Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Burgundy Global Exploration Corp _v_ Transocean Offshore International
Ventures Ltd and another appeal  
[2014] SGCA 24

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 48 and 55 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 May 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; V K Rajah JA; Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Rakesh Vasu and Winnifred Gomez (Gomez & Vasu LLC) for
the appellant in CA 48/2013; Ong Ying Ping, Lim Seng Siew and Susan Tay Ting
Lan (OTP Law Corporation) for the appellants in CA 55/2013; Toh Kian Sing SC,
Ian Teo and Jonathan Wong (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the respondent in CA 48/2013
and CA 55/2013.  
Parties| :|  Burgundy Global Exploration Corp — Transocean Offshore
International Ventures Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decisions from which these appeals arose are
reported at [2013] 3 SLR 1017 and [2013] 3 SLR 1040.

14 May 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 These two appeals came before us after a long and somewhat convoluted
procedural course. Unfortunately, some part of the litigation has been in vain
because, in our judgment, the respondent’s claim for damages was premised on a
fundamental conceptual error.

2 Civil Appeal No 48 of 2013 (“CA 48/2013”) concerns two interrelated
contracts. The first contract was governed by an arbitration agreement while
the second was governed by a jurisdiction clause in favour of the Singapore
courts. The second contract provided that a breach of its terms would also
give the respondent the right to terminate the first contract. The respondent
purported to exercise this right when the appellant breached the second
contract. The critical issue in this appeal is whether the respondent can
claim, in an action for breach of the second contract, damages for its loss of
profits arising from the termination of the first contract.

3 In Civil Appeal No 55 of 2013 (“CA 55/2013”), the appellants, who are the
directors of the appellant in CA 48/2013, are appealing against the High
Court’s refusal to set aside an order for substituted service of examination
of judgment debtor (“EJD”) orders that had previously been issued against
them. The appellants are foreign nationals who are ordinarily resident
overseas. The issue raised is whether a Singapore court has the jurisdiction
to issue an EJD order against company officers who are ordinarily resident
overseas, and if so, whether leave is required for service of the EJD orders
out of jurisdiction.

4 We reserved judgment after the hearing of oral arguments. Having considered
the matters, we have decided to allow both appeals for the reasons that
follow.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

5 The appellant in CA 48/2013 is Burgundy Global Exploration Corporation
(“Burgundy”), a Philippines company engaged in the business of exploring and
developing oil and gas resources in the Philippines.

6 The five appellants in CA 55/2013 are the directors of Burgundy (the
“Directors”), and they are ordinarily resident in the Philippines.

7 The respondent in both appeals is Transocean Offshore International Ventures
Limited (“Transocean”), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange. It
supplies mobile offshore drilling units and provides drilling services for oil
and natural gas reserves.

Background to the dispute

The contractual relationship between Burgundy and Transocean

8 Under an offshore drilling contract dated 29 September 2008 and a novation
agreement dated 30 October 2008 (collectively, the “Drilling Contract”),
Transocean agreed to supply a semi-submersible drilling rig (the “Rig”) and
provide offshore drilling services to Burgundy. Article XI of the Drilling
Contract provided as follows:

**ARTICLE XI – ESCROW AGREEMENT**

It shall be a condition precedent that prior to Commencement Date under this
Contract, [Burgundy] and [Transocean] shall enter into an Escrow Agreement in
the manner approved by [Transocean].

9 Pursuant to Article XI, Burgundy and Transocean entered into an escrow
agreement on 31 October 2008 (the “Escrow Agreement”). The Escrow Agreement
required Burgundy to deposit certain amounts into an escrow account following
a specified timeline, failing which Transocean was entitled, among other
things, to terminate the Drilling Contract. The material clauses were as
follows:

**2.** **Acknowledgement**

Subject to Burgundy depositing the Escrow Amount into the Escrow Account in
accordance with clause 3.2, Transocean acknowledges that the requirements of
Article XI of the Drilling Contract are satisfied by the execution of this
Agreement by Burgundy and Transocean.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the Drilling
Contract, _in the event that Burgundy fails to deposit the Escrow Amount into
the Escrow Account in accordance with clause 3.2, Transocean shall have the
right to suspend the work while simultaneously accruing the Standby rate under
the Drilling Contract and/or terminate the Drilling Contract._

...

**3.2** **Escrow Amount**

Burgundy will cause to be deposited into the Escrow Account the following
amounts:

(a) 30 days prior to the planned Commencement Date or by December 15, 2008
whichever is earlier, Burgundy shall deposit the sum of US$16,500,000
(calculated as the Operating Rate multiplied by thirty (30) days) into the
Escrow Account; and on the Commencement Date, Burgundy shall again deposit the
same amount into the Escrow Account; and

(b) thereafter, on each day which is a multiple of thirty (30) days from the
date of the second deposit in accordance with clause 3.2 (a) above or from the
Commencement Date, until the total amount deposited by Burgundy in accordance
with this clause 3.2 is equal to the amount that is the Operating Rate
multiplied by the entire anticipated maximum duration of the relevant Term,
Burgundy shall further deposit into the Escrow Account the amount that is the
Operating Rate multiplied by lesser of:

(i) thirty (30) days (of the Term); or

(ii) the number of days remaining in the Term if such number is less than 30
days,

**(Escrow Amount)** and provide documentary evidence of such deposit to
Transocean.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

10 Burgundy failed to make the initial deposit of US$16.5m (the “Escrow
Amount”) into the escrow account by 15 December 2008. One week later, by a
letter dated 22 December 2008, Transocean informed Burgundy that:

(a) it was exercising its right under cl 2 of the Escrow Agreement to
terminate the Drilling Contract with immediate effect; and

(b) Burgundy’s failure to deposit the Escrow Amount constituted a repudiatory
breach of the Escrow Agreement which Transocean accepted as terminating the
Escrow Agreement with immediate effect.

11 Burgundy replied the next day saying that it respected Transocean’s
decision but that the parties should “cooperate and find a suitably workable
solution”. However, nothing came out of this.

Transocean’s suit against Burgundy

12 On 29 January 2009, Transocean commenced Suit No 87 of 2009 (“S 87/2009”)
against Burgundy for its breach or repudiation of the Escrow Agreement. In its
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), Transocean claimed the following relief
(amongst others):

(a) a declaration that Burgundy was in repudiatory breach of the Escrow
Agreement;

(b) a declaration that the Drilling Contract had been validly terminated;

(c) damages in the sum of US$105,937,952, which represented Transocean’s loss
of net profits under the Drilling Contract;

(d) in the alternative, damages in the sum of US$55,001.46, which represented
Transocean’s wasted costs and expenses in entering into the Escrow Agreement;
and

(e) further or in the alternative, damages to be assessed.

Leave to serve the writ of summons out of jurisdiction on Burgundy, in the
Philippines, was obtained on 15 April 2009.

13 On 5 June 2009, Burgundy applied for a stay of the proceedings in favour of
arbitration pursuant to Art 25.1 of the Drilling Contract, which provided as
follows:

**25.1** **Arbitration**

The following Dispute Resolution provision shall apply to this Contract.

(a) Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in relation to or in
connection with this Contract, including without limitation any dispute as to
the construction, validity, interpretation, enforceability, performance,
expiry, termination or breach of this Contract whether based on contract, tort
or equity, shall be exclusively and finally settled by arbitration in
accordance with this Article XXV. Any Party may submit such a dispute,
controversy or claim to arbitration by notice to the other Party.

…

(c) Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by the Parties to the
arbitration proceedings:

…

(ix) Indirect, consequential or exemplary damages (Including loss of profit,
loss of production, etc.) shall not be allowed except those payable to third
parties for which liability is allocated among the Parties by the arbitration
award;

…

14 The stay application was granted by an assistant registrar at first
instance but the appeal against the order was allowed by Andrew Ang J (“Ang
J”), whose decision is reported as _Transocean Offshore International Ventures
Ltd v Burgundy Global Exploration Corp_ [2010] 2 SLR 821 (“ _Transocean
(Jurisdiction)_ ”). Ang J held that Art 25.1 of the Drilling Contract did not
apply to claims arising from Burgundy’s failure to pay the Escrow Amount into
the escrow account in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement.
Instead, the Escrow Agreement was governed by a separate dispute resolution
clause which subjected any legal action or proceedings relating to the Escrow
Agreement to the “non-exclusive jurisdiction” of the Singapore courts:

**6.2** **Jurisdiction**

(a) Each of the Parties irrevocably submits to and accepts generally and
unconditionally the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts and appellate
courts of Singapore with respect to any legal action or proceedings which may
be brought at any time relating in any way to this Agreement.

(b) Each of the Parties irrevocably waives any objection it may now or in the
future have to the venue of any action or proceedings, and any claim it may
now or in the future have that the action or proceeding has been brought in an
inconvenient forum.

The High Court’s decision was affirmed on appeal to this Court in Civil Appeal
No 137 of 2009 (“CA 137/2009”) with no grounds issued.

15 Burgundy then filed its defence in which it pleaded that it was not liable
because Transocean had breached various implied terms (which are not germane
to this appeal). It further pleaded that even if Transocean was entitled to
any damages under the Escrow Agreement, it was precluded from making any claim
for consequential losses by reason of Art 19.1 of the Drilling Contract, which
provides as follows:

**19.1** **Consequential loss or damage**

Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary elsewhere in the Contract,
[Burgundy] shall save, indemnify, release, defend and hold harmless
[Transocean] from [Burgundy’s] own Consequential Loss and [Transocean] shall
save, indemnify, release, defend and hold harmless [Burgundy] from
[Transocean’s] own Consequential Loss.

For the purposes of this sub-clause 19.1, the expression “Consequential Loss”
shall mean any indirect or consequential loss howsoever caused or arising
whether under contract, by virtue of any fiduciary duty, in tort or delict
(including negligence), as a consequence of breach of any duty (statutory or
otherwise) or under any other legal doctrine or principle whatsoever whether
or not recoverable at common law or in equity. _Consequential Loss shall be
deemed to include, without prejudice to the foregoing generality, the
following to the extent to which they might not otherwise constitute indirect
or consequential loss:_

(a) loss or damage arising out of any delay, postponement, interruption or
loss of production, any inability to produce, deliver or process petroleum or
_any loss of or anticipated loss of use, profit or revenue;_

(b) loss or damage incurred or liquidated or pre-estimated damages of any kind
whatsoever borne or payable, under any contract for the sale, exchange,
transportation, processing, storage or other disposal of petroleum;

(c) losses associated with business interruption including the cost of
overheads incurred during business interruption;

(d) _loss of bargain, contract, expectation or opportunity;_

(e) any other loss or anticipated loss or damage whatsoever in the nature of
or consequential upon the foregoing.

[emphasis added]

Burgundy also pleaded that it did not cause the losses claimed by Transocean
and that, further or in the alternative, the damages claimed were too remote.

16 After Burgundy filed its defence, Transocean applied for summary judgment
against Burgundy. The summary judgment application was granted by AR Teo Guan
Siew (“AR Teo”) on 7 October 2010, whose decision was upheld on appeal by
Quentin Loh J (“Loh J”).

The assessment of damages

17 The assessment of damages commenced on 23 April 2012 before another
assistant registrar (“AR Tan”). On the first day of the hearing, Burgundy was
not represented by counsel. Through its representative, one Mr Richer Andaya
(“Mr Andaya”), it applied to vacate the hearing dates on the ground that it
had discharged its former lawyers and needed more time to engage new counsel.
AR Tan adjourned the hearing for one day to enable Burgundy to engage counsel
on an urgent basis.

18 The next day, Mr Rakesh Vasu (“Mr Vasu”) and Ms Winnifred Gomez (“Ms
Gomez”) – who are representing Burgundy in this appeal – appeared on behalf of
Burgundy seeking a further adjournment of the hearing. AR Tan eventually
dismissed this application because Burgundy failed to furnish security for
costs in the sum of $324,000 by 3pm on 24 April 2012. Mr Vasu and Ms Gomez
then successfully applied to discharge themselves, and the assessment hearing
proceeded with Burgundy being unrepresented. Mr Andaya was present as an
observer but had no right of audience and gave no evidence.

19 At the conclusion of the hearing, AR Tan awarded Transocean damages in the
sum of US$105,536,922 plus interest, which was derived from the following
computation:

(a) total revenue that Transocean would have earned under the Drilling
Contract (US$126,292,500), _minus_

(b) total expenses that Transocean would have incurred in performing the
Drilling Contract (US$24,494,185.53), _plus_

(c) costs of mitigation reasonably incurred by Transocean (US$3,738,607).

Following AR Tan’s decision, Transocean entered final judgment against
Burgundy on 25 April 2012.

The EJD applications

20 On 7 June 2012, Transocean applied for and obtained EJD orders (“the EJD
Orders”) against the Directors as officers of Burgundy pursuant to O 48 r 1 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). No leave to serve the
EJD Orders out of jurisdiction was obtained. Between June and November 2012,
Transocean made three unsuccessful attempts to serve the EJD Orders on the
Directors in the Philippines through a law firm there.

21 On 3 October 2012, Transocean filed a summons seeking liberty to effect
substituted service of the EJD Orders. The prayers sought were as follows:

1\. [Transocean] be at liberty to effect Service of any Order for Examination
of Judgment Debtor in SUM 2826/2012/A (the ‘EJD Order’) on the directors
and/or officers of [Burgundy] as named herein by way of (i) service on
[Burgundy’s] Singapore lawyers, Gomez & Vasu LLC and/or (ii) advertisement of
the aforesaid the EJD Order ... in an English language newspaper with nation-
wide circulation in the Republic of the Philippines for three consecutive
days. ...

2\. That such service and/or advertisement shall be deemed good and sufficient
service of the said EJD Order on the said directors and/or officers of
[Burgundy].

3\. Costs of and incidental to this application to [Transocean].

On 4 January 2013, AR Ruth Yeo (“AR Yeo”) granted orders in terms of Prayers
1(i), 2 and 3. No order was made on Prayer 1(ii). Transocean proceeded to
serve the EJD Orders on Gomez & Vasu LLC on 14 January 2013.

22 On 18 February 2013, the Directors applied to set aside AR Yeo’s order
allowing substituted service on the basis that the EJD Orders were effectively
subpoenas and were required to be served personally. The application was
dismissed by an assistant registrar (“AR Liew”) on 4 March 2013, who held that
service of the EJD Orders was governed by O 11 r 8, O 48 r 1(2) and O 62 r 5
of the ROC (read together) and that these requirements had been satisfied.

Decision below

23 Burgundy appealed against AR Tan’s award of damages while the Directors
appealed against AR Liew’s dismissal of the setting-aside application. Both
appeals were dismissed by the High Court judge (“the Judge”), whose decisions
are reported as _Transocean Offshore International Ventures Ltd v Burgundy
Global Exploration Corp_ [2013] 3 SLR 1017 (“ _Transocean (Damages)_ ”) and
_Serafica Rogelio T and others v Transocean Offshore Ventures Ltd_ [2013] 3
SLR 1040 (“ _Serafica_ ”) respectively.

24 With respect to Burgundy’s appeal, the Judge rejected Burgundy’s argument
that Transocean’s claim for damages fell within the scope of the arbitration
agreement in the Drilling Contract. The Judge did so on the basis that the
Drilling Contract was not itself the source of the parties’ rights and
obligations giving rise to Transocean’s claim; rather, he thought it was only
a point of reference for ascertaining the financial consequences of Burgundy’s
breach of the Escrow Agreement (_Transocean (Damages)_ at [18]). The Judge
further held that properly construed, Art 19.1 did not exclude a claim by
Transocean for loss of the net profits arising from the termination of the
Drilling Contract (_Transocean (Damages)_ at [29]). Finally, the Judge varied
AR Tan’s award of damages with respect to Transocean’s mitigation expenses. AR
Tan had allowed Transocean to recover the actual expenses it incurred in cold-
stacking the Rig (including preparatory work) from 23 May to 15 November 2009,
but the Judge held that Transocean should only be allowed to recover its
expenses until end August 2009, when the minimum 238-day hire period would
have expired (_Transocean (Damages)_ at [59]).

25 As for the Directors’ appeal, the Judge rejected their attempts to equate
an EJD order with an originating process or a subpoena (_Serafica_ at [22] and
[29]). Instead, he held that the service of the EJD Orders out of jurisdiction
was governed by O 11 r 8(1), which states that leave shall not be required for
service out of Singapore of any summons, notice or order issued in any
proceedings in which leave for service of the originating process has already
been granted (_Serafica_ at [20]).

26 The Directors then appealed to this Court in CA 55/2013. After filing the
appeal, the Directors applied for a stay of execution of the EJD Orders
pending the hearing of the appeal. In their supporting affidavit, the
Directors cited, for the first time, the decision of the English House of
Lords in _Masri v Consolidated Contractors International (UK) Ltd (No 4)_
[2010] 1 AC 90 (“ _Masri_ ”), which held that under the English counterpart of
O 48 r 1, a court could _not_ make an EJD order against an officer of a
corporate judgment debtor who was ordinarily resident abroad (“foreign
officer”). The Judge granted the stay on the basis that there was a
potentially arguable case that the EJD Orders should be set aside on this
ground.

The parties’ arguments on appeal

CA 48/2013

27 Burgundy bases its appeal in CA 48/2013 on two main grounds. First, it
submits that insofar as Transocean is claiming losses arising from the
termination of the Drilling Contract, such a claim gives rise to a dispute
under the Drilling Contract and is subject to arbitration under Art 25.1 of
that agreement. Second, it contends that liability for loss of profits is
excluded by Art 19.1(a) and (c) of the Drilling Contract.

28 In response, Transocean argues that the question of whether it can claim
its Drilling Contract losses in these proceedings is _res judicata_ as
Burgundy’s application for a stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration had
already been finally dismissed by the Court of Appeal (see [14] above).
Transocean further argues that in any event, the assessment of damages is a
factual quantification of the losses caused by Burgundy’s breach of the Escrow
Agreement, and is distinct from a determination of substantive liability under
the Drilling Contract. As long as the usual principles relating to causation
and remoteness and satisfied, there is no reason why Transocean should not be
able to recover the losses it suffered as a result of the termination of the
Drilling Contract even if this is sought pursuant to a claim founded on breach
of the Escrow Agreement.

29 As for Burgundy’s Art 19.1 argument, Transocean makes the following
submissions:

(a) Art 19.1 is an exclusion clause that limits _liability_ ; having lost the
liability fight, Burgundy is precluded from raising Art 19.1 as a defence
again at the assessment stage;

(b) properly construed, Art 19.1 does not exclude Burgundy’s liability for
loss of profits under the Drilling Contract;

(c) to hold that Art 19.1 excludes liability for loss of profits under the
Drilling Contract would prevent Transocean from recovering its expectation
loss and defeat the commercial purpose of the Drilling Contract; and

(d) clear and specific language is required to exclude liability for
deliberate repudiatory breaches, which Burgundy had committed by failing to
deposit the Escrow Amount.

CA 55/2013

30 The Directors base their appeal on the submission that this Court should
follow two English decisions on the scope of the English counterparts of O 11
r 8(1) and O 48 r 1. The first, _Vitol SA v Capri Marine Limited_ [2008] EWHC
378 (Comm) (“ _Vitol_ ”), decided that EJD orders could not be _served_ out of
jurisdiction on a foreign officer. The second, _Masri_ , went one step further
and held that EJD orders could not be _issued_ against a foreign officer.

31 On the other hand, Transocean argues that the wording of O 48 r 1 is wide
enough to cover foreign officers, and the purpose of the rule requires foreign
officers to be within the Court’s reach. As for the English decisions of
_Vitol_ and _Masri_ , Transocean says that they should not be followed because
there are material differences between the ROC and the English Civil Procedure
Rules 1998 (SI 1998 No 3132) (UK) (“CPR”).

Issues before this Court

CA 48/2013

32 The main issue in CA 48/2013 is whether Transocean can recover damages for
losses due to the termination of the Drilling Contract under a claim that is
based on breach of the Escrow Agreement, or whether such claims are subject to
arbitration under Art 25.1 of the Drilling Contract (“the Damages Issue”). A
threshold question that needs to be addressed is whether this issue is _res
judicata_ as argued by Transocean.

33 As for the second issue regarding the effect of Art 19.1 of the Drilling
Contract, it will become evident that this issue ought not be decided by us
but should be determined in arbitration. We would further note that, although
this was not raised by the parties, there is another exclusion clause in Art
25.1(c)(ix) of the Drilling Contract (see [13] above) that might also be
relevant to any claim on the Drilling Contract, but which we are not required
to deal with.

CA 55/2013

34 CA 55/2013 gives rise to the following issues:

(a) Does a Singapore court have the jurisdiction under O 48 of the ROC to make
an EJD order against a corporate officer who is based overseas (“the
Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Issue”)?

(b) If the answer to the above issue is in the affirmative, is leave required
to serve an EJD order out of jurisdiction and should it be granted in the
present case (“the Leave Issue”)?

35 There is also the preliminary issue of whether the Directors require leave
to raise these issues on appeal to this Court. In our view, no leave is
required because although the key English cases supporting Burgundy’s position
were not cited below, the underlying issues and arguments had been ventilated
before the Judge. In any event, even if leave were required, we would have
granted it given that these issues are purely legal in nature and do not
require any fresh evidence to be adduced: see _Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh
Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR(R)
571 at [17].

Our decision

The Damages Issue

Is this issue res judicata?

36 The umbrella doctrine of _res judicata_ has three aspects (_Goh Nellie v
Goh Lian Teck and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 at [17]). Cause of action
estoppel prevents a litigant from pursuing a matter that was the subject of
previous proceedings (_ibid_ at [17]). Issue estoppel prevents a litigant from
raising an issue that has already been decided in previous proceedings (_ibid_
at [18]). There is also the doctrine of abuse of process, which essentially
prevents a litigant from mounting a collateral attack on a previous decision
(_ibid_ at [19], [51]–[52]). Here, Transocean is relying on the doctrine of
issue estoppel.

37 It is well settled that four requirements must be satisfied for an issue
estoppel to arise (_Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation of
Strata Title Plan No 301_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 at [14]–[15]):

(a) there has been a final and conclusive judgment on the merits;

(b) that judgment was by a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c) there is identity between the parties to the two actions that are being
compared; and

(d) there is identity of subject matter in the two proceedings.

In deciding whether the fourth requirement is satisfied, the correct approach
is to ask what had been litigated and, secondly, what had been decided. The
decision on the issue must have been a “necessary step” to the decision or a
“matter which it was necessary to decide, and which was actually decided, as
the groundwork of the decision” (_ibid_ at [15]).

38 Transocean submits that an issue estoppel arises in this case because the
Damages Issue had already been litigated and decided during the stay
proceedings. In those proceedings, Burgundy had argued that since Transocean
was seeking damages for losses that resulted from the termination of the
Drilling Contract, its claim was essentially a claim for breach of the
Drilling Contract and should be subject to arbitration. However, this argument
was rejected by Ang J in _Transocean (Jurisdiction)_ , whose decision was
upheld on appeal to this Court in CA 137/2009. Therefore, Transocean contends
that Burgundy is estopped from resurrecting the Damages Issue at the
assessment of damages stage.

39 We disagree. It is clear to us that the Damages Issue had _not_ been
decided, nor was it necessary for it to be decided, in _Transocean
(Jurisdiction)_. In that case, Ang J decided not to grant a stay in favour of
arbitration for four reasons:

(a) Article XI of the Drilling Contract demonstrated that the parties had
agreed to carve out escrow matters from the Drilling Contract and to deal with
these in the separate Escrow Agreement. That evinced a clear intention by the
parties to subject claims arising from the Escrow Agreement to the dispute
resolution clause found within that agreement: at [21].

(b) Properly construed, Art 25 of the Drilling Contract was principally
concerned with the resolution of claims and disputes arising out of or in
relation to the Drilling Contract, and did not extend to claims brought by
Transocean under the Escrow Agreement: at [22].

(c) It is a trite canon of construction that the general should give way to
the specific. Given the specificity of cl 6.2 of the Escrow Agreement, it
overrode Art 25 of the Drilling Contract with respect to a claim that arose
out of the Escrow Agreement: at [25].

(d) Section 6(1) of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)
did not apply because proceedings instituted under the Escrow Agreement did
not fall within the scope of the arbitration clause in the Drilling Contract:
at [28].

40 Nowhere in his judgment did Ang J consider the question of whether the
specific losses claimed by Transocean were recoverable in a claim brought
under the Escrow Agreement; indeed, not once did he even _refer_ to the heads
of damages claimed by Transocean. As the following extract shows, Ang J was
concerned solely with the narrow issue of whether Transocean could proceed in
Singapore courts given the purported basis of its cause of action (at [15]):

_[Transocean’s] cause of action against [Burgundy] was a straightforward claim
arising from [Burgundy’s] failure to pay the Escrow Amount into the Escrow
Account in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement_. Indeed,
[Burgundy] did not dispute that it failed to deposit the requisite sum
pursuant to cl 3.2(a) of the Escrow Agreement. As such, the claim fell
squarely within cl 3.2(a) of the Escrow Agreement. [Burgundy] argued that the
termination of the Drilling Contract was premised on a breach of the Drilling
Contract. Since Art 25.1 of the Drilling Contract provided that any dispute to
the termination or breach would be governed by arbitration, Art 25.1 would
also apply to [Transocean’s] claim in this action. _I rejected this argument
as the reason for the termination was [Burgundy’s] breach of the Escrow
Agreement._ [emphasis added]

41 Ang J went on to made it clear that his decision rested on the premise that
the dispute related to the Escrow Agreement, and not the Drilling Contract (at
[21]):

First, from a reading of the Escrow Agreement and the Drilling Contract, I was
of the view that the parties had intentionally carved the former out from the
latter and expressly subjected the former to a non-exclusive jurisdiction
clause rather than an arbitration clause. _Article 11 of the Drilling Contract
demonstrated that the parties had agreed to carve out escrow matters from the
Drilling Contract and to put them in a separate agreement. That evinced a
clear intention by the parties to subject claims arising from the Escrow
Agreement to the dispute resolution clause found within that particular
agreement._ Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that the motivation behind
this move was to ensure quicker relief, in the event that the obligations
contained in the Escrow Agreement were breached than if the matter were
arbitrated, as there was no procedure under the London Court of International
Arbitration Rules for a final interim award. I agreed with that submission as
the obligations of the Escrow Agreement were relatively straightforward and
non-technical in nature, as compared with those under the Drilling Contract. …
[emphasis added]

42 Thus, although the Damages Issue might have been _raised_ by Burgundy
before Ang J and this Court during the stay proceedings, it had not been
_decided_ on the merits. The sole issue in those proceedings was whether
Transocean’s action should be stayed in favour of arbitration when its cause
of action was based on the Escrow Agreement. The court understandably did not
consider the further question of whether Transocean could recover the specific
losses it claimed to have suffered given its pleaded cause of action, which
would have been more relevant at the assessment of damages stage. We therefore
find that the Damages Issue is not _res judicata_ , and it remains open to
Burgundy to raise this and for us to decide it.

Can Transocean recover its loss of profits under the Drilling Contract in a
claim for breach of the Escrow Agreement?

43 Before we explain why we have come to a different view from the Judge on
the Damages Issue, we first highlight an important feature of this case. This
is a case where the parties had entered into two contracts to give effect to a
single transaction, which is the provision of a drilling rig and offshore
drilling services by Transocean to Burgundy in exchange for the payment of
money. The Drilling Contract was the main contract setting out the parties’
obligations, including the services to be provided by Transocean and the rates
to be paid by Burgundy for those services; while the Escrow Agreement was a
separate contract making provision for the question of how Burgundy should pay
for Transocean’s services. Transocean took pains to point out that there were
many cross-references between the two contracts: for example, cl 3.2 of the
Escrow Agreement provided that the sums to be deposited into the escrow
account were to be fixed by reference to the “Operating Rates” stipulated
under the Drilling Contract. There can be no real doubt that the two contracts
are closely linked.

44 But despite this, it must not be overlooked that the parties had
deliberately carved out escrow matters from the transaction and subjected it
to a separate agreement. The purpose of the Escrow Agreement, as Transocean
says, was to provide Transocean with security so that it could commit to
performing the Drilling Contract without having to fear that it might end up
being mired in delays if Burgundy defaulted on payment. In other words,
Transocean’s performance interest under the Escrow Agreement was to obtain
security for Burgundy’s performance of its payment obligations under the
Drilling Contract. This must not be confused with Transocean’s performance
interest under the Drilling Contract, which was to make profits from carrying
out the contracted services.

45 Therefore, the true damage caused by Burgundy’s breach of the Escrow
Agreement was the loss of its security, and _not_ the loss of profits under
the Drilling Contract. The latter loss was in fact the result of Transocean’s
decision not to perform the Drilling Contract without security, and however
reasonable a decision that might appear to be, the proper cause of action for
recovering those losses must be a claim under the Drilling Contract. Having
deliberately chosen to carve out the security aspect of the parties’ business
relationship and deal with it in a separate contract, Transocean cannot now
seek to vindicate its performance interest under the Drilling Contract by
bringing a claim founded on breach of the Escrow Agreement.

46 The fact that cl 3.2 of the Escrow Agreement entitles Transocean to
terminate the Drilling Contract upon a breach of the Escrow Agreement does not
change the preceding analysis. A breach of the Escrow Agreement is not
necessarily a breach of the Drilling Contract, and even if it were, there is
no legal basis for allowing Transocean to recover the losses it suffered from
a breach of the _Drilling Contract_ in an action for breach of the _Escrow
Agreement_. The contractual right to terminate the Drilling Contract upon a
breach of the Escrow Agreement is just that – a right to terminate; it does
not serve to import all the obligations under Drilling Contract into the
Escrow Agreement and allow Transocean to treat them as a single composite
contract. This is a matter of some significance where, as here, each contract
has unique features including distinct dispute resolution mechanisms.

47 Thus, to recover its losses flowing from the termination of the Drilling
Contract, the proper course for Transocean to take would have been to bring a
claim in arbitration under the dispute resolution clause in that agreement and
prove that the Drilling Contract had been breached by Burgundy and that it was
entitled to damages for those losses. In our judgment, this is where the Judge
fell into error. In the hearing below, Transocean argued that because Art 19.1
was located in the Drilling Contract, it was irrelevant to a claim premised on
a breach of the Escrow Agreement. The Judge rejected this argument and held
that Art 19.1 of the Drilling Contract was material to the dispute, for the
following reason (at [24]–[25]):

24 Even if Art 19.1 of the Drilling Contract was not a valid defence to
liability for breach of the Escrow Agreement, it did not logically follow that
Art 19.1 could not affect the exact quantum of damages at the assessment based
on a factual analysis of the specific pleaded heads of loss. Transocean
brought its claim as a straightforward breach of cl 3.2 of the Escrow
Agreement giving rise to a contractual right to terminate the Drilling
Contract, with losses quantified by reference to the net loss of profits that
flowed from the termination of the Drilling Contract. _Assuming for the
purposes of argument that Transocean would not in any event have been entitled
to claim such loss of profits after the termination of the Drilling Contract
due to the exclusion in Art 19.1, Transocean could not then quantify such loss
of profits as damages that were causally related to the breach of the Escrow
Agreement._ This, in my view, is conceptually distinct from the argument -
rejected by AR Teo and implicitly by Loh J - that Art 19.1 of the Drilling
Contract excluded any potential liability that Burgundy may owe under the
Escrow Agreement.

25 I therefore proceeded on the basis that Burgundy was not precluded from
raising arguments on Art 19.1 as part of the logically prior question of
whether the purported net loss of profits under the Drilling Contract was in
fact suffered by Transocean. …

[emphasis added]

48 While the Judge’s reasoning was correct in principle, he erred in not
following it to its logical conclusion. Having accepted that it was important,
for the purposes of establishing causation, to determine whether Transocean
would have been able to recover its loss of profits under a hypothetical claim
based on the Drilling Contract, it should have become clear that the more
important threshold question – before even considering the effect of Art 19.1
– was _whether there had been a breach of the Drilling Contract in the first
place_. And once it was appreciated that Transocean’s claim for loss of
profits in fact requires it to establish that: (a) there had been a breach of
the Drilling Contract, and (b) liability for loss of profits is _not_ excluded
under Art 19.1 or possibly Art 25.1(c)(ix) of the Drilling Contract, it would
have become evident that these were plainly matters that, under Art 25.1(a),
were reserved for arbitration.

49 Indeed, Transocean had sought a declaration that the Drilling Contract had
been validly terminated in its Statement of Claim (see [12(b)] above). It thus
seems that Transocean had realised from the outset that its claim for loss of
profits due to the termination of the Drilling Contract required the anterior
determination that the Drilling Contract had been validly terminated as a
result of a breach by Burgundy; it might have been unnecessary to include this
prayer otherwise. Yet this is an issue that falls within the ambit of Art
25.1(a). It is noteworthy that although AR Teo had given judgment in favour of
Transocean on its application for summary judgment, no order was in fact
extracted. However, it seemed to be accepted by Transocean that AR Teo had not
granted this declaration in giving summary judgment for Transocea. Indeed,
counsel for Transocean (“Mr Toh”) informed us that no submissions were made on
this issue before AR Teo.

50 We turn to Transocean’s argument on remoteness. Transocean argues that it
is entirely conceivable for the losses flowing from the breach of one contract
to be based on another contract, as long as those losses are not too remote.
In support of this proposition, Transocean cited the case of _Satef-Huttenes
Albertus SpA v Paloma Tercera Shipping Co SA (The Pegase)_ [1981] 1 Lloyd’s
Rep 175 (“ _The Pegase_ ”). In that case, the defendant shipowners failed to
deliver chrome sand on time to the plaintiff receivers. As the plaintiff did
not have adequate reserves of chrome sand and there was a lack of alternative
supply, it could not fulfil certain resale contracts during the period of
delay. Consequently, the plaintiff commenced arbitration proceedings against
the defendant claiming damages, among other things, for the loss of profits
that it would have made by reselling the sand. The arbitrator stated his award
in the form of a special case seeking the English High Court’s opinion on a
question of law, the question being whether, on the facts found, the defendant
was liable to the plaintiff for damages for loss of profits other than by way
of interest. Goff J held (at 185) that there was “no rule of policy excluding
or restricting recovery of damages … assessed with reference to a loss of
resale profits, if on the ordinary principles of law such damages should be
awarded”. Going on to consider whether it was sufficiently within the
contemplation of the defendant that the plaintiff would have an immediate need
of the chrome sand for resale, Goff J found that the arbitrator had not made
certain crucial factual findings on this point and remitted the case to the
arbitrator.

51 In the present case, Transocean submits that its losses under the Drilling
Contract were not too remote because:

(a) Burgundy knew that Transocean had the express right to terminate the
Drilling Contract should Burgundy breach the Escrow Agreement;

(b) further, Burgundy would have known that Transocean would most likely
exercise this right in the event that Burgundy failed to pay an Escrow Amount,
as this was the more commercially sensible option for Transocean to take;

(c) finally, it was within the parties’ reasonable contemplation that the
termination of the Drilling Contract would result in a loss of profits for
Transocean.

52 Thus, Transocean contends that its losses fell within the first limb of
_Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch 341 (“ _Hadley v Baxendale_ ”), that is,
damages arising naturally according to the usual course of things from the
breach of the contract or such as may reasonably be supposed to have been in
the contemplation of both parties at the time they made the contract. We
disagree. Transocean’s argument was founded on an analysis of cases falling
within the conventional setting where a breach of a contract may give rise to
losses that take the form of the loss of profitable opportunities with other
third parties. But the setting in this case was that the same two parties to a
single transaction had entered into two contracts each dealing with different
aspects of that transaction. Each contract had different terms and different
dispute resolution provisions. The fact that there had been a breach of one
contract did not, without more, give rise to the conclusion that that was also
a breach of the other contract. The fact that Transocean was empowered under
the Escrow Agreement to terminate the Drilling Contract if there was a breach
of the former was consistent with the conclusion that Transocean could not be
compelled to proceed with the Drilling Contract without the security
arrangements contemplated under the Escrow Agreement. However, that was a
quite separate matter from whether the breach of the Escrow Agreement by
Burgundy in and of itself constituted a breach of the Drilling Contract. To
put it another way, it would not have been within Burgundy’s reasonable
contemplation that it could be held liable for Transocean’s loss of profits
under the _Drilling Contract_ in a claim founded on breach of the _Escrow
Agreement._

53 Mr Toh’s reliance on _The Pegase_ did not take his case far because there
are important differences between it and the present case:

(a) First, in _The Pegase_ , the defendant’s breach of contract _disabled_ the
plaintiff from fulfilling its resale contracts. Here, however, Transocean
_chose_ to terminate the Drilling Contract. Thus, to be entitled to recover
its loss of profits under the Drilling Contract, as we have already observed,
Transocean had to first establish that Burgundy’s actions under the Escrow
Agreement amounted to a repudiatory breach of the Drilling Contract as well.

(b) Second, _The Pegase_ dealt with a tripartite situation where the plaintiff
sought to quantify its losses by reference to its anticipated profits under
resale contracts with third parties, there being no dispute as to the
plaintiff’s legal entitlement under those resale contracts. In contrast, the
situation before us is that the plaintiff is seeking to quantify its losses
for the defendant’s breach by reference to its anticipated profits under
another contract _between itself and the defendant_ , where there _is_ a
dispute as to its legal entitlement under that contract, and both parties had
agreed that all such disputes relating to that contract would be settled by
arbitration. Transocean cannot circumvent the parties’ agreement to arbitrate
those disputes by simply packaging its claim for loss of Drilling Contract
profits as a claim for breach of the Escrow Agreement.

54 Transocean has also argued that the reason for carving out the Escrow
Agreement and placing it under a different dispute resolution regime was to
ensure quicker relief for breaches of the Escrow Agreement. But it seems to us
that the type of time-sensitive disputes that would require special treatment
would include disputes such as whether an Escrow Amount had been furnished or
whether the conditions for releasing an Escrow Amount had been satisfied. It
does not seem at all evident to us that a US$106m claim for lost profits
arising from the termination of the Drilling Contract should be the subject of
an expedited dispute resolution regime. On the contrary, such a claim seems to
provide an excellent example of a dispute revolving around the Drilling
Contract and the parties’ interests thereunder, and is one that a reasonable
person in the parties’ shoes would have fully expected to go to arbitration.

**Has Burgundy waived its right to arbitration?**

55 During the oral arguments, we asked Mr Toh: given Transocean’s position
that it could recover its loss of profits under the Drilling Contract in a
claim brought for breach of the Escrow Agreement, what would be the position
if Burgundy were to commence an arbitration under the Drilling Contract
seeking a declaration that it had not breached that contract and therefore
that the losses claimed by Transocean are not recoverable under the Drilling
Contract? Mr Toh conceded that on the face of it, if Burgundy were to invoke
the arbitration mechanism under the Drilling Contract, then his position might
appear to be “unsustainable”; but he then argued that by engaging Transocean
in the assessment process and taking out numerous adjournment applications to
allow itself to do so, Burgundy must be taken to have waived its right to
arbitration.

56 This did not appear to us to be an argument that rested on principle. Much
as we sympathise with Transocean’s plight in having to restart proceedings
having come this far, the waiver argument in our judgment has no merit. To
establish a waiver by one party of certain contractual rights, there must be
an unequivocal representation from that party, whether by words or conduct,
that it is forgoing those rights: Sean Wilken & Karim Ghaly, _The Law of
Waiver, Variation and Estoppel_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2012) at
para 4.45. No such representation can be found here: Burgundy had maintained
from the very beginning that the dispute was subject to arbitration, and had
promptly applied for a stay of proceedings. After its application was rejected
by Ang J (on the premise that Transocean was suing for a breach of the Escrow
Agreement), Burgundy had continued to contest Transocean’s damages claim on
the basis that this was a claim relating to the Drilling Contract and must be
referred to arbitration. Therefore, there was not only no waiver on Burgundy’s
part but a consistent insistence on its right to arbitration.

57 Mr Toh pointed out that it had been open to Burgundy to institute
arbitration proceedings at any time to determine the issues that it said were
subject to arbitration. While this may be true, we fail to see why or how it
became incumbent on Burgundy to commence arbitration. As the party making the
claim, it was _Transocean_ that had the duty of ensuring that it made its
claims in the proper forum using the proper procedure. As the defendant,
Burgundy was entitled to argue that certain heads of damages could only be
claimed in arbitration without having to commence arbitration itself.

58 For these reasons, we hold that in these proceedings, Transocean cannot
claim the losses that it claims to have suffered from the termination of the
Drilling Contract. Transocean’s claim for damages is therefore limited to its
alternative claim for wasted costs and expenses in the sum of US$55,001.46
(see [12(d)] above), insofar as these were the costs that were incurred in
entering into the Escrow Agreement. As this sum was not contested by Burgundy
during the assessment hearing, we allow Transocean’s claim for this sum.

The Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Issue

59 We now turn to the issue of whether the courts of Singapore have the power
to make EJD orders against foreign officers.

60 The court’s power to make EJD orders against company officers derives from
O 48 r 1 of the ROC, which provides as follows:

**1.** **Order for examination of judgment debtor (O. 48, r. 1)**

(1) Where a person has obtained a judgment or order for the payment by some
other person (referred to in this Order as the judgment debtor) of money, the
Court may, on an application made by ex parte summons supported by affidavit
in Form 99 by the person entitled to enforce the judgment or order, order the
judgment debtor, _or, if the judgment debtor is a body corporate, an officer
thereof_ , to attend before the Registrar, and be orally examined on whatever
property the judgment debtor has and wheresoever situated, and the Court may
also order the judgment debtor or officer to produce any books or documents in
the possession of the judgment debtor relevant to the questions aforesaid at
the time and place appointed for the examination.

(2) An order under this Rule must be in Form 100 and must be served personally
on the judgment debtor and on any officer of a body corporate ordered to
attend for examination.

(3) Any difficulty arising in the course of an examination under this Rule
before the Registrar, including any dispute with respect to the obligation of
the person being examined to answer any question put to him, may be referred
to the Court and the Court may determine it or give such directions for
determining it as it thinks fit.

[emphasis added]

61 There is nothing in the language of O 48 r 1 that bars the court from
issuing EJD orders against company officers who are ordinarily resident
overseas. But the Directors submit that there is a presumption against
extraterritoriality in statutory interpretation: _JIO Minerals FZC and others
v Mineral Enterprises Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 391 at [102]. Although the phrase “an
officer thereof” in O 48 r 1 is on the face of it wide enough to include a
foreign officer, the Directors say that it should nonetheless be confined to
company officers who are resident in Singapore because of concerns relating to
enforcement and international comity. In this regard, the Directors rely
heavily on _Masri_ , where the House of Lords held that r 71.2 of the CPR –
which is the English counterpart to our O 48 r 1 – does not permit an English
court to issue an EJD order against a foreign officer.

62 We turn to consider _Masri_ and a number of other English authorities that
have grappled with the issue of whether certain procedural rules should be
accorded extraterritorial force.

The English authorities

(1) _Mackinnon_

63 In _Mackinnon v Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette Securities Corporation and
others_ [1986] Ch 482 (“ _Mackinnon_ ”), the plaintiff alleged that he had
been swindled by two individuals, who had promised to procure a US$360m
property loan for him upon payment of an advance fee of US$250,000 into the
Citibank (New York) account of IAS, a Bahamian company. Although IAS was named
as a defendant, it had ceased to exist by the time of litigation, rendering it
impossible to obtain from it through discovery, documents relating to its
Citibank account. Thus, the plaintiff sought and obtained an order against
Citibank’s London office under s 7 of the Bankers’ Books Evidence Act 1879 (c
11) (UK), which provided as follows:

On the application of any party to a legal proceeding a court or judge may
order that such party be at liberty to inspect and take copies of any entries
in a banker’s book for any of the purposes of such proceedings. An order under
this section may be made either with or without summoning the bank or any
other party …

The order required Citibank to produce documents held at its head office in
New York relating to IAS’s account. The plaintiff also caused a subpoena to be
issued against Citibank for the same purpose.

64 Hoffmann J granted Citibank’s motion to discharge the order and the
subpoena. He began with the general observation that a state should refrain
from demanding obedience to its sovereign authority by foreign non-parties in
respect of their conduct outside of the jurisdiction save in exceptional
circumstances (at 493G). But he was especially persuaded by considerations
specific to _banks_ (at 496C–E):

International law generally recognises the right of a state to regulate the
conduct of its own nationals even outside its jurisdiction, provided that this
does not involve disobedience to the local law. But banks, as I have already
said, are in a special position. _The nature of banking business is such that
if an English court invokes its jurisdiction even over an English bank in
respect of an account at a branch abroad, there is a strong likelihood of
conflict with the bank’s duties to its customer under the local law_. It is
therefore not surprising that any bank, whether English or foreign, should as
a general rule be entitled to the protection of an order of the foreign court
before it is required to disclose documents kept at a branch or head office
abroad. [emphasis added]

On the facts, he found that there were no exceptional circumstances justifying
the order against Citibank as the plaintiff could instead apply to the New
York courts for the documents (at 499A–500C).

(2) _Re Tucker_

65 In _In re Tucker (RC) (A Bankrupt), Ex p Tucker (KR)_ [1990] Ch 148 (“ _Re
Tucker_ ”), the issue was whether s 25(1) of the Bankruptcy Act 1914 (c 59)
(UK) allowed the bankruptcy court to summon before it the brother of a
bankrupt, who was a British citizen resident in Belgium, to give information
about the bankrupt’s affairs. Section 25(1) stated as follows (at 152H–153B):

The court may, on the application of the official receiver or trustee … summon
… any person known or suspected to have in his possession any of the estate or
effects belonging to the debtor, or supposed to be indebted to the debtor, or
any person whom the court may deem capable of giving information respecting
the debtor, his dealings or property, and the court may require any such
person to produce any documents in his custody or power relating to the
debtor, his dealings or property.

The Court of Appeal held that it did not. Dillon LJ, with whom the other two
judges agreed, reasoned that “the general practice in international law” is
that the courts of a country only have power to summon before them persons who
accept service or are present within the territory of that country when served
with the appropriate process (at 158D–E).

66 Dillon LJ found support for his conclusion in two telling features of the
Bankruptcy Act 1914. First, s 122 provided for an alternative procedure which
could be used to secure the examination of persons resident in Scotland or
Ireland before the bankruptcy courts of those countries or within the
jurisdiction of other British courts (at 154A–C):

122\. The High Court, the county courts, the courts having jurisdiction in
bankruptcy in Scotland and Ireland, and every British court elsewhere having
jurisdiction in bankruptcy or insolvency, and the officers of those courts
respectively, shall severally act in aid of and be auxiliary to each other in
all matters of bankruptcy, and an order of the court seeking aid, with a
request to another of the said courts, shall be deemed sufficient to enable
the latter court to exercise, in regard to the matters directed by the order,
such jurisdiction as either the court which made the request, or the court to
which the request is made, could exercise in regard to similar matters within
their respective jurisdictions.

67 Second, s 25(6) provided as follows (at 153E):

The court may, if it thinks fit, order that any person _who if in England
would be liable to be brought before it under this section_ shall be examined
in Scotland or Ireland, or in any other place out of England. [emphasis added]

Dillion LJ considered this wording to be conclusive of his decision, because
it clearly implied that if a person is not in England he is _not_ liable to be
brought before the English court under s 25 (at 158H).

(3) _Re Seagull_

68 In _In re Seagull Manufacturing Co Ltd_ [1993] Ch 345 (“ _Re Seagull_ ”),
the Court of Appeal had to consider whether s 133 of the Insolvency Act 1986
(c 45) (UK) had extraterritorial effect. Section 133(1) stated as follows:

_Public examination of officers_. (1) Where a company is being wound up by the
court, the official receiver or, in Scotland, the liquidator may at any time
before the dissolution of the company apply to the court for the public
examination of any person who - (a) is or has been an officer of the company;
or (b) has acted as liquidator or administrator of the company or as receiver
or manager … or (c) not being a person falling within paragraph (a) or (b), is
or has been concerned, or has taken part, in the promotion, formation or
management of the company.

69 It was held that this section allowed the court to make an order for public
examination against a British director who was resident abroad. In deciding
this issue, the court was persuaded by the fact that the policy underlying the
statute would be frustrated if it did not extend to directors resident
overseas. Peter Gibson J noted (at 354F–355B):

Where a company has come to a calamitous end and has been wound up by the
court, _the obvious intention of this section was that those responsible for
the company’s state of affairs should be liable to be subjected to a process
of investigation and that investigation should be in public. Parliament could
not have intended that a person who had that responsibility could escape
liability to investigation simply by not being within the jurisdiction_.
Indeed, if the section were to be construed as leaving out of its grasp anyone
not within the jurisdiction, deliberate evasion by removing oneself out of the
jurisdiction would suffice. That seems to me to be a wholly improbable
intention to attribute to Parliament. … There is no requirement that an
officer of an English company must live in England, nor of course need an
officer of an overseas company which may be wound up by the court. Such a
company is very likely to have officers not within the jurisdiction. [emphasis
added]

70 He went on to distinguish _Re Tucker_ on the following grounds (at 358A–D),
among others:

(a) s 133 of the Insolvency Act 1986 was much narrower in scope than s 25 of
the Bankruptcy Act 1914 – the former targeted individuals responsible in some
way for the management of insolvent companies, while the latter encompassed
anyone whom the court suspected might have relevant property or information;
and

(b) the Insolvency Act 1986 did not contain a provision similar to s 25(6) of
the Bankruptcy Act 1914 which the court in _Re Tucker_ considered so
conclusive.

(4) _Masri_

71 We turn to the important decision in _Masri._ There, the judgment creditor
was owed a debt of US$64m by two judgment debtors, both Lebanese companies.
The judgment debtors were found to have “manifested their intention to avoid
payment of this judgment debt at all costs” (at [5]), and the issue arose as
to whether r 71.2 CPR allowed the English courts to issue an EJD order against
the chairman, general manager and director of the first judgment debtor, one
Mr Khoury, who was ordinarily resident in Greece. We set out r 71.2 in full
below:

**Order to attend court**

**71.2**

(1) A judgment creditor may apply for an order requiring –

(a) a judgment debtor; or

(b) _if a judgment debtor is a company or other corporation, an officer of
that body_ ,

to attend court to provide information about –

(i) the judgment debtor’s means; or

(ii) any other matter about which information is needed to enforce a judgment
or order.

(2) An application under paragraph (1) –

(a) may be made without notice; and

(b) must be issued in the court which made the judgment or order which it is
sought to enforce, except that –

(i) if the proceedings have since been transferred to a different court, it
must be issued in that court; or

(ii) subject to subparagraph (b)(i), if it is to enforce a judgment made in
Northampton County Court in respect of a designated money claim, it must be
issued in accordance with section 2 of Practice Direction 70.

(3) The application notice must –

(a) be in the form; and

(b) contain the information

required by Practice Direction 71.

(4) An application under paragraph (1) may be dealt with by a court officer
without a hearing.

(5) If the application notice complies with paragraph (3), an order to attend
court will be issued in the terms of paragraph (6).

(6) A person served with an order issued under this rule must –

(a) attend court at the time and place specified in the order;

(b) when he does so, produce at court documents in his control which are
described in the order; and

(c) answer on oath such questions as the court may require.

(7) An order under this rule will contain a notice in the following terms, or
in terms to substantially the same effect –

“If you the within-named [ ] do not comply with this order you may be held to
be in contempt of court and imprisoned or fined, or your assets may be
seized.”

[emphasis added]

72 Reversing the decision of the Court of Appeal, the House of Lords
unanimously held that r 71.2 did _not_ confer a power to order examination of
a foreign officer. Lord Mance reasoned that:

(a) there is a presumption against extraterritoriality which applies to r 71.2
(at [17]);

(b) although a corporate judgment debtor is already subject to the court’s
jurisdiction, a foreign officer of that company has a separate legal
personality from the company (at [17]);

(c) impracticality of enforcement is a relevant factor in considering whether
r 71.2 covers officers who are abroad (at [22]);

(d) the public interest in examining the officers of a company being wound up,
which was cited as a justification for the decision in _Re Seagull_ , is
absent in private civil litigation (at [23]);

(e) the public interest in obtaining evidence for trial is at least as
important as the public interest in enforcing a judgment, yet parties have no
right to summon witnesses from abroad for that purpose (at [23]);

(f) the court’s power to examine company officers under r 71.2 is derived from
an amendment to the English Rules of the Supreme Court in 1883, and the Rules
Committee in 1883 was likely to have been focusing on domestic judgments and
domestically based officers (at [24]);

(g) the extreme informality of the process prescribed by r 71.2 –under which
an application for an EJD order may be made without notice, dealt with
ministerially by a court officer, and issued automatically – points to a
domestic focus (at [24]); and

(h) relatively few company officers are likely to flee the country in order to
avoid giving information about their company’s affairs (at [25]).

(5) _Perry_

73 Since _Masri_ , there have been other English decisions dealing with the
issue of extraterritorial jurisdiction. In _Serious Organised Crime Agency v
Perry and others (Nos 1 and 2)_ [2013] 1 AC 182 (“ _Perry_ ”), P was convicted
in Israel of a number of fraud offences. The Serious Organised Crime Agency
obtained a disclosure order under s 357 of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (c
29) (UK) against P, his wife and his two daughters, none of whom was resident
or domiciled in the jurisdiction. The relevant portions of s 357 provided as
follows:

(4) A disclosure order is an order authorising an appropriate officer to give
to _any person the appropriate officer considers has relevant information_
notice in writing requiring him to do, with respect to any matter relevant to
the investigation for the purposes of which the order is sought, any or all of
the following —

(a) answer questions, either at a time specified in the notice or at once, at
a place so specified;

(b) provide information specified in the notice, by a time and in a manner so
specified;

(c) produce documents, or documents of a description, specified in the notice,
either at or by a time so specified or at once, and in a manner so specified.

(5) Relevant information is information (whether or not contained in a
document) which the appropriate officer concerned considers to be relevant to
the investigation.

[emphasis added]

74 Section 359(1) further provided that a person commits an offence if without
reasonable excuse he fails to comply with a requirement imposed on him under a
disclosure order.

75 Upon an application to set aside the information notices, a nine-member
panel of the UK Supreme Court unanimously held that s 357 could not be invoked
against persons out of jurisdiction (although they differed on another issue
which is not pertinent here). Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers PSC explained
the court’s decision as follows (at [94]):

The point is a very short one. No authority is required under English law for
a person to request information from another person anywhere in the world. But
section 357 authorises orders for requests for information with which the
recipient is obliged to comply, subject to penal sanction. _Subject to limited
exceptions, it is contrary to international law for country A to purport to
make criminal conduct in country B committed by persons who are not citizens
of country A_. Section 357, read with section 359, does not simply make
proscribed conduct a criminal offence. It confers on a United Kingdom public
authority the power to impose on persons positive obligations to provide
information subject to criminal sanction in the event of non-compliance. _To
confer such authority in respect of persons outside the jurisdiction would be
a particularly startling breach of international law_. For this reason alone I
consider it implicit that the authority given under section 357 can only be
exercised in respect of persons who are within the jurisdiction. [emphasis
added]

(6) _Dar Al Arkan_

76 In _Dar Al Arkan Real Estate Development Co and another v Majid Al-Sayed
Bader Hashim Al Refai and others_ [2013] EWHC 4112 (QB) (“ _Dar Al Arkan_ ”),
an issue arose as to whether r 81.4(3) of the CPR allowed the court to issue
committal orders against non-resident directors or officers of a company in
contempt of court. Rule 81.4 (which is the equivalent of our O 45 r 5)
provided that:

(1) If a person –

(a) required by a judgment or order to do an act does not do it within the
time fixed by the judgment or order; or

(b) disobeys and judgment or order not to do an act,

then … the judgment or order may be enforced by an order for committal.

…

(3) If the person referred to in paragraph (1) is a company or other
corporation, the committal order may be made against any director or other
officer of that company or corporation ...

77 Andrew Smith J held that committal orders _could_ be issued against company
officers resident abroad. He reasoned that without such a power, the court’s
ability to deal with contempt of its orders by companies with foreign
directors and officers would be much reduced, and the efficacy of many
worldwide freezing orders and anti-suit injunctions would be compromised (at
[24]). _Masri_ was distinguished on the basis that contempt proceedings engage
a public interest that is more specific and goes beyond the public interest in
enforcing a private civil judgment (at [34]).

Analysis

78 It is evident from the foregoing discussion that the English cases do not
appear to speak with one voice. Of the six cases that we have considered, the
English courts had declined to read a provision as having extraterritorial
reach in four of them – _Mackinnon_ , _Re Tucker_ , _Masri_ and _Perry_.
Putting _Masri_ aside, one key characteristic that cuts across the other three
decisions is that they all dealt with provisions that allowed the court to
summon individuals unrelated to the parties to the suit on the sole basis that
they possessed relevant information. It is understandable why the courts
applied the presumption against extraterritoriality strictly in those cases.
But it might be useful to delve a little into the significance of that
presumption in the specific context of jurisdiction.

79 Jurisdiction is not a monolithic concept. In _Mackinnon_ , Hoffmann J
placed some reliance on a distinction between personal and subject-matter
jurisdiction (at 493C–F), tracing this to F A Mann’s seminal article, “The
Doctrine of Jurisdiction in International Law” in _Studies in International
Law_ (Oxford University Press, 1973) ch 1 at pp 128–129, where it was stated
as follows:

… The mere fact that a State’s judicial or administrative agencies are
internationally entitled to subject a person to their personal or ‘curial’
jurisdiction, does not by any means permit them to regulate by their orders
such person’s conduct abroad. This they may do only if the State of the forum
also has substantive jurisdiction to regulate conduct in the manner defined in
the order. In other words, for the purpose of justifying, even in the
territory of the forum, the international validity of an order, not only its
making, but also its content must be authorized by substantive rules of
legislative jurisdiction. …

80 Hoffmann J restated the distinction as follows: personal jurisdiction
refers to the question of whether a person is amenable to the jurisdiction of
the court in the sense that he is or can be brought before it. This would
typically be the case where the person is situated within the forum. Subject-
matter jurisdiction (or what Dr Mann referred to as “substantive
jurisdiction”) on the other hand refers to what a court is permitted to do in
terms of regulating the conduct in another country of someone over whom it has
personal jurisdiction. This was how Hoffmann J put it when rejecting the
argument that because the bank targeted by the order (Citibank in that case)
was present within the jurisdiction of the court through a branch located in
England, an order could be made requiring it to produce documents that were
situated in another country (namely, the United States) (at 493C):

I think that this argument confuses personal jurisdiction, i.e., who can be
brought before the court, with subject matter jurisdiction, i.e., to what
extent the court can claim to regulate the conduct of those persons. It does
not follow from the fact that a person is within the jurisdiction and liable
to be served with process that there is no territorial limit to the matters
upon which the court may properly apply its own rules or the things which it
can order such a person to do. …

81 Hoffmann J held that he was not entitled on the facts before him to order
Citibank to produce documents which were located elsewhere and concerned
business transacted there. To do otherwise would entail an English court
demanding that a foreign national be subject to its orders in respect of what
it does in another country. Hoffmann J considered the true principle to be
that “a state should refrain from demanding obedience to its sovereign
authority by foreigners in respect of their conduct outside the jurisdiction”
(at 493G–H), though it does not appear from the judgment that he thought this
was an absolute bar; rather he seems to have seen it as a presumptive
restraint that is imposed by a court upon itself which might be capable of
being displaced in the appropriate circumstances. Seen in this light, the
question of subject-matter or substantive jurisdiction is concerned with
giving effect to the presumption against extra-territoriality (we henceforth
use the term “substantive jurisdiction” to refer to this concept).

82 Where an EJD order is sought against a foreign officer of a company,
whether local or foreign, against whom a judgment has been issued, the
anterior question presents the opposite dilemma – the court has the power to
require the provision of information relating to the judgment debtor’s
property wherever situated, but does not have personal jurisdiction over the
foreign officer in question. Whether the court _should_ exercise personal
jurisdiction over the foreign officer is the issue, but in coming to a
decision on this it seems inevitable that it should also have regard to
whether this is merely the prelude to the impermissible exercise of exorbitant
substantive jurisdiction.

83 The dichotomy between personal and substantive jurisdiction appears to have
been alluded to again in _Masri_ , though perhaps in somewhat less explicit
terms. We think that Lord Mance was in fact considering the question of
whether, and if so in what circumstances, the English courts had the
substantive jurisdiction to make EJD orders against corporate officers
resident abroad; and if they did have it, whether they would exercise it. This
is suggested by the following remarks at [18]–[19]:

18 In Mr Rabinowitz’s submission the key to the scope of CPR Pt 71 lies in a
recognition of the English court’s _jurisdiction over the subject matter of
the action_ (including the judgment) against CCIC and the close connection
between that subject matter and Mr Khoury, who was CCIC’s chairman, general
manager and director. In  _The Ikarian Reefer (No 2)_ [2000] 1 WLR 603 it was
the existence of substantive proceedings over which the court had jurisdiction
and of “a substantial connection with those proceedings by a non-party” that
Waller LJ stressed in his judgment as the key to understanding the
circumstances in which orders for costs would be made against such a non-
party: pp 611b–612b. Mr Rabinowitz took this as a useful analogy and found
direct support for his submission in Professor Brownlie’s identification in
_Principles of Public International Law_ , 7th ed (2008), p 311 of one
criterion of jurisdiction as “a substantial and bona fide connection between
the subject matter and the source of the jurisdiction” (to which however
Professor Brownlie added, at p 312, that “the principle of non-intervention in
the domestic or territorial jurisdiction of other states should be observed”).
Mr Rabinowitz also relied on the statement by Sir Robert Jennings and Sir
Arthur Watts in  _Oppenheim’s International Law_ , 9th ed (1992) vol 1, pp
457–458 that there must be “a sufficiently close connection to justify th[e]
state in regulating the matter and perhaps also to override any competing
rights of other states”.

19 _I accept that the existence of a close connection between a subject matter
over which this country and its courts have jurisdiction and another person or
subject over which it is suggested that they have taken jurisdiction will be
relevant in determining whether the further jurisdiction has been taken._ It
will be a factor in construing, or ascertaining the grasp and intendment of,
the relevant legislation or rule.

[emphasis added]

84 In contrast, in both _Re Seagull_ and _Dar Al Akan_ the courts held that
they could make orders affecting parties abroad. _Re Seagull_ was decided on
the basis that it would frustrate the policy of the insolvency legislation if
those who were running the company at and perhaps to its “calamitous end”
could put themselves beyond the reach of the courts and of the investigative
processes contemplated by the legislation by leaving the jurisdiction. Peter
Gibson J distinguished _Re Tucker_ on the basis of differences between the
applicable statutes in the two cases. But a focus on the distinction between
personal and substantive jurisdiction might have presented an alternative
solution. In _Re Seagull_ , the director in question was a British citizen and
it is less obvious that the concern that had been articulated by Hoffmann J in
_Mackinnon_ over the court finding substantive jurisdiction in such a case
would have been implicated, since the interest of a state in regulating the
conduct of _its own nationals_ even abroad might be more readily recognised.

85 As for _Dar Al Arkan_ , the litigant there was a foreign company which was
required by the order of the court to do certain things, and the question was
whether this should be extended by permitting a committal order to be made
against the non-resident officers of the company. Having established that the
corporate litigant was properly before the court, there can be no basis for
suggesting that _it_ was not then amenable to the substantive jurisdiction of
the court when it came to enforcement of the court’s order. The court was
undoubtedly competent to make the orders for enforcement – whether these could
be carried into effect elsewhere would depend on the state of the law in that
jurisdiction as well as on provisions that might have been in place for
reciprocal enforcement.

86 It is true that the extension to the directors and officers of the
corporate litigant took the matter a step further. But companies can only act
through individuals, and the only way a court can exert control over companies
would be to issue orders – whether directly or indirectly ­– against those
individuals who act on its behalf and who are able to effect the corporate
litigant’s compliance with the orders of the court. If a court was not able to
issue orders against such foreign officers, then they would not have the means
to control foreign companies which are legitimately within its personal and
substantive jurisdiction. This would be a surprising result and one we are
unwilling to reach.

87 We of course recognise the force of Lord Mance’s concerns regarding the
imposition of extraterritorial jurisdiction on company officers who are not
parties to the proceedings. But his concerns must be understood in the context
of the English equivalents to O 11 (rr 6.30(2) and 6.20(9) of the CPR), which
do not allow EJD orders to be _served_ out of jurisdiction. This lack of
personal jurisdiction fortified his conclusion that Pt 71 of the CPR did not
confer the requisite substantive jurisdiction on the court to regulate the
conduct of foreign officers (at [37]). The civil procedure rules in Singapore
are different, and on the basis that the power exists to issue an EJD order
out of the jurisdiction against the director or officer of a corporate
litigant, Lord Mance’s concerns can be addressed by the court when it comes to
consider whether it will _exercise_ its power and permit a party to proceed
against the foreign directors or officers of a corporate litigant. This is a
matter that arises at the leave stage (which we address below at [110]–[115]).

88 Against those observations we return to the issue of how O 48 r 1 should be
interpreted. We first observe that there _are_ key differences between r 71.2
of the CPR and O 48 r 1 of the ROC. The “extreme informality” in r 71.2 that
troubled Lord Mance is not present in O 48 r 1:

(a) While r 71.2(4) expressly allows an application for an EJD order to be
dealt with without a hearing, an EJD application under O 48 r 1 requires an
_ex parte_ hearing.

(b) While r 71.2(5) mandates that an EJD order _will_ be issued if the
procedural requirements are satisfied, O 48 r 1 gives our courts the
discretion _not_ to issue an EJD order.

89 These differences alone would give us reason to pause before applying the
holding in _Masri_ to O 48 r 1. In addition, however, we find ourselves
respectfully unable to agree with some aspects of the decision in _Masri_.

90 First, the Directors argue that since O 48 r 1 of our ROC and r 71.2 of the
English CPR share a common ancestry, Lord Mance’s observations regarding the
likely domestic focus of the Rules Committee in 1883 (see [72(f)] above) apply
with equal force to O 48 r 1. But the fact that the rule-maker did not
consider whether a rule would apply in a particular situation (even though the
language of the rule might be wide enough to cover that situation) does not,
without more, supply a basis for excluding it from the ambit of the rule.
Instead, under s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), the proper
approach is to consider the object of the rule and then decide whether its
object would be promoted if it were interpreted to cover the situation at
hand. Here, there is no serious doubt that the underlying purpose of O 48 r 1,
which is to enable judgment creditors to obtain information about a corporate
judgment debtor’s finances, would be served by extending it to foreign
officers. The real question is whether we should nonetheless impose limits on
its application and if so, how we should do that.

91 Second, we do not think that the public interest analysis used in _Masri_
provides a sustainable basis for deciding which laws should be interpreted as
having extraterritorial effect, and which not. To begin with, there is no
inherent reason why extraterritorial jurisdiction would be more readily
conferred by a written law when public interests, as opposed to private
interests, are at stake. After all, virtually all penal statutes may be said
to implicate public interests, yet the presumption against extraterritoriality
applies with particular force to criminal law. Furthermore, no justification
was given in _Masri_ as to why the public interest in ensuring that the
court’s judgments do not go unsatisfied is any less compelling than the public
interest in ensuring the orderly winding up of a company. After all, the main
purpose of both winding up proceedings and EJD proceedings is to benefit the
company’s creditors. Hence, the mere fact that one set of proceedings might be
described as “public”, and the other “private”, does not provide a principled
basis for distinguishing between the two. Lord Mance himself seemed to
appreciate the slippery nature of the public/private distinction when he
granted that “a fair and efficient legal system is of course a cornerstone of
the rule of law, and … there is a public interest in a court getting to the
bottom of litigation and ensuring that parties have the means of obtaining
full information to enable it to do so” (at [23]).

92 Third, as we have noted, the holding in _Masri_ that r 71.2 did not apply
to foreign officers was fortified by the court’s view that English civil
procedure did not allow an EJD order to be served on a company officer out of
jurisdiction. But as we will explain shortly, this is not the position under
Singapore law – in our judgment, an EJD order may be served out of
jurisdiction on a foreign officer with the leave of the court (see [95]–[109]
below). Thus, any concerns relating to the imposition of extraterritorial
jurisdiction on a foreign officer can be considered and addressed at the stage
where leave is sought to serve an EJD order abroad.

93 Indeed, in our judgment, _service_ is the crucial act that engages the
court’s jurisdiction over a foreign person. As a matter of Singapore law,
personal jurisdiction may be found when the putative defendant is physically
within the jurisdiction at the time the writ is served on him (see s 16(1) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)) or when the
requirements stipulated in O 11 of the ROC have been met and leave has been
given for a writ to be served on a defendant not physically within the
confines of Singapore. Further, as Lord Diplock said in _Amin Rasheed
Corporation v Kuwait Insurance Co_ [1984] 1 AC 50 (at 65–66):

My Lords, _the jurisdiction exercised by an English court over a foreign
corporation which has no place of business in this country_ , **_as a result
of granting leave under R.S.C., Ord. 11, r. 1 (1) (f) for service out of the
jurisdiction_** _of a writ on that corporation, is an exorbitant jurisdiction_
, i.e., it is one which, under general English conflict rules, an English
court would not recognise as possessed by any foreign court in the absence of
some treaty providing for such recognition. Comity thus dictates that the
judicial discretion to grant leave under this paragraph of R.S.C., Ord. 11, r.
1 (1) should be exercised with circumspection in cases where there exists an
alternative forum … [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

94 To hold that there is an absolute prohibition on the issuance of EJD orders
against foreign officers would go too far because it is entirely conceivable
for such an order to be served within the jurisdiction when the officer comes
to Singapore for a temporary visit. Even an originating process may be validly
served in this manner (_HRH Maharanee Seethaderi Gaekwar of Baroda v
Wildenstein_ [1972] 2 QB 283 at 292). But whether the EJD Order may be served
_out of jurisdiction_ is an entirely separate matter, and it is at that stage
that the court may weigh the competing considerations. We have also alluded to
our views on the question of leave and to that issue we now turn.

The Leave Issue

Is leave required to serve an EJD order out of jurisdiction?

95 The rule governing the service of summons, notices and orders out of
jurisdiction is O 11 r 8(1), which states:

Subject to Order 69, Rule 10, service out of Singapore of any summons, notice
or order issued, given or made in any proceedings is permissible only with the
leave of the Court _but leave shall not be required in any proceedings in
which leave for service of the originating process has already been granted_.
[emphasis added]

Invoking this rule, Transocean submits that there is no need to obtain leave
to serve the EJD Orders out of the jurisdiction since leave to serve the writ
of summons out of jurisdiction had already been granted.

96 The Directors, on the other hand, submit that O 11 r 8(1) does not apply
where an order is sought to be served out of jurisdiction on a foreign
individual who is _not_ a party to the proceedings. In support of this
proposition, they rely on the decision of the English High Court in _Vitol_ ,
which dealt with whether leave may be granted to serve an EJD order out of
jurisdiction under r 6.30(2) of the CPR. Rule 6.30(2) (which has since been
amended and is now found in r 6.38(1)) provided as follows:

Unless paragraph (3) applies, where the permission of the court is required
for a claim form served out of the jurisdiction the permission of the court
must also be obtained for service out of the jurisdiction of any other
document to be served in the proceedings.

97 We pause to make the observation that unlike the holding in _Vitol_ , which
was subsequently applied in _Masri_ , we have already held that leave to serve
an EJD order out of jurisdiction may be granted under our ROC; but the
discussion is helpful for the focus it brings to the question of whether and
in what circumstances it may be permissible to ignore the distinction in the
personalities of the company and its officers. In _Vitol_ , in coming to his
conclusion that the court had no jurisdiction to grant the leave requested,
Tomlinson J reasoned as follows:

9\. … I do not consider that CPR 6.30(2) provides the court with machinery
pursuant to which it may permit service out of the jurisdiction of an order
made under CPR 71.2(1)(b). … _That provision is I think concerned with
documents which require to be served on parties to the proceedings._
Furthermore, as Aikens J pointed out in _C. Inc. plc v. L._ [2001] 2 All ER
(Comm) 446, CPR 6.30(2) itself requires the identification of a ground within
CPR 6.20 which gives the court power to grant permission to serve out of the
jurisdiction the document service of which is sought to be effected …

10\. That being so, the question arises on what basis the court can assume an
exorbitant jurisdiction to permit service of such an order out of the
jurisdiction? The closest analogy is a witness summons issued under CPR 34.2,
which, in the language of that rule, “is a document issued by the court
requiring a witness to (a) attend court to give evidence or (b) produce
documents to the court.” It is axiomatic that a party cannot compel a witness
in a foreign country to attend a trial in England and Wales …

…

17\. Both Hirst LJ and Peter Gibson J in [_Re Seagull_] emphasised that what
the court was there concerned with was ascertaining who came within the
legislative grasp or intendment of the section. The efficient and thorough
conduct of an investigation into the affairs of a failed company pointed to an
overriding public interest. No such public interest is engaged where what is
under consideration is the enforcement of private law obligations which may
have little or no connection with the English jurisdiction. I do not consider
that the decision of the Court of Appeal in [_Re Seagull_] provides any
justification for holding that an order made under CPR 71.2(1)(b) may be
served out of the jurisdiction.

[emphasis added in italics]

98 The decision in _Vitol_ may be contrasted with the earlier decision in
_National Justice Compania Naviera SA v Prudential Assurance Co Ltd (No 2)_
[2000] 1 WLR 603 (“ _The Ikarian Reefer_ ”), where costs were ordered against
the unsuccessful plaintiff in favour of the defendant. Seeking to hold the
director of the plaintiff liable for costs, the defendant issued a summons in
the action against him and served it on him out of jurisdiction without prior
leave. The English Court of Appeal held that leave was required to serve the
summons out of jurisdiction, but upheld the retrospective granting of leave by
the judge below. In the process, the court considered the scope of O 11 r 9(4)
of the Rules of the Supreme Court (UK) then in force, which stated:

Service out of the jurisdiction of any summons, notice or order issued, given
or made in any proceedings is permissible with the leave of the court but
leave shall not be required for such service in any proceedings in which the
writ, originating summons, motion or petition may by these rules or under any
Act be served out of the jurisdiction without leave.

99 Waller LJ held that this provision allowed leave to be granted for service
of the summons out of jurisdiction, even though the director was not a party
to the proceedings. He reasoned as follows:

… where there is an action pending before the English court, then a summons in
that action can be served on a person domiciled and resident outside the
jurisdiction. I appreciate that in [_Mansour v Mansour_ [1989] 1 FLR 418] the
party being served was a party to the proceedings. But that was not the basis
of Sir John Donaldson M.R.'s reasoning and I venture to think that if a non-
party committed a contempt of the English court the fact that that non-party
was outside the jurisdiction physically would not prevent the English court
having jurisdiction to proceed to commit for contempt. By analogy, as it seems
to me, unless by some Convention the United Kingdom has agreed that its courts
would not exercise a jurisdiction, _the English court has jurisdiction to
decide the issue whether a non-party has taken such steps in relation to an
action as should render that person liable to pay the costs of that action._
[emphasis added]

100 In _Masri_ , Lord Mance agreed with Tomlinson J’s view in _Vitol_ that r
6.30(2) of the CPR did not permit leave to be granted for service out of
jurisdiction on non-parties (at [36]). He distinguished _The Ikarian Reefer_
on the basis that it was a special case where the director on whom the summons
was sought to be served out of jurisdiction was the _alter ego_ of the
plaintiff company whose proceedings he had instigated, controlled and financed
(at [33]).

101 The decisions in _The Ikarian Reefer_ and _Masri_ were considered by the
Grand Court of the Cayman Islands in _CIGNA Worldwide Insurance Company (by
and through its court-appointed receiver, Josie Senesie, and in respect of the
assets undertaking and affairs of its licensed Liberian branch and business) v
ACE Limited_ (unreported, 13 May 2013). The issue in that case was whether the
court had jurisdiction to grant leave to serve a costs summons on a non-party
out of jurisdiction under O 11 r 9(2) of the Grand Court Rules 1995 (Revised
Edition) (Cayman Islands), which states as follows:

Service out of the jurisdiction of any summons, notice or order issued, given
or made in any proceedings is permissible with the leave of the Court, but
leave shall not be required for such service in any proceedings in which the
writ, originating summons, motion or petition may by these Rules or under any
Law be served without leave.

102 Considering both _The Ikarian Reefer_ and _Masri_ , Cresswell J held that
the court might have such jurisdiction in a case where the non-party had
instigated, controlled and financed the proceedings brought in the name of the
company:

The principle underlying the jurisdiction (so far as relevant) under GCR O 11
r 9(2) to be derived from _Masri_ is that _where a person (B) instigates,
controls and finances proceedings brought in the name of A, there may be
circumstances in which it is legitimate to assimilate the party A and the non-
party B, and to treat any means of service available against A, as available
also against B._ This is so where B in reality brought the main proceedings
and there has in effect been a submission to the jurisdiction by B. I derive
this principle from paragraph 33 of Lord Mance’s opinion. Although the
expression alter ego may be used to describe B’s relationship with A, I do not
read Lord Mance in _Masri_ as confining the use of GCR O 11 r 9(2) to the
alter ego of a one ship Panamanian company. Lord Mance plainly regarded the
type of case that would fall within the principle as narrow, but he was not
concerned in _Masri_ to examine the extent of the circumstances in which it
might be legitimate to assimilate the party A and the non-party B, because an
application for an order under CPR r 71.2 plainly did not fall within the
principle or CPR r 6.30(2).

I do not accept Mr Hubble’s submissions to the extent that he seeks to narrow
the limited jurisdiction further by confining it to the case of an alter ego
or the alter ego of a one ship Panamanian Company [_sic_].

[emphasis added]

103 Against that background, we turn to the position in Singapore. O 11 r 8(1)
in its current form came into force on 1 February 1992 (see Rules of the
Supreme Court (Amendment No 3) Rules 1991 (S 532/1991)). Before 1992, the
equivalent provision was O 11 r 9(4) of the Rules of the Supreme Court 1970,
which stated as follows:

Service out of jurisdiction of any summons, notice or order issued, given or
made in any proceedings is permissible with the leave of the Court.

104 The question is whether the addition of the clause “but leave shall not be
required in any proceedings in which leave for service of the originating
process has already been granted” (“the 1991 Amendment”) was intended to allow
a party to serve summonses, notices or orders out of jurisdiction without
first obtaining leave specifically to serve process on _non-parties_ , even if
it related to substantive proceedings for which leave to serve on the parties
had already been obtained. If so, this would have far-reaching effects that
extend beyond the EJD context. For example, O 11 r 8(1) would also allow
parties to serve an order for discovery or interrogatories against non-parties
(see O 24 r 6(2) and O 26A r 1(2) respectively) out of jurisdiction without
leave.

105 We do not think that this could have been the intention of the Rules
Committee. The 1991 Amendment must be understood in the light of its purpose.
Between 1991 and 1993, our civil procedure rules underwent a raft of reforms
aimed at expediting court processes, increasing efficiency and reducing the
backlog of cases that had accumulated in the preceding years (see Jeffrey
Pinsler, “Reforms in Civil Procedure: An Analysis of the Amendments to the
Rules of Court” in _Review of Judicial and Legal Reforms in Singapore between
1990 and 1995_ (Butterworths Asia, 1996) at pp 12 and 79). Given this
backdrop, it seems to us that the rationale underlying the 1991 Amendment was
to eliminate duplicative applications for leave – where leave to serve the
originating process on a defendant abroad had already been granted, the issue
of whether this was an appropriate case to exercise extraterritorial
jurisdiction over _that particular defendant_ would have already been
considered, and it would be unnecessary and inefficient to require leave to be
sought repeatedly for overseas service of every subsequent document in the
proceedings.

106 However, this rationale does not apply to a _non-party_ to the
proceedings, in relation to whom the basis for exercising extraterritorial
jurisdiction has yet to be established. Transocean’s argument – that any
concerns about extraterritoriality would have already been addressed when
leave for service abroad of the originating process had been obtained – is not
correct, because such leave would have been granted by the court on the basis
that the defendant identified in the leave application was a party to a claim
that was sufficiently connected to Singapore. Different considerations would
apply in relation to an individual who is not a party to the claim.

107 Consequently, adopting a purposive interpretation of O 11 r 8(1), we hold
that it does _not_ dispense with the need for leave where a summons, notice or
order is sought to be served out of jurisdiction on a non-party. In our
judgment, the phrase “any proceedings in which leave for service of the
originating process has already been granted” requires the court to consider
what leave had already been granted in those proceedings and, in particular,
the persons in respect of whom such leave has been granted. If leave for
overseas service had not previously been granted in respect of an individual
or entity that is not a party to the suit, then leave would need to be sought
afresh under O 11 r 8(1) for service out of the jurisdiction on that
individual.

108 To overcome this distinction between parties and non-parties, Transocean
contends that company officers should not be considered non-parties for the
purposes of EJD orders because such orders are directed to them in their
capacity as officers of the judgment debtor; they are simply the
personification of the judgment debtor for the purposes of EJD proceedings.
But we are unable to see how we can ignore the separate legal personality of
company officers when the EJD orders are addressed to them _personally_ , with
penal consequences for them _personally_ if they do not comply. Unless there
is evidence that the officer in question is in fact the _alter ego_ of the
company (as was the case in _The Ikarian Reefer_) or possibly where there is
clear evidence that the officer in question “instigates, controls and
finances” the litigation brought in the name of the corporate party to such a
degree that it would be unjust to allow him to rely upon the separate
corporate personality, any attempt to characterise company officers as parties
to the proceedings would be untenable. There was no question of any such
exception availing in this matter.

109 Thus, we hold that Transocean must apply for leave in order to serve the
EJD Orders out of jurisdiction on the Directors, and this requirement cannot
be circumvented by applying for leave to effect substituted service of the EJD
Orders on Burgundy’s lawyers in Singapore as was done in this instance. The
question then is whether leave should retrospectively be granted to
Transocean.

Should leave be granted to Transocean to serve the EJD Orders out of
jurisdiction?

110 We accept that in principle, leave to serve a summons, order or notice out
of jurisdiction can be granted retrospectively (as was done in _The Ikarian
Reefer_). This stems from the court’s power under O 2 r 1(2) to “make such
order … dealing with the proceedings generally as it thinks fit” where there
has been a failure to comply with the ROC.

111 In our judgment, however, the discretion to grant leave to serve an EJD
order out of jurisdiction is one that must be exercised sparingly. As we noted
in _PT Bakrie Investindo v Global Distressed Alpha Fund 1 Ltd Partnership_
[2013] 4 SLR 1116 at [16], the predominant purpose of an EJD order is to
obtain information to assist the judgment creditor in executing his judgment.
In this respect it is very similar to a subpoena – both are orders directed at
persons who might not necessarily be parties to the suit requiring them to
provide relevant information to the court. Both are equally intrusive in that
they generally require the person against whom the order is made to attend
court personally. We note that under O 38 r 16(2), a person served with a
subpoena to produce documents could sufficiently comply by causing the
documents to be produced without attending personally; no such option exists
in the ROC for a person served with an EJD order. We also return here to the
observation we have made at [82] above, which is that even though the
application for leave might appear to be one that is directed at invoking the
court’s personal jurisdiction over the non-party in question, that is only
anterior to the further question of whether this will ultimately entail the
exercise of exorbitant substantive jurisdiction to an impermissible degree.

112 Having said that, we do not think it would be appropriate to lay down
strict or exhaustive rules as to when a court may exercise its discretion to
allow service abroad of an EJD order. The fundamental question is whether the
foreign officer is so closely connected to the substantive claim that the
Singapore court is justified in taking jurisdiction over him. We nevertheless
make two tentative points. First, as the whole point of an EJD order is to
obtain information about the judgment debtor’s finances, the extent of the
foreign officer’s knowledge of his company’s financial affairs will be an
important threshold consideration. Parties should not be allowed to haul
before the court a foreign officer who is unlikely to possess any relevant
information. But even if a foreign officer has relevant information, that fact
alone would generally be insufficient; after all, the same could be said about
any individual sought to be subpoenaed to give evidence. Something more would
be required. For example, the court might wish to consider the extent of the
foreign officer’s involvement in the matters relating to the claim. It might
be easier to justify invoking the court’s jurisdiction over a foreign officer
who has played a key role in the events giving rise to the judgment creditor’s
successful claim. Ultimately, the duty is on the judgment creditor to persuade
the court that this is a proper case to grant leave to serve out of the
jurisdiction.

113 In the present case, there was simply not enough material before us to
justify the exercise of our discretion. The only evidence that Transocean
referred us to was an affidavit sworn by Mr Rogelio T Serafica (“Mr Serafica”)
in support of the Directors’ application to stay the execution of the EJD
Orders. The relevant paragraphs state:

17\. I also wish to inform the Honourable Court that _apart from myself, none
of the other Applicants have any knowledge of the activities and assets of the
Company._ In addition, the Plaintiff had prior knowledge of the other officers
whom they had transacted with our company [_sic_] during and after the
negotiations …. Some names of all of our former officers were clearly
mentioned by the Plaintiff’s personnel in their Affidavits.

18\. I thus have reason to believe that the Plaintiff are including the
members of my family in the EJD Order knowing fully well that they are not
officers who are knowledgable [_sic_] on the case and transactions. If the
Plaintiffs would wish to know the detailed financial position and condition of
the company, the correct person to call would be our official external Auditor
Mr. Diosdado M. Perez and the current finance officer Ms. Rowena C. Borja.

[emphasis added]

Relying on Mr Serafica’s statement that “apart from himself”, none of the
Directors have any knowledge of the company’s activities and assets,
Transocean argued that leave should be granted at least with respect to Mr
Serafica.

114 In the first place, we do not consider it legitimate for Transocean to
rely on this affidavit of Mr Serafica, which was filed _after_ Transocean was
(wrongly) granted leave to effect substituted service of the EJD Orders. This
affidavit would not have been available at the stage where Transocean would
have been required to apply for leave to serve the EJD Orders abroad, and
Transocean ought not now to be in a position to rely on it in its application
for leave to be granted retrospectively. But even if the contents of Mr
Serafica’s affidavit were taken into account, we have already noted that the
mere fact that an officer has some information about the company’s finances
would normally not be sufficient to justify the court’s exercise of its
jurisdiction extraterritorially over that officer. No other evidence was
provided by Transocean as to why we should exercise our discretion in this
case, aside from some assertions by counsel that Mr Serafica had been
intimately involved in the initial stages of the proceedings. For these
reasons, we do not think that this is a proper case for granting leave.

115 Aside from this, we also voice our reservations about allowing Transocean
to effect substituted service of the EJD Orders by serving them on
_Burgundy’s_ lawyers in Singapore. It seems to us that upholding this novel
mode of substituted service could pave the way for parties to use this as a
shortcut to serve documents on foreign persons who hold senior positions in a
company by serving the documents on the company’s lawyers instead. But we need
not decide this point as we set aside the order for substituted service of the
EJD Orders on the ground that leave for service out of jurisdiction had not
been obtained.

Conclusion

116 For the foregoing reasons, CA 48/2013 and CA 55/2013 are both allowed. We
reduce Transocean’s award of damages to the sum of US$55,001.46 and set aside
AR Yeo’s order allowing substituted service of the EJD Orders.

117 Burgundy and the Directors shall have their costs here and below and these
are to be taxed if not agreed. There will also be the usual consequential
orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 May 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

