Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Cheong Chun Yin _v_ Attorney-General  
[2014] SGHC 124

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 25 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 June 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ravi (L F Violet Netto) for the applicant; Francis Ng,
Chee Min Ping and Marcus Foo Guo Wen (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent  
Parties| :|  Cheong Chun Yin — Attorney-General  
  
27 June 2014|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 This matter, Originating Summons No 25 of 2014 (“OS 25/2014”), is an
application by Cheong Chun Yin (“the Applicant”) for leave to commence
judicial review proceedings against the Public Prosecutor (“PP”). The
application arose out of the PP’s determination that the Applicant had not
substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) in disrupting drug
trafficking activities within or outside Singapore (“the negative substantive
assistance determination”) and the PP’s consequential decision not to certify
to a court, pursuant to s 33B(2)_(b)_ of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), that the Applicant had substantively assisted the CNB in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore (“the non-
certification decision”). The Applicant sought leave to apply for

(a) quashing orders in respect of both the negative substantive assistance
determination and the non-certification decision;

(b) a mandatory order enjoining the PP to make a fresh determination on
substantive assistance; and

(c) a declaration that s 33(B)(4) of the MDA does not operate to “debar any
inquiry by the Court that may be necessary for the Court to decide whether the
Public Prosecutor has acted within his statutory authority or
jurisdiction”.[note: 1]

2 The Attorney-General (“the Respondent”) opposes the application. At the
hearing on 11 April 2014, I dismissed the Applicant’s leave application. The
Applicant has filed an appeal against my decision and I now set out the
grounds for my decision.

Background Facts Leading to OS 25/2014

3 On 16 June 2008, the Applicant and a female, Pang Siew Fum (“Pang”), were
arrested following surveillance conducted by the CNB. CNB officers observed
the Applicant collecting a luggage bag from the Arrival Hall of Changi
International Airport (“the luggage bag”) after arriving in Singapore on a
flight from Myanmar. The Applicant was thereafter seen passing the luggage bag
to Pang before they left the airport separately. CNB officers subsequently
arrested the Applicant and Pang.

4 Pang had the luggage bag in her possession at the time of her arrest. When
the CNB officers searched the luggage bag, they discovered a modified base,
beneath which a large packet was concealed. The packet contained white powdery
substance which was later ascertained to be 2,726 grams of diamorphine.

5 The Applicant and Pang were subsequently charged jointly with being in
possession of not less than 2,726 grams of diamorphine for the purpose of
trafficking, an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA punishable
with death because of the quantity of the diamorphine involved. Both claimed
trial.

6 At the trial, the Applicant was represented by Mr Ramesh Tiwary and Mr
Adrian Chong. The Applicant’s defence was that he did not know that the
luggage bag contained diamorphine. He claimed that one “Lau De” in Malaysia
had asked him to carry gold bars into Singapore. He claimed that he travelled
from Malaysia to Myanmar at the request of Lau De and that he was handed the
luggage bag in Myanmar. He maintained that he assumed that the luggage bag
contained gold bars. He subsequently brought the luggage bag to Singapore and
handed it to Pang.

7 Mr Tiwary cross-examined Assistant Superintendent Chan Gin Choong Gary (“ASP
Chan”) on the issue of CNB’s attempts to ascertain the identity of Lau De. ASP
Chan testified that he had screened the Malaysian phone numbers provided by
the Applicant. He stated that he had ascertained that the numbers were
registered under the names of one “Ali” and one “Chong Min Sin”. However, he
stated that he had not interviewed those two persons. Mr Tiwary did not elicit
any further information from ASP Chan, such as why he did not interview the
two persons. Neither did Mr Tiwary cross-examine any other Prosecution witness
on this issue.

8 At the close of the trial, in their written submissions, the Applicant’s
defence counsels urged the court to take into account the investigating
officers’ failure “to interview or question either of [those] 2 people to
ascertain the identity or whereabouts or involvement of Lau De.” They argued
that the effect of the omission was that the “court was deprived of the
evidence of both [those] witnesses as regards the identity and involvement of
Lau De”.[note: 2] The Prosecution, in its reply submissions, argued that the
existence or identity of Lau De was irrelevant since its case was that the
Applicant was wilfully blind to the presence of the drugs in the luggage bag.
In the alternative, it stated that it was relying on the statutory presumption
of knowledge of the drugs in s 18(2) of the MDA in which case, the material
issue was whether the Applicant had rebutted the presumption. It argued that

… [T]he onus is on Cheong to rebut the said presumption. He has sought to do
so by reference to the existence of one ‘Lau De’, in attempting to explain his
alleged belief that [the luggage bag] contained gold bars. As such, it is for
Cheong to adduce concrete information proving the existence of ‘Lau De’ if he
wishes to substantiate his defence. In the absence of any such additional
information, Cheong is hardly in a position to speculate… what such
information would show.[note: 3]

9 The trial judge found both the Applicant and Pang guilty and convicted them
accordingly. He rejected the Applicant’s defence in the following terms in his
written grounds (_Public Prosecutor v Pang Siew Fum and another_ [2010] SGHC
40 at [5]) (“ _Pang Siew Fum_ (HC)”):

The second accused testified that he was asked by one “Lau De” to help bring
gold bars to Singapore. He was handed a bag, supposedly to contain the gold,
in a hotel in Myanmar. He checked the bag but did not see any gold and he
assumed that the gold must be hidden in the suitcase somewhere. He did not
report to “Lau De” that he did not see any gold. I did not find his testimony
convincing and I was of the view that his evidence did not create any
reasonable doubt in my mind that he might not have known that he was carrying
heroin. It was immaterial that the CNB did not make adequate efforts to trace
“Lau De” or check on his cell-phones. The absence of any trace of “Lau De”…was
not taken as evidence in favour of or against either accused.

Following the conviction, the trial judge sentenced both the Applicant and
Pang to death on 4 February 2010.

10 Both the Applicant and Pang appealed against their conviction and sentence.
Their appeal was heard and dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 22 February
2011. In its written grounds, the court stated that the Applicant had failed
to rebut the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA: _Pang Siew Fum
& another v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] SGCA 5 at [83] – [99].

11 On 14 November 2012, Parliament passed the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Act
2012 (Act No. 30 of 2012) (“the Amendment Act”). The Amendment Act introduced
a new s 33B into the MDA with effect from 1 January 2013. The following parts
of s 33B are relevant to this application:

**Discretion of court not to impose sentence of death in certain
circumstances**

33B.—(1) Where a person commits or attempts to commit an offence under section
5(1) or 7, being an offence punishable with death under the sixth column of
the Second Schedule, and he is convicted thereof, the court —

_(a)_ may, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (2), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life
and, if the person is sentenced to life imprisonment, he shall also be
sentenced to caning of not less than 15 strokes; or

...

(2) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(_a_) are as follows:

_(a)_ the person convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that his
involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted —

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

_(b)_ the Public Prosecutor certifies to any court that, in his determination,
the person has substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore.

...

(4) The determination of whether or not any person has substantively assisted
the Central Narcotics Bureau in disrupting drug trafficking activities shall
be at the sole discretion of the Public Prosecutor and no action or proceeding
shall lie against the Public Prosecutor in relation to any such determination
unless it is proved to the court that the determination was done in bad faith
or with malice.

12 Section 27(6) of the Amendment Act allows a person, who has been convicted
of an offence under ss 5(1) or 7 of the MDA and sentenced to death, and whose
appeal against conviction and sentence has been dismissed by the Court of
Appeal before the coming into force of s 33B of the MDA, to apply to the High
Court to be re-sentenced in accordance with s 33B of the MDA. The following
parts of s 27 of the Amendment Act are relevant to this application:

**Savings and transitional provisions**

27\. …

(6) Where on the appointed day, the Court of Appeal has dismissed an appeal
brought by a person for a relevant offence, the following provisions shall
apply:

(_a_) the person may apply to the High Court to be re-sentenced in accordance
with section 33B of the principal Act;

(_b_) the High Court shall determine whether the requirements referred to in
section 33B of the principal Act are satisfied after hearing any further
arguments or admitting any further evidence, and —

(i) if the requirements referred to in section 33B of the principal Act are
not satisfied, affirm the sentence of death imposed on the person; or

(ii) if the requirements referred to in section 33B of the principal Act are
satisfied, re-sentence the person in accordance with that section;

…

(9) In this section —

“appointed day” means the date of commencement of this section;

“relevant offence” means an offence under section 5(1) or 7 of the principal
Act, or an attempt to commit an offence under section 5(1) or 7 of the
principal Act, and which offence is punishable by death under the sixth column
of the Second Schedule to the principal Act.

The “appointed day” in relation to s 27 of the Amendment Act is 1 January
2013. The offence for which the Applicant was convicted is a “relevant
offence”. To date, the Applicant has not applied for re-sentencing pursuant to
s 27(6)(_a_) of the Amendment Act.

13 The Respondent submitted that on 29 January 2013, the Prosecution invited
Mr Ravi, who now represents the Applicant, to forward to the Prosecution any
new information that was not previously provided to the CNB. The Respondent
stated that no such information was provided by Mr Ravi or the Applicant
thereafter.[note: 4] This is not disputed by the Applicant.

14 On 6 November 2013, the Prosecution informed Mr Ravi that the PP would not
be certifying that the Applicant had substantively assisted the CNB in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore.[note: 5]
On 9 January 2014, the Applicant filed OS 25/2014.

When will leave be granted to commence judicial review proceedings?

15 An applicant seeking judicial review must meet three conditions for leave
to be granted (_Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew v Attorney-General_ [2013] 1 SLR 619
at [5] and affirmed by the Court of Appeal ([2014] 1 SLR 345 at [5])):

(a) The subject matter must be susceptible to judicial review;

(b) The applicant must have sufficient interest or _locus standi_ in the
subject matter; and

(c) The material before the court must disclose an arguable case or _prima
facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought
by the applicant.

16 The Respondent accepted that the subject matter of this application is
susceptible to judicial review and that the Applicant has sufficient interest
in the matter to apply for judicial review. Accordingly, the only issue in
this application was whether the Applicant had made out an arguable or _prima
facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the prerogative
orders that he sought.

Applicant’s Submissions

17 The Applicant submitted that he was challenging the “legal validity” and
not the “correctness” of the PP’s negative substantive assistance
determination and the non-certification decision.[note: 6] He accepted that s
33B(4) of the MDA excludes the court’s jurisdiction to review the PP’s
decisions except on grounds of bad faith or malice. However he relied on _Re
Application by Yee Yut Ee_ [1977-1978] SLR(R) 490 at [18] – [31] and
_Stansfield Business International Pte Ltd v Minister for Manpower (formerly
known as Minister for Labour)_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) at [21] – [22] and argued that
such an exclusion clause does not oust the court’s power to review a decision
that is made in excess or lack of jurisdiction.[note: 7] He submitted that the
PP’s decisions were liable to be quashed because the PP committed errors of
law in the manner in which he made them which deprived him of the jurisdiction
conferred on him by s 33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA to make those decisions.

18 In brief, the Applicant submitted that the PP had committed the following
errors of law (although he advanced three different errors of law in his
written submissions, two of them are related and have accordingly been
consolidated):

(a) The PP had failed to make an “allowance” when assessing whether the
Applicant had substantively assisted the CNB in disrupting drug trafficking
activities within or outside Singapore to make up for the fact that the
information that the Applicant had provided was not adequately investigated at
that time and was now rendered worthless by the passage of time.[note: 8]

(b) The PP had failed to “give consideration to what value might have been
obtained from the information if it had been utilized”.[note: 9]

Failure to make “allowance” when making substantive assistance determination

19 The Applicant submitted that the amendments to the MDA have created a
“schism” between the way that CNB treated information provided by an accused
person prior to the enactment of s 33B of the MDA and the way that it treats
such information today.[note: 10] I believe that he was suggesting that
potential leads are more rigorously investigated now than they would have been
before the amendments to the MDA.

20 With respect to the present case, the Applicant claimed that the CNB did
not adequately follow up on the information that he had provided and that this
was confirmed by the trial judge’s statement in his grounds of decision that
“[i]t was immaterial that the CNB did not make adequate efforts to trace “Lau
De” or check on his cell-phones”. He submitted that CNB could have done more.
For example, he suggested that the investigating officer could have conducted
“forensic analysis” on the telephone numbers to “identify and trace incoming
and outgoing calls”. He stated that if this had been done promptly, the
persons under whose names the phone lines were registered could have been
traced and interviewed with the help of Malaysian law enforcement
authorities.[note: 11] He submitted that it was too late to do so now because
the information that the Applicant had provided the CNB was “time-sensitive”
and was now “essentially worthless”.[note: 12]

21 He further claimed that Parliament intended to create “an equal
dispensatory regime for the death penalty in the case of drug couriers who
have co-operated to the best of their abilities” when it put in place the
regime under which offenders who had been convicted and sentenced to death
prior to the enactment of s 33B could apply to the High Court to be re-
sentenced in accordance with s 33B.[note: 13] He argued that in order to give
effect to this intention, the PP must apply a different legal test when
assessing the assistance provided by an offender who had been convicted and
sentenced before the amendments and whose sentence is being reconsidered in
accordance with s 33B. He argued that the PP should have made an “allowance”
to make up for the difference in the way that the information that the accused
person provided would have been treated had he provided the same information
after the enactment of s 33B.[note: 14]

22 The Applicant also asserted that it was evident from the affidavit of State
Counsel Foo Guo Wen Marcus (“Marcus Foo’s affidavit”), which was filed on
behalf of the Respondent, that the PP had not made such an allowance.[note:
15] Therefore he argued that the PP’s negative substantive assistance
determination and the non-certification decision should be quashed.

PP’s failure to consider the potential value of the information provided by
the Applicant

23 The Applicant submitted that the PP committed an error of law by not
directing his mind to the question of whether the information that the
Applicant provided could have substantively assisted CNB in disrupting drug
trafficking activities within or outside Singapore. He claimed that prior to
the trial, the PP had made the determination that it was not relevant to
investigate the information that the Applicant had provided since it was not
pertinent to the issue of his guilt.[note: 16] Therefore he claimed that the
“information was never acted upon”.[note: 17] He further claimed that in order
to make up for this omission, the PP ought to have given “consideration to
what value might have been obtained from the information if it had been
utilised”.[note: 18] He argued that it could be deduced from Marcus Foo’s
affidavit that this was never done.

24 He pointed out that Marcus Foo’s affidavit simply restates the
Prosecution’s assertion in its reply submissions filed at the close of the
trial that the existence or identity of Lau De was irrelevant.[note: 19] He
pointed out that it does not go on to mention how the information that the
Applicant provided was assessed for the purpose of making the substantive
assistance determination. It also does not deny the Applicant’s assertion in
his affidavit that if the investigating officers had acted appropriately upon
the information provided, it was “indisputable” that it would have led to the
identification and possible arrest in Singapore or Malaysia of the person who
supplied the drugs to him.[note: 20]

25 In the circumstances, the Applicant submitted that it could be deduced that
the PP failed to consider the potential value of the information that he had
provided. Therefore, he argued that the PP’s negative substantive assistance
determination and the non-certification decision should be quashed.

The Court’s Decision

Procedural Issue

26 The Respondent argued that the Applicant’s prayer in this application for
leave to apply for a declaration pursuant to O 53 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) is procedurally flawed. The Respondent submitted that
an application for declaratory relief should only be made after leave to apply
for the prerogative order (_ie_ , mandatory order, prohibiting order and/or
quashing order) sought had been granted. In support, the Respondent relied
upon the Court of Appeal’s explanation of how O 53 should be construed at [53]
of _Vellama d/o Marie Muthu v Attorney-General_ [2013] 4 SLR 1. [note: 21] At
that paragraph, the Court stated:

… it is our judgment that the proper construction of O 53 should be such that
an applicant who wishes to obtain a prerogative order and a declaration under
this order must, first, obtain leave to make an application for a prerogative
order (O 53 r 1(1)(_b_)). In the same application he may also apply for
declaratory relief. Once leave is granted, and upon hearing the parties on the
substantive merits, the court may grant (a) any prerogative order and a
declaration; or (b) only a prerogative order without any declaration; or (c)
only the declaration without any prerogative order. … It is understandable why
O 53 does not permit the application for only declaratory relief because it is
essentially an order relating to the grant of prerogative orders. Indeed, if a
party only wishes to apply for freestanding declaratory relief he could have
done so under O 15 with less hassle as no leave of court is required for him
to proceed with his application. Of course, even though no leave is required
for an application for declaratory relief, he must still show that he has a
genuine basis to ask for the relief as the court is not obliged to answer
essentially academic questions.

27 It appears to me that the Court of Appeal was merely stating that a party
cannot apply for “freestanding declaratory relief” pursuant to O 53. Before a
party can obtain declaratory relief pursuant to O 53, it has to first obtain
leave to make an application for a prerogative order. Therefore, the Applicant
cannot be faulted for including an application for a declaration in this
application.

Review on grounds of jurisdictional error of law

28 The Applicant relied on the doctrine of jurisdictional error of law in an
apparent attempt to circumvent s 33B(4) of the MDA which limits the court’s
jurisdiction to review the PP’s decision as to whether any person had
substantively assisted the CNB in disrupting drug trafficking activities
within or outside Singapore.

29 There were two interrelated issues:

(a) First, whether it is permissible to review the PP’s negative substantive
assistance determination and the non-certification decision on the ground of
jurisdictional error of law notwithstanding s 33B(4) of the MDA.

(b) Second, whether the Applicant had succeeded in establishing an arguable
case or _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion that the PP had committed
errors of law that deprived him of the jurisdiction conferred on him by s
33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA to make the determination as to whether the Applicant
had substantively assisted the CNB in disrupting drug trafficking activities
within or outside Singapore.

For the Applicant to succeed, both questions have to be answered in the
affirmative.

30 If the Applicant wishes to be re-sentenced under the present MDA, he can
apply under s 27 of the Amendment Act (see [12] above). The court will make
its determination whether the requirements in s 33B are met after hearing any
further arguments or admitting any further evidence. The two conditions in s
33B(2)(_a_) and (_b_) are distinct from each other. The first requires proof
on a balance of probabilities by the Applicant that his role was that of a
mere courier in the drug trafficking. The second is in the sole discretion of
the PP.

31 It cannot be disputed that the PP has the sole discretion whether to
certify under s 33B(2)(_b_) and his exercise of discretion can only be
challenged on the grounds of bad faith and malice which must be proved by the
Applicant. The Respondent accepts that unconstitutionality, although not
expressly mentioned in s 33B(4), is the only other ground available to the
Applicant. This is correct because during the Second Reading of the Bill, the
Minister for Law, Mr K Shanmugam, said (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (14 November 2012) vol 89):

… the Public Prosecutor’s discretion is not unfettered. It is subject to
judicial review, either on bad faith or malice, which is expressly provided
for, and of course, unconstitutionality, which goes without saying.

There is therefore no separate ground of jurisdictional error of law available
to the Applicant.

32 In any case, the alleged errors of law amounted to no more than the
Applicant’s dissatisfaction over the way the CNB conducted its investigations
in this case. Presumably, the PP, in exercising his discretion whether to give
a certificate under s 33B(2)(_b_), would consider the views of the CNB about
the results of its investigations into any information or assistance provided
by the Applicant. How the CNB decides to conduct its investigations in each
case is not something which is within the purview of the courts under the
statutory scheme in s 33B unless the Applicant can show bad faith or malice on
the part of the CNB which may then potentially taint the PP’s decision. The
Applicant is practically asking the court to adjudicate on the adequacy of the
investigations and to speculate on what would have happened if the CNB had
done this or that. If the court accedes to this, I think the court will be
making a jurisdictional error.

33 There was no basis for saying that the information provided by the
Applicant was not adequately followed up anyway. The Applicant’s basis for
this assertion is essentially the trial judge’s statement that “[i]t was
immaterial that the CNB did not make adequate efforts to trace “Lau De” or
check on his cell-phones”. The main point that the trial judge was making at
[5] of _Pang Siew Fum_ (HC), where this statement is found, is that the
Applicant had actual knowledge that he was carrying heroin and that the
question of whether CNB had taken adequate efforts to trace Lau De was
immaterial. This was because, even if it was true that CNB could have located
Lau De if it had followed up on the information provided by the Applicant, it
would not have been relevant to the question of the Applicant’s guilt.[note:
22] The trial judge therefore did not make a finding of fact that the CNB’s
efforts to trace Lau De were inadequate.

34 In any event, the evidence led during the trial could not lead to the
conclusion that the CNB’s efforts in tracing Lau De were inadequate. All that
was uncovered at the trial was that the investigating officer had screened the
Malaysian phone numbers provided by the Applicant and had ascertained the
names under which the phone lines were registered. The investigating officer
admitted that he did not interview the two persons under whose names the phone
lines were registered. There was no further evidence led as to why the
investigating officer did not do so or that if he had done so, certain
outcomes would have been achieved.

Alleged violation of Article 12 of the Constitution

35 At the hearing before me, Mr Ravi raised, for the first time, the argument
that the PP’s negative substantive assistance determination and the non-
certification decision violated Article 12 of the Constitution of the Republic
of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the Constitution”).

36 In the context of executive actions, the equal protection clause in Article
12 is breached if “there is a deliberate and arbitrary discrimination against
a particular person. Arbitrariness implies a lack of any rationality” (_Public
Prosecutor v Ang Soon Huat_ [1990] SLR 915 at [22]). This test was applied by
the Court of Appeal in _Eng Foong Ho and others v Attorney-General_ [2009] 2
SLR(R) 542 in determining whether the acquisition by the Collector of Land
Revenue of property on which a temple was located and not the properties of a
nearby Mission and Church violated Article 12 of the Constitution.

37 In the present case, the Applicant failed to provide any evidence that the
PP deliberately and arbitrarily discriminated against him in making the
negative substantive assistance determination and the non-certification
decision. Therefore, the Applicant had not even established a _prima facie_
case of breach of Article 12 of the Constitution. Although the discretion to
issue the certificate of substantive assistance is a power conferred by
statute (_ie_ , s 33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA) as opposed to one conferred by the
Constitution, in view of the high constitutional office of the Attorney-
General as the PP, the courts should proceed on the basis that the PP
exercises his power in accordance with law unless shown otherwise (_ie_ ,
there is a presumption of constitutionality and/or legality): _Ramalingam
Ravinthran v Attorney-General_ [2012] 2 SLR 49 (“ _Ramalingam_ ”) at [45] –
[47]. The burden is on the Applicant here to show that there is a _prima
facie_ case of a breach of constitutional rights: see _Ramalingam_ at [70]. As
stated earlier, he has failed to discharge this burden.

Conclusion

38 For the reasons set out above, I dismissed the Applicant’s application for
leave to commence judicial review proceedings against the PP. The Respondent
agreed that both parties would bear their own costs for this application.

* * *

[note: 1]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 2

[note: 2]Affidavit of Foo Guo Wen, Marcus at pp 61 – 62

[note: 3]Affidavit of Foo Guo Wen, Marcus at pp 73 – 74

[note: 4]Respondent’s Written Submission at para 13

[note: 5]Respondent’s Written Submission at para 14

[note: 6]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 16

[note: 7]Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 66 – 69

[note: 8]Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 30 – 51

[note: 9]Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 22 – 29; Applicant’s
Rebuttal of Respondent’s Reply Submissions at p 3

[note: 10]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 34

[note: 11]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 45

[note: 12]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 31

[note: 13]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 33

[note: 14]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 33

[note: 15]Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 34 – 35

[note: 16]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 23

[note: 17]Applicant’s Rebuttal of Respondent’s Reply Submissions at p 2

[note: 18]Applicant’s Rebuttal of Respondent’s Reply Submissions at p 3

[note: 19]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 29

[note: 20]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 29

[note: 21]Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 23

[note: 22]Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 58

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Jun 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

