Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AmFraser Securities Pte Ltd _v_ Goh Chengyu  
[2014] SGHCR 14

Case Number| :| Suit No 88 of 2014 (Summons No 2025 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 July 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Colin Seow AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Low Chai Chong, Zulkarnain Abdul Rahim, Alvin Liong and
Ian Ong (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Philip Fong and Nicklaus Tan
(Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  AmFraser Securities Pte Ltd — Goh Chengyu  
  
29 July 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Colin Seow AR:

Introduction

1 This is a summary judgment application taken out by AmFraser Securities Pte
Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) for final judgment to be entered against Mr Goh Chengyu
(“the Defendant”) in Suit No 88 of 2014. At the end of the hearing for the
application, I reserved judgment as interesting questions of law pertaining to
the use of conclusive evidence clauses in a securities trading context which
merit closer analysis were raised in the course of submissions by counsel. I
now give my decision with grounds attached.

Background of the dispute

2 The Plaintiff is a company which provides _inter alia_ stockbroking services
in retail and institutional securities. On 18 January 2013, by way of an
account opening document (the “application form”) entitled “Application for
Opening of Trading Account (Individual)”,[note: 1] the Defendant applied to
the Plaintiff requesting the opening of a securities trading account under
which the Plaintiff was to provide trading and dealing services to the
Defendant. Pursuant to paragraph 10 of the application form, the Defendant
agreed to be bound by _inter alia_ the Plaintiff’s standard terms and
conditions contained in a separate document entitled “Terms and Conditions for
Operation of Securities Trading Account” (hereafter “the OSTA Terms and
Conditions”). In the application form, one Mr Heng Gim Teoh (“HGT”) was named
as the “trading representative” under the proposed securities trading account.
Following the Plaintiff’s approval of the Defendant’s application, the
Defendant’s securities trading account (“the trading account”) was opened on
22 January 2013.

3 Following a dispute between the parties, the Plaintiff filed Suit No 88 of
2014 on 22 January 2014 against the Defendant claiming _inter alia_ a sum of
$1,888,954.60 which the Plaintiff avers was outstanding as at 13 December 2013
(hereafter “the sum claimed”). According to the Plaintiff, the sum claimed
accrued as a result of “various dealings in investments and transactions made
by the Plaintiff on behalf of the Defendant”.[note: 2] It is not disputed that
the “investments and transactions” referred to were purchases of shares in
Blumont Limited, Asiasons Capital Limited and International Healthway
Corporation Limited on or around 2 October 2013 (hereafter “the Disputed
Investments”). With respect to the Disputed Investments, the Plaintiff claims
that they had been properly carried out on behalf of the Defendant.

4 The Defendant denies the Plaintiff’s claim. In his Defence and Counterclaim,
the Defendant avers _inter alia_ that the Disputed Investments were carried
out without his prior knowledge and authority.[note: 3] In particular, the
Defendant claims that he only came to know about the Disputed Investments on 5
October 2013 when he was perusing a contract note which he received from
Singapore Exchange Limited (SGX) indicating that purchases of shares in
Blumont Limited, Asiasons Capital Limited and International Healthway
Corporation Limited have been booked under the trading account on or around 2
October 2013.[note: 4] Following the Defendant’s alleged discovery of the
Disputed Investments, the Defendant arranged for a meeting (“the First
Meeting”) with HGT to take place on 7 October 2013 at the Defendant’s office,
allegedly for the purpose of making inquiries regarding the Disputed
Investments.

5 The First Meeting was attended by the Defendant, HGT, one Mr Goh Yee Gee
(the Defendant’s uncle) (“GYG”) and one Mr Goh Rong Cheng (the Defendant’s
paternal cousin, who is also known as Lucas Goh) (“GRC”). According to the
Defendant, HGT admitted during the First Meeting that (a) he had increased the
trading account limit without the Defendant’s authorisation, instruction or
knowledge and (b) he had without the Defendant’s authority or instructions
used the trading account to book the Disputed Investments on behalf of one Mr
Lim Lin Ken (“LLK”). HGT also allegedly assured the Defendant during the First
Meeting that the Defendant would not have to be responsible for the losses
which have been incurred under the Disputed Investments.

6 After the First Meeting, the Defendant arranged for another meeting (“the
Second Meeting”) to take place – this time at the Plaintiff’s office premises
on 10 October 2013 – to “discuss” the Disputed Investments.[note: 5] The
Second Meeting was attended by the Plaintiff’s executive director Mr Lim Wing
How (“LWH”), one of the Plaintiff’s compliance officers Mr Chen Moh Yong
(“CMY”), the Defendant, GYG, GRC and HGT. At the Second Meeting, the Defendant
informed LWH that the Disputed Transactions were entered into without the
Defendant’s authority, and HGT allegedly admitted once again that he had
carried out the Disputed Investments for LLK without the Defendant’s
knowledge.[note: 6] The Defendant further avers that at one point during the
Second Meeting, HGT was cut off by LWH while he (HGT) was making his
admission, because LWH did not want HGT to finish giving his
explanation.[note: 7]

7 The Plaintiff does not appear to deny that the First Meeting and the Second
Meeting did in fact take place. However, the Plaintiff disputes the
Defendant’s account that HGT had made admissions in relation to the Disputed
Investments. At this juncture, I pause to observe that HGT has since the time
the dispute has arisen between the Plaintiff and the Defendant formally
affirmed a statutory declaration pursuant to the Oaths and Declarations Act
(Cap 211, 2001 Rev Ed) stating that at no point in time has he ever admitted
to carrying out the Disputed Investments without the Defendant’s prior
authorisation. In his statutory declaration, HGT stated as follows:[note: 8]

…

4 … I wish to state that I have never stated that the [Disputed Investments]
were carried out without the explicit authorisation of [the Defendant]. As is
the case with all my clients, I will verify the caller’s name and NRIC number
whenever a client calls me and requests that I execute a transaction on his
behalf.

5 Practically speaking, I will definitely require the caller’s full name and
NRIC number in order to know which trading account the client is talking
about.

6 In fact, on previous occasions, I have obtained similar instructions from
[the Defendant] via telephone as well.

…

8 For completeness, it should be pointed out that HGT’s statutory declaration,
which was tendered before this court in the hearing, was affirmed on pain of
potentially severe criminal penalties should it ever transpire that he has
made a false statutory declaration (see section 14(1) of the Oaths and
Declarations Act (Cap 211, 2001 Rev Ed)).

9 The Plaintiff also disputes the Defendant’s account of what had actually
transpired during the Second Meeting. LWH, for instance, has deposed in an
affidavit denying having cut off HGT during the Second Meeting.[note: 9] In
fact, LWH categorically refutes the Defendant’s allegation that HGT has
admitted to carrying out the Disputed Investments without the Defendant’s
knowledge and authority.[note: 10] In this last regard, I should also add that
CMY has also deposed in an affidavit corroborating the position taken by
LWH.[note: 11]

10 At the hearing before me, there was nothing on record which objectively
confirms or denies the existence of LLK.

The case theories and arguments

11 In the course of the hearing, two competing case theories emerged from
counsel’s arguments. The Plaintiff’s case theory, simply put, paints the
Defendant as a bad client who is trying to evade his contractual obligations
to pay the Plaintiff for its services by disclaiming investments which
although were properly made on his behalf, had gone south. In support of this
case theory, Plaintiff’s counsel drew this court’s attention to the trading
account statements showing that the Defendant has been investing profitably in
shares in Blumont Limited, Asiasons Capital Limited and International
Healthway Corporation Limited for several months before the Disputed
Investments were made.[note: 12] It was pointed out to this court that no
issues of knowledge and authority in respect of those investments were raised
by the Defendant when those investments were making gains; by contrast, the
Disputed Investments which the Defendant is complaining about are investments
that have suffered severe losses.[note: 13] By raising this point to the
court, I take Plaintiff’s counsel to be suggesting that the Defendant’s
complaints regarding the lack of his knowledge and authorisation in respect of
the Disputed Investments are an afterthought.

12 The Defendant’s case theory, as can already be gleaned from above, is
principally that the Disputed Investments were entered into by HGT without the
Defendant’s prior knowledge or authorisation. Regarding the Plaintiff’s
suggestion that the Defendant is now complaining about the Disputed
Investments only because those investments have made severe losses,
Defendant’s counsel countered by alluding to parts of the trading account
statements showing that the Defendant has previously on occasion also made
some losses that were not insubstantial in the months preceding the Disputed
Investments. Yet, the Defendant did not raise any issue over his knowledge and
authorisation in respect of those other loss-making investments. Defendant’s
counsel argues that if the Defendant is indeed a client whose motive is that
ascribed by the Plaintiff, why would the Defendant not also have complained
about those other investments as well? This – so the argument goes – together
with HGT’s alleged admissions in the First Meeting and Second Meeting raise
issues which ought to be tried before a judge. Accordingly, Defendant’s
counsel submits that summary judgment should not be granted in favour of the
Plaintiff.

13 Admittedly, the application before me could have been much more
straightforward if not for the reliance placed by the Plaintiff on _inter
alia_ several contractual provisions found in OSTA Terms and Condition which
sparked a rather spirited debate between Plaintiff’s counsel and Defendant’s
counsel in the hearing before me. The key contractual provisions relied on are
clauses 10.1, 11, 17.1, 27.1 and 29.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions which
are reproduced below:

10.1 The [Defendant] shall on demand pay to [the Plaintiff] such sums of money
to enable [the Plaintiff] to discharge any liability incurred or to be
incurred in connection with Transactions effected or to be effected for the
Account(s) and shall on demand reimburse [the Plaintiff] all costs, charges,
and expenses incurred by [the Plaintiff] in connection therewith including
legal costs on a full indemnity basis.

[…]

11 The [Defendant] agrees to pay interest on all amounts owed by the
[Defendant] to [the Plaintiff] after as well as before judgment at such rate
or rates and on such periodic rests as [the Plaintiff] shall determine from
time to time, from the due date of payment of such amounts until receipt of
payments thereof by [the Plaintiff].

[…]

17.1 The [Defendant] hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless [the
Plaintiff] in full and upon demand from and against all actions, claims,
liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including without limitation
legal fees and costs on a full indemnity basis) whatsoever arising directly or
indirectly out of (a) any action taken (or omitted to be taken) in good faith
by [the Plaintiff] pursuant to any instruction, notice or request by the
[Defendant] and/or the Authorised Person or pursuant to the Agreement; (b)
claims of third parties which may be brought or asserted in respect of any
Securities deposited with [the Plaintiff], or against [the Plaintiff] by
reason of its holding or having received or held such Securities from the
[Defendant] under or pursuant to the Agreement to (c) the enforcement of any
of the [Defendant’s] obligations and liabilities under the Agreement and/or
the recovery of any sums owed by the [Defendant] under or relating to the
Agreement.

[…]

27.1 The [Defendant] confirms that in the purchase and/or sale of any
Securities under the Account(s) by **any representative** on the [Defendant’s]
and/or the **Authorised Person’s** instructions or though without their
instructions but with their consent and/or authority (expressed, implied or
otherwise) and/or knowledge, such **representative** shall be _deemed to be
the [Defendant’s] agent_ whether or not such **representative** is deemed to
be engaged or employed by the [Defendant] in law. _The [Defendant] will, as
between [the Plaintiff] and the [Defendant], be liable for all purchases and
sales of Securities executed by the_** _representative_** _for the Account_
regardless of whether the **representative** would also be liable to [the
Plaintiff] for the same _and the [Defendant] shall be liable to [the
Plaintiff] for all costs, expenses, damages, losses, fees, charges, rates or
duties which may be incurred by [the Plaintiff] in respect of all such
Securities transacted_. In addition, the [Defendant] confirms that in the
purchase and/or sale of any Securities under the Account(s) by any
**representative** , such **representative** shall be _deemed to be the
[Defendant’s] agent and [the Plaintiff] is entitled to assume that as between
[the Plaintiff] and the [Defendant] (i) any order said by the_**
_representative_** _to be intended to be executed for the [Defendant] is so
intended; and (ii) every order executed by the_** _representative_** _for the
[Defendant] is the order intended to be executed by the [Defendant]_.

[…]

29.1 [The Plaintiff] will provide the [Defendant] with a written contract
note/statement of each Securities Transaction effected in relation to the
Account(s). _Such contract note and/or statement shall be conclusive and
binding against the [Defendant] unless objection in writing addressed to the
General Manager of [the Plaintiff] is received from the [Defendant] to [the
Plaintiff] within 7 calendar days from the date of such contract
note/statement_.

[emphasis in italics and bold added]

14 The Plaintiff relies heavily on clause 27.1 in the present application,
arguing that it is entitled to deem HGT to be the Defendant’s agent under the
Disputed Investments. On this argument, it would follow that the Plaintiff is
also entitled to assume that the Disputed Investments carried out by HGT were
in fact intended to be carried out by the Defendant. Accordingly, the
Defendant is responsible for the purchase of securities made under the
Disputed Investments, and hence liable to pay the Plaintiff “all costs,
expenses, damages, losses, fees, charges, rates or duties which may be
incurred by [the Plaintiff] in respect of all such Securities transacted”
(_ie_ , the sum claimed in Suit 88 of 2014). In this regard, Plaintiff’s
counsel has urged this court to consider the case of _Fraser Securities Pte
Ltd v Seet Ai Kiang and Others_ [2004] SGHC 9 (“ _Fraser Securities Pte Ltd v
Seet Ai Kiang_ ”) where contractual clauses substantially identical to _inter
alia_ clause 27.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions were favourably examined
and upheld by the High Court (see _Fraser Securities Pte Ltd v Seet Ai Kiang_
at [30]-[35]).

15 Plaintiff’s counsel has also argued that in any event the conclusive
evidence clause contained in clause 29.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions
operates against the Defendant because the Defendant has failed to tender his
objection to the Disputed Investments in writing within the stipulated seven
calendar days.

16 The Defendant’s specific arguments in response to the Plaintiff’s
application are as follows. Defendant’s counsel argues that there is a
threshold issue as to whether HGT is an “Authorised Person” or a
“representative” under clause 27.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions. This
issue, Defendant’s counsel avers, involves a question of fact.[note: 14]
Defendant’s counsel also argues that in construing the OSTA Terms and
Conditions, any ambiguity arising therefrom must be construed _contra
proferentum_ against the Plaintiff given that the Plaintiff is the drafter of
the OSTA Terms and Conditions.[note: 15]

17 In respect of the conclusive evidence clause contained in clause 29.1 of
the OSTA Terms and Conditions, Defendant’s counsel advanced two arguments.
First, it is argued that the conclusive evidence clause does not operate in
the present case because the Plaintiff has waived the requirement for
objections to be made in writing within the contractually stipulated seven
days when it agreed to meet the Defendant at the Second Meeting to discuss the
Defendant’s complaint about the Disputed Investments (see [6] above). In this
regard, Defendant’s counsel points out that LWH has stated in his own
affidavit that, upon hearing the Defendant’s complaint during the Second
Meeting, he (LWH) informed the Defendant that “more time would be needed to
establish full facts”.[note: 16] Defendant’s counsel argues that by virtue of
this statement made by LWH during the Second Meeting, the Plaintiff is now
estopped from denying that the Defendant did not properly object to the
Disputed Investments under clause 29.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions
because it had “made a clear and unequivocal representation that it would not
enforce its rights to have the Defendant’s objection in writing”.[note: 17]

18 Second, it is argued that as a matter of law it would be unreasonable and
contrary to public policy for the Plaintiff to rely on the conclusive evidence
clause to shift the risk and liability of unauthorised transactions made by
HGT to the Defendant. In support of this argument, Defendant’s counsel relied
principally on _Jiang Ou v EFG Bank AG_ [2011] 4 SLR 246 (“ _Jiang Ou v EFG
Bank_ ”) where Steven Chong J stated _inter alia_ at [122]:

122 Individuals and corporations entrust banks and employees of banks with
their savings and investments. Public confidence in the banking system is
therefore fundamental to the integrity of the system and is no doubt founded
upon mutual trust and a reasonable expectation of honest dealings by employees
of banks. _Shifting the attendant risk and liability for the fraud or wilful
misconduct of employees of banks by way of conclusive evidence clauses,
strikes at the very heart of the presumed integrity of the system. The
negative impact on public confidence and trust in the modern banking system
would, in my view, render such clauses to be unreasonable under [the Unfair
Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed)] as well as void as a matter of
public policy_.

[emphasis added]

19 Mindful that _Jiang Ou v EFG Bank_ was decided in the context of a _bank-
customer_ relationship, Defendant’s counsel further argues that the same
considerations ought to apply to conclusive evidence clauses in the securities
trading industry as well, citing the case of _Kwek Hock Hee and Another v Tat
Lee Securities Pte Ltd and Another_ [1999] SGHC 143 (“ _Kwek Hock Hee v Tat
Lee Securities Pte Ltd_ ”) where Warren Khoo J made the following observations
in relation to the securities trading industry framework:

[…] I think it is legitimate to have regard for the public interest aspect of
the laws and regulations governing the operation of the stock exchange and
member companies. Trading in securities is regulated by the Securities
Industry Act and the rules, bye-laws and regulations of the stock exchange.
_These laws and regulations are designed to create an environment in which the
public can trade in shares and securities in safety and with confidence. The
Act, in s 16 requires that the exchange have rules to ensure that only people
with integrity and who conduct their business fairly and honestly be allowed
to be members. The bye-laws of the exchange in turn require that only persons
of integrity and competence may be appointed as dealer’s representatives_. A
dealer’s representative must also be licensed under the Act. There is a
disciplinary committee to inquire into infractions of the rules and
regulations of the exchange and complaints of conduct “unbecoming or
inconsistent with just and equitable principles of trade or detrimental to the
interests of the exchange or the investing public.” _The aim is obviously to
instil professionalism and good discipline in the industry_.

_The bye-laws of the exchange contain elaborate rules to ensure that the
business of a member company is conducted in accordance with best business
practice. They require member companies to diligently supervise all accounts
handled by their dealer’s representatives._ In the case of remisiers, the
standard agency agreement between them and the company allow the company to
give directions for the proper conduct of the remisier’s trading activities.
The bye-laws also require member companies to conduct regular checks,
verifications and reconciliations of accounts and stock positions. _All these
are to ensure that irregularities within the organisation, whether by a
company’s direct employees or by remisiers, can be prevented or detected, and
the investor’s interests safeguarded._

_In the light of the purpose and object of the legislative and regulatory
framework […] it seems to me to be quite against public policy to allow member
companies of the exchange, by whatever means, to shift the responsibility for
any fraud (be it by a direct employee or a remisier) to the investor. I would
be surprised if such a device would ever be allowed._ […]

[emphasis added]

The decision

20 The law pertaining to applications for summary judgment under O 14 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) is well settled and need
not be restated here. In the light of the arguments canvassed by the parties,
I find that the critical issue in the present application is whether clauses
27.1 and 29.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions preclude a finding by this
court that the Defendant “has a fair case for defence or reasonable grounds
for setting up a defence, or even a fair probability that he has a _bona fide_
defence” (see _Habibullah Mohamed Yousuff v Indian Bank_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 880
at [21]), or a finding by this court that “there is an issue of question in
dispute which ought to be tried or that there ought for some other reason to
be a trial” (see O 14 r 3(1) ROC).

Clause 27.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions

21 I deal first with Defendant’s counsel’s contention that there is a
threshold question of _fact_ as to whether HGT is an “Authorised Person” or a
“representative” under clause 27.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions (see [16]
above). On a plain construction of the application form and the OSTA Terms and
Conditions, I find that there is no ambiguity as to where HGT falls under
clause 27.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions. “Authorised Person” is defined
under clause 1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions as “any person(s) authorised
in writing by the [Defendant] to perform any Transaction in the Account”.
“Transaction”, in turn, is defined in the same clause as:

[…] a transaction on or in respect of the [Defendant’s] Securities trading
account carried out in connection with _any request made by the [Defendant] or
Authorised Person_ orally or in writing to buy, sell or otherwise deal in
Securities or deal with the monies in the Account or perform any transaction
relating to the Account, and includes any transaction carried out by the
[Defendant] using the DMA Services. [emphasis added]

22 The fact that a “Transaction” is carried out in connection with “any
request” _emanating_ from either the Defendant or an “Authorised Person” makes
it plain to me that an “Authorised Person” under the OSTA Terms and Conditions
is a person whose control over all trading activities under the trading
account is contemplated to be in theory as autonomous as that of the
Defendant’s. What this means is that an “Authorised Person”, once appointed by
the Defendant, is permitted to make “any request” to the Plaintiff to engage
in trading activities under the Defendant’s trading account without any
reference to the Defendant. That any request of such nature made by an
“Authorised Person” would be binding on the Defendant is clearly provided for
in clauses 3.1 and 3.2 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions which provide as
follows:

3.1 The [Defendant] or any of its Authorised Persons may request [the
Plaintiff] orally or in writing to buy or sell or otherwise deal with
Securities or deal with monies in the Account(s) or perform any other
Transaction relating to the Account(s).

3.2 The [Defendant] shall be fully responsible and liable for any and all (a)
acts and omissions of its Authorised Person(s) and (b) instructions and/or
communications given by or purportedly given by an Authorised Person(s) on the
[Defendant’s] behalf so long as [the Plaintiff] reasonably believes such
instructions and/or communications to be genuine. [The Plaintiff] shall be
entitled to assume that any such Authorised Person is fully authorised to act
on the [Defendant’s] behalf and [the Plaintiff] is requested and authorised to
rely upon and act in accordance with any instruction or communication which
may from time to time be or purport to be given by the Authorised Person(s) on
behalf of the [Defendant]. [The Plaintiff] shall be entitled to treat such
instruction or communication as fully authorised and binding upon the
[Defendant] and [the Plaintiff] shall be entitled (but not bound) to act on or
carry out such instruction or communication and to take such steps in
connection with or in reliance upon such instruction or communication as [the
Plaintiff] may in good faith consider appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt,
[the Plaintiff] shall not be obliged to verify with the [Defendant] or any
other person the instructions or communications given by or purportedly given
by the Authorised Person(s) purportedly on behalf of the [Defendant].

23 On the facts of the present case, it is common ground that HGT did not
exert the same level of autonomy of control over the Defendant’s trading
account which an “Authorised Person” would possess under the OSTA Terms and
Conditions. Neither party to the dispute has accepted that HGT could directly
make “any request” to the Plaintiff to engage in trading activities using the
Defendant’s trading account without any reference whatsoever to the Defendant.
In complaining that HGT had entered into the Disputed Investments without the
Defendant’s prior knowledge and authorisation, the Defendant is taking the
position that such prior knowledge and authorisation ought to have first been
given before the Disputed Investments could be considered as having properly
been made on the Defendant’s behalf. Likewise, in claiming that the Disputed
Investments were in fact made by HGT only after having received specific
instructions from the Defendant,[note: 18] the Plaintiff is in effect
acknowledging that HGT did not at any point in time possess the autonomy to
perform any transaction on the Defendant’s behalf without any reference
whatsoever to the Defendant. Accordingly, by process of elimination, since HGT
is evidently not an “Authorised Person”, I find that the irresistible
conclusion to be drawn in respect of HGT’s status must be that the only
alternative hypothesis in the present case is true, _ie_ , HGT is a
“representative”.

24 Given that HGT is a “representative” under clause 27.1 of the OSTA Terms
and Conditions, the efficacy of clause 27.1 in advancing the Plaintiff’s case
for summary judgment may now be evaluated accordingly. By operation of clause
27.1, for any transaction made by HGT under the trading account, HGT as the
Defendant’s “representative” is “deemed to be the [Defendant’s] agent whether
or not such representative shall be deemed to be engaged or employed by the
[Defendant] in law”. The Plaintiff is also “entitled to assume that as between
[the Plaintiff] and the [Defendant] (i) any order said by the representative
to be intended to be executed for the [Defendant] is so intended; and (ii)
every order executed by the representative for the [Defendant] is the order
intended to be executed by the [Defendant]”. This is however provided that the
transaction in question was made “ _on the [Defendant’s]_ and/or the
Authorised Person’s _instructions or though without their instructions but
with their consent and/or authority (expressed, implied or otherwise) and/or
knowledge_ ” (emphasis added) (see [13] above).

25 In my view, herein lies the problem with the Plaintiff’s reliance on clause
27.1 in seeking summary judgment to be entered against the Defendant. First,
the Plaintiff has not adduced any objective documentary evidence in its
supporting affidavits putting beyond question the assertion that the Disputed
Investments were made by HGT “on the Defendant’s […] instructions”. Similarly,
the Plaintiff also does not adduce any objective documentary evidence to
demonstrate in the alternative that the Disputed Investments were made by HGT
with the Defendant’s “consent and/or authority (express, implied or otherwise)
and/or knowledge”. Absent any such objective documentary evidence at hand,
this court is confronted with at best contested factual issues which although
may be pertinent to the Plaintiff’s underlying action, are nevertheless issues
that this court cannot attempt to resolve in a summary judgment proceeding as
if it were a trial. On this ground, I therefore find that clause 27.1 of the
OSTA Terms and Conditions does not warrant summary judgment to be entered
against the Defendant at this current stage of the proceedings.

26 For completeness, it is apposite for me to also point out that the Court of
Appeal’s decision in _Als Memasa and another v UBS AG_ [2012] 4 SLR 992
supports the above conclusion that I have arrived at. In that case, the
appellants’ action against the respondent, UBS AG, claiming _inter alia_ that
UBS AG had without their authorisation or valid affirmation purchased some
Russian bonds under one of the appellants’ UBS accounts (which bond value
subsequently depreciated) was struck out by the High Court on UBS AG’s
application. In allowing the appellants’ appeal against the striking out
order, the Court of Appeal held (at [19]-[20]):

19 Counsel for UBS […] conceded that _UBS did not produce any telephone
transcripts or internal documents evidencing [the first appellant] authorising
the purchase of the Russian bonds_.

[…]

20 _We are of the view that the Appellants’ limited claim based on the losses
arising from the purchase of the Russian bonds should be allowed to go to
trial, given the lack of documentary evidence showing that [the first
appellant] had authorised the purchase of the Russian bonds._ […]

[emphasis added]

27 At this juncture, it is necessary for me to also deal with the case of
_Fraser Securities Pte Ltd v Seet Ai Kiang_ which Plaintiff’s counsel has
placed considerable reliance on in the course of submissions (see [14] above).
In _Fraser Securities Pte Ltd v Seet Ai Kiang_ , Fraser Securities Pte Ltd
(“Fraser”) commenced an action against Seet Ai Kiang (“Seet”) claiming a sum
of money which Fraser alleged was payable to them for stockbroking services
which they had provided in respect of trading accounts opened under Seet’s
name. In her defence, Seet claimed that she was a mere nominee holder of the
trading accounts (_ie_ , although the trading accounts were opened in her
name, the trading accounts were in reality operated by certain third parties).
Fraser applied and obtained summary judgment against Seet before an assistant
registrar, and Seet appealed. In upholding the assistant registrar’s decision
ordering that summary judgment be entered against Seet, Judith Prakash J held
that Seet was contractually bound to pay Fraser the amount claimed on the
basis of _inter alia_ a contractual provision which I note is substantially
identical to clause 27.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions. The relevant
contractual provision in that case read as follows:

21.1 The Client confirms that in the purchase and/or sale of any securities
under the Account(s) by any dealer’s representative on the Client’s and/or the
Authorised Person’s instructions or though without their instructions but with
their consent and/or authority (expressed, implied or otherwise) and/or
knowledge, such dealer’s representative shall be deemed to be the Client’s
agent whether or not such dealer’s representative is deemed to be engaged or
employed by the Client in law. The Client will, as between Fraser and the
Client, be liable for all purchases and sales of securities executed by the
dealer’s representative for the Account regardless of whether the dealer’s
representative would also be liable to Fraser for the same and the Clients
shall be liable to Fraser for all costs, expenses, damages, losses, fees,
charges, rates or duties which may be incurred by Fraser in respect of all
such securities transacted. In addition, the Client confirms that in the
purchase and/or sale of any securities under the Account(s) by any dealer’s
representative who is a remisier, such dealer’s representative shall be deemed
to be the Client’s agent and Fraser is entitled to assume that as between
Fraser and the Client (i) any order said by the remisier to be intended to be
executed for the Client is so intended; and (ii) every order executed by the
remisier for the Client is the order intended to be executed by the Client.

28 Having examined the learned Judge’s grounds of decision in _Fraser
Securities Pte Ltd v Seet Ai Kiang_ , I find no reason to depart from the
conclusion which I have arrived at in [25] above. In that case, the relevant
contractual provision was invoked under circumstances quite different from the
circumstances in the present case – the relevant contractual provision in that
case was invoked to defeat Seet’s attempt to adduce parol evidence showing
that because of certain alleged informal arrangements which have been entered
into with Fraser, it was the third parties, not her, who should be directly
held responsible for the amount claimed by Fraser. The learned Judge held (at
[32]):

It is plain from the [contractual provision] that the defendant had agreed to
pay the plaintiffs all costs, charges and expenses incurred by the plaintiffs
in relation to her accounts with them. She had further agreed that, in placing
orders for trades on her account, the remisier in the plaintiffs’ company
would be acting as her agent and not as the agent of the plaintiffs. _Having
agreed to these terms as part of written contract, it was not open to the
defendant to seek to vary the contract by adducing parol evidence of an
alleged oral agreement between the plaintiffs, acting through the remisier,
and herself, that whilst the account was to be held in the name of the
defendant, the third parties would be responsible to the plaintiffs for all
transactions carried out in the account and the defendant would not have to
pay for any liabilities in the account_. […] [emphasis added]

29 For completeness, I note that arguments in respect of Seet’s personal
knowledge or authorisation were also raised in _Fraser Securities Pte Ltd v
Seet Ai Kiang_ , and that those arguments ultimately failed in raising any
triable issue. However, this result was obtained only because the learned
Judge noted that even on Seet’s own version of the facts, Seet “was aware that
trading activities in the accounts would be carried out by the remisier on the
instructions of the third parties and she was well content that it should be
so” (see _Fraser Securities Pte Ltd v Seet Ai Kiang_ at [33]). By contrast,
there are no similar factors in the present case. I therefore do not find that
_Fraser Securities Pte Ltd v Seet Ai Kiang_ assists the Plaintiff in the
present application in this regard.

Clause 29.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions

30 I come now to consider the conclusive evidence clause contained in clause
29.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions:

29.1 [The Plaintiff] will provide the [Defendant] with a written contract
note/statement of each Securities Transaction effected in relation to the
Account(s). _Such contract note and/or statement shall be conclusive and
binding against the [Defendant] unless objection in writing addressed to the
General Manager of [the Plaintiff] is received from the [Defendant] to [the
Plaintiff] within 7 calendar days from the date of such contract
note/statement_.

[emphasis added]

31 With respect to the Defendant’s argument that the Plaintiff has waived the
requirement for objections to be made in writing within the contractually
stipulated seven days (which the Defendant now claims has given rise to an
estoppel against the Plaintiff (see [17] above)), Defendant’s counsel asserts
that the estoppel requirements of (i) clear and unequivocal representation,
(ii) detrimental reliance and (iii) inequity (see _Orchard Central Pte Ltd v
Cupid Jewels Pte Ltd (Forever Jewels Pte Ltd, non-party)_ [2013] 2 SLR 667 at
[44]) are satisfied in the present matter.[note: 19] I am not so sure that
such a conclusive finding on estoppel can be made in the current stage of the
proceedings given the current state of the evidence that has been made
available to the court. Take for instance LWH’s deposition in his own
affidavit stating that, upon hearing the Defendant’s complaint during the
Second Meeting, he informed the Defendant that “more time would be needed to
establish full facts” (see [17] above).[note: 20] On a literal assessment of
this statement made by LWH, this statement can hardly be said to amount to a
_clear and unequivocal_ promise or representation by the Plaintiff that it
will not insist on its strict legal rights under clause 29.1 of the OSTA Terms
and Conditions.

32 The question might then be asked whether the requirement of clear and
unequivocal representation may nevertheless still be satisfied under a
_contextual_ assessment of LWH’s statements, given that in the law of estoppel
“[i]t is enough if the promise induces the promisee _reasonably_ to believe
that the other party will not insist on his strict legal rights” (emphasis
added) (see _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 21 Ed, 2012) at
[3-089]). On this, I will state as a matter of general proposition that a
court presiding over a summary judgment proceeding should generally be slow to
venture into any contextual assessment of words and/or conduct encompassed in
a claim of estoppel. Few if any contextual assessments can truly be safe if
made without the benefit of a full inquiry into all the relevant facts and
evidence surrounding the claim. Thus in a summary judgment proceeding, I am
inclined to hold that it will ordinarily be sufficient once the court finds
that nothing short of a contextual assessment will properly validate a claim
of estoppel, for that claim to proceed to trial.

33 This, however, is not to say that unconditional leave to defend will be
granted as a matter of course every time a claim of estoppel is raised. A
bare, unsubstantiated or incoherent claim of estoppel, for instance, will
generally not make any significant headway in raising triable issue(s) or
demonstrating any probability of a _bona fide_ defence at all. It bears
emphasising that every claim must ultimately be assessed on the strength of
its own merits, bearing in mind that the court is not bound to accept all
averments affirmed or sworn in an affidavit to be the unquestionable truth.
The averments must at least have the ability to demonstrate to the
satisfaction of the court that the defendant in question “has a fair case for
defence or reasonable grounds for setting up a defence, or even a fair
probability that he has a _bona fide_ defence” (see _Habibullah Mohamed
Yousuff v Indian Bank_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 880 at [21]).

34 In my assessment, I am satisfied that the Defendant has adequately shown
cause in respect of his claim of estoppel by making reference to the statement
made by LWH during the Second Meeting which actually forms part of the
Plaintiff’s case (see [17] above). However, without the benefit of a full
inquiry into all relevant evidence surrounding the statement made by LWH, I am
not prepared to embark on a contextual assessment to validate the Defendant’s
claim of estoppel vis-à-vis clause 29.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions. For
this reason, I find that the proper forum for validating the Defendant’s claim
of estoppel is that of a trial.

35 Alternatively, I find that there may also be a triable question as to
whether the Defendant’s _oral_ objection to the Disputed Investments during
the Second Meeting constitutes a viable defence to clause 29.1 of the OSTA
Terms and Conditions. In _Fraser Securities Pte Ltd v Seet Ai Kiang_ (see [27]
above), the contract in question contains a substantially similar conclusive
evidence clause providing that contract notes and statements sent by Fraser in
respect of transactions effected in relation to Seet’s account “shall be
conclusive unless an objection in writing” from Seet was received within a
contractually stipulated seven days (see _Fraser Securities Pte Ltd v Seet Ai
Kiang_ at [35]). Although the court there upheld the assistant registrar’s
decision granting summary judgment on the basis of _inter alia_ the conclusive
evidence clause, it nevertheless seems to me that there was some hint of a
possibility that the court might otherwise not have been so quick to do so had
the facts indicated that Seet had at least orally objected to the transactions
in question within the contractually stipulated seven days (at [35]):

35 [Seet] admitted receiving all the contract notes and _contra_ statements
which [Fraser] sent her. She did not contest any of the trades nor notify
[Fraser] that any of the trades were unauthorised. Clause 21.1 of the Terms
and Conditions provided that the contract notes and statements set by [Fraser]
in respect of transactions effected in relation to the account “shall be
conclusive unless an objection in writing” from the customer was received
within seven days from the date of the same. [Seet] had never objected in
writing _or even orally_ to these documents, much less within seven days of
their issue. The contract notes and statements were therefore binding on her.

[emphasis in underline added]

36 In the present case, the Defendant apparently did orally communicate his
objection against the Disputed Investments to the Plaintiff during the Second
Meeting. As such, there may therefore be a triable question as to whether such
oral objection constitutes a viable defence to the conclusive evidence clause
found in clause 29.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions.

37 Finally, I will address the Defendant’s argument attacking clause 29.1 of
the OSTA Terms and Conditions on grounds of unreasonableness and public policy
(see [18]-[19] above). In this specific regard, the questions that arise are
twofold: whether the legal proposition enunciated in _Jiang Ou v EFG Bank_ on
conclusive evidence clauses in a banking context similarly applies to
conclusive evidence clauses in the securities trading industry, and if so,
whether clause 29.1 of the OSTA Terms and Principles is unreasonable and/or
contrary to public policy applying _Jiang Ou v EFG Bank_ to the present case.

38 By way of brief explication, _Jiang Ou v EFG Bank_ stands for the legal
proposition that “conclusive evidence clauses which purport to exclude
liability for the fraud of banks’ employees would […] stand contrary to public
policy considerations and would run foul of the reasonableness test under [the
Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed)]” (see _Jiang Ou v EFG Bank_
at [108]). It must however be appreciated that this legal proposition was
enunciated with an important qualification that the reasonableness of
conclusive evidence clauses in a _non-commercial context_ (_ie_ , where the
counterparty to a conclusive evidence clause is either an individual or a non-
corporate entity) was an open question to be “revisited when the appropriate
occasion arises” (see _Jiang Ou v EFG Bank_ at [116]-[117]). In its ultimate
analysis, however, the court took the view that in any case it is “plainly
unreasonable that a bank should be able to shift the risk of unauthorised
transactions by a fraudulent employee (within its own sphere of control) to an
_innocent_ customer by way of a conclusive evidence clause” (emphasis added)
(see _Jiang Ou v EFG Bank_ at [118]).

39 On the basis of the judicial observations made by Khoo J in _Kwek Hock Hee
v Tat Lee Securities Pte Ltd_ (reproduced at [19] above), I am drawn to the
view that the legal proposition in _Jiang Ou v EFG Bank_ should apply in the
securities trading industry as well. The securities trading industry, like the
banking industry, is a professional industry principally founded on the
precepts of honesty, integrity and reliability that all financial services
providers in the industry are assumed and expected to comport with. The
integrity of the securities trading system, like the banking system, is
therefore inextricably dependent on public confidence and trust in the system.
As such, the integrity of the securities trading system can in theory be
seriously undermined if the law were to be such that the public is unable to
find any security in the knowledge that financial services providers in the
industry can be prevented from employing conclusive evidence clauses to shift
the risk of unauthorised transactions made by a fraudulent employee to an
innocent customer.

40 It would however be remiss of me not to also point out at this juncture one
very important implication of adopting the legal proposition in _Jiang Ou v
EFG Bank_ in a securities trading industry context. As Khoo J remarked in
_Kwek Hock Hee v Tat Lee Securities Pte Ltd_ :

In the light of the purpose and object of the legislative and regulatory
framework […] _it seems to me to be quite against public policy to allow
member companies of the exchange, by whatever means, to shift the
responsibility for any fraud (be it by a direct employee_ __or a remisier__ _)
to the investor. I would be surprised if such a device would ever be allowed_.
[…] [emphasis in italics and underline added]

41 What this means is that when applying the legal proposition in _Jiang Ou v
EFG Bank_ in a securities trading industry context, the law will not only have
the effect of preventing a securities services provider from shifting the risk
of unauthorised transactions made by a fraudulent _direct employee_ to an
innocent customer by way of a conclusive evidence clause; the law will also
have the effect of preventing a securities services provider from shifting the
risk of unauthorised transactions made by a fraudulent _remisier_ (who is not
an employee) to an innocent customer as well.

42 With that, I now consider the application of the legal proposition in
_Jiang Ou v EFG Bank_ to the present case. To the extent that there is likely
to be a dispute as to whether or not HGT (who claims in his affidavit to be “a
remisier who works with the […] Plaintiff”[note: 21]) was at the material time
a direct employee of the Plaintiff, such dispute will not _per se_ give rise
to any triable question(s) under the argument that the legal proposition in
_Jiang Ou v EFG Bank_ will not have any bite on clause 29.1 of the OSTA Terms
and Conditions in the event that HGT is found _not_ to be a direct employee of
the Plaintiff. As analysed in [39]-[41] above, the legal proposition in _Jiang
Ou v EFG Bank_ as applied in a securities trading context will cover _both_ a
case where unauthorised transactions were made by a direct employee and a case
where the same were made by a remisier.

43 However, I find that there are nonetheless two key factors which militate
against any conclusive finding by this court as to whether the Plaintiff’s
reliance on clause 29.1 of the OSTA Terms and Principles is or is not
unreasonable and/or contrary to public policy. First, factual questions as to
whether the Defendant was at all material times an _innocent_ customer and
whether HGT had acted _fraudulently_ (regardless of whether in truth he was at
the material time a direct employee of the Plaintiff) are vigorously contested
by both parties in the present case (see [11]-[12] above). These are clearly
issues of fact which ought to be tried before a judge. Second and perhaps more
fundamentally, neither counsel in the present application has made significant
legal submissions on whether and if so how the court, in assessing the
reasonableness of conclusive evidence clauses, should draw a distinction
between a case arising from a _commercial_ context and another arising from a
_non-commercial_ context. In my view, this distinction may actually have some
bearing on the outcome of the present dispute since the Defendant is a private
individual and not a corporate entity (_cf_ Chong J’s remarks in _Jiang Ou v
EFG Bank_ at [116]-[117], referenced at [38] above). Unless and until
significant and substantive legal submissions are made in this specific
regard, it would be inappropriate for this court to delve into its own legal
analysis on this potentially dispositive point at this stage of the
proceedings.

44 In sum, I find no cogent reason at the current stage of the proceedings for
this court to hold that clause 29.1 of the OSTA Terms and Conditions precludes
a finding that the Defendant “has a fair case for defence or reasonable
grounds for setting up a defence, or even a fair probability that he has a
_bona fide_ defence” (see _Habibullah Mohamed Yousuff v Indian Bank_ [1999] 2
SLR(R) 880 at [21]), or a finding that “there is an issue of question in
dispute which ought to be tried or that there ought for some other reason to
be a trial” (see O 14 r 3(1) ROC). On the contrary, I find that there are
serious questions that need to be tried and addressed before a trial judge in
order for the dispute between the parties to be disposed of properly.

Conclusion

45 For the reasons given above, the Plaintiff’s application for summary
judgment is therefore dismissed. Accordingly, the Defendant shall have
unconditional leave to defend Suit 88 of 2014 in a trial.

46 I will hear parties on the issue of costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Tab 8, p 30.

[note: 2]Statement of Claim (22 January 2014), para 7.

[note: 3]Defence and Counterclaim (27 February 2014), para 7.

[note: 4]Defence and Counterclaim (27 February 2014), para 8.

[note: 5]Defence and Counterclaim (27 February 2014), para 9.

[note: 6]Defendant’s affidavit (7 May 2014), paras 19-21.

[note: 7]Defendant’s affidavit (7 May 2014), para 21.

[note: 8]HGT’s affidavit (23 April 2014), p 8.

[note: 9]LWH’s affidavit (28 May 2014), para 8.

[note: 10]LWH’s affidavit (23 April 2014), para 12.

[note: 11]CMY’s affidavit (28 May 2014), para 5.

[note: 12]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Tab 5, pp 46-62.

[note: 13]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Tab 5, p 63.

[note: 14]Defendant’s Written Submissions, para 25.

[note: 15]Defendant’s Written Submissions, para 18.

[note: 16]LWH’s affidavit (28 May 2014), para 6.

[note: 17]Defendant’s Written Submissions, paras 30, 32.

[note: 18]HGT’s affidavit (23 April 2014), para 6.

[note: 19]Defendant’s Written Submissions, paras 31-35.

[note: 20]LWH’s affidavit (28 May 2014), para 6.

[note: 21]HGT’s Affidavit (23 April 2014), para 1.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jul 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

