Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ng Chun Hian _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 31

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 183 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gurdaib Singh (Gurdaib, Cheong & Partners) for the
appellant; Andrew Tan and Krystle Chiang (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Ng Chun Hian — Public Prosecutor  
  
19 February 2014|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ:

1 The accused, Ng Chun Hian (“the appellant”), appealed against the decision
of the District Judge (“the DJ”) sentencing him to 12 years’ corrective
training and six strokes of the cane for a conviction in respect of one charge
of house-breaking under s 454 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal
Code”) punishable under s 458A Penal Code, with two ot her charges being taken
into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. The appellant submitted
that the DJ had erred in failing to have regard to his mental condition, which
he contended had directly contributed to his commission of the offence.

2 At the conclusion of the appeal, I set aside the appellant’s sentence and
remitted the case to the DJ for a Newton Hearing. I now give my reasons.

Background

The appellant

3 The appellant is 35 years old. He was unemployed when he committed the
present offences. His parents divorced when he was seven years old and he
lived with his mother and sister until he was sent to the Singapore Boys Home
in 1992. The appellant had a long history of antecedents. Shortly before the
commission of the present offences, he completed a ten-year sentence of
corrective training for house-breaking and theft and was released from prison
on 26 September 2012.

The charges

4 On 14 June 2013, the appellant pleaded guilty to one charge of house-
breaking (DAC No 39172 of 2012) under s 454 Penal Code, for breaking into and
entering a dwelling unit on 8 October 2012 at about 2.00pm in order to commit
theft of S$1,900 in cash and about S$1,000 in foreign currency. As an offender
with a previous conviction under s 454 Penal Code, the appellant was
additionally liable to be punished under s 458A Penal Code, which prescribes a
mandatory sentence of caning:

**Punishment for subsequent offence under section 454 or 457**

**458A.** Whoever, having been convicted of an offence under section 454, 455,
457 or 458, commits an offence under section 454 or 457 shall be punished with
caning in addition to the punishment prescribed for that offence.

5 According to the Statement of Facts, which the appellant admitted without
qualification, the stolen items were not recovered as the appellant had spent
all the money.

6 The appellant also consented to two other charges being taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing:

(a) one charge of house-breaking under s 454 read with s 458A Penal Code (DAC
No 37985 of 2012) for the theft of goods with a total value of S$1,820 from a
flat on 11 October 2012; and

(b) one charge of attempted house-breaking under s 454 read with s 511 (DAC No
39171 of 2012) for an attempt to enter a dwelling unit in order to commit
theft on 11 October 2012.

7 The three offences were committed over the course of four days. The first of
these occurred less than two weeks after his release from prison following the
completion of a ten-year sentence of corrective training.

The psychiatric reports

8 Two psychiatric reports were presented before the DJ for the purpose of
sentencing. The Prosecution submitted a report dated 5 November 2012 from Dr
Jerome Goh Hern Yee (“Dr Goh”) from the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”).
Counsel for the appellant submitted a psychiatric report dated 20 June 2013
from Dr Lionel Lim Chee Chong (“Dr Lim”) of L P Clinic Pte Ltd, who was in
private practice.

The IMH report

9 The appellant was remanded at the IMH from 19 October 2012 to 5 November
2012 following his arrest for the above offences. Dr Goh examined the
appellant on three occasions on 23 October 2012, 31 October 2012 and 2
November 2012. In addition, Dr Goh relied on the following sources of
information to prepare his report:

(a) an interview with the appellant’s father on 30 October 2012;

(b) documented observations by IMH nursing staff during his remand;

(c) a report on the appellant prepared by IMH’s Medical Social Worker;

(d) the appellant’s IMH clinical notes;

(e) the charge sheets; and

(f) the report and summary of facts prepared by the investigating officer.

10 In his report, Dr Goh noted the appellant’s claims that he had started
hearing “voices” upon his recent release from prison and that the “voices”
were inside his head, telling him that he would not get caught. However, these
voices did not specifically instruct him to do anything in particular or to
commit the house-breaking offences. The appellant also said that he did not
hear the “voices” when he committed the offences. The appellant also claimed
that house-breaking was to him “just a game”; that he “just enjoyed it” and
that he felt very happy when he was committing house-breaking. Finally, the
appellant also said that he kept thinking about house-breaking and could not
stop himself once he started house-breaking.

11 Dr Goh diagnosed the appellant with an antisocial personality disorder, but
concluded that the appellant was not suffering from a mental illness. Dr Goh
thought that the “voices” described by the appellant were not consistent with
auditory hallucinations of a psychotic nature. He further opined that the
appellant was not of unsound mind at the time of the alleged offences and was
fit to plead in court.

Dr Lim’s report

12 The appellant was interviewed by Dr Lim on 21 March 2013. In addition to
this interview, Dr Lim also relied on other sources of information, including
the following, to prepare his report:

(a) interviews with the appellant’s father, sister and long-time pen friend;

(b) the charge sheets;

(c) the IMH psychiatric report; and

(d) the Prison medical report dated 8 May 2013.

13 The appellant was recorded as informing Dr Lim that he started to
experience an urge to break into houses two days after his release from prison
and that he finally yielded to these impulses on 8 October 2012. The appellant
also claimed that he felt “very excited” when committing house-breaking and
described the urge as akin to an addiction. He said that he would experience a
sense of great relief and a release of inner tension once he had committed a
house-breaking offence. The appellant also told Dr Lim that he had thrown away
the items that he had stolen, including a laptop, a handphone and a walkman.

14 Dr Lim concluded that the appellant was suffering from kleptomania, a
psychiatric disorder. I set out the more significant extracts from his report
as follows:

1.Chun Hian suffers from Kleptomania, an Impulse-Control Disorder. This
disorder may be associated with compulsive behaviour. …

…

3.Chun Hian’s psychological disorder was previously undiagnosed. His
psychological condition started some years back and he continued to experience
these symptoms during his imprisonment. The symptoms probably contributed to
his insomnia.

…

5.The psychiatric medication that he received from the prison psychiatrists
was not consistent with a diagnosis of Antisocial Personality Disorder. As
stated previously, he was on one antipsychotic, one anti-itch/anti-anxiety and
two antidepressant medication. Indeed, if Chun Hian has antisocial personality
disorder and does not have a mental illness …, then it is difficult to
understand why treatment was given to him during and after his imprisonment.

6.The medication that he received in prison unwittingly treated the symptoms
of Impulse-Control Disorder. This probably explained for the recurrence of his
compulsive house breaking behaviour when he erroneously stopped the treatment
after his release from prison.

…

15 Relying on Dr Lim’s diagnosis of kleptomania, counsel for the appellant
urged the DJ to impose a short custodial sentence to enable the appellant to
receive treatment for his medical disorder.

16 In response, the Prosecution submitted that this was not appropriate given
the different diagnoses put forward by the psychiatrists. The Prosecution
observed that there were some discrepancies in the version of events given by
the appellant to each psychiatrist and submitted that the police statement
which was given by the appellant four days after the commission of the offence
should be given more weight than what he told Dr Lim months after the offence.
The Prosecution also submitted that contrary to the first of the five
diagnostic criteria for kleptomania stated in the _Diagnostic and Statistical
Manual of Mental Disorders_ (American Psychiatric Association, text revision,
2000) (“the DSM-IV-TR”), the Accused had stolen items of value.

The corrective training report

17 The DJ called for a pre-sentencing report for corrective training (“the CT
Report”) in view of the appellant’s multiple antecedents. Both psychiatric
reports were made available for the purposes of preparing the CT Report.

18 The CT Report consisted of a Medical Officer’s Memorandum dated 13 July
2013 and a Pre-Sentencing Report dated 29 July 2013. The former stated that
the appellant was fit at the time of the examination to undergo corrective
training and certified him to be suffering from “mood disorder, insomnia and
eczema since 2012 at least.” The latter stated that the appellant was fit to
undergo corrective training and assessed the appellant’s risk of re-offending
in the category of high risk/need of criminal offending, with a = 62%
probability of recidivism within two years of release.

The decision below

19 The DJ accepted that in principle, the element of general deterrence could
be given considerably less weight where an offender suffered from a mental
illness that contributed to the commission of the offence. However, the DJ
noted that this would depend on whether there was a causal link between the
illness and the offence, as well as the seriousness of the mental condition,
the likelihood of re-offending and the severity of the crime (at [17] of the
DJ’s Grounds of Decision (“GD”)). The DJ noted the different diagnoses in the
reports of Dr Goh and Dr Lim and appeared to have come to the conclusion that
as the appellant did not satisfy one of the five diagnostic criteria for
kleptomania that were noted in Dr Lim’s report, namely, the theft of items
that were unnecessary for personal use or that were of no monetary value, Dr
Lim’s report would be accorded less weight (at [18] of the GD). The DJ also
observed that neither report indicated any causal link between the appellant’s
alleged mental disorder and the offence (at [18] of the GD).

20 The DJ also noted that the appellant had a long history of property-related
antecedents, primarily house-breaking offences, and had committed the present
offences within days of his release from prison. In the circumstances, the DJ
rejected counsel’s submissions that the appellant had acted out of character,
and considered that a short custodial sentence would be inappropriate (at [19]
of the GD).

21 In the light of the CT Report which indicated the appellant’s high risk of
recidivism and his fitness for corrective training, the DJ was satisfied that
it was expedient with a view to the appellant’s reformation that he should
receive a sentence of corrective training for a substantial period of time and
imposed a sentence of 12 years’ corrective training and six strokes of the
cane (at [20] of the GD).

The appeal

22 The parties initially appeared before me on 3 October 2013. Two aspects of
the case troubled me at that time.

23 First, there were two conflicting psychiatric reports concerning the
appellant’s mental condition before the court. The Prosecution took issue with
Dr Lim’s diagnosis of kleptomania. Yet neither doctor responsible for these
reports had been cross-examined. Moreover, the CT Report indicated a third
diagnosis of mood disorder which was not elaborated upon. In the light of
this, a question arose as to whether a Newton hearing should be called to
determine whether the appellant indeed suffered from kleptomania (or any other
mental condition).

24 A Newton hearing is called when a fact is contested and it is material to
sentencing. In such circumstances, the court will hear evidence and then make
a finding: _R v Robert John Newton_ (1982) 4 Cr App R(S) 388. I recognise that
a Newton hearing is the exception rather than the norm and should not
ordinarily be convened unless the court is satisfied that it is necessary to
do so in order to resolve a difficult question of fact that is material to the
court’s determination of the appropriate sentence: see _R v Kevin John
Underwood_ [2005] 1 Cr App R(S) 90 (“ _Underwood_ ”) (at [10(e)]), adopted in
_PP v Soh Song Soon_ [2010] 1 SLR 857 (at [3]–[4]). Undoubtedly, the
sentencing judge has a discretion to decline to hear such evidence if he is
satisfied that the case advanced on the defendant’s behalf is, with good
reason, to be regarded as “absurd or obviously untenable”. In such a case, the
judge should explain his conclusion: _Underwood_ (at [10(f)]). Ultimately, the
sentencing judge must do justice and sentence the offender as far as possible
on the basis of accurate facts: see _PP v Aniza_ _bte_ _Essa_ [2009] 3 SLR(R)
327 (at [62]).

25 Second, I was troubled by the fact that the appellant had a long list of
house-breaking antecedents which stretched back to his days as a juvenile
offender. Despite having been incarcerated for much of his life, the appellant
had been unable to remain crime-free for any period of significant length from
the time he was first sentenced to prison in 1995. As noted above, he
committed the present offences within two weeks of being released after
serving a ten-year sentence of corrective training.

26 The corrective training regime is focussed on the _rehabilitation_ of the
offender. This is unlike the preventive detention regime which primarily
serves the aim of incapacitating recalcitrant offenders from re-offending
through prolonged custody. As was observed in _G Ravichander v PP_ [2002] 2
SLR(R) 665 at [25]:

On the other hand, when determining what a suitable term is for corrective
training, the court should keep in mind that this form of punishment, though
in substance very similar to imprisonment …, should not be treated as a lesser
form of preventive detention. _Those undergoing corrective training must first
be capable of reform, while those sent in for preventive detention are
hardened criminals. Sending hardened criminals through the corrective training
regime would not only dilute the programme’s aims but also endanger the
reformative path of more promising prisoners._ [emphasis added]

27 This was echoed by the Court of Appeal in _PP v Rosli bin Yassin_ [2013] 2
SLR 831 (at [11]), where it cited with approval Yong CJ’s observation in _PP v
Wong Wing Hung_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 304 (at [10]) that the “sentence of
[preventive detention] is meant essentially for habitual offenders … whom the
court considers to be _beyond redemption_ and _too recalcitrant for
reformation_ ” [emphasis added]. It seemed uncertain to me that corrective
training was the appropriate sentence in the light of the appellant’s constant
re-offending, and I thought consideration ought to have been given to whether
preventive detention was a more suitable option in the absence of any other
explanation for his behaviour such as a psychiatric disorder.

28 In the premises, I raised three queries at the first hearing of the matter
and invited the parties to make further submissions on them:

(a) whether the appellant’s psychiatric condition is irrelevant to sentencing,
as the Prosecution contends;

(b) how corrective training would benefit the appellant given the scant
evidence showing any capacity for reform; and

(c) in the event the court was of the view that preventive detention should be
imposed upon the appellant, how should the appellant’s previous sentence of
corrective training affect the court’s consideration of the length of a
sentence of preventive detention.

29 In response to query (a), the Prosecution advanced three grounds in support
of its position that the appellant’s psychiatric condition was irrelevant to
the sentence that was to be meted upon him:

(a) first, it was submitted that there was insufficient evidence to support a
conclusion that the appellant suffered from kleptomania;

(b) second, it was submitted that Dr Lim’s report did not state that there was
a causal link between the alleged condition of kleptomania and the commission
of the offence; and

(c) finally, it was submitted that the severity of the appellant’s criminal
tendencies rendered any psychiatric condition irrelevant.

30 Counsel for the appellant submitted that the appellant’s medical condition
_was_ material to the question of whether there were “special reasons”
rendering him unfit for corrective training or preventive detention under s
304(1) and (2) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed).

31 Both parties also made submissions on the remaining two questions but, as
it transpired, it was unnecessary for me to consider those matters.

My decision

32 The key question for me was whether the appellant’s alleged psychiatric
condition of kleptomania was a relevant sentencing consideration. In my
judgment it was plainly relevant to determining what the appropriate sentence
should be as well as whether it should be coupled with a suitable treatment
plan. It is well established that rehabilitation is often the foremost
sentencing consideration for a sentencing court when dealing with a mentally-
disordered offender, including one suffering from an impulse control disorder
such as kleptomania that causes the commission of the offence at hand: see
_Goh Lee Yin v PP_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 530 at [108]; and _PP v Goh Lee Yin_ [2008]
1 SLR(R) 824 at [97], [100] and [107]. A diagnosis of kleptomania would
therefore, at least potentially, be relevant to:

(a) the question of whether the Appellant is “ _beyond redemption or too
recalcitrant for reformation_ ”;

(b) the question of whether a sentence of incarceration should be paired with
a suitable mental health treatment and rehabilitation regime that could be
offered to the Appellant by the Prison authorities; and

(c) the question of what type of incarceration should be imposed upon him and
for what duration.

33 If there exists an underlying psychiatric condition which caused the
appellant to offend as he did and this were left untreated, the appellant’s
cycle of re-offending is likely to continue as soon as he is released. This
indeed is what happened in the present case and it is consistent with his
pattern of offending.

34 The Prosecution’s submission that there was insufficient evidence to
support Dr Lim’s diagnosis of kleptomania missed the mark. Once it was
established that the psychiatric diagnosis of kleptomania is a relevant
sentencing consideration, the next question that arises is whether this
material fact was contested. It undoubtedly was in this case, with the two
psychiatric opinions pulling in different directions. In these circumstances,
it was not evident to me how I, or the DJ, could have resolved this divergence
without evidence being taken from both Dr Goh and Dr Lim.

35 I make no comment on the Prosecution’s submissions on Dr Lim’s report but
it was plain to me that I was in no position to dismiss it as patently
untenable or absurd. Even if there was a failure to meet one of the diagnostic
criteria, it was not evident that this fact alone would rule out a valid
diagnosis of kleptomania.

36 As for the Prosecution’s alternative submission that there was no causal
link between the appellant’s alleged psychiatric condition and the commission
of the offences, this appeared to have been inspired by the DJ’s observation
that Dr Lim’s report did not specifically state that there was such a link.

37 I accept that as a matter of principle, such a causal link must be proved:
see _Ng So Kuen Connie v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 178 at [58]. In my judgment,
where the DJ erred was in concluding that Dr Lim had not attested to such a
link. Although there was no sentence in the report that specifically stated a
causal link, it was clear that Dr Lim’s report evinced such a causal link. Dr
Lim’s report must be read fairly and in context. In it, he dealt substantially
with the appellant’s past history of house-breaking and his account of events
leading to the commission of the offence and its aftermath. Dr Lim
specifically stated that the recurrence of the appellant’s compulsive house-
breaking behaviour could have been due to his ceasing to take the medications
he had been prescribed in prison after his release; medications which Dr Lim
averred “unwittingly treated the symptoms of Impulse-Control Disorder” – this
“Impulse-Control Disorder” being kleptomania, as Dr Lim made clear at page 7
of his report. In the circumstances, it was clear to me that Dr Lim did find
and put forward a causal link between his diagnosis and the commission of the
present offences.

38 As to the final argument advanced by the Prosecution, although I agreed
that the severity of the appellant’s criminal tendencies were potentially
relevant to the question of the length of any period of incarceration, this
could not render the appellant’s mental condition irrelevant as a sentencing
consideration. This was especially so here, where the court had to choose from
among a variety of alternative sentences.

39 For completeness, I mention some other points which I noticed and thought
might benefit from further examination in a Newton hearing:

(a) Although Dr Goh had stated in his report that the appellant was not
suffering from mental illness, the appellant had been prescribed medicines
whilst he was in prison which, according to Dr Lim, were medicines that are
prescribed in order to treat psychiatric conditions.

(b) Although both Dr Lim’s report and the CT Report averred that the appellant
had previously undergone mental health treatment in prison, Dr Goh appeared to
be under the impression that the appellant had never undergone any prior
treatment for a mental health disorder.

(c) There was a diagnosis of “mood disorder” in the CT Report which was not
further elaborated on and which remains unexplained.

(d) Finally, as previously mentioned at [25] above, I was struck by the very
short periods of time that elapsed between the appellant’s release from prison
after long sentences for property related offences and the commission of
further offences of the same sort. I considered that it would be useful to
invite the psychiatrists to comment on whether such a pattern of offending
could be attributed to a person of normal mental health.

40 For all these reasons, I held that a Newton hearing would be appropriate in
the circumstances. In the light of this, there was no need for me to consider
at this stage whether corrective training or preventive detention was
appropriate. Any sentencing decision should be taken on the basis of the
conclusions that are reached at the Newton hearing.

Conclusion

41 For the foregoing reasons, I allowed the appeal and set aside the DJ’s
sentence. I ordered that the case be remitted to the same DJ for a Newton
hearing. Without seeking to constrain the discretion of the DJ, I directed
that the following questions should be considered:

(a) whether the appellant is a kleptomaniac and if so, the relevance of that
condition to the commission of his offences; and

(b) if the appellant is a kleptomaniac what the appropriate type and period of
incarceration should be, and whether the appellant should be offered an
appropriate treatment programme that could be undertaken in conjunction with
the period of incarceration to which he is eventually sentenced.

42 Counsel for both parties agreed that the appellant should continue to be
remanded in the meantime.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

