Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Kian Tiong _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 153

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 32 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 July 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  See Kee Oon JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S K Kumar (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) for the appellant;
Teo Lu Jia (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Tan Kian Tiong — Public Prosecutor  
  
31 July 2014|  
---|---  
  
See Kee Oon JC:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the District Judge in _Public
Prosecutor v Tan Kian Tiong_ [2014] SGDC 85 (“the GD”). The appellant pleaded
guilty to a charge under the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RTA”)
and was sentenced to a fine of $800 and disqualified from holding or obtaining
a driving licence for all classes of vehicle for six months (“the
disqualification order”) from the date of his conviction. He has appealed
against the imposition of the disqualification order only.

2 The facts of this case are straightforward. The charge that the appellant
pleaded guilty to is as follows:

You, Tan Kian Tiong, are charged that you, on 8th day of May 2013, at about
3:35pm, along Sims Avenue towards Sims Avenue East, Singapore, being the
driver of motor vehicle SJE 7597D, did use a mobile telephone while the said
motor vehicle was in motion, and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under Section 65B of the Road Traffic Act, Chapter 276.

3 When the appeal came before me on 25 June 2014, apart from elaborating on
the grounds of appeal found in the appellant’s petition of appeal, counsel for
the appellant also raised the possibility of filing a criminal revision in
order to qualify the appellant’s plea of guilt. I observed then that based on
counsels’ submissions, there was no prejudice or serious injustice so as to
invoke the revisionary jurisdiction of the court, but reserved my judgment on
the appeal to be delivered on a later date. After considering the arguments
raised by the parties, I am satisfied that the District Judge did not err and
that the imposition of the disqualification order is not manifestly excessive.
My reasons for dismissing the appeal are set out below.

The decision below

4 The appellant was not represented in the proceedings below. He pleaded
guilty to the charge and his Statement of Facts (“SOF”) was admitted without
qualification. In mitigation, the appellant asked for a lighter fine and
stated that he needed his driving licence for the purposes of his work.

5 In deciding on the appropriate sentence, the District Judge observed that
the primary sentencing principle in such cases was one of deterrence. She
relied on the decision of the High Court in _Heng Jee Tai v PP_ [1997] 1
SLR(R) 149 (“ _Heng Jee Tai_ ”) and the relevant Parliamentary Debates
pertaining to the introduction of the offence of using a mobile phone while
driving a vehicle. As there was no particular aggravating or mitigating
factor, the District Judge imposed a fine of $800 and a disqualification order
of six months, noting that this was consistent with sentences ordinarily meted
out for this offence.

The appellant’s arguments

6 The appellant raised four grounds of appeal which can be found in his
petition of appeal dated 24 March 2014. These grounds assert that the District
Judge had erred in law and in fact as she had:

(a) failed to fully appreciate that the appellant’s handling of the mobile
telephone was momentary and, as such, his ability to control his vehicle was
questionable;

(b) failed to fully appreciate the exceptional circumstances surrounding the
case, in that the appellant had not deliberately used the mobile phone and was
merely trying to switch off the phone which was ringing continuously and,
towards that end, had only responded to say “I will call back” before ending
the call;

(c) failed to give sufficient weight and/or consideration to all the factors,
especially the length of the call, such that a shorter disqualification period
would have sufficed due to the exceptional circumstances of the case; and

(d) been influenced by irrelevant considerations outside the proper scope
and/or ambit leading to her imposing a sentence that was not in accordance
with the law.

7 The appellant’s argument that the District Judge had been influenced by
“irrelevant considerations” requires some elaboration. The appellant had
admitted to the following facts at paragraph 3 of the SOF:

…the driver was holding the mobile phone in his right hand to his right ear
and was seen communicating with it while using only his left hand to control
the steering wheel of the vehicle when driving. In doing so, the driver
_lessened his ability to control the vehicle and diminished his concentration
on the road_. [Emphasis own]

8 On appeal, the appellant challenged his admission that his ability was
lessened and that his concentration was diminished. According to him, he was
under the impression that he was only admitting to the act of using his phone
whilst driving. This is significant because, so the appellant argued, the
admission of the lessening of his ability and the diminishing of his
concentration pertains to a charge under s 65 of the RTA, whereas an admission
of the use of his mobile phone _simpliciter_ pertains to a charge under s 65B
of the RTA, which was what he was charged with. By making this “additional”
admission which he did not intend to, the District Judge was made to take into
account “irrelevant considerations” in deciding on the sentence. Furthermore,
the appellant asserted that the reliance on _Heng Jee Tai_ was erroneous as
the decision in _Heng Jee Tai_ was premised on the fact that there was a
lessening of ability and diminishing of concentration and not on the use of a
mobile phone _simpliciter_.

My decision

9 There are two issues that should be explored in deciding whether the
disqualification order for six months is manifestly excessive. First, whether
the appellant should be allowed to retract his admission of paragraph 3 of the
SOF and, second, assuming that his plea can be qualified to that extent,
whether it would mean that the disqualification order for six months is
manifestly excessive given his other grounds of appeal.

Should the appellant be allowed to retract his admission of paragraph 3 of the
SOF?

10 The law on whether a plea of guilt is qualified is well-established. As
explained by then Chief Justice Yong Pung How (“CJ Yong”) in _Toh Lam Seng v
Public Prosecutor_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 346 (“ _Toh Lam Seng_ ”) at [5] (see also
_Balasubramanian Palaniappa Vaiyapuri v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 138 (“
_Balasubramanian_ ”) and _Koh Thian Huat v PP_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 113), there are
three procedural safeguards to be observed before a plea of guilt can be
accepted:

(a) that the accused should plead guilty by his own mouth;

(b) that the onus lies on the court to ensure that the accused understands the
true nature and consequences of his plea; and

(c) that the court must establish that the accused intends to admit without
qualification the offence alleged against him.

11 The observations of then CJ Yong in _Toh Lam Seng_ at [8] and [9],
describing the purpose and the approach to be taken in applying these
safeguards, are instructive:

8 There is good reason for these stringent requirements. As I observed in
_Koh Thian Huat_ , a revisionary court must jealously guard its powers to
prevent abuse by litigants seeking to use it as an alternative avenue of
appeal against their conviction. The safeguards protect accused persons from
uninformed or misguided pleas of guilt and as such are to be stringently
observed; equally, however, where circumstances show that one has pleaded
guilty unreservedly and with full knowledge of the consequences, it would be
an abuse of the court's revisionary jurisdiction to allow a retraction of his
plea.

9 Accordingly, the paramount function of the lower courts when accepting a
plea of guilt is to determine whether the accused knowingly and unreservedly
intends to plead guilty to the charge and admit the truth of the allegations
against him in the SOF. In pursuance of this, it is beholden on the lower
court to fully explain to the accused the nature and consequences of both the
charge and his plea of guilt to it, and to ensure his comprehension. With
regard to a mitigation plea, a statement which discloses the possibility of a
defence does not always qualify a plea of guilt. Such statements made in
mitigation could validly be treated as being made solely for their mitigatory
effect without an intention to deny or contradict the accused person's prior
admissions to the charge and SOF.

12 As seen from above, it is paramount for the court to ensure that the
accused “knowingly and unreservedly intends to plead guilty to the charge and
admit the truth of the allegations”. That said, it cannot be the case that a
plea of guilt would be qualified and rejected every time an accused simply
asserts that he did not understand what he was pleading to. To that end, the
court must carefully consider the circumstances surrounding his plea and, if
relevant, also properly consider the mitigation plea to see whether this
qualifies his plea of guilt. Where there is a dispute in relation to facts
that may have a material effect on sentence (notwithstanding that the plea of
guilt remains valid) and the dispute cannot be resolved, the proper course
would be for the court to convene a post-conviction (or _Newton_) hearing
pursuant to s 228(5) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) and
hear evidence, if necessary.

13 In the present case, counsel for the appellant suggested that the plea of
guilt remained valid as there was no qualification of the legal ingredients of
the charge under s 65B of the RTA, but the appellant should nonetheless be
permitted to retract his admission of paragraph 3 of the SOF. According to
counsel, the appellant had not intended to make this “additional” admission
and it was not germane to an offence under s 65B of the RTA. In substance,
this was an attempt to invoke the court’s revisionary jurisdiction to allow
the appellant to retract his admission of the SOF insofar as paragraph 3 was
concerned. To that limited extent, his plea of guilt was qualified but it
would not warrant a rejection of the plea outright.

14 There are three points that can be made in relation to the appellant’s plea
of guilt. First, I am not convinced that the appellant did not know or
understand what he had admitted to in his SOF as a matter of plain English.
The SOF comprises four paragraphs and is not complex. Given that the appellant
understands English, I cannot see how he could not have understood the four
simple paragraphs and the facts that they cover.

15 Second, I am not persuaded that, as counsel for the appellant argued, the
appellant did not have a “proper realization of the far reaching
_consequences_ of” admitting that the use of the mobile phone “lessened his
ability to control the vehicle and diminished his concentration on the road”.
Implicit in this argument is a challenge that the court had not adhered to the
procedural safeguard of ensuring that the accused understands the true nature
and _consequences_ of his plea (see [10] to [12] above). As explained in
_Balasubramanian_ at [25]:

the court must ascertain that the accused understands the nature and
consequences of his plea and intends to admit without qualification the
offence alleged against him. By "nature" of the plea, this meant that the
accused must know exactly what he was being charged with. _As for the
"consequences" of the plea, the accused had to be aware of the punishment
prescribed by the law so that he knew the possible sentence that he would
receive upon conviction_. [Emphasis in italics added]

16 As a matter of law, however, it is incorrect to say that the appellant did
not understand the consequences of his plea simply because he admitted to a
certain fact that could be an aggravating factor as a matter of sentencing. So
long as the appellant knew the possible sentence that he could receive, he is
taken to have understood the consequences of his plea. In this case, it is
clear that possible consequence of disqualification from driving was plain to
the appellant, given that he had pleaded in mitigation that he needed his
driving licence for the purposes of his work.

17 Third, counsel for the appellant also raised what seems to be a
hypothetical or ‘imagined” situation where, if the appellant had appreciated
the consequences better, he:

…could have agreed that whilst his attention was divided between the call and
the driving he could nevertheless have said that he had slowed down and he was
on the extreme lane of the road such that he was able to proceed at a tortoise
pace and successfully rebut the fear of imminent danger to third parties…

Suffice to say, the appellant has had his full opportunity to challenge the
SOF, or to raise the relevant matters in his mitigation plea. The fact that he
did not do so strongly suggests that this was a purely hypothetical situation,
and therefore, I see absolutely no merit in this argument. Even if he had
raised these points, they are of dubious mitigating value. Quite apart from
the flippancy of the claim that he was able to slow down and proceed “at a
tortoise pace” on the extreme left lane of the road, this did not mean he
could never pose any risk to other road users when he was using his mobile
phone. Conceivably, there might well have been a separate charge of
inconsiderate driving for holding up traffic behind him as he drove in such a
fashion while attending to the call.

18 In these circumstances, I see no reason to allow the appellant to retract
his earlier admission of paragraph 3 of the SOF. There was no credible basis
whatsoever for his contention that he did not intend to make this “additional”
admission. I find that the appellant had admitted fully to the facts as found
in his SOF and there is thus no justification for the court to exercise its
revisionary jurisdiction.

Is the disqualification order of six months manifestly excessive?

19 Even if it were assumed that the appellant did not admit to the fact that
using his mobile phone while driving had “lessened his ability to control the
vehicle and diminished his concentration on the road” (“the admitted words”),
I am not persuaded that the disqualification order of six months is manifestly
excessive. The disqualification order of six months is in accordance with
previous sentencing precedents – see the cases cited in _Sentencing Practice
in the Subordinate Courts Volume II_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2013) at pp 1706 and
1707. Counsel for the appellant, however, submitted that the cases under s 65
of the RTA should not be used as a sentencing benchmark for a s 65B offence
because:

(a) the admitted words form the key ingredients of an offence under s 65 of
the RTA, which the appellant was not convicted of; and

(b) there is a distinction between the cases under s 65 of the RTA and those
under s 65B of the RTA.

20 I disagree. As can be discerned from the relevant Parliamentary Debates
which were cited by the District Judge at [6] of the GD, the primary purpose
of creating a separate offence was to curb the rising number of drivers who
were using their mobile phones. While such offences were prosecuted under s 65
of the RTA in the past, special recognition is now given to this class of
offences because of the problem of _prevalence_ , and not so much because
there is a difference in the moral culpability between the specific offence of
using a hand phone while driving on one hand, and the general offence of
driving without due care and attention and without reasonable consideration on
the other.

21 In my judgment, the sentencing regime and precedence for such offences
under s 65 of the RTA following _Heng Jee Tai’s_ case continue to remain
relevant and applicable for offences under s 65B of the RTA. This is also
supported by the fact that both the courts (when such offences fell under s 65
of the RTA) and the Parliamentary Debates (commenting on such offences under s
65B of the RTA) reflect the same concerns and sentiment – drivers who use
mobile phones pose serious risks to other road users as they are likely to
have less control over their vehicles, and there is a need to take a deterrent
approach as a manner of sentencing. I therefore do not agree with counsel for
the appellant that the approach for such cases which had previously been dealt
with under s 65 of the RTA is not relevant for cases prosecuted under s 65B of
the RTA.

22 The appellant argued that the use of his mobile phone was only “momentary”,
in that all he did was to tell the caller that he would call back shortly.
Further, the appellant also submitted that he was merely trying to switch off
the phone which was ringing continuously. In my view, these assertions do
little to help the appellant’s case. They were clear afterthoughts. They were
also inherently contradictory in that he claimed, on one hand, that he had
wanted to switch off his phone, and on the other, that he went ahead instead
to answer the call, albeit only momentarily. In any event, the appellant chose
not to raise such facts in his mitigation plea and has only raised them at
this stage. I cannot see how he would have thought that it was irrelevant to
raise these facts earlier on.

23 It is also pertinent to note that counsel for the appellant had initially
intimated that he would seek leave to adduce further evidence which could
support the appellant’s claim, namely the call logs showing the duration of
the call. At the commencement of the appeal hearing, counsel conceded that he
would not pursue this line of argument, having seen the relevant call logs
produced by the prosecution. No more need be said about this as the inference
is obvious. As such, his claims are merely bare assertions, and I see no
reason why they should be accepted by this court.

Conclusion

24 To further buttress their case, the Prosecution brought to my attention a
decision of the State Courts and two newspapers articles commenting on the
increasing number of summonses being issued to drivers for using their mobile
phones. This was done by letter after the appeal hearing. While these
documents might indeed be relevant to the appeal and the act of bringing them
to my attention is appreciated, the proper procedure is for these documents to
have been exchanged and tendered during the hearing before me. If, for
whatever reason, parties see a need to supplement their case after the
hearing, the appropriate way to do this would be to write in to request for
permission to adduce further arguments or documents _before_ submitting them.

25 As the documents had already come to my attention, it was only fair to
afford the appellant an opportunity to respond. Counsel was duly informed of
this and was directed to file a response in writing if he so desired by 21
July 2014. In the event, no such response was received. In any case, there was
no need in the circumstances to rely on the Prosecution’s additional documents
or counsel’s response to come to my decision, as the sentencing policy and
practice for such offences is clearly established. For the reasons stated
above, I do not find that the disqualification order of six months is
manifestly excessive, and therefore, dismiss the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jul 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

