Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ting Siew May _v_ Boon Lay Choo and another  
[2014] SGCA 28

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 121 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 May 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alvin Yeo SC, Ong Pei Chin, Hong Jia (WongPartnership
LLP), M P Kanisan and P Balagopal (M P Kanisan & Partners) for the appellant;
Tang Hang Wu and Ng Lip Chih (NLC Law Asia LLC) for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  Ting Siew May — Boon Lay Choo and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 4 SLR 820.]

26 May 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the judge (“the Judge”) in _Boon
Lay Choo and another v Ting Siew May_ [2013] 4 SLR 820 (“the Judgment”).

2 This appeal concerns the enforceability of an option to purchase a property
granted by the Appellant to the Respondents, which was backdated at the
request of the latter. It was common ground that such backdating was effected
for the purpose of enabling the Respondents to obtain a higher bank loan in
circumvention (as well as contravention) of MAS Notice No 632, a notice
prescribed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“the MAS”) pursuant to s 55
of the Banking Act (Cap 19, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). This notice was
prescribed for the purpose of regulating residential property loans. The Judge
held that the said option was enforceable at the instance of the Respondents.

3 As we shall see, the present appeal necessitates the consideration of the
applicable legal principles in relation to one of the most confused (and
confusing) areas in the common law of contract – that of illegality and public
policy. Indeed, in this appeal, we would need to consider the legal principles
with regard to not only statutory illegality but also illegality at common
law.

4 Before proceeding to set out the applicable legal principles as well as
applying them to the facts of the present appeal, it would be appropriate – by
way of background – to first set out the relevant facts, the decision of the
Judge, the relevant issues which arise in the present appeal, as well as a
summary of the parties’ respective cases.

Facts

Background to the dispute

5 The Appellant is the sole owner of 30 Jalan Angin Laut Singapore 489226
(“the Property”). The Respondents are husband and wife. In October 2012, the
Appellant granted the Respondents an option to purchase the Property (“the
Option”), which was backdated to 4 October 2012.

6 Around mid-2012, the Respondents were interested in purchasing a landed
property and approached their banker at United Overseas Bank (“the Bank”), Mr
Leslie Ong (“Ong”), about the financing of such a purchase. On 12 July 2012,
the Bank granted the Respondents in-principle approval for a loan capped at
the loan-to-value (“LTV”) ratio of 80%. At that time, this was the prevailing
limit imposed by MAS Notice No 632 on the quantum of residential property
loans for borrowers in the Respondents’ position.

7 On 5 October 2012, the MAS issued an amendment to MAS Notice No 632 (“the 5
October Notice”), the effect of which was that the LTV ratio of the
Respondents’ proposed loan from the Bank would have to be lowered from 80% to
60%. It was not in dispute that the Respondents knew about the 5 October
Notice around the time it was announced.

8 On 10 October 2012, the Respondents made an oral offer to the Appellant to
purchase the Property. On or about 12 October 2012, the parties agreed on the
purchase price of S$3.68m. On 13 October 2012, the Appellant signed the Option
which was backdated to 4 October 2012. According to the Respondents, they had
been advised by Ong to ask their property agent to check with the Appellant if
she was willing to backdate the Option to 4 October 2012 so that they could
obtain a loan for the purchase on the more favourable terms allowed prior to
the 5 October Notice. The Respondents’ position was that Ong had told them
that “a lot of buyers” were backdating their purchases to dates prior to 5
October 2012 for that reason and that this was simply “common practice”.

9 On 15 October 2012, the Respondents were offered a loan from the Bank at the
LTV ratio of 80% and on 19 October 2012, they accepted the offer. On 24
October 2012, one day before the expiry of the Option, the Appellant’s
solicitors wrote to the Respondents’ solicitors, stating that the Appellant
“[did] not want to be a party to any illegality or irregularity” and was
withdrawing her offer. According to the Appellant, she only learnt about the 5
October Notice on 19 October 2012 and was then advised not to proceed with the
sale of the Property.

10 The Respondents’ solicitors responded on 24 October 2012, stating that the
Appellant had no right to withdraw the offer as stated in the Option. On 25
October 2012, the Respondents’ solicitors unsuccessfully attempted to exercise
the Option at the offices of the Appellant’s solicitors. A series of
correspondence between the parties’ solicitors ensued. Amongst other things,
the Respondents’ solicitors, in a letter dated 6 December 2012, proposed that
the parties proceed with the exercise of the Option on the basis that it was
dated 13 October 2012 (the actual date of the Appellant’s signature) and that
the Respondents would also obtain financing for the purchase of the Property
on that basis. However, no resolution was reached.

11 On 11 January 2013, the Respondents applied for: (a) a declaration that the
Option is valid and binding on the Appellant; and (b) an order for specific
performance by the Appellant of the Option or, in the alternative, damages.

The proceedings below

12 In the proceedings below, the Appellant argued that the backdating of the
Option for an illegal purpose (_ie_ , to obtain a loan at the LTV ratio of 80%
in contravention of the 5 October Notice) rendered the Option void and
unenforceable. The Appellant also argued that the Respondents were not
entitled to an order for specific performance because they had “unclean
hands”.

13 Conversely, the Respondents contended that the Option was valid and binding
on the Appellant, since it was not illegal _per se_ but was capable of being
performed lawfully. Further, the Respondents argued that they had “washed
their hands” and repented from any alleged illegality (relying on the doctrine
of _locus poenitentiae_) by voluntarily undertaking to perform the contract in
full compliance with the 5 October Notice.

14 The Judge held that the Option was valid and binding on the Appellant and
granted the Respondents an order for specific performance of the Option. The
Judge considered that there was no statutory illegality since there was no
express or implied legislative intention that the backdating of the Option
would render it unenforceable. The Judge also found that the Option was not
void and unenforceable for illegality at common law since the illegal manner
in which the Respondents intended to procure financing was too remote from the
contract and the Respondents did not need to rely on the backdating to found
their claim against the Appellant.

The issues before this court

15 The key question in this appeal (as alluded to at the outset of this
judgment) is whether the Respondents are entitled to enforce the Option
despite the fact that it was backdated for the purposes of enabling the
Respondents to obtain a larger credit facility than they were otherwise
entitled to under the 5 October Notice. Accordingly, the following issues need
to be determined:

(a) Whether the Option is void and unenforceable at _common law_ for being
contrary to public policy, in particular:

(i) Whether the Option is void and unenforceable for being a contract to
commit the tort of fraud or deceit; and

(ii) Whether the Option is void and unenforceable for being a contract that
was entered into with the object of committing an illegal act.

(b) Whether the Option is expressly or impliedly prohibited under _statute_.

16 We pause to note that, although the parties’ respective cases (and, indeed,
the Judgment in the court below) considered the issue of statutory illegality
first, for reasons which will be apparent in the following analysis, we think
that it is more appropriate to commence with a consideration of the issue
relating to illegality at common law – hence, the framing of the issues in the
order set out in the preceding paragraph.

17 We also pause to note that there were two other possible issues which were
not taken up on appeal. One related to the applicability of the doctrine of
_locus poenitentiae._ This particular issue was mentioned but was not
(correctly, in our view) pursued by counsel for the Respondents, Prof Tang
Hang Wu (“Prof Tang”) (if nothing else, because the facts did not, in our
view, permit such a doctrine to be invoked in the first place). The other
issue related to the Judge’s findings on specific performance. Again, given
our analysis and decision that follow, this issue has been rendered moot in
any event.

The parties’ respective cases – a summary

18 The Appellant first characterised the nature of the illegality committed by
the Respondents as not only the abetment of an offence by the Bank under s 55
of the Act, but also as the offence of attempted cheating under s 415 read
with s 511 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”). The
Appellant submitted that the Option, which was backdated in order to
circumvent the 5 October Notice, was impliedly prohibited by the Act since the
policy objective of the 5 October Notice was to protect the public by avoiding
a property “bubble” that would destabilise Singapore’s financial system.

19 Alternatively, the Appellant argued that the Option was illegal and
unenforceable at common law because it was intended to be used for the illegal
purpose of cheating or deceiving the Bank. The Appellant submitted that the
illegality in this case was not too remote, given that the procuring of
financing was central to the Respondents’ ability to perform their obligations
under the Option and the instrument of the Respondents’ deception of the Bank
was the backdated Option itself.

20 The Respondents argued that any illegality was now irrelevant since the
loan from the Bank was never drawn down and since they had already expressed
their unequivocal intention to obtain financing in compliance with the 5
October Notice. They also argued that the Appellant had shifted her case on
appeal by raising new characterisations of the alleged illegality and that she
should not be allowed to do so because this would unduly prejudice the
Respondents.

21 In so far as the issue of statutory illegality was concerned, the
Respondents submitted that the Judge was correct in concluding that there was
no express or implied legislative intention to render the Option unenforceable
since s 55 of the Act and the 5 October Notice were directed only at banks and
not the public at large.

22 In so far as the issue of illegality at common law was concerned, the
Respondents argued that the Option was for the legitimate purpose of granting
them an option to purchase the Property and that they could not be said to
have deceived the Bank when the idea of backdating the Option had originated
from Ong, an officer of the Bank itself. Even if there was an illegality in
financing, this was too remote to render the Option unenforceable, given that
there was nothing to prevent the Respondents from performing their contractual
obligations lawfully by paying the purchase price in cash. The Respondents
also argued that their claim should be allowed as they did not need to rely on
the backdating to establish their claim against the Appellant.

Analysis

Introduction

The public interest overrides parties’ rights in situations of conflict

23 The defence of illegality and public policy is not always a “meritorious”
one when viewed from the perspective of the individual parties. As Lord
Mansfield CJ observed in the oft-cited English decision of _Holman v Johnson_
(1775) 1 Cowp 341 at 343:

The objection, that a contract is immoral or illegal as between plaintiff and
defendant, sounds at all times very ill in the mouth of the defendant. It is
not for his sake, however, that the objection is ever allowed; but it is
founded in general principles of policy, which the defendant has the advantage
of, contrary to the real justice, as between him and the plaintiff, by
accident, if I may so say. The principle of public policy is this: ex dolo
malo non oritur actio. No Court will lend its aid to a man who founds his
cause of action upon an immoral or an illegal act. If, from the plaintiff’s
own stating or otherwise, the cause of action appears to arise ex turpi causa,
or the transgression of a positive law of this country, there the Court says
he has no right to be assisted. It is upon that ground the court goes; not for
the sake of the defendant, but because they will not lend their aid to such a
plaintiff. So if the plaintiff and defendant were to change sides, and the
defendant was to bring his action against the plaintiff, the latter would then
have the advantage of it; for where both are equally in fault, potior est
conditio defendentis.

24 A court will therefore hold that a particular contract is void and
unenforceable as being contrary to public policy because of the _wider public
interest_ , which in such cases overrides the parties’ individual contractual
rights. As has been observed (see “Illegality and Public Policy” in Ch 13 of
_The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“ _Illegality
and Public Policy_ ”) at para 13.001):

The topic of illegality and public policy constitutes perhaps the most complex
area of the law of contract. This is not surprising because the very concept
of public policy is a very nebulous creature indeed. The focus here is not so
much on the individual as such but rather, on society. To this end, the courts
are prepared to override the contractual rights of the parties concerned if to
do so would give effect to the greater public good. This is not to say that
matters of broader public interest arise only in some contracts. They arise in
all contracts but most of the time they coincide with the parties’ contractual
rights. There is as much a public interest in upholding properly reached
agreements as a private interest between the parties themselves in keeping to
the agreement. In the cases discussed in this chapter, however, the public
interest element does _not_ coincide with the parties’ interests and, indeed,
the latter _militates against_ the former. Where, however, the line is to be
drawn by the courts constitutes the difficult issue that lies at the heart of
this chapter. [emphasis in original]

25 The defence of illegality and public policy can thus be contrasted with
other doctrines in the common law of contract where a particular contract is
rendered void (or voidable) owing to some legally objectionable conduct on the
part of one of the _individual contracting parties_ which falls within the
purview of one or more of the _other_ doctrines relating to _vitiating
factors_ (of which the doctrine of illegality and public policy is one). These
other doctrines include, for example, misrepresentation, mistake, duress,
undue influence, as well as (at least to a limited extent) unconscionability.

26 It would, of course, be ideal if the rendering of a particular contract
void and unenforceable as being contrary to public policy _simultaneously_
resulted in a just and fair result between the _individual parties_. This is
possible but _need not necessarily_ be the case. In this last-mentioned
regard, although one might view the invocation of the doctrine of illegality
and public policy as not being particularly “meritorious”, that would not be
the reason or rationale why the contract concerned has been rendered void and
unenforceable; as just mentioned, this legal result is mandated by a much
broader (and general) public interest.

27 The law of illegality and public policy has traditionally been divided into
two broad (or general) areas – _statutory_ illegality and illegality at
_common law_. Indeed, as we have already noted, both categories of illegality
are engaged in the present appeal. And, as we shall see, whereas the question
of whether a particular contract is prohibited by a particular statutory
provision under _statutory_ illegality is primarily one of ascertaining the
relevant legislative intent of that provision, a contract could be prohibited
under illegality at _common law_ pursuant to one or more _heads_ of public
policy.

28 In so far as illegality at common law is concerned, the more general
question that arises is whether or not the existing heads of public policy can
be extended and, if so, in what manner (see generally _Illegality and Public
Policy_ at paras 13.060–13.064). This question, however, does not arise for
our consideration in the present appeal as it involves heads of public policy
that are already well established by the relevant case law.

Proof of illegality

29 The basic principles with regard to the proof of illegality have been
clearly set out in the following four propositions by Devlin J (as he then
was) in the English High Court decision of _Edler v Auerbach_ [1950] 1 KB 359
(“ _Edler_ ”) at 371 (see also the House of Lords decision of _North-Western
Salt Co v Electrolytic Alkali Co Ltd_ [1914] AC 461, from which these
principles originated):

[F]irst, that, where a contract is ex facie illegal, the court will not
enforce it, whether the illegality is pleaded or not; secondly, that, where …
the contract is not ex facie illegal, evidence of extraneous circumstances
tending to show that it has an illegal object should not be admitted unless
the circumstances relied on are pleaded; thirdly, that, where unpleaded facts,
which taken by themselves show an illegal object, have been revealed in
evidence (because, perhaps, no objection was raised or because they were
adduced for some other purpose), the court should not act on them unless it is
satisfied that the whole of the relevant circumstances are before it; but,
fourthly, that, where the court is satisfied that all the relevant facts are
before it and it can see clearly from them that the contract had an illegal
object, it may not enforce the contract, whether the facts were pleaded or
not.

The above passage was cited with approval by Wilmer LJ in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Snell v Unity Finance Co Ltd_ [1964] 2 QB 203 at 215. In
local case law, Devlin J’s statement of principle in _Edler_ has also been
accepted as correct (see, for example, the decision of the Federal Court in
Singapore in _Seven Seas Supply Co v Rajoo_ [1966] 1 MLJ 71 at 74, as well as
the Singapore High Court decisions of _Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd v Chenab
Contractor Pte Ltd and another_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 375 at [31] and _ANC Holdings
Pte Ltd v Bina Puri Holdings Bhd_ [2013] 3 SLR 666 (“ _ANC Holdings_ ”) at
[73]).

30 It is pertinent, at this juncture, to deal briefly with the Respondents’
objection to the Appellant’s “shifting” of her case on appeal by raising new
characterisations of the alleged illegality. In the first place, we are of the
view that the illegality in the present case has been adequately pleaded by
the Appellant (see above at [12]).

31 However, even assuming that the Appellant had not pleaded illegality at all
in the proceedings below, it is evident from the basic principles stated above
(at [29]) that the Respondents’ objection has no force. As a matter of
principle, whether or not a contract is held to be unenforceable on the ground
that it is illegal or contrary to public policy should not depend on the
characterisation of the illegality (see _ANC Holdings_ at [98]). Indeed, the
court may take cognisance of an illegality even if it has not been pleaded,
provided that all the relevant facts have been adduced and are before the
court. In this case, we are satisfied that all the relevant facts are before
us and that no new evidence needs to be adduced.

32 So much by way of a few general (and introductory) observations. It would
be appropriate to now turn to the first specific issue – whether or not the
Option has been rendered void and unenforceable as a result of contravening a
head (or heads) of public policy at _common law_.

Illegality at common law

The applicable legal principles

(1) The difficulties with the concept of public policy

33 It bears repeating that the law relating to illegality and public policy is
generally confused (and confusing) (see also _Illegality and Public Policy_ at
para 13.001, quoted above at [24]). This is due, in no small part, to the very
nature of this area of the common law of contract. In particular, and in the
famous (and oft-cited (see, for example, the decision of this court in _Ngiam
Kong Seng and another v Lim Chiew Hock_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 674 (“ _Ngiam Kong
Seng_ ”) at [40])) words of Burrough J in the leading English decision of
_Richardson v Mellish_ (1824) 2 Bing 229; 130 ER 294 (at 252; 303), public
policy is:

[A] very unruly horse, and when once you get astride it you never know where
it will carry you. It may lead you from the sound law.

34 Not surprisingly, the ebullient Lord Denning MR was far more optimistic
than Burrough J. Again, in observations which are well-known and oft-cited
(see also _Ngiam Kong Seng_ at [40]) in the English Court of Appeal decision
of _Enderby Town Football Club Ltd v Football Association Ltd_ [1971] Ch 591,
the learned Master of the Rolls observed thus (at 606):

With a good man in the saddle, the unruly horse can be kept in control. It can
jump over obstacles.

35 Notwithstanding Lord Denning MR’s optimism, the fact remains that the
concept of public policy is indeed an unruly horse and must therefore be
applied wisely. It might also be useful to note that, in the English High
Court decision of _Tinline v White Cross Insurance Association, Limited_
[1921] 3 KB 327, Bailhache J not only noted Lord Halsbury’s view in the House
of Lords decision of _Quinn v Leathem_ [1901] AC 495 (at 506) that “the law is
not always logical” but also (and more importantly for the purposes of the
present case) proceeded to observe (at 331) that “[i]f the law is not logical,
public policy is even less logical”.

36 Fortunately (as already alluded to above), the heads of public policy under
which the Option could be caught in the context of the present appeal are
established ones, although it should be noted that the _precise facts_ become
of the first importance.

(2) Contracts to commit a crime, tort, or fraud

37 It has been observed of this particular head of illegality at common law
thus (see _Illegality and Public Policy_ at para 13.092):

This is also a straightforward category and it is easy to see why the courts
would prohibit such contracts as being contrary to public policy. However,
where a contract to commit a _crime_ is concerned, whilst the legal effect on
the contract is generally draconian and extends to representatives of the
party concerned, this approach may not extend to crimes which are basically
regulatory in nature. There may also be a possible linkage to statutory
illegality inasmuch as a contract to contravene a statutory provision – even
if not otherwise prohibited by such a contravention – is nevertheless still
illegal inasmuch as it is a contract to commit a crime at common law (provided
that _all_ parties are involved). [emphasis in original]

38 As the passage quoted in the preceding paragraph notes, it is important to
appreciate the potential overlap between this head of illegality at common law
(and indeed, illegality at common law in general) and statutory illegality.
Even though a contract which contravenes a particular statutory provision may
not be not prohibited as such by that provision, it can nevertheless still be
held to be void and unenforceable at common law for being contrary to public
policy. Put another way, a claim may fail on account of “common law”
illegality notwithstanding that a legislative provision provided the
background to that failure (R A Buckley, _Illegality and Public Policy_ (Sweet
& Maxwell, 3rd ed, 2013) (“ _Buckley_ ”) at para 1.10). This will be
elaborated upon further in the next section of this judgment on contracts
entered into with the object of committing an illegal act.

39 It should also be noted that, in so far as a contract to commit a _fraud_
is concerned, this particular category also includes a contract to commit a
fraud on _a third party_ (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Scott v Brown, Doering, McNab & Co._ [1892] 2 QB 724). It should
be further noted that such fraud would in fact constitute the _tort_ of
_deceit or fraudulent misrepresentation._ In such circumstances, the party
alleging that fraud has been committed would bear the burden of establishing
the requisite elements constituting such fraud in law to the requisite
standard of proof. The applicable legal principles were in fact recently set
out in the decision of this court in _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve
(sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another_ [2013] 3
SLR 801 (“ _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna_ ”).

40 Turning, briefly, to the requisite elements which would constitute fraud or
deceit, it was observed in _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna_ , _inter alia_ , at [32]–[33]
as follows (see also generally at [34]–[49]):

32 The oft-cited statement of principle in so far as the elements of
fraudulent misrepresentation are concerned is that of Lord Herschell in the
leading House of Lords decision of _Derry v Peek_ (1889) 14 App Cas 337, as
follows (at 374):

I think the authorities establish the following propositions: First, in order
to sustain an action of deceit, there must be proof of fraud, and nothing
short of that will suffice. Secondly, fraud is proved when it is shewn that a
false representation has been made (_1) knowingly, or (2) without belief in
its truth, or (3) recklessly, careless whether it be true or false_. Although
I have treated the second and third as distinct cases, I think the third is
but an instance of the second, for one who makes a statement under such
circumstances can have no real belief in the truth of what he states. _To
prevent_ a false statement being fraudulent, there must, I think, always be
_an honest belief in its truth_. And this probably covers the whole ground,
for one who knowingly alleges that which is false, has obviously no such
honest belief. Thirdly, if fraud be proved, the motive of the person guilty of
it is immaterial. It matters not that there was no intention to cheat or
injure the person to whom the statement was made. [emphasis added]

33 Lord Herschell’s statement of principle is now an established part of the
Singapore legal landscape relating to fraudulent misrepresentation (see, for
example, the decision of this court in _Wishing Star_ (at [16]–[17], as well
as the authorities cited therein)).

41 In so far as the requisite standard of proof is concerned, the following
observations in _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna_ (at [30]) might be usefully noted:

30 It is, in our view, of the first importance to emphasise right at the
outset the _relatively high standard of proof_ which must be satisfied by the
representee (here, the Appellant) before a fraudulent misrepresentation can be
established successfully against the representor (here, the Deceased). As V K
Rajah JA put it in the Singapore High Court decision of _Vita Health
Laboratories Pte Ltd v Pang Seng Meng_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 162 (at [30]), the
allegation of fraud is a serious one and that “[g]enerally speaking, the
graver the allegation, the higher the standard of proof incumbent on the
claimant”. If an allegation of fraud is successfully made, the representor
would be justifiably found to have been guilty of _dishonesty_. Dishonesty is
a grave allegation requiring a high standard of proof. In a similar vein, this
court in _Tang Yoke Kheng v Lek Benedict_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 263 observed thus
(at [14]):

[W]e would reiterate that the standard of proof in a civil case, **_including
cases where fraud is alleged_** , is that based on a balance of probabilities;
_but the more serious the allegation, the more the party, on whose shoulders
the burden of proof falls, may have to do if he hopes to establish his case_.
[emphasis added]

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

(3) Contracts entered into with the object of committing an illegal act

42 There is yet another possible – and far more general – category of
contracts which might be void and unenforceable at common law. This finds
perhaps its best exposition in the leading judgment by Devlin J (as he then
was) in the English High Court decision of _St John Shipping Corp v Joseph
Rank Ltd_ [1957] 1 QB 267 (“ _St John Shipping_ ”). In an area of law which is
both confused and confusing, _St John Shipping_ stands (if we may say so) as a
rare beacon of light to guide lawyers, courts, jurists, and students along a
path which is unclear at best and pitch black (with the occasional obstacle to
boot) at worst. That is why it has – and as a first instance judgment at that
– not only stood the test of time but has also continued to furnish valuable
guidance almost six decades after it was first handed down.

43 The crucial passage in the judgment of Devlin J in _St John Shipping_ (at
283) is as follows:

[A] contract which is entered into _with the object of committing an illegal
act is unenforceable_. The application of this principle _depends upon proof
of the intent, at the time the contract was made, to break the law_ ; _if_ the
intent is _mutual_ the contract is _not enforceable at all_ , and, _if
unilateral_ , it is _unenforceable at the suit of the party who is proved to
have it_. [emphasis added]

44 The following elaboration of the principle enunciated by Devlin J may be
usefully noted (see _Illegality and Public Policy_ at paras 13.050–13.052):

(_c_) _Situations where there is neither express nor implied prohibition_

If, in fact, there is neither express nor implied [statutory] prohibition of
the contract, it would appear… that the transaction is wholly untainted by
illegality: at least in so far as adverse civil consequences in the context of
the law of contract is concerned. This is indeed both logical as well as the
general rule. _However_ , there is a _qualification_ which needs to be dealt
with – if only briefly – in this work.

(i) A qualification – Relevance of parties’ intentions

The qualification to the general rule that the contract will be upheld in the
civil sphere in the absence of either an express or an implied prohibition of
the contract centres on the _intention of one or both of the contracting
parties_. Once again, the following observations by Devlin J in _St John
Shipping Corp v Joseph Rank Ltd_ [(1957) 1 QB 267] are apposite:

[A] contract which is entered into _with the object of committing an illegal
act is unenforceable_. The application of this _principle depends upon proof
of the intent, at the time the contract was made, to break the law; if_ the
intent is _mutual_ the contract is _not enforceable at all_ , and, if
unilateral, it is _unenforceable at the suit of the party who is proved to
have it_. [emphasis added]

To summarise, where a party enters into a contract _with the intention of
contravening the statute_ , he (as a “ _guilty party_ ”) _cannot_ enforce his
rights under the terms of the contract. If, of course, _both_ contracting
parties enter into the contract with such an intention, then _both_ of them
would _not_ be allowed to enforce their respective rights under the terms of
the contract (_ie_ , both would be considered, in such a situation, to be “
_guilty parties_ ”). All this is eminently logical and commonsensical. It
would _constitute a general affront to public policy_ for the court concerned
to allow either party or both parties to enforce the contract _if either or
both had the intention of contravening the provision(s) of the statute
concerned_.

[emphasis in original]

45 It will be noticed from the quotation in the preceding paragraph that, even
if the statutory provision(s) concerned does not prohibit the contract _per
se_ , the contract could still be void and unenforceable _at common law_ if
one or both parties entered into it with the intention or purpose of
_contravening the statutory provision(s)_ in question. Reference may also be
made, in this regard, to the Report by the Law Commission of England and
Wales, entitled _Illegal Transactions: The Effect of Illegality on Contracts
and Trusts_ LCCP No 154 (1999) (“ _Illegal Transactions (1999)_ ”) at para
2.24.

46 On the general level of principle, the court will not permit the “guilty
party” to benefit from his own (here, legal) wrong as this would be an affront
to public policy. As a matter of public interest, the court should not appear
to reward or condone a breach of the law. _However_ , it is acknowledged that
there might conceivably be legal wrongs intended to be committed by one or
more parties which are _relatively trivial_. In this last-mentioned situation,
it is arguable that it might be _disproportionate_ for the court to decide
that the contract concerned is rendered void and unenforceable. Put simply,
there are _degrees of illegality._

47 Nevertheless, might it be argued that permitting the court to decide
whether or not the (intentional) commission of a particular legal wrong ought
to render the contract in question void and unenforceable would result in
excessive uncertainty? While we recognise that such an approach may lead to
_some_ uncertainty, we are ultimately of the view that this does not justify
precluding in a blanket fashion the exercise of such discretion by the court.
If this were so, the entire contract would be rendered void and unenforceable,
regardless of the relative importance (or unimportance) of the legal wrong
committed (which might not even be related to the actual contract). This would
engender _precisely the opposite_ result that was intended to be achieved by
Devlin J’s proposition (set out above at [43]) and, ironically, undermine the
very _raison d’être_ of that proposition. Put another way, this would be to
extend – in an unjustifiable manner – the reach of the doctrine of illegality
and public policy and result in the very dangers which the court has to guard
against in the context of this doctrine (which includes the unnecessary
negation of contracts otherwise legitimately entered into between the parties
concerned).

48 What would constitute a legal wrong that ought, in the circumstances, to
result in the contract concerned being rendered void and unenforceable is an
exercise in _application_ , which is a basic process that the courts effect on
a daily basis. This was also recognised by the Privy Council in _Vita Food
Products Inc v Unus Shipping Co Limited (In Liquidation)_ [1939] AC 277 at 293
where Lord Wright observed thus:

Each case has to be considered on its merits. Nor must it be forgotten that
the rule by which contracts not expressly forbidden by statute or declared to
be void are in proper cases nullified for disobedience to a statute is a rule
of public policy only, and public policy understood in a wider sense may at
times be better served by refusing to nullify a bargain save on serious and
sufficient grounds.

49 In fact, the recognition of contracts entered into with the object of
committing an illegal act as void and unenforceable at common law has recently
been confirmed by case law itself. One such decision is that of the English
Court of Appeal in _ParkingEye Ltd v Somerfield Stores Ltd_ [2013] 2 WLR 939
(“ _ParkingEye_ ”) and another is the English High Court decision of _21_ st
_Century Logistical Solution v Madysen_ [2004] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 92 (“ _Madysen_
”). There is also an academic antecedent (at least in the context of the
decision of _Madysen_) in the form of one of the leading articles in the
Commonwealth on illegality and public policy published almost half a century
ago: see M P Furmston, “The Analysis of Illegal Contracts” (1965-1966) 16  _U
Toronto LJ_ 267 (“ _Furmston_ ”).

50 The relevant part of _Furmston_ for the purposes of the present analysis
centres on the learned author’s perceptive analysis of, _inter alia_ , the
oft-cited English Court of Appeal decision of _Alexander v Rayson_ [1936] 1 KB
169 (“ _Alexander_ ”). In _Alexander_ , the contract concerned consisted of
two separate documents, one a lease (with the benefit of certain services) at
a rent of £450 per annum, the second requiring payment of £750 per annum for
the provision of various services. The second document, however, covered
essentially the _same_ services as those embodied in the first document
(except for the provision and maintenance of a refrigerator). The object of
this “double-document arrangement” was to reduce the amount of tax payable and
thus defraud the revenue authorities.

51 The court in _Alexander_ held the contract to be illegal and void.
Significantly, the court recognised as established the principle that the
court might refuse to enforce a contract where it appeared that the _subject
matter_ of that contract was intended to be used for an unlawful purpose, and
held that this principle applied equally where the contract itself (_ie_ , the
documents themselves) was intended to be used for an unlawful purpose. The
court articulated the following principles of law (see _Alexander_ at 182):

It is settled law that an agreement to do an act that is illegal or immoral or
contrary to public policy, or to do any act for a consideration that is
illegal, immoral or contrary to public policy, is unlawful and therefore void.
But it often happens that an agreement _which in itself is not unlawful is
made with the intention of one or both parties to make use of the subject
matter for an unlawful purpose_ , that is to say a purpose that is illegal,
immoral or contrary to public policy. The most common instance of this is an
agreement for the sale or letting of an object, where the agreement is
unobjectionable on the face of it, but where the intention of both or one of
the parties is that the object shall be used by the purchaser or hirer for an
unlawful purpose. In such a case any party to the agreement who had the
unlawful intention is precluded from suing upon it. Ex turpi causa non oritur
actio. The action does not lie because the Court will not lend its help to
such a plaintiff. … [emphasis added]

It is interesting to note that the above principles were followed by Devlin J
in _Edler_.

52 The facts and holding of _Alexander_ are straightforward enough, but what
is interesting is the point made in _Furmston_ that the contract in
_Alexander_ was illegal not because it was a contract to defraud the revenue
(as it did not require any party to do anything which involved a fraud on the
revenue and indeed could have been performed without any such fraud). Instead,
it was illegal because of the plaintiff’s _intention_ to use the contractual
documents to assist in misleading the revenue authorities (see _Furmston_ at p
287).

53 More generally, Prof Furmston observed that “it is dangerous to think of
illegal contracts as consisting wholly or even mainly of agreements to do acts
contrary to the policy of the law” and that “it is quite clear that agreements
which on their face are harmless, and which can be performed without
infringing any legal rule, may still be held illegal” (see _Furmston_ at pp
285–286). Prof Furmston therefore suggested that _Alexander_ belonged to a
class of illegal contracts in which a contract may involve the doing of an act
legal in itself, but with the intention by one of the parties that it provides
the setting for the ultimate effecting of an act contrary to the policy of the
law. Such a transaction is thus _not_ an illegal _contract_ as such, although
public policy requires that the transaction be treated _as if_ the contract
itself were illegal. We observe (parenthetically) at this juncture that this
is precisely the (broad) category of illegality at common law that we are
presently considering and which (as we have already noted) finds expression by
Devlin J in _St John Shipping_ (quoted above at [43]).

54 Also relevant in the context of the present appeal is Prof Furmston’s
further analysis in this article of the _limits_ of such a category. In
particular, he was of the view that in so far as the contract was concerned,
“it is clear that there must come a point when the connection with the
plaintiff’s intention is _too remote_ ” (see _Furmston_ at p 287 (emphasis
added), where Prof Furmston had actually drawn upon the reference to the
concept of remoteness by du Parcq J _at first instance_ in _Alexander_ itself
(see _Alexander_ at 171)). When, in other words, does the link between the
contract (which is legal in itself) and the illegal purpose it is supposed to
effect become too tenuous?

55 It should be noted that it was precisely this passage from _Furmston_ (and
the point made therein) which was cited, endorsed, and applied by Field J in
_Madysen._ Significantly, in our view, this same passage was also cited by
Toulson LJ (as he then was) (with whom Smith and Mummery LJJ agreed) in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Anglo Petroleum Ltd and another v TFB
(Mortgages) Ltd_ [2007] All ER (D) 243 (May) (“ _Anglo Petroleum_ ”) (at
[81]). This is significant because of Toulson LJ’s later judgment in the
(also) English Court of Appeal decision in _ParkingEye –_ to which our
attention now briefly turns.

56 However, before proceeding to do so, it is important to emphasise that the
application of the principle of remoteness is very much a _fact-centric_
inquiry. One possible factor that could be applied to this inquiry is whether
there was any overt step in carrying out the unlawful intention taken in the
transaction itself (see, for example, _Alexander_ at 189). This requirement of
“overt action” was one of the factors identified by the commentary in
_Buckley_ on _Alexander_ and _Madysen_ , which cautioned that it was an
important but not necessary condition for a finding of illegality (see
_Buckley_ at para 7.11).

57 Returning to _ParkingEye_ , in that case there was a contract for the
plaintiff to supply the defendant with an automated parking system at some of
its supermarket car parks. Under this contract, the plaintiff received no
payment from the defendant but instead was allowed to retain all the “fines”
collected from the defendant’s customers who overstayed their free parking
time in the car park.

58 In _ParkingEye_ , when the plaintiff brought a claim for damages for
repudiatory breach of the contract, the defendant raised an illegality defence
based on false representations made in the demand letters sent by the
plaintiff to the defendant’s customers. The form of the demand letters was not
stipulated in the contract but had been drafted by the plaintiff and approved
by the defendant before the contract was made. The trial judge rejected this
defence and found that although the plaintiff had committed the tort of fraud
or deceit by deliberately inserting falsehoods into some of the demand letters
(even though it had not appreciated the potential legal implications of the
letters), the contract was not tainted by illegality because the approval of
the form of the demand letters was _collateral_ and _distinct_ from the main
contract.

59 The English Court of Appeal (comprising Laws and Toulson LJJ, as well as
Sir Robin Jacob) held that the trial judge had rightly rejected the illegality
defence since the illegality was neither central to nor necessary for the
performance of the contract and to disallow the claim on the ground of
illegality would lead to a disproportionate result.

60 At first glance, it would appear that Toulson LJ and Sir Robin Jacob (with
whom Laws LJ agreed) applied different tests to arrive at the same result in
_ParkingEye_. In particular, Toulson LJ considered the three factors of (a)
the object and intent of the claimant; (b) the centrality of the illegality;
and (c) the nature of the illegality whereas Sir Robin Jacob applied the
“disproportionate” test. A closer examination of the judgment in _ParkingEye_
, however, demonstrates that all three judges in _ParkingEye_ were really in
agreement that the _general approach_ of the courts should be to look at the
various policy considerations underlying the defence of illegality to assess
whether refusal of the remedy sought would be a _proportionate_ response to
the illegality.

61 Sir Robin Jacob, who applied the “disproportionate” test, explained the
principle of proportionality as involving “the assessment of how far refusal
of the remedy furthers one or more of the specific policies underlying the
defence of illegality” (see _ParkingEye_ at [39]). Indeed, Toulson LJ was very
much in agreement that this should be the approach taken towards the
application of the illegality defence. This is evident from the preliminary
sections of Toulson LJ’s analysis (see _ParkingEye_ at [51]) endorsing the
following provisional recommendations in the Consultative Report by the Law
Commission of England and Wales, entitled _The Illegality Defence_ LCCP No 189
(2009) (“ _The Illegality Defence (2009)_ ”) (at paras 3.142–3.144):

3.142 We provisionally recommend that the courts should consider in each case
whether the application of the illegality defence can be justified on the
basis of the policies that underlie that defence. These include: (a)
furthering the purpose of the rule which the illegal conduct has infringed;
(b) consistency; (c) that the claimant should not profit from his or her own
wrong; (d) deterrence; and (e) maintaining the integrity of the legal system.
Against those policies must be weighed the legitimate expectation of the
claimant that his or her legal rights will be protected. _Ultimately a
balancing exercise is called for which weighs up the application of the
various policies at stake. Only when depriving the claimant of his or her
rights is a proportionate response based on the relevant illegality policies,
should the defence succeed._ The judgment should explain the basis on which it
has done so.

3.143 We also consider that it would be helpful if, rather than simply asking
whether the contract is illegal – a term which itself is vague and confusing –
the courts were to ask whether the particular claimant, in the circumstances
which have occurred, should be denied his or her usual relief in respect of
the particular claim. This focus on the particular claimant and particular
claim are important. As we have suggested, one of the most important factors
bearing on the case will be the closeness of the connection between the claim
and the unlawful conduct. It may well be the case that it would be a
proportionate response to deny the claimant relief in respect of one of the
defendant’s obligations, where this is closely linked to the claimant’s
unlawful actions, but not to any other.

3.144 We provisionally recommend that the courts should consider whether
illegality is a defence to the particular claim brought by the particular
claimant, rather than whether the contract is “illegal” as a whole.

[emphasis in bold in original omitted; emphasis in italics added]

62 Significantly, Toulson LJ also particularly endorsed (see _ParkingEye_ at
[53]) the following statement by Etherton LJ in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Les Laboratoires Servier v Apotex Inc_ [2012] EWCA Civ 593;
[2013] RPC 21 (“ _Les Laboratoires_ ”) at [75]:

[W]hat is required in each case is an intense analysis of the particular facts
and of the proper application of the various policy considerations underlying
the illegality principle so as to produce a _just and proportionate_ response
to the illegality. That is not the same as an unbridled discretion. [emphasis
added]

Toulson LJ then discussed the principle enunciated by Devlin J in _St John
Shipping_ that a contract which is entered into with the object of committing
an illegal act is unenforceable (see above at [43]), and enunciated the three
factors summarised above (at [60]) _in the context_ of this principle. It thus
appears that Toulson LJ’s three factors were _specific_ to assessing the
proper scope and application of the principle in _St John Shipping_ and
certainly did not detract from the _general_ approach addressed earlier that
the court should consider the various policy considerations underlying the
illegality principle so as to produce a _proportionate_ response to the
illegality. Indeed, in Toulson LJ’s conclusion, he reiterated that the
illegality defence should be rejected in that case since “it would not be a
just and _proportionate_ response to the illegality” [emphasis added] (see
_ParkingEye_ at [79]).

63 It would however appear that “remoteness” or “proximity” was the decisive
test which was adopted in _Madysen_ , as opposed to a test of proportionality.
In _Madysen_ , the plaintiff company was incorporated as part of a “missing
trader fraud” or “carousel fraud” scheme designed to defraud the tax
authorities of value added tax (“VAT”). This scheme involved a trading entity
(_ie_ , the “missing trader”) being incorporated and registered for VAT within
the United Kingdom. This entity would purchase goods from suppliers outside
the United Kingdom but within the European Union free from VAT, sell the goods
on in the United Kingdom, charging VAT, and then pocket the VAT arising from
the supply of goods without accounting to the tax authorities. In _Madysen_ ,
the plaintiff purchased a consignment of goods from Luxembourg without VAT,
and then entered into a contract to sell the goods (with VAT) on to the
defendants. The defendants refused to make payment and contended that the
contract was unenforceable for illegality. Field J held that the fraudulent
intention of the plaintiff at the time of the contract did not render the
contract illegal because it was too remote from the contract; there was not “a
sufficient proximity between [the plaintiff’s] fraudulent intention and the
contract for the contract to be vitiated by illegality” (see _Madysen_ at
[21]).

64 In our view, there is, in substance, no real difference between the
approaches taken in _ParkingEye_ and _Madysen_. For instance, if the illegal
conduct is _too remote_ from the contract concerned, then it could be argued
that to find that that contract is rendered void and unenforceable because of
that illegal conduct would be to administer the doctrine of illegality and
public policy in a _disproportionate_ manner. However, it seems to us that the
principle of proportionality is broader and more malleable than that of
remoteness. It is capable of encompassing not only the concept of remoteness
of the illegality but also considerations such as the nature of the illegality
(_ie_ , whether the illegality was of a serious or trivial nature) and the
relative effects on the parties of rendering the contract concerned
unenforceable.

65 Therefore, whilst there may (in most situations at least) be no real
difference between these two approaches in _ParkingEye_ and _Madysen_
respectively, the principle of proportionality is probably preferable for its
simplicity and adaptability. Indeed, proportionality has long formed part of
the judicial approach towards the doctrine of illegality and public policy. As
Bingham LJ (as he then was) observed in the English Court of Appeal decision
of _Saunders v Edwards_ [1987] 1 WLR 1116 at 1134:

Where issues of illegality are raised, the courts have (as it seems to me) to
steer a middle course between two unacceptable positions. On the one hand it
is unacceptable that any court of law should aid or lend its authority to a
party seeking to pursue or enforce an object or agreement which the law
prohibits. On the other hand, it is unacceptable that the court should, on the
first indication of unlawfulness affecting any aspect of a transaction, draw
up its skirts and refuse all assistance to the plaintiff, no matter how
serious his loss nor how disproportionate his loss to the unlawfulness of his
conduct.

66 We would therefore agree that where a contract is entered into with the
object of committing an illegal act, the general approach that the courts
should undertake is to examine the relevant policy considerations underlying
the illegality principle so as to produce a _proportionate_ response to the
illegality in each case. As alluded to above, this was the approach advocated
by the English Law Commission and endorsed by Toulson LJ in _ParkingEye_. The
English Law Commission in _The Illegality Defence (2009)_ at paras 3.126–3.135
considered that the factors relevant to assessing proportionality included:
(a) whether allowing the claim would undermine the purpose of the prohibiting
rule; (b) the seriousness of the offence; (c) the causal connection between
the claim and the illegal conduct; (d) the conduct of the parties; and (e) the
proportionality of denying the claim (similar factors were previously stated
in _Illegal Transactions (1999)_ at paras 7.27–7.43).

67 Factor (c) above relates to how closely the unlawful conduct is connected
to the particular claim. It is in substance similar to the principle of
remoteness of the illegality, which was the very pith and marrow of Prof
Furmston’s view as set out above (at [54]), and which (as we have seen) was
also applied in _Madysen_ , _Anglo Petroleum_ and (most recently)
_ParkingEye_. This principle of remoteness of the illegality means that some
real or central (and not merely remote) connection must be demonstrated by the
party relying on the defence of illegality between the contract concerned and
the unlawful intention (whether that unlawful intention relates to a
contravention of statute or the common law). We have also noted above that a
key indication as to whether the illegality is too remote from the contract
lies in whether any overt step in carrying out the unlawful intention was
taken in the contract itself (see above at [56]).

68 In so far as the factor (e) at [66] above concerning the proportionality of
denying the claim is concerned, we would observe from the commentary on this
factor that it in fact relates to the consequences of denying the claim (see
_The Illegality Defence (2009)_ at paras 3.135). Proportionality is therefore
not simply one of the factors to be considered, but applies as _an overarching
principle_ for the court to determine whether denial of the relief sought is a
_proportionate_ response to the illegality.

69 It should be noted that the factors first proposed by the English Law
Commission in _Illegal Transactions 1999_ were also discussed by the Law
Reform Committee of the Singapore Academy of Law in its report entitled
_Relief from Unenforceability of Illegal Contracts and Trusts_ (5 July 2002)
(at para 8.10) and adopted in a modified (but substantially similar) form in
the Committee’s proposed draft bill, entitled “Illegal Transactions (Relief)
Act 2002”, which accompanied the report. The relevant section of the draft
bill reads as follows:

**Relevant considerations**

**6**.—(1) In granting or refusing to grant relief… the court shall have
regard to all relevant circumstances including —

(a)the public interest;

(_b_)the seriousness of the illegality;

(_c_)whether denying relief will act as a deterrent;

(_d_)whether denying relief will further the purpose of the rule which renders
the transaction illegal;

(_e_)whether denying relief is proportionate to the illegality involved;

(_f_)the circumstances of the formation or performance of the illegal
transaction, including the intent, knowledge, conduct and relationship of the
parties;

(_g_)whether any party to the illegal transaction was, at a material time,
acting under a mistake or fact or law;

(_h_)the extent to which the illegal transaction has been performed;

(_i_)whether the written law which renders the transaction illegal has been
substantially complied with;

(_j_)whether and to what extent the written law which renders the transaction
illegal provides relief; and

(_k_)other consequences of denying relief.

70 We would summarise the general factors which the courts should look at in
assessing proportionality in the context of contracts entered into with the
object of committing an illegal act as including the following: (a) whether
allowing the claim would undermine the purpose of the prohibiting rule; (b)
the nature and gravity of the illegality; (c) the remoteness or centrality of
the illegality to the contract; (d) the object, intent, and conduct of the
parties; and (e) the consequences of denying the claim.

71 It should be emphasised that this is not necessarily a conclusive list of
factors and, more importantly, that these factors should not be applied in a
rigid or mechanistic fashion. Rather, these factors should be applied to each
individual case, and weighed and considered by the court in the context of the
particular facts of that case itself. All this underscores the very _fact-
centric_ nature of the inquiry that has to be undertaken by the court in this
regard. This is not perhaps entirely satisfactory when viewed from a strictly
theoretical perspective but is, in our view, only to be expected in the
_practical_ context in which the _application_ of the law to the relevant
_facts_ is involved (and in which the inherently difficult concept of public
policy (see above at [33]–[35]) is also involved).

72 Similar sentiments were echoed by Etherton LJ in _Les Laboratoires_ at [63]
(which sentiments were, in turn, cited in part by Sir Robin Jacob in
_ParkingEye_ at [28]), as follows:

Counsel on both sides conducted an extensive review of many authorities on the
illegality principle. They all argued, however, in their respective ways for
an analysis and statement of the law which is too dogmatic and inflexible. It
is not necessary in order to resolve this appeal to undertake a comprehensive
analysis of the decided cases. Such an exercise would in any event be complex,
very lengthy, and in large part unrewarding. _The decisions inevitably turn on
their own particular facts. The statements of law or principle they contain
are not all consistent or easily reconciled. The jurisprudence in this area
has been an evolving one, but its evolution has not followed a consistent
pattern._ … [emphasis added]

73 A more general observation on this particular category of illegality at
common law is apposite at this juncture. As we have already noted, this
category is a rather _broad and general_ one. On one view, it can be seen as a
kind of “ _bridging_ ” category which focuses on the substance of the
transaction instead of its form. To elaborate, one or both of the contracting
parties will not be permitted to evade the law (whether in its statutory or
common law form) by simply structuring the transaction in a manner which
renders the contract lawful on its face – if the underlying purpose of the
transaction would constitute a general affront to public policy.

74 That having been said, what, then, would constitute an _unlawful act_ which
would trigger the operation of such a category? Put another way, what would
constitute a purpose that is illegal or contrary to public policy?

75 One clear situation would involve contravention of a _statutory provision_.
Indeed, it should be noted that Devlin J in _St John Shipping_ rendered his
statement of principle (see above at [43]) in the context of an alleged
situation of _statutory illegality_. Likewise, in _Anglo Petroleum_ , the
English Court of Appeal expressly stated that a contract might be illegal and
unenforceable if it was entered into for the purpose of doing an act
prohibited by _statute_ (see _Anglo Petroleum_ at [54]). However, whether or
not there is a sufficient linkage or connection between the contract concerned
and the statutory contravention is one that depends upon the application of
the principles set out above (at [42]–[72]).

76 What, then, about an intended act or purpose that is unlawful in the
context of _the common law_? In particular, would that intended act or purpose
need to fall within the purview of _an established head_ of illegality? It
would appear that this ought to be the case simply because, whilst the heads
of public policy at common law are not closed, it would be a circular argument
of sorts to seek to premise unlawful conduct on a head that has yet to be
established at common law. However, if so, could it then be argued that the
contract concerned would fall foul of _that_ particular head of public policy
_in any event_ , so that there would be _no need to invoke_ the present (and
more general) category? Correlatively, if the court could be persuaded that a
new head of public policy ought to be established, then there would be no need
to invoke this (more _general_) category in the first place. That having been
said, it is unnecessary for us to arrive at a conclusive view in the present
appeal, since the only unlawful act at common law which is potentially
involved in this case is the defrauding of a third party, which clearly falls
within an established head of public policy.

77 To _summarise_ , there is a category of contracts illegal at common law
which comprise contracts entered into with an illegal or unlawful object. Such
contracts, because they are in themselves not unlawful, can be distinguished
from contracts to do acts that are illegal or contrary to public policy (for
example, contracts to commit a crime, tort, or fraud). Case law has
demonstrated that this category may include contracts entered into with the
object of using the _subject-matter_ of the contract for an illegal purpose,
contracts entered into with the intention of using the _contractual
documentation_ for an illegal purpose, as well as contracts which are intended
to be performed in an _illegal manner_. Further, the application of the
doctrine of illegality to this particular category of contracts is subject to
the (limiting) principle of proportionality. This, in turn, necessitates a
consideration of (_inter alia_) the factors outlined above (at [70]),
including the remoteness or centrality of the illegality to the contract. In
the final analysis, the question is whether, on the facts and circumstances of
each individual case, the refusal to enforce the contract is a proportionate
response to the unlawful conduct concerned, taking into account the various
policies underlying the doctrine of illegality and public policy.

78 Let us now turn to apply the relevant legal principles set out above to the
facts of the present appeal.

Our decision

79 It is necessary to first identify and define the alleged illegality. If the
illegality cannot be identified, then there is no need to even consider the
effects of illegality, let alone how such effects can be mitigated (see
_Illegality and Public Policy_ at para 13.005). Also, the fact of an alleged
illegality cannot be assumed when it has yet to be proved (see, for example,
the decision of this court in _AJU v AJT_ [2011] 4 SLR 739).

80 In our view, the illegality in the present case was the (intended)
contravention of a statutory instrument in the form of the 5 October Notice.
On the Respondents’ own evidence, they had intentionally requested that the
Option be backdated for the purposes of obtaining a bank loan on the more
favourable terms allowed prior to the 5 October Notice (see above at [8]). The
illegality was in the Respondents’ _intention_ (which was not apparent on the
face of the Option) to use the Option itself (_ie_ , its documentation) to
circumvent and contravene the 5 October Notice.

81 It is no answer to say that the Option itself did not require the doing of
anything which involved a breach of the Act or the 5 October Notice, or that
the Option could have been performed by the parties without such contravention
of the law. The Option falls under the head of illegality at common law
concerning contracts entered into with the object of committing an illegal act
(discussed above at [42]_–_[77]). As we have seen, this category of contracts
is recognised as void and unenforceable at common law because the courts will
look not only at the form of the transaction but also its substance and
therefore find that an unlawful intention behind the contract renders the
contract itself unlawful.

82 Proceeding to apply the principle of proportionality, we are of the view
that to refuse the Respondents enforcement of the Option would indeed be a
proportionate response to the illegality, taking into account the relevant
factors identified above (at [70]). First of all, the Respondents’ object and
intent from the outset was to use the (false) date stated in the Option for a
purpose which they knew was prohibited. As we have already noted above, the
Respondents very well knew about the 5 October Notice around the time it was
announced.

83 Secondly, the nature of the illegal act which the Respondents set out to
commit was not trivial. The main policy objective of the 5 October Notice was
to limit the quantum of residential property loans so as to foster stability
in the property market (a point which will be elaborated on further at [119]
in the context of statutory illegality). That part of the 5 October Notice
which the Respondents sought to contravene was directly related to this policy
objective and was not merely trivial or administrative in nature.

84 Thirdly, allowing the Respondents’ claim would undermine the purpose of the
rule which the illegal conduct has infringed, that is, the 5 October Notice.
As we have already noted, that part of the 5 October Notice which the
Respondents sought to contravene was directly related to its main policy
objective of fostering price stability in the property market; this policy
objective would indeed be undermined if we were to permit the Respondents to
enforce the backdated Option.

85 Fourthly, and most importantly, the Respondents’ illegal purpose was not
too remote from the Option. In this regard, a key factor to take into account
is that there was indeed an overt (an integral) step in carrying out the
Respondents’ unlawful intention taken in the Option itself; this overt step
was the stating of a false (and earlier) date in the Option. In other words,
the objectionable part of the transaction resided within the Option itself and
not outside it. In this respect, the present case bears resemblance to the
case of _Alexander_ , where the splitting of the transaction into two
documents was held to be an overt step in carrying out the fraudulent
intention and therefore rendered the documents unenforceable (see _Alexander_
at 189).

86 In so far as the remoteness of the illegality is concerned, the present
case is also analogous to two other cases in which the contracts concerned
were held to be unenforceable. The first case is the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Napier v National Business Agency, Ltd_ [1951] 2 All ER 264 (“
_Napier_ ”), which concerned an employment agreement that provided for payment
in two capacities, the first being £13 per week for salary and the second
being £6 per week for expenses. It was known to both parties that the latter
figure of £6 per week for expenses was inflated for the purposes of reducing
the amount of income tax payable by the employer. It was therefore held that
the employee was not entitled to enforce the agreement, although his claim was
only in respect of his salary of £13 per week, because the “insertion of a
fictitious figure for expenses in order to defraud the revenue” was illegal
and vitiated the whole agreement (see _Napier_ at 266).

87 The second case is the decision of the Canadian Supreme Court in
_Zimmermann v Letkeman_ [1978] 1 SCR 1097 (“ _Zimmermann_ ”). In this case,
the transaction, which was for the sale and purchase of a property, consisted
of two documents: (a) an offer to purchase and an acceptance stating a price
of CAN$135,000; and (b) a document stating the actual price of CAN$117,500 and
that it rendered the signed offer to purchase “null and void pertaining to
purchase price”. Applying _Alexander_ , the trial judge held that the buyer
was not entitled to enforce the agreement for sale of the property since he
had intended to use the false purchase price in the first document for the
purpose of getting a larger loan from the mortgage company than he would
otherwise have been able to justify. The Canadian Supreme Court affirmed the
trial judge’s decision. It is evident from the outcome of the case that the
court did not think that the buyer’s illegal intention was too remote from the
contract, even though it did not expressly address the issue.

88 Conversely, the present situation can be distinguished from _ParkingEye_
and _Madysen_ , where any illegality was merely _external or incidental to_
the contracts concerned and there was no overt step in the transaction itself
taken in pursuance of the fraud. In _ParkingEye_ , the form of the demand
letters was not stipulated in the contract, which was for the installation of
automated parking systems in car parks. Similarly, in _Madysen_ , the contract
itself was a straightforward agreement for the sale of goods that was lawful
in itself; it merely provided the _opportunity_ for the plaintiff company to
profit from the intended fraud (see _Madysen_ at [19]). In contrast, in the
present case, the Option itself misrepresented the actual facts by stating a
false date.

89 It is pertinent to note that a number of other factors distinguish the
present case from _ParkingEye_. Firstly, in _ParkingEye_ , one of the relevant
considerations which led to a rejection of the illegality defence was that the
claimant did not have a “fixed intention” of acting unlawfully as it had not
appreciated the potential legal implications of the letters and that if
someone had pointed them out, the letters would have been changed (see
_ParkingEye_ at [19], [68] and [75]). In contrast, it is not in dispute in
this appeal that the Respondents appreciated the legal implications of the 5
October Notice on the quantum of their impending loan from the Bank and had
asked for the backdating of the Option precisely to avoid those legal
implications.

90 Secondly, in _ParkingEye_ , it was recognised that the contract was not a
one-off contract but a contract involving continuous performance over time
that was largely carried out lawfully and, indeed, could have been lawfully
performed for the rest of the contractual term had the defendant drawn
attention to the objectionable features of the claimant’s demand letters (see
_ParkingEye_ at [35] and [77]). Such a consideration obviously does not apply
to the Option in the present case, which is a one-off contract for the sale of
real property.

91 Finally, in _ParkingEye_ , the court considered that to allow the
illegality defence to succeed would have given the defendant a windfall reward
for its own previous illegality and left the plaintiff with no remedy for its
lost income. This was a key factor which led the court in _ParkingEye_ to
conclude that to disallow the claim on the ground of illegality would not be a
proportionate response to the illegality.

92 This brings us to the final factor in relation to the consequences of
denying the Respondents’ claim. In the present case, to deny the Respondents’
claim would mean the loss of their entitlement to purchase the Property. Of
course, it could be argued that the Respondents would lose any increase in the
value of the Property from the time the Option was entered into, or the loss
of the opportunity to purchase another property. But there is no evidence of
such consequences adduced in the present case. Even if there were such
consequences, unlike the situation in _ParkingEye_ , this would not entail the
denial of compensation for substantial expenses incurred or work already done
by the Respondents. Nor do we regard as significant the Respondents’
unsupported allegation that denial of their claim would give the Appellant a
windfall due to the rising property market.

93 Perhaps the most that could be said of the Respondents’ loss if their
present claim is denied is that they might incur cancellation fees if they
chose to cancel the loan from the Bank or failed to draw down on the loan
within the requisite period. We note that this point was highlighted by the
Respondents’ solicitors in their letter of 24 October 2012 in response to the
Appellant’s withdrawal of the offer as stated in the Option as well as by the
Respondents in one of their affidavits filed in these proceedings. But a
cancellation of the loan from the Bank is not the necessary consequence of the
Respondents’ loss of the entitlement to purchase the Property. Moreover, this
point (even if it had been made) does not sit well with the Respondents’
reliance on the fact that the loan was never drawn down and that they had
offered to obtain financing in accordance with the 5 October Notice. In the
circumstances, we are of the view that the consequences of denying the
Respondents enforcement of the Option would not be so great as to render it a
disproportionate response to the illegality.

94 There are a number of finer issues which we should address for the sake of
completeness. For one, we would reject the Respondents’ argument that they had
abandoned their original unlawful intention by not drawing down on the loan
from the Bank and undertaking to obtain financing in compliance with the 5
October Notice (see above at [20]). There is no authority for the proposition
that a contract entered into with the intention of committing an illegal act
will no longer be considered illegal and unenforceable if the party with that
original intention subsequently decides not to carry out that intention. The
English decision of _Waugh v Morris_ (1873) LR 8 QB 202 (“ _Waugh_ ”), on
which the Respondents relied, does not in fact assist them.

95 _Waugh_ concerned a charterparty contract, under which the plaintiff’s ship
was to carry a cargo of hay from France to London. Unknown to the parties, the
law at that time prohibited the landing of hay from a French port in the
United Kingdom. When this law was discovered, the parties’ original intention
to land the hay in London was abandoned and the defendant charterers received
the cargo into another vessel and exported it. Blackburn J held that the
charterparty contract was not void, since the contract was not made knowingly
with the intention to violate the law and could be carried out without
violating the law (see _Waugh_ at 207–208). He held that “in order to avoid a
contract which can be legally performed, on the ground that there was an
intention to perform it in an illegal manner, it is necessary to shew that
there was the wicked intention to break the law; and if this be so, the
knowledge of what the law is becomes of great importance” (see _Waugh_ at
208). The decision in _Waugh_ has often been contrasted with the more recent
decision of the English Court of Appeal in _J M Allan (Merchandising) Ltd v
Cloke and another_ [1963] 2 QB 340 (“ _Allan_ ”) and, in particular, Lord
Denning MR’s holding in that case (see, for example, the case of _Anglo
Petroleum_ at [64] and the commentary in _Buckley_ at paras 3.05–3.06).

96 It is however unnecessary for us to discuss the distinction between _Waugh_
and _Allan_ in this case, as it is clear in any event that any abandonment of
an original unlawful intention can be taken into account only if there was an
ignorance of the unlawfulness of the intention in the first place. _Waugh_
does not assist the Respondents, who can be said to have had the “wicked
intention to break the law” at the time they entered into the Option. The
Respondents knew from the outset about the 5 October Notice and that the
backdating of the Option was to permit them to circumvent the 5 October Notice
by obtaining a larger loan than they were otherwise entitled to.

97 Viewed from another perspective, the Respondents’ attempt to “abandon”
their original intention by proposing to perform the contract in compliance
with the 5 October Notice is also irrelevant since the Respondents’ original
intention, which was unlawful and known to them to be unlawful, renders the
contract illegal in its very formation. For the same reason, there is nothing
in the Respondents’ point to the effect that the Option could have been
performed lawfully (by, for example, paying the purchase price in cash).

98 It is similarly irrelevant whether or not the Bank was eventually deceived
or suffered any damage such that it had a valid cause of action against the
Respondents. Once an illegal object of the contract has been established, that
object taints the _contract itself_ and it is no answer to say that the
illegal object has not been carried out. This point was noted in the English
Court of Appeal decision of _Birkett v Acorn Business Machines Ltd_ [1999] 2
All ER (Comm) 429 (“ _Birkett_ ”), where a contract drafted by the parties
with the intention of deceiving a finance company was held to be
unenforceable. In that case, Colman J held that “whether [the finance company]
was or was not deceived is irrelevant” since “the agreement was indisputably
one under which [the finance company] was _to be_ deceived” [emphasis in
original] (see _Birkett_ at 434). In a similar vein, Sedley LJ held that the
contract was founded upon an _intended_ fraud on a third party which tainted
the contract with illegality and was sufficient to render it unenforceable
(see _Birkett_ at 436). Whereas _Birkett_ related to an intended fraud rather
than an intended contravention of a statutory provision, we are of the view
that the principles inherent in the statements referred to above apply equally
to the present case.

99 We have hitherto held that the illegality in the present case was the
intended contravention of a statutory instrument in the form of the 5 October
Notice. In the course of argument, however, counsel for the Appellant, Mr
Alvin Yeo SC (“Mr Yeo”), submitted that the illegality was in the Respondents’
intention to deceive or defraud the Bank. In other words, the Respondents had
entered into the Option with the unlawful intention of committing the tort of
deceit or fraudulent misrepresentation on a third party, the Bank.

100 Mr Yeo disputed the Respondents’ evidence that it was Ong who had
suggested the backdating of the Option to them and argued that in any case,
even if Ong had given evidence to that effect, his actions would have been
outside the scope of his authority and therefore could not be imputed to the
Bank. In our view, there is some merit to Mr Yeo’s submissions, especially
since the Respondents’ knowledge of the 5 October Notice would cast at least
some doubt on whether they really thought that Ong was acting with the
authority of the Bank or in accordance with the official policy of the Bank.
However, bearing in mind the relatively high standard of proof required for
fraud and the fact that there was no affidavit evidence from Ong, we decline
to express a definite view on this particular issue.

101 If, however, it had been sufficiently shown that the Respondents had
entered into the Option with the unlawful intention of deceiving or defrauding
the Bank, we are of the view that the Option would still fall under the
general category of illegal contracts considered earlier, namely, contracts
entered into with the object of committing an illegal act. That being said, we
might then have been faced with a potential overlap between the category of
contracts to commit a crime, tort, or fraud on the one hand, and the (more
general) category of contracts entered into with the _object_ of committing an
illegal act (such as a crime, tort, or fraud) on the other. The distinction
between the two categories which has been maintained thus far has been that
contracts in the latter category are _ex facie_ legal and can be performed
without any illegality. We would however observe that a persuasive argument
might _also_ be made to the effect that the fraud concerned is such _a
fundamental part_ of the Option that the Option itself is so “tainted” (and is
therefore “turned into”) a _contract_ to commit a fraud on a third party (_ie_
, the Bank). In this vein, reference may be made to _The Illegality Defence_
(2009) at para 3.19, note 29, where, in the dealing with the situation when
the purpose of the contract is to facilitate the commission of a legal wrong,
the Law Commission of England and Wales noted that “[i]n several of the cases
the unlawful purpose has been to commit a fraud on a third party, such as the
revenue authorities” and that “[s]ome texts treat these contracts as falling
within _a discrete heading of public policy_ ”, although “we intend to include
them here _as the principles appear to be the same as when any other unlawful
purpose is intended_ ” [emphasis added]. This point is, in our view, not
unrelated (at least on a factual level) to the issue of proportionality, which
is an integral part of the category presently considered (_viz_ , contracts
entered into with the object of committing _an illegal act_).

102 In summary, the Option was a contract entered into with the illegal object
(at least on the part of the Respondents, who are therefore “guilty parties”
in the context of this part of the law relating to illegality and public
policy (see above at [44])) of contravening the 5 October Notice. Refusal to
enforce the Option in the present case would be an appropriate and
proportionate response in light of the Respondents’ clear intent to violate
the 5 October Notice at the time they entered into the Option. Moreover, the
insertion of a false date in the Option constituted an overt step in the
contract itself in furtherance of this illegal purpose. Having regard to this
factor and the similar cases of _Alexander_ , _Napier_ and _Zimmermann_ , the
backdating of the Option cannot be said to have been too remote from the
Option to render it unenforceable. In our view, public policy dictates that
the court in this case refuse its assistance to a party who has knowingly
backdated a contract with the clear purpose of using that false date to
contravene the law.

Statutory illegality

The applicable legal principles

(1) Contravention as a threshold requirement

103 A second source of difficulty in relation to the law relating to
illegality and public policy (at least in the context of the present appeal)
lies in the more specific sphere of _statutory_ illegality. Put simply, it is
not always easy to ascertain what the relevant legislative intent is. In this
regard, it is of the first importance to observe that there are at least two
significant principles which ought to be borne in mind. The first is an
eminently logical and commonsensical one: there must have been a contravention
of the statutory provision(s) concerned in the first place.

104 It should also be noted that the rubric of “statutory illegality” should
not be read too literally. As has been noted (see _Illegality and Public
Policy_ at para 13.008):

It should also be noted that contravention of _subsidiary legislation_ (as
opposed to primary acts or legislation) might also result in adverse
consequences under the law relating to contractual illegality. This is not
surprising in view of the fact that subsidiary legislation also has, of
course, the force of law. Where, however, guidelines do _not_ have the force
of law, there will be no legal consequences … [emphasis in original]

In the context of the present appeal, it should be noted that the 5 October
Notice was prescribed by the MAS pursuant to s 55 of the Act.

(2) Prohibition of _contract_ required _in addition to_ prohibition of conduct

105 This leads to the second principle: a contravention of the statutory
provision(s) concerned does not, _ipso facto_ , result in the _contract_
concerned being declared as void and unenforceable by the court. This brings
us back to the question of legislative intent. As has been observed (see
_Illegality and Public Policy_ at para 13.010):

After it is established that there is in fact a contravention of a given
statutory provision (or provisions, or subsidiary legislation), it must then
be considered whether this contravention will result in adverse civil
consequences. It does _not necessarily_ follow that adverse _civil_
consequences _will_ follow. While there may inevitably be relevant _criminal_
consequences for contravention (which are virtually always embodied with the
statutory provisions themselves), the same is not necessarily true with
respect to _civil_ consequences. In the civil sphere, whether or not the
_contract_ itself will be rendered void as a result depends very much on the
_interpretation_ of the provision(s) themselves in order to ascertain whether
or not such a drastic consequence was indeed part of the _legislative intent_.
[emphasis in original]

106 Put simply, the inquiry is whether the statutory provision concerned is
intended to prohibit only the conduct _or_ whether it is, instead, intended to
prohibit not only the conduct _but also the contract_ as well.

107 In order to ascertain what the relevant legislative intent is, the court
will generally adopt a “purposive approach” towards the construction of
statutes (see generally _Illegality and Public Policy_ at para 13.011). Where
the legislative intent is clear on the face of the statutory provision itself,
there is, _ex hypothesi_ , no need for the court to engage in further
analysis; as has been observed (see _Illegality and Public Policy_ at para
13.015):

In other words, whilst the legislative intent remains crucial, the plain
language on the face of the statute itself saves the court the time and
trouble of inquiring into the intention of parliament in so far as that
particular statute (or material provision thereof) is concerned.

108 As Ambrose J observed in the Singapore High Court decision of _Turquand,
Youngs & Co v Yat Yuen Hong Co Ltd_ [1965-1967] SLR(R) 517 (at [9]):

The dominant purpose in construing a statute is to ascertain the intention of
the Legislature as so expressed. The intention, and therefore the meaning of
the statute, is primarily to be sought in the words used in the statute
itself, _which must, if they are plain and unambiguous, be applied as they
stand_ : _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 36 (Butterworths, 3rd Ed) at para
578. As the words of [this] ordinance are clear and unambiguous, _it is not
open to the court to ascertain the intention of the Legislature by considering
how the law stood before the enactment of the ordinance and by looking at the
objects and reasons set out in the original bill to discover the mischief
which was intended to be suppressed._ [emphasis added]

109 Where the statutory provision is so clear, this would be a situation of “
_express_ prohibition”. In the nature of things, however, situations of
“express prohibition” are likely to be rare (albeit by no means non-existent
(see the examples set out in _Illegality and Public Policy_ at para 13.026)).
The more common situation is that of “ _implied_ prohibition”. As already
alluded to above, this particular situation entails the court having to
ascertain the legislative intent that is unclear on the face of the relevant
statutory language itself. This is, as has been pointed out, “a more
problematic category” as the analysis required “is not always easy” (see
_Illegality and Public Policy_ at para 13.027). In this regard, the following
observation (reiterating the very important point made above at [105]) might
also be usefully noted (see _Illegality and Public Policy_ at para 13.027):

It [is] helpful to state … what the _key focus_ ought to be in the form of the
following question: is the _object_ of the statute (or, more appropriately
provision(s) thereof) _only_ to prohibit the _conduct_ that is the subject of
the statutory penalty _or_ is the object, _in addition_ , to prohibit _the
very contract itself_? Adverse civil consequences _vis-à-vis_ the contract
concerned follow only where the latter question is also answered in the
affirmative. The _contract_ , at this point, is _impliedly prohibited_.
[emphasis in original]

110 In so far as the category of “implied prohibition” is concerned, Devlin
J’s words of caution in _St John Shipping_ that the courts should be slow to
imply the statutory prohibition of contracts should also be borne in mind.
Devlin J was of the opinion, and we agree, that a court should not hold that
any contract or class of contracts is prohibited by statute unless there is a
“clear implication” or “necessary inference” that this was what the statute
intended; an example of such a “clear implication” would be where a contract
had as its whole object the doing of the very act which the statute prohibited
(see _St John Shipping_ at 288).

111 In our view, judicial reticence in this particular regard is warranted for
the simple reason that statutory illegality generally takes no account of the
parties’ subjective intentions or relative culpability. As Devlin J put it in
_St John Shipping_ (at 281), the doctrine of statutory illegality “cares not
at all for the element of deliberation or for the gravity of the infraction,
and does not adjust the penalty to the profits unjustifiably earned”. A
liberal approach towards implied prohibition could render contracts
unenforceable even where the infraction was committed unwittingly. We would
therefore reiterate that courts should be reluctant to find that contracts are
impliedly prohibited by statute, especially given the proliferation of
administrative and regulatory provisions in modern legislation. In this
connection, any concern that contracts involving statutory contraventions
(especially intentional ones) might go unpunished will be addressed by the
common law.

112 As we have noted above (at [38] and [45]), a contract which contravenes a
particular statutory provision but is not prohibited by that provision _per
se_ can still be held to be void and unenforceable at common law for being
contrary to public policy. In particular, the broad category of contracts
entered into with the intention of committing an illegal act plays an
important “bridging” role (see above at [73]) to ensure that a party who has
entered into a contract with the intention of contravening a statutory
provision will not (subject to the principle of proportionality) be entitled
to enforce that contract. In such a situation, however, the illegality of the
contract is _not_ founded on the legislative intention that it should be so
prohibited, but because the court as a matter of public policy will not assist
such a party to benefit from his own wrongdoing.

113 To the extent that the focus is on whether or not the relevant legislative
intent is to prohibit the _contract_ in question, it has been argued –
persuasively, in our view – that the distinction drawn between contracts
illegal as _formed_ and illegal as _performed_ is, in the final analysis,
unhelpful simply because, where _the contract_ is indeed prohibited, “[t]he
statutory contravention strikes _in substance_ at the very root of the
contract itself” (see _Illegality and Public Policy_ at para 13.044 (emphasis
in original)). Put simply, this relates to the very _formation_ of the
contract itself, even where the contract has been said to have been illegally
“performed”. In other words, where there has been illegal _performance_ which
has resulted in the _contract_ being prohibited, the word “performance” ought
_not_ to be equated with the word “conduct” (the latter of which merely refers
to conduct that contravenes the statute and which results (in all likelihood)
only in criminal penalties). On the other hand, as has been observed (see
_Illegality and Public Policy_ at para 13.043):

[T]he concept of “illegal _performance_ ” (in the context of the law of
_contract_) is a legal term of art that centres around the issue as to whether
or not there are _additional (and adverse) civil consequences beyond the
criminal penalty in a situation where the prohibition is not express but,
rather, implied._ There are, in other words, _two conceptions_ of the concept
of “illegal performance”, both of which are _quite different_. The _first_
refers to _literal_ (illegal) performance, without which no issue of
illegality can arise in the first place; _criminal_ penalties may attach but
it still remains to be considered whether _additional (adverse) civil
consequences_ will attach. The _second_ refers to illegal performance that is
held – in law – to _entail (in addition to the relevant criminal penalties)
adverse civil consequences_ , having regard to the legislative intention
concerned. [emphasis in original]

114 In summary, there are two conceptions of the concept of “illegal
performance”. The first relates to the (literal) _conduct_ that is illegal
inasmuch as it (invariably) results in criminal penalties. The second relates
not only to the (literal) conduct just mentioned but also to the fact that
there are _legal_ consequences (in addition to the criminal penalties that
might be administered) inasmuch as _the contract itself_ is prohibited (either
by way of “express prohibition” _or_ “implied prohibition”)_._ The law of
contract is concerned primarily with this second conception (in particular,
the legal consequences just mentioned) at which point it is unhelpful to
maintain the distinction between the illegal formation and illegal performance
of contracts, simply because what is (legally) relevant are the very
(formative) roots of the contract.

115 The above analysis is also consistent with that of Devlin J in _St John
Shipping_ , where the learned judge observed as follows (at 284):

But whether it is the terms of the contract or the performance of it that is
called in question, the test is _just the same_ : is the _contract_ , **_as
made or as performed_** , a contract that is prohibited by the statute?
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

116 Put simply, it is important to focus on the crux of the inquiry which is
whether or not _the contract_ (as opposed to only the conduct) has been
prohibited. To this end, it is unhelpful, in our view, to get caught up in
semantical tangles (here, centring on the various conceptions of the concept
of “illegal performance”). Where _the contract_ is in fact prohibited, it is
struck (as has already been pointed out above) at _its very (formative)
roots_. Whilst the court below did (in substance) deal with the Option on this
basis, there appears, with respect, to be at least some conflation of the
various conceptions of the concept of “performance” (see the Judgment at
[16]). Such conflation can be avoided by focusing on whether or not the
statutory provision(s) concerned intended that _the contract_ be prohibited,
as opposed to (only) the conduct.

Our decision

117 In the present case, the relevant statutory instrument is the 5 October
Notice, a notice issued by the MAS pursuant to s 55 of the Act, which reads as
follows:

**Notices to banks**

**55**.—(1) The Authority may, if it appears to the Authority to be necessary
or expedient in the public interest, or in the interest of depositors or the
financial system in Singapore, by notice in writing to a bank in Singapore or
a class of banks in Singapore give directions or impose requirements on or
relating to the operations or activities of, or the standards to be maintained
by, the bank or banks.

…

(3) A bank in Singapore shall comply with any direction given to the bank or
any requirement imposed on the bank by any notice issued under this Act.

…

118 The penalty for non-compliance with the 5 October Notice is found in s 71
of the Banking Act:

**General penalty**

**71.** Any bank which contravenes any of the provisions of this Act for which
no penalty is expressly provided shall be guilty of an offence and shall be
liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $100,000 and, in the case of a
continuing offence, to a further fine not exceeding $10,000 for every day or
part thereof during which the offence continues after conviction.

119 The purpose and policy rationale of the 5 October Notice was explained in
its accompanying press release as follows:

… [The MAS] will restrict the tenure of loans granted by financial
institutions for the purchase of residential properties. MAS’ move is part of
the Government’s broader aim of avoiding a price bubble and fostering long
term stability in the property market.

…

… Mr Tharman Shanmugaratnam, Chairman of MAS, said, “Monetary conditions
worldwide are far from normal. QE3 and low interest rates have made credit
easy, but this will eventually change. We are taking this step now to require
more prudent lending, and will continue to watch the property market
carefully. We will do what it takes to _cool the market_ , and _avoid a bubble
that will eventually hurt borrowers and destabilise our financial system_.”

…

[emphasis added]

120 In our view, there is neither express nor implied prohibition of the
Option in the present case. Neither the Act nor the 5 October Notice expressly
states that contracts such as the Option (_ie_ , options to purchase that are
concluded after 5 October 2012 but backdated for the purpose of circumventing
the 5 October Notice) should be rendered void and unenforceable by the courts.
There are also insufficient grounds for holding that such a statutory
prohibition should be _implied_ (although there were also indicia pointing the
other way which, however, had to be borne in mind in the light of the warning
Devlin J had sounded in _St John Shipping_ (see above at [110])).

121 Firstly, the parliamentary intention behind the 5 October Notice was to
regulate and control the financial institutions responsible for granting
credit facilities for the purchase of residential property, and not to
interfere with private transactions relating to residential property. The
obligations in the 5 October Notice relating to the granting of credit
facilities are imposed on banks and not on the individual borrowers. In fact,
the wording of s 55 of the Act makes it clear that notices such as the 5
October Notice are issued to _banks_ and not the public at large.
Correspondingly, s 71 of the Act only penalises banks who do not comply with
the requirements in the 5 October Notice.

122 Secondly, this was not a situation where there was a “clear implication”
or “necessary inference” that the statute intended to prohibit contracts such
as the Option (see, again, _per_ Devlin J in _St John Shipping_ , referred to
above at [110]). There would be such a “clear implication” if the Option had
as its whole object the doing of an act which was prohibited by the statute,
since it would hardly make sense in that situation for the statute to prohibit
the act and not a contract to do it (see _St John Shipping_ at 288). But in
this case, although one of the (latent) objects of the Option was undoubtedly
to enable the Respondents to procure a bank loan in contravention of the 5
October Notice, there were also other important objects of the contract, such
as the sale and purchase of the Property.

123 We would therefore be reluctant to hold that there was such a “clear
implication” in this case, bearing in mind once again Devlin J’s warning that
the courts should be slow to imply the statutory prohibition of contracts
(although this warning nevertheless does not affect the analysis with regard
to the (more general) category at common law set out above (at [79]–[102])).

124 Whilst we have found that there is no express or implied _statutory_
prohibition of the Option in the present case, we would reiterate that the
Option is nevertheless rendered void and unenforceable at _common law_ on the
basis that it was entered into with the intention of contravening a statutory
instrument. As we have noted above (at [112]), this result is not founded on
the legislative intention that the Option itself should be prohibited, but
rather, on the public policy that the court will not assist the Respondents to
benefit from their own wrongdoing.

The reliance principle

125 Before concluding, we address Prof Tang’s attempt to rely upon the
“reliance principle” to buttress the Respondents’ case. Prof Tang argued that
the Respondents did not have to rely on the backdating of the Option to found
their claim against the Appellant in the sense that their claim did not depend
on them in fact pleading that the Option was backdated. In this regard, Prof
Tang agreed with the Judge’s interpretation of _American Home Assurance Co v
Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 92 (“ _Hong Lam Marine_ ”) that if a
plaintiff’s cause of action is founded on the contract itself but the
plaintiff does not need to rely on the illegal act or purpose, the claim
should be allowed.

126 We did not hesitate to reject this argument. It should be noted that the
“reliance principle”, as traditionally understood, has a narrow ambit of
operation. It is usually invoked only by a contracting party seeking to
recover (on a _restitutionary_ basis) what it had transferred to the other
party pursuant to the (illegal) contract. Even more importantly, such recovery
has been traditionally premised upon _an independent cause of action_ –
thereby avoiding the need to rely upon the (illegal) contract (see generally
_Illegality and Public Policy_ at paras 13.137–13.154). It is clear that this
was _not_ the situation in the present appeal, based on the facts and
submissions.

127 Further, the reliance principle is not merely literal or descriptive in
nature; it is a _legal_ principle necessarily embodying _normative_ elements.
The question therefore is not whether the illegality (in this case, the
backdating of the Option) had to be specifically pleaded by the Respondents,
but whether the Respondents were endeavouring to enforce an illegal contract.
Since we have already found that refusal to enforce the Option would be a
proportionate response to the illegality in the present case (taking into
account the various factors outlined above (at [70])), and there is no cause
of action other than one based on contract (_ie_ , based on the Option), there
is no room for any argument based on the “reliance principle”. Put simply, in
so far as the category of contracts entered into with an illegal or unlawful
object is concerned, once the court has concluded that it is contrary to
public policy at common law to uphold such a contract, it is no longer
relevant whether or not a party needs to “rely” on the illegality in its plea.

128 In truth, Prof Tang’s argument entailed (in substance and perhaps form as
well) an _extension_ of the reliance principle as traditionally understood. In
our view, the extension of the reliance principle in the manner argued for by
the Respondents would undermine (in a significant manner) the very rationale
which the doctrine of illegality and public policy is premised upon, which is
the wider public interest. Indeed, permitting the _factual_ argument from
“non-reliance” to be made would create enormous uncertainty as parties seek to
characterise (or, more accurately, “dress up”) the facts in order to make the
argument.

129 We finally come to the decision of this court in _Hong Lam Marine_ (which
was, in turn, apparently applied in another Court of Appeal decision of _Siow
Soon Kim and Others v Lim Eng Beng alias Lim Jia Le_ [2004] SGCA 4 at [38] and
in the Singapore High Court decision of _Lim Leong Huat v Chip Hup Hup Kee
Construction Pte Ltd and another_ [2011] 1 SLR 657 at [204]) which Prof Tang
(and the Judge) relied on for the proposition that a plaintiff who has entered
into a contract with an illegal purpose may nevertheless enforce the contract
if he does not need to reveal or rely on the illegal purpose to found his
claim. For the reasons set out in the preceding paragraphs, we would disagree
with this proposition.

130 In any event, did _Hong Lam Marine_ really establish the proposition which
the Judge relied upon (and which is also relied upon by Prof Tang)? In our
view, it did _not_. To elaborate, _Hong Lam Marine_ was concerned with an
application for leave to appeal against an arbitration award and, _inter alia_
, whether the arbitrator had erred in ruling that four performance bonds
issued by the appellant insurer to the respondent shipowners were enforceable.
The arbitrator had adopted the findings in a previous arbitration that a
related shipbuilding agreement between the respondents and a shipyard (who had
procured the four performance bonds in favour of the respondents) was
enforceable even though it had been backdated for the purpose of registering
the vessel in Singapore. In that first arbitration concerning the related
shipbuilding agreement, it was held that the respondents did not need to rely
on the backdating in order to succeed in their claim against the shipyard,
unlike a situation in which they had to prove the actual date of the
shipbuilding agreement to establish their in order to succeed in their claim
or if their claim had been dependent on the status of the vessel as a
Singapore-registered vessel (see _Hong Lam Marine_ at [67]).

131 Significantly, in _Hong Lam Marine_ , it was unclear whether this court
was directly endorsing such a principle of “reliance” (see _Hong Lam Marine_
at [68]). But even if this was the case, such endorsement would merely be
_obiter dicta_ , given the ultimate holding that leave to appeal against the
arbitrator’s decision would be refused because the performance bonds were
_independent_ of the underlying shipbuilding agreement and therefore not
affected by the illegality in the form of the backdating of the shipbuilding
agreement. Therefore _Hong Lam Marine_ , on a proper interpretation, did _not_
hold that the backdating of a shipbuilding agreement was not a bar to its
enforcement where the claimants did not need to rely on the backdating to
found their claim.

Conclusion

132 For the reasons set out above (in particular, at [79]–[102]), we allow the
appeal with costs and with the usual consequential orders. We also order that
the Respondents remove the caveat lodged against the Property if they have not
done so to date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 May 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

