Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yan Jun _v_ Attorney-General  
[2014] SGCA 60

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 142 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 November 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Belinda Ang Saw Ean J; Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The appellant in person; Khoo Boo Jin, Low Tzeh Shyian
Russell and Poh Jia Yin Nicole Evangeline (Attorney-General's Chambers) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Yan Jun — Attorney-General  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2014] 1 SLR 793.]

27 November 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the appellant, Yan Jun (“the Appellant”), against the
decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in Registrar’s Appeal No 227 of
2013 (“RA 227/2013”). The Judge dismissed the Appellant’s appeal against the
decision of an assistant registrar (“the AR”) in Summons No 2310 of 2013 (“SUM
2310/2013”) to strike out parts of his statement of claim in Suit No 257 of
2013 (“S 257/2013”) under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the Rules”).

The background facts

2 The facts pleaded by the Appellant are as follows. On the morning of 19 July
2009, the Appellant was in his flat in Simei when he had an argument with his
mother-in-law, Mdm Yu Xinlan (“Mdm Yu”). Given previous instances of violence
between himself and Mdm Yu, the Appellant called the police. He then carried
his child into the master bedroom of the flat and waited for the police to
arrive.

3 During the time he was in the bedroom, the Appellant heard Mdm Yu shouting
to his wife, Mdm Liu Tian (“Mdm Liu”), that certain stove accessories had been
removed from the kitchen. Upon hearing this, Mdm Liu rushed into the bedroom
and hit the Appellant repeatedly and violently. The Appellant held his child
tightly and raised his arm to protect himself, but did not fight back. He then
ran out of the bedroom with the child and stood in the dining room while Mdm
Liu remained in the bedroom.

4 Shortly after this, two police officers arrived at the flat. The Appellant
pointed to the master bedroom and stated in Mandarin, “she beat me”, but he
was ignored by the police officers. Instead, they went directly into the
bedroom to speak to Mdm Liu. After some time, they came out of the master
bedroom and continued their conversation with Mdm Liu in the kitchen.

5 The Appellant overheard Mdm Liu informing the police officers that the
Appellant had hit her deliberately because he knew that an Expedited Order
(“the EO”), which Mdm Liu had obtained against him on 25 June 2009, was about
to expire. The Appellant also overheard one of the police officers talking to
someone on the phone about whether the EO was valid on that day.

6 After Mdm Liu had spoken to the police officers, the Appellant told one of
the police officers that it was his turn to speak but was told that he was
under arrest for breach of the EO. The Appellant protested on the ground that
the police officers had only heard one side of the story but this was to no
avail. The Appellant was handcuffed and later escorted to Changi General
Hospital (“CGH”) for a medical examination.

7 In the treatment room at CGH, the Appellant was asked by a doctor about how
he had gotten injured, to which the Appellant replied that he was beaten by
his wife. The doctor then asked about the Appellant’s wrongdoing to which one
of the police officers answered “breach of PPO [personal protection order]”.
The Appellant alleges that the doctor deliberately insulted him by replying
“small injury” in a loud voice. The Appellant’s medical report stated that he
had superficial nail excoriations on his face, neck and left hand.

8 Mdm Liu also proceeded to CGH for a medical examination. Her medical report
stated that she had superficial abrasions and tenderness on the left side of
her neck.

9 After his medical examination, the Appellant was taken to Bedok Police
Division (“BPD”) for further investigations. In the course of these
investigations, the Appellant informed the Investigating Officer (“the IO”)
that he had gone to the Family Court on 6 July 2009, which was the return date
of the EO, but that Mdm Liu had not attended court on that day. The Appellant
was released on bail from BPD the next day, 20 July 2009, at about 6.30am.
Approximately 21 hours had elapsed from the time of the Appellant’s arrest to
his release.

10 After the Appellant was released, he went again to the Family Court to
check whether his wife had attended court on the return date of the EO, and
was informed that she had not. This suggested that the EO was not valid when
the Appellant was arrested on 19 July 2009. Therefore, on the next day, the
Appellant sent an SMS to the IO about Mdm Liu’s non-attendance in court. He
also later wrote to BPD for an explanation and was told that the case had been
passed on to one Staff Sergeant Lim Shao Liang (“SSG Lim”). On 14 September
2009, SSG Lim informed the Appellant that his case had been referred to the
Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”). Around this time, the Appellant consulted
a number of lawyers.

11 On 5 October 2009, SSG Lim informed the Appellant that, having consulted
with the AGC, it had been decided that no further action was to be taken
against him. On 16 and 29 October 2009 the Appellant sent emails to SSG Lim to
question the validity of the EO and to inquire about the outcome of the
investigations. However, he did not receive a reply.

12 Thereafter, the Appellant again consulted with lawyers but took no further
steps until 16 March 2012. On that day, he sent an email to the AGC to ask
about the outcome of the investigations. The AGC replied on 4 and 5 June 2012,
taking the position that, in the circumstances of the case, there was a
reasonable suspicion of the Appellant being concerned with an offence of a
breach of the EO, even though it was subsequently discovered that the EO had
been revoked by 19 July 2009. A series of emails between the Appellant and the
AGC then followed before the Appellant filed S 257/2013 against the Attorney-
General (“the Respondent”) on 1 April 2013.

The Appellant’s claim

13 In S 257/2013, the Appellant claims damages against the Respondent for
wrongful arrest, false imprisonment, assault and battery, excessive use of
force, malicious prosecution, abuse of process and defamation. These causes of
action arise generally from the circumstances surrounding the Appellant’s
arrest on 19 July 2009, and his subsequent detention before he was released.

14 The cause of action in defamation, on the other hand, is based on the
statements allegedly made by the doctor and the police officer at CGH during
the Appellant’s medical examination (see above at [7]). The Appellant states
that he was defamed by the police officer when the police officer had answered
“breach of PPO” when asked by the doctor about the Appellant’s wrongdoing. The
Appellant also states that the doctor had intentionally humiliated, and
therefore defamed, him by loudly announcing that the Appellant had suffered a
“small injury”.

15 The Appellant claims the following as damages:

Claim |  Amount  |  Type of Damages  
---|---|---  
Loss of Liberty |  $60,000 |  General  
$30,000 |  Aggravated  
Assault and Battery  |  $15,000 |  General  
Assault and Battery (Humiliation) |  $100,000 |  General  
Excessive Use of Force |  $10,000 |  General  
Defamation |  $5,000 |  General  
Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress |  $100,000 |  General  
Economic Loss |  $7,135 |  Non-pecuniary  
Malicious Prosecution, Abuse of Process, Wrongful Arrest |  $900,000 |  Punitive (recommended)  
**Total** |  **$1,227,135**  
  
  

The claim for “economic loss” comprises the following items:

Item |  Amount |  Dates  
---|---|---  
Medical Treatment for Thumb Numbness |  $75 |  25 July 2009  
Consultation with Family Service Centre  |  $60 |  11, 27 August and 4 September 2009  
Return to hometown in September 2009 |  $3,000 |  September 2009  
Lost Earnings  |  $4,000 |  July-September 2009  
**Total** |  **$7,135**  
  
  

The proceedings below

16 On 2 May 2013, the Respondent applied to strike out the Appellant’s
statement of claim on the ground that the entire suit was time-barred. In the
alternative, the Respondent submitted that the statement of claim did not
disclose reasonable causes of action. On 3 July 2013, the AR struck out all
the Appellant’s claims except the claim for general and aggravated damages for
loss of liberty arising from false imprisonment and the claim for punitive
damages for false imprisonment. On 16 July 2013, the Appellant filed an appeal
against the AR’s decision in RA 227/2013.

17 The appeal was heard, and dismissed, by the Judge on 21 August 2013, with
written grounds reported in _Yan Jun v Attorney-General_ [2014] 1 SLR 793
(“the GD”). The Judge held (at [46]) that the Appellant’s _entire suit_ was
time-barred under ss 24A(1) and (2) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”). Despite this, the Judge appeared to be of the view that the
AR’s decision not to strike out the Appellant’s false imprisonment claim
should stand (at [54]). The Judge proceeded, by way of _obiter dicta_ , to
hold that there were _other grounds_ for striking out the Appellant’s causes
of action in wrongful arrest, malicious prosecution, abuse of process and
defamation.

Issues before this court

18 The two broad issues before this court are as follows:

(a) Whether the Appellant’s suit is time-barred under s 24A of the Act (“Issue
1”).

(b) Whether there are other grounds for striking out the Appellant’s statement
of claim (“Issue 2”).

Issue 1

The relevant statutory provisions

19 Turning first to the issue of whether the Appellant’s suit is time-barred,
the statutory provisions which are germane to the present appeal are ss 6 and
24A of the Act. Section 6 of the Act (“s 6”) prescribes a _general_ limitation
period of six years for actions based on contract or tort. It reads as
follows:

**Limitation of actions of contract and tort and certain other actions**

6.—(1)  _Subject to this Act_ , the following actions shall not be brought
after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action
accrued:

(_a_) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

…

[emphasis added]

20 It should be noted that the six year limitation period under s 6 is
_subject to provision(s) to the contrary_ in the Act. In the context of the
present appeal, an example of this is to be found in s 24A of the Act which
reads as follows:

**Time limits for negligence, nuisance and breach of duty actions in respect
of latent injuries and damage**

24A.—(1) This **_section shall apply to any action for damages for negligence,
nuisance or breach of duty (whether the duty exists by virtue of a contract or
of a provision made by or under any written law or independently of any
contract or any such provision)_**.

(2) An action to which this section applies, **_where the damages claimed
consist of or include damages in respect of personal injuries_** to the
plaintiff or any other person, shall not be brought after the expiration of —

(_a_) 3 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued; or

(_b_) 3 years from the earliest date on which the plaintiff has the knowledge
required for bringing an action for damages in respect of the relevant injury,
if that period expires later than the period mentioned in paragraph (_a_).

(3) An action to which this section applies, other than one referred to in
subsection (2), shall not be brought after the expiration of the period of —

(_a_) 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued; or

(_b_) 3 years from the earliest date on which the plaintiff or any person in
whom the cause of action was vested before him first had both the knowledge
required for bringing an action for damages in respect of the relevant damage
and a right to bring such an action, if that period expires later than the
period mentioned in paragraph (_a_).

[emphasis added in bold italics]

21 The Respondent takes the position that _all_ the causes of action pleaded
by the Appellant are actions for “breach of duty” under s 24A(1) of the Act
(“s 24A(1)”). It also contends that because the damages claimed by the
Appellant include damages in respect of personal injury, a limitation period
of three years applies to the _entire suit_ under s 24A(2) of the Act, with
the effect that it is time-barred. Conversely, the Appellant contends that s
24A(1) has no application because his pleaded causes of action fall outside
the meaning of “breach of duty”. He therefore states that a limitation period
of six years under s 6(1)(_a_) of the Act applies instead. Before considering
these arguments in greater detail, let us first consider the legislative
history of s 24A(1) itself.

The legislative history of s 24A(1) in Singapore

22 Section 24A(1), in its present incarnation, was the product of amendments
to the Act in 1966 and 1992, respectively. Prior to 1966, the Limitation
Ordinance 1959 (Ordinance 57 of 1959) provided for a general six year
limitation period for all torts, notwithstanding the nature of the cause of
action pleaded or the damages sought. This state of affairs was altered by the
Limitation (Amendment) Act (Act 7 of 1966) (“the 1966 amendments”) which
introduced a new s 6(3A) in the following terms:

(3A) An action for damages for negligence, nuisance or breach of duty (whether
the duty exists by virtue of a contract or of provision made or under any
written law or independently of any contract or any such provision) where the
damages claimed by the plaintiff for the negligence, nuisance or breach of
duty consist of or include damages in respect of personal injuries to any
person, shall not be brought after the expiration of three years from the date
on which the cause of action accrued …

23 The 1966 amendments therefore had the effect of reducing the limitation
period from six to three years where damages were claimed in respect of
personal injury in actions for negligence, nuisance or breach of duty. The
rationale for these amendments was explained by the then Minister for Law and
National Development, Mr Yong Nyuk Lin (“Mr Yong”), in the Second Reading
Speech (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (21 April 1966)
vol 25 at col 79), as follows:

The Bill seeks to amend the Limitation Ordinance, 1959, to reduce the period
of limitation for damages for personal injuries from six years to three years.
_This will bring the law in line with the law in England where the period of
limitation was fixed at three years_ by the Law Reform (Limitation of Actions)
Act, 1954.

The _effect of the amendment will be that in general actions for personal
injuries, arising, for example, from motor-car accidents, may only be brought
within three years of the accident_. It is desirable that such actions should
be heard as soon as possible after the accident, as, if the action is
instituted, say, after four or five years, it would be difficult for witnesses
to testify about the accident with any degree of accuracy. The Act will
therefore prevent the institution of stale proceedings. Police investigation
papers are normally destroyed by the Police two or three years after an
accident and if actions are brought after that, police witnesses will be
unable to refresh their memories from statements or plans made by them soon
after the accident.

It is felt that the reduction of the limitation period to three years would
cause no hardship to third parties. Injuries caused by motor accidents
normally become obvious immediately after the accident and the wide publicity
given to proceedings relating to accidents in the local Press and the
availability of lawyers make it possible for any third party to take advice
and action within a reasonably short time.

[emphasis added]

24 The Act was amended again in 1992, by way of the Limitation (Amendment) Act
(Act 22 of 1992) (“the 1992 amendments”). The 1992 amendments introduced,
_inter alia_ , the present s 24A. In 1992, Parliament had intended to address
the perceived injustice created by the then existing limitation periods where
the damage suffered by the plaintiff was _latent_ and not readily
discoverable. As the then Minister for Law, Prof S Jayakumar (“Prof
Jayakumar”) explained during the Second Reading of the bill (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (29 May 1992) vol 60 at cols 31–32)

Sir, under the existing law, the limitation periods are as follows:

(1) In the case of personal injury, it is three years from the date the damage
occurred; and

(2) In non-personal injury cases, it is six years from the date the damage
occurred.

This amendment is necessary because under the present law, the limitation
period for legal actions runs from the time the damage actually occurred even
if the plaintiff did not know or could not reasonably have known about the
damage. This can, of course, cause injustice and problems, especially in
building construction cases where latent defects may not be discoverable until
after the limitation period has expired. In such cases, the plaintiff, or the
aggrieved party, is then left without any legal recourse.

…

_Sir, the Bill before us amends the Limitation Act along the lines of the
United Kingdom Limitation Act 1980 and the United Kingdom Latent Damage Act
1986. What it does is to extend the limitation periods for personal and non-
personal injury claims by providing an alternative starting date for the
limitation period, ie, the date the aggrieved person has knowledge of the
damage. The limitation period would be computed from the date that expires
later._ It also seeks to balance the interest of potential defendants by
providing that no action may be brought after 15 years from the date of the
breach of duty even though the damage or injury has not and could not be
discovered.

[emphasis added]

25 It will be evident that the parliamentary material, _when read alone_ ,
sheds little light on what is meant by the phrase “breach of duty” under s
24A(1). In particular, it is unclear whether the phrase ought to be read
widely, as including _all_ torts and breaches of contract. This difficulty is
exacerbated by the fact that there has been a _dearth_ of authority where the
phrase has received judicial interpretation by the Singapore courts. It should
be noted, however, that there is, and has been, considerable identification
between the Singapore limitation statutes and the English ones. In this
regard, both the 1966 and 1992 amendments were intended by Parliament to
update the Singapore position in the light of common law and statutory
developments in England. Let us therefore now consider what these developments
were.

Developments in the English law

26 Prior to 1954, s 2 of the Limitation Act 1939 (c 21) (UK) (“the 1939 UK
Act”) provided for a general limitation period of six years for actions
founded on contract and tort. If, however, the defendant was a public
authority, then s 21 of the 1939 UK Act, read with s 1 of the Public
Authorities Protection Act 1893 (c 61) (UK) (“PAPA”), applied and the
limitation period was one year instead.

27 In 1944, a committee chaired by Sir Walter Monckton (“the Monckton
Committee”) recommended that the limitation period should be three years for
actions for personal injuries, whether the defendant was a public authority or
not (see _The Final Report of the Departmental Committee on Alternative
Remedies_ (Cmd 6860) at paras 107–108). In the Monckton Committee’s view, the
general limitation period of six years was too long a period of delay before
commencing an action while the limitation period of one year for public
authorities was too short.

28 In January 1948, a committee chaired by Lord Justice Tucker (“the Tucker
Committee”) was constituted to further consider reforming the said Acts. Their
terms of reference included the following:

(1) whether the [PAPA], as amended in its application to England and Wales by
s 21 of the [the 1939 UK Act]…, should be further amended or repealed;

…

(3) whether any alteration should be made in the time limits prescribed by [s
2 of the 1939 UK Act], for the bringing of certain actions in England and
Wales.

29 The findings and recommendations of the Tucker Committee were published on
30 July 1949 in the _Report of the Committee on the Limitation of Actions_
(Cmd 7740) (“the Tucker Report”). Three of the Tucker Committee’s
recommendations are of note. First, it recommended the repeal of the PAPA, so
that the limitation period which applied to private litigants would similarly
apply to the Crown. Secondly, it recommended that the general limitation for
actions in contract and tort remain at six years. Thirdly, _and most
pertinently for the purpose of the present proceedings_ , it recommended that
the limitation period for actions for personal injuries be reduced to two
years. In this regard, the Tucker Committee opined as follows (see the Tucker
Report at paras 22–23):

22 We do, however, recommend a change in the period of limitation for actions
for personal injuries. These, whether founded on contract or tort, ought
generally to be brought within two years of the accrual of the cause of
action, having regard to the desirability of such actions being brought to
trial quickly, whilst evidence is fresh in the minds of the parties and
witnesses …

23 We consider that the period of limitation we have recommended should apply
to all actions for personal injuries, whether the defendant is a public
authority or not. We do not think it is necessary for us to define “personal
injuries”, although this may possibly be necessary if legislative effect is
given to our recommendations. **_We wish, however, to make it clear that we do
not include in that category actions for trespass to the person, false
imprisonment, malicious prosecution, or defamation of character, but we do
include such actions as claims for negligence against doctors._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The Tucker Committee, however, did not elaborate as to why these torts should
not be subject to the shorter limitation period it had recommended for actions
for personal injuries more generally.

30 On the basis of the recommendations of the Tucker Committee, the Law Reform
(Limitation of Actions, etc) Act 1954 (c 36) (UK) (“the 1954 UK Act”) was
enacted. The material portions of the new s 2(1) read as follows:

Provided that, in the case of _actions for damages for negligence, nuisance or
breach of duty (whether the duty exists by virtue of a contract or of
provision made by or under a statute or independently of any contract or such
provision)_ where the damages claimed by the plaintiff for the negligence,
nuisance or breach of duty consist of or include damages in respect of
personal injuries to any person, this subsection shall have effect as if for
the reference to six years there were substituted a reference to three years.
[emphasis added]

31 At the second reading of the amendment Bill, the proposer of the Bill, Mr
John Peyton explained the nature of the amendments in the following terms (see
_Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) – House of Commons_ (4 December 1953) vol 521
at cols 1544 and 1546):

In its main provisions the Bill _follows precisely the recommendations of the
committee which sat under the chairmanship of the then Lord Justice Tucker_.
There is _only one comparatively minor point_ upon which the provisions vary
from the recommendations of the Tucker Committee ...

…

The object of Clause 2 is to alter the period within which action for damages
can be brought in cases of negligence, nuisance and breach of duty. All such
actions where damages consist of personal injuries must, under the provisions
of the Bill, be brought within three years, with very minor exceptions,
regardless of who the defendant is …

[emphasis added]

This “minor point” was to substitute a limitation period of three years –
which was recommended by the Monckton Committee – for the two recommended by
the Tucker Report in actions for personal injuries.

32 Yet, none of the speeches in the House of Commons and the House of Lords
expressly referred to the Tucker Committee’s recommendation that the shorter
limitation period for personal injury claims should _not_ apply to actions for
trespass to the person, false imprisonment, malicious prosecution and
defamation. Rather, _some speeches appeared to assume that the shorter
limitation period was to apply to all actions for personal injuries,
notwithstanding the precise cause of action that was pleaded_. For example, Mr
Graham Page, member for Crosby, observed in the House of Commons as follows
(see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) – House of Commons_ (4 December 1953)
vol 521 at col 1558) :

[Clause 2] reduces the period of limitation to three years only in the case of
personal injury. The period of limitation differs not according to the status
of the defendant, whether it be a public authority or a private individual;
_not according to the cause of action_ , but merely according to the damage
suffered … [emphasis added]

In introducing the amending bill in the House of Lords, Viscount Hailsham
similarly stated as follows (see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) – House of
Lords_ (20 May 1954) vol 187 at col 812):

The second main object of the Bill is to reduce from six years to three years
the period of limitation for actions in which a claim is made for damages for
personal injuries … _It may at first seem to lawyers a little arbitrary to
create a special category of actions described as actions for damages for
personal injuries when the cause of action, in many cases, is known to differ
in its technical nature_ , but it is a practical measure which has the support
of the Tucker and the Monckton Committees and is, in fact, probably a
condition of achieving the object of extending the period of limitation for
public authorities. [emphasis added]

33 Section 2(1) of the 1954 UK Act arose for interpretation by the English
Court of Appeal in _Letang v Cooper_ [1965] 1 QB 232 (“ _Letang_ ”). The
plaintiff there was injured when the defendant drove over her legs while she
was sunbathing in a carpark. She sued in negligence and trespass to the person
but only issued the writ four years after the accident. The trial judge held
that the defendant was negligent on the basis of an unintentional trespass to
the plaintiff’s person. He also interpreted the phrase “breach of duty” under
s 2(1) of the 1954 UK Act as not including an action for trespass to the
person. In the event, the relevant limitation period was held to be six years
and the plaintiff’s action was therefore not time-barred.

34 The Court of Appeal allowed the defendant’s appeal. Lord Denning MR held
(at 240) that as the injury was not inflicted by the defendant intentionally,
the plaintiff’s only cause of action lay in negligence and not trespass to the
person. This cause of action was clearly time-barred under s 2(1) of the 1954
UK Act. Pertinently, however, Lord Denning went on to observe that, _even if
the plaintiff did have a cause of action in trespass to the person, it too
would have been time-barred as it was an action for “breach of duty”_.

35 Lord Denning gave several reasons for construing the phrase “breach of
duty” in this manner. He noted at the outset that the Tucker Report had
recommended excluding the torts of trespass to the person, false imprisonment,
malicious prosecution and defamation from the ambit of the shorter limitation
period. However, he was of the view that this did not militate in favour of
reading the phrase “breach of duty” as not including these torts. Lord Denning
explained thus (at 240–241):

I think the text-writers have been in error in being influenced by the
recommendations of the [Tucker Committee] … You must interpret the words of
Parliament as they stand, without too much regard to the recommendations of
the committee … In this very case, Parliament did not reduce the period to two
years. It made it three years. It did not make any exception of “trespass to
the person” or the rest. _It used words of general import; and it is those
words which we have to construe, without reference to the recommendations of
the Committee_. [emphasis added]

36 In Lord Denning’s view, the phrase “breach of duty” was wide enough to
encompass all torts. He reasoned, in this regard, that (at 241):

_Our whole law of tort today proceeds on the footing that there is a duty owed
by every man not to injure his neighbour in a way that is forbidden by law_.
Negligence is a breach of such a duty. So is nuisance. So is trespass to the
person. So is false imprisonment, malicious prosecution or defamation of
character. [emphasis added]

37 Finally, Lord Denning noted (at 241) that the phrase “breach of duty” had
been given a similarly wide construction by Lord Greene MR in the English
Court of Appeal decision of _Billings v Reed_ [1945] KB 11 (“ _Billings_ ”)
and by Adam J in the Victoria decision of _Kruber v Grzesiak_ [1963] 2 VR
621\. The latter of the cases just mentioned concerned the interpretation of
the Victorian limitation legislation which was in identical terms to s 2(1) of
the English Act.

38 Between the time the 1954 UK Act was passed and _Letang_ was decided, the
English legislation was amended again by way of the Limitation Act 1963 (c 47)
(UK) (“the 1963 UK Act”). These amendments were intended to ameliorate the
harshness of the effect of the House of Lords decision in _Cartledge v E
Jopling & Sons Ltd_ [1963] AC 758 (“ _Cartledge_ ”). In _Cartledge_ , the
plaintiff steel workers had been exposed to silica dust for periods between
1939 to 1950. By 1950, at the latest, each of the plaintiffs had contracted
pneumoconiosis but this was not diagnosed until sometime between 1950 and
1955. The plaintiffs commenced their action in 1956.

39 The court in _Cartledge_ held that the plaintiffs’ causes of action accrued
when more than negligible damage occurred, even though the injury was unknown
to, and could not be discovered by, the plaintiffs. Hence, the plaintiffs’
actions were time-barred, the six year limitation period having expired in
1950 by the latest. At the same time, all the judgments delivered by the court
expressed concern about the harshness of the decision which they felt
compelled to arrive at under the 1939 UK Act and called for legislative reform
in that regard. Further, as Lord Pearce noted (at 777), the situation was
exacerbated by the 1954 UK Act which (it will be recalled) had reduced the
limitation period in personal injury cases to three years.

40 The 1963 UK Act was enacted shortly after the decision in _Cartledge_.
Section 1 of the Act permitted the extension of the limitation period in cases
of _latent damage_ , provided the following requirements set out in the
section were met:

**1 Extension of time-limit for certain actions.**

(1) Section 2(1) of the Limitation Act 1939 (which, in the case of certain
actions, imposes a time-limit of three years for bringing the action) shall
not afford any defence to an action to which this section applies, in so far
as the action relates to any cause of action in respect of which —

(a) the court has, whether before or after the commencement of the action,
granted leave for the purposes of this section, and

(b) the requirements of subsection (3) of this section are fulfilled.

(2) This section applies to any action for damages for negligence, nuisance or
breach of duty (whether the duty exists by virtue of a contract or of
provision made by or under a statute or independently of any contract or any
such provision) where the damages claimed by the plaintiff for the negligence,
nuisance or breach of duty consist of or include damages in respect of
personal injuries to the plaintiff or any other person.

(3) The requirements of this subsection are fulfilled in relation to a cause
of action if it is proved that the material facts relating to that cause of
action were or included facts of a decisive character which were at all times
outside the knowledge (actual or constructive) of the plaintiff until a date
which —

(a) either was after the end of the three-year period relating to that cause
of action or was not earlier than twelve months before the end of that period,
and

(b) in either case, was a date not earlier than twelve months before the date
on which the action was brought.

The 1963 UK Act therefore provided for an _alternative_ limitation period of
one year that ran from the date the plaintiff came to know of the facts giving
rise to his cause of action for personal injury, in cases where the injury he
suffered was latent.

41 The 1963 UK Act was further amended in 1971 and 1975 _vide_ the Law Reform
(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1971 (c 43) (UK) and the Limitation Act 1975 (c
54) (UK) (“the 1975 UK Act”), respectively. In summary, these amendments had
the effect of, respectively, extending the alternative limitation period from
one year to three in cases of latent damage and clarifying the concept of the
knowledge required by the plaintiff to commence his action.

42 In 1980, the English Parliament sought to consolidate all the interim
legislation passed since 1939 by enacting the Limitation Act 1980 (c 58) (UK)
(“the 1980 UK Act”). Section 11 of the 1980 UK Act is the most germane in the
context of the present proceedings and it reads as follows:

**11 Special time limit for actions in respect of personal injuries**

(1) This section applies to any action for damages for negligence, nuisance or
breach of duty (whether the duty exists by virtue of a contract or of
provision made by or under a statute or independently of any contract or any
such provision) where the damages claimed by the plaintiff for the negligence,
nuisance or breach of duty consist of or include damages in respect of
personal injuries to the plaintiff or any other person.

…

(4) Except where subsection (5) below applies, the period applicable is three
years from –

(a) the date on which the cause of action accrued; or

(b) the date of knowledge (if later) of the person injured.

43 It is also pertinent to note that s 33 of the 1980 UK Act confers upon the
court discretion to extend the limitation period in cases where s 11 applies.
It reads as follows:

**33 Discretionary exclusion of time limit for actions in respect of personal
injuries or death**

(1) If it appears to the court that it would be equitable to allow an action
to proceed having regard to the degree to which –

(a) the provisions of section 11 … of this Act prejudice the plaintiff or any
person whom he represents; and

(b) any decision of the court under this subsection would prejudice the
defendant or any person whom he represents;

the court may direct that those provisions shall not apply to the action, or
shall not apply to any specified cause of action to which the action relates.

44 The new s 11 arose for interpretation by the House of Lords in _Stubbings v
Webb_ [1993] AC 498 (“ _Stubbings_ ”). The plaintiff in _Stubbings_ was the
victim of sexual abuse by her stepfather and stepbrother during her childhood.
She suffered psychological disorders and mental illness as a result. Although
the plaintiff had attained the age of the majority in 1975, her writ was only
issued in 1987. She attributed this delay to the fact that she had only come
to realise that the abuse was causative of her injuries after consulting with
a psychiatrist in September 1984. The issue, therefore, was whether the
plaintiff’s action for deliberate assault was an action for “breach of duty”.
If it was, then the limitation period would have been three years from the
date she realised that her injuries were significant and attributable to the
defendants’ acts.

45 In _Stubbings_ , the House _unanimously declined_ to follow the
interpretation of the words “breach of duty” advanced in _Letang_ and held
that the plaintiff’s claim based on assault did _not_ fall within the meaning
of “breach of duty”. Rather, the phrase was construed to mean _breach of a
duty of care_. It followed that a non-extendable limitation period of six
years from the date the plaintiff’s cause of action accrued applied and her
claims were accordingly time-barred.

46 In arriving at this conclusion, Lord Griffiths, with whom the other members
of the court agreed, placed much reliance on the recommendations made by the
Tucker Committee, noting (at 507) that:

But I cannot agree that the words “breach of duty” have the effect of
including within the scope of the section all actions in which damages for
personal injuries are claimed which is the other ground upon which the Court
of Appeal decided _Letang v. Cooper_. If that had been the intention of the
draftsman it would have been easy enough to say so in the section. _On the
contrary the draftsman has used words of limitation; he has limited the
section to actions for negligence, nuisance and breach of duty and the reason
he did so was to give effect to the recommendation of the Tucker Committee
that the three-year period should not apply to a number of causes of action in
which damages for personal injury might be claimed namely damages for trespass
to the person, false imprisonment, malicious prosecution or defamation._ There
can be no doubt that rape and indecent assault fell within the category of
trespass to the person.

Lord Denning M.R. in _Letang v. Cooper_ [1965] 1 Q.B. 232, 240 was not
prepared to assume that Parliament did intend to give effect to the Tucker
Committee’s recommendations, but we can now look at Hansard and can see that
it was the express intention of Parliament to do so…

[emphasis added]

In so far as Lord Griffith purported to rely on the UK _Hansard_ , he referred
to that part of Mr John Peyton’s speech in the House of Commons, which we set
out above at [31].

47 Lord Griffiths went on to express doubt as to whether the phrase “breach of
duty” could properly bear the meaning attributed to it by the Court of Appeal
in _Letang_. He stated as follows (at 508):

Even without reference to Hansard I should not myself have construed breach of
duty as including a deliberate assault. The phrase lying in juxtaposition with
negligence and nuisance carries with it the implication of a breach of duty of
care not to cause personal injury, rather than an obligation not to infringe
any legal right of another person. If I invite a lady to my house one would
naturally think of a duty to take care that the house is safe but would one
really be thinking of a duty not to rape her? But, however this may be, the
terms in which this Bill was introduced to my mind make it clear beyond
peradventure that the intention was to give effect to the Tucker
recommendation that the limitation period in respect of trespass to the person
was not to be reduced to three years but should remain at six years. The
language of section 2(1) of the Act of 1954 is in my view apt to give effect
to that intention, and cases of deliberate assault such as we are concerned
with in this case are not actions for breach of duty within the meaning of
section 2(1) of the Act of 1954.

48 Lord Griffiths also did not think that by passing the 1975 UK Act and the
1980 UK Act in the same language, Parliament had endorsed the interpretation
accorded to the phrase “breach of duty” in _Letang_. He noted that the 1963 UK
Act, which had preceded _Letang_ , was intended to address the problem posed
by the insidious onset of industrial disease, which arose in _Cartledge_. The
1975 UK Act was passed to cure the imperfections of the 1963 UK Act and the
1980 UK Act merely re-enacted that part of the 1975 UK Act. In the final
analysis, Lord Griffiths held that as the language of the 1954 UK Act was
carried without alteration into the 1975 UK Act, and then into s 11(1) of the
1980 UK Act, it should bear the same meaning as it had under the 1954 UK Act.

49 In _A v Hoare_ [2008] 1 AC 844 (“ _Hoare_ ”), the House of Lords had the
opportunity to revisit its decision in _Stubbings_. Having done so, the House
unanimously decided to _depart_ from it. The plaintiff in _Hoare_ was the
victim of an attempted rape by the defendant in 1998. The defendant was
convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment. The plaintiff, however, did not
commence an action until December of 2004. In fact, she had only done so after
the defendant had won £7,000,000 in a lottery, thus making him a party worth
suing.

50 In _Hoare_ , Lord Hoffmann, who delivered the leading judgment, _cautioned_
against placing _undue reliance_ on _the recommendations of the Tucker
Committee_ in construing the phrase “breach of duty”. He first noted (at [4]
and [6]) that:

There are minor puzzles about why malicious prosecution or defamation of
character were thought capable of causing personal injury or why doctors were
singled out for mention, but the committee certainly seems to have intended to
exclude actions for trespass to the person from their proposal. They did not
explain why. The reason they gave for adopting a short period for personal
injury claims (“the desirability of such actions being brought to trial
quickly, whilst evidence is fresh in the minds of the parties and witnesses”:
para 22) would seem equally applicable to cases in which the cause of action
is trespass. Perhaps they had in mind only intentionally inflicted injuries
and thought that a defendant who caused deliberate injury should not have the
benefit of a short limitation period.

…

It will be seen that in defining the actions to which the three-year period
was to apply, Parliament adopted neither the simple concept of an action for
personal injury (for which, as the committee had suggested, the Act provided a
definition) nor the specific exclusions mentioned by the Tucker Committee, but
spoke of “actions for damages for negligence, nuisance or breach of duty …
where the damages claimed … consist of or include damages in respect of
personal injuries”.

In this regard, Lord Hoffmann observed that the language used by the UK
Parliament was not new (at [7]). Rather, it had previously been judicially
interpreted in _Billings_ as having a _wide meaning_ which included the tort
of trespass to the person (at [8]–[9]).

51 Lord Hoffmann also found support for a wide interpretation of the phrase
“breach of duty” from the legislative amendments in 1975 and 1980. He
explained thus (at [14] and [16]):

… _When the 1954 Act was passed, it could have been argued that the exclusion
of intentionally inflicted injuries reflected a moral policy of denying the
shorter limitation period to an intentional wrongdoer._ Such an argument did
not find favour in _Kruber v Grzesiak_ [1963] VR 621 or _Letang v Cooper_
[1965] 1 QB 232, but I should have thought that, given the terms of the Tucker
Committee Report and the obscurity of the parliamentary language, it was
seriously arguable. But there could be _no moral or other ground for denying
to a victim of intentional injury the more favourable limitation treatment
introduced by the 1975 Act for victims of injuries caused by negligence_. The
inference I would draw is that in using the same form of words in the 1975
Act, Parliament must have intended them to bear the meaning which they had
been given in the uniform line of authority in England and Australia to which
I have referred.

…

There is a further indication to the same effect in the 20th Report of the Law
Reform Committee on Limitation of Actions (Cmnd 5630) which was published in
May 1974 and to which the 1975 Act gave effect. It is plain from that report
that its members thought they were dealing generally with personal injury
actions: see, for example, the summary of recommendations in para 69. There is
no discussion of an exclusion of intentionally inflicted injuries from the
benefit of the proposed reforms.

[emphasis added]

To this end, Lord Hoffmann criticised _Stubbings_ as having been decided as if
the 1954 UK Act had just been enacted (at [17]). Lord Hoffmann disagreed with
Lord Griffiths’s characterisation of the 1963 and 1975 amendments as being to
“meet the problem of the insidious onset of industrial disease” (see
_Stubbings_ at 506). He opined, instead, that the amendments were intended to
apply to cases of personal injuries more generally (at [18]–[19]).

Meaning of “breach of duty” under s 24A of the Act

52 With the foregoing as background, let us turn to consider the meaning of
the phrase “breach of duty” under s 24A(1). In this regard, the Judge followed
_Letang_ and held that the phrase was wide enough to encompass all torts, and,
therefore, all the causes of action pleaded by the Appellant. The Judge also
noted that _Letang_ had been approved by the House of Lords in _Hoare_.

53 Before this court, the Appellant first contends that the Judge’s
interpretation of the phrase was incorrect because the Tucker Committee had
excluded the torts of trespass to the person, malicious prosecution, false
imprisonment and defamation from the shorter limitation period they had
recommended for personal injury actions. Presumably, what the Appellant means
is that this would entail this court reading the phrase “breach of duty” under
s 24A(1) as not including these torts.

54 In this regard, the Appellant’s contention is a _superficially_ attractive
one. On a broad level at least, the 1954 UK Act, which introduced the phrase
“breach of duty”, was passed on the back of the Tucker Report which had
recommended excluding these torts from the shorter limitation period they had
recommended for personal injury actions. Furthermore, by _specifically
including_ the words “negligence” and “nuisance” before the phrase, it is at
least arguable that the UK Parliament, and _a fortiori_ the Singapore
Parliament, could not have intended “breach of duty” to refer to all torts.
Otherwise, the words “negligence” and “nuisance” would be rendered
_superfluous_.

55 On the _other hand_ , there are considerable difficulties with the
foregoing view, which suggest that the Appellant’s reliance on the Tucker
Report is _misplaced_. For a start, as Lord Hoffmann pointed out in _Hoare_ ,
the UK Parliament’s use of the phrase “breach of duty” was not traceable to
anything that was stated in the Tucker Report. Rather, as noted above at [32],
the speeches in the English parliamentary debates seem to suggest that the
three year limitation period was intended to apply to actions for damages for
personal injuries more generally, without stating the causes of action to
which this was, or was not, to apply.

56 More pertinently, perhaps, the issue before this court is _not_ the
interpretation of the English limitation legislation in 1954, _but the
interpretation of s 24A(1) as enacted by the Singapore Parliament in 1966 and
as subsequently amended in 1992_. Counsel for the Respondent, Mr Khoo Boo Jin
(“Mr Khoo”), submits that, when the Singapore Parliament passed the 1966
amendments, it did so against the backdrop of the interpretation given to the
phrase “breach of duty” in _Letang_. By retaining the phrase, Mr Khoo argues
that the Singapore Parliament must have intended to endorse that
interpretation.

57 In our judgment, there is force in Mr Khoo’s submission. In this regard, it
is a canon of statutory interpretation that where the legislature re-enacts a
statute in words that have received interpretation by a superior court, it
intends those words to bear the meaning which the court has given to them
(see, for example, the English Court of Appeal in Chancery decision of _Ex
Parte Campbell. In re Cathcart_ (1870) LR 5 Ch 703 at 706). This canon _also_
applies where the provisions under consideration have been construed by a
competent court in a _foreign jurisdiction_ (see, for example, the High Court
of Australia decision of _National Phonograph Co of Australia Ltd v Menck_
(1908) 7 CLR 481 at 529).

58 Yet, to the extent that this canon is premised on the _legal fiction_ that
the legislature is presumed to scrutinise all judicial decisions, it _must be_
applied with _the requisite circumspection_. Moreover, it _must yield to
actual legislative intent to the contrary_ under the _purposive approach_ that
is _mandated_ by s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed). As V
K Rajah JA observed in the Singapore High Court decision of _Public Prosecutor
v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 at [41]:

Section 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act requires the construction of written
law to promote the purpose or object underlying the statute. In fact, it
_mandates_ that a construction promoting legislative purpose be preferred over
one that does not promote such purpose or object: see Brady Coleman, “The
Effect of Section 9A of the Interpretation Act on Statutory Interpretation in
Singapore” [2000] Sing JLS 152 at 154. **_Accordingly, any common law
principle of interpretation, such as the plain meaning rule and the strict
construction rule, must yield to the purposive interpretation approach
stipulated by s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act._**_All_ written law (penal or
otherwise) must be interpreted purposively. **_Other common law principles
come into play only when their application coincides with the purpose
underlying the written law in question, or alternatively, when ambiguity in
that written law persists even after an attempt at purposive interpretation
has been properly made._** [emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in
bold italics]

59 Bearing Rajah JA’s observations in mind, we are of the view that the canon
referred to above at [57] _can_ be properly applied in the case before us. As
we have already noted above at [23], it was Parliament’s intention in passing
the 1966 amendments to align the law in Singapore with that in England.
Furthermore, the then Minister for Law and National Development, Mr Yong,
explained that the thrust of the amendments was to shorten the limitation
period to three years in “general actions for personal injuries”, without
drawing a distinction between different causes of action. Although the
Minister referred to motor-accident cases, it is evident that he did so by way
of illustration only. The foregoing analysis coheres with the wide
interpretation given to the phrase “breach of duty” in _Letang_. However, it
is acknowledged that an argument could be made to the effect that the
Singapore Parliament might not possibly have been aware of _Letang_. That
having been said, this is unlikely to have been the case. The decision itself
was handed down on 15 June _1964_ , and was reported in [1964] 3 WLR 573
(later in the Official Law Reports (Queen’s Bench Series) as noted above (at
[33])). It was also noted contemporaneously in at least two leading journals
by two very distinguished authors (see J A Jolowicz, “Forms of Action – Causes
of Action – Trespass and Negligence” [1964] CLJ 200 and Gerald Dworkin,
“Trespass and Negligence – A Further Attempt to Bury the Forms of Action”
(1965) 28 MLR 92). Be that as it may, it could not have been the case that, by
the time the _1992_ amendments were enacted, the Singapore Parliament was not
aware of the decision in (as well as legal implications of) _Letang_. And it
is to these last-mentioned amendments that our attention must now turn.

60 As just mentioned, the _1992_ amendments in the _Singapore_ context are
also apposite in this regard. As noted earlier, the 1992 amendments were
directed at the problem of latent damage and they followed a line of
legislative and common law developments in England. At the Second Reading
stage, Prof Jayakumar made express reference to these common law developments.
By 1992, therefore, it is inconceivable that Parliament was unaware of the
interpretation accorded to the phrase “breach of duty” by _Letang_. Moreover,
in cases of latent damage, we do not, _as a matter of policy_ , see why a
different limitation period should apply based on whether or not the damage
was caused by an intentional or unintentional tort, or, for that matter, a
breach of contract. Cases such as _Stubbings_ and _Hoare_ demonstrate that
latent damage is just as much an issue in the case of intentional torts.
Indeed, in explaining the effect of the 1992 amendments, Prof Jayakumar did
not distinguish between different causes of action. Instead, he spoke in
_general terms_ and distinguished between personal injury and non-personal
injury cases.

61 In our judgment, a _purposive interpretation_ of s 24A(1) would entail
reading the phrase “breach of duty” as _encompassing all torts_.

62 The Appellant’s second argument was that the tort of false imprisonment is
a strict liability tort and therefore not based on any “breach of duty”. In
our judgment, this argument is untenable. We agree with the Judge’s
observation (see the GD at [40]) that there is _no dichotomy between torts of
strict and fault-based liability under s 24A_. It is, first and foremost,
plain from the language of s 24A(1) that it applies to breaches of contractual
duties, in which case liability would be strict. There is also _nothing_ in
the both the English and local legislative history which suggests that
Parliament had intended for such a dichotomy to exist. Instead, as we have
already explained, it is more likely that Parliament had intended that the
phrase “breach of duty” to be read _widely_ , and therefore encompassing _all
torts and breaches of contract_.

63 The Appellant’s final argument was that his causes of actions in tort do
not concern a “breach of duty” as the police officers did not owe him any duty
when arresting him. With respect, this argument is flawed for the simple
reason that _if the police officers did not owe the Appellant any duty at all,
the Appellant would not have had a cause of action against the Respondent in
tort in the first place_. As Lord Denning observed in _Letang_ (at 241),
“[o]ur whole law of tort today proceeds on the footing that there is a duty
owed by every man not to injure his neighbour in a way forbidden by law”. The
fact that the police officers had committed the alleged torts in the proper
discharge of a public duty would only be relevant to the issue of whether they
had _breached_ the duties which they owed to the Appellant and _not_ to the
issue of whether the action is one for a “breach of duty”.

64 In the circumstances, we find that each of the causes of action pleaded by
the Appellant were in respect of a “breach of duty” under s 24A(1).

Do the damages claimed by the Appellant consist of or include damages in
respect of personal injuries?

65 Having found that each of the causes of action pleaded by the Appellant
were in respect of a breach of duty, the Judge held that because the
Appellant’s _suit included a claim for damages for personal injuries, a
limitation period of three years applied to the entire suit_ under s 24A(2) of
the Act (“s 24A(2)”) (see the GD at [43]–[46]). To recapitulate, s 24A(2)
reads as follows:

(2)  _An action to which this section applies, where the damages claimed
consist of or include damages in respect of personal injuries to the plaintiff
or any other person_ , shall not be brought after the expiration of —

(_a_) 3 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued; or

(_b_) 3 years from the earliest date on which the plaintiff has the knowledge
required for bringing an action for damages in respect of the relevant injury,
if that period expires later than the period mentioned in paragraph (_a_).

[emphasis added]

66 In this regard, the Judge cited the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Bennett v Greenland Houchen & Co (A Firm)_ [1998] PNLR 458 (“ _Bennett_ ”) as
authority for his interpretation of s 24A(2). In _Bennett_ , the plaintiff
sued his previous solicitors for breach of contract and negligence for
mishandling earlier litigation. He claimed damages for clinical depression, as
well as for financial loss, because his employability had become impaired as a
result of his depression. Pertinently, however, the suit was commenced after
the three year limitation period for personal injuries actions under s 11 of
the 1980 UK Act had expired. To avoid the problem of limitation posed in this
last-mentioned regard, the plaintiff argued that his claim was really one for
economic loss and that the claim for damages for clinical depression was
peripheral to this.

67 This argument was not accepted by the court which held that, because the
plaintiff’s action included a claim for damages for personal injury, a
limitation period of three years applied and the entire action was time-
barred. Both Otton and Peter Gibson LJJ reasoned that the width of the
language used under s 11 of the 1980 UK Act meant that the section applied not
only when the damages claimed _consisted of_ damages for personal injury, but
also when they _included_ such damages.

68 To this end, _Bennett_ purported to follow a line of authority previously
established in _Howe v David Brown Tractors (Retail) Ltd_ [1991] 4 All ER 30
(“ _Howe_ ”) and _Walkin v South Manchester Health Authority_ [1995] 1 WLR
1543 (“ _Walkin_ ”). In _Howe_ , the plaintiff was a farmer and was in
partnership with his father. He was subsequently injured while operating
machinery supplied by the defendant. His writ was filed outside the three year
limitation period and a defence based on limitation was raised by the
defendant. The plaintiff then applied to join his father or the partnership as
a co-plaintiff. To avoid the shorter limitation period for personal injuries
actions, the partnership framed its claim as one for economic loss, being the
additional cost of buying an automatic car and a modified tractor for the
plaintiff’s use, the cost of additional crop irrigation equipment, the cost of
engaging contractors to carry out crop-spraying when the plaintiff was unable
to do so, and loss of profits.

69 The English Court of Appeal held that the partnership’s claim was for
damages in respect of personal injury and was therefore also time-barred. In
coming to this conclusion, Stuart-Smith LJ reasoned thus (at 36):

If one asks the question: ‘What is the firm’s action all about?’ the answer is
that it is a claim for damages consisting of loss of profit caused by breach
of contract or negligence on the part of the defendant, resulting from the
personal injury to the plaintiff … It is the supply of a dangerous machine
which constitutes the breach of duty in tort to the plaintiff and causes his
personal injury and pecuniary loss resulting from such injury. It is the
supply of the dangerous machine which constitutes the breach of contractual
duty owed to the firm to supply a machine of merchantable quality and fit for
its purpose; this breach of duty only causes financial loss to the firm
because of the loss resulting from the personal injury to the plaintiff. _In
my judgment the words ‘in respect of’ are wide enough to embrace such a claim_
… [emphasis added]

70 Nicholls LJ, who agreed that the partnership’s claim was for damages
resulting from the personal injuries, further observed that (at 40-41):

If [a] patient suffers physical injury as a result of negligent treatment by
his doctor or dentist, he may bring an action in negligence or for breach of
contract. The damages recoverable will include general damages in respect of
the physical injury and pain and suffering. They will also include damages for
financial loss resulting from the physical injury, such as loss of future
earnings. In such a case the claim for financial loss is as much a claim for
‘damages in respect of personal injuries’ as is the claim for damages in
respect of the physical injury itself. _The plaintiff could not step outside
the three-year limitation period prescribed by s 11 by abandoning any claim
for damages in respect of the physical injury and claiming only damages in
respect of his loss of earnings_. [emphasis added]

71 In _Walkin_ , the plaintiff became pregnant after a sterilisation procedure
she had undergone was performed negligently. She sued for damages for the
costs of raising the child and only issued her writ outside the three year
limitation period. Having found that the unwanted pregnancy was a “personal
injury” suffered by the plaintiff, the English Court of Appeal held that her
claim was time-barred.

72 Auld LJ held (at 1551) that the question of whether an action was for
damages in respect of personal injury was “one of substance, not a matter of
pleading”. He also disagreed (at 1549) with the view that an unwanted
pregnancy gave rise to two separate causes of action, one for pre-natal pain
and suffering and the other for post-natal economic loss. Instead, he was of
the view that both claims arose from the same cause of action. On the facts,
Auld LJ found that the negligence had caused the unwanted pregnancy which gave
rise to the claim for damages for the costs of raising the child.

73 Neill LJ agreed with Auld LJ’s view that an unwanted pregnancy did not give
rise to two separate causes of action. He found that the claim for the
economic costs of raising the child could not be separated from the claim for
the personal injury. In this regard, Neill LJ echoed Nicholls LJ’s view in
_Howe_ (see above at [70]) that the plaintiff could not step outside the three
year limitation by abandoning any claim in respect of the physical injury and
only claiming damages in respect of the costs of raising the child (at
1555–1556).

74 _Bennett_ and the line of cases preceding it were considered by Singer J in
the English High Court decision of _Oates v Harte Reade & Co_ [1999] PNLR 763
(“ _Oates_ ”). The plaintiff in that case sued solicitors who had previously
acted for her in matrimonial proceedings. The plaintiff alleged she had lost
her home and had suffered from stress and anxiety as a result of the
defendant’s negligence. The defendant applied to strike out the claim on the
ground that it included damages in respect of personal injury and that it was
commenced after the three year limitation period had expired. The plaintiff
then applied to amend her statement of claim so as to abandon the portion
claiming damages for stress and anxiety. A Master allowed the plaintiff’s
amendment at first instance and the defendant appealed.

75 On appeal, Singer J followed _Bennett_ and held that as the plaintiff’s
claim, in its original form, _included_ a prayer for damages for personal
injuries, the _entire claim_ was subject to a three year limitation period
under s 11 of the 1980 UK Act. Singer J proceeded to consider whether the
plaintiff should be allowed to amend her statement of claim to abandon the
prayer for damages for stress and anxiety under O 20 r 5(1) and (2) of the UK
Rules of the Supreme Court (“the UK RSC”) which read as follows:

(1) …[T]he Court may at any stage of the proceedings allow the plaintiff to
amend his writ, or any party to amend his pleading, on such terms as to costs
or otherwise as may be just and in such manner (if any) as it may direct.

(2) Where an application to the Court for leave to make the amendment
mentioned in paragraph … (5) is made after any relevant period of limitation
current at the date of issue of the writ has expired, the Court may
nevertheless grant such leave in the circumstances mentioned in that paragraph
if it thinks it just to do so.

(5) An amendment may be allowed under paragraph (2) notwithstanding that the
effect of the amendment will be to add or substitute a new cause of action if
the new cause of action arises out of the same facts or substantially the same
facts as a cause of action in respect of which relief has already been claimed
in the action by the party applying for leave to make the amendment.

76 Singer J accepted that the amendments sought did not amount to adding or
substituting a new cause of action. The learned judge also accepted, that
under O 20 r 5(1) of the UK RSC, he had a wide discretion to allow the
amendment sought by the plaintiff. Yet, he declined to exercise his discretion
on the ground that it would deprive the defendant of a “cast-iron” limitation
defence. Singer J elaborated thus (at 774–775):

The ultimate question is therefore one of discretion under [O 20 r 5(1)]. … I
believe that the provisions of both statute and rules … contain powerful
indicators of how the judicial discretion should be approached in a case such
as this. The words “nevertheless” and “notwithstanding” point up that the
court, if it permits such addition or substitution, is acting in an unusual
and indeed extreme manner. Yet there envisaged are situations where what is
sought is the addition or substitution of a claim which would have been valid
in terms of limitation periods at the time of issue of the writ, even though
that period has since expired.

_But to allow the amendment sought in this action would deprive the defendant
of a good limitation defence which has arisen out of the way in which the
plaintiff has chosen to plead her case. In the light of my conclusion that the
three-year limitation period applied in this action as pleaded up to the point
when it reached the Master, this is therefore a case where the limitation
defence has been throughout available to the defendant._

[emphasis added]

77 Singer J’s reasoning was criticised by the English Court of Appeal in
_Shade v The Compton Partnership_ [2000] PNLR 218 (“ _Shade_ ”). In _Shade_ ,
the plaintiff had instructed the defendant solicitors to sue his former
solicitors for negligently carrying out a conveyancing transaction. However, a
writ was not issued in time and the plaintiff’s claim against his conveyancing
solicitors was time-barred as a result. The plaintiff then commenced
proceedings against the defendant. Apart from claiming damages for financial
loss, the plaintiff claimed that that the defendant’s professional negligence
had caused him to suffer physical and psychiatric damage. The plaintiff,
however, served his writ after the three year limitation period for personal
injuries claims and the defendant applied to strike out the claim on the
ground that it was time-barred.

78 At first instance, the plaintiff’s action was struck out. On appeal, the
court accepted (at 219) that, as the damages claimed by the plaintiff included
damages in respect of personal injuries, a limitation period of three years
applied to the action. However, instead of striking out the plaintiff’s
action, the court granted leave to the plaintiff to amend his statement of
claim to sever the personal injury claims. Walker LJ, who delivered the
leading judgment, noted at the outset that (at 223):

… [A] pleading should not be struck out as hopeless if it is one that can be
cured by a permissible amendment. That is why the question of a possible
amendment should be considered on a strike out application.

In so far as the decision in _Oates_ was concerned, Walker LJ described (at
224) the reasoning in that case as being “less than fully satisfactory”. He
continued thus (_ibid_):

It may be arid to discuss whether the deletion of a part of pleading should be
regarded as the substitution of one cause of action for another. It is
possible to think of some cases in which that would, at least at first sight,
be so, such as a case where the deletion of the single word “fraudulently”
might substitute a claim based on innocent misrepresentation for one based on
deceit. Simply to delete parts of the damages claimed to have been caused by a
single breach of duty is not easily described as a substitution as it is
clearly not an addition to a claim.

79 Walker LJ went on to disagree with the view expressed in _Oates_ that an
amendment should be refused if it would have deprived the defendant of a
limitation defence that he would have had at the time of service of the writ.
He observed as follows (at 224–225):

Depriving a defendant on an accrued limitation defence by amendment, _is a
material factor in the exercise of the court’s discretion when, and it seems
to me only when, the claimant could not usefully start new proceedings_...

…

I consider that Mr Shade should have been given the opportunity, had the case
taken that route of seeking permission to amend his statement of claim so as
to delete the claims for damages for personal injuries so far as the Master’s
order, if upheld, did not automatically do that for him. I consider that such
permission ought not to be refused on limitation grounds because the new claim
(and it can be called that in the loose sense) would not have been statute
barred if raised in new proceedings commenced at the time of the hearing
before the Master.

[emphasis added]

80 Finally, Walker LJ (at 225–226) sought to distinguish the earlier Court of
Appeal decision in _Walkin_ in the following way:

_Walkin_ was a case of a claim for damages in respect of an unwanted pregnancy
which followed after an unsuccessful operation for female sterilisation. _The
whole claim, both as to pain and as to economic loss, followed solely from the
effect of the unsuccessful medical treatment on the plaintiff’s physical
condition._ The fact that a second writ was issued in that case claiming
economic loss only could not alter the character of that particular and
unusual type of claim … [emphasis added]

In such cases, the learned judge was of the view that _common sense_ should
dictate whether an amendment should be allowed to sever the personal injuries
claim.

81 For completeness, we also note that the leading textbooks on the subject of
limitation periods have endorsed the approach taken by Walker LJ in _Shade_.
Andrew McGee, for example, in his book titled _Limitation Periods_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 6th ed, 2010) has opined (at p 159) that:

It is submitted that Robert Walker L.J. [in _Shade_] is right. Although the
point is not expressly dealt with in the CPR, in most cases there will be no
reason to refuse to allow such an amendment – a claimant ought to be allowed
to abandon any part of his claim at any time, subject, of course, to any
appropriate costs orders which might follow from that decision.

Rodney Nelson-Jones, Frank Burton QC and Andrew Roy, the learned authors of
_Personal Injury Limitation Law_ (Tottel Publishing, 2nd ed, 2007), similarly
take the view (at p 24) that:

It would therefore seem permissible for a claimant in certain circumstances
where the personal injury is not very substantial and where the injury itself
has not directly caused economic loss to sever off that part of the claim to
avoid the 3 year primary limitation period.

82 Returning, then, to the case before this court, for the reasons set out
below, we would respectfully differ from the Judge’s conclusion that, because
the Appellant has claimed damages for personal injuries in relation to some of
his pleaded causes of action, a limitation period of three years applies to
his _entire suit_. Citing the cases of _Walkin_ , _Bennett_ and _Oates_ ,
however, Mr Khoo submits that the Judge was correct in reaching the conclusion
which he did. Mr Khoo states that s 24A(2) applies to any “action” where the
damages claimed “consist of or include” damages in respect of personal
injuries. He further points out that “action” is defined by s 2(1) of the Act
to include “a suit or any proceedings in court”.

83 With respect, we are unable to agree with the _overly literal
interpretation_ of s 24A(2) which Mr Khoo seeks to advance. In our judgment,
where a plaintiff’s suit comprises several causes of action, the three year
limitation period under _s 24A(2) only applies to the causes of action under
which the Appellant has claimed damages for personal injury and not more
generally to the entire suit_. This is borne out by the following. First, the
entire scheme of the Act is such that the relevant limitation period would
depend on the nature of the cause of action that is pleaded. Secondly, the
definition of “action” which Mr Khoo cites is an inclusive, as opposed to an
exhaustive, one. Thirdly, reading the word “action” contextually, especially
in the light of s 24A(1), it is plain to us that it refers to actions for
breach of duty. Fourthly, under the Rules, a plaintiff is both permitted, and
as a matter of practice, likely, to join as many causes of action as he has
against a defendant in a single suit. If Mr Khoo’s contentions are accepted, a
plaintiff might be better off commencing separate actions to avoid limitation
issues. This would be highly undesirable from the viewpoints of expediency as
well as the saving of costs. Finally, the cases cited by Mr Khoo do not stand
as authority for the proposition which he cites them for. Although alternative
causes of action in negligence and breach of contract were pleaded in _Walkin_
, _Bennett_ and _Oates_ , damages for personal injuries were claimed in
relation to each cause of action.

84 At the hearing of the appeal, we raised the possibility of the Appellant
being allowed to amend his statement of claim in order _to abandon his claims
for damages for personal injury_. Mr Khoo conceded that, based on the decision
in _Shade_ , this court _did_ have the discretion to allow such an amendment.
In our view, Mr Khoo’s concession was _properly made_. In this regard, we
fully agree with the reasoning of Walker LJ in _Shade_ (see above at
[77]–[80]) and would gratefully apply it here. As was the case in _Shade_ ,
even if the Appellant’s causes of action which claim damages in respect of
personal injuries are struck out, the Appellant will be _within the six year
limitation period_ and can commence fresh proceedings if such damages are not
claimed. Therefore, we do not see how the Respondent would be prejudiced if
the aforementioned amendment is allowed. In fairness to Mr Khoo, he did not in
any event adopt such a position.

85 We should, however, point out that it is unclear from _Shade_ whether such
an amendment should similarly be allowed if, at the time of the proposed
amendment, the plaintiff is also out of time to commence fresh proceedings in
which damages for personal injuries are _not_ claimed. Although this point
was, not taken before us, we would, _parenthetically_ , observe that there
appears to be _no reason_ to disallow such an amendment in _every_ case. As a
matter of _principle_ , any amendments made to the writ would date back to the
date the writ was _originally filed_ (see, for example, the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Warner v Sampson_ [1959] QB 297 at 321). Hence, if the
limitation period is current at the date the writ was filed, then the action,
_as amended_ , will be deemed to have been commenced within time. As a matter
of _policy_ , we do not think that the question of _prejudice_ to the
defendant should turn, _purely_ , on whether the proposed amendment would
deprive the defendant of a _technical_ limitation defence which it could avail
itself of now were a fresh writ to be filed but which would not have been
available at the time the original writ was filed. Although limitation periods
exist to protect defendants from stale claims being instituted against them,
this must be _balanced_ against the need to ensure that _meritorious claims
are not unduly stifled by procedural requirements_. In our view, therefore,
the issue of prejudice is one that depends, in the final analysis, on the
_facts and circumstances of each case_ , and, in particular, whether under the
original pleading, the defendant was given _fair notice_ of the claim being
brought against him.

86 Applying what we have stated above to the case before us, we are of the
view that the following of the Appellant’s claims are for _damages in respect
of personal injuries_ : (a) general damages for assault and battery; (b)
general damages for assault and battery (humiliation); (c) general damages for
excessive use of force; (d) general damages for intentional infliction of
emotional distress; and (e) damages for economic loss. In so far as item (e)
is concerned, although the Appellant attaches the _label_ of “economic loss”
to his claim, it is, in _substance_ , a claim for damages in respect of
personal injuries. Conversely, the following heads of damages claimed by the
Appellant are _not_ damages in respect of personal injuries and can be
properly severed from the claims which are: (a) general damages for loss of
liberty arising from false imprisonment; (b) aggravated damages for loss of
liberty arising from false imprisonment; (c) general damages for defamation;
and (d) punitive damages for malicious prosecution, wrongful arrest and abuse
of process. It should be pointed out that the Respondent takes the position
that there are other grounds for striking out the Appellant’s causes of action
in malicious prosecution, abuse of process and defamation. We will come to
these grounds later in our judgment. It suffices however, at this juncture, to
state that, subject to our decision on those particular matters, we would be
minded to allow the Appellant to amend his statement of claim to abandon his
claims for damages for personal injuries.

87 Unfortunately, given how the parties chose to argue their respective cases,
neither party took the point as to whether, as a matter of _law_ , if a cause
of action pleaded by the Appellant includes a claim for damages for personal
injury, the three year limitation period under s 24A(2) would apply to bar the
_entire_ cause of action, or whether, the three year limitation period would
only apply _in so far as damages were claimed in respect of personal injury_.
As alluded to earlier, an argument was made by the plaintiff in _Walkin_ that
the unwanted pregnancy gave rise to _two_ causes of action, one for damages
for pre-natal pain and suffering and the other for post-natal economic loss
incurred in raising the child. This argument did not find favour with the
English Court of Appeal, which held that both claims for damages arose from a
_single_ cause of action. Without intending to cast any doubt on the
correctness of the decision in _Walkin_ , we do not, with respect, think that
_Walkin_ settles the position in so far as the point raised at the beginning
of this paragraph is concerned. In this regard, we agree with Walker LJ’s
observation in _Shade_ that _Walkin_ was a case where the claim for economic
loss was _closely related_ to, and therefore _could not be severed_ from, the
personal injury suffered by the plaintiff (_ie_ , the unwanted pregnancy). It
is therefore not difficult to see why the court in _Walkin_ rejected the
argument which the plaintiff had sought to advance. In our view, the position
is less clear in cases such as _Shade_ where the claim for damages for
personal injuries can be properly severed from the rest of the claim. It seems
to us that, in these cases, it is at least arguable that the various heads of
damages claimed give rise to separate causes of action, with the effect that
the limitation period under s 24A(2) would only apply in so far as damages are
claimed for personal injuries. In any event, as the point was not taken before
us and since what we have stated above at [84]–[85] makes it unnecessary to
deal with this point, we say nothing further on it and leave it for decision
if a suitable case arises in the future.

Issue 2

88 Given our conclusion that the Appellant’s suit is not absolutely time-
barred, it becomes necessary to consider the Respondent’s arguments that there
are other grounds for striking out the Appellant’s claims in malicious
prosecution, abuse of process and defamation.

The Appellant’s constitutional argument

89 To buttress his causes of action in malicious prosecution and abuse of
process, the Appellant raises a preliminary argument concerning the
interpretation of Art 9(4) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1999 Rev Ed) (“the Constitution”). This Article reads as follows:

(4) Where a person is arrested and not released, he shall, without
unreasonable delay, and in any case within 48 hours (excluding the time of any
necessary journey), be produced before a Magistrate, in person or by way of
video-conferencing link (or other similar technology) in accordance with law,
and shall not be further detained in custody without the Magistrate’s
authority.

90 The rationale underlying Art 9(4) of the Constitution is explained by Prof
Thio Li-Ann as follows (see _A Treatise on Singapore Constitutional Law_
(Academy Publishing. 2012) at para 12.076):

Article 9(4) provides for the time period by which a person arrested and not
released shall be brought before a Magistrate in person or by virtual means.
This should be done “without unreasonable delay” and at any rate “within 48
hours”. Further detention must be made with the Magistrate’s authority. _This
rule requires that the judicial mind is immediately directed towards the
legality of an arrest and detention._ [emphasis added]

91 It will be evident from the language of Art 9(4) that it requires an
arrested person, _if not released earlier_ , to be brought before a Magistrate
without “unreasonable delay”. This means that Art 9(4) may be violated _even
where_ an arrested person is brought before a Magistrate within the 48 hour
period, if the time taken to do so amounted to “unreasonable delay” in all the
circumstances of the case. Likewise, the fact that a person is released,
whether on police bail or otherwise, within the 48 hour period, does not
necessarily preclude the possibility of Art 9(4) being contravened.

92 It is, however, also plainly the case that Art 9(4) does not confer an
arrested person with an unqualified right to be brought before a Magistrate
immediately upon his arrest. Rather, it recognises the need to afford the
police a reasonable time in which to carry out their investigations. This
point is further accentuated by the 1984 amendments to the Constitution which
extended the maximum period for which a person could be detained from 24 to
the present 48 hours. At the second reading, the then Prime Minister, Mr Lee
Kuan Yew, explained the rationale for the longer time period to be as follows
(see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (24 July 1984) vol 44
at col 1723)

The amendment is necessary to enable the Police to investigate offences more
thoroughly. The present 24-hour limit places undue constraints on police
investigations. As the Courts sit only during normal office hours, this means
that, in practice, suspects who are arrested at night or outside office hours
will have to be produced in court sometimes in a matter of eight to ten hours.
By extending the limit to 48 hours, the Police will be in a better position to
complete their investigations and to carry out follow-up action …

In our view, therefore, Art 9(4) requires the right of the individual against
arbitrary detention upon arrest to be _balanced_ against the need to afford
the police reasonable time in which to carry out their investigations.

93 The need to balance an _individual’s constitutional rights_ against _other
public interest considerations_ was also alluded to in this court’s recent
decision in _James Raj s/o Ariokasamy v Public Prosecutor_ [2014] 3 SLR 750 (“
_James Raj_ ”). _James Raj_ concerned an application for leave to refer a
question of law of public interest to this court under s 397(1) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) as to the interpretation of Art
9(3) of the Constitution (“Art 9(3)”). Art 9(3) reads as follows:

(3) Where a person is arrested, he shall be informed as soon as may be of the
grounds of his arrest and shall be allowed to consult and be defended by a
legal practitioner of his choice.

In dismissing the application for leave, this court regarded its earlier
decision in _Jasbir Singh and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 782
(“ _Jasbir Singh_ ”) as settling the position that the right to counsel under
Art 9(3) was not exercisable immediately, but, rather, only after a reasonable
time, observing as follows (at [31]):

In _Jasbir Singh_ , this Court had considered what, at that time, was the only
existing Singapore authority on the ambit of the constitutional right of
access to counsel, namely the High Court decision in _Lee Mau Seng_
[[1971–1973] SLR(R) 135]. **_There, it had been held that an arrested person
who wished to consult a legal practitioner of his choice was entitled to have
this constitutional right granted to him by the authority having custody of
him within a reasonable time after his arrest_** (_Lee Mau Seng_ at [12]). The
Court of Appeal in _Jasbir Singh_ noted that while _Lee Mau Seng_ did not
elaborate on what a “reasonable time” would be, it could be surmised that
**_an allowance for police investigations and procedure was intended to be
incorporated within the framework of a “reasonable time”_** (_Jasbir Singh_ at
[48]). The exercise of the right of access to counsel was framed in this way
**_to strike a balance that was considered appropriate to our circumstances
between, on the one hand, the arrested person’s undoubted right to legal
representation and, on the other hand, the public interest in enabling the
police to discharge their duty and carry out investigations effectively and
expeditiously_** (_Jasbir Singh_ at [46]). [emphasis added in bold italics]

94 Returning then to the present case, the Appellant contended that under Art
9(4), the police were _obliged_ to bring him before a Magistrate for a
determination of whether there were reasonable grounds for this arrest, or in
the Appellant’s words, a “probable cause hearing”. As he was not produced
before a Magistrate but instead released on police bail, the Appellant
submitted that his constitutional right under Art 9(4) had been violated.

95 We do not agree with the Appellant’s contention. In accordance with what we
have stated above, it will be evident that Art 9(4) does _not_ confer a right
upon an arrested person to be brought before a Magistrate upon his arrest in
_every_ case. Rather, _the right of the arrested person is more accurately
characterised as one to not be detained for a period that is unreasonable in
the circumstances, and which in any event does not exceed 48 hours, unless he
is brought before a Magistrate_. If the arrested person is released within a
reasonable time after his arrest, he does not have to be brought before a
Magistrate.

96 The Appellant is therefore incorrect in arguing that Art 9(4) was
contravened _merely_ because he was not taken before a Magistrate upon his
arrest.

Malicious prosecution

97 In _Zainal bin Kuning and ors v Chan Sin Mian Michael and anor_ [1996] 2
SLR(R) 858 (“ _Zainal_ ”), this court held (at [54]) that in order to
establish a cause of action in malicious prosecution, a plaintiff must show:
(a) he was prosecuted by the defendant, that is, the law must be set in motion
against him on a criminal charge; (b) the prosecution was determined in his
favour; (c) the prosecution was without reasonable and probable cause; and (d)
the prosecution was malicious.

98 Mr Khoo contends that the first requirement in _Zainal_ is not satisfied in
the case before us because the Appellant was not charged, and therefore, not
“prosecuted”. We agree. As the Privy Council observed in _Amin v Bannerjee_
[1947] AC 322 at 330:

The foundation of the action [of malicious prosecution] _lies in abuse of the
process of the court by wrongfully setting the law in motion_ , and it is
designed to discourage the perversion of the machinery of justice for an
improper purpose. [emphasis added]

The learned authors of _Clerk and Lindsell on Torts_ (Michael A Jones gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 20th ed, 2010) likewise define a “prosecution” to mean (at
para 16-11):

**What is a prosecution?** In establishing the first essential element of the
tort of malicious prosecution two key issues must be addressed, what
constitutes a prosecution? And who is the prosecutor? To prosecute is to set
the law in motion, and the law is only set in motion by an appeal to some
person clothed with judicial authority in regard to the matter in question,
and to be liable for malicious prosecution a person must at least be actively
instrumental in so setting the law in motion.

A prosecution therefore requires that the criminal law is set in motion
against the plaintiff either on a criminal charge or under a private
prosecution.

99 We should state that the Appellant accepts that a prosecution requires the
criminal law to be set in motion against him. However, he argues that a
prosecution commenced at the time of his arrest as the criminal law ought to
have been set in motion by the “probable cause hearing” that he was entitled
to, but did not receive, under Art 9(4) of the Constitution. As we have
explained above at [89]–[96], Art 9(4) did not provide the Appellant with the
right that he contends for. His arguments in this regard must therefore fail.

100 It follows that the claim for malicious prosecution plainly does _not_
disclose a reasonable cause of action and should be struck out. We are not
minded, and it is indeed not necessary for us, to make any finding on the
issue of _malice_.

Abuse of process

101 In relation to the Appellant’s claim for an abuse of process, it should be
noted at the outset that it is unclear whether this is a recognised free
standing cause of action at law and further, whether this is a cause of action
capable of giving rise to a claim _for damages_. In _Law Society of Singapore
v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 239 (“ _Phyllis Tan_ ”), the High
Court noted (at [130]) that:

Although the concept of “abuse of process” is not a precise one, its essence
is the use of the judicial process for a purpose for which it is not intended
or in circumstances where the extraneous purpose is the dominant purpose for
its use.

102 Similar sentiments were expressed by the English Court of Appeal in _Land
Securities Plc & Ors v Fladgate Fielder (A Firm)_ [2010] Ch 467, where Moore-
Bick LJ observed as follows (at [77]):

Although the concept of abuse of process is well known to the law, both in
civil and criminal proceedings, _it has rarely been treated as giving rise to
a cause of action_. More commonly it is relied on as a ground for terminating
proceedings that constitute an abuse and as such is a flexible concept for
preventing injustice. [emphasis added]

103 It will also be evident from this that courts have generally regarded the
concept of an abuse of process as referring to an _abuse of the judicial
process_. On this note, Mr Khoo submits that, as no judicial proceedings were
commenced against the Appellant, there could be no abuse of process.
Conversely, the Appellant contends that there could be an abuse of process
because the judicial process _ought to have been invoked_ by bringing him
before a Magistrate for a probable cause hearing, in accordance with Art 9(4)
of the Constitution. He further contends that the abuse of process lies in the
Attorney-General’s direction to the police not to take him before a Magistrate
in contravention of the same article of the Constitution. In this regard, the
Appellant cites _Phyllis Tan_ where the court held (at [148]):

Under the law, the Attorney-General must act according to law, as his
prosecutorial power is not unfettered … First, he may not use his
prosecutorial power in bad faith for an extraneous purpose. Second, he may not
use it so as to contravene constitutional rights, such as the right to
equality before the law and the equal protection of the law.

104 In our view, the Appellant’s contentions are untenable. We find that there
was _no_ abuse of the judicial process for the simple reason that judicial
proceedings were never commenced against the Appellant in the first place as
he was not charged. Further, for the reasons which we stated above at
[89]–[96], we disagree with the Appellant’s suggestion that judicial
proceedings ought to been commenced against him by bringing him before a
Magistrate. For the same reasons, under the principles enunciated in _Phyllis
Tan_ (see above at [103]), the Attorney-General did not act in excess of his
prosecutorial powers.

105 In the event, the claim for abuse of process discloses no reasonable cause
of action and should be struck out.

Defamation

106 To establish a _prima facie_ case of defamation, a plaintiff must prove
the following three elements: (a) the statement must be defamatory in nature;
(b) the statement must refer to the plaintiff; and (c) the statement must be
published (see Gary Chan Kok Yew, _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ (Academy
Publishing, 2011) (“ _Law of Torts in Singapore_ ”) at para 12.009).

107 As already mentioned, the Appellant relies on two statements to make out
his claim in defamation. The first is the police officer’s statement “breach
of PPO” when asked by the doctor at CGH about the Appellant’s wrongdoing. The
second is the doctor’s comment that the Appellant had only suffered a “small
injury”.

108 As a preliminary point, we note that the Appellant’s claim in defamation
is deficient as _matter of pleading_. In this regard, O 78 r 3 of the Rules is
germane and it sets out the particulars which must be provided when pleading a
claim in defamation:

**Obligation to give particulars (O. 78, r. 3)**

**_3._** _—(1) Where in an action for libel or slander the plaintiff alleges
that the words or matters complained of were used in a defamatory sense other
than their ordinary meaning, he must give particulars of the facts and matters
on which he relies in respect of such sense._

(2) Where in an action for libel or slander the defendant alleges that, in so
far as the words complained of consist of statements of fact, they are true in
substance and in fact, and in so far as they consist of expressions of
opinion, they are fair comment on a matter of public interest, or pleads to
the like effect, he must give particulars stating which of the words
complained of he alleges are statements of fact and of the facts and matters
he relies on in support of the allegation that the words are true.

(3) Where in an action for libel or slander the plaintiff alleges that the
defendant maliciously published the words or matters complained of, he need
not in his statement of claim give particulars of the facts on which he relies
in support of the allegation of malice, but if the defendant pleads that any
of those words or matters are fair comment on a matter of public interest or
were published upon a privileged occasion and the plaintiff intends to allege
that the defendant was actuated by express malice, he must serve a reply
giving particulars of the facts and matters from which the malice is to be
inferred.

_(3A) Without prejudice to Order 18, Rule 12, the plaintiff must give full
particulars in the statement of claim of the facts and matters on which he
relies in support of his claim for damages, including details of any conduct
by the defendant which it is alleged has increased the loss suffered and of
any loss which is peculiar to the plaintiff’s own circumstances._

(4) This Rule shall apply in relation to a counterclaim for libel or slander
as if the party making the counterclaim were the plaintiff and the party
against whom it is made the defendant.

[emphasis added]

109 Applying O 78 r 3 of the Rules to the present case, it was incumbent upon
the Appellant to: (a) identify whether the offending words were defamatory in
their ordinary meaning or in terms of innuendo; and (b) set out all the facts
and particulars which he intended to rely upon to support his claim for
damages. In the context of point (b), we note that the Appellant had failed to
plead particulars of the extent of publication of the allegedly defamatory
statements. Besides the doctor and the police officer, the Appellant’s
statement of claim did not identify anyone else who was present in the
examination room at the time the alleged statements were made. Moreover the
defamation here is a slander, as opposed to a libel, and the common law rule
is that a slander requires proof of special damage (see _Law of Torts in
Singapore_ at para 12.005), unless one of the statutory exceptions under ss 4,
5 and 6 of the Defamation Act (Cap 75, 2014 Rev Ed) applies, which was not the
case here. This court is unable to infer any special damage occasioned by the
slander from the Appellant’s pleaded case without which there is no cause of
action. In other words, the Appellant’s complaint of slander bears no
discernible cause of action, and is susceptible to being struck out under O 18
r 19(1)(_a_) or under the court’s inherent jurisdiction.

110 That having been said, we should not lose sight of the fact that the
Appellant’s claim in defamation is also legally unsustainable in other
respects.

111 In relation to the doctor’s comment, we agree with Mr Khoo’s submission
that the _proper defendant_ to such a claim is the doctor himself or his
employers. The Respondent _cannot_ be made liable for statements made by the
employees of CGH, which is privately managed by Changi General Hospital Pte
Ltd. We also note that the Appellant did not assert to the contrary in this
regard.

112 In relation to the police officer’s statement, the Respondent first
contends that the statement was made on an occasion of qualified privilege.
The law in this regard is _settled_. The defence of qualified privilege
applies where the defendant to a defamation suit has an _interest or duty_ ,
whether legal, social or moral, to communicate the information and the
recipient has a _corresponding interest or duty_ to receive the information:
see _Law of Torts in Singapore_ at para 13.063. It is also pertinent to note
in this regard that the privilege attaches to the _occasion_ on which the
defamatory statement is made _and not the statement itself_ : see this court’s
decision in _Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei_ [2010] 4 SLR 331 at [34].
There is, therefore, _no need to apply an objective test of relevance to every
part of the defamatory matter as a pre-condition to the existence of the
privilege_ : see _ibid_. However, it is equally important to note that the
aforementioned is _subject to_ the following _caveat_ which is succinctly
explained by the learned author of _Law of Torts in Singapore_ in the
following terms (at para 13.062):

Even though a statement may be published on a privileged occasion, parts of
the statement which are **_totally irrelevant or extraneous_** may
nevertheless fall outside the ambit of the defence. Such irrelevant or
extraneous words may constitute evidence of malice. **_However, if those parts
of the statements are relevant but excessive or exaggerated, they would remain
protected by the defence_**. [emphasis added in bold italics]

113 In the present case, the Appellant appeared to acknowledge (correctly, in
our view) that, as he was under arrest at the time of the medical examination,
the _relationship_ between the police officer and the doctor was such that the
police officer had a duty or an interest to answer the doctor’s questions. He
_nonetheless_ contended that qualified privilege _did not apply on the facts
of this case_ because the doctor was not under a _duty_ to include details of
the Appellant’s wrongdoing in his medical report, because it contributed
nothing to the Appellant’s diagnosis and his treatment, and, therefore, the
doctor could not be said to have a corresponding duty or interest to receive
the information communicated by the police officer.

114 With respect, we are _unable_ to agree with the Appellant’s submission
which, in our view, is _overly pedantic_. As stated above (at [112]), the test
as to whether the police officer’s statement was made on an occasion of
qualified privilege _does not require an objective test of relevance to be
applied to every statement made_ , but, rather, the issue is _whether the
statements made can be said to be plainly extraneous or irrelevant_. It is
therefore necessary to have regard to the full context of what – _according to
the Appellant_ – had transpired in the medical examination. Pertinently, on
the Appellant’s own case, when he was brought to CGH for his medical
examination, he was handcuffed and escorted by the two police officers. It was
in this light that the doctor had first asked how the Appellant had gotten
injured. Having been informed by the Appellant that his wife had beaten him,
it was not only logical but within the scope of the doctor’s duty for him to
inquire as to why the Appellant had been arrested, or in the Appellant’s own
words, his “wrongdoing”. Moreover, the doctor had recorded in the Appellant’s
medical report that he was “arrested for breach of PPO”. _Even if_ the doctor
was not under a strict duty – or in other words, an obligation – to include
this information in the Appellant’s medical report, it _could not_ be said
that the information requested was _plainly irrelevant or extraneous_ , such
that the police officer’s statement was outside the ambit of the qualified
privilege. We also note, for completeness, that the Appellant _did not suggest
that the statement was motivated by malice_ , such that the defence of
qualified privilege would be defeated. It follows from this that the
Appellant’s claim in defamation ought to be struck out.

115 As a further basis for striking out the Appellant’s claim in defamation,
the Respondent contended that given the extremely limited publication of the
statements made by the doctor and the police officer, the Appellant’s claim in
defamation ought to be struck out. In this regard, Mr Khoo cited the decision
of the English Court of Appeal in _Jameel (Yousef) v Dow Jones & Co Inc_
[2005] QB 946 (“ _Jameel_ ”). In _Jameel_ , the foreign claimant issued
defamation proceedings in England against the publisher of an American
newspaper in respect of an article posted on a website in the USA. The
publisher adduced evidence showing that only five persons in the jurisdiction
had accessed the website, of which three persons were from the claimant’s
camp. The publisher subsequently applied to strike out the claim on the ground
that it had no reasonable prospect of success. Arguments before the court
proceeded on the basis that only five persons had viewed the allegedly
defamatory material.

116 In striking out the claim, the court held that there was no “real and
substantial tort” allegedly committed within the jurisdiction and that it
would be an abuse of process for the plaintiff to proceed with his claim, even
though the publisher had not objected to the jurisdiction of the English
courts on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ earlier. The court observed (at
[54], [69] and [70]) that:

54 … An abuse of process is of concern not merely to the parties but to the
court. It is no longer the role of the court simply to provide a level playing
field and to referee whatever game the parties choose to play upon it. The
court is concerned to ensure that judicial and court resources are
appropriately and proportionately used in accordance with the requirements of
justice. If [the publisher] have caused potential prejudice to the claimant by
failing to raise the points now pursued at the proper time, it does not follow
that the court must permit this action to continue. The court has other means
of dealing with such prejudice…

…

69 If the claimant succeeds in this action and is awarded a small amount of
damages, it can perhaps be said that he will have achieved vindication for the
damage done to his reputation in this country, but both the damage and the
vindication will be minimal. The cost of the exercise will have been out of
all proportion to what has been achieved. The game will not merely not have
been worth the candle, it will not have been worth the wick.

70 If we were considering an application to set aside permission to serve
these proceedings out of the jurisdiction we would allow that application on
the basis that the five publications that had taken place in this jurisdiction
did not, individually or collectively, amount to a real and substantial tort.
Jurisdiction is no longer in issue, but, subject to the effect of the claim
for an injunction that we have yet to consider, we consider for precisely the
same reason that it would not be right to permit this action to proceed. It
would be an abuse of process to continue to commit the resources of the
English court, including substantial judge and possibly jury time, to an
action where so little is now seen to be at stake. Normally where a small
claim is brought, it will be dealt with by a proportionate small claims
procedure. Such a course is not available in an action for defamation where,
although the claim is small, the issues are complex and subject to special
procedure under the CPR.

117 The decision of _Jameel_ has been followed by the English High Court in
_Phillip Wallis and GHP Securities Limited v Justin Meredith_ [2011] EWHC 75
(QB) and the English Court of Appeal in _Tamiz v Google Inc_ [2013] 1 WLR
2151. Locally, _Jameel_ was applied by Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) in
the Singapore High Court decision of _Lee Hsien Loong v Review Publishing Co
Ltd and another and another suit_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 453, albeit in the
_different context_ of a challenge to the jurisdiction of the court by a
defendant against whom the plaintiff had been granted leave to effect service
of the writ out of jurisdiction. _Jameel_ was also referred to (also in a
_different context_) in the Singapore High Court decision of _Ng Koo Kay
Benedict and another v Zim Integrated Shipping Services Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 860
at [44]. However, there was a direct application of _Jameel_ in the Singapore
District Court decision of _Kesavan Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd v S P
Powerassets Limited_ [2011] SGDC 179.

118 It is also pertinent to note that since _Jameel_ was decided under a set
of procedural rules which are fundamentally different from those in Singapore
(see, for example, _Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (Alastair Mullis & Richard
Parkes QC joint eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th ed, 2013) (“ _Gatley_ ”) at para
30.48), and because it entails – in part, at least – the (potentially far
reaching) proposition that an action may be struck out on the basis that the
_publication_ of the defamatory material is _limited_ , or the _amount_
claimed as damages is _de minimis_ , the principle enunciated in that case
should be approached with the _necessary circumspection_ by the Singapore
courts. In this regard, we find the following observations of the learned
authors of _Gatley_ (at para 6.2) to be instructive:

However, the question whether there has been a real and substantial tort
cannot “depend upon a numbers game, with the court fixing an arbitrary minimum
according to the facts of the case” and the _Jameel_ jurisdiction should not
be pushed too far. It does not mean that any sort of mass production is always
necessary for a successful suit, otherwise claims for slander (which sometimes
lead to substantial awards of general damages) would largely disappear. It is
not difficult to conceive of claims for slanders or libels with limited
circulation which would cause the claimant great embarrassment or distress or
which might blight his financial prospects.

We also note, however, that the same authors have also observed as follows (at
para 30.48):

While the central principles are now tolerably clear, the precise nature and
reach of the jurisdiction is not. Despite it being axiomatic that it is only
in the most clear and obvious cases that it will be appropriate to strike out
proceedings as an abuse of process, it may be difficult to predict with
confidence in any particular case whether the court will or will not agree
that the claim is a _Jameel_ abuse. Moreover, an incorrect prediction may
prove costly: it is not unusual for _Jameel-_ based applications to involve
in-depth scrutiny of the germane facts, circumstances and evidence.
Nevertheless, what unifies the authorities that make up the relevant
jurisprudence is that in each case it was open to the defendant, generally at
an early stage, to present the claim as one that was, for one reason or
another, trivial or pointless, such that it would be disproportionate to
permit it to proceed any further. The question of whether it is or is not
proportionate for the proceedings to continue is answered by the court with
reference to what is in essence a cost-benefit calculation, “cost” in terms of
the parties’ costs and, perhaps more importantly, the impact upon the court’s
increasingly hard-pressed resources, and “benefit” in terms of the true value
to the claimant of any realistically available remedy.

119 In another leading work, _Carter-Ruck on Libel and Privacy_ (Alastair
Mullis & Cameron Doley gen eds) (LexisNexis, 6th ed, 2010), it is observed as
follows (at para 28.44):

Of particular importance in defamation actions is the category of abuse
established by the Court of Appeal in _Jameel v Dow Jones and Co_ which is
related not to the conduct of the parties but derives from the principle of
proportionality. If a publication is unlikely to have caused the claimant
significant damage within the jurisdiction there is no prospect of the court
granting an injunction to restrain further publication and the claimant would
be entitled only to nominal damages; the claim may be struck out as an abuse
of process on the basis that the cost of pursuing proceedings would be out of
all proportion to the minimal vindication that would be achieved. The sanction
will not be appropriate in every case.

However, there are also reservations expressed in the context of the
_application_ of _Jameel_ itself in the footnotes to the extract just cited.
For example, in note 3, it is submitted that “there is no reason of principle
why the category of abuse [in _Jameel_] should be limited to cases in which
the damage to the claimant’s reputation is minimal only when it is so because
of the size of the publication”. And, in note 7, it is noted that
“[p]ublication to a limited number of people may still be very damaging”,
observing that “[i]n _Sanders v Percy_ [2009] EWHC 1870 (QB) the court
declined to order that an action based on publication to the claimant’s
solicitor was an abuse in circumstances in which the allegation was a serious
one made by a court officer”.

120 In the court below, the Judge, in following _Jameel_ , held that the
Appellant’s claim in defamation did not disclose a “real and substantial tort”
and, on that note, was an abuse of process of the court and ought to be struck
out. On appeal, Mr Khoo invited us to make a determination to the same effect.
In light of our decision above at [111]–[114], it is, _strictly speaking_ ,
not necessary for us to decide whether the Judge was correct in following
_Jameel_. That having been said, there is a relatively significant body of
authority in England endorsing the general principle established in _Jameel,
viz_ , that a claim which discloses no real and substantial tort is liable to
be struck out for being an abuse of process of the court, and the real
concerns (as we have seen above) relate to its _application_. This last-
mentioned point is not surprising in view of the fact that the line-drawing
required is not only fact-centric but may also be difficult to effect in
borderline situations. Further, and leaving aside the differences in the rules
of civil procedure between England and Singapore, _Jameel_ also contains some
_general principles_ that may be applicable in the Singapore context. Hence,
applying the principle in _Jameel_ to the facts of the present case, we would
be of the view that this was far from being a borderline situation and that
the Judge was therefore correct in following and applying _Jameel_ and holding
that the Appellant’s claim in defamation did not disclose a real and
substantial tort. This would have served as a _yet further_ reason as to why
the Appellant’s claim in defamation should fail.

121 For completeness, we note the Appellant’s argument that for the principle
in _Jameel_ to apply, the Respondent had to prove that the publication was
made to no more than five persons. With respect, we are unable to agree.
Bearing in mind our discussion above at [106], the burden of establishing a
cause of action in slander fell squarely on the Appellant. In the context of
publication of the words, and this relates to the question of who heard the
police officer’s statement apart from the doctor, the burden of proving
publication is also squarely on the Appellant.

Wrongful arrest

122 Before concluding, we wish to make some observations regarding the
Appellant’s claim for punitive damages for wrongful arrest. At the hearing, it
appeared to us that there was some confusion between the parties as to whether
this claim _had been_ , or for that matter, _should be_ , struck out.

123 At first instance, the AR found that the Appellant was using the term
“wrongful arrest” interchangeably with false imprisonment. He therefore
amended the first page of the Appellant’s statement of claim to read “punitive
damages for false imprisonment”. He also allowed the claim for damages for
loss of liberty arising from false imprisonment to remain. The Respondent _did
not file an appeal_ against the AR’s decision to allow these claims to remain.

124 The Judge, having found that the Appellant’s _entire suit_ was time-
barred, allowed the Appellant’s claim for damages for loss of liberty arising
from false imprisonment to remain as the Respondent did not appeal against the
“indulgence” granted by the AR to the Appellant (see GD at [54]). It is not
clear, however, whether the Judge also allowed the claim for punitive damages
for false imprisonment to remain. Indeed, the Judge did not _expressly_ refer
to this particular aspect of the AR’s decision in his grounds. This is further
complicated by the fact that the Judge went on to find that a wrongful arrest
was not an independent tort or a cause of action, as distinct from false
imprisonment. Curiously, in his notice of appeal filed in Civil Appeal No 142
of 2013, the Appellant did not appeal against the Judge’s decision to strike
out his claim for wrongful arrest.

125 We are minded to uphold the AR’s decision to amend the Appellant’s
statement of claim to read “punitive damages for false imprisonment”. At the
hearing, the Appellant clarified that he was using the terms “false
imprisonment” and “wrongful arrest” interchangeably. In this regard, apart
from arguing that the entire suit was time-barred (an argument which we do not
accept for reasons already stated), the Respondent did not demonstrate why the
Appellant’s claim for punitive damages for wrongful arrest, _ie_ , false
imprisonment, should be struck out. Consistently with our earlier observation
(above at [86]) that the punitive damages sought by the Appellant for his
false imprisonment claim are not “damages in respect of personal injuries”
under s 24(2) of the Act, and bearing in mind the Appellant’s clarification
that he was using the terms “false imprisonment” and “wrongful arrest”
interchangeably as well as the fact that the Respondent did not file an appeal
against the AR’s decision, we see no principled basis for striking out the
Appellant’s claim in this regard.

Conclusion

126 For all the reasons set out above, we dismiss the appeal. The net result,
therefore, is that the AR’s decision stands, which means that the Appellant’s
false imprisonment claim (for damages for loss of liberty and/or for punitive
damages) is _not_ struck out. The Appellant is to pay the Respondent’s costs
of the appeal, which are to be taxed if not agreed. There will be the usual
consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Nov 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

