Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Poh Cheng Chew _v_ K P Koh & Partners Pte Ltd and another  
[2014] SGHC 20

Case Number| :| Suit No 682 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lionel Yee JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chew Yee Teck Eric (Archilex Law Corporation, formerly
from JLim & Chew Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Derek Kang Yu Hsien, Tan
Jin Wang Ross and Alvin Liong Wei Kiat (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
defendants.  
Parties| :|  Poh Cheng Chew — K P Koh & Partners Pte Ltd and another  
  
30 January 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lionel Yee JC:

1 This case raises issues relating to expert determination and breach of
contract which arise out of a settlement agreement made between the parties on
12 March 2012 (“the Settlement Agreement”) pursuant to a dispute over
renovations works for a property at Sentosa Cove owned by the Plaintiff (“the
Property”).

Background facts

2 The First Defendant is an architecture and engineering firm, whereas the
Second Defendant is a building contractor (collectively, “the Defendants”). Mr
Koh Kok Peng (“Koh”) is a professional engineer and the principal partner in
the First Defendant; Koh also runs the Second Defendant.

3 On or about 8 April 2010, the Plaintiff engaged the Defendants to carry out
additions and alterations (“the A&A Works”) to the Property. The First
Defendant provided consulting engineer services for the A&A Works whereas the
Second Defendant carried out the A&A Works. A quotation issued on 21 June 2010
(“the 21 June Quotation”) stated the contract price for the A&A Works as
$367,800.[note: 1] Subsequent amendments to the scope of works in the 21 June
Quotation were made in a revised quotation attached to a letter from the
Second Defendant to the Plaintiff dated 20 August 2010 (“the Revised 21 June
Quotation”).[note: 2] The contract price, however, remained unchanged and it
is not disputed that the Plaintiff has made full payment of the contract price
for the A&A Works.[note: 3]

4 A dispute arose between the parties regarding the A&A Works. The Plaintiff,
alleging that the A&A Works were defective and incomplete, commissioned two
companies to prepare reports on the A&A Works. The first report dated May 2011
was done by Building Appraisal Pte Ltd (“Building Appraisal”) and described
defects in the A&A Works (“the Building Appraisal Report”).[note: 4] The
second report dated January 2012 was done by Lee Consultants and identified
the discrepancies between the actual “as-built” work on site and the approved
plans for the A&A Works (“the Lee Consultants Report”).[note: 5] For ease of
reference, I will refer to the Building Appraisal Report and the Lee
Consultants Report collectively as “the Consultants’ Reports”.

5 On 8 February 2012, the Plaintiff through his solicitors issued a letter of
demand to the First Defendant, claiming a sum of $111,330 as _inter alia_
compensation for defective works done to the Property.[note: 6] On the same
date, the Plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the Professional Engineers Board
(“PEB”), making a complaint against the First Defendant and Koh and requesting
the PEB to investigate the matter and take necessary action against Koh.[note:
7] It appears that the Plaintiff also wrote to the Building and Construction
Authority (“BCA”) on 20 February 2012 making a complaint against Koh.[note: 8]

6 The dispute was resolved through mediation on 12 March 2012 and the
Settlement Agreement was entered into between the Plaintiff and the
Defendants. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, a professional engineer was
to be appointed to set out the scope and specifications of works required to
rectify the defects (“the Rectification Works”), prepare and call for a tender
for the said works, and evaluate the tenders and award the contract. The scope
and specifications of the Rectification Works were to be “based on” the
Consultants’ Reports and were to be set out “on the basis of the most
efficient manner to rectify the defects so as to ensure that the works comply
with the required statutory regulations and are of a standard commensurate
with the price paid by the [Plaintiff] for the original works”.[note: 9]

7 Under the Settlement Agreement, the Defendants were to pay:

(a) the fees of the professional engineer;

(b) the costs of the Rectification Works;

(c) the costs of 2 “Somerset” service apartments of 3 bedrooms each (or
equivalent) and the costs of storage of the Plaintiff’s chattels for the
duration of the Rectification Works; and

(d) $20,000 to the Plaintiff as compensation for moving and costs.

As for the Plaintiff, he was to refrain from filing any complaints (presumably
against Koh or the Defendants) with the PEB.

8 Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Defendants duly paid the Plaintiff
$20,000 as compensation for moving and costs and Mr Chan Yaw Fai (“Chan”) was
appointed as the professional engineer.

9 Chan quoted a lump sum of $88,000 for his fees, which was to be paid
progressively in instalments.[note: 10] Chan’s appointment on these terms was
confirmed in a letter from the Plaintiff’s solicitors dated 19 March
2012.[note: 11] Subsequently there was some discussion between the parties
regarding Chan’s fees, which the Defendants felt were too high. Around the end
of March 2012, the Defendants’ solicitor at that time, Mr Low Chai Chong
(“Low”), wrote to the Plaintiff’s solicitors stating that Chan’s quotation was
far too high and seeking the Plaintiff’s consent for Koh to contact Chan to
see if Chan could “give a discount” and also to clarify Chan’s scope of
works.[note: 12] The Plaintiff had no objections.

10 On 28 March 2012, Koh, together with Mr Freddie Chia (“Chia”), another
partner in the First Defendant, met with Chan to discuss his fees (“the 28
March 2012 Meeting”). There is some disagreement as to what transpired at that
meeting but what is not disputed is that after the meeting, Chan agreed to
give Koh what was in effect a discount of $8,000 on his fees.[note: 13] The
Defendants subsequently paid Chan $19,260, this sum being the first instalment
of his fees, and Chan returned $8,000 in cash to the Defendants.[note: 14]

11 Chan conducted site visits to the Property on 3 and 4 April 2012.[note: 15]
He produced a set of tender documents for the proposed Rectification Works
(“the Tender Document”), which he forwarded to the parties for their
comments.[note: 16] A few amendments were made to the Tender Document pursuant
to some comments from the Plaintiff, to which the Defendants did not
object.[note: 17] On 10 May 2012, Chan sent out invitations to tender to
various contractors. A site show-round of the Property (“the First Site Show-
round”) was conducted by Chan on 17 May 2012. The first tender was opened on
31 May 2012 and four contractors submitted tenders based on the Tender
Document as follows:

(a) Winning Flag Enterprise Pte Ltd (“Winning Flag”) at $188,800;

(b) Builders Alliance Pte Ltd (“Builders Alliance”) at $210,350;

(c) Effulgent Builder & Marketing Pte Ltd (“Effulgent”) at $542,318; and

(d) Crystallite Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd (“Crystallite”) at
$623,500.

12 Initially, Chan called for a tender interview with only the two higher
bidders, Effulgent and Crystallite. However, after objections from the
Defendants, all four tenderers were invited for a tender interview.[note: 18]
Three were interviewed on 19 June 2012 whereas one (Builders Alliance) failed
to turn up for the tender interview. The three tenderers were then asked to go
for another site show-round on 21 June 2012 (“the Second Site Show-round”).
Either during the tender interview or the Second Site Show-round, Chan handed
a two-page questionnaire relating to certain items in the Tender Document
(“the Tender Questionnaire”) to each contractor.[note: 19]

13 The second tender was then opened on 26 June 2012. The revised bids were as
follows:

(a) Winning Flag at $498,000;

(b) Effulgent at $542,318;

(c) Crystallite at $566,200.

14 On 6 July 2012, Chan awarded the contract for the Rectification Works to
Crystallite for $498,000.[note: 20] The Defendants were dissatisfied with
Chan’s decision and did not make any further payment to the Plaintiff under
the Settlement Agreement. After unsuccessful further mediation, the Plaintiff
commenced the present suit on 16 August 2012\. On the same date, the Plaintiff
filed a complaint to the PEB against Koh by way of a statutory
declaration.[note: 21] It is not in dispute that the Rectification Works have
never started.

The pleadings

15 The Plaintiff pleaded that he had suffered loss and damage as a result of
the Defendants’ breach of the Settlement Agreement and thus claimed the
following sums from the Defendants:[note: 22]

(a) $718,476.80, made up as follows:

(i) $74,900 being Chan’s outstanding fees (inclusive of goods and services tax
(“GST”));

(ii) $532,860 being the costs of the Rectification Works (inclusive of GST);

(iii) $96,000 being the rental already incurred for two Sentosa Cove
apartments for four months; [note: 23]

(iv) $14,716.80 being storage costs for four months;

(b) Rental of $24,000 per month (being the average rental for two “Somerset”
service apartments) for four months being the duration of the Rectification
Works to be carried out;[note: 24] and

(c) Storage costs of $3,679.20 per month from October 2012 until the
completion of the Rectification Works.

16 The Defendants denied that the Plaintiff was entitled to any payment and
prayed for orders that Chan’s appointment as professional engineer under the
Settlement Agreement and the award of the contract to Crystallite be set
aside.[note: 25] The thrust of the Defendants’ argument on this point was that
Chan was not independent and was controlled by or acting under the influence
of the Plaintiff and/or his agents, and had also materially departed from his
instructions in awarding the tender to Crystallite. The Defendants further
prayed for a declaration that the Settlement Agreement had been repudiated or
terminated, alleging that the Plaintiff had breached: (1) the fundamental term
that he refrain from filing a complaint to the PEB; and (2) the implied term
that he (and/or his agents) would not interfere with or exert any influence
over the professional engineer in the course of his work.

17 Alternatively, the Defendants’ case was that the Plaintiff (by himself
and/or through his agents) had conspired with Chan to _inter alia_ fix Chan’s
fees at the unreasonable amount of $88,000, increase the scope and
specifications of the Rectification Works beyond that prescribed in the
Consultants’ Reports, and award the contract to a higher bidder instead of to
Winning Flag following the first tender on 31 May 2012.[note: 26]

18 The First Defendant therefore counterclaimed the sum of $35,260 from the
Plaintiff, comprising: $20,000 paid to the Plaintiff as compensation for
moving and costs under the Settlement Agreement; and $11,260 being the net
amount paid to Chan for the first instalment of his fees. The First Defendant
also counterclaimed $4,000 being the outstanding professional fees due in
relation to additional works on the Property allegedly carried out by the
Defendants between July 2010 and April 2011 (“the Additional Works”). The
Second Defendant counterclaimed the sums of $136,650 and $9,565.50 (being GST
on the sum of $136,650) for the Additional Works, as well as damages to be
assessed in relation to the Plaintiff’s complaint to the PEB.

19 The parties agreed to bifurcation of the counterclaim.

Issues

20 Briefly, the issues to be determined in this case are as follows:

(a) Whether Chan’s appointment and the award to Crystallite should be set
aside;

(b) Which party is in breach of the Settlement Agreement and what amount of
damages is due to that party;

(c) Whether the Plaintiff and Chan had conspired to injure or cause loss to
the Defendants; and

(d) Whether the Defendants are entitled to their respective counterclaims
against the Plaintiff.

The witnesses

21 It is useful at the outset to introduce the witnesses and set out a few
observations on the reliability of their oral testimonies.

22 There were five witnesses for the Plaintiff, comprising: (1) the Plaintiff;
(2) the Plaintiff’s wife, Madam Kok Lai Mooi (“Madam Kok”); the Plaintiff’s
two adult stepsons, (3) Dallan Cheah (“Dallan”) and (4) Dallon Cheah
(“Dallon”); and (5) Chan. At all material times, Madam Kok, Dallan, and Dallon
lived in the Property with the Plaintiff, although Dallan and Dallon
frequently travelled overseas.

23 The Plaintiff was generally unreliable as a witness and his testimony was
not very useful. He frequently testified that he was ignorant of matters since
he had left it to Madam Kok and his stepsons to deal with Koh and the A&A
Works.[note: 27] Nevertheless, since the rest of the evidence was consistent
with the Plaintiff’s testimony that he had little personal involvement in
matters relating to the A&A Works or the Settlement Agreement, I found no need
to draw any adverse inference (as submitted by the Defendants) against the
Plaintiff as a witness.

24 I found Madam Kok, Dallan, and Dallon to be generally forthright and
credible witnesses. The testimonies of Madam Kok and Dallan were particularly
relevant as they seemed to be the ones who were the most acquainted with Koh,
Chan, and the works to be done on the Property. I noted however that Madam Kok
occasionally had some difficulty recalling certain events that had taken
place, for example in relation to what she had told or shown Chan during his
site visits to the Property.

25 As for Chan, while I did not doubt his general honesty as a witness, his
testimony should be treated with circumspection since he appeared to be rather
confused and forgetful at times. For example, Chan gave several different
explanations of how he had arrived at his professional fees of $88,000 but
also candidly admitted that his explanations were not consistent with his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”).[note: 28]

26 There were six witnesses for the Defendants: (1) Koh; (2) Mr Abishek Murthy
(“Murthy”), the Defendants’ expert witness; (3) Mr Wee Yong Ping (“Wee”), a
project manager of Winning Flag; (4) Ms Sim Mui Ling (“Mui Ling”), a director
of the Second Defendant; (5) Low, the Defendants’ former solicitor; and (6)
Chia, a partner and director of the First Defendant.

27 Koh was the key witness for the Defendants and was generally forthright in
his testimony. For instance, Koh admitted that the Second Defendant was
related to and managed by him.[note: 29] He also readily admitted that the A&A
Works had been defective and not up to standard.[note: 30] However, certain
parts of his testimony were of doubtful credibility, in particular his
testimony relating to his suspicions about Chan’s partiality toward the
Plaintiff at various junctures, which was not consistent with his surprisingly
passive stance throughout the process.

28 Murthy, the Defendants’ expert witness, was a professional engineer. He
rendered an expert report on a number of matters relevant to the present
dispute, including whether the quantification of the Rectification Works in
the final tenders submitted by the tenderers took into account works which
exceeded the scope of the rectification works covered by the Consultants’
Reports and/or reflected the most efficient manner of rectification.

Whether Chan’s appointment and the award to Crystallite should be set aside

29 The first issue is whether Chan’s appointment under the Settlement
Agreement and/or the award to Crystallite should be set aside.

30 Parties rightly agreed that Chan’s appointment as the professional engineer
under the Settlement Agreement was a form of expert determination.[note: 31]
Expert determination as a mode of dispute resolution was explained by Chan
Seng Onn J in _The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re Pte
Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 385 (“ _Oriental Insurance_ ”) at [25] as follows:

(d) Expert determination – parties appoint their own expert to consider the
disputed issues and make a binding decision, without necessarily having to
conduct a full enquiry following the usual adjudicatory rules, _eg_ , rules of
court in litigation, formal arbitration rules and general rules of natural
justice. The role of the expert is to undertake an investigation of the facts
and to determine a dispute using his own expertise. His power and jurisdiction
is derived solely from the terms of the contract.

31 In this case, it was clearly envisaged by the parties in the Settlement
Agreement that a professional engineer would be appointed as an expert to
determine the scope and specifications of the Rectification Works as well as
award the tender for the Rectification Works. The question, however, is when
one is entitled to set aside the appointment of the expert or a decision of
the expert. It should be noted that the setting aside of an expert’s
appointment is a distinct issue from the setting aside of the expert’s
decision or determination.

Setting aside of Chan’s appointment as professional engineer

32 The foundation of expert determination is the law of contract. The starting
point for ascertaining the validity of an expert’s appointment is therefore
the contract itself. In this case, the Settlement Agreement provided for the
appointment of an expert as follows:

3.Both Parties shall endeavour to agree on the appointment of Lee Hon Leong as
Professional Engineer (the “**PE** ”) by 5pm on 13 March 2012.

4.Failing the agreement in paragraph 3 above, each party shall identify 3
Professional Engineers and submit their names to the Mediator by 14 March
2012, who shall thereafter appoint the PE from amongst the 6 named
Professional Engineers who are willing and able to act by 15 March 2012.

5.If none of the 6 named Professional Engineers are willing and able to act
then, despite the failure of the Parties to agree to the appointment of Mr.
Lee Hon Leong, Mr. Lee Hon Leong shall be appointed to act as the PE.

[emphasis in bold in original]

33 What happened in this case was that since Mr Lee Hon Leong was not
available to act, the Plaintiff and the Defendants nominated six professional
engineers.[note: 32] Out of these six names, the mediator, Mr Chow Kok Fong
(“the Mediator”), chose to appoint Chan.[note: 33]

34 I do not see any reason for setting aside Chan’s appointment in this case.
The Defendants did not contend that Chan’s appointment was not in accordance
with the provisions of the Settlement Agreement. Nor did the Defendants
contend that Chan was in a position of conflict of interest in that he had
prior dealings with any interested party, as was the issue in _HSBC
Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd (trustee of Starhill Global Real
Estate Investment Trust) v Toshin Development Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2012] 4 SLR
738 (“ _HSBC v Toshin_ ”). Rather, the Defendants’ case was that Chan’s
appointment should be set aside solely because he acted in a biased manner and
chose to align his interests with those of the Plaintiff.[note: 34] To my
mind, these concerns do not relate to the circumstances of Chan’s appointment.
They are more relevant to the issue of whether Chan acted properly in making
his determinations under the Settlement Agreement.

Setting aside of Chan’s award to Crystallite

35 I then consider the question of whether the Defendants are entitled to an
order that Chan’s award of the contract for the Rectification Works to
Crystallite should be set aside on the grounds that: (1) Chan acted in bad
faith or in a fraudulent or biased manner; or (2) Chan had materially departed
from the scope of his instructions as set out in the Settlement
Agreement.[note: 35]

36 As a general rule, the only grounds for challenge of an expert’s
determination are as follows:

(a) material departure from instructions;

(b) manifest error; or

(c) fraud, collusion, partiality and the like.

See _Oriental Insurance_ ([30] _supra_) at [47].

37 It can thus be seen that the grounds for challenge of an expert’s
determination are narrow and the court will not interfere with the expert’s
decision save in situations where intervention is necessary to uphold the
parties’ contractual bargain. As stated by V K Rajah J (as he then was) in
_Evergreat Construction Co Pte Ltd v Presscrete Engineering Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1
SLR(R) 634 (“ _Evergreat_ ”) at [34]:

… An expert’s decision can be set aside on the basis of fraud or partiality.
Beyond that it is probably correct to say that only a breach of an expert’s
terms of appointment would suffice to set aside his decision. Errors of fact
or law will not vitiate an award if the expert acts within his contractual
mandate. …

Material departure from instructions

38 I will start by considering the latter of the two bases relied upon by the
Defendants to set aside Chan’s award of the contract to Crystallite. On what
constitutes a material departure from instructions, the following passage by
Dillon LJ in _Jones v Sherwood Computer Services plc_ [1992] 1 WLR 277 at 287
(cited with approval in _Oriental Insurance_ at [48] and _Evergreat_ at [40])
bears repeating:

On principle, the first step must be to see what the parties have agreed to
remit to the expert, this being, as Lord Denning M.R. said in _Campbell v.
Edwards_ [1976] 1W.L.R 403, 407G, a matter of contract. The next step must be
to see what the nature of the mistake was, if there is evidence to show that.
**If the mistake made was that the expert departed from his instructions in a
material respect** — e.g. if he valued the wrong number of shares, or valued
shares in the wrong company, or if, as in _Jones (M.) v. Jones (R.R)_ [1971]
1W.L.R 840, the expert had valued machinery himself whereas his instructions
were to employ an expert valuer of his choice to do that — either party would
be able to say that the certificate was not binding because the expert had not
done what he was appointed to do. [emphasis added in bold]

39 The first step is thus to ask: what did the parties agree to remit to Chan
under the Settlement Agreement? Clauses 6 to 10 of the Settlement Agreement
set out the duties of the professional engineer (“PE”) as follows:[note: 36]

6.The PE shall conduct a joint site visit by 16 March 2012 and by 19 March
2012 set out the scope and specifications of the rectification works based on
the 2 reports, namely the reports of Lee Consultants and Building Appraisal
Pte Ltd, on the basis of the most efficient manner to rectify the defects so
as to ensure that the works comply with the required statutory regulations and
are of a standard commensurate with the price paid by the Claimants for the
original works (the “**Rectification Works** ”).

7.The scope and specifications of works prepared by the PE will be reviewed by
both Parties within 3 days of the presentation of the same to the Parties.

8.Any disagreement on the PE’s scope and specification for the Rectification
Works shall be referred back to Mr. Chow Kok Fong for an evaluation which
shall be binding on the Parties.

9.The PE shall take into account the feedback of both Parties [_ie_ , the
Plaintiff and the Defendants] together with Mr. Chow Kok Fong’s binding
evaluation and produce a final set of specifications, drawings and all other
contract documents necessary to call for a tender for the Rectification Works.
The PE shall then proceed to call for tenders from at least 3 contractors.

10.The PE will evaluate the tenders and award the contract on the basis of the
most reasonable quote received, taking into account all the circumstances and
not just price alone.

[emphasis in bold in original]

40 The excerpt above shows that the parties agreed to remit three major
decisions to Chan as the professional engineer under the Settlement Agreement:

(a) Determination of the scope and specifications of the Rectification Works.
This was to be done based on the Consultants’ Reports and on the basis of the
most efficient manner to rectify the defects so as to ensure that the works
complied with the required statutory regulations and were of a standard
commensurate with the price paid by the Plaintiff for the A&A Works.

(b) Calling for tenders for the Rectification Works from at least 3
contractors.

(c) Evaluation and award of the contract for the Rectification Works. This was
to be done on the basis of the most reasonable quote received, considering all
the circumstances and not just price alone.

41 Chan was informed of his duties and the scope of his work through a letter
from the Plaintiff’s solicitors dated 16 March 2012 which was copied to the
Defendants’ solicitors.[note: 37] The scope of his work described in that
letter was not the same as that stated in the Settlement Agreement. This,
however, is immaterial because Chan confirmed that he was eventually furnished
with a copy of the Settlement Agreement after the 28 March 2012 Meeting with
between himself, Chia and Koh (see [10] _supra_) and before his site visits to
the Property on 3 and 4 April 2012[note: 38] and neither party contended that
Chan was not bound to comply with the relevant provisions of the Settlement
Agreement pertaining to his work.

42 Having established the instructions that were given to Chan under the
Settlement Agreement, the second step is to inquire into the nature of the
mistake. If the mistake made constitutes a material departure from
instructions, then the expert’s decision is not binding. As to the test of
materiality, any departure from instructions must generally be regarded as
material unless it can truly be characterised as trivial or _de minimis_ in
the sense of it being obvious that it could make no possible difference to
either party; moreover, once a material departure from instructions is
established, the court is not concerned with its effect on the result: _Veba
Oil Supply & Trading GmbH v Petrotrade Inc_ [2002] 1 All ER 703 at [26], cited
with approval in _Oriental Insurance_ at [57]. Put another way, a departure
from instructions must be considered material unless the departure can be
characterised as trivial or _de minimis_ when analysed with respect to the
instructions and that end result, even if shown not to be significantly
different, must still be set aside as it is a nullity and not binding:
_Oriental Insurance_ at [84].

43 A distinction should be drawn between mistakes made by the expert and a
departure from instructions. In _Nikko Hotels (UK) Ltd v MEPC plc_ [1991] 2
EGLR 103 (“ _Nikko Hotels_ ”), Knox J expressed this distinction using the
analogy of answering the right or wrong question (at 108):

The result, in my judgment, is that if parties agree to refer to the final and
conclusive judgment of an expert an issue which either consists of a question
of construction or necessarily involves the solution of a question of
construction, the expert’s decision will be final and conclusive and,
therefore, not open to review or treatment by the courts as a nullity on the
ground that the expert’s decision on construction was erroneous in law, unless
it can be shown that the expert has not performed the task assigned to him.
**If he has answered the right question in the wrong way, his decision will be
binding. If he has answered the wrong question, his decision will be a
nullity.** [emphasis added in bold]

44 _Nikko Hotels_ was applied shortly thereafter by Paul Baker QC in _Pontsarn
Investments Ltd v Kansallis-Osake-Pankki_ [1992] 1 EGLR 148, where he stated
at 151:

… The fact that he may be patently wrong does not mean that he has not done
what he was appointed to do nor that he has asked himself the wrong question.
To take any other view would lead to the sort of refined arguments such as
have been deployed here and go a long way to emasculate the requirement that
the decision of the expert, as a matter of contract between the parties, be
final and binding. Thus, the advantages of cost, speed and finality would be
seriously diminished.

Therefore, where the expert has not departed from his instructions and has
asked the right questions, his decision cannot be challenged on the ground
that he made a mistake, even if he subsequently admitted the mistake.

45 I come now to the facts of the present case. The Defendants alleged that
Chan materially departed from his instructions in the following ways:

(a) Chan did not base the scope and specifications of the Rectification Works
solely on the Consultants’ Reports.[note: 39]

(b) Chan expanded the scope and specifications of the Rectification Works
after the Tender Document was finalised.[note: 40]

(c) Chan did not ensure that the defects would be rectified according to the
most efficient manner.[note: 41]

(d) Chan failed to ensure that the standard of the Rectification Works was
commensurate with the price paid by the Plaintiff for the original A&A
Works.[note: 42]

46 The first point to consider is whether Chan was entitled to go beyond the
scope of the Consultants’ Reports in preparing the scope and specifications of
the Rectification Works. The Plaintiff’s position was that Chan was entitled
to do so as clause 6 of the Settlement Agreement (see [39] _supra_) did not
contain the terms “solely” or “only” and such terms should not be implied into
the Settlement Agreement.[note: 43] The Defendants however contended that as a
matter of contractual interpretation (as opposed to the implication of terms),
the parties’ objective intention was that clause 6 of the Settlement Agreement
should be read as including the terms “solely” or “only”.[note: 44]

47 The Defendants’ main argument was that its interpretation of clause 6 of
the Settlement Agreement was supported by the background facts leading up to
the conclusion of the Settlement Agreement, namely that the Plaintiff’s claims
at the mediation on 12 March 2012 were based solely on the findings in the
Consultants’ Reports.[note: 45] The Defendants cited the following passage
from _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“ _Zurich Insurance_ ”) at [132]:

The extrinsic evidence in question is admissible so long as it is relevant,
reasonably available to all the contracting parties and relates to a clear or
obvious context … However, the principle of objectively ascertaining
contractual intention(s) remains paramount. Thus, the extrinsic evidence must
always go towards proof of what the parties, from an objective viewpoint,
ultimately agreed upon. …

48 The Plaintiff however pointed out that _Zurich Insurance_ also cautioned
that extrinsic evidence should only be employed to illuminate the contractual
language and not as a pretext to contradict, vary, add to, or subtract from
the terms of a written contract, the applicable test being whether the
alternative interpretation falls within the scope of meaning that the
contractual words could bear (see _Zurich Insurance_ at [122]–[123], [132]).
The Plaintiff thus submitted that to ask the court to read the words “only” or
“solely” into clause 6 would be to effectively re-write the Settlement
Agreement and it was impermissible to rely on extrinsic evidence for such
purposes.[note: 46]

49 The dispute here is primarily over the proper interpretation of the
instructions given to the professional engineer in the Settlement Agreement.
As such, there is a preliminary issue as to whether the court (instead of the
expert) has jurisdiction to decide such questions of interpretation: see, _eg_
, _Norwich Union Life Assurance Society v P &O Property Holdings Ltd_ [1993] 1
EGLR 164; _Mercury Communications Ltd v Director General of Telecommunications
and another_ [1996] 1 WLR 48\. While this issue was not raised by the parties,
I consider this to be the applicable position in the present case in the
absence of any indication that the parties intended to remit such questions to
the professional engineer. In any case, the parties appeared to have proceeded
on the basis that questions of interpretation should be decided by the court.

50 In my judgment, Chan’s instructions under the Settlement Agreement did not
restrict him to the scope of the Consultants’ Reports in preparing the scope
and specifications of the Rectification Works. The plain language of the
clause 6 of the Settlement Agreement merely provided that Chan was to “set out
the scope and specifications of the rectification works based on” the
Consultants’ Reports. Looking at the Settlement Agreement in its entirety, it
appears that the parties intended to give the professional engineer a measure
of discretion in preparing the scope of the Rectification Works. For example,
as pointed out by the Plaintiff, clauses 7 and 8 of the Settlement Agreement
provided that parties could review the scope and specifications prepared by
the professional engineer and any disagreement would be referred back to the
Mediator for a binding evaluation.[note: 47]

51 In fairness to the Defendants, there is some merit in the point that the
Settlement Agreement was concluded in the context of the Plaintiff’s letter of
demand dated 8 February 2012 and the Plaintiff’s summary of claim provided for
the purposes of the mediation on 12 March 2012, both of which were based
solely on the findings in the Consultants’ Reports.[note: 48] While the
Consultants’ Reports were obviously intended to be the main reference point
for the professional engineer in determining the scope of the Rectification
Works, I nevertheless find that clause 6 of the Settlement Agreement cannot be
given the restrictive interpretation that was suggested by the Defendants,
given the nature of the professional engineer’s role in the Settlement
Agreement. Koh himself conceded in cross-examination that in certain
circumstances, the professional engineer might be justified in going beyond
what was specified in the Consultants’ Reports:[note: 49]

Witness |  …Technical works are very different from, er, legal works. Earlier question, “solely” and “only”, **actually, technical work, certain time, there is reason to give ourself---to involve slightly more than what they specify.** It’s perfectly correct. I think nobody should say it is not correct. Even though I’m a witness here, this may be prejudiced against me, I’m telling you the truth. [emphasis added in bold]  
---|---  
  
  

In a similar vein, Low, the Defendants’ former solicitor, stated his
understanding of the professional engineer’s role under the Settlement
Agreement as follows:[note: 50]

AYour Honour, my recollection of the drafting of the settlement agreement was
just---it became clear, after meeting both sides, to Mr Chow that it was not
going to be possible to come to a settlement with a final figure. … And along
the line, er, there was a suggestion that, “Let’s leave it to an independent
party to assess the works based on the two reports that have been submitted.
And which form the basis of the claim and the mediation”. So that proposal was
agreed to in principle. … **[I]t was clear in my mind that the whole basis of
the settlement was to use those two reports, give it to a PE and see what he
comes up with**. … [emphasis added in bold]

52 Following from the discussion above, I am of the opinion that Chan did not
materially depart from his instructions by including in the scope and
specifications for the Rectification Works other works which were not stated
in the Consultants’ Reports.

53 Similarly, I am not satisfied that Chan materially departed from his
instructions by expanding the scope and specifications of the Rectification
Works after the Tender Document was finalised. The Defendants submitted that
Chan did so through the issuance of the Tender Questionnaire to the tenderers
and that this was impermissible under the Settlement Agreement which did not
envisage changes being made to the scope and specifications of the
Rectification Works once the Tender Document was finalised.[note: 51] The
Plaintiff, on the other hand, submitted that the Tender Questionnaire was part
of the tender exercise that Chan was engaged to conduct and was merely
intended to clarify the scope of works covered by the tenderers.[note: 52]
While it is true that the Settlement Agreement did not expressly allow for
changes to be made to the Tender Document once it was finalised, it also gave
the professional engineer a measure of discretion and autonomy in preparing
the relevant documents and conducting the tender process. In this context it
cannot be said that Chan, by issuing the Tender Questionnaire in the course of
the tender process, had not done what he was appointed to do.

54 As regards the Defendants’ last two points that Chan failed to ensure that
the defects would be rectified according to the most efficient manner and that
the standard of the Rectification Works was commensurate with the price paid
by the Plaintiff for the original A&A Works, these arguments were essentially
based on the expert opinion of Murthy, the Defendants’ expert witness, that
Chan’s method of rectification and scope of works in the Tender Document was
neither the most efficient nor of a standard commensurate with the price of
the A&A Works. The Defendants were essentially saying that Chan had answered
the right question in the wrong way and not that he had answered the wrong
question. According to the authorities cited above, while this may constitute
an error on the part of the expert, it does not constitute a departure from
instructions.

55 I should add that these conclusions do not, however, detract from the
established principle that Chan, as a professional and as an expert, owes
duties of reasonable skill and care to both parties and will be liable in
damages should he be negligent in carrying out his duties: see _Campbell v
Edwards_ [1976] 1 WLR 403 (“ _Campbell v Edwards_ ”) at 407. This is the
safeguard which the law gives to parties when they appoint an expert: _Holland
House Property Investments Limited v Crabbe_ [2008] CSIH 40 at [6]. But this
is a separate issue from that of setting aside his expert determination.

Fraud, collusion, and partiality

56 I turn then to the other basis on which the Defendants challenged Chan’s
award, namely that he acted in bad faith or in a fraudulent or biased manner.
Many authorities have made general statements to the effect that an expert’s
determination will not be binding in the event of fraud, collusion,
partiality, and so on. A classic example is Lord Denning MR’s speech in
_Campbell v Edwards_ (see [55] _supra_) at 407: “If there were fraud or
collusion, of course, it would be very different. Fraud or collusion unravels
everything.” In _Baber v Kenwood Manufacturing Co Ltd and Whinney Murray & Co_
[1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 175, Lawton J said at 181: “What is not acceptable is the
risk of the expert being dishonest or corrupt.” These last two statements were
reviewed in _Evergreat_ , where Rajah J opined at [29] that: “In the absence
of fraud or any corrupt colouring of the [expert’s] determination, there is
neither liberty nor latitude to interfere with or rewrite the parties’ solemn
and considered contractual bargain”. Perhaps the most comprehensive
description of this category of vitiating factors was given in _Oriental
Insurance_ where Chan J referred at [47] to: “fraud, corruption, collusion,
dishonesty, bad faith, bias or the like”.

57 In this case, the parties were in agreement that Chan had the duty to act
as an independent and impartial expert under the Settlement Agreement.[note:
53] The Defendants however submitted that the Plaintiff had influenced or
interfered with Chan’s work under the Settlement Agreement and/or that Chan
was biased and partial towards the Plaintiff throughout the tender process,
such that Chan and the Plaintiff were colluding to obtain the best possible
outcome for the Plaintiff to the Defendants’ detriment.[note: 54] The
Defendants highlighted the following factors:[note: 55]

(a) Chan had inflated his fees;

(b) Chan considered the Plaintiff to be his client and saw himself as the
Plaintiff’s professional engineer;

(c) Chan was of the opinion that the Rectification Works had to be carried out
to the Plaintiff’s satisfaction;

(d) Chan had increased the scope of the Rectification Works on the instruction
of the Plaintiff and/or his representatives;

(e) Chan advocated the Plaintiff’s interpretation of the Settlement Agreement
although he had no part in drafting it;

(f) Chan chastised the Defendants for not voicing out their objections to the
scope and specifications of the Tender Document;

(g) Chan unfairly disfavoured Winning Flag and Builders Alliance just because
they were the tenderers nominated by the Defendants.

58 Since one of the grounds of challenge raised by the Defendants is that of
bias and partiality, I should say a few words about the applicable test for
partiality in the context of an expert determination. In England, the test is
one of actual bias and not apparent bias: see _Macro and others v Thompson and
others (No. 3)_ [1997] 2 BCLC 36 (“ _Macro v Thompson_ ”) at 65; _Bernhard
Schulte GmbH & Co KG v Nile Holdings Ltd_ [2004] EWHC 977 (Comm) at [98]; John
Kendall, Clive Freedman & James Farrell, _Expert Determination_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2008) (“ _Expert Determination_ ”) at para 14.11.4. The
rationale for this rule was articulated by Robert Walker J in _Macro v
Thompson_ at 65 as follows:

… [W]hen the court is considering a decision reached by an expert valuer who
is not an arbitrator performing a quasi-judicial function, **it is actual
partiality, rather than the appearance of partiality that is the crucial
test.** Otherwise auditors (like architects and actuaries) who have a long
standing professional relationship with one party (or persons associated with
one party) to a contract might be unduly inhibited in continuing to discharge
their professional duty to their client, by too high an insistence on avoiding
even an impression of partiality. … [emphasis added in bold]

59 In Singapore, however, it appears that this point is not yet settled. In
_HSBC v Toshin_ (see [34] _supra_), which concerned allegations of bias
against licensed valuers appointed pursuant to the lease agreement between the
landlord appellant and the tenant respondent, the respondent argued before the
Court of Appeal that at law, actual bias (and not apparent bias) was required
to challenge an expert’s appointment (at [28]). The Court of Appeal did not
express a final view on this question as it decided that the issue of bias
(whether actual or apparent) did not even arise in that case (_HSBC v Toshin_
at [58]). It is similarly not necessary for me to decide this question since
the parties did not raise it and in any event, the Defendants seemed to have
proceeded on the basis of actual bias rather than apparent bias. This issue
therefore remains to be decided in a future case with the benefit of
submissions from counsel.

60 I now come to the Defendants’ allegations of bias and collusion against
Chan. Dealing first with the alleged inflation of Chan’s fees, the Defendants’
position was essentially that Chan’s fees had been controlled by the
Plaintiff. It was suggested that Chan seemed to have no idea as to how his
fees were computed and that he had given a quote for his fees at $88,000 even
before he had reviewed the Consultants’ Reports or inspected the
Property.[note: 56] More significantly, the Defendants alleged that at the 28
March 2012 Meeting between Koh, Chia and Chan (see [10] _supra_), Chan had
admitted or agreed that: (1) he did not quote a fee of $88,000; (2) he had no
control over his fees; (3) his fees were usually only between $15,000 and
$18,000; and (4) the Plaintiff was out to “destroy” Koh.[note: 57]

61 Having considered the evidence before me, I was not persuaded that Chan’s
fees had been controlled by the Plaintiff. The Defendant’s version of what
transpired at the 28 March 2012 Meeting was supported by purely oral accounts
from Koh and Chia which, on a closer examination, did not unequivocally point
to the Plaintiff being in control of Chan’s fees. For instance, both Koh and
Chia stated that Chan did not say who had control over his fees.[note: 58]
Chia also clarified that Chan did not specifically say that the Plaintiff told
Chan that he was out to destroy Koh.[note: 59] I have also taken into account
the fact that Koh’s credibility as a witness was uneven (see [27] _supra_). As
for Chia, his recollection of events has to be treated with some
circumspection. He appeared to be unable to recall anything about the meeting
other than the conversation he recounted in his affidavit[note: 60] (which
would have taken only a few minutes) even though this meeting, according to
him, lasted 45 minutes[note: 61]. Further, Koh and Chia’s accounts were
disputed by Chan, who denied that he had told Koh and Chia that the figure of
$88,000 was not his or that the Plaintiff was out to destroy Koh; Chan also
said that there had been no mention during the meeting of his usual fees being
between $15,000 and $18,000.[note: 62] As for the basis of Chan’s fees, Chan
did admit that his fees of $88,000 were not based on the Consultants’ Reports
since he had only received them _after_ he first gave his quote to the
Plaintiff’s solicitors.[note: 63] As highlighted by the Defendants, Chan also
seemed unsure as to the breakdown of his fees.[note: 64] However, this is not
sufficient to prove that the Plaintiff or his agents had manipulated Chan in
the setting of his fees. The burden of proof that this had taken place lay
with the Defendants and, in my judgment, they have not discharged it.

62 The Defendants’ point that Chan considered the Plaintiff to be his client
and saw himself as the Plaintiff’s professional engineer is not, in and of
itself, sufficient proof of bias on his part. Chan’s role as the professional
engineer under the Settlement Agreement is similar to that of a certifier
under a construction contract whereby a contractor’s entitlement to be paid is
predicated on the issuance of a certificate by the certifier. It is settled
that the fact that a certifier under a construction contract is appointed by
the employer is an unavoidable potential incidence of the contractual
relationship and does not disqualify him from making a decision under the
contract: _Expert Determination_ at para 14.11.2.

63 The case of _Amec Civil Engineering Ltd v Secretary of State for Transport_
[2005] 1 WLR 2339 (“ _Amec_ ”) provides a good illustration of this. _Amec_
concerned a dispute resolution clause in a construction contract which
provided that any dispute or difference was to be referred to and settled by
the engineer whose decision was to be final and binding subject to arbitration
proceedings being brought within a certain time. One of the issues before the
court was whether the engineer’s decision under the contract was vitiated for
procedural unfairness because a parallel claim was also being brought by the
respondent against the engineer in respect of the subject matter of his
decision. The majority of the Court of Appeal held that in the circumstances,
the engineer had considered the matter properly and sufficiently; the fact
that an equivalent claim was brought against the engineer did not disqualify
the engineer from giving a valid decision under the dispute resolution clause
since such a conflict of interest was an unavoidable potential incidence of
the contractual relationship between the parties: _Amec_ at [52].

64 It has been observed that a certifier or professional consultant in a
construction contract is often called upon to perform two different types of
duties: (1) in issuing certificates which determine the contractor’s
entitlement to be paid or deciding controversial matters such as valuation, he
must act fairly and exercise his own judgment objectively; (2) in other
matters, he is the agent of the owner and must look after the interests of the
owner in the project: see Chow Kok Fong, _Law and Practice of Construction
Contracts Vol 1_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 4th Ed, 2012) at para 8.42; _Hudson’s
Building and Engineering Contracts_ (Nicholas Dennys QC _et al_ eds) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2010) at para 4–037.

65 The dual function of an architect in a building contract was noted by Lord
Reid in _Sutcliffe v Thackrah_ [1974] AC 727 (“ _Sutcliffe_ ”) at 737:

… It has often been said, I think rightly, that the architect has two
different types of function to perform. **In many matters he is bound to act
on his client’s instructions, whether he agrees with them or not; but in many
other matters requiring professional skill he must form and act on his own
opinion.**

Many matters may arise in the course of the execution of a building contract
where a decision has to be made which will affect the amount of money which
the contractor gets. Under the R.I.B.A. contract many such decisions have to
be made by the architect and the parties agree to accept his decisions. For
example, he decides whether the contractor should be reimbursed for loss under
clause 11 (variation), clause 24 (disturbance) or clause 34 (antiquities);
whether he should be allowed extra time (clause 23); or when work ought
reasonably to have been completed (clause 22). And, perhaps most important, he
has to decide whether work is defective. These decisions will be reflected in
the amounts contained in certificates issued by the architect.

**The building owner and the contractor make their contract on the
understanding that in all such matters the architect will act in a fair and
unbiased manner** and it must therefore be implicit in the owner’s contract
with the architect that he shall not only exercise due care and skill but also
**reach such decisions fairly, holding the balance between his client and the
contractor.**

[emphasis added in bold]

66 In _Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd v Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2001] 1
SLR(R) 458, the Court of Appeal cited _Sutcliffe_ with approval, making the
following observations (at [15]–[16]):

15 It is settled law that an architect under a building contract is not an
arbitrator. But he has a dual function. In the words of Lord Reid in
_Sutcliffe v Thackrah_ [1974] AC 727 at 737; [1974] 1 All ER 859 at 863:

In many matters he is bound to act on his client’s instructions, whether he
agrees with them or not; but in many other matters requiring professional
skill, he must form and act on his own opinion.

16 It is equally settled law that an owner and a contractor would have made
their contract on the understanding that in all matters where the architect
has to apply his professional skill and judgment, the architect will act in a
fair and unbiased manner in applying the terms of the contract. Such matters
will include the issue of certificates for payments and the grant of extension
of time. While an architect under such a contract is the employer’s agent, in
the exercise of his functions requiring skill and judgment, he must act fairly
and professionally and neither party should seek to unfairly or unduly
influence him in the discharge of those functions.

67 I regard the above authorities to be applicable to the present case. Chan
cannot be regarded as independent because he is employed by the Plaintiff.
Chan’s general function was to act on behalf of the Plaintiff, for example in
supervising the Rectification Works and liaising with the relevant authorities
to regularise all drawings, submissions and construction works on site.[note:
65] (While these functions were set out in the letter from the Plaintiff’s
solicitors dated 16 March 2012 and not the Settlement Agreement itself, I note
that the Settlement Agreement did not prohibit Chan from undertaking such
responsibilities and in any event, the letter from the Plaintiff’s solicitors
dated 16 March 2012 was copied to the Defendants’ solicitors at that time and
no objections to it were ever raised by the Defendants.[note: 66]) However, in
those parts of Chan’s duties which allocated decision-making functions to him,
he was required to act professionally, honestly and impartially in discharging
those functions as opposed to favouring the interests of the Plaintiff: see
_Scheldebouw BV v St. James Homes (Grosvenor Dock) Ltd_ [2006] EWHC 89 (TCC)
at [34]–[35].

68 Chan’s decision-making functions under the Settlement Agreement included
setting out the scope and specifications of the Rectification Works,
conducting a tender for the Rectification Works and evaluating and awarding
the tender. The parties must have intended that Chan was to discharge these
functions in a fair and unbiased manner, without preferring the interests of
either the Plaintiff or the Defendants. Indeed, the entire purpose of Chan’s
appointment under the Settlement Agreement was to provide a fair and neutral
way of rectifying the defective A&A Works.

69 The real question is therefore whether Chan acted impartially in drawing up
the scope and specifications of the Rectification Works and in his conduct of
the tender process, or whether he favoured the interest of the Plaintiff in
doing so.

70 On the evidence before me, I consider that Chan did favour the interest of
the Plaintiff in carrying out his duties under the Settlement Agreement and
accordingly failed to act impartially in that regard. I agree with the
Defendants that this was evident from the fact that: (1) Chan was of the
mentality that the Rectification Works had to be carried out to the
Plaintiff’s satisfaction; and (2) Chan had increased the scope of the
Rectification Works on the request of the Plaintiff and/or his
representatives.

71 In my judgment, Chan acted in the way he did due to the mistaken view that
he was to act as the Plaintiff’s agent in setting out the scope and
specifications of the Rectification Works and in conducting the tender for the
Rectification Works.

72 That Chan had misdirected himself is evident from his understanding that
the Rectification Works had to be carried in a manner which, in effect, only
took into account the interests of the Plaintiff and did not take into account
the Defendants’ interests. In his AEIC, Chan repeatedly stated that as the
professional engineer, he had to ensure that the Rectification Works were
carried out “to the satisfaction of the Plaintiff”.[note: 67] Chan further
explained in his AEIC that it was with this understanding that he had prepared
the Tender Document “which provided a comprehensive list of rectification
works that [he] deemed were necessary”.[note: 68] Chan also explained that the
Tender Questionnaire which reminded the contractors that their quotes should
include the cost of full reinstatement in the event that the replacement works
could not match the existing finishes was acceptable because it was the
professional engineer’s responsibility to “ensure that the Plaintiff is
satisfied with the end product”.[note: 69] Chan subsequently in cross-
examination retracted his statements somewhat by saying that only some items
had to be rectified to the Plaintiff’s satisfaction while most of the other
works had to be rectified to his own satisfaction.[note: 70] Nevertheless, it
was clear from his testimony that he had confused his general function as the
Plaintiff’s professional engineer with his special function under the
Settlement Agreement to act impartially and fairly in determining the scope of
the Rectification Works and awarding the contract on the basis of the most
reasonable quote received.

73 Chan’s mistaken view of his role under the Settlement Agreement was also
evident from the way that he allowed additional works to be included in the
Rectification Works to be paid for by the Defendants on the instruction of the
Plaintiff and/or his representatives. One example of this relates to an abrupt
drop in the floor level at the entrance to the karaoke room on the third floor
of the Property. Chan’s finalised Tender Document required the contractor to
“cut-down 50mm drop at entrance to [the karaoke room]” and Chan testified that
he had envisaged that this would involve creating a ramp at the
entrance.[note: 71] However, he did nothing when, during the Second Site Show-
around, Madam Kok asked the contractors to adopt what was a significantly
costlier remedy of removing the entire raised platform of the room.[note: 72]
On the stand, he accepted that these were additional rectification works that
had to be paid for separately by the Plaintiff but when he was questioned as
to how he envisaged this would be done, he gave an unconvincing explanation
that he would issue a variation order to remove this item and reduce the
awarded contract sum subsequently.[note: 73] This explanation was probably an
afterthought given the complete absence of any contemporaneous supporting
documents and the fact that this intended course of action was never referred
to in either his lengthy AEIC or the affidavits of any other witnesses.

74 The last point of note relates to the Defendants’ submissions that Chan
unfairly disfavoured Winning Flag and Builders Alliance simply because they
were the tenderers nominated by the Defendants. It was not disputed that
Winning Flag and Builders Alliance were the Defendants’ nominated contractors.
Chan’s evidence was that he had found their quotations too low to carry out
the job properly and that, after a telephone conversation with Koh, he had
realised that Koh was behind their tenders since he had recommended them as
contractors.[note: 74] Chan took this as a factor against their bids for the
following reason:[note: 75]

ASo the---the purpose of that is---is, he---he want to submit a---a low tender
so---because the money come out his pocket. So it will---he would probably do
it as cheap as possible again.

75 In my judgment, if Chan’s testimony is correct, he cannot be faulted for
taking into account the fact that Winning Flag and Builders Alliance were
contractors nominated by Koh as a factor against them, especially since Koh
was clearly an interested party insofar as he was the one responsible for
paying for the Rectification Works. Nevertheless, while Chan may be have been
rightly suspicious of the competence and reliability of Winning Flag and
Builders Alliance, his evaluation of the tenderers did not seem to have taken
into account the interests of the Defendants at all but were based on the
Plaintiff’s interests as the building owner. In fact, under cross-examination,
Chan admitted that his first evaluation report dated 8 June 2012 which
evaluated the tenders received from the first tender exercise was not
objective[note: 76] and contained criticisms of Winning Flag and Builders
Alliance that were not fair[note: 77].

76 In re-examination, Chan attempted to explain that he had not in fact
understood the meaning of “not objective” and that he had only agreed with
counsel for the Defendants, Mr Derek Kang (“Mr Kang”), that he was not
objective because “I’m a bit confused”.[note: 78] However, I found his claim
of ignorance incredible. First, from what I observed to be his command of the
English language in the witness box, it was highly unlikely that he did not
understand the meaning of “not objective”. Second, he had in fact answered
other questions in the course of his oral testimony confirming his duty to be
“objective” in preparing the Tender Document[note: 79] and in assessing the
tenders[note: 80]. Third, at yet another point in his testimony, he had
contrasted the objectivity with which he evaluated the second round of tenders
with the lack of thereof in the first round:[note: 81]

QWould you agree with me that because of the way you had evaluated Winning
Flag for the second tender, you were also not fully objective for the second
tender?

AI disagree.

QI put it to you that you were not fully objective for the two tenders and you
were unfair to some of the contractors for the two tenders because you had
allowed yourself to be influenced by the plaintiff or his representatives.

AI disagree.

QAre you able today to give us the explanation that you were not able to give
us on Friday as to why, by your own admission, you had not been objective for
the first tender? If you maintain your position, you can tell us. But you
can’t explain, you can tell us.

AI was not objective in the---on the first---first relation. In the second
one, I think, er, I’m very fair.

77 I was also not convinced by the somewhat strained distinction sought to be
made by counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Eric Chew (“Mr Chew”), in re-examination
(which Chan agreed with) that Chan had merely been “agreeing with Mr Kang’s
feeling that it’s not fair” and was “not saying that [Chan] had not been
fair”.[note: 82]

78 Therefore, having concluded that Chan failed to act impartially and fairly
as between the parties due to his own mistaken notion of his functions under
the Settlement Agreement, his award of the contract to Crystallite must be set
aside.

Breach of the Settlement Agreement

79 The question then is what effect the setting aside of Chan’s award to
Crystallite has on the Settlement Agreement.

80 The usual consequence of a successful challenge to an expert’s
determination is that it is a nullity and does not bind any of the parties:
_Oriental Insurance_ at [84]. Usually, the court will direct that the expert
come to a new decision in accordance with the instructions as clarified by the
court: _Expert Determination_ at para 14.18.3. For example, in _Oriental
Insurance_ , the expert was found to have materially departed from his
instructions such that it amounted to a manifest error. Chan J thus remitted
the determination to the expert for his re-consideration and provided the
expert with a detailed computation guide (_Oriental Insurance_ at
[223]–[225]). However, the courts have also substituted alternative machinery
for the contractual machinery in appropriate cases. For example, in _Macro v
Thompson_ (see [58] _supra_) the court considered that a revaluation by the
expert auditor would be inappropriate given his lack of expertise in the
relevant area and directed that new valuations be conducted.

81 In the present situation, the way forward is obstructed by the fact that
there are allegations on both sides that the other party is in repudiatory
breach of the Settlement Agreement. First, there is the Defendants’ argument
that they were entitled to terminate the Settlement Agreement because the
Plaintiff had breached an implied term in the Settlement Agreement not to
interfere with or influence the professional engineer in his course of work.
Second, there is the Plaintiff’s claim that the Defendants failed to comply
with the Settlement Agreement by refusing to pay for Chan’s fees and the costs
of the Rectification Works. Third, there is the Defendants’ argument that the
Plaintiff breached a fundamental term of the Settlement Agreement by filing a
complaint to the PEB on 16 August 2012 (see [14] _supra_).

Implied term not to interfere with the expert’s independence

82 It was not in dispute that there was an implied term in the Settlement
Agreement that the parties would not seek to interfere with the professional
engineer’s independence or influence the professional engineer in his course
of work.[note: 83] The dispute is over whether the Defendants have adduced
sufficient evidence of unlawful influence or interference by the Plaintiff in
Chan’s work.

83 In my judgment, there is insufficient evidence of such unlawful influence
or interference in this case. I have already found that there is no evidence
that the Plaintiff and/or his agents had controlled Chan’s professional fees
(see [61] _supra_). I have also found at [71] above that any bias or
partiality towards the Plaintiff on the part of Chan was because he had
misconstrued his role under the Settlement Agreement and not because the
Plaintiff had acted improperly.

84 The only evidence of any “interference” with Chan’s work was that Madam Kok
had brought Chan around the Property during his site visits on 3 and 4 April
2012 to point out some defects which were not contained in the Consultants’
Reports, and that she had made some requests for additional rectification
works to Chan and/or the potential contractors during the First and Second
Site Show-rounds.[note: 84] However, I do not regard the Settlement Agreement
as prohibiting any communication between the Plaintiff and his family members
and the professional engineer or would-be contractors who came to inspect the
Property which they were unfamiliar with and which the Plaintiff and his
family were living in. It would have been reasonable to expect some
communication to take place on those occasions and if the parties intended to
prohibit this, the Settlement Agreement would have stated it explicitly. In
this regard, I note that Koh, on behalf of the Defendants, had himself made a
telephone call to Chan on either 6 or 7 June 2012 regarding Chan’s evaluation
of the tenders received from the first tender exercise.[note: 85] While the
contents of the telephone conversation were disputed, what was not in dispute
was the fact that there were communications between Koh and Chan which were
initiated by Koh and which did not involve the Plaintiff.

85 The issue is therefore whether Madam Kok’s conduct in communicating with
Chan and/or the potential contractors went beyond what was acceptable and
amounted to an improper attempt to influence Chan or interfere with his
independence.

86 There is nothing to suggest that Madam Kok knew that she was pointing out
defects to Chan which were not in the Consultants’ Reports or that she was
trying to get Chan to include in the Rectification Works additional works that
should not have been the Defendants’ responsibility. As I have stated above at
[24], Madam Kok was an honest and candid witness. At that time, she was living
in a house that had numerous defects as a result of the Defendants’ failure to
carry out the A&A Works properly. In those circumstances, it is understandable
that she would have been eager to point out all the defects to Chan during his
visits to the Property. Her primary goal was to get her house fixed and
knowing that Chan was supposed to be the professional, she would not have been
particular about whether or not a specific defect was within the scope of the
original A&A Works and Consultants’ Reports. There is no evidence of any
impropriety on her part or that her actions, from an objective point of view,
were the type of actions which would have impaired Chan’s ability to
independently determine the issue in exercise of his professional judgment.

87 As for the communications made by Madam Kok during the First and Second
Site Show-rounds relating to certain things to be done on the Property, Chan
characterised these as “requests”[note: 86] and there is no evidence that any
of these “requests” were made in a manner which would have impaired Chan’s
professional judgment in assessing whether they should be properly acceded to.
More detailed testimony of these “requests” was given by Wee, a project
manager of Winning Flag and a witness for the Defendants, but the reliability
of his testimony is doubtful. First, in Wee’s AEIC, it was unclear whether the
requests came from Dallan, Dallon, Madam Kok or Chan.[note: 87] Second, in
Wee’s oral testimony, he did not appear entirely sure about the attribution of
instructions to Madam Kok.[note: 88] Third, his recollection of almost
everything which he said he was told to do during either the First or Second
Site Show-rounds or the Tender Interview was, according to him, based upon
“impressions” he had which were unconfirmed.[note: 89] Moreover, in the one
instance where he did go into some detail explaining the basis of his
“impression”, which was in relation to an alleged instruction by either Dallan
or Dallon to replace the glass panels in the lift instead of re-using them,
his explanation was quite unconvincing:[note: 90]

AEr, the actual wording by---I don’t remember the actual wording. Er, what I
was given was the impression that---because I---I, er, I cannot remember the
actual wordings said during the tender, the second tender showround. But we
were given the impression because they asked something like, “You think you
can---you think that, er, by---by shifting in, er, you think that you can
still reuse back or not?” That’s what they say, something like that. The
tonality is that, er, once it’s been taken outright, it, er, cannot be reused
back, what. That’s our impression. …

88 Similarly, there was no or (for the reasons set out above) insufficient
evidence that the Plaintiff, Dallan or Dallon had made improper attempts to
influence Chan or interfere with his independence. Chan may have expanded the
scope and specifications of the Rectification Works beyond the Consultants’
Reports or even after the Tender Document was finalised but this in itself is
not proof that the Plaintiff and/or his agents acted in breach of the
obligation under the Settlement Agreement not to interfere with Chan’s
independence. I should also reiterate that my finding is not that Chan acted
fraudulently or in collusion with the Plaintiff and/or his agents, but that he
acted on a mistaken view as to his proper function under the Settlement
Agreement.

Defendants’ failure to pay and Plaintiff’s complaint to the PEB

89 A brief chronology of events is useful here. Chan awarded the contract for
the Rectification Works to Crystallite on 6 July 2012 and the letter of award
was copied to _inter alia_ Low, who was the Defendants’ solicitor at that
time.[note: 91] In an e-mail dated 6 July 2012, Low wrote to Chan to inform
him that the Defendants had “serious reservations on the award of this
contract, and the events leading to the award” and to reserve the Defendants’
rights pending fuller instructions.[note: 92] The Plaintiff’s solicitor, Mr
Chew, replied via an e-mail dated 12 July 2012, asking for further details of
the Defendants’ “reservations” and informing Low that the Plaintiff would not
hesitate to commence legal action if the Property was not rectified
speedily.[note: 93] On the same date, Mr Chew sent a letter on behalf of the
Plaintiff to the Defendants demanding payment of the contract sum for the
Rectification Works, the balance of Chan’s fees, as well as rental and storage
expenses which the Plaintiff had proceeded to incur (having informed the
Defendants of these expenses via an earlier letter but apparently receiving no
response from the Defendants).[note: 94] On 20 July 2012, Low wrote to Mr
Chew, setting out certain areas of concern and requesting mediation pursuant
to clause 14 of the Settlement Agreement, which stipulated that any disputes
arising from the agreement had to be referred first to the Mediator for
further mediation before any legal action was commenced.[note: 95] There was
then some further discussion between the parties regarding the further
mediation, which eventually took place before the Mediator on 6 August 2012.
The further mediation session was unsuccessful. On 16 August 2012, the
Plaintiff commenced the present suit and also filed a complaint to the PEB.

90 The issue is whether the Defendants were in repudiatory breach of the
Settlement Agreement by refusing to pay the balance of Chan’s fees and the
costs of the Rectification Works. In the light of my decision to set aside
Chan’s award of the contract to Crystallite on the grounds that Chan had not
acted impartially in the discharge of his responsibilities, this claim cannot
succeed. As regards the balance of Chan’s fees, this was to be paid on or
after his completion of Tender Document at the earliest[note: 96] and the
preparation of that document was tainted by his lack of impartiality.

91 I then turn to consider the Defendants’ argument that the Plaintiff
breached a fundamental term of the Settlement Agreement by filing a complaint
to the PEB, contrary to his obligations under clause 12 of the Settlement
Agreement which provided as follows:

12.This settlement agreement represents a full and final settlement of all
claims the [Plaintiff] has or may have against the [Defendants]. The
[Plaintiff] **shall not file any complaints with the Professional Engineers
Board** and shall forthwith inform the Building and Construction Authority
that the matter has been resolved and another Professional Engineer will be
taking over the conduct of the matter.

[emphasis added in bold]

92 Much was made by the Defendants of the importance to them of the Plaintiff
refraining from making such a complaint and the fact that all the parties were
aware of this before and during the negotiations leading to the Settlement
Agreement. The Defendants alleged that the Plaintiff had, in fact, used the
threat of a complaint to drive a hard bargain during the negotiations.
However, I do not need to make a determination on whether the obligation not
to complain to the PEB was a fundamental term of the contract. This is
because, in my judgment, clause 12 of the Settlement Agreement, insofar as it
seeks to prohibit the Plaintiff from making a complaint to the PEB, is illegal
and unenforceable because it allows a professional engineer to effectively
contract out of regulatory oversight of his professional conduct by the PEB
under the Professional Engineers Act (Cap 253, 1992 Rev Ed) (“the Professional
Engineers Act”).

93 The Defendants’ arguments on this point were fivefold.[note: 97] First,
they submitted that the Plaintiff had not pleaded that clause 12 of the
Settlement Agreement was contrary to public policy. I am not persuaded by this
argument. The unenforceability of a particular contractual term on public
policy grounds cannot be dependent on the pleadings of the parties. Public
policy considerations are, by their very nature, overriding factors which the
court has to take into account regardless of the positions which the parties
may take. As Lindley LJ stated in _Scott v Brown, Doering, McNab & Co_ [1892]
2 QB 724 at 728: “It matters not whether the defendant has pleaded the
illegality or whether he has not. If the evidence adduced by the plaintiff
proves the illegality the Court ought not to assist him.”

94 The second contention of the Defendants was that there was nothing in the
Professional Engineers Act or the relevant subsidiary legislation that
compelled any person to file a complaint to the PEB under any circumstances,
unlike in s 424 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”)
which imposed a duty to give information of certain offences. An agreement not
to make a report in relation to an offence set out in s 424 of the CPC would
thus be unenforceable because it would be an agreement to resile from a legal
duty or obligation. The Defendants thus submitted that in the absence of any
legal duty or obligation to report any act or offence to the authorities, an
agreement not to report such an act or offence was enforceable. Third, the
Defendants argued that clause 12 of the Settlement Agreement was akin to a
compromise by a party not to commence legal proceedings against another party
in exchange for adequate compensation, which was valid and enforceable.
Fourth, the Defendants also likened the obligation in clause 12 to an
agreement not to volunteer to give evidence, which was upheld in the English
case of _Barrett v Universal-Island Records Ltd & Ors_ [2006] EWHC 1009 (Ch)
(“ _Barrett_ ”). Finally, the Defendants highlighted that public policy also
required that contracts freely entered into be upheld.

95 I address the second and last points raised by the Defendants first. As I
understand it, the Defendants’ argument on the second point was essentially
that because the Professional Engineers Act _allows_ for complaints to be made
to the PEB but does not _compel_ complaints to be made, it would not be
contrary to the said Act for parties to contract out of their rights to
complain against a professional engineer to the PEB. The fallacy of this
argument is clearly demonstrated by the well-known case of _Johnson v Moreton_
[1980] AC 37 (“ _Johnson v Moreton_ ”) where the House of Lords held that a
particular statutory provision in relation to agricultural holdings gave a
tenant an option to serve a counter-notice in response to a notice to quit
served on him by his landlord and that the words and policy of that statute
made it clear that the tenant could not by agreement exclude his right to
serve a counter-notice under that statutory provision. Simply because the
Professional Engineers Act does not impose a duty on persons to make
complaints but allows for complaints to be made is thus not conclusive; the
essential inquiry is parliamentary intention and the purpose of the statute.
As for the Defendants’ last point on freedom of contract, while this general
principle cannot be denied, this is not the end of the inquiry. Indeed, in
_Johnson v Moreton_ , Lord Hailsham of St Marylebone noted the maxim that a
person may renounce a right which exists solely for his own use or benefit but
that the key to the interpretation of this maxim was in determining “whether
the particular liberty or right conferred by the statute or rule of law is
entirely for the benefit of the person purporting to renounce it. If there is
a public as well as a private interest a contrary Latin maxim applies” (at
58).

96 As regards the remaining submissions of the Defendants, these submissions
overlook the fact that the legislative intent of the Professional Engineers
Act is to make an engineer accountable for his professional conduct not only
to his client but also to a statutory body whose functions include the
maintenance of standards of professional conduct and ethics of the engineering
profession (see s 6(_d_)). This reflects the wider public interest which is to
prevent misconduct on the part of those who hold themselves out to the public
at large as professional engineers.

97 I note that the Defendants have attempted to draw an analogy between clause
12 of the Settlement Agreement and contracts not to commence legal proceedings
or not to give evidence which have been held to be valid. The examples raised
by the Defendants are instances of contracts to stifle a prosecution or
contracts that tend to oust the jurisdiction of the courts, and the Defendants
are right to point out that the prohibition only applies to contracts which
adversely affect the _public_ interest; it does not affect a contract in which
the relevant offence or wrong is essentially a matter of _private_ interest.
Hence the distinction drawn between contracts stifling the prosecution of
compoundable offences (which are not opposed to public policy) and contracts
which pertain to non-compoundable offences (which are illegal and against
public policy): see _AJT v AJU_ [2011] 4 SLR 739 at [20]. The rationale for
this is that conduct which tends to undermine the wider public interest should
be left to the administration of the law and not to private individuals. As
Cotton LJ observed in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Windhill Local
Board of Health v Vint_ (1890) 45 Ch D 351 at 363:

… [T]he court will not allow as legal any agreement which has the effect of
withdrawing from the ordinary course of justice a prosecution when it is for
an act which is an injury to the public. It would be the case of persons
taking into their own hands the determining what ought to be done; and that
ought not to be taken into the hands of any individuals … but ought to be left
to the due administration of the law, and to the Judges, who can determine
what in the particular case ought to be done. I think it goes beyond saying,
that in the particular case there can be or cannot be any evil to the public;
but you are taking the administration of the law, and the object which the law
has in view, out of the hands of the judge and putting it into the hands of a
private individual. That to my mind is illegal.

98 I do not however think that the examples raised by the Defendants assist
them in the present case. Unlike the CPC which classifies certain offences as
compoundable, there is no provision in the Professional Engineers Act which
allows professional engineers to release or exempt themselves from
disciplinary proceedings by paying compensation. In any case, clause 12 of the
Settlement Agreement seeks to prohibit all complaints to the PEB without
drawing any distinction between minor and serious forms of misconduct. I note
moreover that the complaint which the Plaintiff lodged to the PEB alleged
_inter alia_ that Koh “[w]as both the qualified person supervising the
additions and alterations … and the builder of the said works” and that he had
“[d]emolished part of the pile cap without confirming the structural integrity
of the same”.[note: 98] These are serious allegations as they pertain to a
conflict of interest on the part of Koh in the discharge of his duties as a
professional engineer as well as the safety of certain works undertaken by
him. Misconduct of this character can hardly be regarded as a matter which can
be excluded from oversight by the PEB by an agreement between private parties.

99 It should be noted that there is a difference between the situation where a
contracting party undertakes not to file a complaint in future and a
complainant undertaking to write to a disciplinary body already seised of
jurisdiction informing that body that he is desirous of withdrawing his
complaint or that the parties have amicably settled the matter. The difference
lies in the effect of the contractual undertaking on the statutory regime
governing the professional’s conduct. In the latter situation, unless the
relevant legislation provides otherwise, the disciplinary proceedings already
commenced are not affected by the subsequent withdrawal of the initial
complaint: see _Manjit Singh s/o Kirpal Singh and another v_ _Attorney-
General_ [2013] 4 SLR 483 at [5] on similar disciplinary proceedings against
solicitors under the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed). It will then
be up to the disciplinary body to determine how it will dispose of the matter,
taking into consideration the information it has received from the
complainant. Accordingly, I would have had no difficulty upholding that
portion of clause 12 which required the Plaintiff to “forthwith inform the
Building and Construction Authority that the matter has been resolved and
another Professional Engineer will be taking over the conduct of the matter”.
By contrast, the offending portion of clause 12 of the Settlement Agreement
imposes an unqualified prohibition on making complaints to the PEB. While a
complaint to the PEB under the Professional Engineers Act can be made by
persons other than the client of the professional engineer, it has to be borne
in mind that a large proportion of instances of misconduct by professional
engineers will only be brought to the attention of the PEB through complaints
from their clients. To allow a professional engineer to enter into a contract
with his client to prohibit the client from lodging any complaint to the PEB
would significantly curtail the extent to which the professional
accountability envisaged by the Act can be achieved. Even if there was a
countervailing public policy consideration in allowing business to be
transacted freely and in upholding commercial bargains (as was alluded to in
_Barrett_), this would be outweighed by the need to uphold professional
accountability in the present situation.

100 Since this part of the clause is illegal and unenforceable, it follows
that the Plaintiff cannot be regarded to have acted in breach of it. I should,
however, add that my finding of illegality does not render the entire
Settlement Agreement void because the offending portion of clause 12 can be
severed from the rest of the agreement. This is because I do not regard the
Plaintiff’s obligation in the offending portion as constituting the whole of
his consideration for the Settlement Agreement. The fact that the Plaintiff
entrusted a determination of exactly how much he would be paid for the
Rectification Works to an independent third party is, on its own, sufficient
consideration on his part. The failure of consideration therefore does not
stand in the way of the doctrine of severance applying in this case. The
requirement that the court must be able to run a “blue pencil” through the
offending portion without altering the meaning of or rendering senseless the
rest of clause 12 of the Settlement Agreement (see _Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd
(formerly known as E D & F Man International (S) Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan
David_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663 at [127]) in order for this doctrine to apply would
also clearly be satisfied in this case.

Damages

101 It follows that neither party can be said to be in breach of the
Settlement Agreement, let alone in repudiatory breach of it. What has taken
place instead is that Chan’s award of the tender to Crystallite has been set
aside through no fault of either party. Although the Settlement Agreement did
not expressly provide for what would happen in this situation, I cannot
imagine that the parties would have contemplated either: (a) that the entire
Settlement Agreement they had reached through mediation would simply unravel
and they would be left to pursue their original claims against each other; or
(b) that the matter could be remitted to the same professional engineer who
had been found to have acted partially for a fresh, impartial determination.
The essence of the contractual bargain between the parties was that the
Defendants would pay the Plaintiff the reasonable costs of rectification works
with a neutral third party determining the scope of the rectification works
and the costs of such works being primarily determined by the tender process
carried out by that neutral third party. If the parties had, at the time of
the negotiations, applied their mind to the present scenario, they would in
all likelihood have said, “he must be replaced” and a replacement professional
engineer appointed in a similar manner. I therefore find that there would have
been an implied term in the Settlement Agreement to that effect.

102 I should add that even if I were wrong about there being such an implied
term in the Settlement Agreement, the court does have the power substitute
alternative machinery for the contractual machinery in appropriate cases (see
[80] _supra_). In _Macro v Thompson_ (see [58] _supra_), Walker J accepted
that in that case the circumstances justified an order for new valuations done
by a different expert, although he cautioned that this was not a general rule
(at 69):

… The decision of the House of Lords in _Sudbrook Trading Estate Ltd v
Eggleton_ [1982] 3 All ER 1, [1983] 1 AC 444 establishes or clarifies the
principle that where contractual machinery for the ascertainment of value is
frustrated, the court has jurisdiction to resolve the difficulty by
prescribing alternative machinery, **provided that the contractual machinery**
(for instance, the nomination of a single expert valuer) **was not an
essential and indispensable part of the contractual bargain**. … In this case,
therefore, without laying down any general rule, I conclude that the court can
and should provide alternative machinery. [emphasis added in bold]

103 The proviso above that the contractual machinery must not be an essential
or indispensable part of the contractual bargain does not, in my judgment,
apply to prevent the court from substituting alternative machinery in the
present case. As I have indicated at [101] above, the contractual bargain in
this case was that the Defendants would pay the Plaintiffs the reasonable
costs of rectification works, the scope and costs of which would be determined
by a neutral professional engineer and a tender process undertaken by him. It
was not important to the parties that Chan in particular had to be appointed
as the professional engineer. This was not like the case where, for example,
the agreement was to sell at a price fixed by a valuer who was named, or who,
by reason of holding some office such as the auditor of a company whose shares
were to be valued, would have special knowledge relevant to the question of
value, in which case the prescribed machinery may well be regarded as
essential: _Sudbrook Trading Estate Ltd v Eggleton_ [1983] 1 AC 444 at
483–484. Rather, what was important to the parties in this case was simply
that the professional engineer be neutral and qualified for the task. There is
thus no reason why another professional engineer should not be appointed in
the proper manner to undertake the relevant tasks under the Settlement
Agreement.

104 The only gaps which need to be filled are the deadlines for the
appointment of the replacement professional engineer and for the work to be
carried out by him upon his appointment. In this vein, I note that the
Settlement Agreement envisaged short timelines. I therefore direct as follows:

(a) The parties shall, within one week of the date of this judgment submit
three names to the Mediator, who shall thereafter appoint the Professional
Engineer from among the names submitted to him within a further one week
thereafter. If the Mediator fails to appoint a Professional Engineer by then,
either party is at liberty to apply to the court to make the appointment.

(b) The appointed Professional Engineer shall act in accordance with clauses
6–10 of the Settlement Agreement, save that the joint site visit referred to
in clause 6 shall be undertaken within one week of his appointment by the
Mediator or the court and the scope and specifications of the rectification
works to be prepared pursuant to clause 6 is to be set out within one week of
the said site visit.

105 The Defendants are under an obligation to pay to the Plaintiff the costs
set out in clause 11 of the Settlement Agreement resulting from this new
appointment with the following qualifications:

(a) The payment of $20,000 as compensation for moving and costs need not be
paid as the Defendants have already paid this sum; and

(b) As for the fees of the replacement professional engineer which the
Defendants have to pay to the Plaintiff, credit is to be given for the $11,260
which had been paid earlier by them as the first instalment of Chan’s fees.
From the documents, it is clear that the contract of appointment of Chan as
the professional engineer pursuant to which his fees were payable was one to
which only the Plaintiff and Chan were parties and to which the Defendants
were strangers. It will thus be for the Plaintiff to claim such refund from
Chan of the fees which have been paid by the Defendants on the Plaintiff’s
behalf although I express no view as to the extent of his legal entitlement to
do so;

(c) For the avoidance of doubt, the “duration of the Rectification Works” in
clause 11(c) of the Settlement Agreement is to be regarded as referring to the
duration of the Rectification Works as determined by the replacement
professional engineer. The Plaintiff cannot claim against the Defendants for
the rental and storage costs which he has already incurred given that these
were referable to the duration of the work to be done pursuant to the tender
award which I have set aside. As to whether the Plaintiff may claim these
costs from Chan under the contract between them, this is not an issue which is
before me in the present case. These observations also apply with respect to
any liability incurred by the Plaintiff pursuant to the contract which Chan
awarded to Crystallite.[note: 99]

Alleged conspiracy between Chan and the Plaintiff

106 While the Defendants initially pleaded both lawful and unlawful
conspiracy, only unlawful conspiracy was pursued in their written submissions.
The alleged unlawful means was the Plaintiff’s breach of the Settlement
Agreement.

107 The Defendants’ claim on conspiracy fails _in limine_ since I have found
that there was no evidence of collusion on the part of Chan and the Plaintiff
and/or his agents.

The Defendants’ counterclaims

108 To recapitulate, the First Defendant counterclaimed the sum of $35,260
from the Plaintiff comprising: $20,000 paid to the Plaintiff as compensation
for moving and costs under the Settlement Agreement; $11,260 being the first
instalment of Chan’s fees; and $4,000 being the outstanding professional fees
due in relation to the Additional Works. The Second Defendant counterclaimed
the total sum of $146,215.50 (including GST) for the Additional Works, as well
as damages to be assessed in relation to the Plaintiff’s complaint to the PEB.

109 In the light of my earlier findings, it is clear that the only items in
the Defendants’ counterclaims that remain to be considered relate to the
Additional Works.

110 The Defendants’ case was that the Additional Works had taken place between
July 2010 and April 2011. There were no quotations, invoices or other
documentation for the Additional Works, which Mui Ling said were undertaken
based on trust between the parties.[note: 100] Nevertheless, the Defendants
submitted that the Second Defendant had clearly mentioned its intention to
claim for the costs of these Additional Works in the Defendants’ summary of
facts which was submitted prior to and for the purpose of the mediation.[note:
101]

111 I find that the Defendants are not entitled to their counterclaims in
respect of the Additional Works. It was expressly stated in the Settlement
Agreement that “[t]he Parties wish to enter into this Settlement Agreement to
achieve a full, final and complete settlement of all claims, issues and/or
disputes (actual or potential, present or future) among them in respect of the
Contract”, the “Contract” being the contract for the A&A Works.[note: 102] The
Defendants’ counterclaim would have been part of the claims which were the
subject of the compromise under the Settlement Agreement. The reference to
them in the Defendants’ summary of facts puts beyond doubt the fact that the
Additional Works were covered by the mediation and the Settlement Agreement.
The parties had, in my judgment, agreed that all claims or disputes would be
superseded by the Settlement Agreement which would now encompass the parties’
entire agreement as to matters arising out of the A&A Works.

Conclusion

112 While the Plaintiff did not succeed in any of his claims, the Defendants
only succeeded in their claim to set aside the award of the contract to
Crystallite by Chan. However, a significant part of the proceedings concerned
the evidence pertaining to this issue. In the circumstances, I order the
Plaintiff to pay to the Defendants half of the Defendants’ costs, to be agreed
or taxed.

* * *

[note: 1]ABD 7–8.

[note: 2]ABD 14–16.

[note: 3]ABD 17; Transcript of Evidence dated 20 November 2013 at p 35.

[note: 4]ABD 31–168.

[note: 5]ABD 169–275.

[note: 6]ABD 278–286.

[note: 7]ABD 276–277.

[note: 8]ABD 320.

[note: 9]ABD 313.

[note: 10]ABD 330–331.

[note: 11]ABD 332.

[note: 12]ABD 341, 343.

[note: 13]Transcript of Evidence dated 14 November 2013 at p 94; DW1 AEIC at
para 54.

[note: 14]ABD 345–348.

[note: 15]ABD 349–351; PW5 AEIC at para 31.

[note: 16]ABD 373-413.

[note: 17]ABD 428–430, 434.

[note: 18]ABD 604.

[note: 19]PW5 AEIC at para 109; DW3 AEIC at para 11.

[note: 20]ABD 665–669.

[note: 21]ABD 753–754.

[note: 22]BOP 8–9 (Writ of Summons at paras 15–17).

[note: 23]Transcript of Evidence dated 26 September 2013 at p 24.

[note: 24]Transcript of Evidence dated 26 September 2013 at pp 24–25, 27–28.

[note: 25]BOP 147 (Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 26).

[note: 26]BOP 139 (Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 10).

[note: 27]Transcript of Evidence dated 20 September 2013 at pp 19–20, 30–31.

[note: 28]Transcript of Evidence dated 14 November 2013 at pp 54–56.

[note: 29]Transcript of Evidence dated 20 November 2013 at p 48.

[note: 30]Transcript of Evidence dated 20 November 2013 at pp 56, 67.

[note: 31]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at para 137;
Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions dated 27 December 2013 at para 117.

[note: 32]ABD 318–319.

[note: 33]ABD 323–324.

[note: 34]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at paras
178–179.

[note: 35]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at para 138.

[note: 36]ABD 313.

[note: 37]ABD 325–327.

[note: 38]PW5 AEIC at para 18; Transcript of Evidence dated 14 November 2013
at pp 101–102.

[note: 39]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at paras
149–160.

[note: 40]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at paras
161–163.

[note: 41]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at paras
164–167.

[note: 42]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at paras
168–171.

[note: 43]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at para 66.

[note: 44]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at para 149;
Defendants’ Reply Submissions dated 27 December 2013 at para 10–11.

[note: 45]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at para 153;
Defendants’ Reply Submissions dated 27 December 2013 at para 12.

[note: 46]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions dated 27 December 2013 at paras
129–130.

[note: 47]ABD 313.

[note: 48]ABD 278–286, 291–302; Transcript of Evidence dated 24 September 2013
at p 19.

[note: 49]Transcript of Evidence dated 21 November 2013 at p 58.

[note: 50]Transcript of Evidence dated 28 November 2013 at pp 60–61.

[note: 51]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at para 162.

[note: 52]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions dated 27 December 2013 at paras 18–19,
21.

[note: 53]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at para 144;
Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions dated 27 December 2013 at para 117.

[note: 54]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at paras
172–173.

[note: 55]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at paras 174,
176.

[note: 56]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at paras
193–197.

[note: 57]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at para 198.

[note: 58]Transcript of Evidence dated 26 November 2013 at pp 4–5; Transcript
of Evidence dated 28 November 2013 at pp 80–81.

[note: 59]Transcript of Evidence dated 28 November 2013 at p 82.

[note: 60]DW6 AEIC at paras 6–11.

[note: 61]Transcript of Evidence dated 28 November 2013 at p 87.

[note: 62]Transcript of Evidence dated 14 November 2013 at p 93.

[note: 63]Transcript of Evidence dated 14 November 2013 at p 52.

[note: 64]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at para 195;
Transcript of Evidence dated 14 November 2013 at pp 56–57.

[note: 65]ABD 325–326.

[note: 66]ABD 325–327.

[note: 67]PW5 AEIC at paras 45, 78.5, 93.4, 110.2, 122.6.

[note: 68]PW5 AEIC at para 45.

[note: 69]PW5 AEIC at para 110.2.

[note: 70]Transcript of Evidence dated 15 November 2013 at pp 7–9.

[note: 71]ABD 389; Transcript of Evidence dated 19 November 2013 at p 67.

[note: 72]PW5 AEIC at paras 112–113.

[note: 73]Transcript of Evidence dated 15 November 2013 at pp 13–14, 32–34.

[note: 74]PW5 AEIC at paras 91, 93; Transcript of Evidence dated 15 November
2013 at pp 76–77.

[note: 75]Transcript of Evidence dated 15 November 2013 at p 76.

[note: 76]Transcript of Evidence dated 15 November 2013 at p 111.

[note: 77]Transcript of Evidence dated 18 November 2013 at p 12.

[note: 78]Transcript of Evidence dated 19 November 2013 at p 55.

[note: 79]Transcript of Evidence dated 14 November 2013 at p 114.

[note: 80]Transcript of Evidence dated 14 November 2013 at p 84.

[note: 81]Transcript of Evidence dated 18 November 2013 at pp 60–61.

[note: 82]Transcript of Evidence dated 19 November 2013 at p 58.

[note: 83]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 13 December 2013 at para 145.

[note: 84]PW5 AEIC at paras 77, 112–114; Transcript of Evidence dated 18
November 2013 at p 23.

[note: 85]PW5 AEIC at para 91; DW1 AEIC at paras 79–83.

[note: 86]PW5 AEIC at paras 112–114.

[note: 87]DW3 AEIC at paras 38–39.

[note: 88]Transcript of Evidence dated 27 November 2013 at pp 147–148.

[note: 89]Transcript of Evidence dated 27 November 2013 at pp 129–132.

[note: 90]Transcript of Evidence dated 27 November 2013 at p 130.

[note: 91]ABD 665–669.

[note: 92]ABD 670.

[note: 93]ABD 678.

[note: 94]ABD 679–681.

[note: 95]ABD 694–695.

[note: 96]ABD 331.

[note: 97]Defendants’ Further Submissions dated 23 January 2014.

[note: 98]ABD 756.

[note: 99]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions dated 27 December 2013 at paras
204–205.

[note: 100]Transcript of Evidence dated 28 November 2013 at pp 28–29.

[note: 101]Defendants’ Reply Submissions dated 27 December 2013 at para 110;
ABD 307–308.

[note: 102]ABD 312.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

