Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Kim Huat Jerry _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 100

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 301 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 May 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gurdip Singh and Jagjit Singh (Gurdip & Gill) for the
appellant; Jiang Ke-Yue and Foong Leong Parn (Attorney-General's Chambers) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Tan Kim Huat Jerry — Public Prosecutor  
  
23 May 2014| Judgment Reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal against sentence. Mr Gurdip Singh (“Mr Singh”), counsel
for the appellant, described this case as “all about [the appellant’s]
enthusiasm to get back his car” – enthusiasm that led the appellant to commit
acts of forgery. That was also how Mr Singh described the case before District
Judge Marvin Bay, when the appellant pleaded guilty to the charges under
appeal. The district judge sentenced the appellant to four weeks’
imprisonment. Mr Singh submitted that the sentence should only be a fine, or a
shorter custodial term.

2 The appellant, a sole proprietor of “Car Central Automobile”, has been
dealing in second-hand cars for about 20 years. In 2012, he was involved in a
deal that went awry. He attempted to sell a Porsche Boxster to Ms Goh Soo Im
Esther (“Ms Goh”). The appellant met Ms Goh in March 2012 and parties orally
agreed that:

a. the Boxster would be registered in Ms Goh’s name;

b. the purchase price of the Boxster, $110,000 plus fees, would be offset by
trading in Ms Goh’s Mercedes SLK, leaving a balance price of $60,000
outstanding; and

c. the balance price of $60,000 would be financed by a hire-purchase loan.

3 The appellant transferred the ownership of the Boxster to Ms Goh on 22 April
2012. He also obtained a hire-purchase loan from Century Tokyo Leasing
(Singapore) Pte Ltd. On 24 April 2012, the appellant and Ms Goh entered into a
written sale and purchase agreement for the Boxster, which included a term
that the hire-purchase loan was to be obtained from OCBC Bank. On that same
day, Ms Goh took delivery of the Boxster, and the appellant took delivery of
the Mercedes SLK.

4 On 4 May 2012, the appellant informed Ms Goh that OCBC Bank did not approve
the hire-purchase loan because the ownership of the Boxster was transferred
before the loan application. As such, Ms Goh’s only option was the loan from
Century Tokyo. She was presumably unhappy with that option, and as a result, a
contractual dispute arose between the parties. As Mr Singh said, the crux of
that dispute was “whether the sale [had] been aborted due to the
nonfulfillment of a condition that the sale was subject to OCBC loan
approval”. The matter proceeded to court and was eventually settled on 14 June
2013, at which point Ms Goh returned the Boxster to the appellant.

5 In his “enthusiasm to get back his car” in the interim – between 4 May 2012
and 14 June 2013 – the appellant committed acts of forgery. After realising
that the deal had gone awry, the appellant felt that the status quo should
prevail. On 11 May 2012, he had “returned” the Mercedes SLK by parking it at
Ms Goh’s son’s condominium car park, and insisted on the return of the
Boxster. Ms Goh refused to comply.

6 On 24 May 2012, Ms Goh received a telephone call from an officer at the Land
Transport Authority (“LTA”). The officer informed her that the LTA received a
letter, allegedly signed by her, which indicated that the Boxster had been
wrongly transferred to her and that she requested the LTA’s assistance to
transfer the ownership to “Car Central Automobile”. The officer further
informed Ms Goh that it was the appellant who handed the letter to the LTA. Ms
Goh told the officer that the letter was not signed by her, and provided a
specimen signature for verification. She subsequently reported the matter to
the police.

7 It transpired that the appellant had forged the letter to the LTA. Further
investigations revealed that this was only one of four documents that the
appellant had forged. The appellant resorted to the LTA hoping to, as he
stated in his mitigation plea, “get the [Boxster] re-transferred back …in
order that he could tow it away if [Ms Goh] refused to return the said
vehicle”. He, again in his own words, “told LTA that he had wrongly
transferred a Porsche to [Ms Goh] as she purchased a Lexus and not a Porsche”.
As such, his story to the LTA was that the transfer in ownership of the
Boxster (on 22 April 2012) was nothing more than a case of mistake – that Ms
Goh had all along intended to purchase a different car, a Lexus, – and that
they needed the LTA’s assistance to nullify the transfer in ownership of the
Boxster. He discovered, however, that for his plan to work, he needed to
provide the LTA with supporting documents, namely, the log card of the
Boxster, the sale and purchase agreement of the Lexus, the insurance
certificate of the Lexus, and a letter from Ms Goh to say that the Boxster had
been wrongly transferred. To that end, the appellant forged two letters to the
LTA dated 4 May 2012, a sale and purchase agreement dated 4 April 2012, and an
insurance certificate dated 9 April 2012. It is clear that all the documents
were forged with the intent to cause the LTA to transfer the ownership of the
Boxster from Ms Goh to “Car Central Automobile”.

8 He faced four charges (one for each document forged) under s 465 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). He chose to plead guilty. On 1 November
2013, during the plead guilty mention, the prosecution informed the court that
it was proceeding on one charge (namely DAC 7933/2013, which was for forging
the letter entitled “Re: SKC933L”), and applied to have the remaining three
charges taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. The court
convicted the appellant and asked counsel if they had any submissions as to
sentence. The prosecution argued that a minimum sentence of six weeks’
imprisonment was appropriate. Mr Singh requested a four week adjournment to
prepare submissions. This was granted, and on 28 November, he returned with a
brief mitigation plea in which he emphasised the appellant’s “enthusiasm” and
“desperation” to get back “his” car, and argued a non-custodial sentence was
appropriate. The district judge sentenced the appellant to four weeks’
imprisonment. Mr Singh indicated he wished to appeal, and applied for bail
pending appeal – which was granted.

9 Before me, Mr Singh argued that the district judge erred in law and in fact
in meting a custodial sentence because:

a. this was a one-off incident by the appellant;

b. the appellant was only trying to “recover his car”;

c. the remaining 3 charges were given undue emphasis;

d. the “preferment of multiple… charges” was prejudicial to the appellant; and

e. the appellant was 52 years old, suffering from a mixed anxiety depression,
married with a 12 year old son, and the sole bread winner.

10 The last two arguments could be disposed of briefly. The fourth (preference
of multiple charges) related to prosecutorial discretion. The fifth
(particulars of the appellant) did not include any mitigating factors. It was
not Mr Singh’s case that the appellant’s depression caused him to commit the
offence. Neither did he raise any extenuating circumstances that warranted his
reliance on the appellant’s condition as a mitigating factor. The appellant’s
psychiatrist indicated that, in addition to depression, the appellant also had
“chronic stress… and panic attacks”, the district judge found it “difficult to
connect a panic attack with a deliberate and pre-meditated forgery of a series
of documents” (_PP v Tan Kim Huat Jerry_ [2013] SGDC 450 (“ _Jerry_ ”) at
[21]). I agree. The appellant’s reiteration of his family problems did not
advance his case either.

11 I come now to the first three points raised by Mr Singh. I find that none
of these contained issues that had not been considered by the district judge.
In fact, the district judge acknowledged that the appellant had no relevant
antecedents (_Jerry_ at [16]). Furthermore, I think that the district judge
had adequately explained his reliance on the charges taken into consideration
(in arriving at his sentence) by highlighting the “sheer magnitude of the
[appellant’s] forgeries in perpetrating the crime” (_Jerry_ at [23]). He had
noted that the other three charges “revealed three very diverse acts of
forgery being committed in the fabrication of [the] documents” (_Jerry_ at
[23]). I do not think that this was an undue emphasis. The three other
charges, as well as the facts in its entirety, showed that – notwithstanding
that this was an isolated incident – the appellant had acted deliberately and
in accordance with a “scheme”.

12 Crucially, Mr Singh’s description of this case as simply that of the
“appellant trying to get back his car” cannot stand. First, the car (Boxster)
was not “his” at the material time. The appellant, a 20-year-veteran in the
car sales industry, cannot be excused for not having realised this. Although
understandable that the appellant could have been unhappy when he could not
complete the sale, that was no excuse for him to commit a crime. Second, this
description of the case does not fully reflect the gravity of the fraud
perpetuated on a public institution (the LTA). Although the officer at the LTA
(who contacted Ms Goh) may not have incurred any personal loss, the “potential
corruption of LTA records” was a live concern throughout this episode. In this
regard, the district judge was of the view that there was a “need for general
deterrence to maintain public confidence in LTA records”. Nevertheless, he
appreciated that the appellant had (initially) approached the transaction with
Ms Goh in good faith, and also took into account that the appellant was no
hardened criminal (noting, especially, how the appellant’s scheme was rather
simplistic and “would be quickly unravelled with a modicum of investigative
work”. See _Jerry_ at [37]).

13 On the whole, I am satisfied that the district judge had not erred in fact
or in law, and the sentence of 4 weeks’ imprisonment was not manifestly
excessive. It seemed clear that the district judge had fully considered the
facts of this case and had taken the authorities into account. He considered
another case involving a forgery in a vehicle transfer, _Gana Prakasam s/o
Thangaveloo v PP_ (MA 224/2000) (“ _Gana_ ”). The appellant in _Gana_ pleaded
guilty to a single s 465 charge and faced a sentence of three months’
imprisonment. The accused there appealed, and the high court enhanced the
sentence to six months. The district judge distinguished this case from _Gana_
and came to the conclusion that 4 weeks was an appropriate sentence. In
particular, he noted that the “level of criminality” in this case was rather
low, with the appellant facing more stress factors (such as the “eccentric
demands and obdurate behaviour” of Ms Goh) than the appellant in _Gana_. The
district judge also “appreciated that the [appellant] had approached the
transaction with [Ms Goh] in good faith” (_Jerry_ at [37]).

14 This case was not merely about the appellant’s enthusiasm to get his car
back – if that were the case, perhaps different considerations would arise.
This case was about an experienced car salesman who chose forgery over the law
when his contract failed. As the district judge noted (_Jerry_ at [38]):

[the appellant] would have known that it was never open for him to
unilaterally call off the two vehicle transaction by jettisoning the Mercedes
at the condominium car park of [Ms Goh’s] son and then contrive to procure the
return of the [Boxster]. He must [have been] well aware of his remedies in
law, and could not [have been] oblivious to the implications of what he was
instead doing.

For the reasons above, this appeal before me is dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 May 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

