Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Qingjian International (South Pacific) Group Development Co Pte Ltd _v_
Capstone Engineering Pte Ltd  
[2014] SGHCR 5

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1022 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Eunice Chua AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Yeow Hiang and Lim Yao Jun (Kelvin Chia Partnership)
for the plaintiff; A Rajandran (A Rajandran) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Qingjian International (South Pacific) Group Development Co Pte
Ltd — Capstone Engineering Pte Ltd  
  
18 February 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Eunice Chua AR:

1 This is an application for the setting aside of an adjudication
determination pursuant to s 27(5) of the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). As parties raised
issues that have yet to be addressed in judicial precedent relating to the
appropriate mode of service of the order of court granting leave to enforce
the adjudication determination, whether or not there existed a contract in
writing within the meaning of s 4 of the Act, and whether or not there was
valid service of a payment claim that was addressed to two parties in the
alternative and communicated by way of email, I reserved judgment to give
careful consideration to the matter.

Factual background

2 The plaintiff, Qingjian International (South Pacific) Group Development Co
Pte Ltd, was the main contractor of a Housing and Development Board project at
Upper Serangoon View (“the Project”). The defendant, Capstone Engineering Pte
Ltd, was engaged as a sub-contractor to supply labour, equipment and tools for
masonry and plastering works for certain blocks of the Project. The precise
contours and manner of the defendant’s engagement is disputed by the parties.

3 It will be appropriate at this juncture to introduce Qingdao Construction
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Qingdao”). Qingdao and the plaintiff have the same
registered office and the same officers, and both are wholly owned by CNQC
(South Pacific) Holding Pte Ltd. The persons dealing with the defendant in
relation to the Project have positions in both the plaintiff and Qingdao.

4 It was apparent that the defendant initially regarded Qingdao as the party
who had engaged its services for the Project. On 8 January 2013, the defendant
issued a quotation in relation to works for Blocks 476A, 476B, 477B and 477C
of the Project (“the 8 January 2013 Quotation”) to Qingdao. It is not disputed
that there was no signed written contract as between the plaintiff and the
defendant or Qingdao and the defendant. Nevertheless, the defendant commenced
works in relation to the Project.

5 Disputes soon arose relating to the 1st, 2nd and 3rd payment claims
submitted by the defendant and the defendant lodged an adjudication
application against Qingdao in SOP AA 105 of 2013 (“AA 105/2013”) in respect
of those payment claims on 7 June 2013. The present application is in relation
to SOP AA 126 of 2013 (“AA 126/2013”) arising from the 4th payment claim
submitted by the defendant. However, AA 105/2013 provides important background
to the present application. It is noted that the same solicitors that
represented Qingdao in AA 105/2013 represented the plaintiff in the present
proceedings.

6 In AA 105/2013, Qingdao took the position that the defendant was claiming
against the wrong party and that it ought to look to the plaintiff for payment
instead. AA 105/2013 was eventually settled at mediation on 18 July 2013 and,
in exchange for a cheque payment from the plaintiff, the defendant re-issued,
_inter alia_ , the 8 January 2013 Quotation by addressing it to the plaintiff
instead of Qingdao (“the Revised Quotation”).

7 Before AA 105/2013 was settled but after it was commenced, the defendant
made its 4th payment claim, dated 28 June 2013, against the plaintiff. The 4th
payment claim was for the sum of $223,004.00 and was addressed to:

Qingdao Construction (Singapore) Pte Ltd

OR Qinjian [_sic_] International (South Pacific) Group

Development Co., Pte Ltd

QS – Ms Zhu Xiao Xia

CM – Ms Chu Xiao Yan

8 The email enclosing the 4th payment claim, also dated 28 June 2013, stated
as follows:

To: Qingdao Construction (Singapore) Pte Ltd or Qingjian International (South
Pacific) Group Development Co., Pte Ltd

Attn: CM – Ms Chu Xiao Yan; QS – Ms Zhu Xiaoxia

Dear Ms Chu/Ms Zhu,

We are pleased to enclose our 4th Progress Claim (Payment Claim) dated 28th
June 2013.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 11(1)(b) of [the Act], i.e.
within 7 days of the date hereof [_sic_].

This Payment Claim is submitted without prejudice to our position in AA/ SOP
105 of 2013.”

9 On 2 July 2013, Ms Chu Xiao Yan emailed the defendant taking objection to
the 4th payment claim as follows:

Dear Mr Lim,

I refer to your email to me on 28 June 2013 and the attachments, including in
particular your payment claim no. 4 for $223,004 dated 28 June 2013 (“**your
claim** ”) which was addressed to Qingdao Construction (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(“**Qingdao** ”) OR Qingjian International (South Pacific) Group
(“**Qingjian** ”).

I regret to inform you that neither Qingdao nor Qingjian is able to consider
or accept your claim, as it is invalid and not in compliance with the
provisions of [the Act].

Under the Act, you may only serve your payment claim on a person or persons,
_who under the contract concerned_ , is or may be liable to make the payment
to you.

Clearly, you cannot have more than one contract for your works and Qingjian
and Qingdao cannot be liable to you at the same time under your contract.
Further, you should also know who you had contracted with. The onus and
responsibility is therefore on you to specify who your claim was intended for.

We ask therefore that you clarify and specify the company to which you claim
was addressed.

Qingdao or Qingjian, as the case may be, will respond to your claim, upon
receiving your clarification.

Please let us have your clarification **on or before 3 p.m. of Tuesday, 2 July
2013**.

We reserve all of our rights, including in particular the right to bring this
exchange of emails to the attention of the appropriate forum at the
appropriate time.

[emphasis in original]

10 Although the defendant did not provide the clarification sought by Ms Chu,
the plaintiff served its payment response to the 4th payment claim on 12 July
2013. The defendant filed AA 126/2013 on 19 July 2013. The plaintiff attempted
to file an adjudication response at 4.35pm on 29 July 2013 and the defendant
took objection on the basis that pursuant to the Singapore Mediation Centre
Rules, the adjudication response would be considered as lodged the next day as
it was lodged after 4.30pm. The adjudicator agreed with the defendant and did
not consider the adjudication response for the reasons set out in a
determination on this preliminary issue dated 29 August 2013.

11 The adjudicator issued her adjudication determination on the merits of AA
126/2013 on 30 August 2013. The amount due pursuant to the adjudication
determination in AA 126/2013 was $80,566.51.

12 When payment was not made by the due date of 17 September 2013, the
defendant filed Originating Summons No 887 of 2013 on 20 September 2013
seeking leave to enter judgment and to enforce the judgment. The defendant’s
application was granted on 24 September 2013.

13 According to the defendant, the order of court granting leave was served on
the plaintiff’s solicitors on 4 October 2013 by way of fax, email and post.
The plaintiff does not dispute receipt of the fax and email on 4 October 2013,
but tendered a copy of the defendant’s letter stamped with the date 10 October
2013 as evidence that the documents were received by post only on 10 October
2013.

14 The plaintiff filed the present application to set aside the adjudication
determination in AA 126/2013 on 24 October 2013. It was eventually heard on 28
and 30 January 2014 as there was an interim application for an extension of
time by the defendant to file its affidavit heard by me on 4 December 2013.
The plaintiff did not object to the defendant’s extension of time application
but sought and was granted four weeks after the filing and service of the
defendant’s affidavit to file its reply affidavit.

Issues

15 Returning to the present application, as a preliminary issue, the defendant
argued that the application should be dismissed on the basis that it was filed
out of time.

16 In addition, the application presented two main issues for decision:

(a) Whether there was a contract in writing between the plaintiff and the
defendant within the meaning of s 4 of the Act; and

(b) Whether there was valid service of the 4th payment claim within the
meaning of s 10(1) of the Act, and, if not, whether that would render the
adjudication determination invalid and liable to be set aside.

My decision

17 I determined the preliminary issue in favour of the plaintiff but not the
substantive issues for the reasons set out below.

Whether the application was filed out of time

18 Under O 95 r 2(4) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed):

Within _14 days after being served with the order granting leave_ , the debtor
may apply to set aside the adjudication determination and the adjudication
determination shall not be enforced until after the expiration of that period
or, if the debtor applies within that period to set aside the adjudication
determination, until after the application is finally disposed of.

[emphasis added]

19 The defendant argued that the setting application was filed out of time
because the 14 days within which the application should be filed started
running from 4 October 2013, which was when the relevant documents, including
the order granting leave, were sent by fax, email and post to the plaintiff’s
solicitors. Counsel for the defendant submitted that the order granting leave
could be served by fax and email by virtue of s 37 of the Act. In any event,
the defendant relied on s 2(5) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed)
and the Singpost website stating that “[m]ost letters posted before 5.00pm
outside Central Business District and 7.00pm within Central Business District
should be delivered to the recipient by the next working day” to argue that it
was inconceivable that the documents were only received by the plaintiff on 10
October 2013 when they were sent on 4 October 2013 and that the burden was on
the plaintiff to prove otherwise.

20 The plaintiff argued that service by fax was invalid because O 62 r 6(3) of
the Rules of Court was not satisfied and that service by email was invalid
because it was not a mode of service prescribed by O 62 r 6(1). In relation to
service by post, the plaintiff accepted that it was a valid mode of service
but stated that it only received the order granting leave on 10 October 2013,
which was the date stamped on the copy of the defendant’s letter. Relying on s
2(5) of the Interpretation Act and _Chia Kim Huay (litigation representative
of the estate of_ _Chua Chye_ _Hee, deceased) v Saw Shu Mawa Min Min and
another_ [2012] 4 SLR 1096, the plaintiff argued that service on it was
effected when it actually received the order granting leave.

21 In my view, the defendant’s reliance on s 37 of the Act was misplaced. That
section applies to the service of documents authorised or required by the Act.
It does not apply to service of the order granting leave, which is provided
for in the Rules of Court and not in the Act. Further, s 37(3) of the Act
explicitly provides that the provisions of s 37 “are in addition to, and do
not limit or exclude, the provisions of any other law with respect to the
service of documents”.

22 However, the plaintiff’s reliance on O 62 r 6 was also misplaced as there
was a more specific provision prescribing how the order granting leave should
be served – O 95 r 2(3) of the Rules of Court, which states:

An order granting leave must be drawn up by or on behalf of the applicant, and
must be served on the debtor —

(a) by delivering a copy to him personally;

(b) by sending a copy to him at his usual or last known place of business; or

(c) in such other manner as the Court may direct.

This was the applicable provision to service of the order granting leave.

23 If the defendant wished to serve the order granting leave by way of fax or
email, it should have sought the Court’s leave in accordance with O 95 r
2(3)(_c_) whether at the time of application for enforcement of the
adjudication determination or otherwise. As the defendant did not do so, it
could not rely on such modes of service.

24 In relation to service by post on the plaintiff’s solicitors, it was not
disputed that such a mode of service was valid and I assume that parties had
agreed for personal service on the debtor to be effected through service on
its solicitors. The only issue raised by the defendant was the time that the
service was effected.

25 Section s 2(5) of the Interpretation Act provides that:

Where an Act authorises or requires any document to be served by post, whether
the word “serve”, “give” or “send” or any other word is used, then, unless a
contrary intention appears, the service shall be deemed to be effected by
properly addressing, prepaying and posting a letter containing the document,
and, _unless the contrary is proved, shall be deemed to have been effected at
the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of
post._ [emphasis added]

26 In my view, the plaintiff had discharged its burden of proving that it
received the order granting leave on 10 October 2013 by adducing evidence of
the cover letter enclosing the order granting leave time stamped with the date
10 October 2013. Absent any other evidence from the defendant on when the
plaintiff _actually_ received the order granting leave, I found in favour of
the plaintiff on the preliminary issue.

Whether there was a contract in writing

27 Before me, both parties accepted, and correctly so, that if there was no
contract in writing within the meaning of the Act, the adjudication
determination in AA 126/2013 should be set aside. This was because the Act
applies “to any contract that is made in writing on or after 1st April 2005 …”
(s 4(1) of the Act). If the Act does not apply, there is no basis for a
payment claim to be made or for adjudication to be commenced.

28 In _Lee Wee Lick Terence v Chua Say Eng_ [2013] 1 SLR 401 (“ _Terence Lee_
”) at [67], the Court of Appeal stated that:

the court may … set aside the adjudication determination on the ground that
the claimant, in the course of making an adjudication application, has not
complied with one (or more) of the provisions under the Act which is so
important that _it is the legislative purpose that an act done in breach of
the provision should be invalid_ , whether it is labelled as an essential
condition or a mandatory condition. A breach of such a provision would result
in the adjudication determination being invalid. [emphasis in original]

29 The High Court in _SEF Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd_
[2010] 1 SLR 733 at [45] recognised that the existence of a contract between
the claimant and the respondent to which the Act applies was such an essential
or mandatory condition.

30 Under s 4(3) of the Act, a contract shall be treated as being made in
writing:

(_a_) if the contract is made in writing, whether or not it is signed by the
parties thereto;

(_b_) if the contract is made by an exchange of communications in writing;

(_c_) if the contract made otherwise than in writing is recorded by one of the
parties thereto, or by a third party, with the authority of the parties
thereto; or

(_d_) if the parties to the contract agree otherwise than in writing by
reference to terms which are in writing.

31 Section 4(4) of the Act further provides that:

Where a contract is not wholly made in writing, the contract shall be treated
as being made in writing for the purpose of this section if, subject to the
provisions of this Act, the matter in dispute between the parties thereto is
in writing.

32 This is one aspect of the Act which differs from the New South Wales
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 1999 (Act 46 of
1999) (NSW) Act (“the NSW Act”) as the NSW Act applies to both written and
oral contracts.

33 As observed by the authors of Annotated Guide to the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004 (Sweet & Maxwell, 2004):

The requirement in the Act of some written record of the contractual terms is
recognition that a summary dispute resolution procedure such as adjudication
will not be suitable for cases where there are disputes on what the express or
implied terms of oral agreements are.

34 However, the provisions of ss 4(3) and 4(4) of the Act are broadly drafted
to give wide berth to the understanding of a “contract made in writing”. See
Chow Kok Fong, _Law and Practice of Construction Contracts_ vol 2 (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 4th Ed, 2012) (“ _Law and Practice of Construction Contracts_ ”)
at para 19.4. This is in all likelihood due to “the prevalent practice in the
construction industry of commencing work without completing all the
documentary formalities” alluded to in _Singapore Construction Adjudication
Review [2005-2007]_ (Chow Kok Fong, Christopher Chuah and Mohan Pillay gen
eds) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, Singapore Mediation Centre, 2009) at para 2.4. It
would accordingly be consistent with the policy and purpose of the Act as
outlined in _Terence Lee_ at [2]–[5] as well as an ordinary reading of ss 4(3)
and 4(4) to take a commercially sensible approach in finding the existence of
a “contract made in writing”.

35 In relation to s 4(4) of the Act, in particular, it is not necessary for
all the terms agreed by the parties to be recorded in writing. Section 4(4) of
the Act contemplates a contract with only some parts recorded in writing and
treats that contract as having been made in writing for the purposes of the
Act as long as “the matter in dispute between the parties thereto is in
writing”. Because s 4(3) applies to the entire s 4, a contract partly made in
writing under s 4(4) also need not be a formal signed contract, but will
satisfy the writing requirement as long as one of the situations in s 4(3) are
satisfied.

36 Unfortunately, the state of evidence before me on the issue of whether
there was a contract in writing left something to be desired. On the part of
the plaintiff, the plaintiff’s contract manager Ms Chu Xiao Yan deposed as
follows at para 14 of the affidavit in support of the application:

The relevant facts and evidence … are set out in the Submissions [appended to
the adjudication response] and I will not repeat the same here. I adopt the
facts as set out in the Submissions and confirm that they are true to the best
of my information, knowledge and belief.

37 This was not ideal because the purpose and scope of the submissions
appended to the adjudication response are not the same as an affidavit in
support of a setting aside determination or a judgment. It is noted that under
O 95 r 3(1)(_b_) and (_c_) of the Rules of Court, an affidavit in support of
an application to set aside an adjudication determination is required to
“state the grounds on which it is contended that the adjudication
determination or judgment … should be set aside” and “set out any evidence
relied on by the applicant”. On another more practical note, as the
submissions were exhibited as a single exhibit with the original page
numbering removed, it was difficult to follow the cross-references to
documents in the submissions.

38 Nevertheless, the plaintiff’s account of the defendant’s appointment as
sub-contractor may be summarised as follows:

(a) The defendant’s director, Mr Chai Noi Nam, contacted Ms Emily Tan, the
plaintiff’s deputy general manager, by phone to enquire about being sub-
contractor for the Project. Ms Tan told Mr Chai to submit a quote.

(b) On 7 January 2013, the plaintiff sent a CD-ROM containing, _inter alia_ ,
the relevant bills of quantities and drawings for plastering works to the
defendant.

(c) On 8 January 2013, the defendant submitted the 8 January 2013 Quotation,
which was not accepted or signed by Qingdao or the plaintiff. Instead, Ms Tan
informed Mr Chai verbally of a set of applicable rates for 3-room, 4-room and
5-room units that was different from the rates contained in the 8 January 2013
Quotation.

(d) In February 2013, there was a meeting between various representatives of
the plaintiff and the defendant where, _inter alia_ , the defendant agreed to
do the works for Block 476C instead of Block 476B; the defendant was asked to
submit its rate for Block 476C for the plaintiff’s consideration; and the
defendant was informed that while the defendant should start work on all the
four blocks, whether the plaintiff would continue to engage the defendant for
Blocks 477B and 477C would depend on whether the defendant’s works for Blocks
476A and 476C were satisfactory to the plaintiff and met the targets set by
the plaintiff.

(e) In late February 2013 or early March 2013 the defendant commenced work on
the Project.

(f) In April 2013 the defendant requested for a copy of the sub-contract
agreement for its works for the Project but the plaintiff told the defendant
that its solicitors were in the midst of reviewing the plaintiff’s contracts
and that the sub-contract agreement would be furnished to the defendant when
it was ready.

39 In short, the plaintiff took the position that its contract with the
defendant was wholly oral because, _inter alia_ , the 8 January 2013 Quotation
was addressed to Qingdao and was, in any event, not accepted either by Qingdao
or by the plaintiff. Further, no agreement on the scope of the defendant’s
works and the applicable rates were evidenced in writing. The plaintiff
further submitted that the defendant could not rely on the Revised Quotation
because it was not accepted and signed by the plaintiff and represented only
an offer that the plaintiff did not accept.

40 The defendant, on its part, merely stated in an affidavit filed by its
director, Mr Lim Jiunn Yih, that the contract was evidenced in writing by the
Revised Quotation and responded that:

The contents of Paragraph 14, respectfully, _is a lame attempt to introduce,
by the back door, the matters which have been rejected in accordance with the
provisions of [the Act]._ The Defendants reserve their rights.

41 Despite my indication to counsel for the defendant during the hearing that
this evidence was not satisfactory, counsel for the defendant did not request
for leave to adduce any further testimony but chose to base his submissions on
the existing documents before the court.

42 Although the defendant’s position on affidavit is that the contract is
evidenced in writing by the Revised Quotation, in submissions, counsel for the
defendant argued that the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th payment claims, as well as
their accompanying payment responses, payment certificates and invoices should
also be considered as evidence of the contract in writing. In addition,
counsel for the defendant pointed out that in AA 105/2013, no issue was taken
as to whether the contract was evidenced in writing. In fact, the adjudication
response submitted by Qingdao stated as follows:

Capstone was appointed by Qingjian International as the sub-contractor to
carry out, _inter alia_ , plastering, skimming, bricklaying and partition wall
works … at a total price of $1,387,900. Subsequent to its appointment,
Capstone carried out works on the Project in March 2013. A copy of the Sub-
Contract Agreement dated 6 March 2013 (“**Sub-Contract Agreement** ”),
evidencing the agreement between Capstone and Qingjian International and the
terms of Capstone’s appointment as the sub-contractor for the said works is
exhibited … [emphasis in original]

43 However, it is not the defendant’s case that the Sub-Contract Agreement
alluded to in the adjudication response submitted by Qingdao is evidence of
the contract between the plaintiff and the defendant so I do not understand
the defendant as trying to argue that the plaintiff is bound by the position
taken by Qingdao in AA 105/2013.

44 In addition, given that the existence of a contract in writing goes to the
jurisdiction of the adjudicator, no estoppel could have arisen as this was a
matter for the court to decide and not the adjudicator: see _JFC Builders Pte
Ltd v LionCity Construction Co Pte Ltd_ [2013] 1 SLR 1157 at [36]–[40]; _Admin
Construction Pte Ltd v Vivaldi (S) Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 609 at [60] (“ _Admin
Construction_ ”). Although the High Court in _Admin Construction_ raised
various concerns with a late challenge to an adjudicator’s jurisdiction (see
[61] and [65]), these have yet to be addressed by legislative amendment or
otherwise. As an aside, one troubling aspect of this case was that the parties
had already been engaged in AA 105/2013 and had settled it by way of mediation
without any issue being taken as to the existence of a contract in writing
within the meaning of the Act. This fundamental issue was only raised in the
adjudication response the plaintiff attempted to file in AA 126/2013.

45 After considering the submissions of parties and the evidence before me, I
found that s 4(4) of the Act was satisfied on the basis that “the matter in
dispute”, which I interpret to mean the subject matter of AA 126/2013, _ie_
the defendant’s works in relation to the Project, can be found in an exchange
of communications in writing. These communications included the Bills of
Quantities and drawings for plastering works contained in the CD-ROM sent by
the plaintiff to the defendant, the 8 January 2013 Quotation, the four payment
claims made by the defendant, the payment responses issued by the plaintiff,
the tax invoices issued by the defendant, and the Revised Quotation. These
documents sufficiently showed agreement as to the matters in dispute,
including the parties to the contract (the plaintiff and the defendant), the
relevant scope of the works (masonry and plastering works for Blocks 476A,
476C, 477B and 477C of the Project) and the applicable rates to valuing the
works (which may be inferred from the payment claims and payment responses).
As indicated earlier, in my view, a broad interpretation should be accorded to
what constituted an “exchange of communications in writing” and I was not
confined to considering the communications pre-dating the commencement of
works.

46 The plaintiff’s interpretation of s 4(4) of the Act as requiring it to
signify explicitly in writing its agreement to the applicable rates and scope
of works was, in my judgment, too restrictive. This approach would not be
commercially sensible in the context of the construction industry particularly
where, as occurred on the facts of this case, agreements may be subject to
change in the course of the progress of works without a formal signed record
and where sub-contractors may be expected to commence works without a formal
signed agreement. On the plaintiff’s own account of the facts of this case, it
was the plaintiff who was supposed to furnish the sub-contract agreement to
the defendant but it did not do so. However, it proceeded to instruct the
defendant to commence works, and duly certified the payment claims made by the
defendant pursuant to which tax invoices were issued to the plaintiff from the
defendant.

47 In addition, I did not accept the distinction drawn by the plaintiff in
oral submissions between documents evidencing contract formation (which the
court could consider) and documents post-formation (which the court ought not
to consider). This distinction had no basis in the Act.

Whether there was valid service of the payment claim

48 On affidavit, the plaintiff challenged the validity of the service of the
4th payment claim based on s 10(1)(_a_) of the Act, which provides that a
“claimant may serve one payment claim in respect of a progress payment on …
one or more other persons who, under the contract concerned, is or may be
liable to make the payment”. According to the plaintiff, this section does not
permit a payment claim to be served on two parties _in the alternative_
because this would create uncertainty as to which person the payment claim was
served on and which person is required to provide a payment response to the
payment claim. The plaintiff then stated that it gave the defendant an
opportunity to clarify its claim on 2 July 2013 (see [9] above) but the
defendant refused to do so.

49 The defendant argued that there was no uncertainty or confusion created on
the facts of the case because the plaintiff proceeded to issue a payment
response. In any event, the defendant relied on _Terence Lee_ at [66] to argue
that the breach relied on by the plaintiff would not invalidate the
appointment of the adjudicator and the resulting adjudication determination as
it was not an essential or mandatory condition of the Act.

50 I agree with the plaintiff that a payment claim ought not to be served on
parties in the alternative but should only be served on the party or parties
liable to make payment under the contract. However, the facts of this case are
fairly unique. First, the payment claim was served on Ms Chu and Ms Zhu, in
their capacities as contract manager and quantity surveyor of the Project,
respectively. Coincidentally, they were employed by both the plaintiff and
Qingdao. Second, the reason for the defendant doing so was plainly due to the
dispute in AA 105/2013 which had yet to be resolved at the time the 4th
payment claim was served. Third, in any event, it was apparently clear to the
plaintiff that it was the proper party to the contract with the defendant.
This was the position it must have taken as early as AA 105/2013 where,
although it was not named as a party, it was the one who issued the cheque to
the defendant in settlement of AA 105/2013. The plaintiff also filed the
payment response in AA 126/2013.

51 Any breach of s 10(1)(_a_) of the Act was accordingly very technical in
nature and certainly not so important, given the object and purpose of the
Act, as to invalidate the appointment of the adjudicator and the resulting
adjudication determination.

52 Finally, I should mention that during the adjourned hearing on 30 January
2014, which was scheduled for counsel for the defendant to make his reply
submissions, counsel for the plaintiff raised a new argument that the 4th
payment claim was served by way of email and that this was not one of the
modes of service described in s 37(1) of the Act, which states as follows:

Where this Act authorises or requires a document to be served on a person,
whether the expression “serve”, “lodge”, “provide” or “submit” or any other
expression is used, the document may be served on the person —

(_a_) by delivering it to the person personally;

(_b_) by leaving it during normal business hours at the usual place of
business of the person; or

(_c_) by sending it by post or facsimile transmission to the usual or last
known place of business of the person.

53 Counsel for the defendant objected to this argument because it was raised
late in the day – no such objection was taken in AA105/2013 or in the
adjudication response the plaintiff attempted to file in AA 126/2013. The
failure to state this argument as a ground for setting aside the adjudication
determination on affidavit also breached O 95 r 3(1)(_b_) of the Rules of
Court. Regardless, counsel for the defendant relied on _Terence Lee_ at [67]
and submitted that any breach in relation to how the payment claim was served
was not such as to render the appointment of the adjudicator and the
adjudication determination invalid.

54 It suffices to say that I agreed with counsel for the defendant.

55 In addition, I am also doubtful that s 37(1) is intended to be an
exhaustive list of the permissible modes of service of documents under the
Act. First, the permissive “may” is used rather than the mandatory “shall” or
“must”. This can be contrasted with O 95 r 2(3) of the Rules of Court (see
[22] above) which stipulates that an order granting leave to enforce an
adjudication determination “must” be served in the stated ways. _Obiter dicta_
to the effect that s 37(1) is not mandatory may also be found at [74] of
_Terence Lee_ where the Court of Appeal stated:

As for the mode of giving notice, Parliament has stopped short of requiring
the information to be personally communicated to the respondent. This can be
seen from the service requirements in s 37(1) of the Act: that provision
states that documents “may be served” by personal delivery (s 37(1)(_a_)), by
leaving the document at the respondent’s usual or last known place of business
(s 37(1)(_b_)), or by posting or faxing it to that place (s 37(1)(_c_)). Other
modes of service may also be possible.

56 Assuming I am correct that s 37(1) is permissive, it strikes me as odd that
parties are not permitted to agree on a particular mode of service that may be
most expedient for them – if the assumption holds, such agreements would not
contravene s 36 of the Act which prevents contracting out of the Act. On the
facts of this case, based on the conduct of the parties, I would have been
prepared to accept that there was an agreement that payment claims may be
served by way of email.

57 It also seems to me that s 37(3) of the Act, which states that the
provisions of s 37 “are in addition to, and do not limit or exclude, the
provisions of any other law with respect to the service of documents”,
supports my reading of s 37(1) being permissive rather than mandatory.
However, the question is then raised as to what other laws Parliament may have
had in mind in relation to s 37(3) and whether these should in any way serve
to constrain a permissive reading of s 37(1).

58 Without the benefit of full arguments and submissions on this point (given
the sudden manner in which it was raised), I decline to make any determination
in relation to the interpretation of s 37(1) but have highlighted these
potential considerations so that they may be properly addressed at the
appropriate time.

Conclusion

59 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the setting aside application and
will hear parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

