Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd _v_ Nordic International Ltd and others  
[2014] SGHC 132

Case Number| :| Suit No 1166 of 2013 (Summons No 1544 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 July 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  June Lim (Fortis Law Corporation) and Andrew Ho (Engelin
Teh Practice LLC) for the plaintiff; Joseph Tan and Joanna Poh (Legal
Solutions LLC) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd — Nordic International Ltd and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 108 of
2014 and Summons No 4987 of 2014 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 25
November 2014. See  [2014] SGCA 63.]

9 July 2014|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was the plaintiff’s application for summary judgment. Its prayer under
Summons No 1544 of 2014 read:

Let all parties concerned attend before the Court on the date and time to be
assigned for a hearing of an application by the Plaintiff for the following
order(s):

1\. Judgment be entered for the Plaintiff against the 1st and 2nd Defendants
declaring that:

a. The Plaintiff be at liberty to commence arbitration proceedings and/or any
other proceedings, as may be deemed necessary, in the name and on behalf of
the 1st Defendant against BGP GEOEXPLORER PTE LTD (RC No. 200515896M).

b. The plaintiff be authorised to control the conduct of any such proceedings
and/or any execution proceedings thereafter.

2\. Costs.

3\. Such further and/or other reliefs as this Honourable Court deems fit.

2 The plaintiff was a company incorporated in Hong Kong, in the business of
marine supply and logistics. The second defendant, a Norwegian national, was
habitually resident in Singapore. On 4 July 2007, Sinwa Limited, a company
incorporated in Singapore, and the second defendant entered into a
shareholders’ agreement (“the Agreement”) which set out the terms of the
parties’ joint venture involving the conversion of a fishing trawler into a
seismic survey vessel (“the Vessel”). The first defendant, a company
incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, was designated as the vehicle of
this joint venture. The first defendant owned the Vessel. Pursuant to the
Agreement, the second defendant, who originally owned all the shares in the
first defendant, sold half his shares to Sinwa Limited. On 28 August 2007, the
rights and obligations of Sinwa Limited under the Agreement were novated to
the plaintiff. The relevant portions of the Agreement are:

8.1 Parties agree that:-

8.1.1 all technical and economical matters relating to the operations and
management of the Vessel, and/or matters related to the time charter party
and/or matters related to the [third defendant] and end user TGSN, shall be
solely decided by the directors appointed by [the second defendant] (whose
decision shall be final);

8.1.2 all matters relating to the account and/or management and/or auditing of
the accounts and books and financing of the Vessel and/or matters relating to
the Credit Facilities shall be solely decided by the directors appointed by
[Sinwa Limited] (whose decision shall be final); and

8.1.3 save as aforesaid, all other decisions in respect of any other matters
shall carry the unanimous agreement of both parties.

…

11.1 For the purpose of this clause, a case of “deadlock” is deemed to have
arisen where:-

11.1.1 a matter requiring the unanimous approval of the Board has been
considered by a meeting of the Board and no resolution has been carried at
such meeting of the Board in relation to the matter by reason of a failure by
one or more director to vote in favour of such resolution; or

11.1.2 a matter requiring the unanimous approval of the shareholders has been
considered by the Parties and the Parties have failed to approve such matter.

11.2 In the case of any deadlock arising in the circumstances referred to in
clause 11.1 above, each shareholder shall within seven (7) days of such
deadlock having arisen or becoming apparent, cause its appointees on the Board
to prepare and circulate to a memorandum or other form of statement setting
out their position on the matter in dispute and their reasons for adopting
such a position. Each such memorandum or statement shall be considered by the
representative of each Party then holding office who shall respectively use
his reasonable endeavours to resolve such dispute. If they agree upon a
resolution or disposition of the matter, they shall jointly execute a
statement…

11.3 If a resolution or disposition is not agreed in accordance with the
provisions of clause 11.2 above within thirty (30) days after delivery of the
memorandum… then [the second defendant] may serve a written notice on [Sinwa
Limited] in respect of the relevant matter requiring [Sinwa Limited] to sell
its shares together with all its or their rights under any shareholders’ loan
to [the second defendant] at a price to be determined and certified by the
auditors as being the fair value of the shares at the date of service of such
notice based on the net asset value of [the first defendant] on such date…

…

16.2 All and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement,
including any question regarding the existence, validity or termination, shall
be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration at the Singapore
International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) in accordance with the Arbitration
Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC Rules”) for the
time being in force at the commencement of the arbitration, which rules are
deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause.

In the light of the novation, all references to “Sinwa Limited” should be read
as references to the plaintiff.

3 Meanwhile, in June 2007, the first defendant entered into a time charter
with the third defendant for the employment of the Vessel. The time charter
was for a fixed three-year period at a daily rate of US$37,000. Clause 17(a)
of the time charter read:

The Charterers shall have the option of subletting, assigning or loaning the
Vessel to any person or company not competing with the Owners, subject to the
Owners’ prior approval which shall not be unreasonably withheld, upon giving
notice in writing to the Owners, but the original Charterers shall always
remain responsible to the Owners for due performance of the Charter Party…

The third defendant had, earlier in December 2006, entered into an agreement
with TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company SA (“TGS”) to provide seismic acquisition
services (“the Seismic Agreement”).

4 Unbeknownst to the plaintiff, the second defendant had entered into an
agreement with the third defendant, TGS and Nordic Maritime Pte Ltd (“NMPL”)
on 23 August 2008 to assign the time charter to a company called Nordic Geo
Services Limited (“NGS”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of NMPL. The plaintiff
alleged that the second defendant controlled NMPL. In addition to this
agreement, the second defendant, the third defendant, NMPL, and TGS entered
into a memorandum of understanding, under which the third defendant was to
transfer to NMPL its rights and obligations in the time charter as well as in
the Seismic Agreement. The plaintiff only became aware of this agreement and
memorandum of understanding on 9 September 2008.

5 Shortly after, on 19 December 2008, TGS terminated the Seismic Agreement.
The effect was that the Vessel was largely laid-up for the remainder of the
three-year time charter period. The plaintiff took the view that, pursuant to
cl 17(a) of the time charter, the third defendant was (notwithstanding the
assignment to NGS) still liable to pay the outstanding charter fees. The
plaintiff calculated the outstanding fees owing from the third defendant to
the first defendant to have been US$29,411,379.57, inclusive of late interest.

6 In November 2009, the plaintiff, on behalf of the first defendant, commenced
arbitration proceedings against the third defendant for the recovery of the
outstanding fees (“BGP Arbitration”). The second defendant opposed this, and
on 7 January 2010, applied to the High Court (Originating Summons 22 of 2010)
to effectively restrain the BGP Arbitration. Justice Lai Siu Chiu found that
the case turned on the interpretation of cll 8.1.1 and 8.1.2 of the Agreement
(see _Morten Innhaug v Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd and others_ [2011] SGHC 20 at
[36]). She held that the matter of the assignment and memorandum of
understanding did not fall strictly within either cl 8.1.1 or 8.1.2, and as
such cl 8.1.3 came into play. The parties were obliged to come to a unanimous
decision on the matter. If the parties could not agree, pursuant to cl 16.2,
they were to proceed to arbitration. As such, she dismissed the second
defendant’s application.

7 Shortly after the decision of Justice Lai Siu Chiu, the third defendant
applied to the High Court (Originating Summons 650 of 2011) seeking an order
that the appointed arbitrator (in the BGP Arbitration) did not have
jurisdiction to act as the plaintiff did not have the requisite authority to
commence the arbitration proceedings. The High Court held in favour of the
third defendant and ordered that the arbitrator did not have jurisdiction.
Consequently, the BGP Arbitration was discontinued.

8 On 24 October 2011, a board of directors’ meeting of the first defendant was
convened to discuss possible proceedings against the third defendant. The
meeting ended in a deadlock. As such, on 9 January 2012, the second defendant
commenced arbitration proceedings (Singapore International Arbitration Centre
Arbitration No 4 of 2012) against the plaintiff, seeking to resolve this
deadlock. The arbitration proceedings were to be held in two stages. First,
the arbitrator would determine if there was a deadlock within meaning of the
Agreement. Second, the price at which the second defendant was to buyout the
plaintiff’s share would be determined.

9 On 1 October 2013, a partial award was made. The arbitrator found that a
deadlock had arisen, and that the plaintiff was to sell its shares to the
second defendant at a price to be assessed (in the second stage of
arbitration). Notwithstanding the decision of the arbitrator, the plaintiff
continued to pursue its arbitration efforts (on behalf of the first defendant)
against the third defendant. It was in this spirit that the plaintiff appeared
before me on 11 June 2014 seeking summary judgment. Having understood that the
partial award had already been made, and that the plaintiff was soon to sell
its stake in the first defendant, I made no order, without prejudice to a
fresh application.

10 Barring a breakdown in the ongoing arbitration proceedings between
plaintiff and second defendant, the plaintiff would soon likely have neither
any legal interest nor standing to pursue proceedings against the third
defendant on behalf of the first defendant. In fact, the second stage of
arbitration was already somewhat underway. When parties appeared before me,
they informed me that the valuation process was due to be completed by 31 July
2014. It was never the plaintiff’s case that the ongoing arbitration
proceedings or valuation were unfair. In fact, the avenue remains open to the
plaintiff to raise such arguments when it appears before the arbitrator for
the second stage of proceedings. Notwithstanding that, instead of shutting the
plaintiff out from the High Court, I gave it liberty to apply should it have
better evidence and arguments than it produced before me. There is no order in
this case upon which to appeal.

11 Nevertheless, the plaintiff has since appealed to the Court of Appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jul 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

