Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Nandakishor s/o Raj Pat Ahir _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 121

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 298/2012/01  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 June 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S.K. Kumar (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) for the
Appellant; Samuel Chua and Teo Lu Jia (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
Respondent  
Parties| :|  Nandakishor s/o Raj Pat Ahir — Public Prosecutor  
  
26 June 2014|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 The appellant, Nandakishor S/O Raj Pat Ahir (“the Appellant”), was charged
with an offence under s 8(_b_)(ii) and punishable under s 33A(2) of the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). He claimed trial to the charge
(commonly referred to as a “LT-2” or Long Term 2 charge) which attracted
enhanced punishment as he had already been convicted under s 33A(1) of the MDA
on 2 November 2006 on two drug consumption charges (“LT-1” or Long Term 1) as
a result of his drug-related antecedents. He was unrepresented and conducted
his own defence. The District Judge (“DJ”) convicted the Appellant on the LT-2
charge and sentenced him to seven years and six months’ imprisonment and six
strokes of the cane.

2 The Appellant filed a notice of appeal against the conviction. However, in
his petition of appeal, he stated that he was dissatisfied with the DJ’s
judgment on the ground that “the sentence is unreasonable”. As these documents
were filed by him before he had legal representation, I shall treat the appeal
as one against both conviction and sentence.

3 The dispute concerned how the variance of the results of urine tests
conducted under s 31(4)(_b_) of the MDA should be calculated. I heard the
parties on 16 May 2014. A similar issue arose in another matter (Originating
Summons No 991 of 2013 (“ _Zheng Jianxing v AG_ ” – grounds of decision have
been issued in that case at [2014] SGHC 120) that was scheduled for hearing on
26 May 2014. Mr S K Kumar, the Appellant’s counsel here, is also counsel for
the applicant in _Zheng Jianxing v AG._ I therefore reserved judgment in this
appeal pending the determination of _Zheng Jianxing v AG_. The parties
attended before me again on 26 May 2014 immediately after the hearing in
_Zheng Jianxing v AG_. At that hearing, I dismissed the appeal against
conviction and sentence. I now set out the grounds for my decision.

Undisputed Facts

4 The Appellant was arrested on 17 July 2011 and brought to Bedok Police
Divisional Headquarters where he provided two bottles of his urine specimen.
On 18 July 2011, the bottles containing his urine specimen were sent to the
Health Sciences Authority (“HSA") for analysis under s 31(4)(_b_) of the MDA.
Mr Ong Rui Shen (“Mr Ong”) and Ms Leong Huey Sze (“Ms Leong”), Analysts with
the Analytical Toxicology Laboratory of HSA, analysed the Appellant’s urine
specimen. On 22 August 2011, Mr Ong issued a certificate pursuant to s 16 of
the MDA stating that the urine sample he analysed was found to contain 564
nanograms of monoacetylmorphine per ml of urine. On the same day, Ms Leong
also issued a certificate pursuant to s 16 of the MDA stating that the urine
sample she analysed was found to contain 731 nanograms of monoacetylmorphine
per ml of urine. Monoacetylmorphine is a specified drug listed in the Fourth
Schedule of the MDA.

Findings of the District Judge in the Trial below

5 At trial, the Prosecution’s case was that monoacetylmorphine was found in
the Appellant’s urine specimen because he had consumed diamorphine in
contravention of s 8(_b_) of the MDA. The Appellant’s defence was that his
urine samples tested positive for monoacetylmorphine because he had consumed
several types of medication namely, “Dhasedyl DM” (which contains
Dextromethorphan), “Panaco” and “Tramadol” (“the medication defence”). The
Appellant also argued that the variation in the amount of monoacetylmorphine
that was found in each of his two urine samples showed that the HSA analyses
were “inaccurate”.[note: 1]

6 The Prosecution called Dr Lui Chi Pang (“Dr Lui”), a Senior Consultant
Forensic Scientist with HSA, and Mr Ong to give evidence on the Appellant’s
urine sample analysis as well as to provide expert opinion on the effects of
consumption of “Dhasedyl DM”, “Panaco” and “Tramadol”. Dr Lui and Mr Ong
testified that consumption of any or all of the three medications would not
have given rise to presence of monoacetylmorphine in the Appellant’s urine
samples.[note: 2] Mr Ong testified that only the consumption of diamorphine
would have given rise to monoacetylmorphine being found in the Appellant’s
urine specimen.[note: 3] The Appellant did not adduce any expert evidence to
dispute these scientific conclusions of the two HSA experts.

7 Mr Ong also gave evidence that there will be variations between test results
as urine is a biological specimen and the detection of drugs in urine requires
a multiple step procedure.[note: 4] He testified that in the present case, the
variance of the results of the urine tests was 12%.[note: 5] He stated that
this was well within the internationally accepted 20% limit for urine drug
analyses.[note: 6]

8 The DJ held that the statutory presumption of consumption under s 22 of the
MDA was triggered because of the two HSA certificates which stated that
monoacetylmorphine was found in both of the Appellant’s urine samples.[note:
7] Therefore the burden shifted to the Appellant to rebut the presumption that
he had consumed the specified drug without authorisation.[note: 8] The DJ
accepted the evidence of the HSA experts and found that the consumption of
either one or a combination of the three types of medication would not, as
claimed by the Appellant, result in the presence of monoacetylmorphine in his
urine specimen.[note: 9] Accordingly, she rejected the Appellant’s medication
defence, held that he had failed to rebut the presumption of consumption[note:
10] and convicted him.[note: 11]

9 The Prosecution submitted that the Appellant should be given a sentence that
is higher than the mandatory minimum because he had claimed trial and hence
the mitigating factor of an early plea of guilt was absent. Further, he had
shown himself to be unremorseful by maintaining the constituent facts of his
medication defence in his mitigation plea.[note: 12] As mentioned earlier, the
DJ sentenced the Appellant to seven years and six months’ imprisonment and six
strokes of the cane. The mandatory minimum sentence prescribed by the MDA for
the Appellant’s offence is seven years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the
cane.

Appeal against Conviction

10 The Appellant’s only contention on appeal was that the formula used to
calculate the variance of the results of the urine tests was incorrect. He
contended that if the correct formula had been used, it would have shown that
the variance was 26%. He submitted that the Prosecution could not rely on the
results of the urine tests since the variance was beyond the internationally
accepted 20% limit. Without the urine test results, the presumption of
consumption in s 22 of the MDA was not triggered and therefore he should be
acquitted.

11 In order for the Appellant to succeed in having his conviction set aside,
he has to show that:

(a) the variance of the results of the urine tests was 26%; and

(b) the prosecution cannot rely on the results of urine tests where the
variance is higher than 20% for the purpose of triggering the presumption of
consumption in s 22 of the MDA.

12 The method of calculating the variance of the results of the urine tests
submitted by the Appellant is as follows (see paras 6 and 7 of his written
submissions dated 15 May 2014):

6 Our calculations are as follows:-

First the average of the readings is

564 + 731 = 1295 ÷ 2 = 647.5

Second we take the first reading of 564 and divide it with the average

564 ÷ 647.5 = 0.87

Third we take the 2nd reading of 731 ÷ 647.5 = 1.13 (corrected to the nearest
decimal point)

Fourthly the difference 1.13 - 0.87 = 0.26 x 100 = 26%.

7 This, in our humble submission, correctly reflects the average of the
results which is the mean average. A simple understanding of the average mean
is to add up all the numbers and divide by how many numbers there are.

13 The Appellant did not produce any scientific authority to explain how he
had arrived at this method of calculating the variance. Instead, he submitted
that this method “has been tested in previous cases and one such case before
Your Honour is Tan Yong Beng’s case”.

14 In _Public Prosecutor v Tan Yong Beng_ (DAC 14343/96; unreported judgment
dated 27 January 1997) (_“Tan Yong Beng_ ”), Dr Lee Tong Kooi (“Dr Lee”), who
was then the Head of the Narcotics Laboratory, Department of Scientific
Services (“DSS”), testified that the variance of the results of the urine
tests in that case was 39%. In _Tan Yong Beng_ , District Judge S Thyagarajan
stated at [4] that the urine sample tested by one DSS officer was found to
contain 500.4 micrograms of morphine per 5 ml of urine and that the other
sample tested by another DSS officer was found to contain 739.8 micrograms of
morphine per 5 ml of urine. Based on the concentration levels of morphine
found in the two urine analyses, the Appellant’s method of calculating the
variance would yield the approximately 39% variance that was put forward by Dr
Lee.

15 However, _Tan Yong Beng_ offers no guidance on how Dr Lee arrived at his
conclusion that the variance was 39%. District Judge S Thyagarajan summarised
the evidence of Dr Lee at [5] of his grounds of decision. I reproduce this
paragraph in its entirety to highlight that the evidence that was led at trial
related predominantly to the causes of the high variance and not how that
variance was calculated.

Dr Lee Tong Kooi, the Head of the Narcotics Laboratory, Department of
Scientific Services, testified for the Prosecution. With reference to the
different concentrations of morphine in the two urine specimens taken from the
accused he said that there was a 39% variation and that it was outside the
acceptable range. According to him 10% to 20% variation is acceptable as
normal assuming everything else was equal. He explained that 10% to 20%
variation is allowed because of experimental or biological factors. When asked
to explain the 39% difference in the present case he said that one possible
factor would be the time of collection of the urine specimens. If they were
collected at different times different concentrations can result. Another
factor will be the presence of water in the bottles if they had been washed
but not drained after the wash. Water can dilute the urine specimens and yield
different results. He also said that if excess water from the bottles had been
drained off after washing but the bottles were not dried the concentration of
morphine should not differ. He testified that under the Misuse of Drugs (Urine
Specimens and Urine Tests) Regulations 1990 there was provision for washing
the bottles but there was no provision for wiping them dry with a cloth after
they had been washed. To the question asked by the Defence Counsel whether any
impurity in the cloth or rag that was used to dry the bottles could contribute
to the presence of morphine as well as the difference in its concentration in
the specimens Dr Lee answered that if the cloth contained morphine and it was
used to wipe the bottle it is possible that some of the contents of the cloth
would be transferred to the bottle. He went on to say that the concentration
of morphine that was being measured was a very small quantity because the
concentration was in micrograms. One microgram he said would be the same as
106 grams or 0.000001 grams. If the cloth had in fact been used to wipe urine
that contained a high concentration of morphine or if the cloth contained
heroin powder, the kind of concentrations reported in the present case by Dr
Lau Ching Ong and Ann Young would be possible. Dr Lee’s answers to the
following questions by Counsel are also significant:

NOTES OF EVIDENCE

PAGE 23

CROSS-EXAMINATION OF DR LAU CHING ONG

Q:By drying the bottles with a piece of cloth would you say the proper
procedure in taking urine sample was not complied with?

A:I leave it to the court.

Q:Presence of morphine and difference in concentration could have been due to
the cloth?

A:If the cloth was ‘contaminated’ as explained before, it is possible the
presence of morphine and the actual concentration could be due to that.

Q:How can you explain the 39% variation in the concentrations in this case?

A:External factors can explain this. If the external factors I have mentioned
_ie_ different times of taking the sample and dilution are ruled out, then I
don’t know what is causing the variation. The variation is outside the
acceptable limits.

16 With this evidence, District Judge S Thyagarajan held that the variance of
39% in the urine specimens was “almost double what it should be”. He noted
that Dr Lee had acknowledged the possibility of contamination of the contents
of the bottles by the rag or cloth that was used to wipe the bottles. He ruled
that the presumption in s 22 MDA did not arise if the urine tests were
unreliable. Accordingly, he acquitted the accused in that case without calling
upon his defence.

17 In _Tan Yong Beng_ , Dr Lee did not explain the method he used to calculate
the variance. Apparently, it was calculated in the way suggested by the
Appellant in the present case (see [12] above). However, this would contradict
the scientific literature and practice.

18 The Prosecution produced the Forensic Toxicology Laboratory Guidelines –
2006 (published by the Society of Forensic Toxicologists and the Toxicology
Section of the American Academy of Forensic Sciences) (“Forensic Toxicology
Laboratory Guidelines”) and referred to para 8.3.9 of the said guidelines
which states:

It is recognized that for a variety of reasons occasional analytical results
will be outliers; that is, analytical values which deviate significantly and
spuriously from the true value. “Outlier” results of control, blanks or
calibrators should be obvious. However outlier results of case specimens may
not be identified if only run singly, unless that result can be compared with
one from a separate analytical determination. For this reason replicate
extraction and quantitative analysis, at least in duplicate, is recommended.
The laboratory should determine the acceptable criteria for replicate
analysis. A maximum deviation of ±20% of the mean is recommended.

19 This explains why two separate tests on urine specimens are done and that
the variance of the results of the urine tests refers to _each_ test result’s
deviation from the mean of all the results obtained, calculated as a
percentage of the mean (see also _Zheng Jianxing v AG_ at [17] and [18] of the
grounds of decision there for an example of how the computation is done). The
Prosecution submitted that the correct method of calculating the variance
should be as follows:

Step 1: Obtain the mean (or average) of the results of the urine tests.

Step 2: Calculate the value by which each test result deviates from the mean.

Step 3: Divide the value obtained in Step 2 by the mean and multiply it by
100%. This is the percentage of variance.

In my view, this accords with the scientific literature and with logic and is
the correct method. The method espoused by the Appellant (at [12] above) adds
both test results’ deviation from the mean together. This amounts to double-
counting which is incorrect. It is also interesting to note that Mr S K Kumar
in _Zheng Jianxing v AG_ adopted the method put forward by the Prosecution in
this case. His response to this contradiction in approach was that it was not
clear which method of computation was the correct one since Dr Lee, the then
Head of the Narcotics Laboratory, did not challenge the calculation of the
variance at 39% in _Tan Yong Beng._ He also submitted that the Prosecution had
not cited any authority to show that its method is the only method or is the
superior one. However, I reiterate that the method apparently used in _Tan
Yong Beng_ and which is relied upon by the Appellant here is incorrect as both
deviations from the mean are added together.

20 Applying this formula to the results of the urine tests in the present
case, the variance of each result is nearly 12.9%. This is within the range
considered to be acceptable by the Forensic Toxicology Laboratory Guidelines.
The Appellant’s only ground of appeal against conviction was predicated on his
contention that the variance was higher than 20%. For the reasons canvassed
above, this contention was obviously erroneous. I therefore dismissed his
appeal against conviction.

21 In respect of the second issue mentioned in [11](b) above, whether the
prosecution can invoke s 22 MDA by relying on the results of urine tests where
the variance from the mean is more than 20%, I repeat my opinion expressed in
[32] of _Zheng Jianxing_.

Appeal against Sentence

22 The Court of Appeal stated in _Public Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 684 at [13] – [16] that sentencing is a complex discretionary process
and an appellate court should only interfere with a sentence meted out by the
trial judge where it is satisfied that:

(a) the trial judge had made the wrong decision as to the proper factual
matrix for sentence;

(b) the trial judge had erred in appreciating the material before him;

(c) the sentence was wrong in principle; or

(d) the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive, or manifestly inadequate.

23 In the present case, the Appellant did not make any written submissions
concerning the sentence. Mr S K Kumar submitted orally that the minimum
sentence provided in the MDA was “already very harsh” and that the Appellant
was merely putting forward the medication defence at the trial. The
Prosecution responded by saying that the Appellant raised no mitigation before
the DJ and remained unremorseful even after his conviction. He was also a
recalcitrant drug offender since 1994 when he was about 22 years old.

24 In my view, with the Appellant’s drug-related antecedents dating back to
1994 (when he was convicted by a military court) and in the absence of
mitigating factors in his favour, it can hardly be said that an imprisonment
term of six months above the mandatory minimum sentence prescribed by the MDA
is manifestly excessive. As there were no grounds to interfere with the
sentence meted out by the DJ, I dismissed the appeal against sentence as well.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings at p 43, lines 6 – 8

[note: 2]Record of Proceedings at p 32, lines 10 – 12; p 28, lines 28 – 29; p
29, lines 11 – 12, p 38, lines 3 – 6; p 40, lines 24 – 26 and p 40, lines 28 –
29

[note: 3]Record of Proceedings at p 34, lines 8 – 10

[note: 4]Record of Proceedings at p 36, lines 2 – 22

[note: 5]Record of Proceedings at p 36, line 32

[note: 6]Record of Proceedings at p 36, lines 25 – 26

[note: 7]Grounds of Decision (Record of Proceedings at pp 66 – 83) (“GD”) at
[32]

[note: 8]GD at [32]

[note: 9]GD at [34]

[note: 10]GD at [36]

[note: 11]GD at [36]

[note: 12]Record of Proceedings at p 64, lines 14 – 23

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jun 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

