Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Koh Peng Kiat and another Appeal  
[2014] SGHC 174

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 144 of 2013/01/02  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 September 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Francis Ng and Suhas Malhotra (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the Appellant in the appeal and for the Respondent in the cross
appeal; Peter Ong Lip Cheng (Templars Law LLC) for the Respondent in the
appeal and the Appellant in the cross appeal.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Koh Peng Kiat  
  
5 September 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 These two magistrate’s appeals arise from the District Court’s decision in
_PP v Koh Peng Kiat_ [2013] SGDC 244. The first magistrate’s appeal, MA 144 of
2013/01 is the Public Prosecutor’s appeal against sentence. The second, MA 144
of 2013/02, is a cross appeal by Koh Peng Kiat against conviction. Koh is an
Optometrist. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Optometry from the University
of Cardiff and a Diploma in Optometry from the Singapore Polytechnic. He
operates a business known as Eye Cottage Pte Ltd that sells glasses and
contact lenses. The business has a branch each at Stirling Road, Purmei Road
and Redhill Close.

2 After a ten day trial, the District Judge convicted Koh on 14 charges. The
first two are charges under s 49(_c_) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005
Rev Ed) (“TMA”) read with s 107(_c_) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)
for abetting by intentionally aiding persons to have in their possession for
the purpose of trade, boxes of contact lenses to which the registered trade
mark “FRESHLOOK COLORBLENDS” had been falsely applied. CIBA Vision is the
registered proprietor of this trade mark. Section 49(_c_) of the TMA states:

**Importing or selling, etc., goods with falsely applied trade mark**

**49.** Any person who —

…

(_c_) has in his possession for the purpose of trade or manufacture,

any goods to which a registered trade mark is falsely applied shall, unless he
proves that —

(i) having taken all reasonable precautions against committing an offence
under this section, he had, at the time of the commission of the alleged
offence, no reason to suspect the genuineness of the mark and on demand made
by or on behalf of the prosecution, he gave all the information in his power
with respect to the persons from whom he obtained the goods; or

(ii) he had acted innocently,

be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $10,000 for each goods or thing to which the trade mark is falsely
applied (but not exceeding in the aggregate $100,000) or to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding 5 years or to both.

Section 107(_c_) of the Penal Code states:

**Abetment of the doing of a thing**

**107.** A person abets the doing of a thing who —

…

(_c_) intentionally aids, by any act or illegal omission, the doing of that
thing.

_Explanation 2._ – Whoever, either prior to or at the time of the commission
of an act, does anything in order to facilitate the commission thereof, is
said to aid the doing of that act.

[Explanation 1 and Illustration omitted]

Section 109 of the Penal Code provides as follows:

**Punishment of abetment if the act abetted is committed in consequence, and
where no express provision is made for its punishment**

**109.** Whoever abets any offence shall, if the act abetted is committed in
consequence of the abetment, and no express provision is made by this Code for
the punishment of such abetment, be punished with the punishment provided for
the offence.

[Explanation and Illustrations omitted]

3 The first charge alleges that Koh abetted the offence by intentionally
aiding Neo Teck Soon to have in his possession for the purpose of trade 100
boxes of these counterfeit contact lenses. The second alleges that Koh abetted
the offence by intentionally aiding Wong Chow Fatt to have in his possession
for the purpose of trade 30 boxes of counterfeit contact lenses.

4 The remaining 12 charges are under s 16(1)(_b_) of the Health Products Act
(Cap 122D, 2008 Rev Ed) (“HPA”) for arranging to supply counterfeit contact
lenses purporting to be Freshlook ColorBlends lenses. The relevant portions of
s 16 of the HPA state:

**Prohibition against supply of health products that are adulterated,
counterfeits, etc.**

**16.** —(1) No person shall supply, or procure or arrange for the supply of,
any health product which is —

…

(_b_) a counterfeit health product;

…

(2) Any person who contravenes subsection (1) shall be guilty of an offence
and shall be liable on conviction —

…

(_b_) in the case of an offence under subsection (1)(_a_), (_b_) or (_c_), to
a fine not exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3
years or to both.

(3) In any proceedings for an offence under subsection (1), it shall be a
defence for the accused to prove that —

(_a_) he —

(i) did not know;

(ii) had no reason to believe; and

(iii) could not, with reasonable diligence, have ascertained,

that the health product was in contravention of that subsection; and

(_b_) he had taken all such precautions and exercised all such due diligence
as could reasonably be expected of him in the circumstances to ensure that the
health product did not contravene that subsection.

5 The first 6 charges under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA allege that Koh arranged
to supply Neo with a total of 100 pairs of counterfeit contact lenses. The
other 6 allege that Koh had supplied Wong with a total of 30 pairs of
counterfeit contact lenses. All 14 charges allege that the counterfeit contact
lenses came from one Ah Seng, who has not been found.

6 Koh was fined $38,000 (in default 5 months and 18 months imprisonment). This
is the sum total of the following:

(a) a $20,000 fine (in default 5 months imprisonment) for the first charge;

(b) a $6,000 fine (in default 6 weeks imprisonment) for the second charge;

(c) a $1,000 fine (in default 1 week imprisonment) for each of the twelve
charges under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA.

7 I will first consider Koh’s appeal against conviction. Koh’s lawyer made the
following arguments in respect of the first two charges:

(a) the offence under s 49(_c_) of the TMA is not strict in liability;

(b) these two charges do not stand as Neo and Wong were not in possession of
counterfeit lenses from Ah Seng;

(c) Koh did not abet by intentionally aiding Neo and Wong in committing an
offence under s 49(_c_) of the TMA; and

(d) Koh has valid defences under provisos (i) and (ii) to s 49 of the TMA.

In respect of the remaining twelve charges under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA,
Koh’s lawyer submitted that: (1) the offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA is
not strict in liability; and (2) there is insufficient evidence that Koh
arranged for the supply of counterfeit contact lenses from Ah Seng to Neo and
Wong.

8 In _Cigar Affair v Pacific Cigar Co_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 633, Woo J held that an
offence under s 49 of the TMA may be established “without the _mens rea_ and
it is for the accused person to satisfy either of the [defences stated in the
provisos to s 49 of the TMA]” (at [13]). The court there rejected the argument
by the applicant that a person had to have the requisite _mens rea_ before he
could be guilty of an offence under s 49 of the TMA. I am in agreement with
that view. Although there is a presumption that _mens rea_ is a necessary
ingredient of every statutory provision creating an offence, this presumption
can be rebutted (_Gammon (Hong Kong) Ltd v Attorney-General of Hong Kong_
[1985] AC 1 at 14; _PP v Teo Kwang Kiang_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 560). Section
49(_c_) of the TMA does not state that _mens rea_ is an element of the
offence; but rather, it provides that the accused has to prove that he has
taken all reasonable precautions or that he had acted innocently. An accused
can also argue that a general defence under Chapter IV of the Penal Code
applies as those defences apply to other criminal statutes.

9 I reject the argument made by Koh’s lawyer that the two charges under s
49(_c_) of the TMA do not stand as Neo and Wong were not in possession of
counterfeit lenses from Ah Seng. Both Neo and Wong, who pleaded guilty earlier
in separate criminal proceedings, both testified that they received the
counterfeit contact lenses from Ah Seng, and that they sold it to other
optical shops later on. But I accept the following arguments by Koh’s lawyer:
(1) Koh did not abet by intentionally aiding Neo and Wong in committing an
offence under s 49(_c_) of the TMA; and (2) Koh has valid defences under
provisos (i) and (ii) to s 49 of the TMA.

10 The Prosecution says Koh is guilty of abetting by intentional aiding as he
put both Neo and Wong in contact with Ah Seng and told them of the business
opportunity to buy contact lenses from Ah Seng. In respect of Wong, Koh even
allowed one of his shops to be used to store the counterfeit contact lenses
that were later collected by Wong. But this is insufficient to amount to
abetment by intentional aiding. Koh might have facilitated the commission of
the offences by Ah Seng, there is no evidence that he knew that the contact
lenses in question were counterfeit. There are two conflicting authorities
from India on whether an accused must have knowledge to be convicted of a
charge of abetment. The Bombay High Court in _State of Maharashtra v Abdul
Aziz AIR_ 1962 Bom 243 held an accused can be convicted for abetment in
absence of knowledge on his part. The Supreme Court of India in _Kartar Singh
v State of Punjab_ (1994) 3 SCC 569 (“ _Kartar Singh_ ”) held otherwise. I am
not bound by either of these decisions, but I am prepared to follow _Kartar
Singh_ and the commentary in _Criminal Law in Malaysia and Singapore_
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2012) at [34.23] by Stanley Yeo, Neil Morgan and Chan
Wing Cheong:

It is submitted that abetment in all cases should require proof of an
intention or knowledge on the part of the abettor that the offence will be
committed even if the main offence itself does not require it. The minimum
requirement of knowledge is also found in s 113 of the Penal Code where the
fault element of the abettor is satisfied by proof of an intention or
knowledge that the offence will be committed. This will ensure that the scope
of liability for abetment will be limited to those who are most culpable. Take
for example D who is charged for instigating A to sell food that is unfit for
human consumption. D should only be held liable for the offence if he or she,
at the minimum, knew that the food was indeed unfit for human consumption.

11 Koh also raised a valid defence under proviso (i) to s 49 of the TMA. There
are three elements in the defence under proviso (i) to s 49 of the TMA. They
are: (1) the accused had taken all reasonable precautions against committing
an offence under s 49 of the TMA; (2) that at the time of the alleged offence,
the accused had no reason to suspect the genuineness of the mark; and (3) that
on demand by or on behalf of the Prosecution, the accused gave all the
information in his power with respect to the persons from whom he obtained the
goods or things (_Trade Facilities Pte Ltd and others v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 7
(“ _Trade Facilities_ ”) at [59]). The third element is not relevant here as
there was no such demand for information made by or on behalf of the
Prosecution (_PP v Tan Lay Heong and another_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 504 (“ _Tan Lay
Heong_ ”) at [58]). (1) and (2) are distinct elements, but they are
inextricably connected and must be read conjunctively (_Tan Lay Heong_ at [67]
– [68]). The High Court in _Tan Lay Heong_ held (at [68]):

Thus, if there is initially reason to suspect the genuineness of the mark,
more precautions will be required, so much so that after the necessary
precautions have been taken, there must no longer be any reason to suspect its
genuineness.

Determining whether (1) and (2) are proved is a question of fact to be decided
having regard to all the circumstances of the case (_Tan Lay Heong_ at [69]).

12 The District Judge took into account two main considerations in finding
that the defence under proviso (i) to s 49 of the TMA is not satisfied:

(a) Koh only had a short period of acquaintance with Ah Seng and did not know
much about him. As an optometrist, Koh is expected to ascertain the source of
the contact lenses and should have checked with CIBA Vision (at [26]); and

(b) The price of the contact lenses purchased from Ah Seng (at $8 per box in
the case of Wong and $10 per box in the case of Neo) were well below the
market price of $22 per box. Even during promotions, the price of one box
contact lenses is still above $10 (at [27]).

On appeal, the Prosecution submits the following: (1) Koh “must have known
that Ah Seng, someone whom he admitted to having met only once and who was
selling contact lenses at very cheap prices, was probably not getting his
stock from Ciba Vision”; and (2) “under such circumstances, [Koh] ought at the
very least to have made enquiries with CIBA Vision about the contact lenses
that Ah Seng was peddling for sale instead of linking him up with Wong and
Neo”.

13 With respect, I do not agree with the reasons given by the District Judge.
I am of the view that it is unsafe to convict Koh on the evidence before the
court. Koh may have known Ah Seng for only a short period and knew little of
his background, but there was no reason for Koh to suspect that the contact
lenses were counterfeit and thereby contact CIBA Vision. Nor can it be the
case, in the absence of evidence of a market practice, that optometrists are
expected to check all purchases of contact lenses with registered proprietors.
It is not useful to set a base price to determine whether the contact lenses
are counterfeit. This is because prices of contact lenses vary and large
discounts are given for bulk purchases. The prosecution’s witnesses, who are
in the contact lenses industry, gave evidence to that effect. PW3 (Mr Ng Cheng
Peow) said he bought contact lenses for as cheap as $12 per box before even
though the market price is $22 per box. PW1 (Ms Goh Pek Joo) testified that
she bought contact lenses at $13 per box. PW14 (Ms Angelina Wee Hwee Lin) said
she bought contact lenses for $13.20 per box. Even so, such evidence is
anecdotal and can hardly be representative.

14 Proviso (ii) to s 49 of the TMA was not addressed by the District Judge,
nor raised by the defence in the District Court. On appeal, it was raised by
parties, though not comprehensively. The only decision cited by the parties is
_Trade Facilities_ (see above: [11]). But that decision is of limited
assistance. It held that the circumstances indicating a defence under proviso
(i) to s 49 of the TMA may be used (under proviso (ii)), and that additional
facts can turn an incomplete defence under proviso (i) into a defence under
proviso (ii) (at [92]). The court in _Trade Facilities_ did not say what those
additional facts were, save for one: an accused can be said to have “acted
innocently” if he does not take all reasonable precautions because none could
be taken (at [93]). According to the court, the fact pattern in _R v S Ebata_
[1938] MLJ 46 (“ _S Ebata_ ”) is an example on point. In _S Ebata_ , the
appellant, an importer of socks, was charged for under s 12 of the Merchandise
Marks Ordinance (the precursor to s 49 of the TMA) for importing socks with a
counterfeit trade mark. The court found that no reasonable precautions could
be taken as the appellant could not check the goods until he accepted delivery
of the goods by handing in the bill of lading. But by accepting the delivery
of the goods, the offence of importing would be complete. In the absence of
comprehensive submissions and in the light of my finding that a defence under
proviso (i) to s 49 of the TMA is made out, I need not consider whether the
defence under proviso (ii) is made out.

15 I now consider the 12 charges under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA. Unlike s 49 of
the TMA, there are no cases on point for s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA. An offence
under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA is also strict in liability. The wording of s
16(1)(_b_) of the HPA does not provide for _mens rea_ as an element of an
offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA. The accused has to avail himself of
either of the defences provided under s 16(3) of the HPA. I do not accept the
Prosecution’s submission that Parliament intended s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA to
be strict in liability. The Prosecution relies on the following statements
made by the Minister for Health, Mr Khaw Boon Wan, to contend that Parliament
intended an offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA to be strict in liability.
During the Second Reading of the Health Products Bill (Bill No 3 of 2007)
(_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (12 February 2007) vol 82
at cols 1262 – 1296), the Minister said:

There is a need to regulate some of these new [health] products to protect
public safety. First, we need to prohibit such products from containing
harmful substances, at the very least. Second, we need to evaluate the more
complicated health products for their quality and effectiveness. Third, we
need an effective post-marketing surveillance programme to detect any problems
early. But we need to regulate them in a practical manner given the wide
diversity and different risk profile.

The Minister also specifically singled-out counterfeit products as being
particularly dangerous:

Items like counterfeit medicines, which might not contain the essential life-
saving drugs they are supposed to contain, or traditional medicines that have
been adulterated with potent drugs, are especially dangerous. They threaten
public health, and we have singled them out to make clear that we take such
offences seriously.

16 These statements only go as far as to state that the HPA seeks to establish
a regulatory framework for the regulation of health products to safeguard
public health and safety. They do not demonstrate a legislative intent in
making an offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA strict in liability.

17 I find that it is unsafe to convict Koh for the twelve charges under s
16(1)(_b_) of the HPA. This is because the District Judge convicted Koh after
rejecting his defence for the same reasons he did for the first two charges of
abetment by intentional aiding. Those reasons, as I have explained, do not
adequately prove the prosecution’s case.

18 Accordingly, I allow the cross appeal against conviction. As the
convictions for the fourteen charges do not stand, I need not deal with the
appeal by the Public Prosecutor against sentence. The prosecution’s appeal is
therefore dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Sep 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

