Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Australian and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd _v_ Joseph Shihara Rukshan De
Saram  
[2014] SGHC 250

Case Number| :| Suit No 1029 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 106 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 November 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Toh Wei Yi and Lee Hui Min (Harry Elias Partnership LLP)
for the plaintiff; Gopal Perumal (Gopal Perumal & Co) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Australian and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd — Joseph Shihara
Rukshan De Saram  
  
27 November 2014|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This action involved two residential property term loan agreements dated 9
June 2010 and 12 October 2010 respectively (“the Facility Agreements”). By the
Facility Agreements, the plaintiff bank, Australian and New Zealand Banking
Group Limited (“the Bank”), granted loans to the defendant borrower, Joseph
Shihara Rukshan De Saram (“the Borrower”). The Borrower subsequently defaulted
on interest payments due under the Facility Agreements and the Bank terminated
the Facility Agreements on 10 September 2012. The Bank sued to recover monies
due and owing from the Borrower.

2 On 14 March 2014, the Bank successfully obtained summary judgment against
the Borrower. The Assistant Registrar (“AR”) who heard the Bank’s application
for summary judgment (_vide_ Summons No 2166 of 2013) ordered the Borrower to
pay the following Judgment sums together with contractual interest, default
fees and legal costs on a full indemnity basis:

(i) The sum of HK$4,043,424,75;

(ii) The sum of AU$ 480,862.92;

(iii) The sum of US$1,350.00;

(iv) Interest that continues to accrue on the principal sum of HK$3,994,239.20
under Facility 1 at the rate of 1.9017% per annum from 5 December 2012 till
the date of full payment;

(v) Interest that continues to accrue on the principal sum of AU$464,000 under
Facility 2 at the rate of 4.8454% per annum from 5 December 2012 till the date
of full payment;

(vi) Default fees in respect of Facilities 1 and 2 that continues to accrue
from 5 December 2012 until the date of full payment; and

(vii) Costs in the sum of $32,000 (inclusive of reasonable disbursements).

3 The Borrower filed Registrar’s Appeal No 106 of 2014 (“RA 106”) to appeal
against the AR’s decision. I dismissed the Borrower’s appeal at the conclusion
of the hearing on 25 July 2014. I also ordered costs of the appeal to be fixed
at $7,000. In addition, I declined to stay execution of the summary judgment
in the Bank’s favour pending trial of the Borrower’s Counterclaim.

4 The Borrower has appealed against my decision. I now give my grounds of
decision for dismissing RA 106.

Facts underling the dispute

The First Loan Facility

5 By a facility letter dated 7 May 2010, the Bank offered to grant the
Borrower a Residential Property Term Loan Facility. The Borrower accepted the
facility on 9 June 2010 (“Facility 1”). The Bank’s standard terms and
conditions (“T&C”) were also incorporated into Facility 1.[note: 1]

6 Clause 3 of Facility 1 allowed for funds to be drawn down by the Borrower
through the form of a single currency (Australian Dollar) or cross currency
(Australian Dollar and Hong Kong Dollar) loan. If the Borrower opted for a
single currency loan, he could draw down a maximum sum of AU$668,000. If he
opted for a cross currency loan instead, the total amount he could draw down
was limited to a maximum sum of AU$584,500 or its equivalent in Hong Kong
Dollars at the prevailing exchange rate two banking days before the date of
the draw down.[note: 2] In either case, the maximum sum must be drawn down in
one tranche within six months from the date of Facility 1.

7 Clause 8 of the Facility 1 provided that the interest periods applicable to
the loan facility would be of a duration of either one month or three months
subject to any variation by the Bank. Under cl 9 of Facility 1, the interest
rate in respect of each interest period was fixed at 1.25% per annum over the
Bank’s cost of funds which is the cost the Bank would incur in raising
deposits for an amount comparable to the loan or any part thereof and in the
currency of the loan and for a term equivalent to the relevant interest period
in the Singapore interbank market (“the Cost of Funds”).[note: 3] This Cost of
Funds would be quoted by the Bank on the second business day before the
commencement of each interest period. Clause 9 also provided that interest was
payable by the Borrower to the Bank on the last day of each interest
period.[note: 4]

8 Under cl 12 of Facility 1, the loan facility was secured by, _inter alia_ ,
a mortgage over 127-129B Brisbane Street, Berwick, Victoria, Australia (“the
First Property”). The Bank, pursuant to cl 14 of Facility 1, was entitled to
rely on its own assessment of the value of the security pledged by the
Borrower under cl 12 in determining the loan/security ratio.[note: 5]

9 A default is defined under cl 5(a)(i) of the T&C to include any failure to
make payment for any sum payable when due, such as interest. Clause 5(b) of
the T&C entitled the Bank to, upon any such default, terminate Facility 1 and
demand for immediate repayment of all amounts owed by the Borrower to it under
Facility 1.[note: 6]

10 On 9 July 2010, the Borrower drew down the maximum sum of HK$3,994,239.20
(the equivalent of AU$584,500 at the relevant exchange rate) as a cross
currency loan pursuant to cl 3 of Facility 1.[note: 7]

The Second Loan Facility

11 By a facility letter dated 11 October 2011, the Bank offered to grant the
Borrower a second Residential Property Term Loan Facility. The Borrower
accepted the facility on 12 October 2010 (“Facility 2”). The Bank’s T&C was
also incorporated into Facility 2.[note: 8] According to the Borrower’s e-mail
dated 14 September 2010 to the Bank, Facility 2 was intended to finance the
purchase of a property known as 13 Fritzlaff Court, Berwick, Victoria,
Australia (“the Second Property”).

12 The terms of Facility 2 were largely in _pari materia_ with the terms of
Facility 1. The only material differences were in relation to cll 3 and 12 of
Facility 2. Clause 3 of Facility 2 allowed the Borrower to draw down a maximum
sum of AU$464,000 as a single currency loan or a maximum sum of AU$406,500 (or
its equivalent in Hong Kong Dollars) as a cross currency loan.[note: 9] Under
cl 12, Facility 2 was secured by, _inter alia_ , a mortgage of the Second
Property.[note: 10]

13 On or about 15 October 2010, the Borrower drew down the maximum sum of
AU$464,000 as a single currency loan pursuant to cl 3 of Facility 2.[note: 11]

The Borrower’s breaches of the Facility Agreements

14 Pursuant to cl 8 of the Facility Agreements, the interest period applicable
to each loan facility was set at three months. According to the Bank, and this
was not disputed by the Borrower, there were various occasions where the
Borrower was late in making interest payments that gave rise to instances of
default, as defined under cl 5(a)(i) of the relevant T&C. The first instance
of default occurred when the Borrower, as shown in his Third Affidavit, failed
to make timely interest payment _vis-à-vis_ the Facility Agreements in January
2011 for the first quarter of 2011.[note: 12] Payment was only made
subsequently.

15 In this action, the interest repayments under the Facility Agreements were
due on 12 July 2012, but the Borrower did not make payment. The interest owed
for that relevant period under Facility 1 and Facility 2 were HK$19,010.28 and
AU$6,969.19 respectively.[note: 13] The Bank received no payment from the
Borrower despite numerous reminders sent by the Bank over the period of 13
July 2012 to 27 August 2012. Although the Bank issued two Notices of Default
dated 27 August 2012, the Bank informed the Borrower, on a without prejudice
basis, that it would wait until 6 September 2012 for payment failing which it
would take action.

16 In light of the failure of the Borrower to make good the default by 6
September 2012, the Bank terminated the Facility Agreements on 10 September
2012 and demanded immediate payment of all sums owed by the Borrower to the
Bank pursuant to cl 5(b) of the T&C.[note: 14]

17 As stated, the Bank sued the Borrower on 4 December 2012.

The Borrower’s Defence and Counterclaim

18 The Borrower’s challenge to the Bank’s application for summary judgment was
presented by reference to the matters set out in the Borrower’s Defence and
Counterclaim (Amendment No 1):

(i) The Bank had delayed the processing of the mortgage documents for the
First Property and was late in issuing the first facility letter offering
Facility 1 to the Borrower (“Triable Issue 1”);

(ii) The Bank had caused further delay after the Borrower had accepted and
signed Facility 1 such that the draw down only took place on 9 July 2010
(“Triable Issue 2”);

(iii) The Bank’s appointed valuers had derived “an artificially low valuation
for the First Property” which resulted in a lower maximum cap as to the amount
the Borrower could have drawn down from Facility 1 (“Triable Issue 3”);

(iv) The Bank had unilaterally deducted the stamp duty payable on the Second
Property from the amount drawn down by the Borrower under Facility 2 (“Triable
Issue 4”);

(v) The Bank had “artificially inflated” its cost of funds _vis-à-vis_ the
interest payable under the Facility Agreements (“Triable Issue 5”);

(vi) The Bank had “unilaterally changed” the interest rate payable over the
cost of funds under the Facility Agreements from 1% to 1.25% (“Triable Issue
6”);

(vii) The Bank had wrongfully terminated the Facility Agreements on 5 June
2012 (“Triable Issue 7”);

(viii) The Bank had represented to the Borrower that “it would provide a high
level of personal service, as well as internet banking facilities and credit
cards” but had failed to do so (“Triable Issue 8”); and

(ix) The Bank had failed to administer the cross currency loan under Facility
1 properly (“Triable Issue 9”).

19 The Borrower submitted that the allegations above (at [18]) were _bona
fide_ triable issues and that he should be given unconditional leave to
defend. In the alternative, there existed sufficient reasons upon which there
ought to be a trial (see O 14 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014
Rev Ed) (“the ROC”)). Lastly, the Borrower also sought an order to stay
execution of the summary judgment pending the trial of the Borrower’s
Counterclaim.

Discussion and decision on RA 106

Overview

20 The Borrower put forward several triable issues for the purpose of
defending the Bank’s application for summary judgment. The Borrower did not
specifically address the principal sums drawn down under the Facility
Agreements, but he counterclaimed for damages in the sum of CH? 10.4m, and
unliquidated damages for breach of the Facility Agreements. The Borrower
essentially relied on his Counterclaim as his defence by way of counterclaim
to the Bank’s claims.

21 The Borrower in his written submissions claimed a right of equitable set-
off in respect of his claim for damages against the sums which included his
borrowings from the Bank. The Borrower alleged a close connection between the
Bank’s claims and the Borrower’s Counterclaim to argue that it would be
manifestly unjust to grant summary judgment without taking into account the
Counterclaim.

22 There are several points to note about the defence of equitable set-off.
First, the Borrower’s defence of equitable set-off was inconsistent with his
Counterclaim that sought rectification of the rate of interest of 1.25% per
annum over the Bank’s Cost of Funds as defined in the Facility Agreements.

23 Secondly, I agreed with counsel for the Bank that the triable issues
identified by the Borrower could not be properly characterised as defences
against the Bank’s claims, and that the origin and the nature of the
Borrower’s cross-claims (assuming their validity) and their relationship to
the Bank’s claims were, at best, independent.

24 Thirdly, for the purpose of the defence of equitable set-off, the nature of
the Counterclaim and the degree of connection between the Bank’s claims and
the Counterclaim would have to be examined. In this context, the court would
be influenced by the requirements of justice. As Sundaresh Menon JC (as he
then was) explained in _Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala
Cashew Exporters) v Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 856 at
[30]–[34], each case would necessarily turn on whether or not the claims were
so closely connected that it would offend one’s sense of fairness or justice
to allow one claim to be enforced without regard to the other.

25 Fourthly, I agreed with the Bank that the Borrower resorted to bare
assertions of the Bank’s negligence and various breaches of the Facility
Agreements without specifying the clauses that were breached.[note: 15] In my
view, the triable issues identified by the Borrower were equivocal, lacking in
precision, ill-founded and fanciful. In short, there were no issues to be
tried for the reasons explained below.

26 Following from the comments above (at [22]–[25]), the AR’s decision to
enter summary judgment in favour of the Bank was correct. In my view, the
rights of the parties were defined by the Facility Agreements. In seeking to
recover the unpaid principal sums plus contractual interest and default fees,
the bank was doing no more than to exercise its contractual rights. The Bank’s
loans were repayable and the interests and default fees as claimed in the
Statement of Claim were recoverable. This conclusion followed from my view
that there were neither arguable defences nor the defence of equitable set-off
by way of counterclaim to the Bank’s claims.

27 As regards the _Miles v Bull_ [1969] 1 QB 258 question supplemented by O 14
r 3(1) of the ROC as to whether “there ought for some other reason to be a
trial of that claim or part”, I was satisfied there was no other reason for
trial of the Bank’s claims. The argument that the Borrower needed time to
trawl through his computer’s metadata to search for evidence to support his
complaints against the Bank would not suffice as “some other reason for a
trial” (see _Lady Anne Tennant, The v Associated Newspapers Group Ltd_ [1979]
FSR 298 at 299; _cf Concentrate Engineering Pte Ltd v United Malayan Banking
Corp Bhd_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 465).

28 I was further satisfied that a stay of execution of the judgment pending
trial of the Counterclaim was not warranted seeing that the Counterclaim was:
(a) not closely connected to the Bank’s claims (see for _eg_ , _Silberline
Asia Pacific Inc v Lim Yong Wah Allen and Others_ [2006] SGHC 27 (“
_Silberline Asia Pacific_ ”) at [3]); and (b) the Counterclaim was ostensibly
fanciful (_ie_ , there was no arguable triable issues, see for _eg_ , _PH
Grace Pte Ltd and others v American Express International Banking_ Corp
[1985-1986] SLR(R) 979 at [5]–[6]). I agreed with the Bank that the Borrower
had merely made bare assertions of the Bank’s negligence and of its various
breaches of the Facility Agreements without specifying the clauses that were
breached. As such, there was insufficient material to support any arguable
case to advance at trial. With no particulars of the damages, the Borrower’s
assertion that his cross-claims exceeded the outstanding principal sums was of
doubtful validity.[note: 16]

29 One final observation relates to the history of the loans. It appeared that
whilst the Borrower sought rectification of the rate of interest over the
Bank’s Cost of Funds as defined in the Facility Agreements on the ground of
mistake, the Borrower had previously made payments of interest even though he
was persistently late (see [14] above). As submitted by counsel for the Bank,
the Borrower had made interest payments pegged at 1.25% per annum above the
Bank’s Cost of Funds on five occasions under the Facility Agreements. Counsel
for the Borrower did not dispute this submission.[note: 17] The earlier
payments were evidentially telling: (a) they signified the Borrower’s
affirmation of the principal sums that remained unpaid; and (b) exposed the
fallacy of the show cause challenge on the ground of mistake. Evidently, the
complaint that the interest rate was not 1.25% per annum, but 1% per annum
instead, was an afterthought. The Borrower’s previous payment of interest
without objections was conduct entirely inconsistent with there being such a
_bona fide_ issue. As for the principal sums due and owing under the Facility
Agreements, the Borrower’s obligation to repay the loans remained even if (for
the sake of argument) there was something to be said about the Counterclaim.
In the event, judgment should be granted leaving the Borrower to pursue his
Counterclaim independently seeing that there was no separate application to
strike out the Counterclaim.

Discussion

30 I now turn to elaborate on my decision to dismiss RA 106. I will comment on
each of the allegations set out in the Borrower’s Counterclaim (at [18]
above). This approach is more convenient than following the sequence of the
Borrower’s list of triable issues in his written submissions. I do not think
sequence matters and nothing turns on the fact that the Borrower had dealt
with “cross currency conversion” as his first triable issue and “cost of
funds” as his second triable issue and so on.

Triable Issue 1: Delay in the processing of mortgage documents for the First
Property and the late offering of Facility 1.

31 The Borrower, in his Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1), alleged
that the Bank had delayed the processing of the mortgage documents for the
First Property which resulted in its lateness in offering Facility 1 to the
Borrower on 7 May 2010. This complaint pertained to Facility 1 and it could
hardly constitute a defence to the Bank’s claims under Facility 2. Even if
there were delays on the part of the Bank in respect of Facility 1, the
Borrower had nonetheless accepted the terms of Facility 1 and borrowed the sum
of HK$3,994,239.20. Delay could hardly serve as an excuse _not_ to repay the
loan borrowed under Facility 1.

32 Besides, the Borrower’s allegation of delay was also arguably baseless.
According to the Borrower, he submitted a mortgage loan application in or
about June 2009, but Facility 1 was only offered a year later on 7 May 2010
because of the Bank’s delay in processing his loan application. However, a
closer scrutiny of the communications between the Borrower and the Bank
disclosed that the Bank had in fact issued a facility letter to the Borrower
offering him a Residential Property Term Loan Facility on 29 October 2009
pursuant to his mortgage loan application.[note: 18] That proposed loan
facility was to be secured by five properties which included the First
Property.[note: 19] It transpired that the Borrower rejected this proposed
loan facility and informed the Bank on 18 November 2009 that he only wanted a
loan facility that was to be secured against two properties, one of which was
the First Property.

33 The Bank then issued a second facility letter on 26 November 2009 offering
a Residential Property Term Loan Facility that was to be secured by two
properties. The Borrower accepted and signed this November 2009 facility
letter on 1 December 2009.[note: 20] However, cl 12 of the loan facility
required the Borrower to execute a first registered mortgage over the
properties as a condition precedent to funds being made available by the Bank
for draw down.[note: 21] Thus, the Borrower was required to submit the
original Certificate of Title for the First Property, which he did, but it
could not meet the condition precedent of the facility. By way of explanation,
the Borrower admitted that the Certificate of Title was still “in the name of
the original vendor”, Paddington Square Pty Ltd,[note: 22] and that
effectively precluded any execution of a first registered mortgage over the
First Property to facilitate a draw down under the November 2009 loan
facility. That was the state of affairs even though the Borrower said he had
forwarded the original Certificate of Title for the First Property to the Bank
prior to 11 January 2010.

34 The transfer of the First Property was, in fact, only done on 17 March
2010.[note: 23] The Borrower also accepted the fact that the Certificate of
Title in the name of the Borrower was only forwarded to the Bank on 23 April
2010.[note: 24]

35 Before 23 April 2010, the Borrower changed his mind again. This time, he
only wanted to mortgage the First Property and required the loan facility to
be changed.[note: 25] The Bank accommodated and accordingly forwarded the
facility letter offering Facility 1 on 7 May 2010.

36 From the narrative above (at [32]–[35]), the alleged delay concerned a
different loan that was eventually “superseded” by Facility 1.[note: 26]

37 I also noted the Borrower’s allegation that the Bank caused further delay
that resulted in the conclusion of Facility 1 on 9 June 2010. Considering the
fact that facility letter was delivered to the Borrower overseas by mail
(since the agreement, which had to be signed by both the Borrower in the
presence of the Bank’s staff or solicitor who must also sign off as a witness,
could not be concluded by simply exchanging soft copies of the
agreement)[note: 27] the period of time from 7 May 2010 to 9 June 2010 could
not be considered as a “delay”.

Triable Issue 2: Further delay that resulted in the draw down taking place
only on 9 July 2010

38 The Borrower referred to further delays after the First Loan Facility was
concluded on 9 June 2010. The complaint was that the delay resulted in him
only being able to draw down the sum of HK$3,994,239.20 on 9 July 2010. He
indicated that he had meant to draw down the loan in the first two weeks of
June 2010 and that the delay had caused him a cash flow deficit of AU$500,000
that resulted in him and third parties having to expend personal time to
resolve.[note: 28] This allegation could not serve as a defence to the Bank’s
claims. I also noted that the purported delay was due to the Borrower’s late
compliance with a condition precedent required to be satisfied before any draw
down could take place under cl 13(c) of Facility 1. In particular, the
Borrower was late in providing the Bank with “a certified extract of the
Trustees’ Resolution approving the execution, delivery and performance of this
Facility letter”.[note: 29] The document was only certified to be true on 30
June 2010, and the Bank subsequently received the respective certified
document on 6 July 2010.[note: 30] The Bank thereafter allowed the Borrower to
draw down on 9 July 2010.

Triable Issue 3: Undervaluation of the First Property

39 The Borrower also alleged that the First Property was undervalued by the
Bank’s appointed registered valuers. The First Property was valued by the
registered valuers at AU$835,000.[note: 31] Significantly, the Borrower was
fully aware of the valuation on 6 May 2010[note: 32] and this was before he
accepted Facility 1. The Borrower signified his acceptance of the valuation by
signing Facility 1. These events overtook his initial suggestion made on 13
April 2010 that another valuation be done given his belief that the property
should be valued at AU$950,000.[note: 33] I agreed with the Bank that the
Borrower was aware that the maximum draw down amounts in cl 3 were derived
from the AU$835,000 valuation.

40 Furthermore, by accepting Facility 1, the Borrower also agreed to cl 14 of
Facility 1, described above (at [8]), which entitled the Bank to rely on its
own valuation of the First Property. In any event, this undervaluation
allegation was undeniably a bare and unfounded assertion on the part of the
Borrower.

Triable Issue 4: Unilateral reduction of stamp duty in respect of the Second
Property

41 The Borrower also alleged that the Bank was not entitled to deduct the
stamp duty payable on the Second Property from the loan amount that was to be
otherwise disbursed in full under Facility 2. His contention in his written
submissions was that he had specifically allocated the whole of the loan
amount upon its draw down to meet his “transactional arrangements”.[note: 34]

42 I agreed with the Bank that the Borrower had not adduced any evidence of
his alleged “transactional arrangements”. The allegation that he had to close
out his UBS facility was a bare assertion.

43 The Bank contended that Facility 2 was a residential term loan to finance
the purchase of the Second Property. Under the terms of the relevant T&C,
which was incorporated into the Second Loan Facility, the Bank was entitled to
make the deduction from the loan amount. In any case, the amount deducted was
for the purpose of satisfying the Borrower’s own payment obligations as the
buyer of the Second Property.

44 Clause 14(b) of the T&C clearly included “stamp duties” amongst the fees
which were for the account of the Borrower.[note: 35] The Bank could therefore
rely on cl 15(b)(ii)(c) of the T&C, which explicitly gave it the “right to
debit the Borrower’s account to cover … any fees … payable by the
Borrower”,[note: 36] to deduct the stamp duty payable on the Second Property
from the Borrower’s account under Facility 2.

45 Furthermore, the Borrower was promptly informed of the deduction on 14
October 2010[note: 37] and his only complaint then, as reflected in his
e-mails on 17 October 2010 and 18 October 2010, was that he had three months
to pay stamp duty and that the Bank was not required to deduct stamp duty from
his account immediately.[note: 38] Evidently, the Borrower had simply
disagreed with the timing of the deduction rather than the deduction itself.

46 For these reasons, I agreed with the bank that there was no triable issue
in relation to the deduction of the stamp duty.

Triable Issue 5: Artificial inflation of cost of funds

47 This complaint is applicable to both loans. The Borrower alleged that the
Bank had overcharged him by way of interest payments due to its “unilateral
inflation” of the Cost of Funds. The Borrower had not substantiated his claim
that the Bank’s Cost of Funds rates were higher than other banks nor adduced
any evidence on how the bank manipulated and/or artificially inflated the rate
of the Cost of Funds. In particular, the Borrower had not quantified the
amount by which he had ostensibly overpaid the Bank.

48 By cl 9 of the Facility Agreements, the interest payable included the Cost
of Funds and the Bank was entitled to fix the interest rate at 1.25% per annum
over the Bank’s cost of Funds as quoted by the Bank.

49 Clause 9 further defined Cost of Funds as:[note: 39]

The term “Cost of Funds” is the cost to the [Bank] of raising deposits for an
amount comparable to the loan or any part thereof and in the currency of the
loan and for a term equivalent to the relevant Interest Period in the
Singapore interbank market.

50 In the present case, the Borrower’s allegation of inflated Cost of Funds
and overpayment of interest was entirely speculative and argumentative. As
stated in [47] above, the Borrower did not adduce any evidence as to what the
Cost of Funds chargeable should have been and how much the Bank had inflated
the Cost of Funds by. The Borrower only referred to the Bank’s letter to the
Borrower dated 7 June 2012 which explained the Cost of Funds charged by the
Bank:[note: 40]

In regard to your allegation in relation to “deceptive business practices”,
and your subsequent comments in regard to the Bank’s Cost of Funds (COF) rate
applied to your Loan Facility, we refer you to the Facility Letter pertaining
to your Loan. The “Cost of Funds” applicable to your Facility is indicated as
the cost to ANZ, to raise comparable funds in the Singapore interbank market,
to provide an advance in relation to your Loan Facility.

For clarity, such cost consists of (i) rate of relevant benchmark and tenor to
the currency of your Facility in the Singapore interbank market, (ii) costs to
ANZ Group to raise deposits and utilise the same and (iii) costs to ANZ to
maintain liquidity in accordance with ANZ Group’s regulatory obligations.

Such rate is, of course, also subject to the prevailing conditions evident
within that particular market, and the global financial markets generally.

51 The Borrower then contended without more that factors (i), (ii) and (iii)
listed in the Bank’s letter above should not have been considered by the Bank
in the computation of the Cost of Funds. He argued that the factors listed
fell outside the scope of the definition found in cl 9. His assertion was
simply without any basis since the three factors were clearly constituents of
the Cost of Funds defined under cl 9 of the Facility Agreements.

52 The first factor related to the cost of raising the amount loaned by the
Borrower in the context of the rate of lending (“relevant benchmark”) over a
period of time (“tenor”) in respect of the currency of the loan (“currency of
your Facility”) in the Singapore interbank market. Such costs were clearly
encapsulated by the definition of Cost of Funds under cl 9 of the Facility
Agreements.

53 The second factor related to the costs incurred by the Bank specifically in
raising deposits, such as administrative costs, which are not related to the
lending rate identified under the first factor. Such costs constitute part of
the Cost of Funds of the Bank in the form of “cost to the [Bank] of raising
deposits”.

54 The third factor then related to a more specific form of cost incurred when
raising a deposit given that banks are required to maintain a certain degree
of liquidity based on its available funds which would be affected by the
raising of a deposit.

55 In the premises, there was no real basis for the Borrower to object to the
three factors.

56 The Borrower also argued that the Cost of Funds should not have been
affected by the “prevailing conditions within the particular market, and the
global financial markets generally”. This argument was entirely flawed. Given
that particular mention was made to the Singapore interbank market in relation
to the Cost of Funds under cl 9 of the Facility Agreements, it must be the
case that the prevailing conditions within the Singapore interbank market
(“the particular market”) would affect the Cost of Funds. Additionally, such a
market would also be affected by the global financial market generally, and
consequently, the Cost of Funds would be affected by the global financial
market.

57 The Borrower therefore failed to raise any triable issue since its
allegation that the Cost of Funds was artificially inflated by the Bank was
clearly a bare assertion.

58 The Borrower was given an indication on 13 April 2010 of the interest
payable, including the cost of funds, prior to entering Facility 1. The
amounts provided then (inclusive of 1.25% interest over the Cost of Funds)
were 6.05% and 1.55% for an Australian Dollar and Hong Kong Dollar loan
respectively.[note: 41] The Borrower did not object to those rates. The
Borrower also enquired as to the prevailing interest rates on the Facility
Agreements on 11 July 2011 and was informed that they were 6.2829% and 1.6664%
for Facility 2 (in Australian Dollars) and Facility 1 (in Hong Kong Dollars)
respectively.[note: 42] The Borrower did not object to those rates as well. In
addition, the Bank submitted that the Borrower’s allegation of an artificially
inflated Cost of Funds was raised for the first time in a letter dated 7 June
2012 after he had made interest payments for over 2 years based on the
interest rate of 1.25% per annum over the Bank’s Cost of Funds.[note: 43] The
Borrower’s previous payments of interest without any objections amounted to
conduct entirely inconsistent with there being such a _bona fide_ issue (see
[29] above).

59 Lastly, the Bank had also issued two Conclusive Certificates[note: 44]
which dealt with, _inter alia_ , the Bank’s Cost of Funds pursuant to cl 20 of
the T&C, a conclusive evidence clause, which provided that:[note: 45]

A certificate of the [Bank], as to the [Bank’s] cost of funds, any
outstandings (including but not limited to principal and/or interest) and
contingent or other liabilities due to the [Bank], any losses suffered by the
[Bank] and/or which the [Borrower] is liable for, shall be conclusive and
binding on the [Borrower], save for manifest error or fraud.

60 As stated by Judith Prakash J in _RBS Coutts Bank Ltd v Shishir Tarachand
Kothari_ [2009] SGHC 273 at [8]:

It is axiomatic that a certificate or statement issued pursuant to a
conclusive evidence clause is, in the absence of fraud or manifest error on
the face of the certificate,  _determinative of the amount due_. In  _Bache &
Co (London) Ltd v Banque Vernes et Commercials De Paris SA_ [1973] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 437 (“ _Bache_ ”) Lord Denning MR said at p 440:

I would only add this: this commercial practice (of inserting ‘conclusive
evidence’ clauses) is only acceptable because the bankers or brokers who
insert them are known to be honest and reliable men of business who are most
unlikely to make a mistake. Their standing is so high that their word is to be
trusted. So much so that a notice of default given by a bank or a broker must
be honoured. It ranks as equivalent to, if not higher than, the certificate of
an arbitrator or engineer in a building contract. As we have repeatedly held,
such a certificate must be honoured, leaving any cross-claims to be settled
later by an arbitrator. So if a banker or broker gives a notice of default in
pursuance of a ‘conclusive evidence’ clause, the guarantor must honour it,
leaving any cross-claims by the customer to be adjusted in separate
proceedings.

The above articulation of the rationale underlying the legal acceptance of
conclusive evidence clauses was approved in  _Bangkok Bank Ltd v Cheng Lip
Kwong_ [1989] SLR 1154 (“ _Bangkok Bank_ ”) where Yong Pung How J stated at
[18]–[19]:

The widespread use by banks of ‘conclusive evidence’ clauses has arisen simply
because of the dictates of commerce, and has been supported by the assumption
that money institutions, which are themselves closely regulated by the law,
are completely honest and reliable … What is significant is that, in the
absence of fraud or obvious error on the face of it, a certificate issued
under a ‘conclusive evidence’ clause is conclusive of both the liability and
the amount of the debt.

[emphasis in original]

61 As the Bank submitted, the Borrower did not point to any hint of manifest
error or fraud in respect of the certificates issued by the Bank. The Borrower
also did not raise any issue as to the propriety of the Bank’s demands under
the certificates—a challenge which may be brought regardless of a conclusive
evidence clause (see _Standard Chartered Bank v Neocorp International Ltd_
[2005] 2 SLR(R) 345 at [25]). The Borrower therefore had no basis to challenge
the Bank’s computation of its Cost of Funds and its complaint in this regard
was patently unmeritorious. The Cost of Funds stated by the Bank in the two
Conclusive Certificates were conclusive and binding on the Borrower from 17
April 2013 to the date of full repayment.

Triable Issue 6: Unilateral increase of interest rate payable from 1% over the
cost of funds to 1.25% over the cost of funds

62 The Borrower’s next allegation related to the fact that the interest rate
payable under the Facility Agreements should have been 1% per annum over the
Cost of Funds. This complaint was without merit as well. In short, there was
no issue for trial.

63 The Borrower based his allegation on the fact that there were earlier
discussions with the Bank in July 2009 and September 2009 whereby the Bank
suggested an interest rate of 1% per annum over the Cost of Funds. He also
pointed out that the loan facility offered to him by the Bank on 26 November
2009 also provided for an interest rate of 1% per annum over the Cost of
Funds.

64 According to the Bank’s evidence, the Facility Agreements, which were
concluded at a much later date, provided for an interest rate of 1.25% per
annum over the Cost of Funds under cl 9. The Borrower was aware of the new
rate of 1.25% per annum over the Cost of Funds. The Bank had in fact
specifically informed the Borrower that the interest rate would be 1.25% per
annum over the Cost of Funds on 13 April 2010 prior to the Borrower signing
the respective facility letters and the Borrower had also acknowledged this on
the same day.[note: 46]

65 The Borrower must be taken to have accepted such an interest rate when he
signed the respective facility letters. Notably, no particulars were pleaded
in support of the Borrower’s allegation that he was mistaken about the rate of
interest when he signed the Facility Agreements. The allegation of a
unilateral increase in the interest rate was raised for the first time in the
Defence and this plea was contrary to the Borrower’s previous interest
repayments based on the rate of 1.25% per annum over the Cost of Funds as
mentioned at [29] above.[note: 47] As the Bank pointed out, the Borrower’s
previous payment of interest without objections was conduct entirely
inconsistent with there being such a _bona fide_ issue.

Triable Issue 7: Wrongful termination of the Facility Agreements on 5 June
2012

66 Triable Issue 7 was not intended to invalidate the Bank’s termination in
September 2012. The complaint in Triable Issue 7 was another instance of the
unhappy banking relationship between the Borrower and the Bank’s Mr Mitchell
Lobb (“Mr Lobb”), an associate director of the Bank (see [71]–[75] below). Mr
Lobb was the relationship manager assigned to the Borrower sometime after
September 2010.

67 The incident in question related to the Borrower’s late payments of
interest under the Facility Agreements which were due on 12 April 2012. As a
result of the Borrower’s failure to pay on the due date, Mr Lobb sent a text
message to the Borrower that purported to terminate the Facility Agreements on
5 June 2012. In this present action, the Borrower’s allegation was that Mr
Lobb’s text message had caused “business disruptions”. In my view, the alleged
“business disruption”, if any, would have to have been from the short period
of 5 June 2012 to 7 June 2012. In any case, the Borrower’s alleged
consequential damages flowing from the “business disruptions” were not
particularised in the pleadings and were vague.[note: 48]

68 Reverting to the facts as alleged, the contention was that Mr Lobb had
earlier informed the Borrower on 5 June 2012 that the Bank would terminate the
Facility Agreements “once the arrears hits 60 days” (starting from the date of
default, 12 April 2012), with the Borrower being 54 days in arrears on that
day.[note: 49] The Borrower therefore argued that this amounted to a premature
termination of the Facility Agreements.

69 It must first be noted that, pursuant to cl 5(b) of the T&C incorporated
into the Facility Agreements, the Bank was entitled to terminate the Facility
Agreements upon any incident of default, which included a failure to pay
interest on time as defined under cl 5(a)(i) of the T&C. This would mean that
the Bank was entitled to terminate the Facility Agreements back in June 2012.
Mr Lobb’s reference to the additional time period granted to the Borrower in
the form of 60 days was not intended to be an unequivocal suspension of the
Bank’s strict legal rights. In any event, according to the Bank, it was
entitled to terminate the Facility Agreement having issued an Event of Default
notice on 28 May 2012 for the Borrower’s failure to pay interest payments due
on 12 April 2012. In addition, in the Event of Default notice sent to the
Borrower by the Bank, the Bank clearly reserved its right to terminate the
Facility Agreements:[note: 50]

For the avoidance of doubt, all the [Bank’s] rights in respect of this matter
are strictly reserved. No failure or delay by the [Bank] in exercising any
right, power, privilege or remedy under the Facility shall impair any such
right, power, privilege or remedy under the Facility or operate as a waiver
thereof or preclude any other or further exercise thereof.

70 The Bank was therefore entitled to terminate the Facility Agreements on 5
June 2012. But the Bank did not terminate the Facility Agreements. In fact, it
clarified with the Borrower on 7 June 2012 that the Facility Agreements had
not been terminated. [note: 51] The Borrower acknowledged receipt of this
letter[note: 52] and must be taken to have accepted the Bank’s clarification
on 7 June 2012 as he proceeded to make payment of the interest due on 12 April
2012. He also acknowledged the continued existence of Facility Agreements by
acknowledging the Bank’s reminders sent after the incident to make interest
payments due on 12 July 2012 under the Facility Agreements.[note: 53]
Therefore, this was not a claim for wrongful termination in the legal sense,
but rather a mere complaint against the conduct of Mr Lobb, which would not
give rise to a triable issue as explained at [67] above.

Triable Issue 8: Unhappiness with other personal services provided by the Bank

71 The Borrower was also unhappy with other aspects of services provided to
him by the Bank. Those services included credit card and internet banking
services. He also had complaints in relation to the refinancing of another
loan in relation to another property not covered by the Facility Agreements.
These complaints were entirely unrelated to the Facility Agreements and were
not connected with the Bank’s claims at all. They could not amount to a
defence to the Bank’s claims in any way.

72 The Borrower was also unhappy with the services provided by Mr Lobb. His
complaints were that Mr Lobb:[note: 54]

(i) provided incorrect account information to the Borrower in respect of
making payment towards the facility, which resulted in penalties for the
Borrower;

(ii) failed to convey facility payment dates in a timely and/or competent
manner;

(iii) failed to execute instructions provided by the Borrower in an accurate
and timely manner; and

(iv) failed to provide adequate and complete explanations and advice with
regard to investment opportunities that he had personally communicated to the
Borrower.

73 As regards the first complaint against Mr Lobb, the Borrower alleged that
he had omitted the bank and branch codes when providing him with banking
details on 31 January 2011 and that the banking details were also different
from that provided for under the T&C. The Borrower argued that this had caused
his late payment of interest under the Facility Agreements for the first
quarter of 2011.[note: 55] This could not have been the case. The Borrower had
in fact admitted in his Third Affidavit that he was already late in making
payment by 31 January 2011 and that this lateness related to his second
complaint against Mr Lobb which I will deal with below at [74].[note: 56] In
any event, the details provided by Mr Lobb were an alternative method of
transfer different from that stipulated under the T&C which did not require
bank and branch codes to be provided. It was also implausible that the
Borrower, who had already been making interest payments to the Bank since
2010, would suddenly be unaware as to how to make such payments in January
2011.

74 The second complaint revolved around the fact that Mr Lobb was sending
documents, such as payment reminders, to the Borrower’s mailing address in
Bahamas when he was actually in Singapore.[note: 57] Although the Borrower had
informed Mr Lobb of his presence in Singapore at certain points in time, he
had never indicated any change to his mailing address which was required of
him under cl 16(b) of the T&C.[note: 58]The Bank was only informed of this
change on 5 March 2012.[note: 59] It was therefore clearly the fault of the
Borrower rather than Mr Lobb _vis-à-vis_ the mailing address problem raised by
the Borrower.

75 As for the other two complaints, they related to services provided by Mr
Lobb in other aspects not concerned with the Facility Agreements. They were
therefore not defences to the Bank’s claims.

Triable Issue 9: Failure to administer the cross currency loan properly

76 The Borrower’s final allegation related to Facility 1. It was alleged that
the Bank had failed to administer the cross currency loan properly. According
to the Borrower, he was entitled to convert the HK$3,994,239.20 drawn down as
a cross currency loan under Facility 1 to Australian Dollars. This was
provided for under cl 5 of Facility 1 which applied for a cross currency loan
only:[note: 60]

Subject to the [Bank’s] availability of funding as determined at its absolute
discretion, the above Facility may be converted into any one of the following
currencies viz AUD and HKD on interest payment dates provided that advance
written notice is given to the [Bank] at least 7 business days prior to the
required value date of the foreign exchange transaction. The spot foreign
exchange rate will have to be booked with the [Bank] to enable the conversion
to be effected on the agreed value date which should coincide with the
interest payment date.

If a conversion is to be carried out on a non interest payment date, the
[Borrower] shall be liable for any additional costs, expenses and/or
liabilities sustained or incurred by the [Bank] as a result of having to break
the funding deposit required for the loan. All procedures as described above
in this clause shall also apply. The necessary notice period as described
above for conversion of the loan shall also apply. The [Bank] reserves the
right to review frequency of currency conversions if, in the opinion of the
[Bank], the borrower is switching currency for speculative purposes.

According to the Borrower, he had requested the HK$3,994,239.20 loan to be
convered to Australian Dollars twice and the Bank failed to adhere to his
wishes on both occasions.

77 The Bank did not dispute the fact that the HK$3,994,239.20 could be
converted to Australian Dollars pursuant to cl 5 of Facility 1. The Bank,
however, pointed out that the Borrower had only detailed in his Third
Affidavit one such request made on 18 October 2010.

78 The Borrower explained that, in light of the Australian Dollar appreciating
against the Hong Kong Dollar, he had requested the HK$3,994,239.20 loan to be
converted to Australian Dollars so that he might draw down more Australian
Dollars under Facility 1. In his request, he had also wanted to draw down the
difference between the limit of AU$668,000 applicable to a single currency
loan under cl 3 Facility 1 and the respective amount of Australian Dollars he
would have had after the conversion of the HK$3,994,239.20 he had initially
drawn down as a cross currency loan.[note: 61]

79 This request was not in accordance with the terms of Facility 1 on two
grounds. First, the draw down limit of AU$688,000, which was pegged at 80% of
the valuation of the First Property stated above (at [39]), was only
applicable to a single currency loan. Under a cross currency loan, the draw
down limit was set at AU$584,500—70% of the valuation of the First Property.
Although the Borrower could convert the HK$3,994,239.20 he had drawn down
under a cross currency loan to Australian Dollars only, this did not allow him
to convert the cross currency loan to a single currency loan so as to allow
him to be subjected to a higher draw down limit. He would still have been
subjected to the 70% draw down limit of AU$584,500.

80 Secondly, cl 7 of the First Loan Facility clearly provided that a draw down
had to be made “in a maximum of 1 tranche within 6 months from the date of
this Facility Letter”.[note: 62] This meant that the Borrower would not be
able to draw down any more monies after he had drawn down the HK$3,994,239.20
on 9 July 2010. Even if conversion of HK$3,994,239.20 would have given rise to
an amount in Australian Dollars lower than AU$584,500, he would still have
been unable to draw down up to the AU$584,500 limit because he had already
exhausted the one draw down tranche he was permitted under cl 7. A draw down
to reach the limit of AU$688,000 as requested by the Borrower was hence
entirely out of the question. The second point was in fact explained to the
Borrower by Mr Lobb in an e-mail rejecting the Borrower’s request.[note: 63]

81 Therefore, what the Borrower, under his own misapprehension as to the terms
of Facility 1, was attempting to do was to take advantage of the appreciation
of the Australian Dollar against the Hong Kong Dollar so that he could draw
down more Australian Dollars under Facility 1. Counsel for the Borrower,
however, also argued that the Bank should have nonetheless converted the
HK$3,994,239.20 to Australian Dollars despite the fact that the Borrower could
not have drawn down any further amount of Australian Dollars after that. Such
an argument is flawed for two reasons. First, the exercise would have been be
pointless (or even costly) if the Borrower was not allowed to make such a draw
down and this was the case given that he was not permitted to do so pursuant
to cl 7 of Facility 1. Secondly, the Borrower therefore very predictably
acknowledged Mr Lobb’s explanation as to his inability to draw down without
any objections and made no further request to convert the HK$3,994,239.20 he
had already drawn down.[note: 64] It was therefore reasonable for the Bank to
have done nothing following such an acknowledgement since the onus was on the
Borrower to further clarify that he would like to have the HK$3,994,239.20
converted to Australian Dollars nonetheless.

82 The Borrower was therefore in no position to complain about the Bank not
acceding to his request on 18 October 2010. The Bank was entitled to refuse
his request in accordance with the terms of Facility 1. The Borrower’s
allegation in this regard was therefore without merit as well. The Borrower
could not show that the refusal of his request by the Bank gave rise to a
triable issue.

Summary judgment in the Bank’s favour

83 For the reasons above, I rejected all of the allegations raised by the
Borrower. They were either without merit or were not in the nature of a
defence to the Bank’s claims. The Borrower had also failed to raise any issue
of manifest error, fraud or impropriety of claim _vis-à-vis_ the two
Conclusive Certificates, which detail the Bank’s claims, issued by the Bank in
accordance with the conclusive evidence clause under cl 20 of the T&C (see
[59]–[61] above). Even if the allegations could give rise to certain matters
counterclaimed, they were separate cross-claims and the Bank should not be put
to the trouble and expense of proving its own claims. I therefore agreed with
the AR’s decision in SUM 2166/2013 to grant the Bank summary judgment.

No stay of execution

84 As regards the Borrower’s application to obtain a stay of execution of the
summary judgment, I was of the opinion that no such stay should be ordered. As
was stated in _Silberline Asia Pacific_ at [3], a court, when exercising its
discretion in relation to the ordering of a stay of execution of a summary
judgment, must have regard to the following factors:

(i) Degree of connection between the claim and counterclaim;

(ii) Merits of the counterclaim;

(iii) Financial ability of the plaintiff to satisfy any judgment on the
counterclaim; and

(iv) Whether a stay of execution will effectively require a successfully
plaintiff to wait for its money.

85 As mentioned above, the Borrower’s Counterclaim was not directly (and hence
not closely) connected to the Bank’s claims. Furthermore, an analysis of the
Borrower’s complaints above (some of which constitute grounds of the
Borrower’s Counterclaim) showed that they were plainly without merit.

86 The Borrower counterclaimed the total sum of CHF10.4m. Even though the sum
of CHF10.4m (approximately S$14m) was a large sum, the Borrower omitted to
particularise his claim and had failed to specify how it was derived. The
Borrower only vaguely explained that CHF8.9m was losses which “have
accumulated by virtue of my personal time wasted as well as disruptions to
business” caused by the “cumulative failures of Mr Lobb and [the Bank]”.[note:
65] The Borrower did not explain how the alleged wasted personal time and
disruptions to business were eventuated and how the sum of CHF8.9m was
derived. The Borrower had only provided a very brief table which showed that
he was to be compensated for, _inter alia_ , 700 additional “Hours Worked” at
a rate of CHF16,707 per hour (approximately S$22k per hour).[note: 66] The
Borrower gave no indication as to how he derived the 700 “Hours Worked” and
his hourly rate of CHF16,707. Furthermore, the sum tabulated pursuant to the
table was also not the CHF8.9m counterclaimed.

87 In any event, the Borrower did not adduce evidence that the Bank, as a
financial institution, would not be able to satisfy any judgment on the
counterclaim. For these reasons and those given above, I decided that no stay
of execution of the summary judgment should have been ordered.

Outcome of RA 106

88 For these reasons, I dismissed the Borrower’s appeal with costs fixed at
$7,000.

* * *

[note: 1]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, pp 2–3 at [8]–[10].

[note: 2]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-1, pp 29–30.

[note: 3]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-1, p 31.

[note: 4]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-1, p 31.

[note: 5]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-1, pp 32–33.

[note: 6]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-2, p 40.

[note: 7]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, p 11 at [14].

[note: 8]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, p 11 at [16]–[17].

[note: 9]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-5, p 56.

[note: 10]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-5, p 59.

[note: 11]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, p 12 at [20].

[note: 12]Joseph Shihara Rukshan De Saram’s Third Affidavit, pp 43–44 at
[128].

[note: 13]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-9, pp 97 and 99.

[note: 14]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-15, p 129.

[note: 15]Bank’s Submissions dated 8 May 2014, p 20 at para 58(b).

[note: 16]Bank’s Submissions dated 8.5.14 at para 58(b).

[note: 17]Notes of Arguments, pp 4–5.

[note: 18]Maya Lim’s Third Affidavit, Tab ML-38.

[note: 19]Maya Lim’s Third Affidavit, Tab ML-38, p 101.

[note: 20]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-16.

[note: 21]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-16, p 135.

[note: 22]Borrower’s Submissions dated 25.7.14, p 29 at [64].

[note: 23]Maya Lim’s Third Affidavit, Tab ML-35.

[note: 24]Joseph Shihara Rukshan De Saram’s Third Affidavit, pp 24–25 at
[67(a)].

[note: 25]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-17, p 177.

[note: 26]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, para 40(g).

[note: 27]Joseph Shihara Rukshan De Saram’s Third Affidavit, Tab 13, p 143.

[note: 28]Borrower’s Submissions para 66.

[note: 29]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-1, p 33; Maya Lim’s Third
Affidavit, Tab ML-36, pp 67 and 74–76.

[note: 30]Maya Lim’s Third Affidavit, Tab ML-36, pp 84–87.

[note: 31]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-18, p 181.

[note: 32]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-18, p 184.

[note: 33]Joseph Shihara Rukshan De Saram’s Third Affidavit, Tab 53, p 316.

[note: 34]Borrower’s Submisisons paras 67 and 68.

[note: 35]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-2, p 43.

[note: 36]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-2, p 44.

[note: 37]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-19, p 188.

[note: 38]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-19, pp 189 and 191.

[note: 39]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-1, p 31.

[note: 40]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-32.

[note: 41]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-21, p 215.

[note: 42]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-22, p 219.

[note: 43]Bank’s Submissions, paras 93 & 94.

[note: 44]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-20, pp 208–209.

[note: 45]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-2, p 49.

[note: 46]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-24, pp 224–225.

[note: 47]Bank’s Submisisons para 110.

[note: 48]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1), pp 8–10 at [7B].

[note: 49]Joseph Shihara Rukshan De Saram’s Third Affidavit, Tab 31, pp
233–235.

[note: 50]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-8. pp 95.

[note: 51]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-23, p 222.

[note: 52]Joseph Shihara Rukshan De Saram’s Third Affidavit, p 41 at [118].

[note: 53]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-11.

[note: 54]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1), pp 9–10 at [9(d)].

[note: 55]Joseph Shihara Rukshan De Saram’s Third Affidavit, pp 43–44 at
[128].

[note: 56]Joseph Shihara Rukshan De Saram’s Third Affidavit, p 43 at [128].

[note: 57]Joseph Shihara Rukshan De Saram’s Third Affidavit, pp 42–43 at
[124]–[127].

[note: 58]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-2, p 46.

[note: 59]Maya Lim’s Third Affidavit, Tab ML-40, pp 124–125.

[note: 60]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-1, p 30.

[note: 61]Joseph Shihara Rukshan De Saram’s Third Affidavit, Tab 6, p 109.

[note: 62]Maya Lim’s Second Affidavit, Tab ML-1, p 31.

[note: 63]Maya Lim’s Third Affidavit, Tab ML-30, p 24.

[note: 64]Maya Lim’s Third Affidavit, Tab ML-30, p 23.

[note: 65]Joseph Shihara Rukshan De Saram’s Third Affidavit, p 46 at [138].

[note: 66]Joseph Shihara Rukshan De Saram’s Third Affidavit, Tab 39A.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Nov 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

