Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Abdul Rashid bin Abdul Manaf _v_ Hii Yii Ann  
[2014] SGHC 194

Case Number| :| Suit No 197 of 2014 (Registrar's Appeal No 202 of 2014 and
Summons No 3268 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 October 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Francis Xavier, SC and Ang Tze Phern (Rajah & Tann LLP)
for the plaintiff; Tan Tee Jim, SC (Instructed Counsel), Sharon Chong and Devi
Haridas (Sim Law Practice LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Abdul Rashid bin Abdul Manaf — Hii Yii Ann  
  
3 October 2014|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 In this action, the plaintiff, Abdul Rashid bin Abdul Manaf (“Rashid”), is
suing the defendant, Hii Yii Ann (“Hii”), for breach of a settlement agreement
dated 24 May 2012 (“the 2012 SA”) between the parties. Hii then applied to
stay this action on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. His application was
dismissed by an Assistant Registrar. He appealed against the decision of the
Assistant Registrar, and I dismissed his appeal. Hii has filed an appeal
against my decision. I state below my reasons.

2 The principles governing a stay application are not in dispute. However,
because cl 6.2 of the 2012 SA stipulated that “the Parties hereby irrevocably
submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of
Queensland, Australia” and because cl 6.1 of the 2012 SA provided that the
2012 SA was “governed by and… to be construed in accordance with the laws of
England”, Mr Tan Tee Jim, SC (“Mr Tan”), counsel for Hii, submitted that this
court should apply English law for the stay application and that under English
law, the burden was on Rashid to show a strong case why a stay should not be
granted in favour of Australia in view of the fact that the non-exclusive
jurisdiction (“NEJ”) clause points to Queensland, Australia.

3 Mr Francis Xavier, SC (“Mr Xavier”), counsel for Rashid, disagreed and
submitted that the court should simply apply the principles in _Spiliada
Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”) as
Singapore courts have often done as in _Orchard Capital I Ltd v Ravindra Kumar
Jhunjhunwala_ [2012] 2 SLR 519 (“ _Orchard Capital_ ”) at [12] and [32]. Under
those principles, it was for the applicant to show that another jurisdiction
was clearly the more appropriate forum for the action by establishing, through
various factors, that the other jurisdiction had a more real and substantial
connection with the dispute to be heard.

The issues

4 Therefore, Hii’s stay application raised the following issues:

(a) What was the correct approach to be adopted for a stay application of a
Singapore action in the face of an NEJ clause that pointed to a foreign
country, and a governing law clause that pointed to the law of another foreign
country?

(b) If the foreign governing law was relevant, how was it to be proved in a
Singapore court and what was the correct construction of cl 6.2?

(c) Depending on the correct construction of cl 6.2, how were the _Spiliada_
principles to be applied?

The correct approach

5 Mr Xavier proceeded on the basis that although English law was the governing
law, it was irrelevant to the stay application and a Singapore court would
simply apply domestic Singapore law to determine the stay application. Hence,
he did not cite English cases to construe cl 6.2. Instead, he appeared content
to rely on the decision of the Singapore Court of Appeal in _Orchard Capital_
to construe cl 6.2 and to resist Hii’s appeal.

6 In _Orchard Capital_ , cl 23 of the settlement agreement was the relevant
provision. It provided for the agreement to be “governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of Hong Kong, SAR” and that “[t]he Parties submit to
the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Hong Kong, SAR”. There was
also a waiver by the parties to a trial by jury, but that is not relevant for
present purposes.

7 Notwithstanding cl 23, the plaintiff commenced an action against the
defendant in Singapore for an alleged failure by the defendant to pay a
certain sum by a certain date. The defendant then applied to stay the
Singapore action in favour of Hong Kong.

8 The Court of Appeal therefore had to construe the legal effect of an NEJ
clause, in particular, cl 23. In so doing, the Court of Appeal appeared to
apply Singapore domestic law to construe cl 23 (see _Orchard Capital_ at
[27]–[29]). However, there was no suggestion in that case that Hong Kong law
was different from Singapore law on the construction of an NEJ clause. In
fact, the Court of Appeal in _Orchard Capital_ stated, at [27], that the law
of the forum would generally apply to questions of interpretation by default,
because of the presumption of similarity. Hence, I was of the view that
_Orchard Capital_ did not stand for the proposition that a Singapore court
would disregard the foreign governing law in construing an NEJ clause and
apply Singapore domestic law only.

9 I refer to an article by Yeo Tiong Min, SC, “ _The Contractual Basis of the
Enforcement of Exclusive and Non-Exclusive Choice of Court Agreements_ ”
(2005) 17 SAcLJ 306 (“Yeo’s article”).

10 Para 17 of Yeo’s article states:

… The common law draws a distinction between the jurisdiction agreement as a
contract, which is a matter of substance, and the effect of the contract on
the jurisdiction of the forum, which is a matter of procedure. Thus, questions
relating to the validity and interpretation of the jurisdiction agreement are
subject to choice of law rules governing contracts. …

11 Para 19 of Yeo’s article states:

The effect of a jurisdiction agreement on the jurisdiction of the forum is a
matter of procedure,34 and is purely within the control of the law of the
forum. Effectively, this means that the forum determines for itself how to
give effect to the agreement of the parties (as interpreted in accordance with
its governing law) in the light of its own rules of jurisdiction and judicial
policies.

12 I was of the view that a stay application on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_ was an application to ask the court not to exercise its
jurisdiction and was an issue of procedure and not substantive law. Hence the
correct approach was that Singapore law, as the law of the forum, applied.
However, this did not mean that English law was irrelevant. Under Singapore
law, the _Spiliada_ principles were applicable and under such principles, the
governing law of the agreement in question would be applied to construe the
agreement or clause in question.

13 As English law was the governing law of the 2012 SA, it was English law
that determined how cl 6.2 was to be construed, _eg_ , whether cl 6.2 was in
substance an NEJ clause, an exclusive jurisdiction (“EJ”) clause, or something
in between which I will refer to more conveniently as a most appropriate
jurisdiction (“MAJ”) clause. After the construction was determined, Singapore
law would determine the effect of the construction, for example, who should
bear the burden of proving the appropriate jurisdiction.

How foreign law was to be proved in a Singapore court and how cl 6.2 was to be
construed

14 Mr Tan did not produce an opinion of an English law expert to establish
English law on the construction of cl 6.2. Instead, Mr Tan simply referred to
a few English cases from English law reports to establish such English law. I
need mention only the following English cases:

(a) _S & W Berisford Plc and NGI International Precious Metals Inc v New
Hamphire Insurance Co_ [1990] 2 QB 631 (“ _Berisford_ ”);

(b) _British Aerospace Plc v Dee Howard Co_ [1993] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 368 (“
_British Aerospace_ ”) at p 376;

(c) _Antec International Ltd v Biosafety USA Inc_ [2006] EWHC 47 (Comm) (“
_Antec_ ”);

(d) _Qioptiq Ltd v Teledyne Scientific & Imaging LLC_ [2011] EWHC 229 (Ch) (“
_Qioptiq_ ”) at [38] and also at [41] and [42]; and

(e) _E D & F Man Ship Ltd v Kvaerner Gibraltar Ltd (The Rothnie)_ [1996] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 206.

15 In _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“ _Pacific Recreation_ ”), the Court of Appeal addressed
the question as to how foreign law was to be proved at [54]–[60]. The Court of
Appeal observed that foreign law was an issue of fact which must be proved.
Such proof could be adduced in two ways:

(a) by directly adducing raw sources of foreign law as evidence; or

(b) by adducing the opinion of an expert in foreign law.

16 In England, raw sources of foreign law can generally be adduced only as
part of an expert’s evidence and not on their own. However, the position in
Singapore, Malaysia and India is very different because in these
jurisdictions, certain raw sources of foreign law can be adduced despite not
being part of a foreign law expert’s evidence. Such raw sources include “any
report of a ruling of the courts of the [foreign] country contained in a book
purporting to be a report of the rulings …” (see s 40 of the Evidence Act (Cap
97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Evidence Act”)). The Court of Appeal also referred to
other provisions in the Evidence Act, including s 86. However, the Court of
Appeal cautioned, at [60], that even if raw sources of foreign law are
admissible without the need for an expert opinion, it does not mean that our
courts are obliged to accord such sources any evidentiary weight. Therefore,
it is preferable that expert opinions on foreign law are provided whenever
possible.

17 In _Swiss Singapore Overseas Enterprises Pte Ltd v Navalmar UK Ltd_ [2003]
1 SLR(R) 688, the High Court was of the view (at [6]) that where it came to
English law (European Union law excepted) it was unnecessary to require
evidence from an expert. Nevertheless, my view was that the caution
administered in _Pacific Recreation_ should not be forgotten.

18 I will now elaborate on the English cases. In _Berisford_ , Hobhouse J was
of the view, at p 638, that even though the contractual jurisdiction of
English law was non-exclusive, “it requires a strong case for the Courts of
this country to say that that right shall not be recognised and that he must
sue elsewhere”. At p 646, Hobhouse J said that “the fact that the parties have
agreed in their contract that the English courts shall have jurisdiction
(albeit a non-exclusive jurisdiction) creates a strong prima facie case that
that jurisdiction is an appropriate one; it should in principle be a
jurisdiction to which neither party to the contract can object as
inappropriate; they have both implicitly agreed that it is appropriate”.

19 In _British Aerospace_ , Waller J noted that the NEJ clause in question had
been freely negotiated. It was not a standard term. The learned judge was of
the view that the factors relied on by the parties to make their arguments in
respect of a stay application would have been “eminently foreseeable” at the
time they entered into the contract. Therefore, it was not open to the
defendants to resist the English action where England was the choice of
jurisdiction (see _British Aerospace_ at p 376). Mr Tan said that this
approach had been referred to as the modified _Spiliada_ approach.

20 In _Antec_ , the court cited three cases, two of which were _Berisford_ and
_British Aerospace_ , for the principle that where parties had freely
negotiated a contract providing for the NEJ of English courts and choice of
English law, that created a strong _prima facie_ position that the English
courts had jurisdiction to deal with the matter. A second principle was that
parties would be held to their contractual choice of English jurisdiction,
unless there were very strong reasons for departing from this principle. A
third principle was that such reasons did not include factors of convenience
that were foreseeable at the time the contract was entered into (save in
exceptional circumstances involving the interests of justice) and it was not
appropriate to embark upon a standard _Spiliada_ -type balancing exercise.

21 In _Qioptiq_ , the court cited the _Antec_ principles with approval.

22 In _The Rothnie_ , Cresswell J was of the view that the NEJ clause (which
pointed to the courts of Gibraltar) meant that, _prima facie_ , the
contractual NEJ was “the” appropriate forum for the trial of the action, and
that the parties’ choice of NEJ created a strong _prima facie_ case that that
jurisdiction was “an” appropriate one (at p 211).

23 It appeared from the modified _Spiliada_ approach in _British Aerospace_ ,
_Antec_ and _Qioptiq_ that the English courts were prepared to construe an NEJ
clause to amount to an MAJ clause where the clause or the contract had been
freely negotiated. The parties would have chosen the NEJ as the most
appropriate jurisdiction based on factors that they would have foreseen.

24 However, it is important to bear in mind that in each of the first four of
the English cases listed above at [14], England was the contractual NEJ or
considered to be the contractual NEJ. The action was commenced in the
contractual NEJ and it was the defendant who was arguing that a foreign
jurisdiction was clearly more appropriate.

25 The approach of the English courts is not necessarily the same when the
contractual NEJ is a foreign jurisdiction. Although one may well think that in
principle there should be no distinction in the applicable legal principles
between the two situations, that is not necessarily the case.

26 Indeed, in _Orchard Capital_ , the Singapore Court of Appeal cited with
approval, at [16], the Hong Kong case of _Noble Power Investments Ltd v_
_Nissei Stomach Tokyo Co Ltd_ [2008] 5 HKLRD 631 (“ _Noble_ ”) on the effect
of a NEJ clause. In _Noble_ , the Hong Kong Court of Appeal was of the view
that there was a distinction in the application of legal principles in the two
situations mentioned above. Indeed, as regards the first and the third
illustrations given by the court (see _Noble_ at [33]), the court was of the
view that the burden was still on the defendant, and not on the plaintiff, to
show a more appropriate jurisdiction than the one in which the action was
brought except that the defendant’s burden was less heavy where the action was
commenced in a jurisdiction which was not the contractual NEJ.

27 Bearing in mind that on the facts before me, Singapore was not the
contractual NEJ, did the modified _Spiliada_ approach still apply as a matter
of English law so that cl 6.2 would be construed as not only an NEJ clause but
an MAJ clause? This was not clear to me. Mr Tan appeared to have assumed that
it would be so construed but that was because he did not draw a distinction
between the different factual situations.

28 It is true that in _The Rothnie_ , Gibraltar was the contractual NEJ. Yet,
Cresswell J was of the opinion that in view of the NEJ clause, the burden had
shifted to the plaintiff to show special circumstances that the action should
not be stayed. However, Mr Tan did not cite _The Rothnie_ to establish that
the modified _Spiliada_ approach still applied even in a different factual
situation. As mentioned above, Mr Tan appeared to assume that there was no
distinction on the application of legal principles between different factual
situations. Furthermore, Cresswell J did not appear to have considered whether
the NEJ clause was a negotiated one or not.

29 In addition, in _British Aerospace_ , Waller J was mindful that he might
have gone too far in the modified _Spiliada_ approach and he went on also to
apply the usual _Spiliada_ principles (see _British Aerospace_ at p 377).
Likewise, in _The Rothnie_ , Cresswell J was mindful that he might have been
wrong in his approach when he considered the NEJ as the most appropriate
jurisdiction without more. He also went on to consider whether Gibraltar had
the most real and substantial connection with the dispute in accordance with
the usual _Spiliada_ principles (see _The Rothnie_ at p 211).

30 Notwithstanding Waller J’s caution whether he might have gone too far with
the modified _Spiliada_ approach, that approach appears to be good law in
England where England is the contractual NEJ and the NEJ clause was a
negotiated one. However, it was not clear to me whether _The Rothnie_
represented English law or was not considered to be good law. This was the
difficulty which Mr Tan faced as the burden was on him to establish English
law to the court’s satisfaction. As he proceeded without the benefit of an
opinion from an expert in English law, he was therefore handicapped. I would
add that the benefit of such an opinion would have depended on how
comprehensive it was.

31 Even though Mr Xavier did not make opposing arguments as to what English
law was, the court was not obliged to accept without question that the
modified _Spiliada_ approach applied on the facts before it.

32 I was of the view that Mr Tan had not established that under English law
the modified _Spiliada_ approach applied even where Singapore was not the
contractual NEJ.

33 Even if the modified _Spiliada_ approach applied where Singapore was not
the contractual NEJ, there was yet another obstacle in its application to the
facts before me.

34 Under English law, the modified _Spiliada_ approach applied where the
clause was negotiated, according to Waller J in _British Aerospace_ , although
the court in _Antec_ referred to the fact that the parties had freely
negotiated a contract (instead of the clause in question).

35 A contract may be freely negotiated but not all clauses are necessarily
negotiated. Commercial men do sometimes pay more attention to commercial terms
than to legal ones. Although Mr Tan did not draw a distinction between a
contract that is negotiated and a clause that is negotiated, there is, in
principle, a difference between the two. In any event, the rationale behind
the modified _Spiliada_ approach was that the parties would have foreseen the
relevant factors when they chose the NEJ, and as such, their choice of the NEJ
amounted to their signifying that that jurisdiction was the most appropriate
jurisdiction to hear their contractual disputes.

36 However, on the facts before me, the evidence showed, first, that cl 6.2
was not negotiated between the parties. Secondly, Australia was chosen not
because it was the most appropriate jurisdiction to hear any contractual
disputes but because Hii had assets in Australia.

37 In the present case, Rashid gave evidence through an affidavit that it was
he who chose Australia as the NEJ. Apparently Hii did not object. So there was
no negotiation as such on cl 6.2.

38 Furthermore, Rashid’s evidence was that he chose Australia as the NEJ for
the 2012 SA because Hii had assets in Australia.[note: 1] In other words,
Australia was chosen not so much to resolve any dispute between the parties as
to enforce a judgment. Furthermore, the purpose was not so much to enforce a
judgment which either side might obtain as to enforce a judgment which only
Rashid might obtain against Hii, as the terms of the 2012 SA required Hii to
pay Rashid various sums of money at stipulated times.

39 This was telling from the fact that Hii did not dispute Rashid’s
explanation that Australia was chosen to facilitate enforcement of any
judgment he may have obtained against Hii. On the contrary, Hii tacitly
admitted that this was the reason. Hii admitted, in para 19 of his affidavit
of 14 April 2014, that he had “plenty of assets in Australia” and that that
was most probably the reason why Rashid chose Queensland, Australia, as the
NEJ in respect of their transactions “which had nothing to do with Australia”.

40 I would add that previously Rashid had commenced action in Queensland to
enforce an earlier settlement agreement made in 2007. The 2012 SA was to
resolve that action. Indeed, Rashid said that in the 2007 settlement agreement
there was also a similar provision choosing Queensland, Australia as the NEJ
for the same reason as for the 2012 SA. His reason for commencing the present
action in Singapore on the 2012 SA was that he had been told by Hii that Hii’s
Australian assets were frozen because of Hii’s dispute with the Australian tax
authorities.[note: 2] Furthermore, Hii has assets in Singapore as I will
elaborate on later. On the other hand, Hii disputed that he had told Rashid
that his Australian assets were frozen. Hii also disputed that such assets had
been in fact frozen. However, this dispute was not material to me because Hii
did not dispute Rashid’s reason for choosing Australia as the contractual NEJ.

41 Therefore, the fact that most of the other agreements between the parties,
including the 2007 settlement agreement, identified Australia as the NEJ was
of no assistance to Hii. It was not the number of times that Australia was
chosen but the reason for the choice that was important.

42 Most importantly, both Rashid and Hii accepted that Australia had nothing
to do with the underlying transactions which gave rise to various agreements
leading to the 2007 settlement agreement and then to the 2012 SA.

43 In these circumstances, I was of the view that English law would not have
construed cl 6.2 as an MAJ clause and would have construed it as an NEJ clause
and no more.

44 If Mr Tan had failed to establish what English law was and I had to apply
Singapore law on the construction of cl 6.2, the result would have been the
same.

45 I started off with what I considered to be basic principles of construction
without regard to case law. In so doing, I was of the view that it was
important to bear in mind the ordinary meaning of the words “exclusive” and
“non-exclusive”, although the context in which each word was used and the rest
of the terms in the clause would also have to be considered.

46 In the context of a jurisdiction clause, the word “exclusive” ordinarily
means that the contractual jurisdiction is the only jurisdiction to which the
parties have agreed to submit their contractual disputes. If either party
chooses to submit the contractual dispute to a jurisdiction other than the
contractual exclusive jurisdiction, that party is acting in breach of
contract.

47 On the other hand, the word “non-exclusive”, in the context of a
jurisdiction clause, ordinarily means what it says. Parties may submit the
contractual dispute to that jurisdiction, but are not obliged to do so. This
means that the parties have agreed that the contractual jurisdiction has
jurisdiction to hear their contractual disputes but it does not mean that they
must submit every contractual dispute to that contractual jurisdiction.
Therefore, if a party were to commence action on a contractual dispute in a
jurisdiction which is not the contractual NEJ, that party is not in breach of
contract. Likewise, if a party were to argue that proceedings commenced in the
contractual NEJ should be stayed in favour of another jurisdiction, that party
is also not in breach of contract.

48 Therefore, although the NEJ may be considered as “an” appropriate
jurisdiction, it is, in my view, erroneous to suggest, without more, that it
is also “the” appropriate jurisdiction (_ie_ , the MAJ) to hear a contractual
dispute.

49 A few English cases have observed that if a defendant were to argue for a
stay of an English action in favour of a foreign jurisdiction where England is
the contractual NEJ, the defendant is saying that England is not an
appropriate jurisdiction and that the foreign jurisdiction is appropriate.
Therefore, the defendant is acting contrary to his agreement that England is
an appropriate jurisdiction. I did not find such an observation persuasive. In
a similar situation in the Singapore context, all that a defendant is saying
is that although Singapore, as the contractual NEJ, is an appropriate
jurisdiction, there is a foreign jurisdiction which is clearly more
appropriate. Therefore, when a defendant has made a stay application, the
defendant is not acting contrary to his agreement that Singapore is an
appropriate jurisdiction where Singapore is the contractual NEJ.

50 I did not accept that the ordinary meaning of an NEJ clause is that parties
have agreed that the contractual jurisdiction is the MAJ to hear their
contractual disputes.

51 Furthermore, I was of the view that the construction of an NEJ clause does
not vary depending on whether it is a negotiated clause or a standard clause.
If the ordinary meaning of an NEJ clause is what I have said it means, then
there is no reason that the meaning of the same clause should morph into an
MAJ clause when it is a negotiated clause. Yeo’s article at para 83 observes
that, “[i]t is not possible to draw a bright-line between freely negotiated
jurisdiction agreements and jurisdiction agreements found in contracts of
adhesion”.

52 Waller J had suggested that the factors which the parties were relying on
to argue which jurisdiction was more appropriate to hear a contractual dispute
would have been eminently foreseeable at the time that they negotiated the
clause in question (see _British Aerospace_ at p 376). With respect, I was of
the view that this was not the point. Even if the factors were foreseeable,
which was not necessarily always the case, the fact was that if parties wanted
an MAJ clause in substance, it would be a simple matter for them to insert the
appropriate words in the clause to express this choice. The fact that they did
not do so must mean something. It meant that they wanted simply an NEJ clause
with its ordinary meaning and not an MAJ clause.

53 In my view, it was confusing to equate “an” appropriate jurisdiction with
“the” appropriate jurisdiction. However, I accepted that the word “non-
exclusive” did not always mean the former and not the latter. Depending on the
context and the rest of the terms in an NEJ clause, the clause could mean
something more than was apparent from its literal phrasing, and amount to an
MAJ clause. That was quite different from saying that because the clause had
been freely negotiated, it was _prima facie_ an MAJ clause.

54 One must also bear in mind that if a negotiated NEJ clause amounts to an
MAJ clause in substance so that the evidential burden shifts to a plaintiff
suing in the non-contractual jurisdiction to show strong cause as to why he
should be permitted to do so, this will bring the negotiated NEJ clause very
close to an EJ clause. Indeed, one may even ask whether there is then any
practical difference between a negotiated NEJ clause and an EJ clause because
even for an EJ clause, a plaintiff may still show strong cause why he should
be permitted to bring an action in a jurisdiction which is not the contractual
one. I was of the view that parties who had negotiated for an NEJ clause would
be very surprised to discover that they had instead obtained an MAJ clause
which operated like an EJ clause.

55 I now come to a few Singapore cases. Yeo’s Article at para 81states:

In _PT Jaya Putra Kundur Indah v Guthrie Overseas Investments Pte Ltd_ , the
Singapore High Court inferred from a non-exclusive choice of foreign
(Indonesian) court clause that the parties had agreed that it was an
appropriate forum, and it was held that the claimants should not be heard to
argue that Indonesia was not an appropriate forum. But the party seeking to
have the case heard in Singapore was not put to argue on the basis of strong
cause why the action should continue. If the agreement, though promissory,
only related to _an_ appropriate forum, it would not be a breach of contract
for the claimants to argue that Singapore was the _more_ appropriate forum.
Thus, it was not surprising that the court considered that the jurisdiction
clause was only one of the factors going to the question of appropriateness in
determining the natural forum for the dispute; it had no further effect. Thus
far, no case in Singapore has gone so far as to infer from the non-exclusive
selection of a court that the parties have agreed that it is the most
appropriate forum so that it would be a breach of contract to argue that any
other court than the chosen court should adjudicate any substantive issues
falling within the dispute resolution clause. Arguably, however, some English
cases have taken that step, although the authorities often do not make it
clear which of the possible contractual inferences discussed in this article
is being drawn.

56 I would add that the case of _PT Jaya Putra Kundur Indah v Guthrie Overseas
Investments Pte Ltd_ [1996] SGHC 285, cited in the above passage, was cited
with approval by the Court of Appeal in _Bambang Sutrisno v Bali International
Finance Ltd and others_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 632 (“ _Bambang_ ”) at [11]. In
_Bambang_ , the clause in question was not just an NEJ clause. The clause in
_Bambang_ , Article 23.02 of the personal guarantee, stipulated that the
defendant “submits himself to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the District
Court of Central Jakarta”. However, the clause also stipulated that the
plaintiff “shall have the right to proceed against [the defendant] in any
other competent court in any other jurisdiction so chosen by [the plaintiff]”,
and that the defendant agreed to “waive any objections on the ground of venue
or forum non conveniens or any similar grounds” (see _Bambang_ at [6]). The
Court of Appeal was of the view that when the defendant sought to stay the
plaintiff’s Singapore action, it was for the defendant to show strong cause
for the stay to be granted (see _Bambang_ at [9]). There was no suggestion
that it was for the plaintiff to show strong cause for the stay application to
be dismissed. Perhaps that was because of the specific terms in Article 23.02.
However, the point is that _Bambang_ was also not authority for the
proposition that the modified _Spiliada_ approach would apply where the NEJ
clause was a negotiated one.

57 In _Orchard Capital_ , the Court of Appeal also had to consider the legal
effect of an NEJ clause. The Court of Appeal did not suggest that the modified
_Spiliada_ approach would apply if the NEJ clause was a negotiated one.
Although the High Court in that case apparently applied the modified
_Spiliada_ approach (see _Orchard Capital I Ltd v Ravindra Kumar Jhunjhunwala_
[2011] SGHC 185 at [5]), the plaintiff’s appeal to the Court of Appeal against
the stay order was allowed.

58 Therefore, my initial view about the ordinary meaning of the word “non-
exclusive” was not varied by the Singapore cases. Was there, then, anything in
cl 6.2 of the 2012 SA to suggest a different meaning? I have set out the
material terms of cl 6.2 in [2] above.

59 For example, did the words “irrevocably submit” add anything to or vary the
ordinary meaning of “non-exclusive”? Interestingly, Mr Tan had accepted that
cl 6.2 was in substance an NEJ clause although, relying on English cases, he
also said that it meant that Australia was the most appropriate jurisdiction
and it was for Rashid to show strong cause for why he should not be held to
the NEJ clause.

60 I was of the view that in the context of cl 6.2, the adverb “irrevocably”
applied to the verb “submit”. The adverb did not qualify the adjective “non-
exclusive”. The adverb did not mean that cl 6.2 was in substance an MAJ
clause. In other words, it was clear that the parties had accepted that
Australia was an appropriate jurisdiction but they did not agree that it was
the most appropriate jurisdiction.

61 Accordingly, under Singapore law, cl 6.2 would also be construed as an NEJ
clause only.

How were the _Spiliada_ principles to be applied?

62 Under Singapore law, the burden remained on Hii to show that Australia was
clearly the more appropriate jurisdiction than Singapore to hear Rashid’s
claim, according to the usual _Spiliada_ principles.

63 I add that Hii did not state clearly why he was disputing Rashid’s claim.
Hii suggested that Rashid had assured him orally that Rashid would not insist
on Hii’s strict compliance with the payment dates in the 2012 SA but Hii did
not say whether this meant that he could delay payment indefinitely. Also, Hii
said that he had trusted a mutual friend, Alvin John, the lawyer who drafted
the 2012 SA for the parties, but he did not specify clearly how this was
relevant. For example, Hii did not claim that he had told Alvin John about the
oral assurance from Rashid.

64 In applying the usual _Spiliada_ principles, I considered the following
factors to be relevant:

(a) Hii had said that Australia had nothing to do with the underlying
transactions which led to disputes and to the 2007 settlement agreement and
the 2012 SA.[note: 3]

(b) Australia had nothing to do with the 2012 SA except for the fact that
Australia was the contractual NEJ and the 2012 SA was entered into to resolve
disputes arising from a 2007 settlement agreement for which Rashid had
commenced action in Queensland, Australia pursuant to a similar NEJ clause.

(c) Australia was chosen as the NEJ for the 2007 settlement agreement and the
2012 SA by Rashid. Australia was chosen only because Hii had assets there and
Rashid wanted to be able to enforce any judgment he obtained against those
assets.[note: 4]

(d) Hii had companies and assets in Singapore. Indeed, it was because he had
assets in Singapore, such as a property in Ocean Drive and a Rolls Royce car,
that Rashid commenced action in Singapore.[note: 5] Apparently Rashid also
obtained a mareva injunction (in Summons No 1634 of 2014) to restrain Hii from
disposing his Singapore assets.

(e) Hii is a Malaysian citizen. He said he was frequently travelling for
business. His family resided in Australia. Rashid contended that Hii resided
mainly in Singapore and the Philippines,[note: 6] although Hii stated in para
98 of his affidavit of 14 May 2014 that, “Singapore is where I spend the least
time” as his business operations were largely in other countries such as Papua
New Guinea and the Philippines. In other words, Hii did not appear to dispute
that he did reside in Singapore although he resided elsewhere too.

(f) Rashid is a Malaysian citizen who resided in Malaysia.

(g) Alvin John, who drafted the 2012 SA, practised law in Malaysia.[note: 7]
Any relevant discussion on the terms of the 2012 SA, before it was executed,
appeared to have occurred mainly in Malaysia.

(h) The 2012 SA stipulated that communication to Hii was to be sent to an
address of a Singapore company of his at 101 Cecil Street, #20-06, Tong Eng
Building, Singapore 069533 or to a fax number in Singapore.[note: 8] This was
a requirement found in other agreements between the parties. The Cecil Street
address was also the address which Hii used in his affidavits to support his
stay application. Although Hii stated that he used a Singapore address and fax
number because of an excellent communication infrastructure in Singapore, it
still did not aid him in establishing that Australia was clearly the more
appropriate jurisdiction.

(i) Under the 2012 SA, Hii was to make various payments to Rashid. As Rashid
resided in Malaysia, any payment would have to reach Rashid in Malaysia. Any
failure to pay would be _prima facie_ a breach occurring in Malaysia.

(j) The fact that English law was the governing law of the 2012 SA was neutral
even if there was a substantive dispute.

65 In _Zoom Communications Ltd v Broadcast Solutions Pte Ltd_ [2014] SGCA 44
(“ _Zoom_ ”), the Court of Appeal was of the view that the place where the
breach of the agreements occurred was Singapore because the appellant was to
make payment to the respondent in Singapore (at [86]). The Court of Appeal
accordingly found that the place of the breach being Singapore tilted the
balance towards Singapore as the proper forum for the trial of the dispute (at
[86]).

66 I would take this opportunity to mention that where non-payment is not
disputed, the place of the failure to pay does not always carry much weight.
Although the failure to pay may constitute the breach of the defendant and the
cause of action of the plaintiff, the real dispute may not centre on the
failure to pay but the reasons for not paying. Such reasons may in turn
determine whether there was a breach arising from the non-payment in the first
place. Where the evidence for the reasons for not paying lie in a different
jurisdiction, that jurisdiction may be the more appropriate jurisdiction to
hear the dispute, depending on the other connecting factors. On the other
hand, if the alleged non-performance of a contract is itself in dispute then
the place of performance may carry more weight.

67 As I have stated above (at [63]), it was unclear why Hii was disputing his
alleged breaches. If the reason had something to do with what was represented
to him in Malaysia, then that reason still did not point to Australia as being
clearly the more appropriate jurisdiction.

68 I add that if there was no genuine substantive dispute, then even if cl 6.2
was an MAJ clause in substance, that might not assist Hii’s stay application
(see _The Jian He_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 432 at [53]–[63]). _A fortiori_ , when it
was an NEJ clause in substance. However, as Mr Xavier did not rely on the
absence of a genuine dispute, I will say no more on it.

69 In the circumstances, it was obvious that Hii could not discharge his
burden to show that Australia was clearly the more appropriate forum than
Singapore. Indeed it was telling that Mr Tan did not attempt to establish that
Australia was clearly the more appropriate jurisdiction if the usual
_Spiliada_ principles applied.

70 Accordingly, I dismissed Hii’s appeal with costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Rashid’s 2nd affidavit dated 25 April 2014 para 36.

[note: 2]Rashid’s 2nd affidavit dated 25 April 2014 para 22.

[note: 3]Hii’s affidavit dated 14 April 2014 para 19.

[note: 4]Hii’s affidavit dated 14 April 2014 para 19.

[note: 5]Rashid’s 2nd affidavit dated 25 April 2014 para 43.

[note: 6]Rashid’s 2nd affidavit dated 25 April 2014 para 44.

[note: 7]Hii’s affidavit dated 14 April 2014 para 14.

[note: 8]Rashid’s 2nd affidavit dated 25 April 2014 paras 38 and 40.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Oct 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

