Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Wang Wenfeng  
[2014] SGHC 23

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 4 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Bala Reddy, Ilona Tan and Kelly Ho (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Wendell Wong and Alfian Adam Teo (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the Accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Wang Wenfeng  
  
7 February 2014|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 On 20 September 2011, Wang Wenfeng (“Wang”) was convicted of murder under s
300(_c_) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). At the time of the
conviction, the offence was punishable with a mandatory death penalty under s
302 of the Penal Code. Wang appealed, but the Court of Appeal (“CA”) upheld
the conviction and sentence. On 1 January 2013, the Penal Code (Amendment) Act
2012 (Act No 32 of 2012) came into operation, with the effect that the death
sentence is no longer mandatory under s 300(_b_), (_c_) and (_d_) of the Penal
Code. Consequently, on 16 August 2013, the CA remitted the case back to the
High Court for re-sentencing and, on 13 November 2013, I exercised my power
under s 4(5)(_g_) of the Penal Code (Amendment) Act 2012 to re-sentence Wang
to imprisonment for life and to 24 strokes of the cane. The prosecution has
filed an appeal against the sentence and I now give the grounds for my
decision.

The background

2 The full facts of this case are set out in my judgment delivered at the end
of the trial in _Public Prosecutor v Wang Wenfeng_ [2011] SGHC 208 (“HC
Judgment”), as well as in the grounds of decision of the appeal in _Wang
Wenfeng v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 4 SLR 590; [2012] SGCA 47 (“CA Judgment”).
I shall therefore set out only the salient facts below.

3 Wang is from Fujian Province in the People’s Republic of China. He came to
Singapore to work, but at the time of the offence in April 2009, he was out of
work and was required to leave Singapore by 15 April 2009. At that time, he
could not afford a plane ticket home. He tried to borrow money from his
younger sister and his wife but they did not lend him any. On Friday 10 April
2009, Wang decided to resort to robbery to get the money for his airfare.

4 In the early morning of 11 April 2009, Wang set off to Sun Plaza at
Sembawang Drive, carrying with him a haversack containing a fruit knife, a
pair of cotton gloves and a small bottle of water. He thought that taxi
drivers would be good targets, so he flagged down a taxi. It was driven by the
deceased, Yuen Swee Hong (“the Victim”). Wang directed the Victim to drive to
“Bao Ping Chun” and, as they neared the destination, he directed the Victim to
Jalan Selimang. When the taxi stopped at the end of Jalan Selimang, Wang had
already put on his gloves and taken out his knife.

5 Wang used his left hand to hold the knife against the Victim’s chest and his
right hand to hold onto the backrest of the driver’s seat. He told the Victim
to hand over his money. A struggle ensued between Wang and the Victim and, in
the course of the struggle, Wang stabbed the Victim on his chest. The Court of
Appeal (“CA”) found that the Victim was stabbed at least five times (CA
Judgment at [36], [38]). The injuries inflicted on the Victim were severe
enough to have caused heavy bleeding (HC Judgment at [24]) such that, within
two minutes, the struggle ceased and the Victim went limp. This led Wang to
believe that the Victim had died. He decided to hide the body in the secondary
jungle nearby. After carrying the body to a location well inside the jungle,
Wang searched the Victim’s pockets and took the money he found.

6 Wang subsequently washed himself at a nearby beach and drove the taxi to a
multi-storey car park at Canberra Road. He parked the taxi at one of the
higher levels. Using the water he brought, he cleaned away the blood from part
of the front cabin. He also cut the cables connecting the credit card machine
which he thought was a Global Positioning System (“GPS”), took money and the
Victim’s mobile phone from the taxi, cleaned the door handle, and left for
home.

7 Sometime later on the same day, Wang went out to dispose of the
incriminating items, such as the soiled clothes he had worn. He left the
haversack containing these items in a forested area near Nee Soon Road. As he
was journeying on a bus, he received a missed call from the Victim’s wife on
the Victim’s mobile phone. He alighted and returned a call to the Victim’s
wife. He told the Victim’s wife that he was holding the Victim captive and
demanded $150,000 from her. Over the course of two days, from 11 April 2009 to
12 April 2009, Wang gave instructions to the Victim’s wife to make payment.
When she still did not remit the money to the account number he provided, he
reminded her that the Victim had not eaten for two days.

8 Meanwhile, Wang had secured a place on a flight departing on 14 April 2009.
But before he could leave the country, he was arrested by the police on 13
April 2009.

The prosecution’s submissions

9 The Indian courts adopt the position that the default punishment for murder
is life imprisonment and that the death penalty is an exception (see _Bachan
Singh v State of Punjab_ AIR 1980 SC 898 at [151]). This, the prosecution
submitted, was untenable in Singapore for two reasons. First, the legislative
framework in India is different. There is no mandatory death penalty for s 300
cases in India, whereas the death penalty is still mandatory for s 300(_a_)
cases in Singapore. Secondly, there is considerable uncertainty in India on
the punishment to be ordered in capital offences (see _Sangeet and another v
State of Haryana_ AIR 2013 SC 447 at [81]).

10 The prosecution thus submitted that where the law, in this case, s
300(_c_), provides for a discretionary death penalty, neither life
imprisonment nor the death penalty should be viewed as the default position.
The correct approach is to consider all the facts and circumstances to
determine if the offender ought to suffer the death penalty (see _Sia Ah Kew
and others v Public Prosecutor_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 54 (“ _Sia Ah Kew_ ”) at
[8]).

11 _Sia Ah Kew_ is a case of kidnapping under s 3 of the Kidnapping Act (Cap
101, 1970 Rev Ed). The CA in that case similarly faced the binary choice of
death or life imprisonment, and had opined that the maximum sentence of death
penalty would be appropriate where the manner of the kidnapping or the acts or
conduct of the kidnappers were such as to _outrage the feelings of the
community_ (at [5]).

12 The prosecution also referred the court to the Parliamentary speech by the
Minister for Law when introducing the amendments to the mandatory death
penalty regime (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (9 July
2012) vol 89):

In deciding whether and how to apply the death penalty to a particular
offence, several factors have to be considered. In particular … three
interconnected factors: (1) _the seriousness of the offence_ , both in terms
of the harm that the commission of the offence is likely to cause to the
victim and to society, and the personal culpability of the accused; (2) _how
frequent or widespread an_ _offence_ is; and (3) _deterrence_. [emphasis
added]

13 Each of the factors was analysed by the prosecution in light of the facts
of this case.

14 In terms of the _seriousness of the offence_ , the prosecution submitted on
three main aspects. First, the offence was committed in a cruel manner. The
prosecution argued that there was a high degree of premeditation and planning,
which was demonstrated by Wang’s intention to commit robbery at the wee hours
of the morning, his preparation of items such as a knife, spare change of
clothes and a water bottle, his deliberate choice of victim (a taxi driver),
and his direction to the Victim to drive to a deserted area (“Bao Ping Chun”).
The prosecution further pointed to the way Wang had armed himself with a
dangerous weapon, a knife with a 12.5cm blade, and had focused his attack on a
vulnerable part of the Victim’s body, _viz_ , the chest. Two of the stab
wounds suffered by the Victim were described by the CA as “likely to have been
very deep, with [one of them] achieving full, or near-complete, penetration of
the knife’s 12.5cm blade” (CA Judgment at [25]). As a result, the Victim
suffered an agonizing and painful death. Secondly, Wang’s culpability was
high. The prosecution examined Wang’s post-murder actions and argued he was
unremorseful. Particular attention was paid to how Wang robbed from the Victim
after he killed him, took steps to conceal the murder, attempted to extort
money from the Victim’s family, prepared to flee from Singapore and, even
after arrest, led the police on a wild goose chase and gave several false
statements. The prosecution submitted that there were no significant
mitigating factors that Wang could rely on. Even though Wang experienced
financial stress and loneliness as a foreigner in Singapore, they were not so
unusual or extraordinary that he could rely upon them in mitigation. As Yong
Pung How CJ stated in _Lai Oei Mui Jenny v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 2 SLR(R)
406 at [10], financial difficulties cannot be relied upon, save, possibly, in
the most exceptional or extreme of circumstances. Thirdly, the prosecution
submitted that Wang, being stronger and much younger than the Victim, and
having taken the Victim by surprise from behind, had taken an unfair advantage
over the Victim. The prosecution also stressed the high degree of public
disquiet that had emanated from the case.

15 To show how _frequent or widespread_ offences committed against taxi
drivers are, the prosecution produced statistics on the number of robberies,
serious hurt and murder committed against taxi drivers between January 2009
and September 2013. Significantly, the number of serious hurt cases over the
years are: two in 2009, two in 2010, six in 2011, seven in 2012, and four in
the period from January to September 2013. The prosecution pointed out the
particular vulnerability of taxi drivers – they may be completely at the mercy
of their passenger-turned-assailant, and out of the reach of any help that may
be rendered by bystanders.

16 In calling for a _deterrent_ sentence, the prosecution elaborated on the
fact that public transport workers (“PTWs”), especially taxi drivers, have
been viewed by the courts as vulnerable victims (see, _eg_ , the CA judgment
at [3] and _Wong Hoi Len v Public Prosecutor_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 115 at [11]).
The prosecution argued that the present case also has a wider-felt impact of
triggering unease and offending the sensibilities of the general public, which
makes it necessary and appropriate to order a deterrent sentence (see _Public
Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at [25]).

17 At the time of hearing, there were three other concluded murder re-
sentencing cases. In all these cases the court reduced the sentence of death
to a sentence of life imprisonment and caning. The prosecution argued that
these cases could be distinguished. In _Public Prosecutor v Fabian Adiu Edwin_
(Criminal Case No 40 of 2009) (“ _Fabian_ ”), the offender was young (18 years
old at the time of offence) and had sub-normal intelligence. In _Public
Prosecutor v Kho Jabing_ [2013] SGHC 251 (“ _Kho Jabing_ ”), the offender was
also considered to be young (24 years old at the time of offence) and his
choice of weapon was described as opportunistic and improvisational. In
_Public Prosecutor v Gopinathan Nair Remadevi Bijukumar_ (Criminal Case No 40
of 2011) (“ _Gopinathan_ ”), the CA did not find that the offender had set out
to rob the victim and had given the offender the benefit of doubt that he had
been provoked by the victim. The prosecution submitted that none of these
characteristics exist in the present case. Wang was already 30 years old at
the time of the offence. From the degree of planning that went into his crime
and the calculated steps he took to conceal the evidence, the prosecution
submitted that Wang was a highly intelligent individual. Unlike _Kho Jabing_ ,
Wang in this case had prepared a knife and therefore, his choice of weapon
could not have been opportunistic. Lastly, unlike _Gopinathan_ , Wang set out
to rob the Victim and was not provoked.

18 In light of the foregoing, the prosecution submitted that the three
precedent cases do not bar the court from imposing the death penalty. In fact,
as the present case falls squarely within the category of cases that would
outrage the feelings of the community, the prosecution urged the court to re-
sentence Wang to death.

The defence’s submissions

19 The defence relied on _Sia Ah Kew_ for the principle that the death penalty
should only be imposed for the worst manner of offending. The court was also
referred to a number of cases from across the Commonwealth and other
jurisdictions, which have a common thread of imposing the death penalty in the
most exceptional cases. Therefore, the defence submitted that the death
penalty should only be imposed if the manner by which the murder was carried
out was of the most heinous nature, the murderer was of the worst type, and
there was an absence of any significant mitigating circumstances. The present
case, the defence argued, was not such a case where death penalty would be
appropriate.

20 Much emphasis was placed on the fact that there was a lack of any
premeditation to inflict the fatal injuries. What happened was a sudden and
unexpected struggle, during which Wang stabbed the Victim spontaneously. Given
that the intention to stab had formed only during the struggle, it could not
be said that Wang consciously took advantage of the Victim’s vulnerability or
planned to stab the Victim as part of the robbery. Neither was the stabbing
inflicted in cold blood as Wang did not relish the act of murder and no
further injuries were inflicted on the Victim to ensure that he died.

21 The defence stressed that the post-killing acts, such as his extortion of
money from the Victim’s family, must be seen in context. They were induced by
panic, fear and adrenaline, and the defence urged the court not to accord them
undue weight in the formulation of what his intention was at the beginning of
the criminal enterprise and when deciding the appropriate sentence.

22 To further show that the moral blameworthiness of Wang was below that for
the most heinous cases of murder under s 300(_c_) of the Penal Code, the
defence raised a number of mitigating circumstances. First, Wang did not form
the intention to murder the Victim when he set out to commit robbery; he only
brought the knife to scare his Victim into submission. Secondly, his mind was
not at its clearest when he had formed the intention to stab the Victim during
the struggle. At the time of the offence, he was labouring under difficult
personal and financial circumstances and when the Victim struggled, he reacted
on the spur of the moment without considering the consequences of his actions.
Thirdly, the Victim was not made to endure extended pain and suffering; he
went limp within two minutes of the struggle. Fourthly, Wang was remorseful
for his actions. The defence admitted that Wang lied to the police initially,
but highlighted that Wang volunteered the truth later on. Lastly, Wang was not
a hardened criminal, and has the potential to reform and be rehabilitated.

23 The defence referred to the four sentencing principles of deterrence,
prevention, retribution, and rehabilitation as affirmed by the CA in _Public
Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 684, as well as the principle of
individualised justice enunciated by V K Rajah J in the High Court decision of
_Dinesh Singh Bhatia s/o Amarjeet Singh v Public Prosecutor_ [2005] 3 SLR(R)
1. Having regard to the circumstances of Wang’s act, the defence submitted
that all four sentencing objectives can be met by a sentence of life
imprisonment, and that life imprisonment was the appropriate sentence to be
passed in this case.

24 There were also three letters written by Wang’s father, sister and daughter
pleading for clemency. They mentioned that Wang’s 12-year-old daughter yearned
to see her father again, and that his parents were over 50 years old and
wished to have the accompaniment of their son in their old age.

25 In respect of the three precedent cases of re-sentencing, the defence drew
the court’s attention to the fact that none of the cases had meted out the
death penalty. On the other hand, in addition to the sentence of life
imprisonment, the three precedent cases had imposed either 18 or 24 strokes of
cane. Because the defence submitted that an additional punishment of no more
than ten strokes of the cane was appropriate, it had to distinguish the three
precedent cases.

26 In _Fabian_ and _Kho Jabing_ , the court had imposed the maximum of 24
strokes of cane. The defence submitted that Wang’s culpability in this case
was lower than that of the offenders in _Fabian_ and _Kho_ _Jabing_ because
the offenders in the latter two cases had intended to use their weapons to
cause bodily injury in furtherance of their robbery. The defence argued that
no such intention was present in this case. In _Gopinathan_ , the court had
imposed 18 strokes of cane. The defence submitted that Wang’s culpability was
closer to the facts of _Gopinathan_ because, in both cases, the robberies were
motivated by desperate financial circumstances. Nonetheless, the defence
observed that the offender in _Gopinathan_ had maintained his lie about
another man who had killed the victim, whereas the offender in this case had
shown remorse at an earlier stage and volunteered the truth to the police less
than ten days after he gave the false statements.

27 Given the above, the defence submitted that the appropriate sentence in
this case was life imprisonment and no more than ten strokes of the cane.

The court’s decision

28 The issue before me was whether the facts and circumstances of this case
justified imposing the death penalty or life imprisonment with or without
caning.

29 I had found that Wang had not set out with the intention to kill, but with
the intention to commit robbery, armed with a knife. He had targeted taxi
drivers, presumably for their unique vulnerability. He got the Victim to drive
to a lonely spot and pointed the knife at him to get him to surrender his
money. However the Victim tried to snatch or pluck the knife from Wang and a
struggle ensued, resulting in the tragic outcome. These would be the relevant
facts of the offence, although the aftermath provides some insight into Wang’s
frame of mind. When Wang realised that the Victim had gone limp, he got out of
the taxi, ascertained that the Victim was dead, and proceeded to hide the body
in the nearby jungle. He washed himself in the sea, drove the taxi to a multi-
storey carpark, washed off the blood stains and took the Victim’s money and
mobile phone. He then attempted to leave the country. When the Victim’s wife
called his mobile phone, Wang took advantage of the situation and tried to
extort money from her by leading her to think that the Victim was still alive
and would be hurt if she did not pay up.

30 It was in the context of these facts, particularly the facts leading to the
killing, and to a lesser extent, the facts post-killing that I have to
determine the issue, along with other factors of the case, namely the fact
that the Victim was a taxi driver, and part of a vulnerable group.

31 The prosecution submitted that this was an offence against a PTW and
therefore a deterrent sentence was necessary. There have been cases involving
victims who were PTWs in which the courts have held that it was necessary to
impose deterrent sentences in view of their vulnerable positions as well as
the dangers posed to the public at large. I myself have stated this in a
Magistrate’s Appeal: see _Balbir Singh s/o Amar Singh v Public Prosecutor_
_and another_ _appeal_ [2010] 3 SLR 784. But the expression “public transport
worker” covers a wide range of people. This ranges from PTWs who operate
transportation involving many passengers, such as buses or trains, to those
who carry much less, _eg_ taxis. The degree of danger to the public would vary
with the numbers carried. However the danger may be higher in certain modes of
transport, _eg_ aircraft. The degree of punishment imposed could correspond to
the degree of danger posed to the public. There is the special case of taxi
drivers, who are vulnerable because they work alone and can be stranded in
remote locations. However it is one thing to impose a higher fine or period of
imprisonment for an offence against a taxi driver to deter like-minded from
carrying out offences against taxi drivers. It is quite another to say that it
is necessary and appropriate to impose a sentence of death where life
imprisonment is otherwise called for. For the court to justify imposition of
capital punishment on the ground of deterrence, the prosecution must produce
much more evidence to show the inadequacy of life imprisonment (plus caning)
as against the death sentence. The only evidence of this produced by the
prosecution was a single incident of murder of a taxi driver in the past five
years, which was this present case. There have been a number of cases of
serious hurt against taxi drivers, but there is no upward trend nor are the
numbers high – the range of such offences vary from two a year to seven a year
in the last five years.

32 I therefore consider that deterrence was not a major factor in determining
the sentence for the present case. The relevant parameters were the facts of
the offence, although keeping in mind that it was perpetrated against a person
belonging to a particularly vulnerable group. Wang had set out to rob a taxi
driver, but there was no evidence of any intention to kill from the outset.
Death was caused in the course of a struggle, one that Wang ought to have
anticipated. The prosecution made a rather uncharacteristic submission that
there was “a high degree of premeditation and planning”, without stating that
this was in relation to the offence of robbery and not the murder. This was
puzzling because the finding of fact at both High Court and Court of Appeal
was that the offence of murder was not premeditated. That submission only had
the unfortunate effect of causing the media reports of the case to be
misreported. As for the acts post-killing, there was a range of explanations
for it, but Wang was entitled to the benefit of doubt that this was motivated
by self-preservation after the fact and not cold blooded intent. The
aggravating factor in this case was the fact that he took cruel advantage of
the desperation of the Victim’s widow and tried to extort money from her while
keeping up her hopes that the Victim was still alive. But again there was no
evidence that this was preplanned; indeed the evidence points to them being
opportunistic acts. Wang deserved the full brunt of the law short of capital
punishment. In my view, the ends of justice were served by a sentence of life
imprisonment and, in view of the acts post-killing, to 24 strokes of the cane,
which was the maximum sentence I can impose short of the death penalty.

33 For the reasons given above, I exercised my power under s 4(5)(_g_) of the
Penal Code (Amendment) Act to re-sentence Wang to imprisonment for life and to
24 strokes of the cane.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

