Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ong & Ong Pte Ltd _v_ Fairview Developments Private Limited  
[2014] SGHC 48

Case Number| :| Suit No 369 of 2011 (Summons No 5235 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 March 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mohan Pillay and Ang Wee Jian (MPillay) for the
plaintiff; Hri Kumar Nair SC (instructed) (Drew & Napier LLC) and Jimmy Yap
(Jimmy Yap & Co) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  — Ong & Ong Pte Ltd — Fairview Developments Private Limited  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 163 of
2013 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 23 January 2015. See [2015] SGCA
5.]

18 March 2014|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 In this summons the defendant applied for a declaration that its acceptance
on 24 September 2013 of the plaintiff’s offer to settle dated 28 July 2011 was
valid and that the action had been settled on the following terms:

(a) The defendant is to pay to the plaintiff the sum of S$2,588,666.

(b) The defendant is to pay to the plaintiff the plaintiff’s costs of the
claim and counterclaim to be taxed if not agreed:

(i) on a standard basis, from the date of commencement of these proceedings on
20 May 2011 to 11 August 2011; and

(ii) on an indemnity basis, from 12 August 2011 up to the date of the
defendant’s notice of acceptance (_ie_ , 24 September 2013).

(c) The defendant is to pay to the plaintiff interest at 1.5% per annum, for
the period from 20 May 2011 up to the date of payment.

(d) The plaintiff is to discontinue its claims against the defendant within
seven days of payment of the sum of S$2,588,666, interest and costs.

2 On 5 November 2013, after hearing submissions from both sides, I made an
order in terms of the application and granted costs to the defendants fixed at
$5,000 plus disbursements. On the application of counsel for the plaintiff, I
granted leave to appeal as the matter concerned a novel point of law. The
plaintiff filed the appeal on 2 December 2013 and I now give my grounds of
decision.

3 The issue in this appeal is whether the plaintiff’s offer to settle of 28
July 2011 had expired prior to the defendant’s acceptance on 24 September
2013.

Background

4 The background to the matter is as follows. The plaintiff commenced this
action, Suit No 369 of 2011, on 20 May 2011. The claim was for a sum of
$10,138,128.28, which consisted of two parts:

(a) Loss of prospective fees for architectural works not carried out amounting
to $5,626,653.31; and

(b) Fees of $4,511,474.97 for certain architectural work carried out.

5 The defendant in turn counterclaimed for the sum of $23,410,000. This was
for loss and damage suffered as a result of the plaintiff’s delay in providing
the defendant with a letter of release after the defendant terminated the
plaintiff’s services.

6 On 28 July 2011, some two months after the writ was filed, the plaintiff’s
solicitors, M/s MPillay (“MPillay”), sent a letter (“the OTS”) to the
defendant’s then solicitors, M/s Kelvin Chia Partnership. In it, the plaintiff
offered to settle its claim against the defendant for the sum of about $2.6m.
The letter stated as follows:

The Plaintiff offers to fully and finally settle all of the Plaintiff’s
claims, all of the Defendant’s counterclaims and all matters arising in this
Suit on the following terms:

1\. The Defendant is to pay to the Plaintiff the sum of S$2,588,666;

2\. If this Offer to Settle is accepted by the Defendant no later than 14 days
from today, i.e. by 11 August 2011:

a) Parties will bear their own legal costs from the date of commencement of
these proceedings on 20 May 2011 to the date of the Defendant’s notice of
acceptance (if any); and

b) The Settlement Sum shall be inclusive of interest accrued from the date of
commencement of these proceedings on 20 May 2011;

3\. If this Offer to Settle is accepted by the Defendant after 11 August 2011:

a) The Defendant is to pay to the Plaintiff the Plaintiff’s costs:

a. on a standard basis, from the date of commencement of these proceedings on
20 May 2011 to 11 August 2011,

b. on an indemnity basis, from 12 August 2011 up to the date of the
Defendant’s notice of acceptance (if any);

b) The Defendant is to pay to the Plaintiff interest at 1.5% per annum, for
the period from 20 May 2011 up to the date of payment;

4\. Costs to be paid pursuant to this Offer to Settle, to be taxed if not
agreed; and

5\. The Plaintiff is to discontinue its claims against the Defendant, and the
Defendant is to discontinue its counterclaim against the Plaintiff, within 7
days of payment of the sums payable pursuant to this Offer to Settle.

7 On 8 February 2012, the plaintiff applied in summons no 603 of 2012 for
bifurcation of the suit to determine the issues of liability and quantum in
separate trials. The court granted the application on 7 March 2012. The trial
on liability was heard in October 2012. On 26 March 2013, I issued my
decision, allowing part of the plaintiff’s claim and dismissed the rest. I
also dismissed the defendant’s counterclaim. I ordered damages to be assessed
by the registrar.

8 On 22 April 2013, a few days before expiry of the period to file notice of
appeal against my decision, the defendant’s solicitors, M/s Jimmy Yap & Co
(“JYC”), wrote to MPillay to ask if the plaintiff was _“prepared to accept the
outcome of the matter without taking the matter further to the Court of
Appeal”_ [emphasis in original]. The letter further stated that if the
plaintiff was prepared to do so, the defendant would also not appeal. MPillay
replied on 23 April 2013 stating that “[i]f your client’s proposal is made
with the intention of avoiding further time and costs, please be reminded that
our client’s Offer to Settle remains open for acceptance”. There was no
further correspondence on this matter and on 25 April 2013, both parties filed
notices of appeal against that part of my decision that found the defendant
liable to the plaintiff with damages to be assessed. However the defendant did
not appeal against the dismissal of its counterclaim.

9 On 24 September 2013, the Court of Appeal heard the appeals. The plaintiff’s
appeal was allowed and the defendant’s appeal dismissed. Later that same day,
JYC sent to MPillay a document entitled “Notice of Acceptance of Plaintiff’s
Offer to Settle”. This document (“the NOA”) purported to accept the OTS. It
stated as follows:

The Defendant accepts your Offer to Settle dated the 28th day of July 2011 on
the following terms:

1\. The Defendant is to pay to the Plaintiff the sum of S$2,588,666.

2\. The Defendant is to pay to the Plaintiff the Plaintiff’s costs of the
Claim and Counterclaim to be taxed if not agreed:

a) on a standard basis, from the date of commencement of these proceedings on
20 May 2011 to 11 August 2011;

b) on an indemnity basis, from 12 August 2011 up to the date of this Notice of
Acceptance.

3\. The Defendant is to pay to the Plaintiff interest at 1.5% per annum, for
the period from 20 May 2011 up to the date of payment.

4\. The Plaintiff is to discontinue its claims against the Defendant within 7
days of payment of the aforesaid sum of $2,588,666, interest and costs.

By a letter dated 25 September 2013 from MPillay to JYP, MPillay stated, among
other things, that the OTS “remained open for acceptance so long as the Court
had not disposed of the matter in respect of which the OTS was made” and as
“that had ceased to be the case before [the defendant’s] purported
acceptance”, the OTS was “no longer capable of being accepted”. There was
further exchange of correspondence between the solicitors on whether the
defendant’s purported acceptance of the OTS was valid and therefore had
compromised the action, but such correspondence are not relevant for my
determination of the issue.

The defendant’s submissions

10 The defendant’s position was that the OTS did not specify a time for
acceptance. Order 22A r 3(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“ROC”) states that an offer may be withdrawn at any time after the expiry of
14 days from the date of service of the offer on the other party, provided
that at least one day’s prior notice is given. Order 22A r 3(5) of the ROC
provides that, if not withdrawn, the offer may be accepted at any time before
the court disposes of the matter in respect of which the offer is made. As no
such notice was given in this case, it remained open for acceptance at the
time the NOA was served.

11 The defendant submitted that, at the time of the NOA, the court had not
disposed of the matter in respect of which the OTS was made (O 22A r 3(5)).
This was because the OTS was made in respect of the entire suit as it dealt
with both issues of liability and damages. As at the date of the NOA, 24
September 2013, only the issue of liability had been disposed of. The issue of
damages, which remain to be assessed, has not yet been disposed of.

12 The defendant highlighted that the OTS was an offer to “fully and finally
settle all of the Plaintiff’s claims, all of the Defendant’s counterclaims and
all matters arising in the Suit”. While it was a term of the OTS that the
defendant was to discontinue its counterclaim against the plaintiff, it had
become irrelevant by 24 September 2013 because there was no counterclaim for
the defendant to discontinue. The defendant further pointed out that, even
after the defendant’s counterclaim had been dismissed by the High Court, the
plaintiff itself had maintained, by way of a letter, that the OTS remained
open for acceptance by the defendant.

13 The defendant also submitted that its position made eminent sense. Its
argument was as follows:

(a) The defendant’s position may be tested by looking at the matter from the
plaintiff’s perspective.

(b) Pursuant to O 22A r 9(1) of the ROC, where an offer to settle made by a
plaintiff:

(i) is not withdrawn and has not expired before the disposal of the claim in
respect of which the offer to settle is made; and

(ii) is not accepted by the defendant, and the plaintiff obtains a judgment
not less favourable than the terms of the offer to settle;

(a) the plaintiff is entitled to costs on the standard basis to the date the
offer to settle was served, and costs on the indemnity basis from that date,
unless the court orders otherwise.

(c) Could the plaintiff rely on O 22A r 9(1) of the ROC, and its OTS if it
were subsequently awarded damages of more than S$2,588,666 (assuming the OTS
was neither accepted nor withdrawn in the interim)?

(d) The answer must be “yes”. Otherwise, the plaintiff would be put in the
absurd situation of its OTS being nullified, and losing the advantage of
making that OTS, simply because the Court had decided on the issue of
liability first.

(e) More importantly, if the plaintiff was entitled to rely on the OTS when
damages are determined, then why could not the defendant accept it before that
determination? If the plaintiff were to have the advantage of the OTS, it must
necessarily follow that the OTS remained open for acceptance by the defendant
until the issue of damages was determined.

14 The defendant further submitted that its position was consistent with the
policy behind offer to settle, and the _contra proferentum_ rule for the
following reasons:

(a) The whole object of offer to settle was to spur the parties to bring
litigation to an expeditious end without judgment, and thus to save costs and
judicial time: _Singapore Court Practice 2009 (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed)
(LexisNexis, 2009)_ at para 22A/1/2; _Singapore Airlines Ltd v Tan Shwu Leng_
[2001] 3 SLR(R) 439 at [37] (_“Singapore Airlines Ltd”)_.

(b) Consistent with this principle, an offer to settle made in a bifurcated
action, and which dealt with both liability and damages, must remain open for
acceptance after liability had been determined but before damages were
assessed as a party could not benefit from its offer to settle if it were
withdrawn before the disposal of the claim in respect of which the offer to
settle was made: see O 22A r 9(1) of the ROC; also see _Man B &W Diesel S E
Asia Pte Ltd and another v PT Bumi International Tankers and another appeal_
[2004] 3 SLR(R) 267, in which the Court of Appeal held that the appellants
were not entitled to indemnity costs because their offer to settle (which was
valid only for 14 days) had expired before the disposal of the claim. In other
words, the offer to settle was, according to O 22A r 3(4), deemed to have been
withdrawn after the 14 days.

(c) Indeed, one of the benefits of bifurcation was precisely to allow parties
to settle once liability had been decided.

(d) Further, if there were any ambiguity about the meaning of the OTS, the
words must be construed against the plaintiff, who made the offer. Not only
was this consistent with the _contra proferentum_ rule, where the words of an
ambiguous document will be construed against the person who put them forward:
Kim Lewison, _The Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2011)
at para 7.08, it was also consistent with the object of offers to settle,
which was to encourage the speedy termination of litigation by agreement of
the parties.

(e) Indeed, after the interlocutory judgment, the plaintiff took the position
that the OTS remained open for acceptance, which the defendant accepted on 24
September 2013.

The plaintiff’s submissions

15 The plaintiff’s submissions were threefold:

(a) The defendant’s acceptance was invalid as it did not accept the OTS on its
terms.

(b) The OTS was no longer capable of being accepted, as the Court has disposed
of the matter in respect of which it was made.

(c) The defendant’s conduct in these proceedings ran contrary to, and made a
mockery of the rationale underpinning the offer to settle regime.

(a) Acceptance not on terms of OTS

16 The plaintiff first referred to _Fuyawa Enterprise Pte Ltd v Lim Han Tee
trading as Wifu Marketing_ [1996] SGHC 300 (“ _Fuyawa Enterprise”_) for the
proposition that an offeree’s acceptance must mirror the terms of the offer to
settle. The defendant in that case had accepted the plaintiff’s offer to
settle dated 23 September 1995. The disputed term stated that “the Defendant
will bear taxed costs of the Plaintiff’s claim and the Defendant’s
counterclaim which the Plaintiffs are entitled to of this matter to-date”. The
High Court recorded consent judgment on 3 November 1995, and held that the
order for costs was for costs up to 3 November 1995. The defendant sought
clarification on the period covered by the costs order, arguing that costs
should be ordered only up to 23 September 1995, _ie_ , the date of the offer
to settle. The judge disagreed and held that the expression “to-date” in the
offer to settle referred to the date of acceptance and not the date of offer.
The judge reasoned as follows:

It may be unfortunate that the Plaintiffs’ offer of settlement did not say
costs as at the date of acceptance, but _in the scheme of things under O 22A
of the Rules of Supreme Court, a party must accept the offer in the prescribed
form. The acceptance by the Defendant in this case was not in the prescribed
form. Had he done so he would have been obliged to set out the terms in
consecutively numbered paragraphs and the acceptance would be dated the 3
November 1995._ The phrase “to-date” in paragraph 5 of the Plaintiffs’ offer
must be read to mean the date of acceptance and not the date in which the
offer was dated as _the offeree’s acceptance must necessarily mirror this
term_ and the date of the acceptance must be 3 November 1995 and not 23
September 1995. … [emphasis added]

17 With respect, I do not see anything in this authority that assists the
plaintiff’s position. If anything, it shows that the courts look at the
substance of the offer and acceptance rather than the strict form when
considering whether a purported acceptance is valid. In my opinion, this is
necessary because there is no standard manner of formulating an offer as there
is an infinite variety of circumstances as well as differing quality of
drafting. In _Fuyawa Enterprise_ , despite the fact that, on the face of a
document dated 23 September 1995 the offer was for “costs to-date”, the court
interpreted this to refer to costs as at the eventual date of acceptance and
not the date of the document.

18 The plaintiff next referred to _Ip Yun Ha v Dennis Wee Realty Pte Ltd_
[2011] SGDC 15 (“ _Ip Yun Ha_ ”) and to _Re Desanto et al v Cretzman et al_ 53
OR (2d) 732; 1986 CanLII 2663 (“ _Re Desanto_ ”), a District Court of Ontario
decision, for the proposition that an acceptance must be done without any
amendment or variation and must be unqualified and unconditional. If a party
qualified its acceptance of the offer to settle, it would amount to a counter-
offer, not an acceptance. This is correct in principle, but it is a question
of fact and law whether the purported acceptance is an acceptance of the offer
or is a counter-offer.

19 The plaintiff submitted that the NOA did not mirror the terms of the OTS as
it did not make reference to (a) the S$2,588,666 concurrently settling
defendant’s counterclaim, and (b) the defendant’s obligation to discontinue
its counterclaim. The nub of this submission is as follows. The OTS required
the defendant to pay the plaintiff $2,588,666 in full and final settlement of
all the plaintiff’s claims and defendant’s counterclaims arising in the suit
along with certain terms as to costs and discontinuance of the claim and
counterclaim. Upon expiry of the period for appeal against the decision to
dismiss the counterclaim, such counterclaim was finally determined. The
defendant was therefore unable in the NOA to mirror the terms of the OTS and
state that it was to settle both the claim and counterclaim. Further, the OTS
obliged both parties to discontinue the claim and counterclaim. However the
defendant was not able to discontinue the counterclaim as it had been
dismissed by the High Court and was made final when the defendant did not file
an appeal within time.

(b) OTS no longer capable of being accepted

20 The plaintiff submitted that the OTS was no longer capable of being
accepted as the court had disposed of the matter in respect of which it was
made, _ie_ , both the claim and the counterclaim, in the sense that the
counterclaim was already disposed of, even though the quantum of the claim was
not. This argument relied on an interpretation of the OTS not apparent on its
face, _ie_ , that the OTS would no longer be open for acceptance if the claim
was finally determined.

(c) Defendant’s conduct contrary to offer to settle regime

21 The plaintiff referred to _The “Endurance 1”_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 970 at [41],
which cited _Data General (Canada) Ltd v Molnar Systems Group Inc_ _and
Corporation of the Town of Lindsay_ (1991) 85 DLR (4th) 392 (“ _Data General_
”) for the proposition that the purpose of the offer to settle regime was to
“encourage the termination of litigation by agreement of the parties – more
speedily and less expensively than by judgment of the court at the end of the
trial. _The impetus to settle is a mechanism which enables a plaintiff to make
a serious offer respecting his or her estimate of the value of the claim which
will require the defendant to give early (that is, when the offer is served)
and careful consideration of the merits of the case_ ” [emphasis in original].
The plaintiff also cited _Singapore Airlines Ltd_ at [37], which stated that
the whole object of this regime was to “spur the parties to bring litigation
to an expeditious end without judgment, and thus to save costs and judicial
time”.

22 The plaintiff submitted that the defendant’s conduct was contrary to the
spirit of the regime. Its acceptance was served very late in the proceedings,
_ie_ , after a two-week trial, judgment, and the hearing and disposal by the
Court of Appeal of its subsequent appeal, on 24 September 2013. This was more
than two years after the OTS had been made, _ie_ , on 28 July 2011. The
defendant had refused, contrary to the aims of the offer to settle regime, to
“ _give early and careful consideration_ ” [emphasis in original] of the
proposed settlement sum in relation to the merits of both the plaintiff’s
claim and its own counterclaim. The defendant’s conduct in these proceedings
clearly ran contrary to the rationale underpinning the offer to settle regime.
In essence, the defendant was seeking to utilise the offer to settle regime
after a two-week trial of the action and a further appeal to the Court of
Appeal, when the OTS, made before the close of pleadings, was designed to
avoid such costs. The defendant’s actions made a mockery of the purpose
underpinning the offer to settle regime.

My reasons

23 To understand the law relating the offer to settle regime established by O
22A of the ROC, it would be instructional to trace its origins. I now do so.

Payment into Court

24 Prior to 1993, the Rules of the Supreme Court (the predecessor to the ROC)
provided a specific regime under O 22 to make an offer to settle with
consequences on costs. That order sets out in detail the manner in which
parties may make payment into court as an offer to settle a claim or
counterclaim or both. Aside from minor amendments to O 22 to insert r 1(7) and
to reflect the changes to (a) Form numbers as set out in the Rules, and (b)
section numbers of the Civil Law Act, its present form is unchanged. Order 22
r 1 provides as follows:

1\. —(1) In any action for a debt or damages any defendant may at any time
after he has entered an appearance in the action pay into Court a sum of money
in satisfaction of the cause of action in respect of which the plaintiff
claims or, where 2 or more causes of action are joined in the action, a sum or
sums of money in satisfaction of all or any of those causes of action.

(2) On making any payment into Court under this Rule, and on increasing any
such payment already made, the defendant must give notice thereof in Form 31
to the plaintiff and every other defendant (if any); and within 3 days after
receiving the notice the plaintiff must send the defendant a written
acknowledgment of its receipt.

(3) A defendant may, without leave, give notice of an increase in a payment
made under this Rule but, subject to that and without prejudice to paragraph
(5), a notice of payment may not be withdrawn or amended without the leave of
the Court which may be granted on such terms as may be just.

(4) Where 2 or more causes of action are joined in the action and money is
paid into Court under this Rule in respect of all, or some only of, those
causes of action, the notice of payment —

(_a_) must state that the money is paid in respect of all those causes of
action or, as the case may be, must specify the cause or causes of action in
respect of which the payment is made; and

(_b_) where the defendant makes separate payments in respect of each, or any 2
or more, of those causes of action, must specify the sum paid in respect of
that cause or, as the case may be, those causes of action.

(5) Where a single sum of money is paid into Court under this Rule in respect
of 2 or more causes of action, then, if it appears to the Court that the
plaintiff is embarrassed by the payment, the Court may, subject to paragraph
(6), order the defendant to amend the notice of payment so as to specify the
sum paid in respect of each cause of action.

(6) Where a cause of action under section 10 of the Civil Law Act (Chapter 43)
and a cause of action under section 20 of that Act are joined in an action,
with or without any other cause of action, the causes of action under those
sections shall, for the purpose of paragraph (5), be treated as one cause of
action.

(7) For the purposes of this Rule, the plaintiff’s cause of action in respect
of a debt or damages shall be construed as a cause of action in respect, also,
of such interest as might be included in the judgment, if judgment were given
at the date of the payment into Court.

25 Strict clarity is required on the terms of any payment into court. Rule
1(4) requires the offeror to specify which of several causes of action the
payment is made for and r 1(5) empowers the court to order a party to clarify
an ambiguous offer. Rule 6 provides that rules apply with necessary
modifications to a counterclaim. Rule 3(5) provides as follows:

Where money is paid into Court by a defendant who made a counterclaim and the
notice of payment stated, in relation to any sum so paid, that in making the
payment the defendant had taken into account and satisfied the cause or causes
of action, or the specified cause or causes of action in respect of which he
claimed, then, on the plaintiff accepting that sum, all further proceedings on
the counterclaim or in respect of the specified cause or causes of action, as
the case may be, against the plaintiff shall be stayed.

These requirements are encapsulated in the prescribed notice of payment, Form
31, which requires a statement as to the cause or causes of action for which
payment is made and whether it includes settlement of the counterclaims.

26 Under O 22 r 3 of the ROC, a plaintiff has 14 days from the receipt of the
notice of payment, or within 14 days of receipt of an amended notice, to
accept the payment or amended payment, but such acceptance must be done prior
to the commencement of the trial or hearing. After such commencement of the
trial, the plaintiff has two days of receipt of notice of payment or amended
notice but this must be done before the Judge has begun to deliver judgment.
Upon acceptance, all further proceedings in the action, or in respect of the
causes of action and counterclaims, the subject of the payment into court
shall be stayed – O 22 r 3(4) and (5).

27 It should be noted that O 22 is silent on the situation where a
counterclaim is finally determined before the claim is determined. As to
withdrawal, O 22 r 1(3) states that a payment into court “may not be withdrawn
or amended without leave of the Court which may be granted on such terms as
may be just” although a defendant may, without leave, give notice of an
increase to any payment into Court.

28 The cost consequences of payment into court are set out in O 59 r 5(_a_)
and r 10(2) of the ROC. Rule 5(_a_) provides that the Court shall take into
account any payment of money into Court and the amount of such payment. Rule
10(2) states that a plaintiff who accepts money paid into Court is entitled to
costs up to the time of receipt of the notice of payment, unless the Court
orders otherwise.

29 In addition, O 59 r 3(8) deals with costs of counterclaim in the following
manner:

Where a plaintiff accepts money paid into Court by a defendant who
counterclaimed against him, then, if the notice of payment given by that
defendant stated that he had taken into account and satisfied the cause of
action or, as the case may be, all the causes of action in respect of which he
counterclaimed, that defendant shall, unless the Court otherwise directs, be
entitled to his costs of the counterclaim incurred to the time of receipt of
the notice of acceptance by the plaintiff of the money paid into Court.

30 The payment into court regime contemplates that the court may take into
account money paid into court to settle all or some of the causes of action
and all or some of the counterclaims. The default position is that where a
party accepts the payment, he is only entitled to costs up to the time of
receipt of the notice of payment. However there is a residual discretion on
the part of the court to make a different order in accordance with the
circumstances of the case.

Calderbank offer

31 A significant lacuna in O 22 of the ROC is that it is only applicable where
the action pertains to the payment of a sum of money. Furthermore, it is only
available to a defendant, or a defendant to a counterclaim. It is not
available where the subject of the dispute did not turn on payment of a sum of
money, or where a plaintiff wished to make an offer to settle for a lower sum
than what he claimed. Finally this procedure is only available after the writ
is filed. The courts eventually developed an extra-statutory inducement for
parties to settle through the exercise of its discretionary powers to order
costs.

32 _Calderbank v Calderbank_ [1976] Fam 93 (CA) concerned divorce proceedings
in England in which the wife sought a declaration that she was the sole
beneficial owner of the matrimonial home which she had paid for but was held
in the husband’s name. The wife had also purchased a house in her name for the
occupation of the husband’s mother. The court granted the declaration sought
by the wife and ordered her to make a lump sum payment of £10,000 to the
husband out of the proceeds of sale. The judge made no order as to costs. The
wife appealed. The English Court of Appeal dismissed her appeal on the
substantive order. When it came to the wife’s appeal against the order that
each party was to bear its own costs, her solicitor asked for guidance of the
Court of Appeal in relation to the wife’s offer, by a letter from her
solicitors marked “without prejudice”, to settle the matter by transferring
the house occupied by the husband’s mother which was worth substantially more
than the £10,000 the husband obtained. The offer had not been accepted. The
Court of Appeal held that as the letter was marked “without prejudice”, it
could not be brought up for consideration of the court even on the question of
costs. Addressing counsel’s point that it was difficult for a party in such a
situation to make an offer to a claimant in order to save cost, Cairns LJ
suggested that it was possible for a party to make an offer which was without
prejudice to the issue of damages but with the right to be used on the
question of costs. The judge stated as follows (at 105-106):

… Mr. Hordern then indicated the difficulty that a party might be in in
proceedings of this kind when he or she was willing to accede to some extent
to an application that was made and desired to obtain the advantages that
could be obtained in an ordinary action for debt or damages by a payment into
court, that not being a course which would be appropriate in proceedings of
this kind.

There are various other types of proceedings well known to the court where
protection has been able to be afforded to a party who wants to make a
compromise of that kind and where payment in is not an appropriate method. One
is in proceedings before the Lands Tribunal where the amount of compensation
is in issue and where the method that is adopted is that of a sealed offer
which is not made without prejudice but which remains concealed from the
tribunal until the decision on the substantive issue has been made and the
offer is then opened when the discussion as to costs takes place. Another
example is in the Admiralty Division where there is commonly a dispute between
the owners of two vessels that have been in collision as to the apportionment
of blame between them. It is common practice for an offer to be made by one
party to another of a certain apportionment. If that is not accepted no
reference is made to that offer in the course of the hearing until it comes to
costs, and then if the court’s apportionment is as favourable to the party who
made the offer as what was offered, or more favourable to him, then costs will
be awarded on the same basis as if there had been a payment in.

I see no reason why some similar practice should not be adopted in relation to
such matrimonial proceedings in relation to finances as we have been concerned
with.

Mr. Millar drew our attention to a provision in the Matrimonial Causes Rules
1968 with reference to damages which were then payable by a co-respondent,
provision to the effect that an offer might be made in the form that it was
without prejudice to the issue as to damages but reserving the right of the
co-respondent to refer to it on the issue of costs. It appears to me that it
would be equally appropriate that it should be permissible to make an offer of
that kind in such proceedings as we have been dealing with and I think that
that would be an appropriate way in which a party who was willing to make a
compromise could put it forward. I do not consider that any amendment of the
Rules of the Supreme Court is necessary to enable this to be done.

33 However Cairns LJ ruled that the wife was entitled to costs in the court
below because she had made an offer in an affidavit filed in the proceedings
to transfer to the husband the house occupied by his mother, then worth about
£12,000. The husband ought to have accepted that offer but he had persisted in
the proceedings and recovered a sum smaller than the value of the house. For
the proceedings in the court below, the husband was awarded costs up to the
date of the affidavit and the wife was awarded her costs from that date.

34 Following this decision, the dictum of Cairns LJ was adopted in matrimonial
proceedings, in which a party made a written offer to settle “without
prejudice save as to costs”: see _Cutts v Head and another_ [1984] 1 Ch 290 at
302 (“ _Cutts_ ”). Such letters became known as a Calderbank offer. The
English Court of Appeal in _Cutts_ considered the authorities and held that
the Calderbank offer was not restricted to matrimonial proceedings. This
position was followed in Singapore. If the outcome was less favourable than a
Calderbank offer, the letter would be shown to the court and taken into
consideration on the question of costs: see _Shi Fang v Koh Pee Huat_ [1996] 1
SLR(R) 906 at [54]-[55].

35 However a Calderbank offer, unlike the statutory regime under O 22 and O
22A of the ROC, does not bind the court to award costs in any particular
manner but is one factor that the court will take into consideration in the
exercise of its discretion to award costs: see _SBS Transit Ltd (formerly
known as Singapore Bus Services Limited) v Koh Swee Ann_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 365
(“ _SBS Transit_ ”) at [21] and [24]. Further, a Calderbank offer is
terminated by the other party’s rejection of it: see _SBS Transit_ at [23].

36 Hence it is not surprising that no consistent treatment was given by the
courts to Calderbank offers as there is a wide variation in circumstances of
each case. In _Lie Djioe_ _Boei alias Lee Yew Wee Executor of the Estate of
Lioe_ _Soei_ _Tjin alias Liu Swee Chin (or Lie Soei_ _Tjin also known as Liu
Swee Chin, deceased) v Huang Han Jiang (alias Huang Han Jiang)_ [2000] SGHC
107 at [9], the defendant made a Calderbank offer near the end of the trial.
It was rejected by the plaintiff. The judgment resulted in an outcome that was
substantially similar to the offer and much lower than the plaintiff’s claim.
The court took the view that the plaintiff was entitled to some costs and
awarded him one-third costs up to the date of the Calderbank offer. In
_Colgate Palmolive Ltd and another v Markwell Finance and another_ [1990] RPC
197, the circumstances of the defendants’ Calderbank offer was such that it
would be inappropriate to deprive the plaintiffs of any part of their costs of
the action (at 201, [25]). The court held that the offer was inadequate in
three respects: (a) it was delivered four days (including a weekend) before
the trial in which the plaintiffs’ witnesses had to travel from abroad; (b)
the letter did not offer all the relief to which the plaintiffs were entitled;
and (c) the offer related to part of the subject matter of the actions and
thus, a settlement on that basis would have no, or no significant, reduction
in the time occupied by the trial. In contrast, in _Butcher v Wolfe and
another_ [1999] 2 FCR 165, the plaintiff was ordered to pay all the costs of
the action. The defendant made a Calderbank offer to buy out the plaintiff’s
interest in the land on a tenanted basis and stated that, if the sum was not
acceptable but the basis of valuation was agreed, parties should agree on a
procedure for determining an independent valuation. It was met with an
outright refusal by the plaintiff because she disagreed with the basis of
valuation. In the course of the action, however, she accepted the offer, and
it was on the basis for which the defendants had always contended and which
she had always opposed (at 173). Accordingly, the plaintiff had obtained
nothing in the action that she could not have obtained more cheaply by
accepting the letter (at 178), and the court unanimously upheld the decision
below that the plaintiff should pay costs.

37 As can be seen from the foregoing, the court has broad discretion as to
costs in assessing Calderbank offers. Generally, the court’s consideration
will bear on reasonableness or otherwise of an offeree’s refusal to accept the
Calderbank offer: see _Chrulew and others v Borm-Reid & Co_ [1992] 1 WLR 176
(per Waller J at 185). This will, as illustrated above, will turn upon the
terms of Calderbank offer and the specific circumstances surrounding it.

38 The Calderbank offer was much more flexible than the payment into court
procedure as it was available even before the writ was filed and applicable to
the plaintiff as well as the defendant. It could also handle circumstances
that did not involve cash. An important and practical difference between a
Calderbank offer and payment into court was that the latter procedure required
a defendant to actually come up with the money to make the payment into court.
This was an inconvenient procedure compared to the Calderbank offer,
especially at an early stage in the proceedings. In practice, this meant that
the payment into court procedure became otiose as defendants would simply
resort to Calderbank offers as opposed to coming out with cash at the outset.
In _Cutts_ , Oliver LJ cautioned that a Calderbank offer cannot be used as a
substitute for payment into court, stating as follows (at 312):

I would add only one word of caution. … it should not be thought that this
involves the consequence that [the Calderbank offer] can now be used as a
substitute for a payment into court, where a payment into court is
appropriate. In the case of the simple money claim, a defendant who wishes to
avail himself of the protection afforded by an offer must, in the ordinary
way, back his offer with cash by making a payment in and, speaking for myself,
I should not, as at present advised, be disposed in such a case to treat a
_Calderbank_ offer as carrying the same consequences as payment in.

39 The caution sounded by Oliver LJ was incorporated in the UK Rules of the
Supreme Court by the addition of O 22 r 14 in 1986. This rule gave legislative
effect to the Calderbank offer but excluded from its ambit any offer that, at
the time it was made, was capable of being the subject of a payment into court
under the same order. Following the changes to the English rules, a similar
change was enacted in O 22 r 13 of the Singapore’s Rules of the Supreme Court
and Rules of the Subordinate Courts in 1992. As with the UK amendment, the
Singapore amendment ensured that the “Calderbank letter is only available to a
party who could not have protected his position by payment into court”: see
_Jet Holding Ltd and Others v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd and Another_
[2006] SGHC 20 at [12].

O 22A: Offer to Settle

40 In 1993, the Rules of the Supreme Court and the Rules of the Subordinate
Court were amended to include O 22A, which implemented the offer to settle
regime. At that time, various statutory procedures relating to offers to
settle were in place in a number of Canadian and Australian states. They
included r 37 of the British Columbia Supreme Court Rules, r 49 of the Ontario
Rules of Civil Procedure, Pt 22 and Pt 52 r 17 of the New South Wales Supreme
Court Rules 1970 and r 26 of the Victoria General Rules of Procedure in Civil
Proceedings 1986. It was against this backdrop that O 22A was introduced via S
278/93 and S 279/93 and took effect on 1 July 1993. Importantly, O 22A bore
significant similarities to the provisions in British Columbia, Ontario, New
South Wales and Victoria. For example, except in Victoria, the offer to settle
procedure applied to all actions (not just monetary claims), and was equally
available to plaintiffs and defendants: see O 22A r 1 of the Rules of the
Supreme Court and the Rules of the Subordinate Court, r 37(2) of the British
Columbia Supreme Court Rules, r 49.02(1) of the Ontario Rules of Civil
Procedure and Pt 22 r 2 of the New South Wales Supreme Court Rules 1970.
Another example was where a plaintiff, in several of these jurisdictions,
would _prima facie_ be entitled to costs on an indemnity basis or a solicitor
and client basis if he made an offer to settle (which was not accepted by the
defendant) and the judgment he eventually obtained was not less favourable
than the offer: see O 22A r 9 of the Rules of the Supreme Court and the Rules
of the Subordinate Court, r 49.10(1) of the Ontario Rules of Civil Procedure,
Pt 52 r 17(4) of the New South Wales Supreme Court Rules 1970 and r 26.08(2)
of the Victoria General Rules of Procedure in Civil Proceedings 1986.[note: 1]

41 As the provisions in British Columbia, Ontario, New South Wales and
Victoria constituted important background to the enactment of O 22A of the
ROC, it would be useful to briefly examine their underlying purpose.

42 In British Columbia, the offer to settle mechanism was established as early
as in 1977, though in its earliest form, only a plaintiff may “at any time
before the commencement of the trial” make an offer to settle, and only for an
“action for damages”: r 57(13)(a) of the Supreme Court Rules. Even then, the
policy articulated in r 57 was to “[reward] parties who offer to settle”: see
_FSM v Clarke et al_ [2000] BCSC 96 at [7]. However, the limited scope in
which the offer to settle operated restricted the efficacy of the regime.
Thus, in 1984, when the British Columbia Law Reform Commission studied the
procedures for offer to settle and payment into court, it was concerned with
the way the procedures were “impaired by their confinement to liabilities that
sound in money” and their inability to “be used by an impecunious
[defendant]”. Recommendations to broaden the scope of the procedures were
made, such as providing that the procedure for offers to settle should be open
to any party to litigation and for both monetary and non-monetary relief. The
British Columbia Law Reform Commission also thought that it was “desirable to
encourage parties to litigation to negotiate in good faith”. To this end, the
possibility of increased costs following a refusal of a reasonable offer was
proposed as a solution. If costs could be increased, it would encourage
parties to consider the merits of their case carefully and to either make an
offer to settle or to consider seriously whether to accept the offer to
settle: see Law Reform Commission of British Columbia, _Report on Settlement
Offers_ (LRC 77, September 1984). The offer to settle regime went through a
major revision. On 1 April 1993, when the revised r 37 was enacted, the gist
of these recommendations materialised; the revised rule contained cost
consequences favouring a party who made a reasonable offer that was refused by
the other party: rr 37(2), 37(23)–(26) of the Supreme Court Rules.

43 Likewise, the Ontario procedure was established with a mind to encourage
settlement. In _Data General_ , Morden ACJO had stated (at 398(h)):

The purpose of Rule 49 is to encourage the termination of litigation by
agreement of the parties - more speedily and less expensively than by judgment
of the court at the end of a trial.  _The impetus to settle is a mechanism
which enables a plaintiff to make a serious_ offer  _respecting his or her
estimate of the value of the claim which will require the defendant to give
early (that is, when the_ offer  _is served) and careful consideration of the
merits of the case_. … [emphasis added]

44 Insofar as r 49 was envisaged to encourage settlement of litigation, the
rule bore fruit. Within four years of its implementation in Ontario, the fact
of “formal offers and their attendant cost consequences” compelled counsel to
“[assess] the merits of a claim more quickly and more seriously”: see Ian R
Stauffer, “Offers to Settle: A Review of Recent Developments” [1989] 10 Advoc
Q 344 at 344. The success of r 49 could, in large part, be attributed to the
cost sanctions in r 49.10 that brought pressure to bear on the offeree to
settle. Indeed, because the Ontario High Court of Justice in _Jacuzzi Canada
Ltd v A Mantella & Sons Ltd et al_ (1988) 31 CPC (2d) 195 recognised that the
intent of the r 49.10 was to induce settlement and avoid trials, it took the
view that tinkering with its _prima facie_ operation would destroy the
predictability necessary for r 49.10 to accomplish its purpose. This was
echoed by Morden JA in _Niagara Structural Steel (St Catharines) Ltd v WD
LaFlamme Ltd_ (1987) 19 CPC (2d) 163 at [11]:

… The general, or basic, rule contained in r. 49.10(1) is intended to be an
incentive to the settlement of litigation. While r. 49.10(1) does not set
forth the basis for resorting to the exception to it, it is reasonable to
assume that the occasions for the application of the exception should not be
so widespread or common that the result would be that the general rule is no
longer, in fact, the general rule. If this were to happen, the presumption in
favour of the general rule and the resulting reasonable degree of
predictability respecting the incidence of costs would disappear and the
incentive policy of the rule would be substantially frustrated. …

45 Subsequently, r 49 of the Ontario Rules of Civil Procedure formed the basis
upon which the Australian rules were derived and a similar procedure, called
“offer of compromise”, was adopted in, among other Australian states. New
South Wales (Supreme Court Rules 1970, Pt 22 and Pt 52 r 17) and Victoria
(General Rules of Procedure in Civil Proceedings 1986, r 26): see _The Laws of
Australia_ vol 5 (5.1–5.6) (Sheryl Jackson, Chris George, BC Cairns & Grant T
Riethmuller eds) (Thomas Reuters) at para 60; Bernard C Cairns, _Australian
Civil Procedure_ (The Law Book Company Limited, 3rd Ed, 1992) at p 376.

46 The New South Wales Court of Appeal in _Maitland Hospital v Fisher (No 2)_
(1992) 27 NSWLR 721 held that the obvious purpose of legislating cost
consequences (with respect to the failure to accept a reasonable offer to
settle) was to facilitate the proper compromise of litigation by equal
measures of a “carrot” and “stick”. The court elaborated (at 724(c)):

… Relevantly, the “carrot” is the promise of indemnity costs to a plaintiff in
the event that the defendant is found unreasonably to have refused an offer of
compromise. The “stick” is the threat of the penalty of the imposition of an
indemnity costs order against a defendant in such circumstances. It is the
obvious intention of the rule to oblige a defendant, which has received an
offer of compromise, to give serious thought to the risk which it may run of
losing the proceedings and then being ordered to pay costs on an indemnity
basis.

47 The same rationale was expressed in Victoria. In _Mutual Community Ltd v
Lorden Holdings Pty Ltd and others_ (unreported, SC (Vic), No 10561/90, 28
April 1993, BC9303878). Byrne J identified the Court’s policy “to encourage
litigating parties to undertake genuine settlement negotiations and, for the
purpose, to face up to serious offers of settlement” (at 12). While Byrne J
found that “[t]he response of a litigant in receipt of an offer of settlement
will always be affected by the prospect that the sum which the Court might
order … may be less advantageous than the terms of the offer”, he observed
that “this prospect alone is not always sufficient to compel a litigant to
face up to the offer”. As such, “[t]he further prospect of a super-added costs
penalty if a reasonable offer be not accepted is a salutary inducement to an
offeree to undertake this often painful task” (at 13).

48 To summarise, the offer to settle procedure in all four jurisdictions had a
common purpose of encouraging settlement. This purpose was effected by a
common measure of penalising a party who rejected a reasonable offer with
costs (and correspondingly, rewarding the other party with such costs). Put
another way, the imposition of certain cost consequences effectively
encouraged settlement by providing parties with a tangible incentive to offer
to settle and to treat offers to settle seriously.

49 The experiences in these jurisdictions also demonstrated, firstly, the
feasibility of instituting an offer to settle regime that is considerably
broader in scope than payment into court or Calderbank offer and, secondly,
that having such a regime could save legal costs and judicial time in ways
that were not possible with payment into court or Calderbank offer.
Furthermore, the arguments in favour of settlement that underlined payment
into court or Calderbank offer would apply with equal force to an offer to
settle regime. Hence, there appeared to be no reason why Singapore should not
similarly introduce a formal procedure for making offers to settle. In fact,
there were several advantages O 22A of the ROC had over payment into court and
Calderbank offer, and these are concisely laid out in _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2013_ (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2013) at para 22A/0/2
and needs no repeating here.

50 In _Singapore Airlines Ltd_ , Chao JA set out the policy behind the O 22A
procedure in the following terms (at [38]):

The scheme of things under O 22A is verily to encourage the plaintiffs to be
realistic in their assessment of what they are entitled to and on the part of
the defendants, to make reasonable offers, on pain of having to bear the costs
on the indemnity basis if they should persist in their exaggerated claims or
maintain their unreasonable position (in respect of an offer from the
plaintiff). The order seeks to promote responsible conduct on the part of both
parties. It discourages obstinacy. The wide discretion given to the court in r
12 is to enable the court to take all pertinent facts and circumstances into
account and arrive at an order on costs which is fair and just. …

51 There is one final point to be made. To the extent that O 22A of the ROC,
when enacted, overlapped with payment into court as a means to initiate
settlement, it rendered the latter otiose. This is to be expected given that O
22A did not require a party making an offer to pay money into court, and was,
on the whole, a more convenient and flexible method. In the scheme of things,
the availability of O 22A as a tool to promote settlement meant that payment
into court would dwindle in significance, although it would still have its
uses in other areas, such as the payment into court to fulfil a condition for
obtaining leave to defend. Along with the enactment of O 22A, O 22 r 13 was
repealed and the Calderbank offer was effectively replaced by the offer to
settle mechanism in O 22A.

Conclusion

52 Having traced the origin of the O 22A procedure and the policy upon which
it is founded, I turn to consider the facts of the present case in the light
of that policy. The following are the salient features of the case:

(a) _Unequal pressure on the parties_ : The writ was filed on 20 May 2011. The
defendant filed its defence and counterclaim on 27 June 2011 and an amended
defence and counterclaim three weeks later on 20 July 2011. The plaintiff had
made the OTS under O 22A on 28 July 2011. By operation of O 22A r 9, the
plaintiff could be entitled to costs on an indemnity basis from that date
onwards. The action proceeded to trial which lasted some ten days and one
appeal which was disposed of in September 2013, more than two years from the
date of the OTS. The peril for the defendant was that it could face
substantial indemnity costs were the plaintiff to recover a sum higher than
the amount offered in the OTS. Since the OTS was on the basis that the
defendant would pay indemnity costs from 12 August 2011, had the defendant not
accepted the OTS, it would still be liable for indemnity costs for the
proceedings to follow, which would be the assessment of damages. The
plaintiff, on the other hand, had no such pressure. It had, at a very early
stage, been prepared to accept the sum in the OTS. If it did obtain more than
that sum at the end of the assessment of damages, the costs advantage it had
accrued from 12 August 2011 meant that it would recover a sum that is close to
its full legal costs.

(b) _Plaintiff had full control_ : The plaintiff was in full control of the
situation. It was open to the plaintiff (but not the defendant) to withdraw
the OTS at any time subject to giving one day’s notice under O 22A r 3(2).

(c) _Terms of OTS determined by the plaintiff_ : Most importantly, the terms
of the OTS were the plaintiff’s. It was open to the plaintiff to limit the
period of validity or phrase it in any fashion but did not do so.

53 The nub of the plaintiff’s position is that the OTS had a self-destruct
provision. Because the OTS states that the settlement is for “all of the
plaintiff’s claims, all of the defendant’s counterclaims and all matters
arising in this Suit”, upon the defendant’s counterclaim being finally
determined (when the defendant did not file an appeal in respect of the
dismissal of its counterclaim), the OTS was no longer capable of being
accepted. The problem is that this position, even if it is tenable, is not
explicit. This means that it is equally possible for the plaintiff to argue,
if the OTS was not accepted and the plaintiff obtained judgment for a more
favourable sum, that the OTS had all the time remained open for acceptance and
asked for indemnity costs all the way back to August 2011. Consequently, it
means that the defendant faced an uncertain state of affairs, and unfairly so.
At the juncture when the time for appealing on the counterclaim had just
passed, it was not wholly clear whether the OTS had expired. If the defendant
adopted the position that the OTS had remained valid, it would be compelled to
seriously consider settlement and the costs consequences of not doing so. If
the defendant assumed instead that the OTS had expired, it would be taking a
chance that the proper interpretation of the OTS was that the OTS was still
valid and that there would be adverse cost consequences for failing to accept
it. Either way, the defendant could not have eliminated the possibility that
it would be made to pay costs on an indemnity basis by virtue of O 22A r 9 of
the ROC.

54 The question in the end is, faced with an ambiguity, where should the court
draw the line. To me, it is clear from the features set out in [52] above that
the court should come down in favour of clear drafting in terms of unambiguous
offers and expiry dates. These factors are entirely within the control of the
offeror. There should be no scope in the O 22A regime for the offeror to turn
it into an instrument of oppression against the offeree. A party making an
offer to settle must state clearly the time within which it is open for
acceptance if there is to be such a limitation. If the acceptance is to be
limited by circumstances rather than a date (_eg_ , first day of the trial of
the action), then it must be stated in the clearest of terms. Any ambiguity
will be interpreted _contra proferentem_. To hold otherwise in this case would
be to arm the plaintiff with a double edged sword against the defendant.

55 Keeping in mind that the offer to settle regime was aimed at promoting
settlement, it is most unfortunate that the OTS in this case had spurred
parties to further litigate on the offer itself (rather than to settle)
because the ambiguity of the terms had attracted conflicting interpretations.
In my view, favouring clear and certain terms in an offer to settle can only
accord with the policy of encouraging settlement. If an offer to settle is to
come to an end according to its own terms, it is sensible that the terms
should be clear enough, such that both parties are able to pinpoint when
exactly the offer expires and the offeree can make a considered decision on
whether, and if so, when to accept.

56 The plaintiff made three points in its submissions (see [15] above). My
responses are as follows:

(a) _Acceptance not on terms of OTS_ : I have pointed out in [17] above that
_Fuyawa Enterprise_ showed that the court would look at the substance of the
offer rather than the strict form when considering whether a purported
acceptance is valid. If the acceptance is qualified or has conditions attached
to it such that _it amounts to a counter-offer_ , then it will not be valid,
as was held in _Ip Yun Ha_ and in _Re Desanto_ ; see [18] above. In the
present case, there was no qualified or conditional acceptance in the way that
was envisaged in _Ip Yun Ha_ and _Re Desanto_. This was simply a case where,
by the time of the defendant’s acceptance of the OTS, the counterclaim had
been determined and therefore there was no need for the defendant to undertake
to discontinue it.

(b) _OTS no longer capable of acceptance as counterclaim had been determined_
: As alluded to in [20] above, this argument relies on an implied term that
the OTS would no longer be open for acceptance if the counterclaim was
settled. I have held in [54] above that the OTS will be interpreted _contra
proferentem_ and therefore that interpretation is not available to the
plaintiff.

(c) _Defendant’s conduct_ : I can see nothing in the manner in which the
defendant accepted the OTS that could operate to deprive them of the right to
accept the OTS where they otherwise would be entitled to do so. Order 22A does
not impose any limitation on the acceptance so long as the offer has not been
withdrawn. Indeed the Order envisages acceptance at any time before final
determination. If a party chose to accept near the conclusion of the suit it
is because that party has deemed it to be in its best interest to do so. It
must be remembered that the defendant in this case had elected to pay
indemnity costs up to the date of acceptance even when the possibility was
still there that he may only incur standard costs should the final award be
less favourable than the offer. So long as the offer has not been withdrawn,
and the risk of indemnity costs being incurred continues, there cannot be any
reason why the court would disallow acceptance at any stage.

57 For the reasons given above, I held that the OTS had not expired on 24
September 2013 and it was therefore validly accepted by the defendant on that
date. Accordingly I gave the declarations prayed for in this summons.

* * *

[note: 1]Rule 37(23) of the British Columbia Supreme Court Rules provided for
“double costs” (instead of costs on an indemnity or a solicitor and client
basis).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Mar 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

