Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tey Tsun Hang _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 39

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 114 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Peter Cuthbert Low (Peter Low LLC) for the appellant;
Mr Andre Jumabhoy, Ms Kok Shu En and Ms Yau Pui Man (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Tey Tsun Hang — Public Prosecutor  
  
28 February 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against conviction and sentence. The appellant was
convicted in the district court by the trial judge (“the TJ”) of six charges
punishable under s 6(_a_) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993
Rev Ed) (“the Act”).

2 The appellant is a 42-year-old man who was, at the material time, an
associate professor employed by the National University of Singapore (“NUS”).
He was attached to the Faculty of Law. He was charged with corruptly receiving
six acts of gratification from one of his students at the material time,
Darinne Ko Wen Hui (“Ms Ko”), as an inducement for showing favour to Ms Ko in
relation to the affairs of his principal, NUS, that is, showing favour in his
assessment of Ms Ko’s academic performance. The six acts of gratification were
as follows:

(a) a Mont Blanc pen worth $740 in May 2010 (DAC 27011/2012);

(b) two tailor-made shirts (“the CYC shirts”) worth $236.20 on 22 June 2010
(DAC 27012/2012);

(c) an iPod Touch (“the iPod”) worth $160 in May 2010 (DAC 27013/2012);

(d) payment of a restaurant bill (“the Garibaldi Bill”) for $1,278.60 on 21
July 2010 (DAC 27014/2012);

(e) sexual intercourse on 24 July 2010 (DAC 27015/2012); and

(f) sexual intercourse on 28 July 2010 (DAC 27016/2012).

3 The appellant was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment each for the first
four charges and three months’ imprisonment each for the final two charges.
The sentences in DAC 27014/2012 and DAC 27015/2012 were ordered to run
consecutively and the rest concurrently. The aggregate sentence was five
months’ imprisonment.

4 The TJ also made an order to forfeit the Mont Blanc pen (and pouch) and the
iPod, and directed the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) to
dispose of these items as the CPIB thinks fit. The TJ also ordered the
appellant to pay a penalty of $278.60 (as the TJ agreed that the appellant had
reimbursed Ms Ko $1,000 of the Garibaldi Bill) and $236.20 (the value of the
CYC shirts).

5 Notwithstanding the appeal against conviction and sentence, the appellant
decided to serve his sentence first. He was released from prison on home
detention on 17 September 2013. He completed his home detention on 5 October
2013. I understand from the Prosecution that the appellant has paid the
penalties.

Issues before the court

6 There are four main issues on appeal:

(a) whether six statements made by the appellant to the CPIB between 5 April
2012 and 24 May 2012 (“the Statements”) should have been admitted as evidence;

(b) whether s 8 of the Act applied. This provision shifts the evidential
burden of proof to an accused person when certain conditions are satisfied;

(c) whether the elements of each offence were made out; and

(d) if so, whether the aggregate sentence was manifestly excessive.

The law on corruption

7 It is necessary to have a clear framework of the law within which a
discussion of the issues, the TJ’s decision, the cases of the parties, and my
eventual decision is possible. I begin by setting out the relevant provisions
in this case.

The relevant statutory provisions

8 Section 6(_a_) of the Act reads as follows:

**6**. If —

(_a_) any agent corruptly accepts or obtains, or agrees to accept or attempts
to obtain, from any person, for himself or for any other person, any
gratification as an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for
having done or forborne to do, any act in relation to his principal’s affairs
or business, or for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any
person in relation to his principal’s affairs or business;

…

he shall be guilty of an offence …

The wording of s 6(_a_) of the Act is substantially similar to that of s 1 of
the Prevention of Corruption Act 1906 (6 Edw 7 c 34) (UK) (“the UK 1906 Act”)
in the United Kingdom (“the UK”).

9 Gratification is defined in s 2 of the Act as follows:

“gratification” includes —

(_a_) money or any gift, loan, fee, reward, commission, valuable security or
other property or interest in property of any description, whether movable or
immovable;

(_b_) any office, employment or contract;

(_c_) any payment, release, discharge or liquidation of any loan, obligation
or other liability whatsoever, whether in whole or in part;

(_d_) any other service, favour or advantage of any description whatsoever,
including protection from any penalty or disability incurred or apprehended or
from any action or proceedings of a disciplinary or penal nature, whether or
not already instituted, and including the exercise or the forbearance from the
exercise of any right or any official power or duty; and

(_e_) any offer, undertaking or promise of any gratification within the
meaning of paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) ...

10 Sections 8 and 9(1) of the Act, both of which could apply to a s 6(_a_)
offence, read as follows:

**8**. Where in any proceedings against a person for an offence under section
5 or 6, it is proved that any gratification has been paid or given to or
received by a person in the employment of the Government or any department
thereof or of a public body by or from a person or agent of a person who has
or seeks to have any dealing with the Government or any department thereof or
any public body, that gratification shall be deemed to have been paid or given
and received corruptly as an inducement or reward as hereinbefore mentioned
unless the contrary is proved.

**9.** —(1) Where in any proceedings against any agent for any offence under
section 6(_a_), it is proved that he corruptly accepted, obtained or agreed to
accept or attempted to obtain any gratification, having reason to believe or
suspect that the gratification was offered as an inducement or reward for his
doing of forbearing to do any act or for showing or forbearing to show any
favour or disfavour to any person in relation to his principal’s affairs or
business, he shall be guilty of an offence under that section notwithstanding
that he did not have the power, right or opportunity to do so, show or forbear
or that he accepted the gratification without intending to do so, show or
forbear or that he did not in fact do so, show or forbear or that the act,
favour or disfavour was not in relation to his principal’s affairs or
business.

11 The applicability of s 8 in the case before me depends on whether NUS is a
“public body”. Section 2 defines “public body” as follows:

“public body” means any corporation, board, council, commissioners or other
body which has power to act under and for the purposes of any written law
relating to public health or to undertakings or public utility or otherwise to
administer money levied or raised by rates or charges in pursuance of any
written law ...

I should mention that there may be a typographical error in that the words
“undertakings _or_ public utility” should read as “undertakings _of_ public
utility”. The latter wording is found in the definition of a “public body” in
the Federation of Malaya’s Prevention of Corruption Ordinance 1950 (Ordinance
No 5 of 1950) (Malaya) (“the Malayan 1950 Ordinance”). The explanatory
statement of the bill for the Singapore Prevention of Corruption Ordinance
1960 (Ordinance No 39 of 1960) (which is the predecessor of the Act) states
that a number of provisions in the Malayan 1950 Ordinance have been
incorporated in the bill.

The elements of the offence

12 The elements of an offence under s 6(_a_) of the Act are set out in _Kwang
Boon Keong Peter v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 211 (“ _Peter Kwang_ ”) at [32] as
follows:

(a) acceptance of gratification;

(b) as an inducement or reward (for any act, favour or disfavour to any person
in relation to the recipient’s principal’s affairs or business);

(c) there was an objective corrupt element in the transaction; and

(d) the recipient accepted the gratification with guilty knowledge.

Actus reus

13 The first element, the acceptance of the gratification, is the physical
criminal act which is also known as the _actus reus_. The _actus reus_ of the
offence is thus complete even if the recipient has not yet had any opportunity
to show favour to the giver in relation to the recipient’s principal’s
affairs.

14 Section 9 further clarifies this position by stating that the actual act of
showing favour to the giver is not necessary to establish the _actus reus_ of
the offence. Section 9 goes one step further to preclude the recipient from
raising as a defence the fact that the recipient did not have the power to,
and did not in fact, show favour to the giver in relation to his principal’s
affairs: see _PP v Victorine Noella Wijeysingha_ [2013] 2 SLR 1001 at [4].

Mens rea

15 Where a charge is made against the recipient, the question is also whether
the recipient possessed a criminal intent, also known as the _mens rea_. The
second to fourth elements set out at [12] concern the _mens rea_. In this
respect, the intention of the recipient is paramount: see _Yuen Chun Yii v PP_
[1997] 2 SLR(R) 209 (“ _Yuen Chun Yii_ ”) at [69]–[70]. However, evidentially,
the intention of the giver is also important as it sheds light on the
recipient’s _mens rea_. Thus, the context of the gift is important. In _Yuen
Chun Yii_ , the court found that the nature of the relationship between the
recipient and the giver, as well as the apparent intention of the giver, was
part of the context which allowed it to make a finding that the recipient
could not have had the necessary _mens rea_.

16 The second element relates to the causal, or consequential, link between
the gratification and the act the gratification was intended to procure (or
reward). The third element relates to whether that act was objectively
dishonest in the entire transaction.

17 Although the second and third elements are conceptually different, they are
part of the same factual enquiry. The question is whether the recipient
received the gratification believing that it was given to him as a quid pro
quo for conferring a dishonest gain or advantage on the giver in relation to
his principal’s affairs. The court has treated these two elements together in
its assessment of whether an offence is made out. Thus, the causal, or
consequential, link between the gratification and the act of favour alleged to
be procured was examined in _Teo Chu Ha v PP_ [2013] 4 SLR 869 (“ _Teo Chu Ha_
”) and _Yuen Chun Yii_ under the rubric of an objective corrupt element.

18 Tan Boon Gin in _The Law of Corruption in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing,
2007), commenting on the paradigm of corruption locally, also treats the
second and third elements as part of the same factual enquiry. The author
observes that the essence of corruption is as follows (at para 3.4):

The paradigm of corruption has already been alluded to earlier. To recap, it
is a situation involving three parties – A, the briber; B, the recipient of
the bribe; and C, the person to whom B owes a _duty_. **The purpose of A
bribing B is to cause B to act in A’s interest, and against the interest of
C** , in breach of B’s duty. This is consistent with the natural and ordinary
meaning of the words “corrupt” and “corruption” as defined in the Oxford
dictionaries. [emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold]

19 Yong Pung How CJ in _Yuen Chun Yii_ (at [71]) and _Chan Wing Seng v PP_
[1997] 1 SLR(R) 721 (“ _Chan Wing Seng_ ”) (at [26]) sought to elucidate the
meaning of an objective corrupt element. He drew on the dictionary definition
of the word “corruption” as a “perversion of a person’s integrity in the
performance of (especially official or public) duty or work by bribery etc”.
Added to this is the ordinary meaning of the word “corrupt”: to “[i]nduce to
act dishonestly or unfaithfully; bribe” (see _Chan Wing Seng_ at [26]). In a
similar vein, Choo Han Teck J observed in _Leng Kah Poh v PP_ [2013] 4 SLR 878
(at [8]) that “dishonesty is a basic element in the offence of corruption”,
although it is not the only element in the offence.

20 It is thus not enough that the purpose of the gratification is to cause the
recipient to perform an act of favour towards the giver in relation to the
recipient’s principal’s affairs. The objective corrupt element implies the
feature of dishonesty. Identifying the nature of the act of accepting the
gratification as “dishonest” is important because it gives shape to the word
“corruptly” in s 6(_a_) of the Act. If the focus were merely on the acceptance
of the gratification as an inducement to show favour to the giver, the word
“corruptly” used in s 6(_a_) of the Act would be redundant.

21 It is possible for a recipient to be guilty of corruption even if the giver
did not intend to make the gratification as a quid pro quo. If the recipient
believed that the gratification was being given to him so that he would confer
a dishonest gain or advantage on the giver even if he could not or did not
intend to perform that act of favour, the necessary intention is still
established. If the recipient intended to lead the giver to believe that he
would confer such an advantage as a result of receiving the gratification,
then the requisite intention is _a fortiori_ established.

22 A recipient of an act of gratification may show that he did not believe
that the purpose of the gratification was a quid pro quo for a dishonest gain
or advantage.

23 For example, the recipient may show that the gratification was accepted by
him as a gift. I am using the word “gift” in this judgment to denote a gift
_simpliciter_ , in contradistinction from “gratification”, to connote a
situation where something is received without believing that the giver expects
a dishonest gain or advantage.

24 This is demonstrated in both _Chan Wing Seng_ and _Yuen Chun Yii._ If an
act of gratification is given as a gift and no more, then it is not received
as an inducement to confer a dishonest gain or advantage on the giver because
it is not given as a quid pro quo. There should not be anything dishonest in
accepting a gift and there would not be an objective corrupt element in the
transaction. The High Court in _Chan Wing Seng_ and _Yuen Chun Yii_ adopted
the latter reasoning. It found that when the recipients accepted the alleged
gratifications, they did so without any ulterior motive as they regarded the
alleged gratifications as gifts and no more.

25 A second example is where the recipient shows that his acceptance of the
act of gratification was received for a service rendered or a thing supplied
which was not, in itself, dishonest. An example would be where a waiter
receives a tip as a reward for providing good service to a customer in
relation to his employer’s restaurant business. Where the practice of tipping
is intended to promote good service, the waiter’s receipt of this
gratification would be honest. Without more, the inference would be that the
person giving the tip did not intend to confer a dishonest gain or advantage
on the waiter for his service.

26 The fourth and final element relates to knowledge: did the recipient know
that the advantage sought to be conferred was corrupt? The High Court in _Chan
Wing Seng_ elaborated on the fourth element as follows (at [23]–[24]):

23 I should clarify that “corrupt intent” actually refers to whether the
accused knew or realised what he did was corrupt by the ordinary and objective
standard. This is a subjective test and a more accurate formulation of what
this court meant when it stated in [_PP v Khoo Yong Hak_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 769]
that “the giving must be accompanied by a corrupt intent”. Thus, guilty
knowledge is required.

24 Bearing in mind the aforesaid, it becomes apparent that the giver might
have given, thinking and believing that his actions were corrupt, but
unbeknown to him, the transaction was perfectly legitimate. Likewise, a
transaction could have a corrupt element, but there was no guilty knowledge
because the giver was operating under a mistaken belief that it was legitimate
to give. In both cases, the offence would not be made out.

I will say more on the fourth element later.

The presumption under s 8 of the Act

27 Section 8 applies if:

(a) it is proved that the accused person received the acts of gratification,
and

(b) the giver has or seeks to have any dealing with the employer of the
accused person, and

(c) the accused person is employed by a “public body” for the purposes of the
Act.

If s 8 applies, the presumption is that the _mens rea_ is made out. It will be
presumed that the recipient believed that the giver was expecting to obtain a
dishonest gain or advantage for the act of improper gratification and that the
recipient had the guilty knowledge discussed as the fourth element.

28 The wording of s 8 of the Act is substantially similar to that of s 2 of
the Prevention of Corruption Act 1916 (6 & 7 Geo 5 c 64) (UK) in the UK (“the
UK 1916 Act”). Lord Lane CJ explained the effect of s 2 of the UK 1916 Act in
_R v Braithwaite (Frank Wilson)_ [1983] 1 WLR 385 (at 389E–G) as follows:

... [W]hen the matters in that section have been fulfilled, the burden of
proof is lifted from the shoulders of the prosecution and descends on the
shoulders of the defence. It then becomes necessary for the defendant to show,
on the balance of probabilities, that what was going on was not reception
corruptly as inducement or reward. In an appropriate case it is the judge’s
duty to direct the jury first of all that they must decide whether they are
satisfied so they are sure that the defendant received money or a gift or
consideration, and then to go on to direct them that if they are so satisfied,
then under section 2 of the [UK 1916 Act] the burden of proof shifts.

29 Thus, the evidential burden of proof shifts to the recipient. The recipient
can then rebut this presumption by evidence of an innocent explanation, proven
on a balance of probabilities: see _R v Mills (Leslie Ernest)_ (1979) 68 Cr
App R 154. The legal burden of proof remains with the Prosecution throughout.

Background facts

The events from January to April 2010

30 The appellant taught an Equity and Trusts class at NUS. In January 2010, Ms
Ko enrolled in this class. She became acquainted with the appellant. Ms Ko
took her examination for the Equity and Trusts class on 27 April 2010.

31 In late February or early March 2010, the appellant requested for student
volunteers from the Equity and Trusts class to assist him with research for
his new book on the same subject. There were no volunteers. On 8 April 2010,
the appellant selected ten students to assist him with the research. Ms Ko was
among those selected.

The events of May 2010 including the gift of a Mont Blanc pen and pen pouch

32 In early May 2010, the appellant met with Ms Ko and the nine others
selected for an hour-long briefing on the research to be done. Ms Ko’s role
was to collate the research done by the other students and perform consistency
checks. After this briefing, Ms Ko and the appellant began communicating daily
via email and a chat programme embedded within an internet email service known
as Gmail (“Google Talk”).

33 At the end of the second week of May 2010, Ms Ko gave the compiled research
to the appellant. The appellant took Ms Ko to lunch, allegedly to thank her
for her assistance. The lunch lasted three and a half hours, during which the
appellant spoke to Ms Ko about his accomplishments.

34 Thereafter, Ms Ko began to spend more time with the appellant, mostly in
the appellant’s office. While in the appellant’s office, the appellant and Ms
Ko would listen to music together on Ms Ko’s iPod.

35 On 26 May 2010, Ms Ko bought a Mont Blanc pen for $740, and an accompanying
pen pouch. Sometime between 26 and 31 May 2010, Ms Ko gave the appellant the
Mont Blanc pen and pen pouch with a gift card (D64).

36 Ms Ko’s exam results were released on 31 May 2010. Two hours before they
were due to be released, the appellant called Ms Ko. He told Ms Ko over the
phone what her grades and confidential class ranking were. The appellant also
tried to persuade Ms Ko not to go on an exchange programme to Duke University
in the United States of America (“USA”). He told her that if she remained in
NUS, she could do even better academically.

The events of June 2010 including the payment for the CYC shirts and the gift
of an iPod

37 In June 2010, the appellant and Ms Ko met every Saturday at his office. Ms
Ko assisted the appellant in formatting chapters for his new book. Ms Ko was,
at the time, interning in a law firm. The appellant would meet her for lunch
twice or thrice a week in addition to communicating electronically with Ms Ko
daily.

38 The appellant and Ms Ko also discussed the possibility of the appellant
meeting Ms Ko in the USA while she was there on an exchange programme in the
second half of 2010. On 3 June 2010, Ms Ko emailed the appellant a suggested
travel itinerary for a proposed trip together to San Francisco from 17 to 24
September 2010.

39 On 6 June 2010, the appellant emailed a friend to ask her how much the Mont
Blanc pen given by Ms Ko would have cost. He claimed at trial that this was so
that he could pay Ms Ko back. The appellant’s friend replied on 10 June 2010
with the estimation that the value of the Mont Blanc pen was $750 and the pen
pouch was $150.

40 The appellant also emailed Ms Ko on 7 June 2010 with a write-up on Chopin.
This was because the Mont Blanc pen which she had given him in late May 2010
had a Chopin design.

41 On 8 June 2010, Ms Ko made an appointment at the USA Embassy on the
appellant’s behalf so that the appellant could obtain a visa to visit the USA.
She emailed the appellant details of the appointment date and a list of
documents which the appellant would have to bring for that appointment.

42 On 12 June 2010, Ms Ko’s boyfriend discovered the emails exchanged between
Ms Ko and the appellant. He concluded that they were in a romantic
relationship. Ms Ko’s boyfriend told Ms Ko’s father of the relationship
between the appellant and Ms Ko. Her father was very angry and told her to
break off the relationship she had with the appellant. Ms Ko sent the
appellant an email on the same day, which was blind copied to her boyfriend
and her father and which read as follows:

Hi,

Whatever has happened was purely a mistake on my part and I cannot and will
not see you/talk to you or come into contact with you ever again. This is for
the best. I have sent you all the research I have done thus far and I’m afraid
you will have to find another person to complete the rest of the research you
had intended for me to do. I will be returning everything you have given me in
your Locker sometime this month.

Goodbye.

Ms Ko

Two days after sending the email, Ms Ko and the appellant resumed regular
contact.

43 On 22 June 2010, Ms Ko and the appellant made a trip together to CYC The
Custom Shop to tailor some shirts for Ms Ko. While they were there, a staff of
the shop suggested that the appellant also tailor some shirts. The appellant
acquiesced. Ms Ko paid for his two shirts, _ie_ , the CYC shirts.

44 In late June 2010, Ms Ko presented the iPod along with another gift card
(D68) to the appellant. She had pre-loaded all the songs which they had
listened to together onto the iPod.

The events of July 2010 including the payment of the Garibaldi Bill and two
acts of sexual intercourse

45 In July 2010, the appellant asked Ms Ko to coordinate a thank you dinner on
the appellant’s behalf for former students who had helped the appellant with
his research. Ms Ko picked Garibaldi Italian Restaurant & Bar (“Garibaldi”) as
a suitable venue and arranged for a suitable date for the dinner.

46 On 19 July 2010, Ms Ko booked the appellant’s flights to visit her at Duke
University from 17 to 25 September 2010. She forwarded the travel itinerary to
the appellant’s email on the same day.

47 The thank you dinner took place on 21 July 2010. During the dinner, Ms Ko
sat on the appellant’s right. She alleged that when the bill was presented,
the appellant pushed the bill towards her. This act came as a surprise to her.
Ms Ko noted that she had a credit card which entitled her to a 15% discount
and she decided to pay the bill without protest. The bill came to $1,278.60.
Ms Ko thought that the appellant would subsequently reimburse her. He did not
do so immediately. She received $1,000 from him six months later, in January
2011, after Ms Ko sent the appellant a reminder via text message.

48 On 24 July 2010, just over a week before Ms Ko was due to leave for the
USA, she went to visit the appellant in his office. They started kissing on
the appellant’s sofa. Their emotions heightened and they had sexual
intercourse. This was Ms Ko’s first time having sex.

49 Ms Ko’s 21st birthday fell on 29 July 2010. On 28 July 2010, the appellant
took Ms Ko out for dinner to celebrate her birthday. After dinner, the
appellant asked if he could stop by his office to pick something up. Ms Ko
acquiesced. When they entered the appellant’s office, the appellant shut the
door and locked it behind them. They had sexual intercourse for a second time
on the sofa in the appellant’s office.

The events of August and September 2010

50 In early August 2010, Ms Ko left for a fall semester exchange programme in
the USA. Prior to her departure, Ms Ko wrote the appellant a farewell card
(D70) and a farewell note (D69). The appellant received the farewell card
before Ms Ko’s departure. The farewell note, which was dated 2 August 2010,
was received by the appellant after Ms Ko had departed for the USA.

51 After Ms Ko arrived in the USA, she remained in contact with the appellant
via email and video chat. Ms Ko said that she found out in late August 2010
that she was pregnant by the appellant and she subsequently underwent an
abortion. She claimed that she was encouraged by the appellant to get an
abortion because he told her that he did not have money and did not want to
keep the baby.

52 From 17 to 25 September 2010, the appellant visited Ms Ko in the USA. He
stayed with Ms Ko. Ms Ko testified during trial that while the appellant paid
for his flights, she paid for his food and shopping expenses during this
visit.

53 During the appellant’s visit to Ms Ko in September, Ms Ko’s boyfriend got
suspicious and checked Ms Ko’s email. He found out about the appellant’s visit
and that the appellant and Ms Ko had been continuing their romantic
relationship in secret. He called Ms Ko’s parents and informed them of Ms Ko’s
relationship with the appellant. Ms Ko’s mother became distressed and made Ms
Ko promise to break off her relationship with the appellant. Ms Ko complied.
She did not contact the appellant from the time he left the USA on 25
September 2010 until her return to Singapore in January 2011.

Events after Ms Ko returned from the USA

54 Ms Ko returned to Singapore in January 2011. Upon her return, she texted
the appellant, requesting that he reimburse her for her payment of the
Garibaldi Bill. By this time, she had forgotten the exact sum she had paid.
She agreed to accept $1,000 as reimbursement and he handed her cash for that
sum in an envelope. Ms Ko testified that her relationship with the appellant
after her return was that of a formal teacher/student relationship.

55 On 30 May 2011, Ms Ko emailed the appellant twice to ask whether it was
worth asking for a review of the marks for her paper on Partnership Law. The
appellant’s response to this email was not included in evidence at the trial.

56 On 8 August 2011, Ms Ko and her best friend, Kenneth Teo (“Mr Teo”),
approached the appellant to direct them in their respective directed research
papers. Ms Ko wanted to do her directed research paper on the topic of Cross-
Border Insolvency. This was Ms Ko’s intended area of specialty upon leaving
law school. The appellant acquiesced.

57 On 15 August 2011, Ms Ko also started taking a Personal Property Law class
taught by the appellant. Ms Ko earned a “B” grade in the class on Personal
Property Law. She obtained an “A” grade in her directed research paper.

The appellant’s arrest and statements

58 In the morning of 2 April 2012, a team of officers from the CPIB went to
the residence of the appellant to bring him to the CPIB for investigation into
the events recounted in the preceding paragraphs. They were informed that he
had already left for work. Due to traffic conditions, another team was
despatched to the appellant’s office at NUS. Before they reached his office,
the appellant had learned of the earlier visit to his residence. He quickly
sent emails to colleagues and to a solicitor, Mr Peter Cuthbert Low (“Mr
Low”), whom he intended to engage. Eventually, the appellant was brought by
the second team from his office to the CPIB that day. CPIB officers conducted
an interview with the appellant, but did not manage to record a statement from
him as he appeared to be unwell. An ambulance was called and the appellant was
warded in Alexandra Hospital that evening. He was discharged on 5 April 2012.

59 After his discharge, the appellant gave the Statements between 5 April 2012
and 24 May 2012 to various CPIB officers. The Statements were as follows:

(a) a statement recorded by Bay Chun How (“Mr Bay”) on 5 April 2012 (PS6);

(b) a statement recorded by Wilson Khoo (“Mr Khoo”) also on 5 April 2012
(PS7);

(c) a statement recorded by Mr Khoo on 10 April 2012 (PS8);

(d) a statement recorded by Teng Khee Fatt (“Mr Teng”) on 17 May 2012 (PS9);

(e) a statement recorded by Mr Teng on 18 May 2012 (PS10); and

(f) a statement recorded by Mr Teng on 24 May 2012 (PS11).

60 During the trial, the appellant challenged the admissibility of the
Statements. He claimed that the Statements had been extracted from him by
threats, inducements and promises, and when he was oppressed and mentally
unwell.

61 The appellant also gave six cautioned statements to the CPIB on 26 July
2012. However, the appellant did not challenge the admissibility of these
statements.

62 Ms Ko gave three statements to the CPIB on the following dates:

(a) a statement recorded by SSI Png Chen Chen on 2 April 2012 (PS1);

(b) a statement recorded by Mr Khoo on 28 April 2012 (PS1A); and

(c) a statement recorded by Mr Khoo on 4 May 2012 (PS1B).

The TJ’s decision

63 I will briefly summarise the decision of the TJ before proceeding to deal
with the issues.

The TJ’s decision on the admissibility of the Statements

64 An ancillary hearing was held to determine the issue of admissibility of
the Statements. At the conclusion of the ancillary hearing, the TJ held that
the Prosecution had proved beyond reasonable doubt that the appellant had made
the Statements voluntarily.

65 The TJ came to that conclusion based on his finding that the CPIB officers
were truthful witnesses. The TJ stated that the appellant’s evidence was
inconsistent and found that he exaggerated and fabricated some details of
fact.

66 The TJ also declined to accept expert medical evidence on the condition of
the appellant. The TJ found that the voluntariness of the Statements was not
affected by any purported medical condition that the appellant was suffering
from or any psychoactive medication that he was consuming at the material
time.

67 The TJ accordingly admitted the Statements.

The TJ’s decision on the substantive issue of corruption

68 The TJ concluded that the appellant did receive the acts of gratification
and the only question that remained was one of _mens rea_.

69 The TJ found that the appellant’s receipt of the gratification triggered
the presumption in s 8 of the Act because NUS is a “public body” for the
purposes of the Act as it provides the public utility of education and
administers government funds. It was not disputed that Ms Ko had and would
have dealings with NUS which employed the appellant at the time the acts of
gratification were received by him. The appellant thus bore the burden of
rebutting the presumption on a balance of probabilities. The TJ found that the
appellant had not discharged this burden of proof. The TJ nevertheless went on
to find that even if s 8 did not apply, the Prosecution had proved its case on
all six charges beyond reasonable doubt.

70 The TJ rejected the appellant’s contention that the appellant was in a
mutually loving relationship with Ms Ko. The TJ found that the appellant had
not been a truthful witness. The TJ characterised the appellant’s relationship
with Ms Ko as “love with an ulterior motive”. The appellant had taken
advantage of Ms Ko “in a corrupt manner” (see [469] of the TJ’s grounds of
decision found at _PP v Tey Tsun Hang_ [2013] SGDC 165, which I will refer to
as “the GD”). The TJ found that the appellant had solicited the acts of
gratification from Ms Ko.

71 Although the TJ found that only the appellant’s intention was relevant, he
also examined the gratification from the point of view of Ms Ko’s intention.

72 The TJ relied on Ms Ko’s first statement to the CPIB where she stated that
her acts were done so that she would “be in [the appellant’s] good books” and
so that she would “not be unduly prejudiced” if she took any of his modules in
the future. The TJ came to the conclusion that Ms Ko’s acts were committed
with the intention that the appellant would show favour to her in her academic
pursuits.

73 Ms Ko changed her position in her third statement to the CPIB and in her
oral evidence at trial. She said the reason for her acts was that she had a
crush on the appellant and that they were in a relationship. The TJ allowed
the Prosecution’s application to impeach Ms Ko’s credit, specifically in
relation to her oral evidence. The TJ placed more weight on Ms Ko’s first
statement. He stated that her later evidence was unreliable as it was made to
exculpate her from having a corrupt intent to bribe the appellant.

74 The TJ concluded that it was Ms Ko’s intention to make the acts of
gratification so that the appellant would show favour to her. The TJ concluded
that the second, third and fourth elements of each offence were made out.

75 In a separate judgment on sentencing (see _PP v Tey Tsun Hang_ [2013] SGDC
166), the TJ found that there were many aggravating factors. The appellant had
initiated the illicit relationship with Ms Ko; he wasted the court’s time by
challenging the admissibility of the Statements at trial; and he deliberately
destroyed the integrity of a public body, NUS. These were all taken into
account in the sentence he arrived at (see [3]–[4] above).

The first issue: admissibility

Parties’ cases on admissibility

76 On appeal, Mr Low narrowed the challenge on the admissibility of the
Statements to three grounds. The first was that the Statements were procured
by threats and inducements. The second was that the Statements were made under
oppressive circumstances. The third related to the appellant’s medical
condition and the side-effects of the psychoactive medication.

77 On the first ground, the appellant made numerous allegations. He alleged
that CPIB officers had threatened to arrest his wife upon her return to
Singapore. He alleged that CPIB officers had threatened to communicate damning
information to his mother, who had a weak heart. He alleged that CPIB officers
had threatened a painful death if he did not confess. He claimed that the CPIB
officers had attempted to induce him to confess by telling him that
confessions had already been lined up, and by leading him to believe he would
be helped if he cooperated.

78 On the second ground, the appellant complained of badgering and frisking by
the CPIB officers, and that the interview room was too stuffy and cold.

79 On the third ground, the appellant claimed that the TJ had erred in
rejecting the evidence of medical experts that the appellant was suffering
from an acute stress disorder when the Prosecution did not have any medical
expert to rebut the diagnoses of the appellant’s medical experts. The
appellant also alleged that he was on psychoactive medication at the time the
Statements were recorded. Mr Low submitted that the combined effect of the
medical condition and the medication rendered the Statements involuntary.

80 Counsel for the Prosecution, Mr Andre Jumabhoy (“Mr Jumabhoy”), argued that
the allegations of threats and inducements and of oppressive circumstances
were not borne out. The testimonies of Mr Khoo, Mr Bay and Mr Teng were
consistent and reliable, and were to be preferred over the appellant’s
evidence.

81 Mr Jumabhoy argued that there was no need to call for rebuttal expert
medical evidence and that the TJ was entitled to come to his own conclusions
as to the appellant’s medical condition. Mr Jumabhoy challenged the diagnoses
of the doctors by reference to the International Classification of Diseases
(“ICD-10”) and the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders
(“DSM-IV”) diagnosis guidelines. Mr Jumabhoy also asserted that the extrinsic
facts showed that the appellant was lucid, could understand questions, and
could respond to them appropriately.

The court’s decision on admissibility

82 The admissibility of statements from the appellant is governed by s 258(3)
of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Cap 68, Act 15 of 2010) (“the CPC”).
There is a subsequent edition of the CPC in 2012. Section 258(3) and the
accompanying explanations read as follows:

(a) 258 – …

(3) The court shall refuse to admit the statement of an accused or allow it to
be used in the manner referred to in subsection (1) if the making of the
statement appears to the court to have been caused by any inducement, threat
or promise having reference to the charge against the accused, proceeding from
a person in authority and sufficient, in the opinion of the court, to give the
accused grounds which would appear to him reasonable for supposing that by
making the statement he would gain any advantage or avoid any evil of a
temporal nature in reference to the proceedings against him.

_Explanation_ 1—If a statement is obtained from an accused by a person in
authority who had acted in such a manner that his acts tend to sap and have in
fact sapped the free will of the maker of the statement, and the court is of
the opinion that such acts gave the accused grounds which would appear to the
accused reasonable for supposing that by making the statement, he would gain
any advantage or avoid any evil of a temporal nature in reference to the
proceedings against him, such acts will amount to a threat, an inducement or a
promise, as the case may be, which will render the statement inadmissible.

_Explanation_ 2—If a statement is otherwise admissible, it will not be
rendered inadmissible merely because it was made in any of the following
circumstances:

(_a_) under a promise of secrecy, or in consequence of a deception practised
on the accused for the purpose of obtaining it;

(_b_) when the accused was intoxicated;

(_c_) in answer to questions which the accused need not have answered whatever
may have been the form of those questions;

(_d_) where the accused was not warned that he was not bound to make the
statement and that evidence of it might be given against him; or

(_e_) where the recording officer or the interpreter of an accused’s statement
recorded under section 22 or 23 did not fully comply with that section.

83 The Prosecution bore the burden of proving beyond reasonable doubt that the
Statements were made voluntarily. Prior to the enactment of the CPC in its
present form, the provisions governing the admissibility of an accused’s
statements were found in s 24 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the
EA”) and s 122(5) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the
CPC 1985”). The provisions in both the EA and the CPC 1985 were substantially
similar: both related to threat, inducement and promise. The difference was
that the former applied to confessions made by an accused, while the latter
applied to all statements made by an accused. Courts have frequently referred
to s 24 of the EA and s 122(5) of the CPC 1985 collectively as the test of
voluntariness (see _Seow Choon Meng v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 338 (“ _Seow Choon
Meng_ ”) at [30]) despite such a term not being expressly used in either of
the provisions.

84 Section 258(3) of the CPC has consolidated the provisions of the EA and the
CPC 1985. Under the current statutory framework, the test of voluntariness is
found entirely in s 258(3) of the CPC: it applies to determine the
admissibility of _all_ statements made by an accused, whether or not they are
confessions.

85 The test of voluntariness was explained in _Gulam bin Notan Mohd Shariff
Jamalddin and another v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 498 (“ _Gulam bin Notan_ ”) at
[53] as follows:

… The test of voluntariness is applied in a manner which is partly objective
and partly subjective. The objective limb is satisfied if there is a threat,
inducement or promise, and the subjective limb when the threat, inducement or
promise operates on the mind of the particular accused through hope of escape
or fear of punishment connected with the charge ...

86 The common law concept of oppression developed separately from the law
relating to threat, inducement and promise. Its roots were in the English
common law (_R v Priestley (Martin_) (1966) 50 Cr App R 183; _R v Nicholas
Anthony Prager_ [1972] 1 WLR 260 (“ _Prager_ ”)).

87 The common law concept of oppression was adopted in Singapore and subsumed
under the rubric of voluntariness. As the Court of Appeal in _Gulam bin Notan_
observed (at [53]), “the common law concept of involuntariness by oppression
in [_Prager_] has been subsumed under s 24 of the [EA]”. While oppression was
accepted as a distinct ground for a finding of involuntariness, its
relationship with the concept of threat, inducement or promise was unclear. In
_Yen May Woen v PP_ [2003] SGCA 29 (“ _Yen May Woen_ ”), the Court of Appeal
remarked (at [20]) that:

… Oppression may not strictly speaking come under the rubric “inducement,
threat or promise” in [s 24] of the [EA] and s 122(5) of the [CPC 1985] as it
may not involve external factors as inducements, threats and promises do. …

88 The common law definition of oppression is incorporated in the present CPC
under Explanation 1 of s 258(3): any circumstance or act which tends to sap
and did sap the free will of the accused. Section 258(3) of the CPC, however,
rationalises oppression _within_ the framework of threat, inducement or
promise. Explanation 1 thus states that if “a person in authority who had
acted in such a manner that his acts tend to sap and have in fact sapped the
free will of the maker of the statement … such acts _will amount_ to a threat,
inducement or promise” [emphasis added]. This is in contrast with the position
prior to the enactment of the current CPC (see _Yen May Woen_ cited at [87]
above).

89 Section 258(3) of the CPC does not change the substantive law on oppression
despite the conceptual shift in approach. This is borne out by the legislative
intent behind the enactment of s 258(3) of the CPC. At the second reading of
the Criminal Procedure Code Bill (Bill No 11 of 2010), Mr K Shanmugam,
Minister for Law and Second Minister for Home Affairs, stated that the
“admissibility test developed by our Courts in [_Seow Choon Meng_] and [_Gulam
bin Notan_], is now _codified in Explanation 1 to clause 258_.” [emphasis
added] (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (18 May 2010)
vol 87 cols 415-416).

90 Thus, the following observations of the Court of Appeal in _Seow Choon
Meng_(at [33]) continue to apply to s 258(3) of the CPC:

… Oppression in this context [of statements made during police investigations]
relates to the methods and manner of interrogation preparatory to and during
the making of statements. It has been said that oppressive questioning may be
described as questioning which by its nature, duration or other attendant
circumstances, including the fact of custody, excites hopes, such as the hope
of release, or fears, or so affects the mind of the person being interrogated
that his will crumbles and he speaks when otherwise he would have remained
silent - questioning in circumstances which tended to sap and did sap, the
free will of the person interrogated:  _per_ Edmund Davis LJ in  _R v Prager_
[1972] 1 All ER 1114. At the same time, it has been said that the court's
approach should not be such so as to form a clog on the proper exercise by the
police of their investigating function, and, indeed, on the administration of
justice itself:  _per_ Lord Hailsham in _DPP v Ping Lin_ [1975] 3 All ER 175
at 183. Robust interrogation is, in our opinion, an essential and integral
aspect of police investigation. However, as was observed by L P Thean J in
_Sim Ah Cheoh_ … if the questioning is too vigorous or prolonged, it becomes
oppressive, with the result that a doubt arises as to whether the statement or
the answers have been caused by any fear or threat so as to render the
statements or answers to the questions inadmissible.

91 I note that Explanation 1 of s 258(3) of the CPC refers to the acts of a
person in authority which tend to sap and have in fact sapped the free will of
the maker of the statement. However, in _Seow Choon Meng_ , it was stated (at
[33]) that the oppressive questioning may arise from the nature, duration or
other attendant circumstances of the questioning. This suggests that there may
be oppression even if there is no overt act from a person in authority such as
a specific threat, inducement or promise. Since the legislative intention was
not to depart from what was said in _Seow Choon Meng_ , it seems therefore
that notwithstanding the reference in Explanation 1 to the act of a person in
authority, no such overt act is required to constitute oppression or rather to
constitute a threat, inducement or promise in the words of s 258(3).

92 There is also another ground of involuntariness. It concerns situations
where the maker of the statement is suffering from a medical condition, and/or
was taking drugs or medication such that he is unable to give his statements
voluntarily. The test in such cases is whether the appellant’s mind went with
his statement: see _Garnam Singh v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 1044 (“ _Garnam Singh_
”) at [31]. In this category of cases, the allegation is essentially that the
person giving the statement is in such a state of delirium that he does not
know or understand what he is saying, or appreciate the circumstances in which
he made the statements.

93 Notwithstanding the structure of s 258(3) of the CPC, the appellant has
contested the admissibility of the Statements on each of the three grounds,
namely: the presence of threats and inducements; the presence of oppressive
circumstances and the presence of a medical condition and/or medication that
affected the voluntariness of the Statements. In other words, he treated
oppressive circumstances as being different from threats and inducements. For
convenience, I will adopt his approach as it makes no material difference to
the outcome. The Prosecution relied on the evidence of the respective CPIB
officers who recorded each of the Statements to establish that they had been
made voluntarily.

The threats

94 On appeal, Mr Low narrowed the alleged threats to three main types of
threats: (1) threats to the appellant’s wife; (2) threats to the appellant’s
mother; and (3) threats to the appellant’s life.

95 In relation to the first group of threats, Mr Low directed my attention to
six allegations which the appellant put to Mr Teng, Mr Khoo and Mr Bay. On two
occasions, the appellant suggested to Mr Bay that during the recordings of his
first two statements on 5 April 2012, Mr Teng had called Mr Bay to tell him to
“lift CIQ on the [appellant’s] spouse”.[note: 1] According to the appellant,
the word “CIQ” was a reference to an order for arrest for the appellant’s
wife. Mr Bay denied having said the alleged word.

96 The third allegation concerned the same incident. The only difference was
that this involved Mr Khoo instead of Mr Bay. The appellant asked Mr Khoo
whether he had received a call from Mr Teng on 5 April 2012 to lift CIQ on the
appellant’s spouse. Mr Khoo’s response was as follows: “May I clarify what is
CIQ?”[note: 2] When he was told that this meant “arrest upon landing in
Changi”, Mr Khoo stated that he was “unaware of such an event”.[note: 3] Mr
Khoo’s evidence in this regard was consistent with Mr Bay’s evidence.

97 The fourth and fifth allegations pertained to what Mr Bay had said during
the interview process three days earlier, on 2 April 2012. No statement was
recorded at this time as the appellant became unwell that evening. The
appellant suggested to Mr Bay that he had on two occasions “specifically made
repeated threats to [the appellant] to arrest his spouse at Changi Airport”
upon her arrival and impound her passport if necessary.[note: 4] Mr Bay again
denied these allegations.

98 The final allegation involved Mr Teng. The appellant suggested to Mr Teng
during cross-examination that Mr Teng had told the appellant on 2 April 2012
that CIQ meant arrest upon landing at Changi.[note: 5] According to the
appellant when he was cross-examined, the first time that he had heard of the
acronym CIQ being used in that way was when Mr Teng threatened to “CIQ” his
wife upon her return.[note: 6] Mr Teng denied that he had said this to the
appellant.

99 I now turn to the second group of threats: those allegedly made against the
appellant’s mother. These threats were allegedly made by Mr Bay on 2 April
2012 when Mr Khoo, Mr Bay, CPIB Special Investigator Michael Oh Yong Ban and
CPIB Special Investigator Hasvind Elangovan visited the appellant’s house with
the appellant to retrieve certain items. Mr Bay had allegedly told the
appellant in his mother’s presence and in Hokkien, a language the appellant’s
mother understood, that he would “tell your mother you [f…] others’ daughters.
You can [f…] the old ones. You can [f…] the young ones too. See what your
mother do or say.” The appellant allegedly pleaded with Mr Bay not to tell his
mother these words as his mother had a weak heart. Mr Bay then allegedly
retorted that if the appellant’s mother were to die, it would be because the
appellant had been unfilial.[note: 7] The appellant put forward his version of
events to Mr Bay. Mr Bay categorically denied these allegations.

100 The third group of threats which the appellant maintained on appeal were
allegedly made against the appellant’s life. The appellant suggested to Mr
Teng that Mr Teng had told the appellant in Hokkien on 17 May 2012 words to
the effect “I stab you once, you die beautifully with your legs straight. But
if you insist, I will stab you tens of times, you will die a most horrendous
death.”[note: 8] Mr Teng responded that this was “not true” and that he had
only realised that the appellant spoke Hokkien in the course of interviewing
the appellant a day later, on 18 May 2012.

101 The appellant also alleged that Mr Teng had spoken to him in Mandarin
words to the effect that Mr Teng, “could allow [the appellant] to die without
much suffering, or there shall be greater calamity on [his family] and
[himself]”.[note: 9] This was also denied by Mr Teng, who stated that he only
realised that the appellant could speak Mandarin during a conversation on 18
May 2012.

102 The Prosecution pointed out that even if the words were said, the
appellant would not have interpreted these words literally as a threat to kill
him. In fact, the appellant had admitted in cross-examination that he was
aware that these words were meant metaphorically. I am of the view that this
was not sufficient to negate the seriousness of the words if they were
uttered. The appellant testified at trial that he interpreted the words as a
threat to his family life and livelihood.[note: 10] He testified that he had
made confessions in his statement recorded on 17 May 2012 because of this
threat.

103 An appellate court’s power of review in respect of findings of fact based
on the veracity and credibility of witnesses is very limited: see _Tat Seng
Machine Movers Pte Ltd v Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 (“
_Tat Seng Machine Movers_ ”) at [41]. There was nothing specific that the
appellant pointed to which showed that the TJ’s finding on the credibility and
consistency of the CPIB officers on the issue of the threats was plainly
wrong.

104 The appellant did not say that he told Mr Low or Dr Tommy Tan (“Dr Tan”),
who examined the appellant on 9, 11 and 16 April 2012, about these threats.
Apparently, the appellant informed Dr Michael Yong Ken Hwee (“Dr Yong”), a
psychiatrist with Alexandra Hospital, about threats to his life but he did not
specify what the threats were. The appellant stated during trial that he had
“complained” to his senior colleagues.[note: 11] He did not state who these
“senior colleagues” were and he did not state what he had told these
colleagues. Nor did any of them give evidence to say that the appellant had
mentioned the threats.

105 Two of his colleagues, the Dean of NUS’s Faculty of Law Professor Simon
Arthur Chesterman (“Prof Chesterman”) and Associate Professor Tracey Evans
Chan (“Assoc Prof Chan”) took the stand. They gave evidence that the appellant
had complained of his physical and mental condition. However, they did not
mention the alleged threats. An email from Prof Chesterman to Mr Khoo dated 25
May 2012 (D59) stated that based on what the appellant had told Prof
Chesterman, the appellant had “made statements while stressed and anxious
which, when calmer, he suggests were made in error.” This email was written in
response to Mr Khoo’s request to verify the accuracy of parts of the
Statements. Prof Chesterman told Mr Khoo in this email that he believed that
the appellant may “be saying things, and even signing statements, that he is
not sure of, or which he thinks you might want him to say” because of his
medication and the stress he was under. Prof Chesterman also offered to speak
to the CPIB officers about this. Notably absent from this email is any
suggestion that the appellant had told Prof Chesterman that the CPIB officers
had threatened him.

106 The appellant made more allegations about threatening or intimidating
conduct from the CPIB officers when he was on the stand than when he was
cross-examining them. For example, when he was giving evidence, he alleged
that on 2 April 2012, when he was at the CPIB, Mr Bay had entered a room where
he was in. Mr Bay then stared at him, slammed his (Mr Bay’s) hand on a table
and pointed a finger at him. He also alleged that on 10 April 2012 when he was
driving his car to the CPIB with Mr Bay and Mr Khoo inside the car, Mr Bay
made various humiliating remarks to him in the presence of Mr Khoo. Yet the
appellant did not mention these allegations to Mr Bay when he was cross-
examining Mr Bay. Indeed the appellant admitted that he had made more
allegations against Mr Bay, Mr Khoo and Mr Teng in his evidence than had been
put to each of them.

107 Furthermore, when asked about the exact allegations that he was making
about the CPIB officers, the appellant answered as follows: [note: 12]

I’m in no position, nor do I have the legal basis, to make serious criminal
allegation against any officer and let me please repeat it: I do not want to
and I have no wish to make serious allegations against any officers of CPIB in
criminal nature.

108 It seems to me that the appellant had adopted a machine gun approach and
made whatever allegations he wished to make against the CPIB officers, both
when he was cross-examining them and when he was on the stand, without caring
about the truth of his allegations. That is why he did not bother to match his
evidence with the questions he put to the CPIB officers and he simply added
multiple allegations in his evidence. That is also why he resiled from his
position and said he did not wish to make serious allegations against them.
There was no reason for me to disagree with the TJ’s conclusion on this and I
reject the appellant’s allegations about the threats made against him.

The inducements

109 There were two alleged inducements. The first was from Mr Bay. The
appellant had asked Mr Bay whether, during the journey on 2 April 2012 from
the appellant’s home to the CPIB headquarters, Mr Bay had “continuously
pressured” the appellant to confess with words such as “got so many photos you
still want to deny ah?” Mr Bay also allegedly told the appellant that he had
lined up Ms Ko and the appellant’s previous students and that they had
confessed to corruptly giving the appellant gifts. Mr Bay allegedly then
concluded that the appellant should “tell [his] side of the story to save
[himself]”.[note: 13] Mr Bay denied this allegation.

110 The second allegation was made against Mr Teng. The appellant had asked Mr
Teng whether he had uttered to the appellant words to the effect that if the
appellant cooperated, he would find a way to help the appellant.[note: 14] Mr
Teng denied this.

111 The appellant faced the same problem with these allegations as he did with
the alleged threats. For example, he did not mention them to Mr Low or Dr Tan
or Dr Yong or to his colleagues and he said he did not want to make serious
allegations against the CPIB officers. In the circumstances, I agree with the
TJ that these allegations were not made out.

Oppression

112 Mr Low submitted that there had been oppression which made the statements
involuntary and that the TJ should have excluded the Statements. Mr Low raised
four factors in this respect: (1) Mr Bay had admitted to badgering the
appellant; (2) the interview room was too cold; (3) the room was too stuffy;
and (4) a body search was conducted on the appellant.

113 The litmus test for oppression is whether the investigation was, by its
nature, duration or other attendant circumstances, such as to affect the
accused’s mind and will such that he speaks when he otherwise would have
remained silent.

114 It is apposite to bear in mind the observations of the Court of Appeal in
_Yeo See How v PP_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 277 (“ _Yeo See How_ ”) that the person in
authority does not have an obligation to remove all discomfort. The appellant
in _Yeo See How_ had complained that he was very cold and was suffering from
gastric pains. He alleged that he had asked the investigator for medicine for
his gastric pains but had been told that there was no such medicine. The Court
of Appeal observed at [40]:

Some discomfort has to be expected - the issue is whether such discomfort is
of such a great extent that it causes the making of an involuntary statement.
Since the discomfort here was clearly not great, we did not see any doubt was
raised that the statement was involuntary.

115 The first allegation that Mr Low raised was one of badgering. Mr Bay
agreed that he had badgered the appellant. During re-examination, Mr Jumabhoy
asked Mr Bay what his understanding of badgering was. Mr Bay responded:
“Pestering and pestering”.[note: 15] I find that “pestering” is not enough to
constitute oppression which would affect admissibility. It is not surprising
to find an element of pestering in the process of investigation as
investigators try to find answers especially if they suspect that a person is
being evasive. Furthermore, the appellant did not put to Mr Bay or the other
CPIB officers that the pestering was so intense that his mind and will were
sapped.

116 The second allegation is that the interview room was too cold. However,
the appellant did not directly question the CPIB officers about the
temperature of the room or how it affected him. The appellant instead asked Mr
Bay questions such as whether he noticed that the appellant had a white towel
wrapped around him. He did not ask Mr Bay whether he agreed that the interview
room was too cold and that the conditions were so oppressive that they sapped
the appellant’s free will.

117 I also observe that the second and third allegations, which both related
to events on 2 April 2012, were contradictory. The third allegation was that
the room was too stuffy. Mr Low pointed out that the appellant had complained
about this upon his admittance to Alexandra Hospital. At para 7 of a medical
report by Dr Yong dated 18 September 2012, it was stated that the appellant
“claimed that the interrogation room was stuffy and “no air” and he felt like
he could not breathe.”[note: 16] It was unclear to me how the room could be
stuffy and at the same time cold. Furthermore, the alleged stuffy condition
and its effect on the appellant was again not put to the CPIB officers to
offer them a chance to respond or deny the allegation.

118 The final allegation was that a body search had been conducted on the
appellant. Mr Bay’s evidence was that he had frisked the appellant over the
appellant’s clothing before the start of the interview on 2 April 2012.[note:
17] I do not think that a body search would have constituted oppression on 2
April 2012, much less three to eight days later (after he had rested in
hospital) when PS6, PS7 and PS8 were recorded or one month later when PS9,
PS10 and PS11 were recorded. Moreover, it was again not put to the CPIB
officers that the frisking incident so troubled the appellant that it affected
the voluntariness of the Statements.

119 I am of the view that the pestering and the frisking of the appellant do
not constitute oppression. I do not accept that the room was too cold or too
stuffy. Even if either of these allegations were true, I do not accept that
they operated to affect the appellant’s will adversely.

The effect of the appellant’s medical condition and medication

120 Mr Low relied on the diagnoses of Dr Yong and Dr Tan, and their
prescriptions of psychoactive medication to the appellant. Mr Low argued that
these were evidence that the Statements were given involuntarily, and that the
evidence of the doctors could not be challenged by the TJ.

121 The threshold for impugning a statement on the ground of involuntariness
due to a medical or psychological condition is a high one. In _Garnam Singh_ ,
the Court of Appeal emphasised (at [31]) that:

... in order for the effects of withdrawal from drugs to affect the drug
user's medical and psychological condition to render any statement he makes to
be involuntary, he must be in a state of near delirium, that is to say, that
his mind did not go with the statements he was making.

In that case, the accused was a drug addict who claimed that he was
experiencing drug withdrawal symptoms when his statement was recorded. The
Court of Appeal held that the statement was voluntary. In arriving at its
conclusion, the Court of Appeal stated (at [31]) that the medical evidence did
not describe “how the effects of withdrawal from drugs affected the
appellant’s medical and psychological condition”. Instead, the medical
evidence indicated that the effects of drug withdrawal had worn off by the
time the accused’s statement was recorded.

122 Similarly, in _Gulam bin Notan_ , an accused who was suffering from
methamphetamine withdrawal claimed that his statement was involuntary. The
Court of Appeal observed (at [54]) that the accused was able to understand the
questions which were asked, and thus concluded that the statements were
voluntary.

123 _PP v Dahalan bin Ladaewa_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 124 (“ _Dahalan bin Ladaewa_ ”)
is the only reported local case where the court found that the accused’s
medical condition affected the voluntariness of his statement. There, the
accused was a heroin and erimin addict who had consumed both drugs on the
morning the statement was recorded. He claimed that he could not remember what
he had said in his statement. Rajendran J distinguished the case before him
from _Garnam Singh_. In _Garnam Singh_ , the accused had been in hospital for
five days before the statement was recorded; the window of time would have
allowed for the effects of drug withdrawal to abate. In contrast, Rajendran J
found that the statements in the case before him had been recorded on that
very morning, when the effects of drug withdrawal were at its peak.

124 The above analysis is important for two reasons. First, it establishes the
high threshold before the court finds that a statement was not voluntary due
to a medical condition. Second, it illustrates the two distinct stages of the
voluntariness enquiry in which medical evidence is relevant. The first stage
concerns the diagnosis of the medical condition of the accused. The second
stage concerns the effect of such a medical condition on the accused’s ability
to make a voluntary statement.

125 The medical evidence came principally from three doctors:

(a) Dr Ong Ee Wei Sharon (“Dr Ong”), third-year medical officer at Alexandra
Hospital at the relevant time;

(b) Dr Yong, a consultant psychiatrist, as well as the Director of Psychiatry
for Alexandra Hospital, who has been practicing psychiatry for about ten
years; and

(c) Dr Tan, a psychiatrist.

Dr Ong and Dr Yong gave evidence at the ancillary hearing. Although Dr Tan had
undergone an eye procedure and was on hospitalisation leave at the relevant
tranche of the ancillary hearing, I note that the appellant had initially
elected not to call Dr Tan as a witness at all. At a pre-trial conference on
26 December 2012, the Defence had said that it would not be calling him as a
witness. However, during the ancillary hearing on 18 January 2013, the
appellant indicated that he would be calling Dr Tan eventually.[note: 18] He
gave the reason that because Mr Khoo was referring to some information in his
investigation diary, he (the appellant) decided to refer to a report from Dr
Tan. I find this a lame excuse. If Dr Tan was as important a witness as the
appellant was suggesting, then the appellant would have decided to call him as
a witness regardless of what Mr Khoo’s evidence would be. The appellant had
not made any arrangement for Dr Tan to be available at the relevant tranche of
the ancillary hearing. Dr Tan eventually gave his evidence during the
Defence’s case, after the TJ had ruled that the Statements were made
voluntarily and, consequently, were admissible as evidence.

126 Dr Ong’s review of the appellant focused predominantly on his
physiological rather than psychiatric condition. This was apparent when she
was asked whether the appellant was “in full possession of his mental
faculties”, and whether he could “make decisions” at the time he was released.
Dr Ong did not answer the question, but instead responded that that was a
decision for the psychiatrist in charge, Dr Yong.[note: 19] Dr Yong and Dr
Tan, both psychiatrists, gave evidence on the appellant’s psychiatric
condition. The subsequent portion of the analysis will thus focus primarily on
the evidence of Dr Yong and Dr Tan, as the appellant is claiming that the
existence of a psychiatric condition, rather than a physiological one,
affected the voluntariness of the Statements.

127 I turn now to the medical evidence relevant to the first stage of the
inquiry: the diagnosis of the medical condition that the appellant was
suffering from, if any.

128 According to para 4 of a report dated 18 September 2012 (D44) by Dr
Yong[note: 20], the appellant was seen by two doctors when he was at Alexandra
Hospital’s emergency department on 2 April 2012. One of the two doctors was Dr
Tsu Boon Hsiung who diagnosed the appellant with altered mental state. The
appellant was reviewed on 3, 4 and 5 April 2012 by other doctors, one of whom
was Dr Ong.[note: 21]

129 Dr Yong first examined the appellant on 3 April 2012. He also saw the
appellant on 5 April 2012 to clear the appellant for discharge from the
hospital, and again on 12 April 2012 at the out-patient specialist clinic. Dr
Yong explained that altered mental state is a term used by physicians to
describe an abnormality of functioning of the patient’s mind. It is “a form of
diagnosis that is vague and usually it means that they are not certain what …
the cause [is]”.[note: 22] After Dr Yong’s examination of the appellant on 3
April 2012, Dr Yong diagnosed the appellant as suffering from acute stress
disorder.[note: 23] Dr Yong stated that acute stress disorder is a form of
anxiety disorder caused by exposure to traumatic events, or from perception of
threat either directly to the person or to his family members. He explained
that a person suffering from such a condition may experience dissociative
symptoms and feelings of de-realisation and de-personalisation.[note: 24]

130 Dr Tan examined the appellant on 9, 11 and 16 April 2012.[note: 25] Dr Tan
diagnosed the appellant with acute stress reaction, which was characterised by
the appellant exhibiting a depressed mood, anxiety, and psychomotor
retardation.

131 The diagnoses of Dr Yong and Dr Tan appeared to be slightly different. The
former referred to an “acute stress disorder”, while the latter referred to an
“acute stress reaction”. However, the evidence of Dr Yong was that the terms
are merely different labels for what is, in substance, the same medical
condition. The former is a label adopted by the ICD-10 diagnostic tool, while
the latter is a label adopted by the DSM-IV.[note: 26] I will use the label
“acute stress disorder” in this judgment to refer to the medical condition in
question.

132 The TJ did not accept either Dr Yong’s (at [186]–[190] of the GD) or Dr
Tan’s (at [608]–[629] of the GD) diagnoses that the appellant was suffering
from an acute stress disorder. In doing so, the TJ acknowledged Dr Yong’s
remarks that psychiatry could not empirically measure a condition; an accurate
diagnosis depended largely on the information that the psychiatrist was able
to obtain from the patient (at [188] of the GD).

133 The TJ was of the view that Dr Yong’s diagnosis was not accurate as it was
premised on false or inaccurate information provided by the appellant. The TJ
found that the appellant had exaggerated to Dr Yong the length, conditions and
circumstances of the CPIB investigation on 2 April 2010 (at [187]–[190] of the
GD). Further, para 9 of Dr Yong’s report dated 18 September 2012 (D44) stated
that the appellant had said that his life was threatened and that he was
worried about his safety. The TJ noted that there was no threat of physical
harm or death to the appellant or to his family, which is a requirement for an
acute stress disorder under DSM-IV (at [189] of the GD). This is in line with
my conclusion that no threat was made against the appellant, let alone a
threat against his life.

134 The TJ also did not accept Dr Tan’s diagnosis for a number of reasons.

(a) First, Dr Tan’s diagnosis was inconsistent with the diagnostic guidelines
in the ICD-10 (at [608] and [614] of the GD). Dr Tan suggested that the
stressor giving rise to acute stress disorder could be cumulative and also
that severe stress could cause the acute stress disorder to extend beyond a
few days. Both of these suggestions were contrary to the ICD-10 guidelines.

(b) Second, Dr Tan’s opinion on the stressor shifted in an attempt to maintain
conformance with the ICD-10 guidelines. Dr Tan first relied on the CPIB
interrogations _per se_ as the stressor. After realising that they were
insufficient to amount to an exceptional stressor, Dr Tan attempted to rely on
the fearful consequences of conviction on top of the appellant’s fear of the
CPIB investigations (at [608] of the GD).

(c) Third, Dr Tan’s report dated 27 August 2012 (in which his diagnosis was
contained) was incomplete because it was based solely on Dr Tan’s interview
with the appellant (at [609] of the GD). Dr Tan did not have the opportunity
to interview the appellant’s colleagues and family members, which would have
provided a firmer basis for the diagnosis.

(d) Fourth, Dr Tan’s report was premised on incorrect information (at
[612]–[614] and [618]–[622] of the GD) which was provided solely by the
appellant. Dr Tan gave evidence that his diagnosis was based on: the
appellant’s fear of being locked up forever; the appellant’s fear that his
wife would be arrested on her return from overseas; and the appellant’s fear
that he would lose his family and livelihood. In respect of the first factor,
the TJ concluded that the fear must have been irrational, because the
appellant was a former District Judge who must have known he could not be
detained for more than 48 hours. In respect of the second factor, the TJ
concluded that no one had threatened the appellant with physical harm or death
to himself or his family. This is in line with my conclusions above. In
respect of the third factor, the TJ concluded that the fear was irrational, as
it was always open to the appellant to find another job, and there was nothing
at that time which suggested the appellant’s family would leave him.

(e) Fifth, the appellant’s ability to give a coherent account of the relevant
facts to Dr Tan on 9 April 2012 was inconsistent with the appellant suffering
from symptoms of dissociated amnesia (at [615]–[617] of the GD).

(f) Sixth, the appellant did not experience an extreme stressor in the sense
contemplated by the ICD-10 guidelines. The stressors listed in the diagnostic
guidelines, such as multiple bereavements and natural catastrophes are
“extreme with a sense of finality”. In contrast, the stressors which Dr Tan
stated gave rise to the acute stress disorder were “neither extreme nor
final…[they] were potential risks purportedly internalised by the [appellant]”
(at [623] of the GD). Further, the appellant’s claim that the consequences of
conviction was a stressor was inconsistent with his behaviour at the trial and
the results of the medical examination conducted in the midst of the trial (at
[624]–[628] of the GD).

135 The TJ was doubtful of the factual premises of Dr Yong’s and Dr Tan’s
diagnoses even though Dr Yong was of the view that the appellant was not
faking his symptoms.[note: 27] The TJ found that “the [appellant] was not
truthful, and…had a tendency to malinger” (at [613] of the GD). The TJ’s
finding was based on the report of Dr Gwee Kenji (“Dr Gwee”) (D92), a Senior
Clinical Forensic Psychologist at the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”). The
report was admitted without objection. It utilised the Test of Memory
Malingering and the Weschler Memory Scale, and had concluded that the
appellant’s memory functions were “not as deficient as the…results suggest”
because “he did not put in his best effort on the memory tests.”[note: 28] Dr
Gwee’s report arose from an application made by the appellant for psychiatric
evaluation on his fitness to stand trial midway through proceedings on 18
April 2013.[note: 29] Both the Prosecution and the appellant agreed to an IMH
assessment to determine the appellant’s fitness for trial. Dr Gwee was the
psychologist and Dr Bharat Saluja (“Dr Saluja”) was the psychiatrist who
assessed the appellant. Consequently, the TJ concluded that since the “ _sole_
source of reference and basis” for Dr Yong’s and Dr Tan’s diagnoses were their
interviews with the appellant, the accuracy of the diagnoses were accordingly
suspect.

136 The TJ was not obliged to accept either Dr Yong’s or Dr Tan’s evidence
without question. This is so even though the Prosecution did not produce
expert evidence to the contrary. The observations of V K Rajah JA in
_Sakthivel Punithavathi v PP_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 983 (at [76]) are apposite:

What is axiomatic is that a judge is not entitled to substitute his own views
for those of an uncontradicted expert's:  _Saeng-Un Udom v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR(R)
1. Be that as it may, a court must not on the other hand unquestioningly
accept unchallenged evidence. _Evidence must invariably be sifted, weighed and
evaluated in the context of the factual matrix and in particular, the
objective facts_. An expert's opinion "should not fly in the face of proven
extrinsic facts relevant to the matter"  _per_ Yong Pung How CJ in  _Khoo
James v Gunapathy d/o Muniandy_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 414 at [65]. In reality,
substantially the same rules apply to the evaluation of expert testimony as
they would to other categories of witness testimony. Content credibility,
evidence of partiality, coherence and a need to analyse the evidence in the
context of established facts remain vital considerations; demeanour, however,
more often than not recedes into the background as a yardstick. [emphasis
added]

The TJ did precisely what he was meant to do: he sifted, weighed and evaluated
Dr Yong’s and Dr Tan’s evidence in the context of the medical literature which
Dr Yong and Dr Tan referred to and in the context of the overall evidence. I
conclude that the TJ was not plainly wrong in declining to accept the
diagnoses of Dr Yong and Dr Tan.

137 If the TJ was wrong in reaching this conclusion, the second stage of the
enquiry becomes critical: whether the appellant’s medical condition affected
the voluntariness of the Statements. In this respect, the appellant relied on
the cumulative effect of the psychoactive medication he was consuming at the
time when the Statements were recorded as well as his medical condition.

138 I will first address the impact of the psychoactive medication on the
appellant during the recording of the Statements. The appellant was unclear,
both at trial as well as at the appeal, as to what his case was on the impact
of the psychoactive medication on voluntariness. It was perhaps this lack of
clarity that resulted in the dearth of medical evidence on the side-effects of
the psychoactive medication.

139 The appellant was prescribed three types of psychoactive medication by Dr
Yong on 5 and 12 April 2012: (1) Escitalopram to treat anxiety and depression;
(2) Alprazolam to treat anxiety attacks; and (3) Diazepam to treat insomnia.
Dr Tan also prescribed the appellant Lexotan and Valdoxan. Lexotan is a
sleeping tablet while Valdoxan is an anti-depressant. Dr Yong gave evidence on
the symptoms each of the psychoactive medications was prescribed to treat.
However, neither Dr Yong nor Dr Tan addressed the impact of the medication on
the appellant’s ability to understand questions and respond voluntarily to
them during the interviews with the CPIB officers when the Statements were
recorded.

140 During the trial, the appellant’s case continually shifted in respect of
the impact the medication had on voluntariness. The appellant first alleged
that at the interview with Mr Bay on 5 April 2012, the medication had the
effect that the appellant “could not remember the exact dates, times and
places the sexual intercourse took place”.[note: 30] Mr Bay denied that the
appellant raised this issue with him.

141 The appellant next alleged that on 10 April 2012, the medication had
“knocked [him] out”[note: 31], making him “extremely fatigued”[note: 32] and
sleepy.[note: 33]

142 The appellant finally alleged that when he was interviewed by Mr Teng on
17 and 18 May 2012, he “was no longer in a position to engage with [the
interviewer]”.[note: 34] The appellant did not elaborate on what he meant by
“no longer in a position to engage”, nor did he give any specific factual
examples to substantiate what this assertion meant.

143 On appeal, Mr Low did not clarify what the appellant’s case was on the
impact the psychoactive medication had on the voluntariness of the Statements.

144 I find it difficult to accept the appellant’s contention that the
psychoactive medication affected the voluntariness of the Statements.

145 First, I find it highly improbable that the same medication could have
produced these varying side-effects during the recording of the different
statements. There is no medical evidence which supports this contention.

146 Second, both Mr Teng and Mr Bay denied that the appellant had raised his
distressed state to them. For example, Mr Teng testified that he had told the
appellant that he need not record a statement on 17 May 2012 if he felt unfit
to do so.[note: 35] There was no reason for me to disbelieve their
testimonies.

147 Third, the appellant’s behaviour at trial was inconsistent with his
argument that the psychoactive medication affected his ability to make the
Statements voluntarily. Throughout the course of the trial, the appellant’s
prescription of psychoactive medication was: 15 mgs of Escitalopram daily;
half-tablets of 0.25mgs of Alprazolam thrice daily; and 5 mgs of Diazepam
every night.[note: 36] This was exactly the same prescription which Dr
Yong[note: 37] gave to the appellant on 5 April 2012[note: 38] and 12 April
2012.[note: 39] Further, in the appellant’s review with the IMH to determine
his psychiatric fitness to continue with the trial, he had told the IMH
psychiatrist, Dr Saluja, that “he [the appellant] had been taking extra tablet
(_sic_) of alprazolam, diazepam and escitalopram during the trial.”[note: 40]
The medication the appellant was taking during the trial was therefore the
same (possibly even more, if the information the appellant supplied to the IMH
psychiatrist was accurate) as that during the period when the Statements were
recorded. One would have expected the effects of the psychoactive medication
to manifest itself in the appellant’s performance at trial at a level similar
to that when the Statements were being recorded. Yet, there was nothing to
suggest that the appellant’s behaviour at the trial was adversely affected by
the psychoactive medication. In fact, the TJ observed (at [641]–[642] of the
GD) that the appellant “had a lucid mind, and was able to think and
communicate clearly during the trial…[t]hroughout the trial, he was able to
engage in sharp exchanges with the prosecution.”

148 In the circumstances, I find that there is no evidence to suggest that the
psychoactive medication had any impact on the appellant’s ability to make
voluntary statements beyond the effects that the appellant’s medical condition
had on him. I shall now address the effects of the appellant’s medical
condition.

149 Dr Yong gave evidence that a person suffering from acute stress disorder
experiences dissociative symptoms. This may result in a person being in a
dazed state, being unable to recall the traumatic event that triggered the
disorder, or becoming emotionally detached. Dr Yong nevertheless emphasised
that even though dissociation results in “a detachment of emotion… _the
thinking process_ … _still carries on_ ” [emphasis added].[note: 41] Dr Yong
also stated that he would not have discharged the appellant on 5 April 2012 if
he was not of the opinion that the appellant was medically fit. To give
further context, Dr Yong stated that he had known at the time he examined the
appellant that: the appellant was a detainee wanted by the CPIB for
questioning; law enforcement agencies sometimes question suspects at length;
and after discharge “[the appellant] _was going back to CPIB_ ” [emphasis
added].[note: 42] Fully apprised of these circumstances, Dr Yong discharged
the appellant after examining him. Consequently, on Dr Yong’s evidence, the
effect of acute stress disorder and the impact it had on the appellant, did
not, in and of itself, reach the threshold of involuntariness required under
the _Garnam Singh_ test.

150 Dr Tan did not give detailed evidence on the effect of acute stress
disorder on the appellant’s ability to provide voluntary statements. Dr Tan
said he had informed Mr Low after examining the appellant on 9 April 2012 that
the appellant “was not fit to continue further interview with the CPIB.”[note:
43] That statement does not shed any light on the impact of the medical
condition on the appellant. Not being fit for an interview could mean one of
many things. It could mean that the appellant’s free will would be more
susceptible to being sapped upon rigorous questioning. It could mean that the
appellant was more likely to break down and be unable to answer questions upon
being examined. It could also mean that the appellant would be more prone to
becoming unwell if he was subject to further interviews. Dr Tan was not
examined or cross-examined on precisely what he meant by that statement.

151 On the contrary, Dr Tan gave evidence that he was able to elicit personal
information, in a considerable amount of detail and particularity, through his
interview with the appellant.[note: 44] Dr Tan further acknowledged that the
appellant was able to provide a “comprehensive account” of the events that
took place between 2 and 9 April 2012.[note: 45] Although Dr Tan described the
appellant as “retarded”,[note: 46] what Dr Tan meant was that it took him (Dr
Tan) a longer time to get answers from the appellant than it would have taken
with “a normal functioning person”.[note: 47] There was no suggestion from Dr
Tan that the appellant was in such a frail mental state that he was unable to
comprehend questions or unable to give clear, detailed and well-reasoned
answers. It is difficult to see how taking a longer time to give answers alone
would amount to being unfit for further interviews.

152 However, I recognise that Dr Tan may have been suggesting that the
appellant’s lucidity, when interviewed at the clinic, was not indicative of
his state at the CPIB, where the conditions were so traumatic that the
appellant was unable to continue with further interviews. The difficulty with
such a position is that the factual evidence of the appellant’s actions points
to a contrary conclusion. The appellant attended an interview at the CPIB
office on 5 April 2012 after he was discharged from hospital. Two statements
(PS6 and PS7) were received on that day. The appellant went to the CPIB on 9
April 2012. He then went to the CPIB on 10 April 2012 when the third statement
(PS8) was recorded. He subsequently returned on 17, 18 and 24 May 2012 for
interviews where other statements (PS9, PS10 and PS11) were recorded from him.
In respect of this, I mention two points.

153 The first relates to the appellant’s attendance at the CPIB office on 5
April 2012. The appellant gave evidence that on 5 April 2012, prior to his
discharge, a doctor told him that “a medical cert, hospitalisation leave, has
been issued already for [the appellant] till 8 April …” and suggested that the
appellant should “just rest here, lie in bed, rest”.[note: 48] The appellant
knew that a bed in a Class C ward where he was warded was not very expensive.
Nevertheless he remained adamant and told the doctor that: “[t]he moment you
deem me fit for discharge, I want to sort out the misunderstanding with
CPIB.”[note: 49] Accordingly, Dr Yong examined him. The appellant was
certified fit for discharge and released. Immediately after discharge, the
appellant returned to the CPIB.

154 The reason why the appellant went to the CPIB on 5 April 2012 is disputed.
Mr Bay said that although he had initially wanted the appellant to return to
the CPIB upon his discharge from hospital, he changed his mind on 5 April 2012
as he had decided to wait for the appellant’s medical certificate to lapse.
However, it was the appellant who telephoned him that day, at around 2 pm,
saying that he wanted to go to the CPIB to give a statement. The appellant
asked if a car would be sent to bring him to the CPIB and Mr Bay told him that
since it was his decision to go there, he should make his own way there. Mr
Bay said twice more that the appellant had declined his proposal to have the
recording done another day and it was the appellant who insisted on having his
statement recorded that day.[note: 50]

155 The appellant did not challenge Mr Bay immediately on these assertions. It
was only at the end of his cross-examination of Mr Bay that he put it to Mr
Bay that he had ordered the appellant to go to the CPIB on 5 April 2012. Mr
Bay disagreed.[note: 51]

156 When the appellant was cross-examined at the ancillary hearing, he gave
three reasons why he was keen to go to the CPIB on 5 April 2012 after his
discharge from hospital:

(a) first, it was because he was keen to clear his name;

(b) second, it was to collect his car which he had left there; and

(c) third, he had been ordered to go there by Mr Bay.[note: 52]

157 It is quite clear to me that it was the appellant who decided on his own
volition to go to the CPIB on 5 April 2012. That is why he did not challenge
Mr Bay’s evidence initially. He did not even attempt to establish that Mr
Bay’s evidence was untrue beyond putting it to Mr Bay that he had ordered the
appellant to attend. The reason about wanting to collect his car was his
attempt to mask the reality that it was he who had voluntarily decided to go
there to clear his name. He then gave the weak reason that he wanted to
collect his car, a reason which he did not suggest to Mr Bay when Mr Bay was
being cross-examined. This was not a situation where he only wanted to collect
his car and was somehow coerced into attending an interview.

158 The appellant’s very act of insisting on discharge, and his voluntary
return to the CPIB immediately thereafter, undercut his contention that the
interrogations with the CPIB were so traumatic that they amounted to a
stressor that caused an acute stress disorder which led to the involuntariness
of the Statements. Dr Yong gave evidence that a person under the effects of
acute stress disorder would avoid returning to a place where the trauma from
the stressor could be relived. Yet the appellant himself wanted to return to
the CPIB office to “giv[e] an explanation” even though he knew that he was
involved in an “official investigation” and that what he said would “be
officially recorded”.[note: 53]

159 The second point relates to the appellant’s return to the CPIB even after
the appellant had seen Dr Tan on 9 April 2012. After the appellant’s
appointment with Dr Tan that morning, on the same day, the appellant returned
to the CPIB to hand over some items requested by the CPIB. The appellant was
then asked whether he was able to provide a statement. He said that he was not
feeling well. He left without making a statement. The appellant then returned
to the CPIB again on 10 April 2012 to hand in a printer, which he had
forgotten to bring down to the CPIB the previous day. The appellant’s evidence
was that at that point in time, he was aware of Dr Tan’s advice that he was
not fit to be interviewed by the CPIB. The appellant said he had told Mr Khoo,
the recorder of the statement on 10 April 2012, that “Dr Tommy Tan recorded in
his patient’s note I wasn’t fit for interview.”[note: 54] But this was not put
to Mr Khoo when Mr Khoo was being cross-examined. In any event, the appellant
made a statement on that day. Mr Khoo, on the other hand, gave evidence that
it was the appellant himself who volunteered to give a statement on 10 April
2012.[note: 55]

160 The appellant said that he had to cancel an appointment he had with Dr Tan
on 10 April 2012 in order to attend at the CPIB that day. The insinuation was
that he could not even keep his appointment with Dr Tan because the CPIB was
insisting on his attendance. Yet, if he wanted to, he could have asked Dr Tan
or Mr Low to inform the CPIB that he was not fit to attend an interview that
day and indeed that he had to consult Dr Tan that same day.

161 It seems to me that the appellant chose to cancel his appointment with Dr
Tan. Later, he decided to make it seem as though he had no choice but to do
so.

162 After 10 April 2012, the appellant gave further statements on 17, 18 and
24 May 2012 to Mr Teng. It is true that the appellant was required by the CPIB
to attend at the 24 May 2012 session. However, if he was indeed in no state to
be interviewed and if he was being coerced to attend all the interviews
between 10 and 24 May 2012, why then did he not seek help from Dr Tan and Mr
Low to notify the CPIB that he ought not to be interviewed? Apparently, he did
not tell Dr Tan or his solicitors that he was being coerced to attend and was
saying things which he could not understand or remember.

163 The appellant suggested that his mind was so fragile that he yielded and
gave the statements. Although his memory of what transpired at some of the
sessions appeared to be quite vivid, he said that he had little memory of the
session on 10 April 2012 and that he could hear nothing for the second half of
the session on 17 May 2012.

164 It is clear to me that the appellant was capable of making, and did make,
the decision to be interviewed by the CPIB at the material times. He was also
capable of understanding questions and giving relevant answers to those
questions. I find his evidence that he had little memory of what transpired on
10 April 2012 and that he could not hear anything in the second half of the
session on 17 May 2012 to be unconvincing. For example, he did not mention
such specifics to Dr Tan or anyone else. The upshot of the expert and factual
evidence is that the medical condition did not cause the appellant to be
delirious or cause his mind not to go with the statements he was making. It
was only as an afterthought that the appellant made a self-serving suggestion
to Prof Chesterman that the Statements may not have been given voluntarily.
This suggestion was alluded to by Prof Chesterman in an email to Mr Khoo dated
25 May 2012 (see above at [105]) expressing the potential involuntariness of
the Statements recorded from the appellant.

165 As for the six cautioned statements which the appellant gave to the CPIB
on 26 July 2012, there was no satisfactory explanation from him as to why
these statements were given voluntarily but the Statements were not, even
though he was supposed to have been suffering from a medical condition from 2
April 2012 until and during the trial in 2013. I find that even if the
appellant was suffering from acute stress disorder, it did not affect the
voluntariness of the Statements.

166 In the circumstances, there is no reason for me to conclude that the TJ’s
decision on the admissibility of the Statements was plainly wrong. I am of the
view that the Statements were correctly admitted as evidence. The weight to be
given to the Statements is another matter.

The second issue: whether s 8 of the Act applied

167 The applicable law on corruption has been set out above at [8] to [26].
Before examining whether the elements of the offence have been made out, it is
necessary to determine where the evidential burden of proof lies. This rests
on the applicability of s 8 of the Act. It was not disputed that the appellant
did receive the acts of gratification and that Ms Ko did have dealings with
NUS both before and after the acts of gratification had taken place.
Therefore, the issue is whether NUS is a “public body” within the definition
provided in s 2 of the Act.

Parties’ cases on the applicability of s 8 of the Act

168 The appellant submitted that the TJ had erred in law by characterising NUS
as a “public body”. The appellant argued that the purpose of s 8 was to
reverse the burden of proof only for government, civil, and public servants.
The appellant argued that NUS professors and employees could not be considered
government, civil or public servants.

169 Mr Low conceded that “public body” should be interpreted widely but he
nevertheless maintained that NUS still fell outside the definition of “public
body”. NUS had become autonomous since its corporatisation; NUS was no longer
accountable to the Auditor-General or the government and could spend its money
as it pleased.

170 The Prosecution submitted that “public body” should be interpreted widely
to include any body that carried out a public purpose. Notwithstanding NUS’s
corporatisation, it continued to serve “the public and national interest”, and
was thus a public body.

171 The Prosecution also argued that NUS was a body for public utility,
through which the Government furthered its objects of providing tertiary
education. NUS was publicly funded and obliged to comply with the
accountability framework between itself and the Minister for Education (“the
Minister”); it was obliged to comply with policy directions on higher
education issued by the Minister; it was subject to continuing and significant
control by the Minister.

172 The Prosecution argued in the alternative that NUS was a corporation to
administer money levied or raised by rates or charges in pursuance of any
written law, because it receives government funding.

173 Finally, the Prosecution submitted that the appellant’s argument that s 8
of the Act only applied to government, civil or public servants was a non-
starter. Such an argument was foreclosed by the plain wording of s 8 of the
Act.

The court’s decision on the applicability of s 8 of the Act

The scope of a “public body” in s 2 of the Act

174 Assuming that there is a typographical error, an undertaking “of public
utility” is a “public body” as defined in s 2 of the Act. If there is no
typographical error, a corporation is a public body if it “has power to act
under and for the purposes of any written law relating to…public utility”. The
difference does not affect the outcome in the present case. There is also the
limb, “or otherwise to administer money levied or raised by rates or charges
in pursuance of any written law.” The TJ found that NUS was a public body
because NUS fulfilled a public purpose, or alternatively, because NUS
administered public funds.

175 On appeal, the Prosecution relied on four authorities which it claimed
supported a wider proposition that s 2 should be read broadly to include any
body that exercised or fulfilled a public purpose:

(a) the UK House of Lords decision in _Director of Public Prosecutions v
Holly_ [1978] 1 AC 43 (“ _Holly_ ”);

(b) _Top of the Cross Pty Ltd and another v Federal Commissioner of Taxation_
(1980) 50 FLR 19 (“ _Top of the Cross_ ”);

(c) _PP v Tan Sri Kasitah_ [2009] 6 MLJ 494 (“ _Tan Sri Kasitah_ ”); and

(d) _United Malacca Rubber Estates Bhd v Pentadbir Tanah Daerah Johor Bahru_
[1997] 4 MLJ 1 (“ _United Malacca_ ”).

Mr Low did not challenge this broader proposition which the Prosecution was
asserting. I will address each of the cases raised by the Prosecution.

(1) _Holly_

176 _Holly_ concerned the interpretation of s 4(2) of the UK 1916 Act. It
reads as follows:

... [T]he expression “public body” includes, in addition to the bodies
mentioned in the last-mentioned Act, local and public authorities _of all
descriptions_. [emphasis added]

177 The “last-mentioned Act” in s 4(2) of the UK 1916 Act refers to the UK
Public Bodies Corrupt Practices Act 1889 (52 & 53 Vict c 69) (UK) (“the UK
1889 Act”). The UK 1889 Act defined a public body at s 7 as follows:

The expression “public body” means any council of a county or county of a city
or town, any council of a municipal borough, also any board, commissioners,
select vestry, or other body which has power to act under and for the purposes
of any Act relating to local government, or the public health, or to poor law
or otherwise to administer money raised by rates in pursuance of any public
general Act, but does not include any public body as above defined existing
elsewhere than in the United Kingdom …

178 The question before the House of Lords was whether the North Thames Gas
Board was a “public body” within s 4(2) of the UK 1916 Act. This turned on
whether the North Thames Gas Board fell within the definition “local and
public authorities _of all descriptions_ ” [emphasis added]. The House of
Lords accepted the decisions of the Court of Appeal and the Central Criminal
Court at first instance. It agreed with a definition adopted by the Court of
Appeal that a “public authority” is “a body…which has public or statutory
duties to perform”. The House of Lords held that the North Thames Gas Board
was a public authority, and therefore, a public body within s 4(2) of the UK
1916 Act.

179 Lord Edmund-Davies’ observation in _Holly_ (at 54D–E) that it was
difficult to imagine any wording which could be wider than s 4(2) of the UK
1916 Act was made in respect of the phrase “public authorities of all
descriptions”.

180 In my view, the definition of “public body” considered in _Holly_ , and
the question before the House of Lords in that case is substantially different
from the question before me in relation to s 2 of the Act. _Holly_ does not
lend any support to the Prosecution’s submission that a public body includes,
without more, any body which exercises or fulfils a public purpose.

(2) _Top of the Cross_

181 The next case which the Prosecution referred to was the _Top of the Cross_
decision by the Supreme Court of New South Wales.

182 _Top of the Cross_ is clearly distinguishable because it concerned the
scope of s 62A of the New South Wales Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Cht)
(NSW). The provision governed tax deductions for expenditure incurred by a
taxpayer for a franchise which would later become the property of the
Commonwealth of Australia. The Supreme Court of New South Wales found that the
motel the appellants were operating in Tullamarine airport was a project of
public utility. It held that the appellants qualified for the tax deductions.
The provision considered in _Top of the Cross_ was facilitative in nature; it
allowed tax deductions for projects which the Commonwealth of Australia had
effectively sub-contracted. The phrase “public utility” was read widely to
give effect to the policy of allowing tax deductions for such franchises. =

183 In contrast, the case before me concerns a penal statute. The principle is
that penal provisions should be construed strictly. The following observation
of Winn J in _R v Newbould_ [1962] 2 QB 102 (at 106) on the principle of
construction is apposite notwithstanding that he was overturned on the
substantive issue relating to s 4(2) of the UK 1916 Act:

... [U]nless I feel convinced that it is sound in law, it would seem to be
unwarrantable for me to rule in a sense gravely adverse to a man accused of
this serious criminal charge, because, as [counsel for the accused] has
reminded me, not only juries but a judge concerned with a criminal charge
should always, as I understand it, give the benefit of any real doubt to the
accused man.

(3) _United Malacca_

184 I turn now to the two Malaysian cases cited by the Prosecution. The first,
_United Malacca_ , did not concern corruption. It concerned the Malaysian Land
Acquisition Act 1960 (Act 486) (Malaysia). The Malaysian Land Authority sought
to acquire certain land for the second Singapore-Malaysia Causeway Project.
Under the statute, declarations of such acquisitions were required to contain
a reference that the State authority was of the opinion that the undertaking
was one of public utility. One of the questions in _United Malacca_ was
whether the declaration contained such a reference.

185 The court addressed what would count as an undertaking of public utility
in the course of its judgment. While the court cited _Top of the Cross_ as
authority for the proposition that “public utility” should be interpreted
widely, such an interpretation was not necessary. The works under the project
fell within the paradigm example of “public utility”: they comprised a road
network system, the second causeway, water pipelines, and the infrastructure
for transmission of electricity and telecommunications. In the court’s own
words, the works would “without question have appeared in ordinary language to
have an undertaking of public utility” (at 14E).

186 Further, the same objection to _Top of the Cross_ holds true in relation
to _United Malacca_ : the provision in consideration _did not concern a penal
provision_. I do not think that _United Malacca_ provides support for the
proposition that “public utility” in s 2 of the Act should be read widely for
the purposes of the Act.

(4) _Tan Sri Kasitah_

187 The second Malaysian case, _Tan Sri Kasitah_ , concerned corruption.
There, the appellant faced two charges. The first was a corrupt practice
charge under the Emergency (Essential Powers) Ordinance (Ordinance No 22 of
1970) (Malaysia) (“the Malaysian Ordinance 22/1970”). The second was a
cheating charge under s 417 of the Malaysian Penal Code (FMS Cap 45)
(Malaysia). Both charges arose from the same series of acts. The appellant was
a director of the board of the Sabah Land Development Board (“SLDB”). He was
alleged to have received shares from the giver in exchange for having the SLDB
board approve the transfer of SLDB shares to the giver. To ensure that the
SLDB board approved the transfer, the appellant deceived the SLDB board by
concealing certain important information relating to the transaction.

188 In order for the appellant to be convicted under s 2(1) of the Malaysian
Ordinance 22/1970, he had to be an employee of a public body. The court had to
determine whether the SLDB was a public body. For the purposes of the
Malaysian Ordinance 22/1970, s 2 of the Malaysian Prevention of Corruption Act
1961 (Act 57) (Malaysia) (“the 1961 Malaysian PCA”), defined “public body” as
follows:

‘public body’ includes —

...

(d) Any corporation, council, board, commissioners or other body which has
power to act under and for the purpose of any written law in force in Malaysia
or any part thereof relating to local government, public health or
undertakings of public utility, or otherwise has power to administer funds
belonging to any Government in Malaysia, or money raised by rates, taxes or
charges in pursuance of any written law in force in Malaysia or any part
thereof …

Paragraph (d) of s 2 of the 1961 Malaysian PCA is substantially similar to the
definition of “public body” in s 2 of the Act.

189 The SLDB came under the direct charge of the Minister for Resource
Development and Environment and could only undertake projects with the
guidance and consent of the Minister for Finance, Minister for Resource
Development and Environment, and the Chief Minister of Sabah. It had been
established under the Sabah Land Development Board Enactment 1981 (Sabah No 23
of 1981) with the purpose of promoting and carrying out projects for land
development and settlement. The SLDB had been described in evidence as a semi-
government body. The appellant also agreed that the SLDB was not created for
commercial purposes.

190 The court found that even though the SLDB had been corporatised, it could
only undertake projects and sell shares under the supervision and with the
consent of the Chief Minister of Sabah and Ministers for Finance and Resource
Development and Environment. It was therefore a public body within the meaning
of s 2 of the 1961 Malaysian PCA (see _Tan Sri Kasitah_ at [79]–[81]).

191 I do not find that _Tan Sri Kasitah_ is authority for the Prosecution’s
argument that the words “public body” should be interpreted to include any
body which exercises a public purpose. The reasoning of the court in _Tan Sri
Kasitah_ related to the extent of ministerial and government control which was
maintained over the SLDB, even to the extent of controlling the sale of its
shares. The court also reasoned that the SLDB was a body constituted by
statute which could be described as a semi-governmental body. _Tan Sri
Kasitah_ suggested that the definition of a “public body” would rest on the
extent of government control exercised over it and the manner of its
constitution, or, in other words, whether it was a creature of statute.

192 Upon consideration of the cases above, I find that there is little support
for the Prosecution’s wider contention that s 2 must include any body which
exercises or fulfils a public purpose.

Whether NUS falls within the s 2 definition of a public body

193 I will now address the question of whether NUS falls within the s 2
definition of “public body”. This will necessitate a consideration of NUS’s
historical and juridical origins and its subsequent development.

194 NUS began as a medical school in 1905 pursuant to a petition for the same
sent to the Governor of the Straits Settlements. The medical school was
constituted in June 1905 under Ordinance No 15 of 1905. It became a full-
fledged university on 8 October 1949 under the name University of Malaya by
the University of Malaya Ordinance 1949 (Ordinance No 12 of 1949). In 1959,
the University of Malaya was split into two different establishments: one in
Singapore and one in Kuala Lumpur. In 1959, the Nanyang University Ordinance
(Ordinance No 27 of 1959) was passed to give statutory basis to the university
in Singapore as an educational institution. It was renamed the University of
Singapore in 1962.

195 NUS was officially established under its new (and current) name in 1980.
Again, this was done by statute, the National University of Singapore Act (Act
21 of 1980) (“the 1980 Act”). The 1980 Act governed the establishment,
functions, powers and day to day operations of NUS. The university
constitution was annexed to the 1980 Act as Schedule 1. If NUS wanted to
change its constitution, it would have to obtain an order of amendment from
the Minister as it did in 2000 with the National University of Singapore Act
(Amendment of University Constitution) Order 2000 (S 356/2000) and in 2004
with the National University of Singapore Act (Amendment of University
Constitution) (No 2) Order 2004 (S 470/2000).

196 The history of NUS reveals that it was a body created and governed by
statute. It was not until 2005 that NUS was corporatised pursuant to the
National University of Singapore (Corporatisation) Act (Act 45 of 2005) (“the
Corporatisation Act”).

197 The appellant stressed that the intent of the corporatisation was to make
NUS an autonomous university. He relied on the speech of the Minister at the
second reading of the relevant bill on 21 November 2005 in support of his
submission.

198 The Prosecution pointed out that NUS was still subject to government
control.

199 I set out below extracts of what the Minister said at the second reading
of the relevant bill on 21 November 2005 (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (21 November 2005) vol 80 col 1854):

In April 2004, we initiated the University Autonomy, Governance and Funding
review, what I will call the UAGF review, to find an appropriate model of
autonomy for our three universities. The UAGF Steering Committee, chaired by
the 2nd Permanent Secretary of Education, LG(NS) Lim Chuan Poh, released its
preliminary report and recommendations in January this year. Its key
recommendation was to corporatise NUS and NTU into not-for-profit public
companies limited by guarantee, or in short, to make them Autonomous
Universities. SMU, which was already established as a public company limited
by guarantee, has always been an Autonomous University.

The Ministry’s International Academic Advisory Panel (IAAP) met in January
2005 and discussed extensively the recommendations of the UAGF. It strongly
endorsed the move to transform NUS and NTU into Autonomous Universities, just
like SMU, to enable them to achieve teaching and research excellence, raise
their international standing and enhance their students’ learning experience.
The IAAP also made several useful observations. These included the need for
university education at the three universities to remain accessible and
affordable. There must also be greater accountability with increased autonomy.
The IAAP endorsed the enhanced accountability framework for the Autonomous
Universities, which assures the public that the universities’ missions remain
aligned with our national strategic objectives and that the quality of
university education continues to be enhanced.

…

The granting of autonomy to NUS and NTU will, fundamentally, not just be about
a change in relationship between Government and universities but about a
change in the internal culture of our universities. Autonomy is the catalyst
for the change in internal culture. It will bring greater collective ownership
and more proactive participation from amongst all the university stakeholders
– the Council (or what will soon be called the Board of Trustees after
corporatisation), the university management, faculty, staff and students and,
quite importantly, the alumni of the universities.

The three Autonomous Universities will remain key institutions in Singapore.
The Government remains committed to providing them substantial funding. …

Next, the issue of accountability. It is critical that we strike the right
balance between autonomy and accountability. We have to give our universities
the freedom to set their own directions, to differentiate themselves and to
forge their own distinctive cultures. In this regard, the NUS and NTU
(Corporatisation) Bills are in line with the thrust of the existing SMU Act.
The new legislation aims to safeguard the Government’s strategic interest in
the university sector but give the universities the autonomy to be nimble and
responsive in a rapidly evolving landscape. The Bills are crafted with this
balance in mind. The approach we have taken is to retain those clauses from
the existing NUS and NTU Acts which are still relevant, with some
modifications in the new Acts where necessary, and to include new clauses
arising from the UAGF recommendations. …

_Role of Government_

It will remain the Government’s responsibility to steer the strategic
direction of the overall university sector and ensure that our three
universities meet strategic national priorities. This is provided for in
clause 5. It will largely be operationalized through the Policy Agreement that
will be signed between the Ministry and the university, as part of the
enhanced accountability framework that is being put in place.

Strong governance structures are critical to the success of the university. As
such, the Minister for Education will continue to appoint the university’s
Board of Trustees (BOT), as provided for in clause 6. We must appoint the
right people as Trustees. …

_Enhanced accountability_

The enhanced accountability framework for the Autonomous University, as
reflected in the new clause 4, will comprise the following:

Firstly, a Policy Agreement to be signed between each university, in the
present instance, NUS, and the Ministry of Education that stipulates the key
policy parameters articulated by MOE which the university must abide by in
order to receive Government funding. …

Secondly, a Performance Agreement, besides the Policy Agreement I just spoke
about, which will be formulated by the university and agreed to by the
Ministry of Education. This is the university’s ex-ante declaration of what it
is setting out to achieve in the areas of teaching, research, service and
organisational development. This Agreement will be reviewed every five years.
In addition, the Ministry and each university will work out and agree on the
number of graduates to be trained by the university in broad clusters of
disciplines on an annual basis. The performance of the university will be
reviewed annually in the four areas of academic teaching and curriculum,
research outcomes and training, contribution and service to the wider
community, and organisation development matters. It would include such issues
as the breadth of the curriculum that the universities are seeking to achieve,
things such as the number of cross faculty modules that undergraduates are
required to cover, and the percentage of students that the universities intend
to send for overseas exposure through exchange programmes.

Thirdly, the existing Ministry of Education’s Quality Assurance Framework for
Universities (QAFU) that includes an on-site external validation of the
university’s performance by an MOE-commissioned external review panel. QAFU
already exists. …

In order to ensure that the Autonomous Universities remain fully accountable
for the use of public monies, the new clause 9 provides for the Ministry to
have continued full and free access to all records relating to financial
transactions of the university company, and to be able to make such records
available to the public.

The Minister for Education’s consent would also have to be sought for the
university’s functions cited in clause 7 of the Bill, such as the disposal of
property, winding-up of the university company, as well as the addition,
deletion or alteration of the university company’s constituent documents.

The Ministry is mindful that we want to give our universities the autonomy
they need to excel, and not to be encumbered by unnecessary procedures and
processes. I am confident that we will be able to find the right balance
between autonomy and accountability, and that the processes of accountability
will not be burdensome.

200 I accept that the intent behind the Corporatisation Act was to grant
autonomy to NUS but the speech of the Minister makes it clear that NUS was not
being transformed completely. NUS was not being granted complete autonomy but
“increased autonomy”. While the Minister did refer to NUS and other
universities as autonomous universities and to the granting of autonomy to
NUS, it is clear that the autonomy was not intended to be complete. Hence, the
Minister’s emphasis on striking the right balance between autonomy and
accountability. Various provisions in the bill, and now in the Corporatisation
Act, are on “enhanced accountability” as the Minister put it.

201 The appellant also submitted that the model adopted for NUS was that of
the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (“MIT”), a private university, as
the Minister had referred to MIT in his speech. However, the Minister referred
to MIT only in the context of emphasising that NUS was not to be for profit,
just like MIT.

202 Another one of the appellant’s main arguments was that the staff of NUS
cannot be characterised as civil or public servants as they are not employees
of the civil service nor do they hold a public office. The appellant
submitted, by way of example, that Prof Lily Kong, a Vice-Provost of NUS, is a
member of the Public Service Commission and hence is not eligible for
appointment to any public office by virtue of Art 105(6) of the Constitution
of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint).

203 The appellant also pointed to the 13 February 1960 Parliamentary debate on
the Act. His case was that Parliament’s purpose in enacting the Act was to
provide for a stricter control of public and civil servants only, because they
should be held to a higher standard.

204 The Prosecution argued that that debate was irrelevant because the wording
of s 8 clearly indicated that any employee of a public body would fall under s
8 and s 8 was not restricted to the public or civil service nor to public
servants.

205 I agree with the Prosecution’s submission about the words of s 8 which
apply to any “person in the employment of…a public body [to whom gratification
has been paid or given to or who has received gratification] by or from a
person or agent of a person who has or seeks to have any dealing with…any
public body”. The only criterion, on a plain reading of s 8, is that the
recipient be in the employment of the public body in question.

206 There is also no suggestion that Parliament intended a double requirement
that the recipient must be employed by the “public body” _and_ also be a
public officer or civil servant. In other words, NUS need not be a public body
for every purpose. It may be a “public body” for the purposes of the Act only,
even though its employees are not public or civil servants.

207 I come now to a statement made by Mr Ong Pang Boon, the Minister for Home
Affairs in 1960 which the appellant relied on for his argument that s 8
applies to public and civil servants only. Mr Ong had stated the rationale
behind the Act during the 13 February 1960 Parliamentary debates as follows
(see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (13 February 1960) vol
12 col 376):

The Government is deeply conscious that a Government cannot survive, no matter
how good its aims and intentions are, if corruption exists in its ranks and
its public services on which it depends to provide the efficient and effective
administrative machinery to translate its policies into action.

It is true that Mr Ong’s emphasis was on the government and its public
services but his statement was made in respect of the entire legislation and
was not confined to s 8. It was not disputed that the Act applies to all.
Therefore, his statement did not assist the appellant on the interpretation of
s 8.

208 I accept that NUS is not a semi-governmental body which was the finding in
_Tan Sri Kasitah_. Although there are some similarities between SLDB and NUS
in government supervision, NUS has much more autonomy. Nevertheless,
notwithstanding that autonomy, the accountability framework in the
Corporatisation Act and the fact that NUS is open to the public for tertiary
education lead me to conclude that NUS is a “public body” for the purposes of
the Act in that it is an undertaking of public utility. If there is no
typographical error, then it is a corporation which has power to act under and
for the purposes of the Corporatisation Act relating to public utility,
namely, public tertiary education.

209 In the circumstances, it is unnecessary for me to decide on the
alternative limb which the Prosecution was relying on, that is, that NUS is a
corporation which has power to act under the Corporatisation Act “to
administer money levied or raised by rates or charges in pursuance of any
written law”.

210 I thus find that s 8 applied to reverse the evidential burden of proof.
The appellant bore the burden of proving on a balance of probabilities that
his receipt of the six acts of gratification was not made with the requisite
_mens rea_.

The third issue: whether the elements of each offence were made out

211 This is a convenient point to recollect the four elements of an offence
under s 6(_a_) of the Act. The first is the acceptance of gratification. The
second is that the gratification was an inducement or reward. The third is
that there was an objective corrupt element in the transaction. The fourth is
that the recipient accepted the gratification with guilty knowledge. The first
element makes up the _actus reus_ , while the other three elements constitute
the _mens rea_.

Parties’ cases on the elements of the offences

212 The appellant claimed that there was no objective corrupt element. The six
acts which formed the basis of the charges were gifts made pursuant to a
mutually loving relationship; they were expressions of Ms Ko’s love for him.
It never crossed the appellant’s mind that they were given with an expectation
that he would show Ms Ko favour in assessing her academic performance. The
appellant argued that the TJ erred in finding that the relationship was a one-
sided affair. The TJ did not take into account new evidence such as the cards,
emails and a note Ms Ko had written to him; the TJ was wrong in not allowing
the appellant’s application to recall Ms Ko as a witness on the new evidence;
the TJ also did not consider the gifts the appellant had given to Ms Ko; and
the TJ was wrong to impeach Ms Ko.

213 The appellant argued that he had made repayment for Ms Ko’s acts. This was
based on two chequefoils in his chequebook.

214 The Prosecution argued that the acts were objectively corrupt when viewed
in the context within which they occurred. The parties were in an unequal
position, and this gave rise to a _prima facie_ case that the act was received
as an inducement to show favour. The appellant had attempted to groom Ms Ko by
dropping hints of his influence and power over her academic results at NUS. In
this regard, the Prosecution relied on the Statements (from the appellant) and
Ms Ko’s first statement. The Prosecution argued that the TJ was right to
impeach Ms Ko and place more weight on her first statement than on her third
statement or her oral evidence.

215 The Prosecution also argued that the appellant knew the transaction was
corrupt, and had the requisite guilty knowledge. The appellant had known that
his conduct was prohibited under NUS’s policies. The elements of the
respective offences under s 6(_a_) were therefore satisfied, and had not been
rebutted by the appellant on a balance of probabilities.

The court’s decision on the elements of the offences

The actus reus

216 It is common ground that the appellant received the six acts of
gratification from Ms Ko. Nevertheless, the appellant stressed that he had
fully reimbursed Ms Ko for the Mont Blanc pen and pouch, the CYC shirts, the
iPod and the Garibaldi Bill. It was unclear whether he was alleging the $2,500
reimbursement so that the _actus reus_ was not even made out or whether he was
disputing the _mens rea_ of each offence. I will deal with the $2,500
reimbursement allegation preliminarily before moving on to the main bone of
contention between the parties which was in respect of the _mens rea_.

217 The appellant said that he had handed Ms Ko a cheque of $2,500 sometime
after 8 July 2010. When he realised that the cheque had not been encashed, he
said he handed her cash of $2,500 about two or three days before she departed
for the USA on 3 August 2010. The $2,500 was supposed to include his advance
estimate of the cost of the Garibaldi dinner. As evidence of the cheque, the
appellant referred to two chequefoils (D12 and D12A). The latter, D12A,
contained a bit more information as it was a chequefoil with a date “2/7”
which in context meant 2 July 2010. It also had the following details: “DWHKo
(+ dinner 8/7/10)” and the withdrawn amount was $2,500. D12 had less
information and I need not say more about it. In written submissions, the
appellant criticised the TJ for not allowing forensic ink-dating or
handwriting evidence to be given on D12A to establish that it was indeed
written on or about 2 July 2010.

218 The TJ had various reasons for rejecting the allegation that the appellant
had reimbursed Ms Ko $2,500. I need only set out some of the TJ’s reasons.

219 First, Ms Ko herself denied having received the cheque for $2,500 or cash
of $2,500 from the appellant. Her evidence was that she had subsequently asked
the appellant, after she returned to Singapore in January 2011, to reimburse
her for the Garibaldi Bill. As she had forgotten the amount of the bill she
asked him for $1,000 and he did give her cash of $1,000 but not $2,500. The TJ
was of the view that Ms Ko’s evidence was fatal to the appellant’s allegation
that he had given her $2,500 whether by cheque or cash (at [409]–[410] of the
GD).

220 Secondly, the date on D12A, which was in loose sheet form and not in a
booklet, was 2 July, _ie_ , meaning 2 July 2010, and the date of a dinner
indicated thereon was 8 July 2010. However, the dinner at Garibaldi was on 21
July 2010 instead. The TJ reasoned that it was impossible for the appellant to
have estimated the cost of the Garibaldi dinner in advance as it was an _a la
carte_ dinner and the guests were free to order food and drinks (at [425] of
the GD).

221 Thirdly, the appellant had said in oral evidence that the $2,500 cash was
withdrawn from a bank. Yet he could not say when he withdrew that sum from the
bank. Nor did he produce any bank statement to substantiate this allegation.
Indeed, when he was pressed in cross-examination to say when he withdrew the
sum from the bank, the appellant changed course and started to suggest that
there might have been sufficient cash at home. He then said he could not
remember where the $2,500 in cash came from (at [427]–[428] of the GD).

222 Fourthly, if the appellant had indeed reimbursed Ms Ko $2,500, why then
did he hand her cash of another $1,000? It was not disputed that he did hand
her $1,000 upon her request. Ms Ko’s evidence was that the $1,000 was for
reimbursement of the Garibaldi Bill. I note that the appellant said that he
had handed Ms Ko $1,000 because Ms Ko had said that her mother wanted the
money “back”.[note: 56] However, the appellant did not ask Ms Ko how he came
to be owing her mother money if that was untrue, as he was suggesting. Nor did
he suggest to Ms Ko in her cross-examination that the $1,000 that she received
was an additional sum or that it was her mother who wanted this sum.

223 I add the following observations. If the appellant had truly intended to
pay for the CYC shirts, why did he not make payment at the CYC shop there and
then? Furthermore, the appellant acknowledged that he did not specifically
inform Ms Ko that the $2,500 included his estimate of the cost of the
Garibaldi dinner. This was peculiar if his version were true.

224 As regards the appellant’s argument that the TJ ought to have allowed his
application for forensic ink-dating and handwriting evidence to be given, I do
not see how that exercise would have helped him as such evidence would not be
able to indicate whether the cheque was in fact issued and if so for what
purpose. That exercise would not have addressed the obstacles in the way of
his allegation. Furthermore, it was not disputed that the handwriting on D12A
was his.

225 I too am of the view that the allegation that the appellant had reimbursed
Ms Ko $2,500 was a fabrication. Therefore, the appellant cannot rely on it to
dispute the _actus reus_ or _mens rea_.

226 I add that a loan would still count as the _actus reus_ for the purposes
of the Act (see above at [9]).

The mens rea

The intention element

227 The crucial question in the present case relates to the second and third
elements: whether the appellant received the gratification believing that it
was given as a quid pro quo for granting her a dishonest gain or advantage.

228 The alleged dishonest gain or advantage in question was showing favour to
Ms Ko in the appellant’s assessment of her academic performance. The
appellant’s case was not that showing favour to Ms Ko in his assessment of her
academic performance was not corrupt. His case was that he did not think that
Ms Ko was giving him the gratification to obtain favour from him in his
assessment of her academic performance. Nor did he receive the acts of
gratification on that basis. He thought that they were gifts.

229 Mr Jumabhoy impressed upon me during the oral hearing of the appeal that
the context is all important in ascertaining intention. I agree. Indeed, the
appellant did not disagree with this submission. Therefore, the nature of the
relationship between the appellant and Ms Ko was important. The appellant
alleged that this was a mutually loving relationship. The TJ found that it was
not.

230 Some of the evidence pertaining to the relationship was oral evidence
given by the appellant and Ms Ko on the stand. There were also cards, notes
and emails in evidence. However, such evidence was produced by the appellant
late. The appellant’s own emails to Ms Ko were comparatively few. The
threshold for disturbing the TJ’s findings on appeal is, as I have mentioned
earlier, whether his assessment was “plainly wrong or against the weight of
the evidence”: see _Tat Seng Machine Movers_ at [41].

231 With this in mind, I assess the evidence before me starting with the
evidence which the appellant was relying on to establish a mutually loving
relationship between Ms Ko and him.

232 First, the appellant pointed to cards, a note and emails which Ms Ko sent
to him in the course of their alleged relationship. In my view, these cards, a
note and emails showed what Ms Ko thought. They shed little light on whether
Ms Ko’s feelings were in fact reciprocated. They were therefore equivocal
evidence about the alleged mutually loving relationship.

233 Second, the appellant pointed to the fact that he also gave Ms Ko gifts.
Ms Ko did not deny this. She admitted that the appellant gave her “books and
stuff”[note: 57] and that she had returned “everything he had given me save
for my birthday present, which was a bottle of wine. These consisted of a bag
and a lot of books.”[note: 58] However, the appellant did not go further to
cross-examine Ms Ko about these gifts. The appellant also did not elaborate on
the value of those gifts in his own evidence. This was a glaring omission in
the appellant’s evidence particularly in the light of the fact that part of
the appellant’s testimony was that the value of the Mont Blanc pen and iPod
was “very small… from [his] perspective”.[note: 59] If the appellant wanted to
show that he gave as much as he had received (as he suggested during the
trial), then it would have made sense for the appellant to talk about the
equivalence in value of his gifts. He did not.

234 Third, the appellant pointed to emails which he sent to Ms Ko. In one of
these emails dated 4 September 2010 (D75), the appellant had found a Chinese
love poem and sent it to Ms Ko. The appellant says that this showed that he
loved her. The TJ doubted the sincerity of this email as he took note of the
fact that the appellant had not come up with the poem himself but had copied
and pasted it from the internet. I do not think that the origin of the poem
necessarily meant that there was no mutually loving relationship. However, I
find that this email was also equivocal. Sending Ms Ko a love poem was equally
consistent with a desire to make Ms Ko think that he loved her.

235 Fourth, the appellant said that he paid for his own expenses during his
visit to Ms Ko in the USA in September 2011. However, even if the appellant
paid for his own expenses, this did not show that the appellant returned Ms
Ko’s affection.

236 I come now to the evidence which the TJ referred to when he concluded that
there was no mutually loving relationship.

237 The TJ noted that the appellant never mentioned the mutually loving
relationship in any of the Statements or in any of the cautioned statements
even though the admissibility of the latter was not challenged and even though
the appellant had engaged Mr Low before he gave all of the Statements and the
cautioned statements.

238 Instead, the appellant had made various incriminating statements against
himself in the Statements. For example:

(a) In para 54 of PS7, he said, “I also had sex with Darinne in anticipation
that she would want some favour from me in return in future in the form of
better grades. The favour I had given was the “A” grade I had given her for
the Cross Border Insolvency Paper”.

(b) In para 98 of PS9, he said, “I persuaded her to remain in Singapore
because I was in love with her. I told her that I loved her at the lunch.” Yet
in para 120 of PS9, he stated:

The recorder asked for the reason why I wanted to make love with Darinne Ko. I
wish to say that it was done with guilty intent. It was corrupt gratification.
It was given for future references and her good grades. There was no love. The
recorder asked me why I have earlier on said that I loved her. I was wrong and
I have never in love before. I took it as corrupt gratification from Darinne
Ko.

(c) In para 121 of PS9, he said, “The 2nd sexual intercourse was taken with
the same corrupt motive and purpose.”

(d) In para 167 of PS10, he said that Ms Ko’s motive for various acts of
gratification “was with guilty intent. It is because she expected me to show
her favour and helped her get into justice law clerk and an international law
firm. I think that she is guiltier than I am.”

239 The TJ was of the view that the initial lack of mention of a mutually
loving relationship was in stark contrast to how the mutually loving
relationship became the appellant’s full blown defence at the second tranche
of his trial in 2013 after the court in _PP v Ng Boon Gay_ [2013] SGDC 132 (“
_Ng Boon Gay_ ”) acquitted the accused there. In that case, the court found
that the accused and the giver had a mutually loving relationship and that the
transactions in question were not corrupt.

240 The appellant sought to counter this observation of the TJ with the
following arguments.

241 First, he said that Ms Ko had said in her first statement that she loved
him. However, this was not evidence that her feelings were in fact
reciprocated even if she believed that they were.

242 Second, the appellant said he had a very long day at the CPIB on 26 July
2012 when his six cautioned statements were recorded and so he omitted to
mention the mutually loving relationship. His focus was on the allegations of
threat and inducement and also on oppression. In my view, this is not a
logical argument. If in fact he believed that the relationship was a mutually
loving one, it would only be natural for him to mention it.

243 Third, the appellant said that as he was a married man, there was a real
possibility of matrimonial and familial break-up should the mutually loving
relationship be disclosed. I find this argument to be without merit. The acts
of gratification and especially the acts of sexual intercourse were
undisputed. It was obvious that there was some sort of relationship between Ms
Ko and him. He was being investigated for corruption which is a serious
offence. He could and would have disclosed the mutually loving relationship,
if it was true, and he could have said that the loving relationship had ceased
if he was concerned about his marriage and family. He did not.

244 In my view, the appellant did not adequately explain his omission to
mention the mutually loving relationship in the Statements or his cautioned
statements.

245 As for the appellant’s reliance on the cards, a note and emails from Ms
Ko, I have mentioned above that they show Ms Ko’s feelings for him and they
were equivocal as to whether her feelings were reciprocated.

246 As for his emails to her, I have dealt with one above about a poem. There
were other emails from him to her which were affectionate like “I long for
you, Evey” (in his email dated 6 August 2010) (D74) and “I am missing you
again, Evey” (in his email dated 7 August 2010) (D74). On the other hand, the
TJ said (at [460]–[461] of the GD) that the appellant was not affectionate in
his written communication with Ms Ko and that he was terse, sometimes to the
point of being curt. For example, after she had detailed in an email her
efforts on his visa application for his visit to the USA, his reply dated 9
June 2010 (D66) was simply, “Many thanks, Do not change. Once I am back from
Australia, I will gather the rest of documents”.

247 The TJ noted para 27 of Ms Ko’s first statement in which she said that she
had to pay for the appellant’s expenses, when he flew to the USA in early
September 2010 to visit her, because the appellant did not have so much money.
Ms Ko elaborated in that paragraph that she had paid for all the things he
bought and the meals they had. The appellant said in oral evidence that he
paid for his own expenses in the USA but he did not challenge Ms Ko on this
part of her statement.

248 The TJ also noted that in para 26 of her first statement, Ms Ko said that
she had learned from a pregnancy urine test done on 20 August 2010 that her
test was positive. She had told the appellant about this. He then told her “to
get rid of it and he also said he has no money to send to me”. On the other
hand, in para 57 of PS7, the appellant said that he did not ask Ms Ko to abort
the child because he would like to have another child as he had only one
daughter but he did not want his family to know about the child. In para 125
of PS9, the appellant was asked why he wanted to keep the child when he said
he had no love for Ms Ko. He replied that it was because he had only one child
and would like another one. However, the appellant did not question Ms Ko on
her version. Furthermore, I find his excuse for allegedly wanting to keep the
child unconvincing if, as he said then, he did not love her. In any event,
there was no reason for Ms Ko to lie about this and, as mentioned, he did not
challenge her on her version. In my view, Ms Ko’s version was true and his was
not.

249 The TJ noted that the appellant was drawing a comfortable salary of
S$225,000 a year as at 18 February 2010 when Ms Ko was a student and not
drawing a salary. In my view, the appellant’s salary was evidence that the
appellant had lied when he said he had no money to send to her. Indeed, he did
not demonstrate at trial that he was in fact financially strapped. In my view,
his response to Ms Ko on learning about her pregnancy revealed the truth, _ie_
, that he did not truly love her.

250 In the circumstances, I am of the view that there was ample evidence to
support the TJ’s conclusion that there was no mutually loving relationship and
it was a one-sided relationship. Certainly the TJ was not plainly wrong in
this finding.

251 However, the fact that it was a one-sided relationship did not necessarily
mean that the second and third elements of each offence were established. As
regards the second element, the TJ was of the view that even if s 8 of the Act
was not triggered, the first statement from Ms Ko and the Statements (from the
appellant) constituted evidence that the acts of gratification were received
as an inducement (at [530] of the GD).

252 As regards the third element, the TJ found that the appellant had
initiated the relationship by inviting Ms Ko out for lunches and impressing
her with his academic and other achievements (at [538] of the GD). The
appellant had advised Ms Ko on her academic prospects and he knew it would be
very likely that he would teach her in her final year at NUS (at [540]–[541]
of the GD) .

253 The appellant had hinted that he needed a fountain pen by telling her that
he had lost one when he actually had not. Two days after receiving the Mont
Blanc pen, the appellant told Ms Ko about her confidential class rank and her
results before they were officially released (at [543] of the GD). As for the
appellant having checked the price of the Mont Blanc pen, the TJ was of the
view that the appellant did so not to reimburse Ms Ko but so that he could
gauge her generosity and continue to take advantage of her. When the appellant
discovered that Ms Ko was generous and appeared wealthy, the appellant became
more blatant in his requests. When he noticed that she had an iPod, he had
lamented that it would be “cool” to have an iPod thereby suggesting to her
that she should buy him one. He made her pay for the CYC shirts and the
Garibaldi Bill. The gifts were expensive. He also initiated the two acts of
sexual intercourse.

254 The TJ was also of the view that the corrupt intention of the appellant
manifested itself even after the six acts of gratification. The appellant had
told Ms Ko that he would pay for his air-ticket for his visit to the USA but
she would have to bear his expenses as he did not have so much money. Indeed
Ms Ko paid for his purchases and meals (at [562] of the GD).

255 The appellant had breached the Conflict of Interest Policy for NUS Staff
and the NUS Policy on Acceptance of Gifts by Staff. The appellant had failed
to disclose the relationship and the expensive items he received. The TJ was
aware that a contravention of some rules did not necessarily constitute a
corrupt element (as per _Chan Wing Seng_ at [2]). However, he was of the view
that the appellant’s breaches demonstrated that the appellant knew that what
he did was dishonest and wrong (at [546]–[568] of the GD).

256 The TJ was of the view that the status of the appellant and of Ms Ko were
clearly disproportionate. There was an obvious imbalance of power and the
appellant had abused his position and power (at [537] of the GD).

257 The TJ was therefore satisfied that the appellant had a corrupt intention
in respect of all the six acts of gratification. In his view, there was a
corrupt element from the ordinary and objective standard of a reasonable
person. The appellant had intentionally abused his position and taken full
advantage of Ms Ko. Objectively, the appellant’s conduct was depraved, corrupt
and dishonest (at [570] and [572] of the GD).

258 The TJ also considered the evidence of Ms Ko on the issue of the second
and third elements. She had given three statements to the CPIB. As mentioned
above (at [72]), she had in her first statement said that the first four acts
of gratification were made so that she would be in the appellant’s good books
and she would not be unduly prejudiced by him. In her third statement, she
retracted this motive and repeated in her oral evidence that there was no such
intention.

259 Ms Ko had in her oral evidence alleged that her first statement was given
on 2 April 2012 under oppressive circumstances including coercion. The TJ
noted that she was brought to the CPIB by CPIB officers at about 9.10am on 2
April 2012. The recording of her first statement was from 9pm on 2 April 2012
to 2.30am on 3 April 2012. At about 3.30am on 3 April 2012, Ms Ko’s father
arrived at the CPIB to fetch her home. She was released unconditionally.

260 Ms Ko had also alleged in oral evidence that Mr Teng had coerced her. She
said that he had told her that she was not cooperating because the evidence
she was giving was not making out the elements of the charge against the
appellant. Mr Teng allegedly told her that corruption was a two-sided offence
and he could very well decide to charge her instead. She also alleged that Mr
Teng had said that it was possible for him to ask the Prosecution to use her
statement without calling her to testify and that if she cooperated, she would
be able to carry on with her life and begin her career upon graduation. She
alleged that she had agreed with Mr Teng that she would give evidence to
fulfil all the elements of the charges against the appellant. She said it was
Mr Teng who had suggested the phrase “undue prejudice” after she resisted
using the word “favour”.

261 Mr Teng disputed Ms Ko’s allegations against him. His evidence was that
she was “very alert and full of energy” when she met him in the evening of 2
April 2012 just before the first statement was recorded. He said that before
he proceeded with recording her statement he had asked her if she was well to
give a statement and she replied she was fine with doing so. While Ms Ko did
appear a bit tired in the midst of the recording, he had constantly asked her
if she wanted a break but she declined.

262 Notwithstanding the long time that Ms Ko had spent at the CPIB from 9.10am
on 2 April 2012 to 2.30am on 3 April 2012 (when the recording ended), the TJ
noted that she was not continuously interviewed. There were long periods when
she was alone including meal times for her. Importantly, the TJ noted that at
the end of the recording of her statement, Ms Ko was alert enough to correct
errors, make amendments and insert handwritten notes in her statement.
Moreover, even on Ms Ko’s own oral evidence, she was the one who insisted,
during the recording of her statement, that the sexual intercourse was purely
out of love.

263 The TJ also noted that on 3 April 2012, Ms Ko engaged a lawyer to
represent her. Yet when Ms Ko’s second statement was recorded on 28 April
2012, she did not seek to retract any part of her first statement even though
she testified that she gave the second statement voluntarily. She had only
said it was recorded in the middle of her examinations. The second statement
was mostly to identify certain items and appeared neutral in content.

264 It was only in Ms Ko’s third statement given on 4 May 2012 that she
changed the reason for some of the acts of gratification, that is, where she
had said that the reason was so that she would be in the appellant’s good
books and she would not be unduly prejudiced by him. In her third statement,
she said that the reason was because she had a crush on the appellant and she
thought they were in a relationship. He was her lover. The TJ was of the view
(at [402]–[403] of the GD) that she was changing her evidence because on 28
April 2012 (the date of her second statement), she was informed that she would
be placed on bail of $20,000 and her passport would be taken from her. She was
told that she was not to leave the country without permission from the CPIB.
The TJ reasoned that she must have consulted her lawyer again after 28 April
2012 and realised that she too might be charged for an offence. This explained
why she changed her evidence on 4 May 2012. It was to exculpate herself.

265 The TJ was of the view that her subsequent oral evidence was for that same
purpose, _ie_ , to exculpate herself after she realised that what she had said
in her first statement might incriminate herself. As mentioned above at [73],
the TJ impeached Ms Ko’s credibility. He placed more weight on her first
statement than on her third statement and her oral evidence on the question
regarding her reason for the first four acts of gratification. He found her
third statement and oral evidence to be unreliable (at [405] of the GD).

266 As regards the two acts of sexual intercourse, Ms Ko had consistently
maintained in her statements and oral evidence that these were done out of
love.

267 However, the TJ was of the view that Ms Ko did not resist the advances of
the appellant as she wanted to be in his good books so that in future, he
would give her good grades for subjects which she took under him (at [570] of
the GD). The TJ was also of the view that the advantage of having somebody on
the inside, looking out for her, would have been a temptation which was too
much for her, or any student for that matter, to resist (at [658] of the GD).
This was demonstrated by the fact that she disclosed her unique identification
number (“UIN”) when she sent him an email dated 30 May 2011 (P27) to seek his
advice on whether to appeal a grade on a subject which was not taught by the
appellant. With the UIN, the appellant would know which script or paper was
hers.

268 As regards the fourth element of the offence enunciated in _Peter Kwang_ ,
the TJ was of the view that the appellant knew that what he did was corrupt.
In particular, the appellant had said as much in his long statements
especially PS6, PS7, PS9 and PS10 (at [580] and [656] of the GD). The TJ was
aware that the appellant had retracted the Statements. However, he was of the
view that the confessions therein were true. In any event, the TJ was of the
view that even without the retracted confessions, the evidence against the
appellant was overwhelming (at [603] of the GD). As mentioned above (at [70]),
the TJ was of the view that the appellant had not been truthful in his oral
evidence.

269 I will now state my views on the evidence in respect of the second and the
third elements. It is worth remembering that while the crux of the matter is
the intention of the appellant, the intention of the giver, Ms Ko, is an
important factor in assessing the appellant’s intention.

270 I will deal with the evidence of Ms Ko first. It will be remembered that
it was only after the appellant began to give his oral evidence that he
produced new evidence such as cards and a note from Ms Ko and emails between
Ms Ko and him. The contents of three cards and the note from Ms Ko were, in my
view, particularly significant. I will now elaborate on them.

The Mont Blanc Pen

271 The first act of gratification was a Mont Blanc pen and pouch. It was
accompanied by a gift card (D64). These were given to the appellant sometime
between 26 and 31 May 2010. Ms Ko had already sat for her exams at that point.

272 The appellant claimed that this was a gift of love. During trial and in
her first statement, Ms Ko claimed that her intention was to give the pen to
the appellant as a belated birthday present although she did not communicate
to the appellant at the time that it was a birthday gift.[note: 60] She had
chosen a pen as a gift because the appellant had told her over Google Talk
that he had lost his fountain pen. Her oral evidence was that it did not take
place within the context of a romantic relationship, although she admitted to
having had a “slight crush” on him at the time.[note: 61]

273 The gift card (D64), however, throws more light on her feelings for him.
It painted a picture of a girl who had more than just a “slight crush” on the
appellant at the material time. The gift card reads as follows:

To dearest Tsun Hang,

The one who never fails to make me smile…

Omnia Vincit Amor [Latin for “love conquers all”, or a reference to a famous
Carravagio painting of the same name]

Dearest dinosaur,

I know this will never replace you [sic] BCL pen which brought you luck for 15
years but I hope it will bring you some form of luck as you set out to achieve
all your dreams and ideals. Every prolific writer should have a pen. Also, I
pray that you will not forget me when I leave and hopefully, you will
occassionally [sic] remember me when you write. I know that you will certainly
be in my heart every moment even though you will be 15884 km [the distance
between Singapore and Duke University, where Ms Ko was to go on exchange]
away.

With love

D

The CYC shirts

274 The CYC shirts were bought for the appellant on 22 June 2010. Ms Ko’s
version of events, which the TJ accepted, was that they had gone to CYC
together to get shirts tailored for her. A staff at the shop, Akira Goh,
suggested that the appellant also tailor some shirts. Ms Ko helped the
appellant to choose the make of the shirts and the monogram to be applied to
the shirts. They then went to the cashier together. The cashier asked them
whether they were going to pay together. According to Ms Ko’s first statement,
the appellant responded in the affirmative. Ms Ko was surprised but proceeded
to make payment for the appellant’s shirts as well as her own. This part of
her evidence was not challenged by the appellant.

275 It was not disputed that at the time the CYC shirts were given, the
appellant and Ms Ko were spending a lot more time together than at the time
the appellant received the Mont Blanc pen from her. The appellant and Ms Ko
were even discussing plans for the appellant to visit Ms Ko in the USA (see
above at [38]). Their relationship was close enough that it caused Ms Ko’s
then-boyfriend and father concern when it was brought to their attention. Ms
Ko’s then-boyfriend even assumed from the Google Talk logs that Ms Ko and the
appellant were in a mutually loving relationship, and both Ms Ko’s father and
Ms Ko’s then-boyfriend decided to put an end to that relationship by demanding
that Ms Ko write an email to the appellant on 12 June 2010 to end things (see
above at [42]).

276 There was nothing which suggested that Ms Ko’s sentiments had changed from
the time she gave him the pen and pouch to the time when she paid for the CYC
shirts.

The iPod

277 Ms Ko gave the appellant the iPod in late June 2010. Ms Ko testified that
part of the reason why she had given the iPod to the appellant was that he had
occasionally lamented during their times together that it would be “cool” if
he had an iPod.

278 Ms Ko had loaded the iPod with songs which she and the appellant had
listened to in their time together. This would have taken some time and
effort; she bought the iPod in late May 2010 but did not present it to the
appellant until late June 2010. Ms Ko testified, and the TJ accepted, that she
loaded the songs into the iPod as a romantic and sentimental gesture.

279 The iPod was accompanied by a gift card (D68), which reads as follows:

To: Tsun Hang

Our love is like a work of art,

Your name is forever etched in my heart;

I love the way you smile and grin,

It makes my heart soar from deep within;

I never dreamt that I would be so blessed…

I have found my soul mate…

It’s more than just fate.

Vi veri universum vivus vici [A latin phrase meaning “By the power of truth,
I, while living, have conquered the universe”]

Darinne.

This card reinforced the point that her strong feelings for the appellant had
not changed.

The Garibaldi Bill

280 The payment of the Garibaldi Bill was an act of gratification to the
appellant on 21 July 2010 in a similar way to the CYC shirts, _ie_ , it came
as a surprise to Ms Ko when the appellant slid the Garibaldi Bill over to her
to pay. Ms Ko’s testimony was that she expected the appellant to reimburse her
for the bill, but that she was happy for it to be a gift if the appellant did
not eventually reimburse her.

281 The Garibaldi dinner took place two days after Ms Ko had booked the
appellant’s flights to the USA for him to visit her. Ms Ko also occupied a
position of prominence at the appellant’s right during the meal. Again, there
was no evidence to suggest that Ms Ko’s feelings of infatuation as evidenced
in the above chronology had changed.

The two acts of sexual intercourse

282 Ms Ko stated in her first statement that she was very happy and wanted to
have sexual intercourse with the appellant.[note: 62] She added in her third
statement that she had sex with the appellant on 24 July 2010 because, in her
words, she “thought [she] loved him in light of him telling [her] that he
loved [her]”.[note: 63] During trial, Ms Ko testified:[note: 64]

[The CPIB recorder] initially wanted me to write that in the context of the
six charges, that all these had happened because I wanted favour from [the
appellant]… And I told him that I refused to write that because I did not
require any favour from any professors. _Moreover, I told him that the last
two charges [the two sex acts] I would not taint in any way, shape or
form…with any compromise_. [emphasis added]

283 Ms Ko wrote the appellant a farewell card (D70) before she departed for
the USA in the first week of August and shortly after both acts of sex. The
appellant received the card before she left. The card read as follows:

My darling Tsun Hang,

Thank you – for the past 2 weeks. They have been like an amazing dream and now
I almost dread reality. I will miss snuggling in your strong arms feeling warm
and safe; your kisses your loving touch and your sweet whispers. Most of all,
thank you for letting me into your heart and letting me love you and for
loving me so unconditionally. I’m not sure how much I can see you over the
next few weeks but I’m awaiting your arrival in SF. I pray you’ll never forget
me and darling, know that you will ALWAYS be in my heart. I’m yours and yours
alone.

With all my love

Darinne (Evey)

When I’m with you the rest of the world ceases to exist,

My head is filled with you alone

& [sic] everything else a hazy mist;

I know that the odds against us are vast;

But I believe that our true love will last.

No matter how far we may be,

physically apart,

You will constantly be on my mind

and in my heart.

When I gaze into your eyes and

you into mine,

My heart tells me that our souls

are intertwined.

My darling I love you –

my prince, my soulmate…

let’s never part.

284 Ms Ko also wrote a farewell note (D69) for the appellant. This note was
dated 2 August 2010, and was received by the appellant after Ms Ko’s departure
for the USA. It reads as follows:

Dear Tsun Hang,

Thank you for the most wonderful summer ever. I treasure & fondly remember
every moment we have spent together – the meals we shared, the jokes we had,
the smiles we exchanged, the words we spoke, the pictures we took, the kisses
we shared… Amidst your bouts of jealousy, have faith in us and in what the
future holds. The hurdles, no matter how high and many, are surmountable.
While I wait for you in the USA, be patient with those around you but
ultimately remember that you are in control. I’ll always be there for you to
talk to – geography cannot better us. Thank you for loving me & know that I
will always love You.

Darinne

2/8/10

285 The Prosecution objected to the admissibility of the new evidence as the
appellant was not the maker of the new evidence (except for his emails to Ms
Ko) which he was producing. Ms Ko was the maker and the evidence was not being
produced through her. Nevertheless, the TJ allowed the new evidence to be
admitted.[note: 65]

286 When the appellant applied to have Ms Ko recalled as a witness, the
Prosecution objected. The TJ rejected the appellant’s application to re-call
Ms Ko as a witness.[note: 66] Unfortunately, the GD does not explain why the
TJ rejected the application.

287 The GD made very little reference to the contents of the three cards and
the note from Ms Ko which I mentioned above. For example:

(a) At [460] of the GD, the TJ observed that unlike Ms Ko, there was no
evidence that the appellant had given her cards or letters. He did not start
emails with “Hi Baby” like Ms Ko’s email on 8 June 2010 or use phrases like
“Dearest (Darinne)” or sign off his emails with the phrase “With Love”.[note:
67]

(b) At [467] of the GD, the TJ said that from Ms Ko’s “love messages it seemed
that the [appellant] gave her the impression that he loved her. From the
evidence it was a relationship with an ulterior motive, that is, the
[appellant] took advantage of [Ms Ko] in a corrupt manner”. The evidence the
TJ was referring to was evidence other than the new evidence.

(c) At [571] of the GD, the TJ said that the integrity of the anonymous
marking system practised by NUS no longer applied to Ms Ko as the appellant
would have recognised her handwriting from her several handwritten love cards.

288 The first two references at [460] and [467] of the GD were in the context
of the question as to whether there was a mutually loving relationship between
Ms Ko and the appellant. While the reference at [571] of the GD was in the
context of determining whether the third element of each offence had been
satisfied, it was confined to the point that the appellant would have been
able to recognise Ms Ko’s handwriting.

289 In my view, the TJ had underestimated the importance of the new evidence
and in particular the three cards and the note I mentioned above. Perhaps that
is why he did not allow the appellant’s application to re-call Ms Ko as a
witness.

290 I am of the view that the importance of these cards and the note was that
they constituted contemporaneous evidence of Ms Ko’s feelings and her
intention at the time of the acts of gratification. Certainly they constituted
more contemporaneous evidence than her three statements and her oral evidence.

291 In my view, the TJ was incorrect in comparing Ms Ko’s first statement with
her third statement and her oral evidence only. There were effectively three
sets of evidence from her and not two:

(a) the cards and the note from her;

(b) her statements to CPIB; and

(c) her oral evidence at trial.

292 I find that the TJ erred in refusing leave for Ms Ko to be re-called to
the stand to be cross-examined on the new evidence in so far as it comprised
documents from her. Ironically, the Prosecution mentioned (at [126] of its
Written Submissions for the hearing of this appeal on 16 October 2013) that Ms
Ko was not given an opportunity to comment on the new evidence because the
appellant did not produce them when she was on the stand. Yet it was the
Prosecution who objected to her recall. The Prosecution submitted that the new
evidence did not support the appellant’s case in any event as it did not shed
further light on the circumstances as to how the gifts came to be given, save
for the card which accompanied the Mont Blanc pen which, the Prosecution
submitted, showed that the appellant had lied when he said that he had not
told Ms Ko that he had lost a pen.

293 I am of the view that even though the card accompanying the Mont Blanc pen
showed that the appellant had lied when he denied telling Ms Ko that he had
lost a pen, this only illustrated that the relationship was not the mutual one
that he had portrayed. The card was still evidence of Ms Ko’s intention which
has an important bearing on the second and third elements of each offence as
the appellant’s intention is not considered in isolation. As mentioned above,
Ms Ko’s state of mind, when she wrote the cards and the note, was significant
in understanding the context of the transactions in question and what the
appellant would have understood the intention behind the gratification to be.
I do not agree with the Prosecution’s submission that, at the very highest,
further oral evidence from Ms Ko would only show Ms Ko’s state of mind and not
the appellant’s. As I elaborated above, Ms Ko’s state of mind is a significant
evidential factor in assessing the appellant’s state of mind.

294 At this point, I would mention that it has come to my attention that in
_Ng Boon Gay_ , the District Court said (at [117]) that, “[t]he existence of
an intimate relationship between the accused and Ms Sue [the alleged giver of
acts of gratification] negates the presence of any corrupt element in the
instant case”. I will not state the proposition in such absolute terms. In my
view, the existence of an intimate relationship between the giver and the
recipient (who is the accused) is a factor to be considered in the assessment
of the overall evidence. If the act of gratification was made in the course of
that relationship, the relationship would ordinarily be strong evidence
negating any corrupt intention on the part of the giver or the recipient.
Nevertheless, I accept that it is possible that an act of gratification is
made and/or received with a corrupt intention even if done in the course of an
intimate relationship. Thus, for example, it was possible that even though Ms
Ko was in love with the appellant, her intention behind an act of
gratification was to solicit a dishonest favour from him in her academic
pursuits and that he too understood this to be her intention.

295 The TJ also appeared to consider this possibility as he went on to
conclude that Ms Ko did not resist the appellant’s advances because she wanted
to be in his good books so that he would give her good grades and this
temptation was too much for her to resist (see [267] above).

296 However, the Prosecution did not present its case along the possible
scenario that I mentioned above. Otherwise it would have been the one applying
for Ms Ko to be re-called as a witness. Its position was that recalling Ms Ko
would not assist the appellant.

297 Fortunately for the appellant, the contents of the three cards and the
note speak for themselves. I add that if these documents and their contents
had not been admitted into evidence because Ms Ko was not re-called, then the
decision not to allow her to be recalled was not only wrong. It would also
have led to a failure of justice which would in turn be reason enough to set
aside the convictions.

298 I find that the cards and the note reinforced the point that Ms Ko was in
love with the appellant throughout the period of the six acts of
gratification.

299 The two cards, D64 and D68, show that Ms Ko gave the appellant the Mont
Blanc pen and pouch and the iPod as a gift, with no expectation of a favour
about better grades. Ms Ko thought that her feelings for the appellant were
reciprocated. She would not have thought that there was a need to be in his
good books or that he might be unduly prejudiced against her. She was already
in his good books and more than that, or so she believed. Correspondingly, the
appellant must have known from their relationship and the two cards that she
was infatuated with him. There was nothing to suggest from the contemporaneous
evidence that he believed that she wanted something more than his love in
return for the pen, the pouch and the iPod.

300 As for the CYC shirts and the Garibaldi Bill, Ms Ko did not even intend to
make a gift of the CYC shirts and the Garibaldi dinner initially, let alone to
make a gift with a corrupt intention. The gifts came about because the
appellant indicated that she was to pay for the CYC shirts and the Garibaldi
Bill. True, he succeeded in getting her to pay for them but that was because
he knew she was infatuated with him. Her feelings for him throughout the
relevant period were reinforced by the farewell note (D69) and the farewell
card (D70).

301 The main evidence that Ms Ko was making the acts of gratification because
she expected the appellant to show favour to her by giving her better grades
was her first statement to the CPIB and the Statements from the appellant.
Even then, it will be remembered that her first statement clearly stated that
the acts of sexual intercourse were done out of love.

302 I do not think that the TJ was plainly wrong in his assessment that her
allegation of oppression and coercion, in respect of her first statement, was
not made out. However, this did not mean that all the contents of her first
statement should be accepted without question. As for the Statements (from the
appellant) which were admitted as evidence, the weight to be given to them was
another matter. People do say things which are untrue for a variety of
reasons.

303 For example, while the circumstances surrounding the recording of Ms Ko’s
first statement on 2 April 2012 (and 3 April 2012) did not amount to
oppression, it must be remembered that she was at the office of the CPIB for a
long time that day, that is, from 9.10am on 2 April 2012 to 2.30am on 3 April
2012 (when the recording ended). She may have said things because she believed
that that was what the CPIB wanted from her and she wanted to go home. True,
she did not seek to withdraw any incriminating information from her first
statement when she gave her second statement but she may have wanted her
second statement to be consistent with her first or perhaps she did not give
the first statement as much thought as she ought to have.

304 Likewise, while the Statements from the appellant were given voluntarily,
there was no denying that he was under pressure. Furthermore, there were
undisputed false assertions in the Statements on other matters although the TJ
was of the view that these had been planted by the appellant to distract the
CPIB.

305 It is not necessary for me to reach a conclusion as to why Ms Ko and the
appellant made incriminating statements about their intentions if they were
untrue. As I have said, the three cards and the note constituted
contemporaneous evidence. Their statements did not. Their oral evidence was
consistent with the contemporaneous evidence on their intentions. I am of the
view that the TJ erred in not giving more weight to the contemporaneous
evidence.

306 Ms Ko’s evidence on the subsequent events also show that Ms Ko had no
plans to “collect” on the acts of gratification given to the appellant by
taking classes under the appellant’s supervision.

307 Ms Ko chose the appellant as a supervisor for her directed research paper
because she thought that his teaching a class on International and Comparative
Insolvency (LL4123) in the following semester implied that he had some
expertise in the area.

308 Ms Ko testified that there were two other experts in the field of
insolvency. One, Assoc Prof Chan, was on sabbatical and the other specialised
in domestic insolvency. Ms Ko further testified that she did not ask the
latter professor to supervise her because, in her words, she was “under the
impression that [he] was not particular fond of [her], so he might say
no”.[note: 68] In the following semester, when Assoc Prof Chan returned, Ms Ko
took another directed research paper under Assoc Prof Chan’s tutelage, and
earned an “A” grade.

309 Ms Ko also testified that the appellant tried to persuade her to do a
paper on equity and trusts, his area of interest. Ms Ko refused. She said she
told him that she would look for someone else if he was not interested in
supervising her. It was only then that the appellant agreed to supervise her.

310 As for the Personal Property class, Ms Ko testified that she had chosen to
take this elective class because it was an important topic and her best
friend, Mr Teo, had persuaded her to take the course together with him. Mr Teo
was also with Ms Ko when she asked the appellant to supervise her for her
directed research paper and Mr Teo also took a directed research paper under
the appellant’s supervision.

311 The TJ did not reject the above evidence of Ms Ko but yet he stressed that
she had (deliberately) disclosed her UIN to the appellant in the email dated
30 May 2011 when she was seeking his advice on whether to appeal a grade on a
subject (which was not taught by him) (see [267] above). In my view, he was
wrong to place so much weight on that disclosure in the light of her evidence
on the circumstances of how she subsequently came to enrol in other courses or
subjects. Secondly, she could have simply told the appellant orally what her
UIN was without stating it in an email at the time when she believed that he
loved her and when the acts of gratification were done. Thirdly, the TJ noted
that the appellant would have recognised her handwriting from her cards (see
[287(c)] above). Therefore, there was no need for her to deliberately disclose
her UIN to him. Most importantly, Ms Ko was not asked to explain why she had
disclosed her UIN. Hence, it was unsafe to make too much from that disclosure.

312 I am of the view that the TJ’s reasoning that Ms Ko, like any other
student, would not have been able to resist the temptation to have somebody on
the inside looking out for her was overly cynical. Furthermore, the TJ’s
reasoning does not cohere with his view that she was an innocent victim being
exploited by the appellant. Was she being exploited by him or were they each
trying to make use of the other? The TJ appeared to conclude that it was both
which is not logical. In my view, it was not both. She was being exploited by
him and the TJ erred in concluding that she was trying to get better grades
from the appellant when the six acts of gratification were given.

313 In the circumstances, I conclude that Ms Ko did not have any intention to
seek favour from the appellant in her academic pursuits for any or some or all
the acts of gratification.

314 I come now to the appellant’s intention. I have already mentioned above
that he would have known from the cards and the note that Ms Ko was infatuated
with him. As in the context of the discussion about evidence from Ms Ko, I am
also of the view that the contemporaneous evidence carries more weight than
the statements from Ms Ko and from the appellant. The contemporaneous evidence
was consistent with the oral evidence of Ms Ko and of the appellant when they
denied that the acts of gratification were given as an inducement for a favour
from the appellant in the form of his giving her better grades.

315 I reject the Prosecution’s argument that the appellant’s corrupt intention
was evidenced by the hints he had dropped to Ms Ko of his influence. The
“strongest” part of that argument was the appellant’s disclosure to Ms Ko of
her confidential class ranking and her grades before they were officially
released. Mr Jumabhoy submitted that this was a deliberate ploy by the
appellant to show that he had power over Ms Ko’s academic career and that he
could give her better grades if she gave him acts of gratification.

316 In my view, the appellant’s disclosure of confidential information to Ms
Ko was equivocal. It could be put down to his strategy to win her over so as
to take advantage of her, but that is different from saying that this was to
make her think that he could influence her grades.

317 The disclosure of Ms Ko’s confidential class ranking took place after Ms
Ko had completed her second year at NUS and before she started her third year.
At the material time, the appellant and Ms Ko were both aware that she would
be going to the USA on an exchange programme for the first half of Ms Ko’s
third year. The appellant would not have any influence over her grades while
she was there. The appellant was also not teaching any compulsory courses for
Ms Ko’s third and fourth years. It would have been more natural for Ms Ko to
think that the appellant was disclosing the information because he was
returning her feelings of affection. On the appellant’s part, the more logical
inference is that he made this disclosure to win her over but not necessarily
to make her think that she could gain some dishonest advantage.

318 I reject the Prosecution’s suggestion that because the appellant tricked
Ms Ko into coming into his office on the night of 28 July 2010 (_ie_ , the
second occasion), this showed that he had a corrupt intent. All that this
showed was that the appellant wanted to manipulate the situation so that Ms Ko
would have sex with him. There was nothing in this ruse that suggested that Ms
Ko believed that sex was being given in exchange for the appellant’s favour in
her academic pursuits or that he wanted Ms Ko to believe that.

319 The Prosecution’s case that the appellant was “grooming” Ms Ko and making
her believe that she could get better grades if she gave him the six acts of
gratification was not borne out by the contemporaneous evidence. As she was in
love with him, the appellant would be able to manipulate her into giving him
gifts without needing to suggest that Ms Ko would get better grades in return.

320 It seems to me that the TJ concluded that the second and third elements of
the offence had been made out because the appellant had breached NUS policies
and because he had abused his position as a lecturer when he had exploited Ms
Ko. While the TJ accepted that the breach itself did not necessarily amount to
a corrupt intention, he was of the view that the breach and the exploitation
did. Hence the TJ’s conclusion that the appellant’s conduct was depraved,
corrupt and dishonest. I am of the view that the TJ had wrongly equated
conduct which is morally reprehensible with conduct which is legally wrong. I
agree that the appellant had exploited Ms Ko. His conduct was morally wrong
but that is not corruption for the purposes of the Act. Exploitation does not
necessarily amount to corruption under the Act. The gap is not filled in by
the appellant’s breach of NUS policies. True, the failure to disclose the
relationship and the gifts demonstrated that he did not want others to know
about them but, in the circumstances, the failure is not clear evidence of a
corrupt intent. As he was exploiting her, it is no surprise that he did not
want to disclose his relationship with her.

321 For the reasons given above, I find that the TJ was plainly wrong in
finding that the second and third elements were made out. The appellant did
make out his case on them and successfully rebut the presumption under s 8.
The acts of gratification were not given or received as an inducement for the
appellant to favour Ms Ko with better grades. Accordingly, there could not be
an objective corrupt element.

Guilty knowledge

322 The TJ also found that the fourth element of the offence was made out. In
the light of my conclusion on the second and third elements, the fourth
element is academic. I will however make the following brief observations as I
have some doubts about it as a matter of law.

323 First, the court observed in _Yuen Chun Yii_ (at [70]) that the crux of
the matter was the intention of the recipient. However, in _Chan Wing Seng_
(at [23]-[24]), it was suggested that a recipient may not be corrupt if he had
a corrupt intention but a different state of knowledge. With respect, this
appears to be inconsistent.

324 Second, I am of the view that if the intention of the recipient is
adjudged to be objectively corrupt, then it is unclear why that recipient
should be absolved of all liability simply because he thought that what he was
doing was legitimate. The objective standards of corruption should apply
equally to all.

325 Allowing the recipient’s subjective knowledge to come into play could lead
to arbitrary results. For example, a recipient who is a police officer who
genuinely believes that it is acceptable to receive a sum of money from a
suspect because the recipient comes from a society that believes that this is
lawful conduct may validly claim that the fourth element is not made out. I
doubt that this is the law in Singapore but I will say no more.

Conclusion

326 For the reasons above, I allow the appeal against conviction and set aside
the convictions for the charges DAC 27011/2012, DAC 27012/2012, DAC
27013/2012, DAC 27014/2012, DAC 27015/2012 and DAC 27016/2012.

327 The appellant decided to serve his aggregate sentence before the appeal
was heard. The sentences are nonetheless set aside. The order of forfeiture of
the Mont Blanc pen (and pouch) and the iPod is set aside. The items are to be
returned to the appellant. The order imposing penalties of $278.60 and $236.20
is set aside. As he has paid these sums of money, they are to be refunded to
him.

328 There are two observations I wish to make.

329 First, the appellant was on bail pending appeal but decided to surrender
and commence serving his sentence before the appeal was heard. The Registry of
the Supreme Court was mindful of this and had fixed early hearing dates for
his appeal so that his appeal would be heard before he had completed serving
his sentence. However, the appellant’s counsel made a written request for
later hearing dates and a pre-trial conference was conducted to fix these
dates. In taking later dates, the appellant was aware that he might complete
serving his sentence before his appeal came up for hearing. Had the appeal
been heard before the appellant completed serving his sentence, the High Court
could have made an appropriate oral order or judgment after hearing the appeal
pending the release of the written judgment or grounds of decision. However,
it was the appellant who pressed for the hearing to be deferred to a later
date as he said that he needed more time to give meaningful instructions to
his counsel. The Registry acceded to his request.

330 Secondly, although the appellant may consider that my decision has
vindicated him, it will be obvious that my decision vindicates him of the
charges only. This court does not condone the way he abused his position and
exploited Ms Ko. He took advantage of her to satisfy his greed and his lust.
He did not even take responsibility when she told him that she was pregnant.
Instead, he lied to her that he had no money when he told her to get rid of
the baby. He is a man without honour. The way he conducted his defence at
trial also reflected poorly on him. For example, he employed a machine gun
approach for his allegations of threats. He made many allegations against the
CPIB officers, some of which he did not put to them when they were being
cross-examined by him. Ultimately, he even said in the trial that he was not
making serious allegations against them and yet pursued some of these
allegations in the appeal. He did not even have the courtesy to inform his own
counsel that he would not be appearing at the hearing of his own appeal until
ten minutes before the scheduled time for the hearing. I hope he takes a long
hard look at himself and changes for the better.

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 17/1/2013, p 27 lines 11-17 and p 35 lines
2-5.

[note: 2]NE, 18/1/2013, p 80 lines 13-16.

[note: 3]NE, 18/1/2013, p 80 lines 17-19.

[note: 4]NE, 17/1/2013, p 38 lines 11-15 and p 39 lines 8-10.

[note: 5]NE, 21/1/2013, p 81 lines 17-20.

[note: 6]NE, 4/4/2013, p 6 lines 19-23.

[note: 7]NE, 17/1/2013, p 40 lines 4-17.

[note: 8]NE, 22/1/2013, p 34 lines 11-22.

[note: 9]NE, 22/1/2013, p 34 line 23 to p 35 line 20.

[note: 10]NE, 4/4/2013, p 3 lines 8-22.

[note: 11]NE, 6/5/2013, p 82 lines 11-16.

[note: 12]NE, 3/4/2013, p 6 lines 20-25.

[note: 13]NE, 17/1/2013, p 43 lines 5-15.

[note: 14]NE, 22/1/2013, p 11 lines 6-12.

[note: 15]NE, 17/1/2013, p 63 lines 24-25.

[note: 16]Exhibit D44 at para 7 (Record of Appeal (“ROA”) Vol 6, p 364).

[note: 17]NE, 17/1/2013, p 63 lines 11-15.

[note: 18]NE, 18/1/2013, pp 41-42.

[note: 19]NE, 5/4/2012, p 69 lines 12-17.

[note: 20]Exhibit D44 at para 4 (ROA Vol 6, p 363).

[note: 21]Exhibit D44 at paras 8-15 (ROA Vol 6, pp 365-366).

[note: 22]NE, 4/4/2013, p 103 lines 17-19.

[note: 23]NE, 4/4/2013, p 93 line 24-25 to p 94 lines 1-9.

[note: 24]NE, 4/4/2013, p 93 lines 11-17.

[note: 25]Exhibit D101 (ROA Vol 6, pp 588-589).

[note: 26]NE, 4/4/2013, p 107 line 8 to p 108 line 3

[note: 27]NE, 5/4/2013, p 33 at lines 18-24.

[note: 28]Exhibit D92 (ROA Vol 6, p 500).

[note: 29]NE, 18/4/2013, p 4 at lines 22-25 to p 5 at lines 1-7.

[note: 30]NE, 9/4/2013, p 87 lines 13-19.

[note: 31]NE, 1/4/2013, p 80 lines 2-8.

[note: 32]NE, 2/4/2013, p 22 line 25.

[note: 33]NE, 2/4/2013, p 49 line 25 to p 50 line 1.

[note: 34]NE, 22/1/2013, p 32 line 18 to p 33 line 1.

[note: 35]NE, 22/1/2013, p 32 line 23 to p 33 line 1 _._

[note: 36]Exhibit D91, Dr Saluja’s Report dated 2/5/2013 at p 5 (ROA Vol 6, p
493).

[note: 37]NE, 5/4/2013, pp 18-20.

[note: 38]Exhibit D55, Dr Yong’s Medical Case Notes dated 5/4/2012 (Vol 6, p
390).

[note: 39]Exhibit D45, Prescription slip issued by Dr Yong dated 12/4/2012
(ROA Vol 6, p 368).

[note: 40]Exhibit D91, Dr Saluja’s Report dated 2/5/2013 at p 5 (ROA Vol 6, p
493).

[note: 41]NE, 5/4/2013, p 12 lines 23-25.

[note: 42]NE, 5/4/2013, p 20 line 15 to p 21 line 10.

[note: 43]Exhibit D101 (ROA Vol 6, p 588).

[note: 44]NE, 8/5/2013, p 82 line 23 to p 83 line 4.

[note: 45]NE, 8/5/2013, p 82 line 23 to p 83 line 4.

[note: 46]NE, 8/5/2013, p 57 line 25.

[note: 47]NE, 8/5/2013, p 57 line 20 to p 58 line 5.

[note: 48]NE, 1/4/2013, p 77 lines 10-16.

[note: 49]NE, 1/4/2013, p 79 lines 3-5.

[note: 50]NE, 16/1/2013, p 82, pp 84-85

[note: 51]NE, 17/1/2013, pp 50-51

[note: 52]NE, 3/4/2013, pp 37-39.

[note: 53]NE, 3/4/2013, p 40 lines 16-25.

[note: 54]NE, 3/4/2013, p 102 lines 13-17.

[note: 55]NE, 18/1/2013, p 708 lines 14-20.

[note: 56]NE, 17/4/2013, pp 63 and 83.

[note: 57]NE, 10/1/2013, p 72 lines 20-23.

[note: 58]NE, 10/1/2013, p 99 lines 16-18.

[note: 59]NE, 6/5/2013, p 106 lines 2-3.

[note: 60]NE, 11/1/2013 p 84 lines 22–24.

[note: 61]NE, 11/1/2013 p 84 lines 5–12; Exhibit PS1, para 10 (ROA Vol 5, p
261).

[note: 62]Exhibit PS1 at para 24 (ROA Vol 5 p 265).

[note: 63]Exhibit PS1B at para 55 (ROA Vol 5, p 369)

[note: 64]NE, 14/1/2013, pp 28–29.

[note: 65]NE, 15/4/2013, pp 14-27.

[note: 66]NE, 6/5/2013, pp 150-152.

[note: 67]Exhibit D79 (ROA, Vol 6, p 448).

[note: 68]NE, 14/1/2013, p 67 lines 10-17.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

