Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Suhaidah bte Mohd Noor and another (trustees and executors of the estate
of Haji Hassan bin Haji Ismail, deceased) _v_ Syed Ahmad Jamal Alsagoff  
[2014] SGHC 116

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1079 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 June 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alfred Dodwell (Dodwell & Co LLC) for plaintiffs; Nur
Rafizah bte Mohamed Abdul Gaffoor (Selvam LLC) for defendant.  
Parties| :|  Suhaidah bte Mohd Noor and another (trustees and executors of the
estate of Haji Hassan bin Haji Ismail, deceased) — Syed Ahmad Jamal Alsagoff  
  
25 June 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei JC:

Introduction

1 The Plaintiffs, Suhaidah bte Mohd Noor (“the First Plaintiff”) and Sheik
Nawaz bin Mohd Fadel (“the Second Plaintiff”), are the trustees of two
settlement trusts created by the late Haji Hassan Bin Haji Ismail (“Haji
Hassan”). They are also the executors of Haji Hassan’s estate. In Originating
Summons No 1079 of 2013 (“OS 1079/2013”), the plaintiffs are seeking a court
order for the defendant, Syed Ahmad Jamal Alsagoff (“the Defendant”), a former
trustee, to hand over all documents relating to the two settlement trusts.

2 The Plaintiffs’ claim is based on two separate grounds. The first is in
relation to a settlement agreement (“the Settlement Agreement”) that was
entered into by Haji Hassan and the Defendant, which included a duty to hand
over the trust documents after the Defendant’s resignation as trustee. The
second is based on the Plaintiffs’ right as the incoming trustees of the two
settlement trusts to have access to the trust documents.

3 The core of the defence is that the Defendant has already complied with the
duty to hand over all documents in relation to the two settlement trusts. To
this end, the Defendant states that he no longer has possession, custody or
control over any other trust documents. Apart from that, the Defendant also
argues that OS 1079/2013 has been wrongly commenced as the proper cause of
action ought to be, in any event, a breach of the settlement agreement.

4 After hearing the parties and reviewing the evidence placed before me, I am
dismissing the Plaintiffs’ application in OS 1079/2013. I now give the reasons
for my decision. Whilst the legal issues are relatively straightforward, the
background facts to this application are rather complex and bears setting out
in some detail.

The facts

The background

5 The late Haji Hassan was the owner of certain properties in Singapore
situated at Lorong K, Telok Kurau. On 10 June 1992, Haji Hassan created two
settlement trusts:[note: 1]

(a) The first settlement (“the First Settlement Trust”) was in respect of
properties identified as 62A, 64B, 66A, 68B, Lorong K, Telok Kurau, Singapore
425672. This was created as an irrevocable settlement.

(b) The second settlement (“the Second Settlement Trust”) was in respect of a
property identified as 66, Lorong K, Telok Kurau, Singapore 425672. This was
created as a revocable settlement.

6 The beneficiaries of the two settlement trusts included, amongst others,
Haji Hassan, and upon his demise, his wife, the late Inche Pungot bte Alamas
(“Inche Pungot”). On 29 December 1999, Haji Hassan and Inche Pungot executed a
deed to vary the Second Settlement Trust, so as to make provision for Hai’zah
bte Mohammad Shafi (“Hai’zah”), a niece of Haji Hassan.[note: 2] In this
respect, the Defendant described Hai’zah as possessing a contingent interest.
The Second Settlement Trust was also converted into an irrevocable settlement.

7 The original trustees of the two settlement trusts are as follows:[note: 3]

(a) Haji Hassan;

(b) Inche Pungot;

(c) the Defendant’s father, Syed Ali Redha Alsagoff (“Syed Ali”); and

(d) the Defendant.

8 It bears noting that there was no express provision in both trust deeds to
reserve the power to change the trustees of the two settlement trusts. Whilst
four trustees were appointed at the point in time when the two settlement
trusts were created, it is the Plaintiffs’ case that the management of the
trust properties was left in the hands of Syed Ali. The Plaintiffs further
assert that after Syed Ali’s demise in 1998, the control and management of the
trust properties were left to the Defendant, who was described as a
“professional trustee”.[note: 4]

9 Inche Pungot subsequently passed away on 21 August 2011.[note: 5] After her
demise, Haji Hassan executed his last will and testament (“the Will”) on 29
September 2011.[note: 6] The Plaintiffs were appointed as executors under the
Will. Haji Hassan passed away on 7 April 2012 and probate was granted on 27
May 2013.[note: 7]

Suit No 300 of 2011

10 Prior to that, on 15 October 2010, Haji Hassan and Inche Pungot had
commenced proceedings by way of Originating Summons No 1064 of 2011 (“OS
1064/2011”) against the Defendant. In that action, Haji Hassan and Inche
Pungot sought, amongst others, an order for the removal of the Defendant as
trustee of the two settlement trusts, as well as an order for the Defendant to
render an account of monies he had received as a trustee.

11 On 4 March 2011, OS 1064/2011 was heard by Steven Chong J, who granted an
order appointing the First Plaintiff as a new trustee for the two settlement
trusts. Apart from that, Chong J adjourned the rest of the application with a
direction that the learned Assistant Registrar was to decide at the pre-trial
conference whether it would be more expedient, given the allegations of breach
of trust made against the Defendant, for the matter to proceed by way of a
writ action.[note: 8] Subsequently, on 26 April 2011, the learned Assistant
Registrar granted the order for OS 1064/2011 to be converted into a writ
action. As a result, OS 1064/2011 became Suit No 300 of 2011 (“S 300/2011”).

12 After the conversion, the statement of claim was filed and in it, a few
assertions were made, summarised briefly as follows:[note: 9]

(a) In 1992, Syed Ali proposed to Haji Hassan and Inche Pungot that he would
fund the cost of building 12 apartments on Haji Hassan’s property at 66 Lorong
K, Telok Kurau. Haji Hassan would then retain ownership of six apartments
whilst the remaining six apartments would be owned by Syed Ali.

(b) The six apartments retained by Haji Hassan were the subject matter of the
two settlement trusts created on 10 June 1992.

(c) Syed Ali, the Defendant, Haji Hassan and Inche Pungot were named as the
original trustees of the two settlement trusts.

(d) The deeds for the two settlement trusts were prepared by Syed Ali and/or
the Defendant.

(e) Haji Hassan and Inche Pungot did not receive independent legal advice and
were not informed of their duties as co-trustees of the two settlement trusts.
They were also mistaken as to the nature of the transactions.

(f) Upon execution of the settlement deeds, Haji Hassan and Inche Pungot left
the management of the properties to Syed Ali. Upon Syed Ali’s demise, his role
was taken over by the Defendant.

(g) Syed Ali and the Defendant committed various breaches of duties as
trustees, both in law and in equity.

(h) Twenty particulars of the alleged breaches were set out, which included,
amongst others:

(i) Failure to provide proper or adequate documentation of the development,
the submissions to the relevant authorities, and the accounts regarding the
development and the construction costs.

(ii) Failure to provide bank statements and accounts of monies received from
the tenants and/or the sale of Haji Hassan’s apartment units.

(iii) Failure to provide documentary evidence of the appointment of real
estate agents and other related matters.

(iv) Failure to provide copies of the tenancy agreements and evidence of the
rental deposits received.

(v) Failure to provide copies of invoices and receipts in respect of the
repair works that were undertaken.

(vi) Failure to provide copies of the insurance policies.

(vii) Failure to provide information about a potential _en bloc_ sale.

(viii) Failure to provide all relevant documents regarding the management of
Haji Hassan’s and Inche Pungot’s properties.

(ix) Failure to hand over rental deposits and to provide an account of all
rents, profits, dividends, interest and income received as managing agent
and/or trustee.

13 It is noted that in S 300/2011, Haji Hassan and Inche Pungot alleged that
the Defendant had committed serious breaches of trust with regard to the
management of the two settlement trusts. A variety of orders was sought in S
300/2011, which included, amongst others, the handover of all trust documents
and the provision of accounts in relation to the properties belonging to the
settlement trusts.[note: 10]

The settlement

14 The Defendant denied the allegations made by Haji Hassan and Inche Pungot
in S 300/2011. It was submitted that both Haji Hassan and Inche Pungot had
enjoyed the benefits of the two settlement trusts throughout the 18-year
period up to 2009, and that they had not made their objections known then.
Apart from that, the Defendant also argued that he was not the only trustee of
the two settlement trusts, and that he was only acting in the capacity of a
managing agent in respect of some of the properties held under the settlement
trusts.

15 In any event, S 300/2011 did not proceed to trial as all parties managed to
arrive at a settlement where the Defendant was to resign as a trustee for both
settlement trusts. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Defendant
resigned on 27 September 2011.

16 As already mentioned at [11] above, the First Plaintiff was appointed as an
additional trustee on 4 March 2011, pursuant to the order of court made by
Chong J. After her appointment, it is apparent that the First Plaintiff made
various requests to the Defendant for the latter to hand over all documents
relating to the two settlement trusts. Whilst it is also apparent that the
Defendant did provide some documents, it is asserted by the First Plaintiff
that instead of handing over all the relevant documents, the Defendant had
rebuffed her request by asking her to approach Haji Hassan or Inche Pungot for
the documents instead. In this respect, the First Plaintiff refers to the
difficulties she encountered when tenants of the properties held under the
settlement trusts sought clarification on certain matters relating to the
properties in question. It bears noting that whilst S 300/2011 was still
ongoing, the First Plaintiff was already requesting the handover of the trust
documents from the Defendant in order to enable her to discharge her duties as
a newly appointed trustee of the settlement trusts.

17 At the same time, it is apparent that Haji Hassan and Inche Pungot also
made requests for the trust documents in the Defendant’s possession, custody
or control in S 300/2011. Numerous correspondences were exchanged between the
parties from 11 August 2011 to 17 September 2011 concerning the trust
documents. A formal application was also made on 9 September 2011 for the
Defendant to disclose certain documents or classes of documents.[note: 11]
This did not happen as, it will be recalled, S 300/2011 was subsequently
settled on or about 27 September 2011.

18 The Settlement Agreement was embodied in an exchange of letters between the
respective solicitors of each party. The letters span the period between 5
September 2011 and 27 September 2011. Of particular importance is the letter
sent by the Defendant’s solicitors dated 25 September 2011, in which the terms
of the settlement offer were expressed as follows:[note: 12]

(a) The allegations made by the plaintiffs in S 300/2011 (_ie_ , Haji Hassan
and Inche Pungot) are to be withdrawn and expunged from the court records.

(b) The Defendant will resign as trustee of the two settlement trusts by way
of writing (unless a formal application is required to effect the
resignation). To this end, the resignation will be tendered upon confirmation
of the settlement.

(c) The Defendant will hand over the documents in relation to the two
settlement trusts to the person nominated by the Plaintiffs in S 300/2011 at a
convenient date and time.

(d) The parties to S 300/2011 will file an application to have the court
determine all issues relating to costs (_ie_ , liability and quantum). Parties
will make their respective submissions and the terms of the settlement will
not feature in the submissions, save that costs are to be determined by the
court.

(e) Upon confirmation of the terms of the settlement, parties will inform the
court that the matter has been settled and request all hearing dates to be
vacated. If necessary, parties will inform the court of the terms of the
settlement.

(f) The notice of discontinuance will be filed upon completion of all the
above-mentioned matters.

(g) All matters are to be kept confidential, save that if for any reason any
article appears in the media, there will be a right to respond to the same.

19 Subsequently, by way of a letter dated 27 September 2011, the solicitors
for Haji Hassan confirmed acceptance of the proposed terms of settlement,
including the expunging and sealing of the court records.[note: 13] In a reply
that was dated on the same day, the Defendant confirmed receipt of the
acceptance letter and added that reasonable time must be allowed for the
documents to be collated and handed over to the nominated person.[note: 14]
This request was accepted by the solicitors acting for Haji Hassan.[note: 15]
As a result, the Defendant resigned as a trustee of the two settlement trusts
on 27 September 2011.[note: 16] It bears noting at this juncture that Inche
Pungot was not a party to the Settlement Agreement as she had passed away on
21 August 2011, shortly before the Settlement Agreement was concluded.

The dispute in relation to the handover of the documents

20 On 12 October 2011, the Defendant’s former solicitors wrote to Haji
Hassan’s solicitors to inform them that the trust documents would be ready for
collection on the afternoon of 14 October 2011.[note: 17] Thereafter, there
was an exchange of correspondence between the respective solicitors for each
party, concerning a request for a list of documents to be handed over, payment
of photocopying charges and a request for the original trust documents as
opposed to copies. On 9 November 2011, the Defendant provided a list of
documents amounting to 59 pages. The documents handed over were contained in
five arch files. The plaintiffs in S 300/2011 complained that upon inspection,
it was realised that the documents handed over by the Defendant were
incomplete and that a majority of the documents were not the originals. The
photocopying charge amounting to $352.94 was also disputed by the plaintiffs
in S 300/2011.

The present application

21 As a result of the dispute regarding the handover of the documents, the
Plaintiffs commenced OS 1079/2013 against the Defendant. As in the case of OS
1064/2010 which was subsequently converted into S 300/2011, the action is
brought against the Defendant in respect of the same settlement trusts.
Although the Defendant is no longer a trustee, the present application relates
to documents concerning the same trust properties which the Defendant had
administered prior to resigning as a trustee as part of the Settlement
Agreement.

22 In brief, both the First Plaintiff and the Second Plaintiff (who were not
parties to the Settlement Agreement) assert that they require the trust
documents in full so as to carry out their duties as executors of Haji
Hassan’s estate and to administer the properties held under the two settlement
trusts. In this regard, the Plaintiffs assert that the documents handed over
by the Defendant in the five arch files were reviewed by an accounting firm,
which arrived at the conclusion that there were periods unaccounted for.

23 Apart from the two settlement trusts, the Plaintiffs have also relied on
the fact that as executors of Haji Hassan’s estate, they are bound to carry
out the terms and instructions set out in the Will. In this regard, it is of
significance that there exists in the Will a direction to commence legal
proceedings against the Defendant, his companies and/or his agents in respect
of any breaches of ­duties and to make the necessary claims.

24 Therefore, it seems probable that in the event the Plaintiffs uncover some
evidence of breach of trust or fiduciary duty by the Defendant whilst he was
still a trustee, they intend to commence legal proceedings in respect of those
breaches. In this regard, it appears that the request for the trust documents
to be handed over is not driven solely by the need to administer the trust
properties, such as to answer queries from the tenants of the properties, but
also to discover if there is any documentary evidence to support an action
against the Defendant.

25 In any event, the Plaintiffs are essentially seeking an order for the
Defendant to hand over the documents relating to the trust properties under 49
different headings. It appears that these are the same classes of documents
requested by Haji Hassan and Inche Pungot pursuant to the discovery
application in S 300/2011.

26 The Defendant’s position is extremely clear – he asserts that he has
already provided _all_ trust documents that were in his possession. In fact,
the Defendant has offered to execute a statutory declaration to that effect.
Apart from that, the Defendant also highlighted the fact that the action in S
300/2011 was settled on the basis of his resignation as a trustee of the two
settlement trusts pursuant to the Settlement Agreement. In return, the
Plaintiffs’ allegations that were made in S 300/2011 will have to be withdrawn
and expunged from the court records. To this end, the Defendant has expressed
concern that the real purpose of the present application is to obtain the very
same documents that were sought in the discovery application in S 300/2011 and
to commence fresh legal proceedings for breach of trust against the Defendant.
The Defendant suggests that at least in some respects, this appears to be the
underlying motive behind the present application.

The issues

27 Based on the facts above, there are essentially two issues which arise in
the present application:

(a) Whether the Defendant has handed over all trust documents in discharge of
both his duty as a former trustee of the two settlement trusts and his
contractual obligation pursuant to the Settlement Agreement (“Issue 1”).

(b) Whether the proper originating procedure was utilised in the present
application (“Issue 2”).

Issue 1: Whether the Defendant has handed over all trust documents in
discharge of his duties and obligations

28 At the outset, it must be noted that the applicable legal principles in the
present application are relatively straightforward and not heavily disputed by
the parties.

29 There is no doubt that incoming trustees are entitled to all documents
relating to the trust. In the Court of Appeal decision of _Regenthill
Properties Pte Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2192_ [2002]
2 SLR(R) 359 (“ _Regenthill Properties_ ”), it was regarded as settled law
that outgoing trustees are required to deliver up to the new trustee all
records, books and other papers belonging to the trust. One reason, as appears
from the decision of _Wentworth v De Montfort_ (1988-1989) 15 NSWLR 348, which
was cited by the Court of Appeal in _Regenthill Properties_ at [48], is that
the documents and financial records relating to the trust are part and parcel
of the trust properties. Another reason is based on the fact that the new
trustee is under a duty to look into the trust documents to determine whether
there are any encumbrances or matters which affect the trust properties. In
Philip H Pettit, _Equity and the Law of Trusts_ (Oxford University Press, 12th
Ed, 2012), the learned author explains at p 399 that a retiring trustee is
expected to answer his successor’s requests for information regarding the
trust and its affairs and is expected to exercise due care in doing so. In
fact, it is stated in Charles Mitchell, _Hayton and Mitchell: Commentary and
Cases on the Law of Trusts and Equitable Remedies_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed,
2010) at para 9–10 that a person who is appointed as a new trustee of an
existing trust must investigate any suspicious circumstances which suggest
that a breach of trust may have occurred prior to his appointment. This is
such that legal proceedings can be commenced, if necessary, to recover the
trust fund. In order for the new trustee to be able to discharge this aspect
of his duty, it follows that he will need to have access to the documents
relating to the trust.

30 Nevertheless, disputes may arise as a result of differing views on what
constitutes a trust document and whether each and every document relating to
the trust must be handed over. In this respect, the Plaintiffs have submitted
that the new trustees are entitled to _all_ documents relating to the trust.
In support of this proposition, they have cited the following passage from
_Underhill and Hayton: Law Relating to Trusts and Trustees_ (David Hayton gen
ed) (LexisNexis, 18th Ed, 2010) at para 42.23:

So that the new trustees may carry out these duties, they are entitled to
require the old trustees to produce all trust documents, papers and memoranda
relating to the administration of the trust (including any letter of wishes
necessary to be considered before exercising any flexible discretionary
functions), and where there was previously a corporate trustee, the documents
to be produced may include internal correspondence and memoranda. But what
should be produced, and whether it should be only produced or actually handed
over depends upon the circumstances of each case and the nature and contents
of the document. Everything relating to the management and administration of
the trust property should be produced, at the least, but so far as concerns
documents relating to discretionary distributive functions it would seem that
only those of them that should be take [_sic_] into account when considering
fuure [_sic_] exercise of such functions need to be produced. It would seem
that a former trustee should be obliged to supply information to the new
trustee on matters not clear from the trust papers, just as he would be so
obliged to a beneficiary of full age and capacity, the new trustee being no
worse off than the beneficiaries to whom he owes a duty to collect in and
safeguard all the property for which the former trustee should account.

It thus follows that disputes may arise as to whether it is merely sufficient
to _produce_ the documents in question or whether they have to be _handed
over._ Apart from that, parties may also disagree on the issue of whether it
is sufficient to hand over a _copy_ , as opposed to the _original_ document.

31 In the English decision of _Tiger v Barclay Banks Ltd_ [1952] 1 All ER 85
(“ _Tiger_ ”), the Court of Appeal had to deal with the issue of whether a
bank, which was acting as a corporate trustee, had the right to withhold
documents relating to the estate from the successors in office. In that case,
an action had been commenced to revoke the grant of probate. A compromise was
reached on the basis that the defendant would renounce probate. Subsequently,
the plaintiffs, who were both residuary legatees, proceeded to apply for
letters of administration with the will annexed. Legal proceedings were then
commenced by the plaintiffs against the defendant on the basis that the
defendants were under an obligation to hand over all documents connected with
the administration of the estate, either as an implied term of the compromise
agreement or on the ground that, having renounced probate, they had no right
to retain possession of the documents as against the successors in office. On
appeal, the main issue was whether the order granted at first instance should
be varied so as to exclude any books or documents kept or brought into being
by the defendants as bankers of the estate, and any books kept by the
defendants as administrators but which also contained entries regarding other
trusts. Another question also arose in that case as to whether the order
should exclude inter-office correspondence, memoranda or other documents
brought into existence by the defendants in the ordinary course of the
defendant’s business as a trust corporation, the production of which would not
assist the plaintiffs in the discharge of their duties as administrators.

32 The appeal was dismissed. It is pertinent to note that the defendants had
also sought to exclude all documents relating to the administration of the
estate which they were not, as a matter of law, liable to deliver up. The
problem in that case, however, was that the question was never pleaded or
argued, and no evidence was adduced to show its bearing on the documents which
actually existed in that case. On that basis, the Court of Appeal commented
that it was impossible to consider the issue _in vacuo_ without any evidence
regarding the particular documents in question. I agree with that general
observation. Where the outgoing or former trustee objects to the handing over
of a document relating to the trust on the basis of some other principle of
law such as privilege, it is incumbent on him to define clearly what those
documents are and the nature of the privilege or other right on which he
relies on to resist production of the documents. In this regard, the Court of
Appeal in _Tiger_ was ready to accept (at 88) that a distinction may be drawn
between mere banking books or documents on the one hand, and trust books or
documents on the other.

33 Apart from that, it is also significant to note that the Court of Appeal in
_Tiger_ did not go as far as to lay down an unyielding rule that the
_original_ trust documents must be handed over in all cases. Jenkins LJ, in
delivering the judgment of the court, made the following observations at
86–87:

The practical difficulty with regard to documents common to this and other
matters (_i.e._ , _books containing information relating to other trusts
besides the testator’s estate_) was met by counsel for the plaintiffs
conceding (_as was obviously right_) that under the order as it stood he
_could not claim more than a right to inspection and taking copies of the
relevant parts of the documents of this description_.

[emphasis added]

I agree with this approach. Whilst it is accepted that incoming trustees will
ordinarily have the right to the production of the _original_ documents, there
may be cases where it will be sufficient for the outgoing or former trustee to
provide the new trustee with sight of the original document and to allow a
_copy_ to be taken. The circumstances in which it may be sufficient to provide
a clear copy of the trust documents cannot be articulated with any degree of
precision. This is a question of fact which will vary depending on the actual
factual matrix in each individual case. Apart from the example given in
_Tiger_ , another case where a relevant trust document may be retained by the
outgoing trustee would be in situations where the document has to be used for
tax or reporting purposes. To that end, if the outgoing trustee is concerned
that he may be in a difficult position in the future should there be, for
example, litigation, the trustee may create a list of what was handed over, to
whom it was handed over and, where necessary, to retain a copy of the
document. Returning to the facts in the present case, whilst the Plaintiffs
have complained that many of the trust documents handed over by the Defendant
were _copies_ , as opposed to the _originals_ , it is difficult to make any
sensible determination _in vacuo_ (that is, without full argument and
examination) as to whether the provision of a copy was justified in the
circumstances.

34 Turning to the question of whether any other restriction ought to be
imposed on the range of documents to be delivered up, the primary argument
raised in _Tiger_ was that a distinction ought to be drawn between the duty to
hand over trust documents imposed on a _natural_ trustee and that imposed on a
_corporate_ trustee. It was argued by the defendant in _Tiger_ that a
corporate trustee, unlike a natural person, carries out its deliberations
through internal correspondences and memoranda. These were akin to the private
thoughts of a natural trustee which can never be “handed over” as they are not
reduced to writing or any other material form. On this basis, the defendant in
_Tiger_ argued that the internal memoranda and correspondence of a corporate
trustee should be exempt from production. This argument was soundly rejected
by the Court of Appeal and the following observations were made at 87:

... If a natural executor or trustee does, in fact, reduce his deliberations
to writing, as, for instance, by recording them in a diary relating to the
administration of the estate or trust, we see no reason in principle why he
should not be required to produce it to his successor in office. Another
example may be found in the case of two or more natural trustees who record
their deliberations in minutes of trustees’ meetings. Here, again, we see no
reason in principle why the advantage of production and perusal of such
minutes should be withheld from their successors in office. Unless it can be
shown that records such as these, if kept by natural trustees, would
necessarily be exempt from production – and as at present advised we see no
sufficient ground for this view – we find it impossible to accept the general
proposition that the internal correspondence and memoranda of a corporate
trustee must as such necessarily be so exempt. ...

Therefore, it follows that in the present case, the fact that the Defendant
was described by the Plaintiffs as a “professional trustee” or a “managing
agent” of some of the trust properties is neither here nor there in so far as
it does not place him in a special position with regard to the duty to hand
over the trust documents.

35 A slightly more contentious question is whether the outgoing trustee
retains any residual discretion to refuse to hand over documents relating to
the trust properties or the administration of the trust on the basis that the
documents are obsolete or of marginal relevance and utility for the future
administration of the trust. In this respect, when a trust has been
administered over a long period of time and involves a number of properties
held under the trust, such as in the present case, it goes without saying that
the total collection of trust documents is likely to be voluminous. I am of
the view that allowing the outgoing trustee to sieve out documents which, in
his view, are of marginal utility or relevance is clearly a risky proposition.
This is bearing in mind the incoming trustee’s duty to peruse the trust
documents in order to satisfy himself that no breaches of trust or other
duties were committed prior to his appointment. To that end, it would be in
the outgoing trustee’s interests to conceal and retain incriminating documents
that may give rise to a case for breach of trust or other duties.

36 In any event, the English Court of Appeal in _Tiger_ also made it very
clear that the incoming trustees would be the “best judges” of whether the
document was relevant to the administration of the trust. It was observed at
88 that:

... If such a document relates to the administration of the testator’s estate
and no more than that is known about it, then, at all events, it is
potentially a document which would or might assist the plaintiffs in the
administration of the estate. Whether it would in fact do so or not must
depend on its actual contents, and of that question, _prima facie_ , the
plaintiffs [_ie_ , the incoming executor or trustee], whose duty it is to
carry on the administration, would be the best judges, and obviously they
could only form an opinion by looking at the document itself. ...

37 Returning to the facts in the present case, there is no doubt that quite
apart from the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the Defendant is under an
obligation to hand over the documents relating to the two settlement trusts to
the Plaintiffs. Given that the two settlement trusts were created more than 18
years ago and that the background factual matrix is relatively complex, I have
no doubt that the documentation involved is likely to be voluminous and would
require some time to collate and compile. That said, it is clear that the
Defendant does not, in any event, deny that he is under an obligation to
deliver up the trust documents. In fact, the Defendant sought for and was
given reasonable time to compile the trust documents which were eventually
handed over to the Plaintiffs in five arch files. Whilst the Plaintiffs have
complained that the documents handed over by the Defendant were incomplete and
have also alluded to the fact that the accounting records for some time
periods were missing, I am bound to comment that there is no particularisation
at all as to what is missing. Furthermore, as already explained at [33] above,
whilst the Plaintiffs have also complained that many of the documents handed
over by the Defendant were _copies_ as opposed to the _originals_ , it bears
noting that no detailed information or particulars have been provided in
respect of any specific document. Therefore, in the absence of such material
information, I find it impossible to arrive at a specific decision as to
whether there has been a failure to comply with the duty to hand over the
trust documents on the part of the Defendant simply because a _copy_ was
provided as opposed to the _original_.

38 Apart from that, the Plaintiffs have also complained about the trust
documents being handed over by the Defendant in a haphazard manner. It was
asserted that the Defendant is under a duty to hand over the documents in an
orderly manner and that the documents should have been organised in
appropriate files (or sub-files) with proper chronological tables and guides.
Whilst I have some sympathy for the Plaintiffs on this score, especially after
taking into account the fact that the documents even as disclosed appear to be
voluminous, I find myself unable to arrive at a specific conclusion on whether
the five arch files were so poorly organised so as to make the contents (_ie_
, the trust documents) unintelligible or difficult to contextualise and use
for the purposes of administering the trust.

39 In fact, the Defendant’s response to all the complaints raised by the
Plaintiffs is simple – that he has already handed over all documents pursuant
to the Settlement Agreement and that he no longer has any trust documents in
his possession. The fact that the Defendant also offered to provide a
statutory declaration to that effect has also been alluded to above. In
relation to the Plaintiffs’ complaint that the Defendant has retained the
_originals_ and provided only the _copies_ in many instances, the response is
simply that the Plaintiffs have not identified which documents they are
referring to with sufficient clarity.

40 With regard to the Plaintiffs’ complaint that an incomplete account has
been provided of the monies that are due to the late Haji Hassan, the
Defendant’s response is that he has already supplied the relevant accounts. To
this end, it was asserted that should the Plaintiffs have any queries
regarding the accounts, these should be set out with sufficient particularity
rather than by means of “wild and overarching allegations”.

41 Finally, the Defendant has asserted that after the originating summons for
OS 1079/2013 was served on him, a further check was conducted to verify that
all trust documents have been handed over. It is stated that apart from a few
documents relating to the proposed collective sale of Sapphire Court and Telok
Kurau View, no other documents were found.[note: 18] In his affidavit, the
Defendant further stated that he was collating the relevant correspondence on
the matter and that these would be tendered to the Plaintiffs’ solicitors in
due course.

42 In summary, based on the affidavits and the documentary evidence that have
been placed before me, I am unable to arrive at a specific conclusion as to
whether the Defendant has failed to comply with his duty to hand over all
trust documents to the Plaintiffs.

43 For completeness, it is noted that the Plaintiffs have also relied on the
Settlement Agreement entered into between the late Haji Hassan and the
Defendant. Under the Settlement Agreement, the Defendant agreed to hand over
all documents in his possession, custody and power, including monies, if any,
concerning the two settlement trusts and any related tenancies.

44 The position taken by the parties in respect of the contractual duty to
hand over the trust documents pursuant to the Settlement Agreement is broadly
similar to that taken in respect of the duty under general law. That said, I
note that with reference to the Settlement Agreement, the duty imposed on the
Defendant was in respect of all documents in his _possession, power or
control_. Whilst the Defendant has made it clear that he no longer has
possession of any trust documents, it may be argued that this does not deal
with the documents which he had or should have had, and which he no longer has
possession of. These documents may have been within the Defendant’s power or
control. If so, it is understood that the Plaintiffs’ complaint is that an
explanation should have been provided as to what has happened to these
documents. In this respect, the Defendant takes the position that the
Plaintiffs should identify these documents with sufficient particularity in
order to enable him to make a proper response.

45 In my view, the Plaintiffs’ arguments in respect of both the general duty
to hand over the trust documents and the contractual duty pursuant to the
Settlement Agreement suffer from the same fundamental flaw. Given that the
originating procedure utilised in the present action was the originating
summons, the scope of evidence placed before me included only affidavit
evidence and documentary evidence. Both parties have not made any application
to cross-examine any witness throughout the course of these proceedings. To
that end, I am unable to arrive at a specific conclusion on whether the
Defendant has failed to discharge his duty, contractual or otherwise, to hand
over the trust documents to the Plaintiffs.

Issue 2: Whether the proper originating procedure was utilised in the present
application

46 Having arrived at the conclusion that I am unable to make any specific
finding in relation to the substantive merits of the Plaintiffs’ application,
I turn now to consider the issue of whether the proper originating procedure
has been utilised in the present application.

47 At the outset, O 5 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
provides for two modes for commencing civil proceedings: by writ or by
originating summons. In cases where the proceedings are by way of an
application to the court under any written law, O 5 r 3 provides that the
application _must_ be by way of originating summons. On the facts of the
present case, O 5 r 3 is inapplicable. The proceedings are commenced pursuant
to the Plaintiffs’ right as the incoming trustees to the trust documents as
well as the Settlement Agreement. To this end, the proceedings are not by way
of application under any written law.

48 On the other hand, O 5 r 2 states that “[p]roceedings in which a
substantial dispute of fact is likely to arise shall be begun by writ”. It
bears noting that in cases where there are substantial disputes of fact, the
litigant has no choice and the action has to be commenced by way of writ. The
rationale behind this rule is straightforward and succinctly explained by the
learned author in Jeffrey Pinsler, _Principles of Civil Procedure_ (Academy
Publishing, 2011) (“ _Principles of Civil Procedure_ ”) at para 03.001:

... The differences between the writ of summons and the originating summons
reflect the nature of the legal proceedings. The writ of summons caters to
primarily factual disputes and triggers the necessary procedures for the
purpose of identifying the issues of dispute (primarily through the process of
pleadings), the disclosure of relevant evidence (via the appropriate discovery
mechanisms), interlocutory relief and other steps leading to eventual
settlement or adjudication at trial. The originating summons, which is
primarily concerned with issues of law such as the construction of legislation
or legal instrument or an application pursuant to statute, normally involves a
simpler and less drawn out procedure involving the presentation of affidavits
which are ultimately considered in the less formal setting of the court’s
chambers.

As a corollary to O 5 r 2, it is stated in O 5 r 4(2) that where there is
unlikely to be any substantial dispute of fact, the proceedings are
appropriate to be begun by originating summons unless the plaintiff intends in
those proceedings to apply for judgment under O 14 or for any other reason
considers the proceedings more appropriate to be begun by writ.

49 In the present case, as already mentioned above, the applicable legal
principles are relatively straightforward. In fact, the Defendant does _not_
deny that he is under a duty to hand over the trust documents to the
Plaintiffs. Whilst there may be some disputes concerning the scope of the
obligation to hand over the trust documents, such as whether the delivery up
of _copies_ as opposed to _originals_ would suffice, that does not detract
from the fact that a substantial part of the dispute between the parties
concerns questions of _fact_. To this end, the Plaintiffs’ position is that
the Defendant has failed to hand over all the trust documents whilst the
Defendant’s position is that he has already handed over all documents and no
longer has any other trust documents in his possession. This is undoubtedly a
substantial dispute of _fact_. Therefore, in accordance to O 5 r 2 of the RC,
the action should have been commenced by way of writ, as opposed to by
originating summons.

50 In arriving at this conclusion, I find it useful to refer to the English
Court of Appeal decision of _Jones v The Monte Video Gas Company_ (1880) 5 QBD
556 (“ _Jones_ ”). In that case, the plaintiff had obtained an order for the
defendant to file an affidavit of documents to be discovered. After the
defendant had filed its affidavit, the plaintiff filed an affidavit
complaining that certain specified documents had been omitted from the
defendant’s affidavit of documents. The defendant then proceeded to file a
further affidavit stating that the documents were not material or relevant to
the action. The question that arose in that case was whether further
affidavits should be ordered. To put it another way, the English Court of
Appeal had to confront the issue of whether a dispute concerning the relevance
or materiality of documents was appropriate for resolution by way of further
affidavits.

51 In this respect, Brett LJ observed that (at 558):

... either party to an action has a right to take out a summons that the
opposite party shall make an affidavit of documents: when the affidavit has
been sworn, if from the affidavit itself; or from the documents therein
referred to, or from an admission in the pleadings of the party from whom
discovery is sought, the master or judge is of opinion that the affidavit is
insufficient, he ought to make an order for a further affidavit; but except in
cases of this description no right to a further affidavit exists in favour of
the party seeking production.

Brett LJ further acknowledged that it cannot be shown by a contentious
affidavit that the affidavit of documents was insufficient. More
significantly, it was observed that the affidavit of documents must be
accepted as conclusive and that there was no right to further affidavits in
the circumstances. Brett LJ went on to note that a more appropriate procedure
for resolving such disputes would be the administration of interrogatories. It
was recognised at 558–559 that:

... interrogatories properly framed may force a person to disclose what
documents he has in his possession, and the party requiring the production
will thereby avoid committing any breach of the practice as to affidavits of
documents. ...

To this end, both Cotton and Thesiger LJJ were also in agreement that the more
appropriate procedure to resolve the dispute would be through the
administration of interrogatories. In fact, Cotton LJ observed that the main
objective was to avoid a conflict of affidavits as to whether the affidavit of
documents was sufficient.

52 Whilst it is acknowledged that the decision of _Jones_ is not strictly
relevant as it does not address the issue of when proceedings should be
commenced by writ as opposed to by originating summons, the general takeaway
is that disputes of fact are not easily resolved by way of a battle of
affidavits. In the context of _Jones_ , it was observed that the
administration of interrogatories would be far more effective as appropriate
questions could be framed and directed specifically at the defendant. In the
present case, it is, therefore, unlikely that the dispute as to whether there
are any further documents relating to the two settlement trusts in the
possession, custody or control of the Defendant can be properly resolved by
way of an exchange of affidavits. In fact, it bears repeating that the
Defendant has gone as far as to offer to execute a statutory declaration to
the effect that he no longer has any of the trust documents in his possession.

53 In summary, I am of the view that the proceedings ought to have been
commenced by way of writ, as opposed to by way of originating summons. As
mentioned above, the applicable legal principles are relatively
straightforward and it is clear that the parties’ dispute is primarily one of
_fact_. Therefore, pursuant to O 5 r 2 of the Rules of Court, in the light of
the substantial dispute of fact between the parties, the proceedings should
have been begun by writ. In the usual course of proceedings commenced by writ,
after pleadings have been filed by the parties, the normal process of
discovery will follow. At this stage, the administration of interrogatories
may be appropriate, depending on the outcome of the discovery process. The
case will then proceed to trial for the factual disputes to be properly
resolved.

54 In the light of the above, the only question that remains is whether the
Plaintiffs’ failure to adopt the proper originating procedure is fatal to
their application in this case. In this regard, it is established law that the
mere use of an improper originating process does not necessarily mean that the
proceedings must be terminated. The learned author in _Principles of Civil
Procedure_ rightly points out at para 03.004 that the court retains a
discretion to allow the action to continue subject to the appropriate
amendments. In this regard, it is undisputed that an action commenced by way
of an originating summons can be converted into a writ action pursuant to O 28
r 8(1) of the Rules of Court, which states that:

Where, in the case of a cause or matter begun by originating summons, it
appears to the Court at any stage of the proceedings that the proceedings
should for any reason be continued as if the cause or matter had been begun by
writ, it _may order the proceedings to continue as if the cause or matter had
been so begun_ and may, in particular, order that pleadings shall be delivered
or that any affidavits shall stand as pleadings, with or without liberty to
any of the parties to add thereto or to apply for particulars thereof.

[emphasis added]

55 In the present case, it must be noted that the Plaintiffs have not made any
application to convert the current proceedings into a writ action. In fact,
the written submissions tendered by the Plaintiffs do not address the question
of whether the appropriate originating process has been utilised in the
present application. Neither was this point raised in any of the affidavits
filed by the Plaintiffs. On the other hand, the Defendant has, in his written
submissions, argued that the action was misconceived on the basis that it was
commenced by way of an originating summons, and thus should be struck out.
This point was also raised by counsel acting for the Defendant during the
hearing itself.

56 The question is, therefore, whether the court should exercise its
discretion to allow the current proceedings to proceed as if it had been
commenced by writ. In the decision of _In re 462 Green Lane, Ilford; Gooding v
Borland_ [1971] 1 WLR 138 (“ _Re 462_ ”), the plaintiff had commenced an
action concerning a land dispute which involved allegations of fraud. The
court declined to allow the proceedings to continue as if it had been
commenced by writ on the basis that the action should not have been commenced
by originating summons right from the start. It must, however, be noted that
the decision of _Re 462_ was doubted in the subsequent decision of _In re
Deadman, deceased; Smith v Garland and others_ [1971] 1 WLR 426, where Stamp J
made the following observations at 429:

I have been a little troubled by the judgment delivered in _In re 462 Green
Lane, Ilford_ ... The judge on the procedural point held that the action ought
to be brought by writ, that the matter was not a technicality, and he appears
to have stayed the proceedings. Unfortunately it does not appear to have been
brought to the judge’s attention that Ord. 2, r. 1(3), provides:

“The court shall not wholly set aside any proceedings or the writ or other
originating process by which they were begun on the ground that the
proceedings were required by any of these rules to be begun by an originating
process other than the one employed.”

In this regard, it bears noting that the rule cited by Stamp J is the English
equivalent of O 2 r 1(3) of the Rules of Court. A plain reading of O 2 r 1(3)
suggests that the court should _not_ wholly set aside any proceedings solely
on the basis that the wrong originating process has been utilised.

57 Nevertheless, I am of the view that the court retains the discretion to
disallow the action to proceed as though it had been commenced by way of writ
pursuant to O 28 r 8 of the Rules of Court. In this regard, I find it useful
to refer to the observations made by the learned author in _Principles of
Civil Procedure_ at para 03.050:

... This view [referring to the decision of _Re 462_] has been criticised on
the basis that the court has a discretion to permit the continuation of the
proceedings pursuant to Order 2 rule 1(3) ... The better view is that the
court’s discretion to make whatever order it regards as just _should not be
restricted given the variety of circumstances which may arise in a case_. This
is the underlying philosophy of Order 2.

[emphasis added]

58 Furthermore, apart from the English decision of _Re 462_ , I find it useful
to also refer to the local Court of Appeal decision of _Haco Far East Pte Ltd
v Ong Heh Lai Francis_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 959 (“ _Haco Far East_ ”). In that
case, the judge at first instance was of the view that the plaintiff had
utilised the wrong originating process as the action should have been
commenced by way of a writ. It was noted by the learned judge that the hearing
of the originating summons had been adjourned previously in order for the
plaintiff to consider whether the correct originating process had been
utilised but the plaintiff failed to make the necessary changes. On this
basis, the originating summons was dismissed.

59 On appeal, Chao Hick Tin JA, in delivering the grounds of decision of the
court, agreed with the judge at first instance that the action should have
been commenced as a writ action given the presence of contested issues of fact
which required proof by way of oral evidence. Whilst it was acknowledged that
under O 28 r 8 of the Rules of Court, the court could ordinarily give
directions for the action to be continued as if it had been commenced by writ,
the plaintiff had failed to take up the suggestion when given the opportunity
to do so and instead held firm to its position that it had utilised the
appropriate originating process. Chao JA observed that in the circumstances,
the court below “was entitled to have refused to exercise its discretion under
O 28 r 8” (at [17]). Given that there was no basis for the Court of Appeal to
disturb the exercise of discretion by the judge at first instance, the appeal
was dismissed. Therefore, the decision of _Haco Far East_ lends support to the
view that the court is entitled to refuse to exercise its discretion under O
28 r 8 of the Rules of Court and to dismiss the originating summons on the
basis that it was not the appropriate originating process on the facts of the
case.

60 Nevertheless, it must be acknowledged that decision of _Haco Far East_ is
often rationalised on the basis that the plaintiff had failed to take the
opportunity granted by the court to remedy the error of utilising the
incorrect originating process (see _eg_ , _Singapore Court Practice 2009_
(Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009) at para 28/8/5). In this regard, I
am of the view that the court is entitled to also take into account other
relevant factors, such as the conduct of the plaintiff, in deciding whether to
exercise its discretion under O 28 r 8. To this end, I agree with Prof
Pinsler’s observations that “the court’s discretion to make whatever order it
regards as just should not be restricted given the variety of circumstances
which may arise in a case”.

61 Returning to the facts in the present case, I am of the view that the
present application ought to be dismissed, as opposed to being allowed to
continue as if it had been commenced by writ, for the following reasons.
First, given that the Defendant has never denied the obligation to hand over
the trust documents and instead contended that he has already done so, it
would have been apparent to the Plaintiffs right from the beginning that the
action would likely involve substantial disputes of fact. Second, although the
Defendant has raised the issue of the incorrect originating process being
utilised in the present application the Plaintiffs have to date not made any
formal application to convert the original summons into an action commenced by
way of writ. Third, the Plaintiffs did not accept the Defendant’s offer to
provide a statutory declaration to the effect that all trust documents have
already been handed over and that there are no other trust documents in his
possession, custody or control. Fourth, it will be recalled that the
Plaintiffs, as executors of Haji Hassan’s estate, have also claimed to possess
the right to enforce the terms of the Settlement Agreement against the
Defendant. In this respect, that claim is likely to be based on a breach of
contract. It is apparent that the Defendant would likely deny that there was a
breach of the Settlement Agreement. On this basis, the proceedings should have
been commenced by way of a writ action right from the beginning.

62 Furthermore, during the course of the hearing, it became apparent that the
Plaintiffs have adopted the position that a “formal” court order dictating the
handover of the trust documents was preferable, if not necessary. In other
words, the Plaintiffs were of the view that in spite of the Defendant’s
acceptance that he was bound by both the Settlement Agreement and the duties
arising out of general law to hand over the trust documents, it was preferable
that there should be a court order reinforcing the duty to hand over the
documents. In the event that the order was granted by the court, it was
suggested that the Plaintiffs may then proceed to “test” the Defendant as to
whether full disclosure and the proper handover of all trust documents had
been made. If it became apparent that there was no full disclosure or proper
hand over of the trust documents, a claim would then be considered for breach
of the Settlement Agreement and also for breach of the duty to hand over the
trust documents imposed on an outgoing trustee.

63 In my view, the Plaintiffs are applying for a court order to dictate the
handing over of the trust documents because they do not trust the Defendant
and to that end, they intend to rely on the coercive power of a court order to
compel the Defendant to properly comply with his obligations and duties,
contractual or otherwise. In fact, it must not be overlooked that the
Settlement Agreement was _not_ recorded as a consent order and the Defendant
had adopted the position that the Settlement Agreement had to be enforced by
way of an action for breach of contract. In that regard, I am of the view that
the Plaintiffs are effectively trying to convert the Settlement Agreement into
a consent order at this juncture when the Settlement Agreement, as negotiated
between the parties to S 300/2011 at that point in time, was _not_ recorded as
a consent order by the court. In my view, given the nature of the Settlement
Agreement and the allegations made by the Plaintiffs in the present
application, the proper cause of action would most likely be a breach of the
Settlement Agreement. If the Plaintiffs intend to rely on general law for the
imposition of a duty on the Defendant to hand over the trust documents, the
cause of action would likely be one for a breach of trust, in so far as the
Plaintiffs maintain the view that the Defendant has failed to hand over all
the trust documents. Both causes of action would likely involve substantial
disputes of fact.

64 For the reasons above, I decline to make an order under O 28 r 8 of the
Rules of Court for the proceedings to be continued as if it had been commenced
by writ. Instead, I am dismissing the Plaintiffs’ application in OS 1079/2013.
At this juncture, it bears noting that whilst the Court of Appeal in _Haco Far
East_ declined to make an order under O 28 r 8 of the Rules of Court, the
plaintiff was given liberty to file a fresh writ on the claim if it so wished.
Similarly, in the present application, I hereby grant the Plaintiffs liberty
to file a fresh writ on the claim if they so wish.

The further affidavit

65 For completeness, I now turn to deal with the dispute that had arisen
regarding the affidavits filed in respect of OS 1079/2013.

66 The Plaintiffs filed a total of three affidavits, set out as follows:

(a) the first affidavit, filed by the First Plaintiff on 8 November 2013;

(b) the second affidavit, filed by the Second Plaintiff on 13 November 2013;
and

(c) the third affidavit, filed jointly by the Plaintiffs on 28 February 2014.

The Defendant filed a single affidavit dated 14 December 2013.

67 The dispute between the parties concerns the third affidavit that was filed
by the Plaintiffs on 28 February 2014. This affidavit runs into some 19 pages
(excluding the exhibits) and was by way of a response to the points raised in
the Defendant’s affidavit. The exhibits included a CD-ROM setting out scanned
copies of the documents that had been handed over by the Defendant. The
contents of the CD-ROM were said to support the Plaintiffs’ allegation that
the documents handed over by the Defendant were incomplete and randomly
arranged. In fact, the Plaintiffs made the assertion in their joint affidavit
that the Defendant had deliberately arranged the documents in a manner so as
to cause maximum disruption and problems. Nevertheless, given the lack of any
detailed elaboration or particularisation of this issue, I find myself unable
to arrive at a firm determination on whether the Defendant had wilfully handed
over the trust documents in a haphazard and confusing manner.

68 The Defendant objected on the basis that the third affidavit was filed
without leave of the court, and thus should either be disregarded completely
or struck out. To this end, the Defendant has referred to O 28 r 3 of the RC,
which states that:

(1) Unless otherwise provided in any written law, where the plaintiff intends
to adduce evidence in support of an originating summons, he must do so by
affidavit and must file the affidavit or affidavits and serve a copy thereof
on every defendant _not later than 7 days after the service of the originating
summons_.

...

(4) _No further affidavit shall be received in evidence without leave of the
Court_.

[emphasis added]

The Plaintiffs, on the other hand, submitted that Senior Assistant Registrar
Yeong Zee Kin had, at a pre-trial conference on 26 November 2013, granted them
leave to file the reply affidavit.

69 At the conclusion of the hearing on 24 March 2014, I directed the parties
to submit a letter to court setting out what exactly transpired at the pre-
trial conference on 26 November 2013 and more specifically, whether the
Plaintiffs had been granted leave to file the reply affidavit.

70 Subsequently, in a letter dated 27 March 2014, the Defendant’s solicitors
confirmed that SAR Yeong had, in fact, given directions for the Plaintiffs to
file the reply affidavit by 17 January 2014. In that letter, the Defendant
also requested leave to file a further reply affidavit to address the matters
raised in the Plaintiffs’ joint affidavit, as well as some points or arguments
that came up in the course of the hearing on 24 March 2014. This included,
amongst others, the issue of whether a settlement agreement entered into by a
former trustee would bind incoming successors to that office. To this end, the
Defendant referred to the Court of Appeal decision of _Abdul Jalil bin Ahmad
bin Talib and others v A Formation Construction Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 592
in support of the proposition that the waiver agreement entered into by a
former trustee would bind the current trustees in office. I note that a formal
application by way of a summons for leave to file a further affidavit was
subsequently taken out by the Defendant on 23 April 2014.

71 In a letter dated 2 April 2014, the Plaintiffs’ solicitors acknowledged the
Defendant’s acceptance that leave was, in fact, granted for the Plaintiffs to
file their reply affidavit. It was also highlighted that the Defendant had not
applied for leave to file a further reply affidavit during the pre-trial
conference. That being so, the Plaintiffs objected to the Defendant’s request
for leave to file a further reply affidavit at this juncture.

72 I agree with the Plaintiffs that it is far too late for the Defendant to
now apply for leave to file a further reply affidavit in response to the joint
affidavit of the Plaintiffs, especially when oral arguments have already been
concluded. Such a request should have been made prior to the commencement of
the hearing on 20 March 2014 and the need for some degree of finality with
regard to the admission of evidence, whether in the form of further affidavits
or otherwise, should not be overlooked. In any event, I am also mindful of the
fact that it is generally undesirable for parties to engage in a battle of
evidence through multiple exchanges of affidavits in relation to proceedings
begun by originating summons. This also reinforces the conclusion set out at
[53] above that the proceedings should have been commenced by writ.

73 For the avoidance of doubt, it must be acknowledged that at the conclusion
of the hearing on 20 March 2014, the matter was stood down subject _only_ to
the parties’ clarification that SAR Yeong had granted leave for the Plaintiffs
to file their joint affidavit. Furthermore, it is observed that the joint
affidavit filed by the Plaintiffs was not dealt with substantively during the
hearing itself, and that many of the points raised in the affidavit were
merely amplification of matters already referred to earlier. In any event, I
am of the view that it would not be appropriate for the Defendant to make
further legal submissions on the binding effect of the Settlement Agreement by
way of a further reply affidavit.

74 For the reasons above, and taking into account the conclusion that I have
arrived at with regard to the issue of whether the action should have been
commenced by writ, I am not minded to grant leave for the Defendant to file a
further reply affidavit.

Conclusion

75 For the reasons set out above, the Plaintiffs’ application in OS 1079/2013
is dismissed. For the avoidance of doubt, the Plaintiffs are given liberty to
file a fresh writ on the claim if they so wish.

76 In the circumstances, costs are to be awarded in favour of the Defendant.
Whilst the Defendant has included in his written submissions a claim for costs
to be awarded on an indemnity basis, that matter was not addressed during the
course of the oral submissions. In any event, I am of the view that the facts
in the present application do not warrant a departure from the general
principle that costs should be awarded on a standard basis. Therefore, costs
are to be awarded in favour of the Defendant on a standard basis. Costs are to
be agreed or taxed.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents at pp 32–43.

[note: 2]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents at pp 44–48.

[note: 3]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents at pp 32, 39.

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 19 March 2014 at p 4, para 3.

[note: 5]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents at p 50.

[note: 6]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents at p 11, para 11.

[note: 7]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents at p 11, para 11.

[note: 8]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents at pp 52–53.

[note: 9]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 19 March 2014 at Annex 2.

[note: 10]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 19 March 2014 at Annex 2, pp
16–19.

[note: 11]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of D ocuments at pp 224–232.

[note: 12]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents at pp 264–265.

[note: 13]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents at pp 266–267.

[note: 14]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents at pp 268–269.

[note: 15]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents at p 270.

[note: 16]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents at pp 136–137.

[note: 17]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents at p 139.

[note: 18]Defendant’s Affidavit dated 14 December 2013 at pp 5–6, para 20.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Jun 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

