Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  CKR Contract Services Pte Ltd _v_ Asplenium Land Pte Ltd and another  
[2014] SGHC 266

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1025 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 December 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Vikram Nair, Seow Wai Peng Amy and Tan Ruo Yu (Rajah &
Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff; Chuah Chee Kian Christopher, Kua Lay
Theng, Lydia Binte Yahaya, Candy Agnes Sutedja and Lim Qian Wen Amanda
(WongPartnership LLP) for the first defendant; Tham Hsu Hsien (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  CKR Contract Services Pte Ltd — Asplenium Land Pte Ltd and
another  
  
18 December 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 The first defendant, a property developer, engaged the plaintiff as its main
contractor for the development of three blocks of residential flats at Seletar
Road, Singapore (“the Project”). Pursuant to the terms of the main contract,
the plaintiff provided a performance bond of $8,806,383.80 (_ie_ , 10% of the
total contract sum) which was issued by the second defendant, a bank.

2 Dissatisfied with the plaintiff’s performance under the contract, the first
defendant issued a notice of termination and called on the performance bond.
In response, the plaintiff brought the present application praying for an
injunction to restrain the first defendant from calling on the performance
bond on the ground that the call was unconscionable.

3 I heard the application on 11 November 2013 and reserved judgment after
hearing the parties.

Background to the dispute

4 The plaintiff began work on the Project on 21 January 2013. Under the main
contract, the scheduled completion date was 20 January 2015. The architect
named in the main contract was Mr Chan Soo Khian (“the Architect”).

5 In September 2014, the Architect issued four notices highlighting the
plaintiff’s failure to proceed diligently and its non-compliance with certain
directions issued by him.

6 On 23 October 2014, the Architect issued two termination certificates which
corresponded to the plaintiff’s failure to comply with two notices. The next
day, the first defendant issued its notice of termination to terminate the
plaintiff’s employment under the contract on the basis of the termination
certificates.

7 On 3 November 2014, the first defendant engaged a replacement contractor to
rectify existing defects and complete the outstanding work on the Project. The
contract sum was $59,941,539.26.

8 The next day, on 4 November 2014, the first defendant called on the
performance bond by issuing a letter of demand to the second defendant.

9 On 5 November 2014, Vinodh Coomaraswamy J heard the plaintiff’s _ex parte_
application for an interim injunction to restrain payment under the
performance bond. After hearing the parties, Coomaraswamy J granted the
interim injunction sought.

10 At the hearing before me, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Vikram Nair,
mentioned in the course of his arguments that arbitral proceedings to
determine the dispute between the parties have already been commenced.

The parties’ arguments

11 The plaintiff argues that the call was unconscionable because:

(a) the first defendant had no genuine need to call on the performance bond at
the time of the call;

(i) the term of the performance bond continues until 2016 and therefore the
first defendant could have waited until the conclusion of the arbitration
before calling on the bond;

(ii) the first defendant has no immediate need for funds, and the purpose of
the bond is merely to provide security for the plaintiff’s ultimate payment,
should the first defendant be successful in the arbitration;

(b) the first defendant was aware that the plaintiff would suffer irreparable
harm if the performance bond was called on; and

(c) the first defendant was aware that its purported termination of the
contract was invalid and therefore had no genuine basis for the call.

12 The plaintiff also argues that cl 3.5.8 of the preliminaries (which were
incorporated into the main contract) which attempted to prohibit the plaintiff
from seeking the present injunction on the ground of unconscionability is
unenforceable for being an attempt to oust the court’s jurisdiction.

13 The first defendant submits there was no unconscionability in its call on
the performance bond because:

(a) the performance bond was an unconditional, on-demand bond in which the
second defendant was obliged to pay the amount thereunder upon the first
defendant’s written demand; the call could have been made anytime and it was
not dependent on whether the first defendant had an immediate need for the
money secured by the bond;

(b) the amount which the first defendant has called under the performance bond
represented a reasonable assessment of damages or losses that it had incurred
or would likely to incur as a result of the plaintiff’s breaches of contract;

(c) the plaintiff’s allegations of wrongful termination do not establish
unconscionability;

(d) mere contractual breaches are insufficient to prove unconscionability; and

(e) the plaintiff has not come with clean hands and has failed to make full
and frank disclosure of material facts in its _ex parte_ application.

Issues before this court

14 Two issues arise for my consideration and they are discussed in the
following order:

(a) First, is cl 3.5.8 of the preliminaries unenforceable as being an attempt
to oust the court’s jurisdiction?

(b) Second, assuming cl 3.5.8 is unenforceable, was the first defendant’s call
on the bond unconscionable?

My decision

Is cl 3.5.8 of the preliminaries unenforceable as being an attempt to oust the
court’s jurisdiction?

15 Clause 3.5.8 of the preliminaries[note: 1] to the main contract provides:

In keeping with the intent that the performance bond is provided by the
[plaintiff] in lieu of a cash deposit, the Contractor agrees that _except in
the case of fraud_ , the Contractor shall not for any reason whatsoever be
entitled to enjoin or restrain:-

(a) the [first defendant] from making any call or demand on the performance
bond or receiving any cash proceeds under the performance bond; or

(b) the [second defendant] under the performance bond from paying any cash
proceeds under the performance bond

_on any ground including the ground of unconscionability_.

[emphasis added]

I pause to note that the preliminaries where cl 3.5.8 is found forms part of
the contract documents (see paragraph 2(d) of the letter of award)[note: 2].

16 The first defendant relies on this clause and submits that the plaintiff
can only apply for injunctive relief on the ground of fraud. The first
defendant also argues that the court should have regard to the parties’
intention and cites the District Court decision of _Scan-Bilt Pte Ltd v Umar
Abdul Hamid_ [2004] SGDC 274 (“ _Scan-Bilt_ ”) in support of its contention.

17 In _Scan-Bilt_ , the District Court considered a similar clause which was
worded in the following manner:

Except only in the clear case of fraud, the Contractor shall not be entitled
to enjoin or restrain the Employer from making any call or demand on the
performance bond or receiving monies under the performance bond, on any other
ground including the ground of unconscionability.

After reviewing the clause, the District Judge held (at [27]) that there were
no grounds to strike down the clause on account of public policy and that the
clause was clear and unequivocal in its intent. The District Judge also
observed that the parties dealt at arm’s length and that there was no reason
not to give full effect to the clause. In addition, the District Judge “felt
that justice required that the parties be held to the terms of the bargain
which they had struck” (at [29]).

18 With respect, I am unable to agree with the reasoning or conclusion of the
District Judge in _Scan-Built_ for the following reasons.

19 First, giving effect to cl 3.5.8 would severely curtail the court’s
jurisdiction and discretion to grant an injunction and would therefore be
contrary to public policy. In _AV Asia Sdn Bhd v Measat Broadcast Network
Systems Sdn Bhd_ [2014] 3 MLJ 61 (“ _AV Asia_ ”), cl 15 of a non-disclosure
agreement entered into by parties provided that the appropriate remedy for a
breach of the respondent’s duty of non-disclosure would be injunctive relief
instead of monetary damages. The Federal Court of Malaysia held (at [11]) that
the existence of cl 15 did not _ipso facto_ entitle the appellant to
injunctive relief. The court also held that the clause did not fetter the
jurisdiction and the discretion of a court of law to decide whether to grant
such relief. It was further observed (at [16]) that:

… A court is free to exercise its jurisdiction and ultimately the discretion
whether to grant or to dismiss an application for injunctive relief
notwithstanding the attempts by the parties to a contract to oust that
jurisdiction and discretion.

20 While I acknowledge that the clause in _AV Asia_ is somewhat different from
cl 3.5.8, the general principle expressed in _AV Asia_ is relevant here
because cl 3.5.8 is similarly an attempt to oust the jurisdiction of the court
to grant an injunction on the important ground of unconscionability. The
importance of unconscionability as a ground to seek an injunction against the
call on a performance bond can be seen from a brief survey of the authorities.
It is apparent from the authorities that the ground of unconscionability is
the primary port of call used by parties seeking an injunction to restrain the
calling of a performance bond (see, for a few examples, _Tech-System Design &
Contract (S) Pte Ltd v WYWY Investments Pte Ltd_ [2014] 2 SLR 1309 (“ _Tech-
System Design v WYWY Investments_ ”); _BS Mount Sophia Pte Ltd v Join-Aim Pte
Ltd_ [2012] 3 SLR 352 (“ _BS Mount Sophia v Join-Aim_ ”); _Anwar Siraj and
another v Teo Hee Lai Building Construction Pte Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 394;
_Eltraco International Pte Ltd v CGH Development Pte Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 198
(“ _Eltraco v CGH Development_ ”)). Therefore, in my judgment, cl 3.5.8 is an
attempt to oust the court’s jurisdiction on the significant ground of
unconscionability and represents a severe incursion on the court’s freedom to
grant injunctive relief.

21 Second, it should be borne in mind that the court’s power to grant
injunctions flows from its equitable jurisdiction and this cannot be
circumscribed or curtailed by clauses in a contract. Further elaboration on
this inherent power of the courts can be found in the following passage from
Ian C F Spry, _The Principles of Equitable Remedies_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed,
2014) at p 333:

The granting of injunctions has long fallen within the inherent powers of
courts of equity. Indeed, it has proved to be the most important of those
powers, both because it has enabled the position of courts of equity to be
maintained as against courts of law and also because _the concern of equity
with the conscionability of particular behaviour of the defendant led to a
need for a remedy_ consisting in a personal direction to him requiring him to
abstain from an unconscionable setting up of rights at law or from the
performance of other specified acts. …

_The powers of the courts with equitable jurisdiction to grant injunctions
are, subject to any relevant statutory restrictions, unlimited_. …

[emphasis added]

Similar sentiments were expressed by the Court of Appeal in _JBE Properties
Pte Ltd v Gammon Pte Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR 47 where the equitable nature of an
injunction was highlighted at [13]:

… The juridical basis for adopting unconscionability as a relevant ground
(separate from and independent of fraud) lies in the equitable nature of the
injunction. Considerations of conscionability are applicable in relation to
the use of the injunction in other areas of the law, and there is no reason
why these considerations should not be applied for the purposes of determining
whether a call on a performance bond should be restrained so as to achieve a
fair balance between the interests of the beneficiary and those of the
obligor.

22 Third, there are important policy considerations underpinning the doctrine
of unconscionability in this area of law which cannot be lightly brushed aside
by an agreement made by parties. Although counsel for the plaintiff is correct
in arguing that cl 3.5.8 is not a total ouster of jurisdiction and that the
effect of this partial ouster seems to bring us back to the English position
on this issue, the plaintiff’s argument fails to consider the conscious choice
made by our courts in moving _away_ from the English position and the policy
considerations involved in making that decision.

23 In clarifying that fraud was not the sole ground for restraining a call on
a performance bond, the Court of Appeal in _GHL Pte Ltd v Unitrack Building
Construction Pte Ltd and another_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 44 acknowledged at [24] that
performance bonds were frequently used by parties who dealt at arm’s length in
the construction industry and that the courts should give effect to the
intention of parties. However, the court made it clear that it was also
concerned with a beneficiary’s unconscionable conduct in relation to the
calling of the bond:

… _We are concerned with abusive calls on the bonds_. It should not be
forgotten that a performance bond can operate as an _oppressive instrument_ ,
and in the event that a beneficiary calls on the bond in circumstances, where
there is _prima facie_ evidence of fraud or unconscionability, _the court
should step in to intervene at the interlocutory stage until the whole of the
circumstances of the case has been investigated_. It should also not be
forgotten that a performance bond is basically a security for the performance
of the main contract, and as such we see no reason, in principle, why it
should be so sacrosanct and inviolate as not to be subject to the court’s
intervention except on the ground of fraud. …

[emphasis added]

24 The recognition of the ground of unconscionability was undoubtedly a
considered and deliberate decision by our courts in striking a balance between
the principle of party autonomy and the court’s concern in regulating
dishonest and unconscionable behaviour on the part of beneficiaries (see _BS
Mount Sophia v Join-Aim_ at [30]–[46]).

25 Having regard to the clear statements in _BS Mount Sophia v Join-Aim_ and
the other authorities cited to me, I reach the inescapable conclusion that the
courts are, on policy grounds, concerned with scrutinising possible
unconscionable conduct in the context of performance bonds and this
supervisory role cannot, in my judgment, be summarily displaced by an
agreement between the parties as found in cl 3.5.8.

26 For the above reasons, I think that clause 3.5.8 is an ouster of the
jurisdiction of the court and is therefore void and unenforceable as being
contradictory to public policy.

Was the first defendant’s call on the bond unconscionable?

27 Since cl 3.5.8 is unenforceable, I turn to consider whether the first
defendant’s call on the performance bond was unconscionable. Before I embark
on an analysis of the facts, it is apposite to summarise the key principles
that should be applied in determining whether the call was unconscionable:

(a) Unconscionability includes elements of abuse, unfairness and dishonesty
and the applicant has to establish a strong _prima facie_ case of
unconscionability (_BS Mount Sophia v Join-Aim_ at [19]–[21]).

(b) Unfairness _per se_ does not necessarily amount to unconscionability
although in every instance of unconscionability there will be an element of
unfairness (_Eltraco v CGH Development_ at [30]).

(c) The existence of genuine disputes does not necessarily mean that the call
is unconscionable; mere breaches of contract would not by themselves be
unconscionable (_Eltraco v CGH Development_ at [31]–[32]; _Astrata (Singapore)
Pte Ltd v Tridex Technologies Pte Ltd and another and other matters_ [2011] 1
SLR 449 at [73]).

28 The plaintiff raises a number of assertions in its attempt to demonstrate
that the call was unconscionable. The plaintiff first argues that the first
defendant had no genuine lack of funds and that there had been an error in the
sum demanded. According to the plaintiff, the replacement contract sum of $59m
is also “unbelievable” and should have been about $45m instead.

29 Having considered the evidence before me, I am unable to accept the
arguments made on behalf of the plaintiff. The plaintiff is effectively
asserting that the first defendant had to show some degree of impecuniosity as
a pre-condition to calling on the performance bonds. This assertion is
untenable because the bond here is an on-demand performance bond which plainly
did not have such a requirement.

30 As for the error in the sum demanded, it appears that the amount demanded
at the point of the call should have been $7,697,687.51 as admitted by counsel
for the first defendant at the hearing before me. I do not regard this
calculation error as an indication of unconscionability or bad faith and the
plaintiff does not appear to be taking such a position on this particular
point.

31 In relation to the replacement contract price, the first defendant explains
that the contract price includes the costs for completing the original
contractor’s unfinished works and rectification of defects. The replacement
contractor, so the explanation goes, also has to work within a shorter time
frame as compared to the original contractor. To my mind, I am unable to
discern from these explanations any unconscionable conduct on the part of the
first defendant in connection with the award and execution of the replacement
contract.

32 The plaintiff also contends that the first defendant was aware that the
plaintiff would suffer irreparable harm when the performance bond is called.
The call would allegedly have a severe impact on the plaintiff’s cash flow and
asset management. This contention is unmeritorious. It has been held in _Tech-
System Design v WYWY Investments_ (at [39]) that “[a] beneficiary should not
be prevented from calling on a bond simply because this resulted in hardship
to the obligor.” The focus of the inquiry here is on the beneficiary’s alleged
unconscionable conduct and not the purported effect of financial hardship that
it may have on the obligor which does not, without more, establish a strong
_prima facie_ case of unconscionability.

33 The plaintiff’s final set of contentions pertains to the termination of the
contract and whether the first defendant had validly terminated the contract.
In my view, these were genuine disputes over the instances of breach alleged
by the first defendant that do not amount to a strong _prima facie_ case of
unconscionability. In this regard, there had been a number of Architect’s
Directions issued to the plaintiff for, _inter alia_ , defective works and
they suggested, on a _prima facie_ level at least, that there were possible
breaches of the main contract. There is also some dispute over the
construction and quality of the brick walls in the Project but these disputes,
to my mind, were genuine disputes and I am unable to find any basis for
concluding that the first defendant had behaved unconscionably.

34 In the round, I do not think that the plaintiff has managed to establish a
strong _prima facie_ case of unconscionability. The plaintiff has attempted to
impute bad faith, unfairness and ill-will to the first defendant’s actions but
there is, upon further examination, little substantiation or basis for its
assertions.

35 Before I conclude, I should emphasise that I was not concerned with the
merits of the parties’ dispute which encompasses issues of wrongful
termination and the quality of the plaintiff’s construction work. These issues
will be aired and determined in the arbitration proceedings by the arbitral
tribunal. This court is simply not the proper forum for the determination of
those issues. Therefore, the arguments canvassed in support of them were
irrelevant for the purposes of the present application to the extent that they
did not speak to the issue of whether the call was unconscionable.

Conclusion

36 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the first defendant is entitled to
call on the performance bond. In view of the first defendant’s admission that
only $7,697,687.51 is liable to be called on the bond, I hold that the call
will be limited to $7,697,687.51.

37 I award the first and second defendants costs to be agreed or taxed.

* * *

[note: 1]Sia Wee Long’s affidavit dated 10 November 2014, Exhibit SWL-2, p
141.

[note: 2]Sia Wee Long’s affidavit dated 10 November 2014, Exhibit SWL-2, p 51.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Dec 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

