Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd _v_ Chin Ivan  
[2014] SGHC 137

Case Number| :| Suit No 180 of 2014(Registrar's Appeal No 124 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 July 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  John Chung and Priscylia Wu (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for
the plaintiff/appellant; Joseph Lee, Tan Yee Siong and Ross Tan (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) defendant/respondent.  
Parties| :|  H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd — Chin Ivan  
  
10 July 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the Assistant Registrar to grant a
stay of proceedings pursuant to s 6 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev
Ed).

2 The plaintiff/appellant, H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd (“the
Plaintiff”), was the main contractor for the construction of two detached
houses on two lots of land located at Sentosa Cove, Singapore. The
defendant/respondent, Ivan Chin (“the Defendant”), had employed the Plaintiff
under a building contract dated 5 May 2009 (“the Contract”) for a sum of
$8,000,000.

3 The Contract incorporated the Singapore Institute of Architects Articles and
Conditions of Building Contract (Lump Sum Contract) 7th Edition, April 2005
(“the SIA Conditions”). Under the SIA Conditions, the Plaintiff was entitled
to progress payments by way of periodic valuation of works carried out which
were certified by the architect appointed for the project.[note: 1] The
architect appointed for the project was Philip Lee Pang Kee (“the Architect”),
and the quantity surveyor was Turner & Townsend Pte Ltd (“the Quantity
Surveyor”).[note: 2]

4 On 11 July 2012, the Architect issued two Architect’s Instructions
(AI/131/HP/019 and AI/132/HP/019) (“the AIs”), one for each parcel of land.
The AIs approved a number of items on the Plaintiff’s list of proposed
variation works, including the items numbered 173, 174, 280 and 281 (“the
Disputed Items”). These Disputed Items related to claims for: [note: 3]

(a) Preliminaries for an alleged extension of time granted to the Plaintiff to
complete the project (“the Extended Preliminaries”); and

(b) An alleged extension of the Defects Liability Period.

5 Subsequently, the Plaintiff raised Payment Claim No 32 claiming for a sum of
$1,171,646.37 pertaining to work done on the project up to 28 September
2012.[note: 4] Of that sum, the amount of $614,375 related to the Disputed
Items.[note: 5] The Quantity Surveyor provided an interim valuation of
$120,000 for the Extended Preliminaries claims .[note: 6] The Quantity
Surveyor did not provide an interim valuation for the extension of the Defects
Liability Period claims.[note: 7] The Architect then certified the Quantity
Surveyor’s interim valuation in Progress Certificate No 32 which amounted to
the sum of $321,383.94,[note: 8] for which the due date of payment was 10
December 2012.[note: 9]

6 Close to a year later, on 26 September 2013, the Plaintiff raised its final
payment claim for the sum of $720,417.29. This claim also contained the
Disputed Items.[note: 10] The Quantity Surveyor valued the Disputed Items at
$334,000 (this time including the extension of Defects Liability Period
claim).[note: 11] Subsequently, the Architect certified the Quantity
Surveyor’s valuation in Final Certificate No 33 dated 27 September 2013 for
the sum of $720,417.28,[note: 12] for which the due date of payment was 5
November 2013.[note: 13]

7 However, despite repeated requests, the Defendant did not pay the sum
amounting to $1,041,801.22 (“the Outstanding Certified Sum”) which is the
total sum that the Architect had certified as being due from the Defendant to
the Plaintiff under Progress Certificate No 32 and Final Certificate No
33.[note: 14]

8 The Defendant refused to pay the said sums for various reasons, including
the allegation that the works carried out by the Plaintiff were defective and
should not have been certified by the Architect in the first place. The
Defendant also alleged that he had a counterclaim for loss of rental,
liquidated damages and rectification works that had to be carried out by third
parties.[note: 15]

9 On 29 October 2013, the Plaintiff referred the dispute for adjudication
under the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOP Act”) for the Outstanding Certified Sum, but the
adjudicator dismissed the Plaintiff’s claims for ignoring or failing to
recognise the timelines for the Defendant’s payment response as stipulated
under the SIA Conditions.[note: 16] The Defendant alleged that it was only
when the Plaintiff commenced adjudication proceedings against him that he was
served a copy of the Plaintiff’s final payment claim.[note: 17]

10 Subsequently, on 13 February 2014, the Plaintiff brought Suit No 180 of
2014 against the Defendant claiming for the Outstanding Certified Sum, as well
as interest amounting to $30,700.34.[note: 18]

11 In response, on 7 March 2014, the Defendant applied, _inter alia_ , for a
stay of proceedings under s 6 of the Arbitration Act. However, at the hearing
before the Assistant Registrar on 28 March 2014, the Defendant’s basis for the
stay was premised on a fresh allegation that the Certificates had been
procured by fraud.[note: 19]

12 The Defendant’s allegation of fraud was primarily premised on a letter
dated 21 March 2014 from the Architect replying to the Defendant’s queries as
to why he had to pay for the Disputed Items (“the Letter”). The Architect’s
response was, in substance, as follows:[note: 20]

(a) It was the Plaintiff who represented to the Architect in or about the
middle of 2012 that the Defendant had agreed to various proposed variations
for which no Architect’s Instructions had been issued, and those included the
Disputed Items.

(b) As the Architect was no longer in regular contact with the Defendant, the
Architect relied on the Plaintiff’s representation of the Defendant’s alleged
consent. He also relied on the fact that the Defendant’s project manager did
not give him any feedback on the matter, because project manager, as the
Defendant’s representative, would have informed the Architect if there was any
discrepancy.

(c) He left the valuation of the claims to the Quantity Surveyor, as he had
stated in the AIs, and simply certified as the Quantity Surveyor recommended.
The AIs had the following footnote:[note: 21]

As informed by HP Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd, the above items covered
are requested by Owner/ID Axis and to be verified by QS Towner and Turner.

(d) He was not aware that the Defendant had in fact not agreed to the
Plaintiff’s claim for Extended Preliminaries until the Defendant subsequently
informed him of this.

13 In summary, the Defendant’s case before the Assistant Registrar was that
the Plaintiff had misrepresented to the Architect that the Defendant had
agreed to, _inter alia_ , the Disputed Items as variation works, when he had
not given such consent (“the Alleged Misrepresentations”). He also alleged
that the Architect had relied on the Alleged Misrepresentations when he issued
the AIs, retrospectively approving the Disputed Items and other claims as
variations to the Contract.

14 In his 3rd affidavit, the Plaintiff’s managing director, Mr Seah Hwa Peng,
denied making the Alleged Misrepresentations to the Architect.[note: 22] It
was also confirmed at the hearing before the Assistant Registrar that there
was no such agreement between the parties.[note: 23]

15 After hearing the parties, the Assistant Registrar granted the stay sought
on the basis that there appeared to be a _bona fide_ dispute as to whether any
fraudulent misrepresentations were made to the Architect which resulted in the
issuance of the Certificates. The Assistant Registrar also ordered that the
Plaintiff pay the Defendant costs of $1,500 plus reasonable
disbursements.[note: 24]

16 The Plaintiff filed a Notice of Appeal on 10 April 2014.

Clauses of the Contract

17 In the present proceedings, it is clear that unless the Defendant is able
to show that the validity of the Certificates is in dispute, no stay of
proceedings can be granted in respect of the Plaintiff’s claim, which is based
on the Certificates. The reason for this is because Certificates issued by the
Architect under the Contract enjoy “temporary finality” pursuant to cl 31(13)
of the SIA Conditions, which states:

No certificate of the Architect under this Contract shall be final and binding
in any dispute between the Employer and the Contractor, whether before an
arbitrator or in the Courts, save only that, _in the absence of fraud or
improper pressure or interference by either party_ , full effect by way of
Summary Judgment or Interim Award or otherwise shall, _in the absence of
express provision_ , be given to all decisions and certificates of the
Architect (other than a Cost of Termination Certificate or a Termination Delay
Certificate under clause 32(8) of these Conditions), whether for payment or
otherwise, until final judgment or award, as the case may be, and until such
final judgment or award such decision or certificates shall (_save as
aforesaid_ and subject to sub-clause (6) of this condition) be binding on the
Employer and the Contractor in relation to any matter which, under the terms
of the Contract, the Architect has a fact taken into account or allowed or
disallowed, or any disputed matter upon which under the terms of the Contract
he has as a fact ruled, in his certificates or otherwise. _The Architect shall
in all matters certify strictly in accordance with the terms of the Contract_.
In any case of doubt the Architect shall, at the request of either party,
state in writing within 28 days whether he has as a fact taken account of or
allowed or disallowed or ruled upon any matter in his certificates, if so
identifying any certificate and indicating the amount (if any) taken into
account or allowed or disallowed, or the nature of any ruling made by him, as
the case may be. [emphasis added]

18 In other words, under cl 31(13) of the SIA Conditions, no certificate of
the architect shall bind the employer and contractor permanently. However,
architect’s certificates do have temporary effect, for they bind the parties
in the interim period pending final determination of the dispute by
arbitration or court proceedings. In the meantime, architect’s certificates
may be enforced by way of summary judgment or interim award—unless there is
fraud, improper pressure or interference by either party, or an express
provision stipulating otherwise. As explained by L P Thean J in _Tropicon
Contractors Pte Ltd v Lojan Properties Pte Ltd_ [1989] 1 SLR(R) 591 (“ _Lojan
Properties (HC)_ ”) at [15] (in reference to an equivalent provision under a
previous edition of the SIA Conditions of Contract):

… In so far as interim certificates of payment are concerned, it seems to me
that the intention of this clause is tolerably clear. It is intended that the
contractor be paid the amounts expressed to be payable in the interim
certificates, and if no payment is made by the employer it is intended to
enable the contractor in the absence of fraud, improper pressure or
interference or in the absence of express provisions, to obtain quick summary
judgment for the amounts certified as due. In so far as any sum claimed by the
employer is concerned, only the amounts expressly deductible under the
contract may be set off against the amount due under the interim certificate.

19 An architect’s certificate under the SIA Conditions is also invalid if it
is not issued in strict compliance with the contract (see _Lojan Properties
(HC)_ at [13]; see also _Lojan Properties Pte Ltd v Tropicon Contractors Pte
Ltd_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 622 (“ _Lojan Properties (CA)_ ”) at [9]).

20 Nevertheless, it seems clear (and is not disputed) that the question of
whether the Certificates _themselves_ should enjoy temporary finality in the
first place is itself an issue that fell within the arbitration clause in the
Contract, _ie_ , cl 37(1) of the SIA Conditions, which provides as
follows[note: 25]:

_Any dispute between the Employer and the Contractor as to any matter arising
under or out of or in connection with this Contract or under or out of or in
connection with the carrying out of the Works and whether in contract or tort,
or as to any direction or instruction or_ **_certificate of the architect_**
_or as to the contents of or granting or refusal of or reasons for any such
direction instruction or certificate_ **_shall be referred to arbitration_**
and final decision of a person to be agreed by the parties or, failing
agreement within 28 days of either party giving written notice requiring
arbitration to the other, a person to be appointed on the written request of
either party by or on behalf of the President or Vice-President for the time
being of the SIA or, failing such appointment within 28 days of receipt of
such written request, together with such information or particulars of the
dispute as may be requested in writing by the President or Vice-President for
the time being of the SIA, such persons as may be appointed by the Courts.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The parties’ positions

21 The Defendant argued that the Certificates were improperly issued and
therefore do not enjoy temporary finality. In brief, its contentions were
that:

(a) The Certificates were procured through the fraudulent representation by
the Plaintiff to the Architect that the Defendant had agreed to certain
variation orders when in fact there was no such agreement;[note: 26]

(b) When approving these variation orders, the architect did not objectively
evaluate these orders, relying entirely instead on the Alleged
Misrepresentations;[note: 27] and

(c) The Certificates were based on the AIs which were not issued strictly in
accordance with the terms of the Contract and therefore the Certificates are
similarly infected.[note: 28]

22 Further, the Defendant submitted that the standard of proof in a stay
application under the SIA Conditions is that the party applying for a stay
only needs to establish on a _prima facie_ basis that there is a _bona fide_
dispute. The court does not need to be satisfied on a balance of probabilities
that fraud has been proved and/or that the Architect has abdicated his
responsibilities.[note: 29]

23 The Plaintiff, on the other hand, argued that under s 6 of the Arbitration
Act, the court does not automatically grant a stay once a semblance of a
dispute arises. With regard to the exception of fraud, the court should
consider if the Defendant has made out an _arguable case_ that the
Certificates were procured by fraud in deciding if it should grant a
stay.[note: 30]

24 As for the Defendant’s allegations that the Architect had not acted
properly, the Plaintiff submitted that the Defendant’s allegations are
groundless[note: 31] because the Architect had acted within his certifying
powers[note: 32] and had clearly applied his mind when evaluating the amounts
to be accorded to each and every claim for the Extended Preliminaries.[note:
33]

25 Finally, in the event that the court was minded to grant a stay, the
Plaintiff submitted in the alternative that only a partial stay should be
granted as only part of the claim was actually disputed.[note: 34]

Standard of proof required to obtain a stay of proceedings in favour of
arbitration on the basis that the Certificates were obtained by fraud

26 The first issue before me is whether the party applying for a stay of
proceedings in favour of arbitration on the basis that a certificate issued by
the Architect under the SIA Conditions is affected by fraud has to establish
that there was a _bona fide_ dispute on a _prima facie_ basis, or whether a
higher standard of proof is required. As it appears that there have been no
decided cases in the Singapore High Court where an allegation of fraud has
been raised as a ground for such a stay, it behoves me to examine the issue in
greater detail.

27 First of all, I recognise that “temporary finality” under the SIA
Conditions serves an important purpose in ensuring that contractors are paid
on time. Contractors faced the problem of being kept out of their monies for
extended periods of time by unscrupulous employers invoking technical grounds
to avoid payment. The concept of temporary finality was introduced to deal
with this (see Chow Kok Fong, _The Law and Practice of Construction Contracts_
vol 2 (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 4th Ed, 2012) (“Chow”) at para 21.14).

28 As explained by Warren L H Khoo J in _Aoki Corp v Lippoland (Singapore) Pte
Ltd_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 314 (“ _Aoki Corporation_ ”) at [36]:

… Progress payments are the lifeline of a building contractor's business. The
object of giving interim payment certificates temporary finality is to enable
the contractor to be paid during the progress of the works so as to minimise
cash flow problems. …

29 The importance of progress payments to contractors cannot be understated in
an industry beset by cashflow problems. More recently in _W Y Steel
Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 380, the Court of Appeal
considered the purpose underlying temporary finality in the context of the
statutory adjudication regime for progress payments under the SOP Act.
Sundaresh Menon CJ, in delivering the decision of the Court of Appeal, said at
[18] and [20]:

18 … It has often been said that cash flow is the life blood of those in the
building and construction industry. If contractors and sub-contractors are not
paid timeously for work done or materials supplied, the progress of
construction work will almost inevitably be disrupted. Moreover, there is a
not insignificant risk of financial distress and insolvency arising as a
result. …

…

20 … The appeal of this philosophy is apparent: payments, and therefore cash
flow, should not be held up by counterclaims and claims for set-offs that may
prove to be specious at the end of lengthy and expensive proceedings that have
to be undertaken in order to disentangle the knot of disputed claims and
cross-claims. …

30 In other words, temporary finality embodies the concept of “pay first,
argue later”, and as the Plaintiff had rightly pointed out, the underlying
objective of minimising cash flow problems should not be easily defeated by
“bare assertions” of fraud.[note: 35] I would however also note that, although
temporary finality is intended to protect the cash position of contractors,
both contractor and employer may rely on it under the SIA Conditions. One
example is where an employer is seeking to recover sums from the contractor
pursuant to a certificate to enable the employer to recover a sum which
represents any over-certification by the architect (see Chow at 21.423).

31 However, the concept of temporary finality can be misused as a shield for
excesses or abuses of power. The exceptions of fraud, improper pressure or
interference by either party therefore act as a safeguard against such
possible misuses (see Eugenie Lip and Choy Chee Yean, _Contract Administration
Guide To the SIA Conditions of Building Contract_ (LexisNexis Singapore, 2nd
Ed, 2009) at para 2.193).

32 With the above in mind, I now turn to the standard of proof that the
Defendant is required to show in order to obtain a stay of proceedings. The
key case relied on by the Defendant is _Anwar Siraj and another v Teo Hee Lai
Building Construction Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 500 (“ _Anwar Siraj_ ”), where
it was held that a stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration would be
granted if the defendant could show that there was _prima facie_ a _bona fide_
dispute as to whether there was improper pressure or interference (these being
the other exceptions under cl 31(13)).

33 In _Anwar Siraj_ , the plaintiff landowner sued the defendant contractor
for the recovery of a sum of money after the architect for the project in that
case issued an interim certificate which reduced the value of the defendant’s
work by that sum. The contract between the parties had incorporated the 6th
Edition of the SIA Conditions. The question was whether the plaintiff
landowner’s claim was indisputable so that the court had the jurisdiction to
decide the claim despite the arbitration agreement. One of the issues the
court had to decide was whether the interim certificate was issued under
improper pressure or interference by the plaintiff. The defendant’s argument
that such was the case was based on the fact that the certificate had been
issued only after a long delay without any reasonable explanation and that the
certificate had drastically reduced the architect’s valuation of the work done
in a previous certificate without any explanation as to the nature and quantum
of the revisions made. There was also no explanation why the architect in that
case had not used the SIA model revision certificate. The architect had also
ignored letters from the defendant asking for an explanation (see [34] and
[35]). Andrew Ang J held at [36]:

In these circumstances, it is not easy to dismiss out of hand as being in bad
faith the defendant's allegation that interim certificate no 13 was issued by
the architect under improper pressure or interference by the plaintiffs. Nor
do I have to make a finding on the merits that there was indeed improper
pressure or interference by the plaintiffs. It suffices for me to say that
_prima facie_ there is a _bona fide_ dispute whether there was improper
pressure or interference.

34 Moreover, the learned judge also stated that it was inappropriate for him
“in an appeal on a stay application to embark on an examination of the merits
of the parties’ respective positions as though it were an application for
summary judgment” (at [42]).

35 The Plaintiff’s counsel, Mr John Chung, sought to distinguish _Anwar Siraj_
on the basis that when fraud is alleged _vis-à-vis_ the architect’s
certificate, a party applying for a stay of proceedings would have to meet a
higher threshold than that in cases involving improper pressure and
interference. Instead, the applicable test was whether the Defendant had made
out an _arguable case_ that the Certificates were procured by fraud in
deciding whether to grant a stay. In support of this contention, counsel cited
the case of _Multiplex Construction Pty Ltd v Sintal Enterprise Pte Ltd_
[2005] 2 SLR(R) 530 (_“Multiplex Construction_ ”).[note: 36]

36 His argument was as follows. Fraud has serious implications and cogent
evidence is required before the court will be satisfied that an allegation of
fraud is established (citing _Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito and another
and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 308 at [161]). This means that the arbitral
tribunal would not approach the Defendant’s allegations of fraud lightly and
it is likely that the Certificates will be upheld as valid. He drew an analogy
with the high standard of proof required to obtain injunctions to restrain
calls on performance bonds where it must be shown that it is seriously
arguable that, on the material available, the only realistic inference is that
the beneficiary could not honestly have believed in the validity of its
demands on the performance bonds (_Shanghai Electric Group Co Ltd v PT Merak
Energi Indonesia and another_ [2010] 2 SLR 329 at [36]-[37]). Based on this
analogy, he submitted that the Defendant must show that, even if the
Plaintiffs had knowingly made the Alleged Misrepresentations, he would also
have to show that the alleged representations had tainted the certification
process such that the Plaintiff could not honestly have believed in the
validity of the Certificates. Mr Chung argued that such evidence of fraud must
be clear, both as to the fact of fraud and as to the Plaintiff’s
knowledge.[note: 37]

37 With respect to the first argument that fraud is a serious allegation, I do
not think that it necessarily requires that there should be a different
standard of proof to obtain a stay in favour of arbitration.

38 As for the comparison between obtaining a stay of proceedings in favour of
arbitration on architect’s certificates and obtaining an interlocutory
injunction to restrain calls on performance bonds on the ground of fraud,
there are superficial similarities in that the effect of both is to delay the
receipt of moneys to the respective beneficiaries of the documents until the
substantial issues can be resolved. However, the analogy should not be taken
too far. Architect’s certificates are not intended to be security. Unlike a
performance bond, an obligation to pay on an architect’s certificate is not
independent from the underlying contract. Finally, and most importantly, there
are also crucial doctrinal differences between obtaining injunctive relief and
obtaining a stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration and the principles
applicable to each should not be conflated.

39 I should however address an interesting argument raised by Mr Chung at the
hearing before me. He said that it was only the _employer_ , as the
architect’s paymaster, who would be able to exert improper pressure and
interference on the latter, and in this sense the lower threshold is
justifiable since it would be less offensive towards the concept of temporary
finality. On the other hand, the employer should not so easily avoid having to
pay first by simply raising the allegation of fraud against the contractor. I
do not agree with this argument. Cl 31(13) of the SIA Conditions plainly
states that the exceptions relate to fraud, improper pressure or interference
_by either party_. Moreover, it is always possible for a contractor to allege
fraud against the employer. It is conceptually difficult to justify why the
threshold for obtaining a stay based on fraud should be substantially
different from the other exceptions.

40 In my view, there is no reason why a different standard of proof should
apply to the exceptions of fraud, improper pressure or interference in the
context of cl 31(13).

41 Finally, the Defendant’s counsel, Mr Joseph Lee, argued that there was
actually no real difference between the test in _Multiplex Construction_ and
that in _Anwar Siraj_. I think this is correct. Both _Anwar Siraj_ and
_Multiplex Construction_ had cited with approval the observation in _Uni-
Navigation Pte Ltd v Wei Loong Shipping Pte Ltd_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 595 (at [17])
that when a defendant “makes out a _prima facie_ case of disputes the courts
should not embark on an examination of the validity of the dispute as though
it were an application for summary judgment”. (_Multiplex Construction_ at
[6]; _Anwar Siraj_ at [20]). If a claim is plainly unarguable, I do not think
it can be considered a _prima facie_ case of _bona fide_ dispute.

42 Therefore, I agree with the Defendant that he only had to establish a
_prima facie_ dispute. However, I would add that there should be some
_credible evidence_ of fraud, and mere allegations are insufficient (see
_Samsung Corp v Chinese Chamber Realty Pte Ltd and others_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 382
(“ _Samsung Corp_ ”) at [25]).

43 In _Samsung Corp_ , the Court of Appeal had noted that, in the past,
applications for summary judgment under O 14 of the Rules of Court were often
heard together with a stay application, as the issues were interlinked (at
[22]). However, while the Court of Appeal recognised the policy importance of
temporary finality, it nevertheless found that, after O 14 r 1 was amended
such that an application for summary judgment could only be made after the
filing of a defence, it was no longer possible for a stay application to be
heard at the same time as a summary judgment application (at [21]–[23]). The
Court of Appeal found that it “made absolute sense” that the question of stay
should be determined before any further step is taken by either party in the
action, especially in the context of s 6(1) of the Arbitration Act which
expressly provides that either party must apply for a stay before delivering
any pleading or taking any other step in the proceedings (at [7]).

44 However, the Court of Appeal also noted that, if a stay was not granted,
the plaintiff would more likely than not be entitled to summary judgment. The
interplay between the application for a stay and summary judgment was stated
in _Samsung Corp_ at [22] and [25]:

22 It is quite apparent that implicit in the provision of cl 31(11), that
interim certificates be honoured notwithstanding any dispute, is the
recognition that in the building industry cash flow is vital. It is thus
understandable why under the previous O 14 r 1, the O 14 application was heard
together with the stay application as the two applications were invariably
inter-linked. **While the issues or tests may not be identical in the context
of an SIA contract, if the defendant should fail in their stay application,
the plaintiff would in all probability succeed in the O 14 application.**

…

25 In any case, in the context of cll 31(11) and 37(3) of the SIA contract, if
the defendant should fail to show by credible evidence that there is fraud or
undue pressure being brought to bear upon the Architect, and here we must add
that mere assertion would not be good enough (see _RB Burden Ltd v Swansea
Corporation_ [1957] 3 All ER 243 and _Hickman & Co v Roberts_ [1913] AC 229),
then the stay application is likely to fail. **In that circumstance, it would
be hard to imagine what further arguments could be raised by the defendant to
resist an O 14 application for summary judgment.** A sensible defendant, upon
failing to secure a stay, would have paid up and chosen to contest later
before the arbitrator. He would not be likely to throw good money after bad.
**While we recognise that not hearing the two applications together could
conceivably give rise to inconsistent judgments, in the context of the SIA
contract, that is more apparent than real.**

[emphasis added in bold]

45 After all, if the Plaintiff could show that its claim was indisputable, or
that there was no genuine dispute, it was improbable that the Defendant could
succeed in showing that he had an arguable defence that ought to be resolved
at trial. However, it seemed to me that the converse was not necessarily true.
Even if a stay of proceedings was granted, it may still be open for the
Plaintiff to apply to the arbitral tribunal for an interim award.

Whether _prima facie_ there was _bona fide_ dispute whether there was fraud

46 The Plaintiff submitted that the Defendant’s allegation of fraud is not
_bona fide_ but is in fact an afterthought.[note: 38] He noted that the
Defendant could have queried the Architect or challenged the AIs and
Certificates earlier. The Defendant could also have asked the Architect to
revise the Certificates. The Letter was “obviously issued at the [Defendant’s]
insistence” by the Architect after these proceedings were commenced and that
little or no weight should be placed on the Letter because it was procured
solely for the purpose of raising questions as to whether the Certificates had
allegedly been fraudulently procured. Moreover, the Certificates were issued
in accordance with a rigorous certification process and any claims which were
not in accordance with the Contract or not agreed to by the Defendant would
have been caught either by the Quantity Surveyor or the Architect. Despite
numerous opportunities to do so, fraud was only raised by the Defendant in the
Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit on 25 March 2014.[note: 39]

47 The Defendant pointed out that the Architect’s assertion that the Plaintiff
had made certain representations to him was corroborated by contemporaneous
evidence, _ie_ , the AIs. Moreover, the Letter was fair and did not toe the
Defendant’s line (indeed, I note the Defendant has made serious allegations
against the Architect as well). As for why the Defendant did nothing earlier,
it was because the Defendant did not know about the AIs at all. The reason why
the Defendant had not alleged fraud earlier was because he only knew of the
fraud after the Architect gave his reasons.[note: 40]

48 There was clearly a great deal of disagreement over the evidence. This was
a situation where the Architect’s evidence and the Plaintiff’s Mr Seah’s
evidence were in direct contradiction. Something seemed to have gone wrong
somewhere. The question, then, was whether the Architect was telling the truth
or whether Mr Seah was telling the truth. Assuming that the Plaintiff had
knowingly misrepresented to the Architect that the Defendant had so agreed,
and the Architect had subsequently issued the Certificates in reliance on
those falsehoods, it was not unarguable that the Certificates were to that
extent affected by fraud, _if_ the Defendant’s claims were true.

49 However, I am in no position to determine at this stage to say who was
lying, if anyone in fact was, or what the Plaintiff’s state of mind was when
he allegedly made those representations. But I do not have to do so. All I
have to do is decide whether _prima facie_ there was a _bona fide_ dispute as
to whether there was fraud. It cannot be said that the Defendant’s allegation
of fraud is a mere assertion or that the Letter is not credible. I therefore
find that it is not indisputable that the Certificates are not affected by
fraud, and the Plaintiff has not provided me with a sufficient reason why the
matter should not be referred to arbitration.

Whether a stay should be granted because the Architect had not acted properly
and/or outside the scope of his authority

50 The Defendant submitted that the Certificates were not issued strictly in
accordance with the terms of the Contract, because they included claims for
the Extended Preliminaries. This is for two reasons:

(a) First, because it was held in the case of _Pitchmastic v Birse No 1_
(unreported, 19 May 2000) (“ _Pitchmastic_ ”) that a claim for extended
preliminaries is in the nature of a claim for loss and damage. Such a claim is
outside the certifying power of the Architect because cl 31(14) of the SIA
Conditions states that the Architect “shall, in the absence of express
provision, have no power to decide or certify any claim for _breach of
contract_ ” (emphasis added). [note: 41]

(b) Secondly, the Architect had no power to issue instructions to authorise
payment for extended preliminaries, which is confirmed by cl 1(4) of the SIA
Conditions which set out the matters on which the Architect may issue
instructions.[note: 42] The Defendant argued that, therefore, the
Certificates, which relied on the AIs, were “similarly infected”.[note: 43]

51 The Defendant also contended that the Architect had failed to apply his
mind to the issue as to whether he had the right to issue instructions for the
items on the AIs, as it was the Architect’s own explanation in the Letter that
he had issued the AIs based on the Alleged Misrepresentations and on the fact
that the project manager had remained silent. Therefore, by issuing the AIs,
which in turn formed the basis of the Certificates, the Architect had acted in
breach of his duties, which he claimed were the “minimum standards” that the
court expects of an architect in order for temporary finality to be conferred
on a certificate that he issues. These duties are:[note: 44]

(a) the duty to act in good faith and to the best of his uninfluenced
professional judgment (_per_ Warren L H Khoo J in _Aoki Corporation_ at [36]);
and

(b) the duty to perform his duty, or exercise his power with reasonable
diligence and in accordance with the contract (_per_ Warren L H Khoo J in
_Lian Soon Construction Pte Ltd v Guan Qian Realty Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R)
518) at [22]).

52 In response, the Plaintiff argued that the Architect was clearly empowered
to certify extended preliminaries:

(a) _Pitchmastic_ was distinguishable for the following reasons:

(i) The contract in that case incorporated the UK DOM/2 standard form
subcontract and not the SIA Conditions; and

(ii) the subcontractor’s claim was dismissed because the court found that it
was not apt for the subcontractor to claim under cl 16.3.3.3 for extended
preliminaries incurred by reasons of prolongation attributable to variation
instructions of the contract in that case because such a claim is
conventionally made as a claim for loss and expense (at [19]-[20]) and it did
not involve an architect’s certification of such claims.[note: 45]

(b) Under the SIA Conditions, the Architect had the power to issue
instructions ordering variations to the works under cl 12(1), which included
the valuation of preliminary items under cl 12(4).[note: 46] The Quantity
Surveyor and Architect had clearly applied their minds to evaluating the
amounts to be accorded to the Extended Preliminaries[note: 47] and it whether
the Plaintiff did in fact make any representations to the Architect with
respect to the Defendant’s agreement to pay for the Extended Preliminaries is
irrelevant.[note: 48]

53 I accept that if a Certificate is not issued in accordance with the
contract, it _can_ be regarded as a nullity. This seems to have been treated
as an additional exception to the exceptions of fraud, improper pressure and
interference. However, non-compliance is not always fatal, such as where there
is evidence of waiver, in the absence of substantial vitiating factors. As
succinctly stated by Warren L H Khoo J in _China Construction (South Pacific)
Development Co Pte Ltd v Leisure Park (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 583
at [29]:

… However, in the instant case, the architect concerned did not seem to be
very scrupulous about adhering to the form called for by the provisions of the
contract. The form he used for Interim Certificate No 21 is a good example. I
do not think that the contractor should be penalised for such lapses on the
part of the architect. _While strict compliance with the provisions of the
contract in the matter of certifications should be the general norm, what
happened in this case leads me to think that the rule should not be allowed to
be applied in such a way as to enable the employer to rely on and take
advantage of lapses on the part of the architect, particularly in respect of
the form and timing of certifications of payments to the contractor, in the
absence of_** _substantial vitiating factors_** _._ Delays in the issue of
interim certificates and failure to cast such certificates (indeed other
certificates as well) in proper form seem to be not uncommon occurrences.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

54 I do not see any grounds for the Defendant’s argument that the Certificates
should be wholly invalidated on the ground that the Architect is acting _ultra
vires_ his certifying power. With respect to the Defendant’s contention that
the Architect could not certify the Extended Preliminaries because it is
usually a claim for loss and expense, the Plaintiff was correct to say that
_Pitchmastic_ is not relevant here, for the reasons it stated at [52(a)]
above. I also fail to see how the fact that a claim is for loss and expense
necessarily means that it is a claim for a _breach of contract_. Whether or
not a claim is for a breach of contract must depend on the contract itself.
Indeed, I note that in _Pitchmastic_ , the contract was a _modified_ form of
the UK DOM/2 standard form subcontract and the judge had noted that the claim
for extended preliminaries could have been made under cl 13 of the subcontract
if not for the fact that cl 13.3.7 had been varied to exclude variation
instructions from its ambit (at [20]). Cl 31(14) of the SIA Conditions is
therefore not engaged.

55 As for the contentions relating to the AIs, the Architect is only alleged
to have been acting outside his powers when he issued the AIs _vis-à-vis_ the
Extended Preliminaries. There is no suggestion that the Architect is not
empowered to issue instructions for the other items on the AIs. Even if the
Architect had acted outside his powers in issuing instructions for the
Extended Preliminaries, that would not invalidate the entirety of the AIs. The
Extended Preliminaries related to just _two items_ out of a total of 46 items
on the AIs.[note: 49] The alleged discrepancies in the AIs could not be
regarded as substantial vitiating factors, and the AIs could not be
invalidated because of that. The cases show that architect’s certificates have
only been invalidated as a result of much more serious breaches. I would not
undermine the temporary finality of a certificate on such a minor point (see
my discussion below at [61] regarding _Lojan Properties (CA)_).

56 Finally, the allegation that the Architect failed to consider whether or
not he had the right to issue instructions for the Extended Preliminaries also
does not raise any referable dispute. To the extent that he was acting within
his powers, it is quite irrelevant; to the extent that he was acting without
his powers, the fact that he should have checked whether or not he could have
done so would not be in itself a substantial vitiating factor in the absence
of fraud, improper pressure or interference.

57 Therefore, I find that the Plaintiff’s claim against the Defendant cannot
be disputed on these additional grounds.

Whether a partial stay should be granted

58 Having established that there is _prima facie_ a _bona fide_ dispute of
fraud, I finally have to decide whether I should stay the whole of the
Plaintiff’s claim or whether the Defendant should only be granted a partial
stay of proceedings. The Disputed Items are valued at $334,000. Therefore, Mr
Chung argued that there is an undisputed balance certified sum of $704,801.22
(being $1,041,801.22 less $334,000) which is due and owing to the
Plaintiff.[note: 50]

59 The Plaintiff submitted that in the case of _Lojan Properties (CA)_ , the
Court of Appeal had granted a stay on a sum which formed only part of a
certificate (namely, a new interim certificate number 29) and therefore stood
for the proposition that the court can grant a stay on a part of a
certificate.[note: 51] I do not think that is the correct reading of the case.
In _Lojan Properties (CA)_ , the contractors had claimed for payment upon 12
interim certificates. The project architects later issued a number of revised
interim certificates as well as the new interim certificate number 29. The
employer sought to rely on, _inter alia_ , the revised interim certificates to
raise the defence of set-off and counter-claim and to stay the proceedings. At
the High Court, it was found that the revised interim certificates and the new
interim certificate number 29 were null and void. The judge gave judgment for
the contractor except that a sum of $519,284 was stayed. The $519,284 included
a sum of $137,493 relating to a claim which the employer claimed it had paid
directly to the nominated subcontractors.

60 On appeal, one of the issues that the Court of Appeal had to decide was,
_inter alia_ , whether the employer was entitled to deduct the said $137,493
from the amounts certified by the architect as due and payable to the
contractor under the interim certificates. While the deduction of $137,493 was
indeed recorded on interim certificate number 29, that sum was based on a list
that was appended to a different certificate—a certificate of non-payment
wherein the architect certified that the sum of $137,493 was due to the
contractor to the employer. Upon the issue of such a certificate of non-
payment, the employer had a contractual right to deduct payments made directly
to nominated subcontractors from payments due to the contractor (at
[29]–[30]).

61 The Court of Appeal upheld the validity of the certificate of non-payment
despite certain alleged discrepancies, such as the assertion that one of the
contractors named on the list was allegedly _not_ a nominated subcontractor
even though such a certificate applied to nominated subcontractors only. The
Court of Appeal did not accept the assertion as it was merely evidence from
the Bar, but stated that, even if they did, that would not vitiate the whole
document and added that “[i]t would be perfectly proper for the name entered
in error to be deleted and the amount to be deducted adjusted accordingly” (at
[33]–[34]). Temporary finality was therefore conferred on the _whole_ of the
certificate of non-payment, notwithstanding the assertions (at [35]).

62 The Court of Appeal did not have to find that interim certificate number 29
was partially valid and did not do so. In conclusion, _Lojan Properties (CA)_
is distinguishable from the present situation.

63 Notwithstanding the fact that there do not appear to be any cases in
Singapore where only part of an architect’s certificate has been found to be
valid, it is also true that the Defendant has also not provided any cases
which concluded that it is not possible to accord temporary finality to part
of an architect’s certificate. It is still open to me to decide.

64 The Defendant also raised an argument that the wording of cl 31(13) does
not contemplate that only part of a certificate may be given temporary
effect.[note: 52] Read literally, cl 31(13) states that a certificate should
only be given full effect by way of summary judgment in the absence of fraud.
Arguably, any fraud, even if it only relates to a part of the certificate,
would mean that fraud is not absent, and full effect cannot be given to the
certificate. Without temporary finality, the matters certified would not be
indisputable, and a stay should therefore be granted for the whole claim.

65 Further, the Defendant also submitted that the certification process
contemplates that in issuing a certificate, the Architect will not be
influenced in any way by fraud, improper pressure or interference of either
party. Once the certification process is tainted, the certificate loses the
authority which the parties had agreed to confer on it.[note: 53]

66 There is some force in the Defendant’s arguments. On the other hand, in
interpreting cl 31(13), I do not think that I should disregard the objective
and spirit of the clause itself. I have already discussed the importance of
ensuring expedient cash flow within the construction industry. It must also be
remembered that in the present case, all I have found is that there is _prima
facie_ a _bona fide_ dispute as to fraud in relation to certain items on the
Certificates. This is not a case where collusion was alleged and there is no
indication that the Architect himself was privy to the fraud, if there was
indeed fraud. There is no suggestion that the other items on the Certificates
were in any way infected by fraud. They could just have easily been certified
on a different certificate and thereby be conferred temporary finality.
Indeed, _Lojan Contractors (CA)_ illustrates such a scenario. In the present
case, even though there is a dispute of fraud, such fraud, even if proven,
only affects certain items on the Certificate, and those could be severable as
the Disputed Items have been clearly quantified.

Conclusion

67 For the above reasons, I will allow the appeal in part. I will grant a stay
of the part of the Plaintiff’s claim that relates to the Disputed Items
(including the part of the interest claimed thereunder). There will be no stay
in respect of the remaining claimed sums.

68 I will hear the parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]See SOC, para 5.

[note: 2]SOC, para 3.

[note: 3]Defendant’s Submission, paras 21-23; Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit, paras
7 and 8.

[note: 4]Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit, p 12.

[note: 5]Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit, para 7.

[note: 6]Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit, pp 25 (items 173 and 174) and 35 (items
280 and 281).

[note: 7]_Ibid_ ; see also Plaintiff’s Further Submission, para 14.

[note: 8]Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit, para 10, and p 37.

[note: 9]SOC, para 11.

[note: 10]Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit, para 11 and p 44.

[note: 11]Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit, para 12; see Seah Hwa Peng’s (“Seah”) 2nd
Affidavit p 64 (items 280 and 281) and p 86 (items 173 and 174).

[note: 12]Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit, p 117.

[note: 13]SOC, para 11.

[note: 14]SOC, para 10.

[note: 15]Defendant’s 1st Affidavit, para 10.

[note: 16]Defendant’s 1st Affidavit, para 11; see also IC-3.

[note: 17]Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit, para 13.

[note: 18]SOC, para 11.

[note: 19]AR’s Certified Transcript, p 1.

[note: 20]Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit, pp 9-10.

[note: 21]Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit, pp 7-8.

[note: 22]Seah Hwa Peng’s 3rd Affidavit, paras 4-5.

[note: 23]AR’s Certified Transcript, p 4.

[note: 24]AR’s Certified Transcript, p 4.

[note: 25]Defendant’s Submission, para 7.

[note: 26]Defendant’s Submission, para 9(a).

[note: 27]Defendant’s Submission, para 9(b).

[note: 28]Defendant’s Further Submission, para 6.

[note: 29]Defendant’s Submission, para 40.

[note: 30]Plaintiff’s Submission, paras 15-18.

[note: 31]Plaintiff’s Further Submission, para 3.

[note: 32]Plaintiff’s Further Submission, para 9.

[note: 33]Plaintiff’s Further Submission, para 12.

[note: 34]Plaintiff’s Submission, paras 53-64.

[note: 35]Plaintiff’s Submission, para 64.

[note: 36]Plaintiff’s Submission, paras 16-18.

[note: 37]Plaintiff’s Submission, paras 40-46.

[note: 38]Plaintiff’s Submission, para 39.

[note: 39]Plaintiff’s Submission, paras 19-39.

[note: 40]Defendant’s Submission, para 30; also oral arguments.

[note: 41]Defendant’s Further Submission, paras 7-9; Defendant’s Submission,
para 36.

[note: 42]Defendant’s Further Submission, para 10.

[note: 43]Defendant’s Further Submission, para 6.

[note: 44]Defendant’s Further Submission, paras 3-4.

[note: 45]Plaintiff’s Further Submission, para 7.

[note: 46]Plaintiff’s Further Submission, para 4.

[note: 47]Plaintiff’s Further Submission, para 12.

[note: 48]Plaintiff’s Further Submission, para 13.

[note: 49]Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit, pp 7-8.

[note: 50]Plaintiff’s Further Submission, para 34; Plaintiff’s Submission,
paras 53-64.

[note: 51]Plaintiff’s Further Submission, paras 35-37.

[note: 52]Defendant’s Further Submission, paras 14-15.

[note: 53]Defendant’s Further Submission, para 18.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Jul 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

