Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Olivine Capital Pte Ltd and another _v_ Chia Chin Yan and another matter  
[2014] SGCA 19

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 86 of 2013 and Summons No 6101 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  James Leslie Ponniah and Vincent Yeoh (Malkin & Maxwell
LLP) for the appellants; Daniel Chia and Loh Jien Li (Stamford Law
Corporation) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Olivine Capital Pte Ltd and another — Chia Chin Yan  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2013] SGHC 168.]

9 April 2014|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) in _Olivine Capital Pte Ltd and another v Lee Chiew Leong and another_
[2013] SGHC 168 (“the GD”) dismissing Registrar’s Appeal No 125 of 2013 (“RA
125/2013”). That was an appeal against the decision of the assistant registrar
(“the AR”) in Summons No 608 of 2013 (“SUM 608/2013”), an application made
pursuant to O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules of Court”). The Judge agreed with the AR that the parties had
compromised all the claims between them. We allowed the appeal against the
ruling of the Judge and now give the detailed grounds for our decision.

The facts

2 The first appellant, Olivine Capital Pte Ltd (“the First Appellant”), was
the leaseholder of a plot of land at 180–188 Rangoon Road. The second
appellant, Ong Puay Guan @ Steven Ong (“the Second Appellant”), is the chief
executive officer (“CEO”) and a director of the First Appellant. The First
Appellant sought to redevelop the land and initially hired Chia Chin Yan (“the
Respondent”) as the professional engineer and one Lee Chiew Leong (“Lee”) as
the architect in May 2006.

3 Work began on the redevelopment project (“the Project”) in late 2007. In
September 2007, an underground sewer pipe was damaged during piling work. The
First Appellant and the Second Appellant (collectively, “the Appellants”)
alleged that the damage was caused by the negligence of the Respondent and
Lee. The Appellants alleged that the Respondent had negligently failed to
ascertain whether there was an underground sewer during the preparation of the
piling plan, had given the go-ahead to proceed with the piling and had also
failed to supervise the piling operation. The Respondent denied the foregoing,
and alleged that the Appellants were negligent in commencing the piling work
without his knowledge and consent. The alleged negligence of Lee is not
germane to this appeal as it was not the subject of the O 14 r 12 proceedings.

4 The Public Utilities Board (“the PUB”), on 24 December 2007, gave notice to
the parties to repair the damaged sewer. On 31 December 2007, the Appellants
told the PUB that they would not do the repair work, and agreed to bear the
cost of the PUB doing the repair work instead. On 16 January 2008, the PUB
informed the Appellants that the estimated cost would be $600,000. The
following day, the Appellants informed the Respondent, Lee, and the piling
contractor that they were holding them liable for the repair costs.

5 The Respondent oversaw the repair work on the damaged sewer from December
2007 to February 2008. On 28 April 2008, the PUB invoiced the First Appellant
an amount of $512,939.18. The First Appellant has yet to make the requisite
payment.

6 After a dispute with the initial builder for the Project in June 2009, the
First Appellant appointed a second builder, HPC Builders Pte Ltd (“HPC”).
Contemporaneously with this, the Respondent took on the additional roles of
architect and project coordinator, on top of his initial role as professional
engineer. According to the Appellants, the Respondent was to be paid by HPC
under this new arrangement.

7 On 16 July 2009, the Respondent was charged with an offence under s 14(1) of
the Sewerage and Drainage Act (Cap 294, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). No other
parties were charged at that time.

8 On 15 October 2009, the Respondent resigned and gave the Second Appellant a
letter (“the Compromise Letter”) on the Respondent’s company letterhead. The
material parts of the Compromise Letter are as follows:[note: 1]

With regards to the captioned project, we agree to amicably terminate my role
as Qualified Person (Architectural and Structural) and project coordinator
with effect from 15 October 2009 with no claim from either party.

The letter was signed by the Respondent. The Second Appellant signed the
letter in his capacity as CEO of the First Appellant below the phrase “I agree
and acknowledge receipt of this letter”.[note: 2]

9 On 9 March 2012, almost three years after the Respondent was initially
charged, the PUB charged the Second Appellant and Lee with offences under ss
14 and 20 of the Act. The Respondent was also charged with an additional
offence under s 20 of the same.

10 On 11 September 2012, the Appellants filed Suit No 762 of 2012 (“Suit
762/2012”) against the Respondent and Lee, essentially alleging that they were
negligent and claiming, _inter alia_ , an indemnity for compensation payable
to the PUB. The Respondent denied these allegations in his defence, and also
counterclaimed for an order that the Appellants indemnify him against all
losses arising from the charges brought against him under the Act. On 1
February 2013, the Respondent filed SUM 608/2013 seeking a determination under
O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court as to whether the Compromise Letter was
effective to release him from any liability to the Appellants apropos the
damaged sewer. The AR held that the Compromise Letter did have this effect.
The Judge in turn dismissed the Appellants’ appeal against the AR’s decision
(_viz_ , RA 125/2013).

Summary of the arguments below

11 The Respondent argued that the Compromise Letter compromised all claims
between the Appellants and him with regard to his roles as architect,
professional engineer and project coordinator. Any claim that the Appellants
might have had against him for negligently causing damage to the sewer had
therefore been compromised.

12 The Appellants argued that the ambit and effect of the Compromise Letter
was not a matter suitable for summary determination under O 14 r 12 of the
Rules of Court because the factual matrix surrounding the letter was in
dispute. The Appellants also argued that the Compromise Letter did not release
the Respondent from liability apropos the damaged sewer. Instead, the
Compromise Letter only compromised claims relating to the period when the
Respondent concurrently held all three roles as architect, professional
engineer and project coordinator (_ie_ , the period between June and October
2009).

13 It should also be noted that the Appellants did not raise the issue of
mistake in the proceedings below, although they have now sought to raise this
particular issue via an amendment of their pleadings.

The decision below

14 The Judge accepted that the factual context surrounding the signing of the
Compromise Letter was relevant and in dispute. She noted that ordinarily,
summary determination under O 14 r 12 was inappropriate if there were factual
disputes affecting the point of construction. She pointed out that this
proposition was, however, subject to two caveats: (a) there must be a genuine
dispute of fact; and (b) the contract must be capable of bearing the meaning
which the resisting party asserted.

15 In the Judge’s view, the Appellants had taken the opening words of the
Compromise Letter out of context to qualify the phrase “no claim from either
party”.[note: 3] It was plain on its face that the phrase was not limited in
time. The Judge found the Appellants’ version of the facts incredible for
three reasons: first, this was not a case of the Respondent waiving $6,000 in
unpaid fees in exchange for the First Appellant releasing him from a half-a-
million-dollar liability; second, there was no objective evidence of a claim
by the Appellants against the Respondent, even though the PUB had already
invoiced the First Appellant for the cost of repairing the damaged sewer by
then; and third, it was incredible, having regard to the circumstances, that
the Second Appellant would sign the Compromise Letter without qualification to
the phrase “with no claim”.[note: 4]

16 The Judge thus held that the Compromise Letter had effectively compromised
the Appellants’ claims against the Respondent.

The parties’ respective cases on appeal and the Appellants’ proposed amendment
of their pleaded defence

17 The Appellants submit that a determination under O 14 r 12 should not be
made because the factual context surrounding the signing of the Compromise
Letter is in dispute. They take the position that their evidence is not so
incredible that it should be rejected, and the Compromise Letter should not be
construed to release the Respondent from liability for the damage to the
sewer. In any event, the Appellants contend, the Compromise Letter is void or
voidable on the ground of mistake.

18 The Respondent, on the other hand, submits that the case is suitable for
determination under O 14 r 12 because there are no genuine disputes of fact
relating to the objective evidence. The Respondent contends that the
Appellants’ evidence is incredible. The Compromise Letter was drafted clearly
and unambiguously, and compromised all claims, including any claims pertaining
to liability for the damaged sewer. The Compromise Letter, the Respondent
submits, is also not void or voidable on the ground of mistake.

19 The Appellants’ submissions on mistake are new, and were neither pleaded in
their defence to the Respondent’s counterclaim nor raised at the two hearings
below. This raises a few preliminary issues, one of which centres on Summons
No 6101 of 2013 (“SUM 6101/2013”), which is the Appellants’ application for
leave to amend their pleaded defence. These issues shall be explored first.

The preliminary issues

20 The following preliminary issues are raised by the Appellants’ new
submissions on mistake:

(a) Can a defendant introduce new arguments in an appeal from an O 14
determination?

(b) Is a defendant bound by the four corners of his pleadings during an O 14
determination?

(c) If a defendant is so bound, should the Appellants nonetheless be allowed
to amend their pleaded defence to the Respondent’s counterclaim?

Can a defendant introduce new arguments in an appeal from an O 14
determination?

21 The starting point underlying the issue of whether a defendant can
introduce new arguments in an appeal from an O 14 determination is the
principle of finality in litigation. As Prof Jeffrey Pinsler SC has observed
(in _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis,
2009) (“ _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ ”) at para 57/13/10):

Consistent with the principle of finality of litigation is the requirement
that the parties should raise _at trial_ all matters which have a bearing on
the outcome of the case. The Court of Appeal will generally refrain from
entertaining a new point on appeal, particularly if the circumstances are such
that the court is not in as advantageous a position as the court below (with
regard to the evidence as well as other matters which may have arisen if the
point had been brought up in the court below), to adjudicate upon the issue. …
[emphasis added]

22 As an O 14 determination is conducted on the basis of affidavit evidence,
this court is in as advantageous a position as the court below to adjudicate
on the Appellants’ new submissions on mistake. The general principle of
finality in litigation does not apply; the Appellants were therefore allowed
to argue their new point on mistake in the proceedings before this court (see
also the decision of this court in _Rainforest Trading Ltd and another v State
Bank of India Singapore_ [2012] 2 SLR 713 at [27]–[28]).

Is a defendant bound by the four corners of his pleadings during an O 14
determination?

The two lines of cases

23 Turning to the issue of whether a defendant is bound by the four corners of
his pleadings during an O 14 determination, there are in fact two lines of
cases taking diametrically opposed views on this particular issue.

(1) The first line of cases – a defendant is not bound

24 The seminal decision in the first line of cases is that of the Malaysian
High Court in _Lin Securities (Pte) v Noone & Co Sdn Bhd (Klang Jaya Bahru
Development Bhd, Third Party)_ [1989] 1 MLJ 321 (“ _Lin Securities_ ”), in
which V C George J held that a defendant was _not_ bound by his pleadings in
the context of O 14 proceedings. The learned judge observed thus (at 322):

… No doubt a defendant is **_bound_** _by the four corners of his pleading_**
__at the trial__**** _of the action_**** __but__**** _he is_**** __not__****
_so bound at_**** __the O 14 proceedings__** _. … He is entitled to show at
the hearing of the O 14 application that_** _over and above_** _what has been
pleaded in the statement of defence_** _he has other defences_**. The issue at
an O 14 application is whether the defendant has a defence and not whether the
statement of defence provides him with a defence. [emphasis added in italics,
bold italics and underlined bold italics]

25 The above proposition (relied upon by the Appellants in the present
proceedings) was in fact endorsed by this court in _Poh Soon Kiat v Desert
Palace Inc (trading as Caesars Palace)_ [2010] 1 SLR 1129 (“ _Poh Soon Kiat_
”), where the appellant, against whom summary judgment had been entered,
applied to this court for leave to amend his defence as a prelude to his
appeal. In this particular regard, the court observed as follows (at [15]):

In this connection, the Appellant applied to this court via SUM 1312/2009 for
leave to amend his defence to plead that the 2001 California Judgment was not
a foreign money judgment ... We declined to hear this application and treated
it as withdrawn. In our view, it was an unnecessary application as, in summary
judgment proceedings, “[a] defendant may raise defences in his affidavit even
if they are not referred to in the pleaded defence” (see _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam chief ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) at para
14/2/12) and is “bound by the four corners of his pleadings [only] at the
trial of the action but ... not ... [in] the O. 14 [_ie_ , summary judgment]
proceedings” ...

26 Although the court in _Poh Soon Kiat_ did not cite _Lin Securities
directly_ , it _did_ in fact cite that case _in substance_. To elaborate, the
court referred (as we have seen) to a passage from _Singapore Civil Procedure
2007_ (G P Selvam ed-in-chief) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) (“ _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2007_ ”) at para 14/2/12. It is important, in this regard, to
note that the actual text of that particular passage reads as follows:

A defendant may raise defences in his affidavit even if they are not referred
to in the pleaded defence (**_Lin Securities (Pte.) Ltd. v. Noone & Co. Sdn.
Bhd. _****[1989] 1 M.L.J. 321**). A defendant is bound by the four corners of
his pleadings at the trial of the action but is not so bound at the O.14
proceedings. [emphasis added]

(2) The second line of cases – a defendant is bound

27 The second line of cases – in which the courts concerned held that a
defendant _ought to be bound_ by his pleadings during an O 14 determination
and could not therefore rely upon a fresh defence that was not pleaded unless
the defence was amended or unless, in exceptional cases, the court concerned
found that there were good reasons to permit such reliance (and which is
relied upon by the Respondent in the present proceedings) – comprises a series
of Singapore High Court decisions. Detailed reasons were proffered in these
decisions, and we shall therefore set out the relevant analyses _in extenso_.

28 The first decision is that of Woo Bih Li J in _Lim Leong Huat v Chip Hup
Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 786 (“ _Lim Leong Huat_ ”),
where the learned judge observed thus (at [22]–[25]):

22 I had _some reservation_ about the correctness of the decision in _Lin
Securities_ for _various reasons_. _It is one thing for a rule to say that a
defendant may show cause against an application for summary judgment by
affidavit or otherwise. In such a rule, a defendant need not file an affidavit
to show cause if, for example, he is able to rely on the statement of claim
and/or the affidavit for the plaintiff to establish that summary judgment
should not be granted. The rule does not necessarily mean that a defendant may
say something in his affidavit which is not pleaded in his defence. Let me
elaborate._**_Supposing a defendant were to be allowed to rely on an
allegation in his affidavit which is not in his defence and, solely because of
that allegation, he is able to avoid summary judgment. What happens if, when
he subsequently applies to amend his defence to include this allegation he is
not allowed to amend? This would mean that summary judgment should have been
entered in the first place. Such an incongruous situation would be avoided if
he were not to be allowed to rely on the allegation unless the defence is
first amended to include that allegation._** I was also of the view that the
pleadings govern the issues between the parties throughout the action and the
pleadings apply to all interlocutory proceedings. On the other hand, the
decision in _Lin Securities_ seemed to suggest that for the purpose of
applications for summary judgment, the pleadings did not govern.

23 It should also be remembered that previously, applications for summary
judgment were often made before a defence was filed. Accordingly, there was
usually no question of an affidavit for a defendant raising an allegation
which was not in the defence. Such a problem would arise only when a defence
had already been filed. I will say more about this later.

24 Secondly, it is one thing to say that a defendant may rely on an affidavit
allegation not pleaded in his defence but it is quite a different thing to say
he may rely on an affidavit allegation which is contradictory to that which
has already been pleaded in his defence. In such a situation, it seemed to me
all the more so that the defence must first be amended before he can rely on
the affidavit allegation. As mentioned above, it is by no means certain that
the application to amend the defence would be allowed. Certainly in the case
before me, Lim and Tan [the defendants in the application] would have to
explain why, if the new allegation were true, it was not mentioned at the
earliest opportunity when the initial defences were filed. It would then be
questionable whether an application to amend the defence would be allowed.

25 _Thirdly, our Rules of Court were amended recently in 2006 so that
currently, a plaintiff may apply for summary judgment only after the defence
has been served. This is unlike the previous situation where, as I have
mentioned, a plaintiff might and often did apply for summary judgment even
before the defence was filed. The purpose of the amendment was so that a
plaintiff would know the specific defence before applying for summary
judgment._ **_I was of the view that to allow a defendant to raise a
substantive allegation in his affidavit which was not pleaded in his defence
would undermine the purpose of the amendment_** _._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

29 Woo J reaffirmed his views in the subsequent decision of _HSBC
Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd v Elchemi Assets Pte Ltd and
another_ [2010] SGHC 67 (“ _HSBC Institutional Trust Services_ ”), as follows
(at [21]):

In [the second defendant’s] affidavit to resist [the plaintiff’s] application
for summary judgment, he raised fresh allegations not found in the defence. I
was of the view that he was not entitled to do so unless the defendants had
first applied for and obtained leave to amend his defence (see my decision in
_Lim Leong Huat v Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 786).
The defendants did not seek leave to do so and accordingly, were not entitled
to rely on the fresh allegations.

30 Woo J, in fact, delivered his decision in _Lim Leong Huat_ on 25 January
2008. Significantly, in our view, on 30 January 2008 (some five days later),
Judith Prakash J in _United States Trading Co Pte Ltd v Ting Boon Aun and
another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 981 (“ _United States Trading_ ”) expressed a similar
view on the issue presently being considered. Given both the timing as well as
the content of this particular judgment, it was clear that Prakash J arrived
at this similar view _in a parallel and independent manner_. The learned judge
observed thus (at [23]–[25]):

23 [Counsel for the second defendant] stated that the assistant registrar had
not accepted these arguments [resisting the plaintiff’s summary judgment
application] because they were not based on matters pleaded in the defence. He
argued that the omission to plead such arguments as defences was irrelevant
because at a summary judgment hearing, the defendant was entitled to raise
matters which had not been pleaded. In support he cited the 1989 case of _Lin
Securities (Pte) v Noone & Co Sdn Bhd_ [1989] 1 MLJ 321 (“the _Lin Securities_
case”). That was a Malaysian case which held that whilst the defendant was
bound by the four corners of his pleadings at the trial of the action, he
would not be so bound at the O 14 proceedings. The Malaysian O 14 r 4(1) Rules
of the High Court 1980 (PU(A) 50/1980) provided that a defendant may show
cause against an application for summary judgment by affidavit or otherwise
and it was held that he was therefore entitled to show at the hearing of an O
14 application that over and above what had been pleaded in the statement of
claim, he had other defences.

24 The present O 14 regime as encapsulated in the Rules of Court is
predicated, unlike the regime that applied in Malaysia and Singapore in 1989
when the _Lin Securities_ case was decided, on both the statement of claim and
the defence having been filed before the application for summary judgment is
taken out. As the commentary in _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2007) (“the _White Book_ ”) notes at para 14/1/7, the
previous procedure was unsatisfactory:

... as the plaintiff who applies for summary judgment may not be in a position
to pinpoint the specific defences that the defendant may raise. This has often
resulted in the plaintiff’s affidavit in reply to the defendant’s show cause
affidavit raising new issues, which the defendant then requires leave of court
to respond to. This disrupts the timetable for the filing of affidavits set
out in O.14, r.2. With the amendments, the service of a defence by the
defendant and not just the entry of appearance is now a prerequisite to an
application under O.14.

The _White Book_ at para 14/2/12 also restates the principle established by
the _Lin Securities_ case that the defendant is not bound by the four corners
of his defence at the summary judgment stage but follows that with a reference
to the case of _Pembinaan V-Jaya Sdn Bhd v Binawisma Development Sdn Bhd_
[1987] 2 CLJ 446 which it cites for the principle that where the defence
amounts to nothing more than a bare denial of the claim, the court may be
particularly cautious about defences suddenly raised by the affidavit.

25 **_In my view, now that the Rules of Court have been amended to require the
defence to be filed before the summary judgment application can be made, the
principle in the_** **Lin Securities** **_case must be looked at again. I
consider that it behoves a defendant to set out all his defences in his
defence so that the plaintiff can make a proper assessment of the chances of
an application for summary judgment being successful. It is not correct for
the defendant to plead one thing which, objectively, does not seem to afford
him a good defence and then when the application is made by the plaintiff to
bring up various other points and take the plaintiff by surprise. To allow a
defendant to do this as a matter of course would be to allow an abuse of
process. This does not mean that in all circumstances a defendant should not
be able to raise a new defence in his affidavit responding to the O 14
application but he should be able to give good reasons for not having raised
such defence in his pleading and, if he is not able to do so, the defences
should be either disregarded or treated with a great deal of suspicion._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

31 Kan Ting Chiu J had – more recently – the opportunity to consider _all_ the
decisions hitherto referred to in _Rankine Bernadette Adeline v Chenet Finance
Ltd_ [2011] 3 SLR 756 (“ _Rankine Bernadette Adeline_ ”). Indeed, he cited (as
we have) the relevant passages in these decisions _in extenso._ In particular,
the learned judge was impressed by the detailed reasoning rendered in both
_Lim Leong Huat_ as well as _United States Trading_. He observed (at [14])
that Woo J had (in _Lim Leong Huat_) “addressed the issue _with admirable
thoroughness_ ” [emphasis added]. Kan J also noted (at [17]) that Prakash J
(in _United States Trading_) “took care to explain” her reasons for arriving
at the same conclusion as Woo J in _Lim Leong Huat_ and _HSBC Institutional
Trust Services_ , and further observed (at [18]):

From these … decisions, the position appears to be that a fresh defence that
is not pleaded cannot be relied on unless the defence is amended, or in
exceptional cases where the court finds that there are good reasons to allow
that to be done.

32 Kan J then proceeded to cite (at [19]) Prof Pinsler’s seminal work
_Singapore Court Practice 2009_ , as follows:

These cases have been noted and discussed in _Singapore Court Practice 2009_
(Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009) at para 14/3/2A:

**Pleading defences for the purpose of challenging O 14 application.**

A respondent to an application for summary judgment must ensure that he pleads
all the defences he intends to rely on in his pleading. If he fails to do
this, he may not be able to raise a defence at the hearing of the application
even if it is stated in his affidavit or other source. This principle, which
was propounded by Judith Prakash J in _United States Trading Co Pte v Ting
Boon Aun_ [2008] SGHC 15 (‘ _United States Trading_ ’), reverses the previous
practice which did not bind the defendant to the four corners of his pleading
(see, for example, _Lin Securities (Pte) Ltd v Noone_ [1989] 1 MLJ 321, which
is cited in [_United States Trading_], at [24]–[25]; and _Superbowl Jurong Pte
Ltd v Sami’s Curry Restaurant Pte Ltd_ [2007] SGDC 157). The binding effect of
the defence pleading was also propounded in _Lim Leong Huat v Chip Hup Hup Kee
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 12 (decided within a week of _United States
Trading_). Woo J considered that the rule permitting the defendant to
challenge an application for summary judgment … ‘by affidavit or otherwise’
(see O 14, r 2(3)) (RC) did not mean that he was entitled to omit defences
from his pleading (ibid, at [20]–[28]).

33 Kan J then concluded his analysis by noting (at [20]) that “[t]he latest
decision on the question” was that of this court in _Poh Soon Kiat_. He noted,
_inter alia_ , that the decision in the case just mentioned had been delivered
on 28 April 2009. The decision in _Poh Soon Kiat_ was actually delivered on 8
December 2009 – this is significant inasmuch as the decisions in _Lim Leong
Huat_ and _United States Trading_ had _already_ been delivered by the time
this court released its judgment in _Poh Soon Kiat_. _Lim Leong Huat_ and
_United States Trading_ did not, however, appear to have been brought to this
court’s attention. Neither were Prof Pinsler’s views (in _Singapore Court
Practice 2009_ (quoted by Kan J in _Rankine Bernadette Adeline_ ; see above at
[32])) cited to this court, although it is entirely conceivable that
_Singapore Court Practice 2009_ could not have been cited because it was
published almost contemporaneously with the release of the judgment in _Poh
Soon Kiat_.

34 Kan J, in _Rankine Bernadette Adeline_ , noted (at [22]) that the court in
_Poh Soon Kiat_ had in fact cited the passage from _Singapore Civil Procedure
2007_ (quoted above at [26]), and that _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ “did
not have the advantage of considering the reasoning in the decisions of Woo J
and Prakash J and their views on the statement of law laid down in _Lin
Securities_ ”. As counsel for the plaintiff in _Rankine Bernadette Adeline_
was prepared to deal with the unpleaded defence, Kan J did not exclude that
defence from his consideration and therefore did _not_ have to arrive at a
_definitive_ conclusion on this particular issue. He nevertheless did observe
thus (at [23]):

There is a possibility that the Court of Appeal would have dealt with the
issue differently if its attention was drawn to _Lim Leong Huat_ , _United
States Trading_ and the _Singapore Court Practice 2009_. We have to wait till
the question goes before the Court again to have an answer. In the meantime,
it can only be said that there is room for greater clarity and certainty on
this issue.

The textbook commentaries

35 Before proceeding to express our view as to which line of cases ought to be
preferred, it would be apposite to note what the leading textbook commentaries
on Singapore civil procedure have to say with respect to this particular
issue.

36 The first is _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ , the relevant extract from
which has already been quoted above (at [32]). Not surprisingly, as the
decision in _Poh Soon Kiat_ was presumably delivered _after_ this particular
work had gone to press (see also above at [33]), Prof Pinsler did not comment
on the effect of that particular decision.

37 We have also already noted the views expressed in _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2007_ (which have been quoted above at [26]). Not surprisingly,
these views were expressed _prior to_ all the decisions considered above
(with, of course, the exception of _Lin Securities_). Significantly, and in
contrast, in the latest edition of this particular work, _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2013_ (G P Selvam ed-in-chief) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2013), the
following views (which did take into account _all_ the relevant decisions)
were expressed (at vol 1, para 14/2/12):

A defendant should set out all his defences in his pleadings so that a
plaintiff can properly assess the chances of a summary judgment application.
If he fails to do so, new defences raised in his affidavit will be disregarded
or treated with a great deal of suspicion unless there were good reasons for
not raising the defence in his pleading. (See _United States Trading Co. Pte.
Ltd. v. Ting Boon Aun_ [2008] 2 S.L.R.(R.) 981; _Lim Leong Huat v. Chip Hup
Hup Kee Construction Pte. Ltd_. [2008] 2 S.L.R.(R.) 786; and _HSBC
Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd. v. Elchemi Assets Pte. Ltd._
[2010] S.G.H.C. 67.) In light of amendments to the Rules of Court requiring
defence to be filed before the summary judgment application can be made, the
former principle that a defendant was not bound by the four corners of his
pleadings in O.14 proceedings (see, for example, _Lin Securities (Pte.) Ltd.
v. Noone & Co. Sdn. Bhd._ [1989] 1 M.L.J. 321) was doubted in _United States
Trading_ and _Lim Leong Huat_. However, in _Poh Soon Kiat v. Desert Palace
Inc. (trading as Caesars Palace)_ [2010] 1 S.L.R. 1129, at [15], the Court of
Appeal appears to have affirmed the former principle. Citing the previous
edition of this book, it held that a defendant is bound by the four corners of
his pleadings only at the trial of the action but not in O.14 summary judgment
proceedings. The cases of _United States Trading_ and _Lim Leong Huat_ were
however not considered by the Court of Appeal.

Where the defence amounts to nothing more than a bare denial of the claim, the
court may be particularly cautious about defences suddenly raised by the
affidavit (see _Pembinaan V-Jaya Sdn. Bhd. v. Binawisma Development Sdn. Bhd._
[1987] 2 C.L.J. 446).

38 It is clear, in the circumstances, that this court ought to consider the
observations made in _Poh Soon Kiat_ (quoted above at [25]) in light of the
various (and detailed) observations made by Woo J and Prakash J as set out
above.

Our decision

39 The first port of call ought to be the precise facts, context as well as
decision in _Poh Soon Kiat_. This particular case involved an attempt to
recover a foreign gambling debt owed by the appellant. The respondent, an
operator of a Las Vegas casino, sought to enforce a Californian judgment
granted in 2001 against the appellant which set aside a fraudulent transfer of
property, ordered the property to be sold and further ordered the proceeds
thereof to be applied to satisfy judgment debts arising from an earlier
judgment given by the same Californian court in 1999. At first instance, the
Singapore High Court ruled in favour of the respondent and held that the 2001
Californian judgment was enforceable in Singapore. The central issue arising
for this court’s consideration was whether the 2001 Californian judgment was a
judgment for a definite sum of money (in short, “a money judgment”). This
court allowed the appeal on the basis that the 2001 Californian judgment was
not a money judgment and was therefore unenforceable under Singapore law (see
_Poh Soon Kiat_ at [33]–[34]).

40 The observations that were made in _Poh Soon Kiat_ on the issue that is
presently being considered were _obiter dicta_. Counsel in _Poh Soon Kiat_ did
not fully argue the point, and did not appear to bring this court’s attention
to _Lim Leong Huat_ and _United States Trading_. Additionally, _Poh Soon Kiat_
concerned the issue of whether the sought-to-be-enforced foreign judgment was
a money judgment. A foreign judgment may only be enforced via a common law
action for debt if and only if the judgment is for an ascertained sum of money
(see, for example, the English decision of _James Sadler v James Robins_
(1808) 1 Camp 253 at 257; 170 ER 948 at 949). This was a key threshold issue
which struck at the heart of the court’s power to enforce the 2001 Californian
judgment; _stricto sensu_ , it would not have been necessary for the appellant
in _Poh Soon Kiat_ to apply for leave to amend his defence to plead that the
2001 Californian judgment was not a money judgment. This court would have
considered the issue _sua sponte_ and would have requested for submissions on
the same even if the parties had not raised it in their pleadings.

41 It is therefore open to this court to reconsider this particular issue
based on logic, principle, common sense as well as (relevant) policy. In this
regard, we find the reasoning of Woo J in _Lim Leong Huat_ (at [22], and
quoted above at [28]) persuasive – even when viewed prior to the amendments
effected to the Rules of Court in 2006. As Woo J pointed out in the decision
just cited, if a defendant is not bound by his pleadings in O 14 proceedings,
it could lead to an absurd situation. A defendant could succeed in resisting O
14 proceedings on the basis of an unpleaded defence. If an amendment to the
defence to include that unpleaded defence is subsequently disallowed, the
defendant will not be able to rely on the unpleaded defence at trial, with the
potential result that he would have no arguable defence. This paradoxically
means that summary judgment should have been entered in the plaintiff’s favour
in the first place. This would undermine the _raison d’être_ of O 14, which is
precisely the expeditious resolution of cases which do not require a full-
blown trial.

42 Further, as both Woo J (in _Lim Leong Huat_ at [25]) and Prakash J (in
_United States Trading_ at [25]) have very cogently and persuasively pointed
out, the arguments in favour of departing from _Lin Securities_ (and holding,
instead, that a defendant is bound by his pleadings in O 14 proceedings and
cannot therefore rely upon a fresh defence not hitherto pleaded unless his
defence is amended or unless the court holds that there are good reasons to
permit such reliance) are _even stronger in light of the amendments to the
Rules of Court in 2006_. In particular, the 2006 amendments to the Rules of
Court – whereby an application under O 14 could only be made after the defence
was filed – were meant to obviate the difficulties inherent in the previous
procedure. Under the old regime, a plaintiff filing his O 14 application
before the defence was filed could not pre-emptively rebut all of the
defendant’s possible defences, and had to wait for the defendant’s affidavit
in order to see what grounds the resisting defendant was relying on.
Practically speaking, the plaintiff would always have to file and serve on the
defendant a supplementary affidavit in order to reply to the resisting
defendant’s affidavit. This would drag out the O 14 process, especially as
leave was required for the parties to file further affidavits in response to
the plaintiff’s reply affidavit. Under the new regime, an O 14 application is
only allowed after the defence is filed. This means that at least one round of
affidavits is dispensed with, as the plaintiff knows exactly what the
defendant’s pleaded case is and is able to tailor his O 14 application to the
defendant’s pleadings. If a defendant could rely on unpleaded defences in O 14
proceedings, the plaintiff would be unfairly taken by surprise and the
efficiency of the new regime would be completely undermined.

43 In summary, we agree with both Woo J and Prakash J (in particular, with
their reasoning with respect to the position after the above-mentioned
amendments to the Rules of Court), and therefore hold that a fresh defence
that has not been pleaded cannot be relied on by the defendant in O 14
proceedings _unless_ the defence is amended _or_ unless the case is an
exceptional one where the court concerned is of the view that there are good
reasons to permit reliance on such a fresh defence (for instance, if the fresh
defence strikes at the heart of the court’s powers, as was the case in _Poh
Soon Kiat_). We therefore proceed – in the context of the present proceedings
– to consider whether or not the Appellants ought to be allowed to amend their
pleaded defence to the Respondent’s counterclaim.

Should the Appellants be allowed to amend their pleaded defence?

44 The starting point is, of course, O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court, which
stipulates that a court may allow amendments to pleadings at any stage of the
proceedings on such terms as to costs or otherwise as it may direct. The
guiding principle is that amendments to pleadings ought to be allowed if they
would enable the real question and/or issue in controversy between the parties
to be determined (see, for example, the decision of this court in _Review
Publishing Co Ltd and another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal_ [2010] 1
SLR 52 at [113]).

45 Lord Griffiths’ comments in the House of Lords decision of _Ketteman and
others v Hansel Properties Ltd and others_ [1987] 1 AC 189 are particularly
pertinent (at 220): to allow an amendment before a trial begins is quite
different from allowing it at the end of the trial to give an apparently
unsuccessful defendant an opportunity to renew the fight based on an entirely
different defence.

46 The present case concerns O 14 proceedings, which, _ex hypothesi_ , take
place before (or in place of) a trial. If the Appellants are allowed to amend
their defence to the Respondent’s counterclaim, the Respondent can hardly be
said to suffer from prejudice that cannot be compensated by costs, especially
as a full-blown trial with oral cross-examination has not taken place. On the
contrary, if the Appellants are not allowed to amend their defence to the
Respondent’s counterclaim and consequently fail to resist the Respondent’s O
14 r 12 application, that could be tantamount to a denial of justice.

47 The Appellants’ application in SUM 6101/2013 for leave to amend their
pleaded defence to the Respondent’s counterclaim to include pleadings based on
mistake was therefore allowed.

The substantive issues

48 The Respondent’s O 14 r 12 application proper raises two issues:

(a) Does the Compromise Letter release the Respondent from liability arising
from the damaged sewer?

(b) Is the Compromise Letter void or voidable on the ground of mistake?

Principles governing an O 14 r 12 application

49 The ambit of O 14 r 12 was considered by Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was)
in the Singapore High Court decision of _Payna Chettiar v Maimoon bte Ismail
and others_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 738, in which the following principles were laid
down (at [35]):

The English Court of Appeal had the opportunity to review the scope of O 14A
[the English equivalent of O 14 r 12] in the unreported 1994 case _Korso
Finance Establishment Anstalt v John Wedge_. The principles which it laid down
are set out in para 14A/1–2/4 of the _Supreme Court Practice_ and they are as
follows:

1 An issue is a disputed point of fact or law relied on by way of claim or
defence.

2 A question of construction is well capable of constituting an issue.

3 If a question of construction will finally determine whether an important
issue is suitable for determination under O 14A and where it is a dominant
feature of the case a Court ought to proceed to so determine such issue.

4 Respondents to an application under O 14A are not entitled to contend they
should be allowed to hunt around for evidence or something that might turn up
on discovery which could be relied upon to explain or modify the meaning of
the relevant document. If there were material circumstances of which the Court
should take account in construing the document they must be taken to have been
known, and could only be such as were known, to the parties when the agreement
was made. In the absence of such evidence the Court should not refrain from
dealing with the application.

50 Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was), in the Singapore High Court decision of
_Barang Barang Pte Ltd v Boey Ng San and others_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 949, observed
(at [5]), as follows:

… The construction of law or document must be such that it can be achieved
without a full trial and such a determination will fully determine the entire
cause or matter. … [emphasis in original omitted]

51 A further caveat is that the invocation of O 14 r 12 is not appropriate
where factual disputes would affect the point of construction (see, for
example, the Singapore High Court decisions of _Re CEP Instruments Pte Ltd (in
liquidation)_ [2004] SGHC 206 at [39] and _ANB v ANF_ [2011] 2 SLR 1 at [32]).

52 On the facts of the present case, the construction of the Compromise
Letter, if resolved in favour of the Respondent, will fully determine the
issue of whether the Respondent is contractually released from liability
arising from the damaged sewer. The language used in the Compromise Letter is,
however, latently ambiguous and, in the circumstances, the court should not
determine the issue of interpretation under O 14 r 12 on the sole basis of
competing affidavit evidence. This point will be elaborated on below (at
[54]–[60]).

53 The issue of whether the Compromise Letter is void or voidable on the
ground of mistake is likewise not suitable for an O 14 r 12 determination. _Ex
hypothesi_ , a plea of mistake necessarily entails the resisting party
alleging that the contract is void or voidable because of facts not readily
apparent from the face of the contract (these facts being actual knowledge of
the resisting party’s mistake in the case of unilateral mistake, and a common
(and fundamental) misapprehension between the parties in the case of common
mistake). This point will also be elaborated upon below (at [61]–[72]).

Does the Compromise Letter release the Respondent from liability arising from
the damaged sewer?

54 With regard to whether the Compromise Letter releases the Respondent from
liability arising from the damaged sewer, the starting point is the seminal
decision of this court in _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold
Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029. V K Rajah JA,
delivering the judgment of the court, drew a sharp line between the use of
extrinsic evidence to interpret a contract on the one hand, and to contradict
or vary it on the other (at [122]; see also the decision of this court in
_Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal_
[2013] 4 SLR 193 at [45]):

… the courts must remain ever vigilant to ensure that, in interpreting a
contract, extrinsic evidence is only employed to illuminate the contractual
language and not as a pretext to contradict or vary it. …

55 To reiterate, the plain language of the Compromise Letter (see above at
[8]) states that there shall be “no claim from either party”.[note: 5] On the
face of it, “no claim from either party”[note: 6] applies to all claims and is
not restricted to claims arising from a particular time period or claims
pertaining to a certain subject matter. Such qualifications would seemingly
constitute contradictions or variations of the plain language of the contract.

56 The Compromise Letter, however, explicitly refers to the Respondent’s role
as “Qualified Person (Architectural and Structural) and project
coordinator”.[note: 7] The Respondent was initially hired directly by the
First Appellant as the professional engineer from May 2006 onwards, and only
took on the additional roles of architect and project coordinator when hired
by the new builder, HPC, from June 2009 onwards. From May 2006 to June 2009,
the Respondent’s title was Qualified Person (Structural). Taken as a whole,
the Compromise Letter is latently ambiguous: does the phrase “no claim from
either party”[note: 8] only apply to the Respondent’s acts and omissions _qua_
professional engineer, architect _and_ project coordinator all at once, or
does it also extend to the Respondent’s acts and omissions _qua_ professional
engineer alone? The former interpretation would mean that the Respondent is
not released from liability for the damaged sewer because that liability arose
when he was only the professional engineer. In contrast, the latter
interpretation would mean that the Respondent is released from liability for
the damaged sewer.

57 The ambiguity lies in whether “Qualified Person (Architectural and
Structural) and project coordinator”[note: 9] is to be interpreted
conjunctively or disjunctively. On a conjunctive interpretation, the
Respondent must have held all three roles concurrently at the material time
before he can avail himself of the “no claim from either party”[note: 10]
clause. On a disjunctive interpretation, it is sufficient for the Respondent
to avail himself of that clause even if he held only the role of Qualified
Person (Structural) at the material time.

58 As both interpretations are plausible, there would be no variation or
contradiction involved in choosing between one and the other. As such,
extrinsic evidence is admissible in the interpretation of the Compromise
Letter.

59 The Appellants take the position that a conjunctive interpretation should
be adopted, placing especial reliance on the assertion that the Respondent
knew that they were holding him responsible for the damage to the sewer.[note:
11] This is also somewhat corroborated by the Respondent’s own evidence, who
in his affidavit stated that:[note: 12]

The Plaintiffs agreed to my request to resign from the Project on the
following basis that: (i) I would not make a claim on my fees; and (ii) I
would assist Mr. Wu Ruixin as the newly appointed qualified person for
architectural and structural services, if so required.

Conspicuously, the Respondent did not refer to the damage inflicted on the
sewer as a basis for resignation.

60 In the circumstances, we held that an O 14 r 12 determination was
inappropriate in so far as this particular issue was concerned.

Is the Compromise Letter void or voidable on the ground of mistake?

Overview

61 The doctrine of mistake in contract law is a complex one. Fortunately, it
is unnecessary for the purposes of the present grounds of decision to delve
into its various facets – still less into the substantive merits of the
specific issues which the Appellants have sought to raise in the context of
the present case. However, it would be of some assistance to set out – in the
briefest possible manner – the applicable legal principles in so far as they
illustrate why the relevant issues cannot be resolved on the basis of
affidavit evidence alone, but can only, instead, be resolved at a trial.

Common mistake

(1) General

62 As has been observed (see “Mistake” in ch 10 of _The Law of Contract in
Singapore_ (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“
_Mistake_ ”) at para 10.026):

_A common mistake occurs when, although both offer and acceptance are
otherwise properly effected, both the contracting parties are, however,
mistaken as to the basis upon which they contracted._ In other words, although
both parties thought they were contracting with respect to certain specific
contractual subject matter, it turns out that, in point of fact, the actual
contractual subject matter is _radically different. Whilst the general concept
is easily stated, the criteria and (more importantly) application of those
criteria may … be quite a difficult task indeed._ [emphasis added]

63 There are in fact two broad categories of common mistake – common mistake
at common law and common mistake in equity, respectively. As we shall very
briefly touch on below, the latter category no longer exists under English
law, _but is still an existing category under Singapore law_.

(2) Common mistake at common law

64 In so far as the category of common mistake at _common law_ is concerned,
reference may be made to two leading English decisions (which also appear to
represent the law in the _Singapore_ context (see generally _Mistake_ at paras
10.092–10.108)) – the English High Court decision of _Associated Japanese Bank
(International) Ltd v Credit du Nord SA_ [1989] 1 WLR 255 (“ _Associated
Japanese Bank_ ”) and the English Court of Appeal decision of _Great Peace
Shipping Ltd v Tsavliris Salvage (International) Ltd_ [2003] QB 679 (“ _Great
Peace Shipping_ ”).

65 In so far as _Associated Japanese Bank_ is concerned, Steyn J (as he then
was) set out five important propositions (at 268–269) – a summary of which is
as follows (see _Mistake_ at para 10.052):

(a) **Proposition 1:** “The first imperative must be that the law ought to
uphold rather than destroy apparent contracts.” [see _Associated Japanese
Bank_ at 268]

(b) **Proposition 2:** “Secondly, the common law rules as to a mistake
regarding the quality of the subject matter, _like the common law rules
regarding commercial frustration_ , are designed to cope with the impact of
_unexpected and wholly exceptional circumstances_ on apparent contracts.”
[emphasis added] [see _Associated Japanese Bank_ at 268]

(c) **Proposition 3:** “Thirdly, such a mistake in order to attract legal
consequences must _substantially_ be shared by _both_ parties and must relate
to facts as they existed _at the time the contract was made_.” [emphasis
added] [see _Associated Japanese Bank_ at 268]

(d) **Proposition 4:** “Fourthly, and this is the point established by _Bell v
Lever Bros Ltd_ [[1932] AC 161] …, the mistake must render the subject matter
of the contract _essentially and radically different from the subject matter
which the parties believed to exist_.” [emphasis added] [see _Associated
Japanese Bank_ at 268]

(e) **Proposition 5:** “Fifthly, there is a requirement which was _not
specifically discussed_ in _Bell v Lever Bros Ltd_ … In my judgment a party
cannot be allowed to rely on a common mistake where the mistake consists of a
belief which is entertained by him _without any reasonable grounds_ for such
belief … That is not because principles such as estoppel or negligence require
it, but simply because _policy and good sense_ dictate that the positive rules
regarding common mistake should be so qualified. Curiously enough this
qualification is similar to the civilian concept where the doctrine of _error
in substantia_ is tempered by the principles governing _culpa in contrahendo.
More importantly_ , a recognition of this qualification is _consistent with_
the general approach in _equity_ where fault on the part of the party
adversely affected will generally preclude the granting of equitable relief.”
[emphasis added] [see _Associated Japanese Bank_ at 268–269]

[emphasis in original]

66 In so far as _Great Peace Shipping_ is concerned, Lord Phillips of Worth
Matravers MR set out the following five elements which must be satisfied
before the court concerned will find that there is a common mistake which is
sufficient to avoid the contract in question at common law (at [76]):

… [T]he following elements must be present if common mistake is to void a
contract: (i) there must be a common assumption as to the existence of a state
of affairs; (ii) there must be no warranty by either party that that state of
affairs exists; (iii) the non-existence of the state of affairs must not be
attributable to the fault of either party; (iv) the non-existence of the state
of affairs must render performance of the contract impossible; (v) the state
of affairs may be the existence, or a vital attribute, of the consideration to
be provided or circumstances which must subsist if performance of the
contractual adventure is to be possible.

67 Although there is much overlap between the propositions set out in
_Associated Japanese Bank_ (see above at [65]) and those set out in _Great
Peace Shipping_ (see above at [66]), they are not identical. An attempt has
been made to reconcile the propositions elsewhere (see generally _Mistake_ at
paras 10.067–10.090), with a proposed summary as follows (see _Mistake_ at
para 10.090):

(v) Summary

In summary, therefore, the application of the doctrine of common mistake at
common law may be approached by applying the following steps: firstly, the two
preconditions; and secondly, two requirements (bearing in mind throughout the
two general principles which constitute the background against which the
aforementioned preconditions and requirements are applied). These may be
summarised as such:

(a) The **_general principles_** , which are to be considered as part of the
background, are as follows:

(i)The First General Principle is that the law has as its paramount policy
concern the sanctity of contracts. It will seek to uphold them, rather than
destroy them.

(ii)Thus, according to the Second General Principle, the doctrine of mistake
caters (in a more specific vein) only to unexpected and wholly exceptional
circumstances.

(b) Before one considers how the doctrine of common mistake at common law is
to be applied, the following **_preconditions_** must be met:

(i)The First Precondition is that there must have been no allocation of risk
to either party of the consequences occasioned by the mistake.

(ii)The Second Precondition is that the mistake concerned must also not be
attributable to the fault of either party.

(c) The **_requirements_** of the test to determine if common mistake operates
to void the contract at common law are as follows:

(i)The First Requirement is that the mistake must be shared by both parties
and relate to facts or law before the contract was concluded.

(ii)The Second Requirement is that the mistake must render the subject matter
of the contract fundamentally different from the subject matter which the
parties contracted on as constituting the basis of their contract.

[emphasis in original]

68 It will suffice for the purposes of the present appeal to note that whether
or not there has been, on the facts of this case, a common mistake at common
law turns on the _factual_ question of whether the parties held a common
mistaken view of the ambit of the Compromise Letter. This is an issue that
cannot be resolved on the basis of affidavit evidence alone and can only be
resolved at a trial. That it is also a viable issue for trial is clear from
the existing facts to date (see above at [2]–[9] and, in particular, the fact
that the Second Appellant was charged by the PUB only in March 2012, some two
and a half years after the Compromise Letter was first signed). The
substantive merits and outcome can only be determined after _all_ the relevant
evidence has been adduced at the trial itself.

(3) Common mistake in equity

69 As alluded to at [63] above, there is no longer a doctrine of common
mistake in _equity_ under _English_ law (which was traditionally traced to the
statement of principle by Denning LJ (as he then was) in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Solle v Butcher_ [1950] 1 KB 671 (“ _Solle_ ”) at 692–693
(see also generally _Mistake_ at paras 10.109–10.116)). This was clearly
stated in _Great Peace Shipping_ (see also _Mistake_ at para 10.117). However,
it has been argued (albeit in an extrajudicial sphere) that there are good
reasons why _Solle_ ought still to be followed and the doctrine of common
mistake in equity upheld, notwithstanding the clear pronouncement to the
contrary in _Great Peace Shipping_ (see generally _Mistake_ at paras
10.119–10.122). Indeed, it is now established in the local case law that there
_continues to be_ a doctrine of common mistake in _equity_ , the leading
decision being that of this court in _Chwee Kin Keong and others v
Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 502 (“ _Digilandmall_ ”) (see also
generally _Mistake_ , especially at paras 10.130–10.133).

70 Again, what is germane in so far as the present appeal is concerned are the
considerations set out above (at [64]–[68]), which, given the close similarity
in the tests for common mistake at common law and common mistake in equity
(see also _Mistake_ at paras 10.134–10.140), would apply _equally_ to the
application of the doctrine of common mistake in _equity_ in the context of
the present appeal. Put simply, whether or not there has been a mistake of
this nature is an issue that cannot be resolved on the basis of affidavit
evidence alone and can only be resolved at a trial.

Unilateral Mistake – at common law and in equity

71 The Appellants now also seek to rely – in the alternative – on the doctrine
of _unilateral_ mistake. The focus in this particular regard is on the
situation where one party is mistaken but the other party is (or ought to be)
aware of the first party’s mistake. This is, of course, a simple statement of
the general law, which is rather more nuanced in its specifics (see generally
_Mistake_ , especially at paras 10.141–10.175). What _is_ important to
emphasise at this juncture is that there _is_ a doctrine of unilateral mistake
in the _Singapore_ context at both common law _and_ in equity (see _Mistake_
at paras 10.145–10.146), and the general principles of this doctrine are (for
the most part at least) fairly well-established (see generally _Mistake_ at
paras 10.162–10.175). In particular, the following statement of principle by
Chao Hick Tin JA, delivering the judgment of this court in _Digilandmall_ (at
[75]–[80]) (in respect of the doctrine of unilateral mistake in equity), may
be usefully noted:

75 We appreciate that there are difficulties in delineating precisely the
considerations which should apply for equity to intervene. One suggested way
to differentiate the application of the common law rule and equity would be to
hold that the former is limited to mistakes with regard to the subject matter
of the contract (like that in _Bell v Lever Bros_ [[1932] AC 161]), while the
latter can have regard to a wider and perhaps open-ended category of
“fundamental” mistake: see _William Sindall Plc v Cambridgeshire County
Council_ [1994] 1 WLR 1016 _per_ Hoffmann LJ at 1042.

76 In view of the difficulties, one may be tempted to take a clear simplistic
approach, namely, where there is actual knowledge, the contract would be void
at common law. But where there is no actual knowledge, the contract ought to
be performed. There would then be no room for equity to operate. But we
believe that simplicity may not always lead to a just result, especially where
innocent third parties are involved.

77 We do not think this court should approach the issue in a rigid and
dogmatic fashion. Equity is dynamic. A great attribute, thus an advantage, of
equity, is its flexibility to achieve the ends of justice. Constructive notice
is a concept of equity and whether constructive notice should lead the court
to intervene must necessarily depend on the presence of other factors which
could invoke the conscience of the court, such as “sharp practice” or
“unconscionable conduct”. Negligence _per se_ , on the other hand, should not
be sufficient to invoke equity. Parties to a contract do not owe a duty of
care to each other.

78 However, “unconscionability” cannot be imputed based on what a reasonable
person would have known. It must be based on matters the non-mistaken party
knows: see _Can-Dive Services v Pacific Coast Energy Corp_ (2000) 74 BCLR (3d)
30 (“ _Can-Dive_ ”) _per_ Southin JA at [142]. One cannot act unconscionably
if one does not know of facts which could render an act so. Thus, we do not
think we can accept the views of Shaw J, the lower court judge in _Can-Dive_ ,
that constructive knowledge alone would suffice to invoke equity’s conscience.
However, as we have indicated earlier, Canadian jurisprudence has moved in
that direction.

79 The point is raised by the appellants as to the relevance of the negligence
of the mistaken party. Clearly, more often than not, whenever a mistake has
occurred, there would have been carelessness, though the degree may vary from
case to case. This will be a factor which the court should take into account
to determine where equity lies. All we would add is that carelessness on the
part of the mistaken party does not, _ipso facto_ , disentitle that party to
relief.

80 To the extent that the court below thought that there is no equitable
jurisdiction in the courts to deal with the situation where one party is
mistaken as to an important or fundamental term, we would respectfully
disagree. Where the case falls within the common law doctrine of unilateral
mistake, there is, in effect, no contract. There will be no room for equity to
intervene. But where it does not and the court finds that there is
constructive knowledge on the part of the non-mistaken party, the court would,
in the exercise of its equitable jurisdiction, be entitled to intervene and
grant relief when it is unconscionable for the non-mistaken party to insist
that the contract be performed. Accordingly, we accept the _amicus curiae_ ’s
submission that constructive knowledge alone should not suffice to invoke
equity. There must be an additional element of impropriety. The conduct of
deliberately not bringing the suspicion of a possible mistake to the attention
of the mistaken party could constitute such impropriety.

72 What is of the first importance in so far as the _present appeal_ is
concerned is that whether or not the Appellants can successfully invoke the
doctrine of unilateral mistake at common law and/or in equity depends very
much on the relevant evidence adduced at the trial itself, and _not_ on
affidavit evidence alone. In particular, the resolution in this particular
regard (assuming that the mistake as to the ambit of the Compromise Letter is
a sufficiently fundamental mistake) turns on the factual questions of: (a)
whether the Appellants were mistaken as to the ambit of the Compromise Letter;
and (b) whether the Respondent had actual or constructive knowledge of the
Appellants’ mistake and (if the Respondent had constructive knowledge) whether
the Respondent acted unconscionably. In particular, the question of actual
knowledge is one of pure fact that can only be sufficiently ascertained after
full evidence has been given at the trial itself. The remaining issues of
constructive knowledge and unconscionable conduct are mixed issues of law and
fact which are also unsuitable for summary determination.

Conclusion

73 For the reasons set out above, the appeal was allowed. The decision of the
court below was set aside and Suit 762/2012 was remitted for trial.

74 We also allowed the application in SUM 6101/2013, with costs fixed at
$5,000 (including reasonable disbursements) awarded to the Respondent. Leave
was also granted to the Respondent to amend his pleadings pursuant to the
amendments to the Appellants’ pleadings.

75 Costs in the cause were awarded for SUM 608/2013 (the initial O 14 r 12
application before the AR). The costs awarded to the Appellants for RA
125/2013 (the appeal from the AR’s decision before the Judge) were fixed at
$10,000, plus reasonable disbursements. The costs awarded to the Appellants
for this appeal (_ie_ , Civil Appeal No 86 of 2013) were fixed at $10,000,
plus reasonable disbursements. We also made the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellants’ Core Bundle (“ACB”) vol 2, p 70.

[note: 2]_Ibid_.

[note: 3]_Ibid_.

[note: 4]_Ibid_.

[note: 5]_Ibid_.

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]_Ibid_.

[note: 8]_Ibid_.

[note: 9]_Ibid_.

[note: 10]_Ibid_.

[note: 11]Affidavit of Ong Puay Guan @ Steven Ong dated 25 February 2013 at
para 7 (ACB vol 2, p 162).

[note: 12]Affidavit of Chia Chin Yan dated 1 February 2013 at para 43 (ACB vol
2, p 66).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

