Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Interocean Holdings Group (BVI) Ltd _v_ Zi-Techasia (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(in liquidation)  
[2014] SGHC 9

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 981 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gerald Yee and Jasmin Yek (Colin Ng & Partners LLP) for
the plaintiff.  
Parties| :|  Interocean Holdings Group (BVI) Ltd — Zi-Techasia (Singapore) Pte
Ltd (in liquidation)  
  
13 January 2014|  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

1 This was an application made by the plaintiff for an order under s 279(1) of
the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) that the members’
voluntary liquidation of the defendant company be stayed altogether and that
the officers of the defendant be permitted to resume management of the
company. The plaintiff first appeared before me on 15 November 2013; the
defendant was not represented but I was shown a letter dated 21 October 2013
wherein the liquidator said for the defendant that it had no objection to this
application.[note: 1]

2 After hearing oral submissions I was satisfied that I had the power under s
279(1) of the Act to grant the stay but I adjourned the matter to consider
first, whether I should grant a stay; and second, whether it would have the
effect which the plaintiff said it did and therefore whether I ought to grant
the second prayer.

3 On the first point, I directed the plaintiff to provide satisfactory answers
on why it required the resurrection of the defendant when it would be easier
and cheaper simply to incorporate a new company. When the matter was heard
again on 30 December 2013, I was informed that there were financial and tax
incentives in reinstating the defendant company; the defendant company was
part of a larger group of companies, the Zuellig Industrial Group, and such
incentives would have to be captured before the close of the Zuellig
Industrial Group’s financial year. I was satisfied with this reason.

4 In the meantime I had also considered the issue of whether the plaintiff’s
second prayer had the effect in law claimed by the plaintiff and after
reviewing the authorities I came to the conclusion that it did.

5 As both my concerns were allayed, at the hearing on 30 December 2013 I
granted the plaintiff’s order in terms. But as the matter appeared to deal
with an issue of law on which there is no Singapore authority, I thought it
appropriate to issue grounds for my decision.

6 The background facts were these. The plaintiff was a holding company
beneficially entitled to all the issued shares of the defendant. The defendant
was a Singapore company incorporated on 2 September 2004. On 12 April 2013,
the members of the defendant resolved at an extraordinary general meeting to
put the company into voluntary winding up on the basis that it had no business
transaction for over 12 months. Liquidators from Baker Tilly TFW LLP were
appointed.

7 Subsequently, the plaintiff changed its mind. It now wanted the business of
the defendant to continue so that the defendant could “be profitable from new
potential business”.[note: 2] I was told that there was also considerable
goodwill in the defendant’s corporate name and that there were, as I have
said, financial and tax incentives for reinstating the defendant. On 4
September 2013, an extraordinary general meeting of the company was held
wherein it was resolved by way of special resolution that the company would
withdraw its winding up petition and then do one of three things: void the
dissolution, stay the winding up proceedings altogether, or revoke them
entirely. On 30 September 2013, the liquidators wrote[note: 3] to say they had
no objections to the cessation or stay of the members’ voluntary winding up.
The liquidators said that as at 11 April 2013, the defendant had cash at the
bank in the sum of $94,715.99 and no liabilities and that, as at 30 September
2013, it had $92,881.63 to its credit at the bank representing the sum of the
defendant’s surplus assets. There were prior liabilities which by that date
had been discharged. The defendant owed the plaintiff $709,095 of which
$699,998 was capitalised to equity and the remaining sum of $9,097 was paid in
full. It owed $133,176 to Argus Industrial Group Holdings Ltd (“AIGHL”) which
were also paid in full. Accrued expenses of $5,293 up to 31 January 2013 were
also paid in full. Thus, as at 30 September 2013, the liquidators were able to
say that there were no outstanding liabilities; that they had been paid their
fees out of the defendant’s assets prior to liquidation; and that they were
not aware of any misfeasance proceedings against the officers of the defendant
or of any other way in which the conduct of the defendant was against
commercial morality or the public interest.

8 I turn now to the law. Section 279(1) of the Act reads as follows:

**279**.—(1) At any time after an order for winding up has been made, the
Court may, on the application of the liquidator or of any creditor or
contributory and on proof to the satisfaction of the Court that all
proceedings in relation to the winding up ought to be stayed, make an order
staying the proceedings either altogether or for a limited time on such terms
and conditions as the Court thinks fit.

9 This is a provision dealing with general powers of a court on winding up;
and notwithstanding the words on its face it would also apply in a voluntary
winding up due to the effect of s 310 of the Act which reads:

**310**.—(1) The liquidator or any contributory or creditor may apply to the
Court —

(_a_) to determine any question arising in the winding up of a company; or

(_b_) to exercise all or any of the powers which the Court might exercise if
the company were being wound up by the Court.

(2) The Court, if satisfied that the determination of the question or the
exercise of power will be just and beneficial, may accede wholly or partially
to any such application on such terms and conditions as it thinks fit or may
make such other order on the application as it thinks just.

10 I was therefore satisfied that I had the power to order a stay of winding
up proceedings altogether and further that the exercise of this power was
entirely discretionary.

11 As to the exercise of discretion, the plaintiff cited the cases of
_Chimbusco International Petroleum (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Jalalludin bin
Abdullah and other matters_ [2013] 2 SLR 801 and _In re Calgary & Edmonton
Land Co Ltd (In Liquidation)_ [1975] 1 WLR 355 (“ _Re Calgary_ ”) as
authorities for the proposition that stays have been granted where all the
creditors have been paid or provided for, or where a scheme of arrangement has
been agreed to by the creditors.

12 _Re Calgary_ is a case which had to do with s 256(1) of the UK Companies
Act 1948 (c 38) (UK), which is _in pari materia_ with s 279(1) of the Act.
Megarry J considered “that the application for a stay must make out a case
that carries conviction”, at 358–359; and then went on to discuss in some
detail the persons whose interests had to be considered by the court when
deciding whether or not to exercise its discretion, at 360:

That brings me to the third point, that of the persons whose interests have to
be considered on an application for a stay. These must, of course, depend on
the circumstances of each case; but where, as here, there is a strong
probability, if not more, that the assets of the company will suffice to pay
all the creditors and the expenses of the liquidation, and so leave a surplus
for the members of the company, there are plainly three categories to
consider. First, there are the creditors. Their rights are finite, in that
they cannot claim more than 100p in the pound. I cannot see that in normal
circumstances any objection to a stay could be made on behalf of the creditors
if for each of them it is established either that he has been paid in full, or
that satisfactory provision for him to be paid in full has been or will be
made, or else that he consents to the stay or is otherwise bound not to object
to it. Second, there is the liquidator. By section 309 [of the Companies Act
1948], all costs, charges and expenses properly incurred in the winding up,
including the liquidator’s remuneration, are made payable out of the assets of
the company in priority to all other claims. Where a liquidator has accepted
office on this footing, I cannot see that in normal circumstances it would be
right to stay the winding up unless his special position had been fully
safeguarded, either by paying him the proper amount for his expenses or by
sufficiently securing payment. A liquidator who loses control of the assets by
reason of a stay ought normally to be properly safeguarded in relation to his
expenses. Third, there are the members of the company. No question of
satisfying them by immediate payment of all that they are entitled to can very
well arise; for unlike the creditors, with their ascertained or ascertainable
debts, the rights of the members cannot be quantified until the liquidation is
complete. Accordingly, in normal circumstances I think that no stay should be
granted unless each member either consents to it, or is otherwise bound not to
object to it, or else there is secured to him the right to receive all that he
would have received had the winding up proceeded to its conclusion. Each
member has a right of a proprietary nature to share in the surplus assets, and
each should be protected against the destruction of that right without good
cause.

13 I was satisfied that these statements represent the correct principles in
relation to the interests that should be considered by the court in deciding
whether or not to grant a stay. If the interested parties so identified have
consented to a stay the court should seldom and only with good reason stand in
their way. I would add that this should be contingent on the party seeking a
stay being able to demonstrate in full and forthright detail the reasons for
which a stay is sought. I was not sure whether the court should also consider
separately whether a stay would be “conducive or detrimental to commercial
morality and to the interests of the public at large”: per Buckley J in _In re
Telescriptor Syndicate, Limited_ [1903] 2 Ch 174 at 180; but even if I did
consider this I was of the view that in the present case the business carried
on was above board and there was nothing that I could see that would offend
any notion of commercial morality.

14 In the present case, all the relevant parties have been notified of this
application. The creditors have been paid off in full and no longer have any
interest in the matter. The plaintiff was the main creditor and has affirmed
that it has been satisfied in full. I was shown a letter from AIGHL confirming
that it no longer had any interest in the application and therefore consented
to the application. The liquidators and the defendant had no objection. The
plaintiff as I have said was able to satisfy me as to its reasons for
reinstating the defendant.

15 I now deal with the issue of the effect of a stay altogether. Upon
reviewing the authorities, I was satisfied for the following reasons that the
effect of a “stay altogether” of winding up proceedings would be to put the
officers of the company back into management.

16 In Singapore, a winding up order once perfected is one of those strange
creatures that cannot be set aside or revoked. At least, there is no express
provision in the Act permitting this. The weight of foreign jurisprudence
construing the older English and Australian legislation that is _in pari
materia_ with our Act is that the only remedy is to stay the winding up. In
_Re Intermain Properties Limited_ (1985) 1 BCC 99555 (“ _Re Intermain_ ”)
Hoffmann J held that a winding up order has much wider consequences than the
usual judgment _inter partes_ because its statutory effect was wide ranging
and such an order could therefore not be rescinded notwithstanding bad
service. In Australia and the United Kingdom the position has changed
following legislative amendments permitting rescission or termination of
winding up orders, an innovation which Singapore has not so far followed.
Neither has Malaysia; in _Megah Teknik Sdn Bhd v Miracle Resources Sdn Bhd_
[2010] 4 MLJ 651, a decision of the Court of Appeal in Putrajaya, Abu Samah
Nordin JCA surveyed the older authorities from England, Australia and New
Zealand and concluded that the weight of opinion was that a winding up order
could not be rescinded where there was no statutory provision permitting this,
save for those circumstances where the court may exercise its inherent
jurisdiction. I am not sure whether this last exception is good law in
Singapore but I do not need to express any decided opinion on it.

17 While these authorities were cases in which the company had been ordered
into winding up, in my view the position would be the same in a voluntary
winding up, _viz_ , that once commenced (see s 291(6) of the Act) the
voluntary winding up cannot be revoked or rescinded. The following passage
from Andrew R Keay, _McPherson’s Law of Company Liquidation_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
2nd Ed, 2009) at para 17.006 sets out the applicable principles which should
also apply where winding up is commenced voluntarily as well as by way of
court order:

A company that is put into liquidation undergoes a change of status involving
certain legal consequences … Although its corporate status and powers are not
as such affected by the liquidation, the company exists thereafter only for
the purpose of being wound up, the directors’ powers pass to the liquidator,
and there are restrictions on the alienation of its property and on the right
to take proceedings and levy execution against it. Because these changes are
the result of statutory enactment, they cannot be displaced by any act whereby
the company of its own motion reverts to its former state. This can only be
achieved by obtaining an order of the court staying proceedings in the winding
up.

18 In my view, as the state of the law stands at present, the only way a
company being wound up can be put back into its former state is by way of a
court order staying the winding up proceedings and this is so whether the
company has been put voluntarily into winding up or is in such a state by way
of court order. In _Krextile Holdings Pty Ltd v Widdows Re Brush Fabrics
Proprietary Limited_ [1974] VR 689 (“ _Krextile Holdings_ ”), Gillard J
discussed the effect of a perpetual stay granted under s 243 of the Companies
Act 1961 (No 6839 of 1961) (Victoria), which is _in pari materia_ with s 279
of the Act, in the following terms, at 693:

Although the important and operative expression in s 243 contains a reference
to “proceedings”, in my view, the word is not limited merely to applications
to the Court, or to any proceedings that must be brought to the Court under
the [Companies Act 1961 (Victoria)] in relation to a winding up. In my
opinion, all the matters that flow directly from or are invoked by the making
of an order as a part of the process of winding up under the provisions of the
[Companies Act 1961 (Victoria)] are “proceedings in relation to the winding
up”. It is the performance or observance of all the statutory powers and
duties indicated above which are comprehended within the expression “all
proceedings in relation to the winding up”.

Accordingly, if an order were made under s 243 of the [Companies Act 1961
(Victoria)] it would be the process of winding up referred to in the various
statutory consequences set out above and which directly flow from the making
of the order that would be stayed. The Court, of course, is not empowered to
revoke or recall its order once it is passed and entered. The effect of a
perpetual stay of proceedings under s 243, however, must mean a virtual end to
the winding-up process under that order. The statutory provisions that
ordinarily would cause certain things to be done no longer apply to the
company and the order for winding up becomes quite inoperative: see, per
Molesworth J, in _Re Oriental Bank Corporation [1884] Vic Law Rp 24;_ (1884)
10 VLR (E) 154, at p. 185; _Re Western of Canada Oil, Lands and Works Co_.,
[1874] WN 148; _Re Stephen Walters and Sons Ltd._ (1926) 70 Sol Jo 953; _Re
South Barrule Slate Quarry Co._ (1869) LR 8 Eq 688; cf _Re Telescriptor
Syndicate, Ltd._ , [1903] 2 Ch 174.

Doubtless the Court would protect the interests of the liquidator and any
person who could possibly be affected by its order by invoking the latter part
of the section to grant the order for a stay only on terms, but once a
perpetual stay was granted, the winding-up process comes to an end under the
order and the company, still existing as a _persona juridica_ may then carry
on its business and affairs in accordance with its memorandum and articles of
association, as if no winding-up order existed. To say the least, this
conclusion may be regarded as somewhat paradoxical. The order to wind up made
by a court of competent jurisdiction remains unrevoked, even though a stay be
granted, but on granting the stay under s 234, the Court renders its own order
a dead letter.

19 In the present case there was no prior order of court and hence there was
nothing to be revoked or to be rendered a “dead letter”, but I agreed with the
other observations in this passage.

20 In _Austral Brick Co Pty Ltd v Falgat Constructions Pty Ltd_ (1990) 2 ACSR
766 (“ _Austral Brick_ ”), Young J had to decide the same issue before me
which is whether, upon the staying of a winding up, the powers of the
directors re-vest in them. After citing the above passage from _Krextile
Holdings_ , Young J made the following observations, at 769:

This appears to be the clue to the solution to the problem that arises in this
case. Although the word “stay” normally denotes the freezing of an existing
situation so that no fresh step may be taken, with a winding up order it
appears that a stay means that the cloud over the company’s normal activities
is temporarily or indefinitely removed. As the directors remain in office and
their powers are merely removed, the imposition of a stay permits the
directors once again to implement their powers: see _Collins v G Collins &
Sons Pty Ltd_ [(1984) 9 ACLR 58].

21 I think this is correct. In the scheme of the Act, once winding up has been
stayed altogether, this means that the process of liquidation set out in the
Act leading ineluctably to the dissolution of the company is stayed. All
proceedings in relation to winding up become stayed including all the
statutory duties and activities of the liquidator. Under s 294(2), on the
appointment of a liquidator, all the powers of the directors cease except in
so far as the liquidator or the company in general meeting with the consent of
the liquidator approves the continuance thereof. The powers merely cease; the
office is not extinguished; and so if the statutory process of liquidation is
stayed, it must follow that the powers of the directors which were in abeyance
while the company was in winding up now continue. Therefore the effect would
be to put the officers of the company back into control.

22 I was further of the view that a stay takes effect only from the date of
the pronouncement of the stay and is not backdated to the date of the winding
up order or (as here) the date that voluntary winding up commences. The
winding up is stayed, not set aside, rescinded or discharged. Therefore a stay
does not undo the actions of the liquidator but operates only to halt the
proceedings and thenceforth to permit the officers of the company to continue
in control. In _American International Assurance Bhd v Coordinated Services L
Design Sdn Bhd_ [2012] 1 MLJ 369 the issue was whether a stay order could
validate dealings entered into by the company from the date of the winding up
to the date of the stay order. The Court of Appeal (Putrajaya) in construing
the effect of a stay order obtained under s 243(1) of the Companies Act 1965
(Act 125) (Malaysia) (_in pari materia_ to s 279(1) of the Act) held it could
not. Ramly Ali JCA said, at [23]:

There are strings of authorities to show that a stay order takes effect from
the date of pronouncement of the order and not backdated to the date of the
winding up order. A stay order does not wipe the winding up order out of
existence but would only be operative from the date of the granting of the
stay order. Therefore the question of validating all dealings and agreements
entered into after the date of the winding up until the date of the stay order
(as being done be the learned judge in the present case and described by
Abdoolcader J as against the principles of commercial morality) does not arise
at all (see _Vijayalakshmi Devi d/o Nadchatiram v Jegadevan s/o Nadchatiram &
Ors_; _BSN Commercial Bank (M) Bhd v River View Properties Sdn Bhd and another
action_ [1996] 1 MLJ 872; _Perdana Merchant Bankers Bhd v Maril Rionebel (M)
Sdn Bhd_ ; _Mookapillai & Anor v Liquidator, Sri Saringgit Sdn Bhd & Ors;
McAusland v Deputy Commissioner of Taxation_ (1993) 118 ALR 577).

23 I think this is correct but the question fortunately does not arise for
decision in the present case.

24 For the reasons above I could see no reason in the circumstances to refuse
the application and therefore gave order in terms. I made no order as to
costs.

25 By way of postscript I would add that there remain some questions in the
present stay regime that I think may require legislative intervention to
resolve. The first is the proper procedure if the defendant company were to be
wound up in future. It might be thought that as the winding up is only stayed,
it would be open to any interested party to apply to court to have the stay
order set aside or varied so that winding up could, in a sense, continue.
However the present winding up proceedings were commenced on the footing of a
members’ voluntary winding up and it is uncertain whether, in future, should
the company become insolvent, a creditor could apply afresh under s 254 for
the company to be wound up by the court. In _Re Intermain_ , Hoffmann J was of
the opinion that an existing petition should be regarded as exhausted by a
perfected winding up order which being stayed would make it necessary for a
fresh winding up petition to be presented. But nothing was said whether this
principle would apply also to cases of voluntary winding up.

26 The second point is that with regard to powers of directors, there is an
issue that were the directors to quit office whether through the efflux of
time or by the effect of provisions in the articles of association there could
be nobody to take up the reins of the company in the case that winding up was
stayed altogether. This was the concern raised by Young J in _Austral Brick_
at 769. In such a case the court may need to make further orders to appoint
new directors, but we currently have no statutory provisions dealing with
that. By way of comparison, s 482(3) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001
states that where a court has made an order terminating a winding up, it may
also give directions for the resumption of the management and control of the
company by its officers, including directions for the convening of a general
meeting of members of the company to elect directors of the company to take
office upon the termination of the winding up. Also, I do not doubt that there
may be other conceptual conundrums thrown up because a permanent stay of
winding up is, in the words of Tipping J in _Re Kim Maxwell Ltd_ [1992] 1 NZLR
69, a contradiction in terms. The insolvency regime may benefit from
legislative clarity on the issue.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Yek Jia Min (Ye Jiamin, Jasmin) dated 7 November 2013 at
p 19.

[note: 2]Affidavit of Daniel Christian Zuellig dated 16 October 2013 at p 5

[note: 3]Affidavit of Daniel Christian Zuellig dated 16 October 2013 at p 37

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

