Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Nasco Gem”  
[2014] SGCA 1

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 617 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Toh Kian Sing SC, Nathanael Lin and Justin Gan (Rajah &
Tann LLP) for the applicant; Prem Gurbani and Tan Hui Tsing (Gurbani & Co) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  The "Nasco Gem"  
  
7 January 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an application for extension of time to file a notice of appeal
against the order made by the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in Summons No
3640 of 2012 (“SUM 3640/2012”) dismissing the applicant’s application to,
_inter alia_ , set aside the warrant of arrest and service of the admiralty
writ in Admiralty in Rem No 249 of 2012 (“ADM 249/2012”). The anterior, albeit
crucial, question for determination is whether leave to appeal is required in
respect of the Judge’s order in the light of s 34(2)(_d_) of the Supreme Court
of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”) read with para (_e_) of
the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA.

Background facts

2 The material facts may be summarised as follows. The applicant (“the
Applicant”) is the owner of the ship the “Nasco Gem” (“the Vessel”) and the
defendant in ADM 249/2012. The respondent (“the Respondent”) is the plaintiff
in ADM 249/2012. On 10 July 2012, the Respondent arrested the Vessel pursuant
to an order obtained in ADM 249/2012. The substantive claim of the Respondent
in ADM 249/2012 was as the holder of bills of lading dated 26 May 2012 (“the
B/Ls”) and for the alleged misdelivery of the goods under the B/Ls.
Subsequently, the Applicant applied _vide_ SUM 3640/2012 dated 20 July 2012
(“the Setting Aside Application”) to, _inter alia_ , set aside the warrant of
arrest and service of the admiralty writ on the grounds that there was non-
disclosure of material facts and that the arrest was an abuse of process, and
also seeking damages for wrongful arrest. In particular, the Applicant alleged
that the warrant of arrest was obtained based on two critical representations
made to the Assistant Registrar (in an _ex parte_ application) which the
Applicant claimed were erroneous, _viz_ , that (a) the Respondent was the
holder of the B/Ls and therefore had _locus standi_ to sue on them; and (b)
the cargo had been misdelivered to a third party buyer by the Applicant
without the presentation of the B/Ls and had thereafter been moved out of the
port vicinity. On 17 August 2012, the Judge dismissed the Setting Aside
Application.

3 On 29 August 2012, the Applicant applied in Summons No 4424 of 2012 (“the
Leave Application”) for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal against the
decision of the Judge dismissing the Setting Aside Application. The Leave
Application was initially scheduled to be heard on 5 October 2012. However,
due to repeated vacations of the hearing dates, the Leave Application was
eventually fixed to be heard on 25 June 2013.

4 The Applicant asserts that on or around 20 June 2013, its solicitors started
preparations for the hearing of the Leave Application and, in the process,
they came across the recent decisions of this court in _OpenNet Pte Ltd v
Info-Communications Development Authority of Singapore_ [2013] 2 SLR 880 (“
_OpenNet”_) and _Dorsey James Michael v World Sport Group Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3
SLR 354 (“ _Dorsey_ ”). The Applicant claims that by virtue of these two
decisions, an appeal to the Court of Appeal lay as of right against the
Judge’s decision dismissing the Setting Aside Application and that, contrary
to its previous understanding, leave to appeal was not required. As a result,
on 25 June 2013, the Applicant withdrew the Leave Application. Because by then
it was out of time for the Applicant to file any notice of appeal, it, on 30
June 2013, filed the present application for an extension of time to file a
notice of appeal (“the Extension of Time Application”) (_ie_ , on the premise
that it has the right to appeal but was only out of time).

The parties’ arguments

5 The Applicant submits that, in light of the elucidation of this court in
_OpenNet_ and _Dorsey_ , the order handed down by the Judge in the Setting
Aside Application is not “an order at the hearing of any interlocutory
application” requiring leave to appeal under s 34(2)(_d_) of the SCJA, but is
appealable as of right under s 29A of the SCJA. The Applicant further submits
that leave should be granted to it to file a notice of appeal out of time. In
particular, the Applicant argues that the delay in bringing the Extension of
Time Application should be seen in light of the various extenuating and
exceptional circumstances. The Applicant explains that without any clear
authority at the time as to the proper interpretation of s 34(2)(_d_) and para
(_e_) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA (brought about by the 2010 statutory
amendments to the SCJA), it had taken a legitimate and considered decision in
August 2012 to apply for leave to appeal against the dismissal of the Setting
Aside Application as opposed to simply filing a notice of appeal to the Court
of Appeal.

6 Conversely, the Respondent takes the view that the Judge’s order dismissing
the Setting Aside Application is an interlocutory order falling within para
(_e_) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA. Therefore, leave of a High Court
judge is required before an appeal can be brought against the order. Moreover,
even if the Judge’s order was a final order and an appeal lies as a matter of
right to the Court of Appeal, the Respondent submits that the Extension of
Time Application should still not be granted as the application is grossly out
of time.

Our Analysis

The law

7 On 15 November 2010, amendments were made to the SCJA _vide_ the Supreme
Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 2010 (No 30 of 2010). The amendments
material to this application took the form of a re-worded s 34, as well as the
insertion of the Fourth and Fifth Schedules to the SCJA which set out the
matters that are non-appealable to the Court of Appeal and the matters which
are appealable only with leave of a High Court judge (collectively, “the 2010
Amendments”). Where a matter does not fall specifically within these two
schedules, an appeal to the Court of Appeal as of right remains available. The
2010 Amendments sought to streamline and restrict the right of appeal to the
Court of Appeal against orders made at “interlocutory applications”. For this
purpose, s 34(2) of, and the Fourth and Fifth Schedules to, the SCJA grouped
“interlocutory applications” into three distinct categories:

(a) a first closed list from which an appeal lies as of right;

(b) a second closed list of non-appealable orders made in interlocutory
applications; and

(c) a residual, blanket list in which an appeal lies only with leave of the
High Court.

8 The material parts of s 34(2) and the Fifth Schedule are reproduced below:

**Matters that are non-appealable or appealable only with leave**

**34.—** …

(2) Except with the leave of a Judge, no appeal shall be brought to the Court
of Appeal in any of the following cases:

…

(_d_) where a Judge makes an order specified in the Fifth Schedule, except in
such circumstances as may be specified in that Schedule; …

…

FIFTH SCHEDULE

ORDERS MADE BY JUDGE THAT ARE APPEALABLE ONLY WITH LEAVE

Except with the leave of a Judge, no appeal shall be brought to the Court of
Appeal in any of the following cases:

…

(_e_)where a Judge makes an order at the hearing of any interlocutory
application other than an application for any of the following matters:

(i)for summary judgment;

(ii)to set aside a default judgment;

(iii)to strike out an action or a matter commenced by a writ of summons or by
any other originating process, a pleading or part of a pleading;

(iv)to dismiss an action or a matter commenced by a writ of summons or by any
other originating process;

(v)for further and better particulars;

(vi)for leave to amend a pleading;

(vii)for security for costs;

(viii)for discovery or inspection of documents;

(ix)for interrogatories to be varied or withdrawn, or for leave to serve
interrogatories;

(x)for a stay of proceedings.

9 _OpenNet_ was the first opportunity which this court had to examine the
scope and application of the 2010 Amendments. In that case, the question arose
in the context of an appeal against the High Court’s refusal to grant leave to
commence judicial review, where the application for leave was made by way of
an originating summons. There, the respondent’s primary argument in its
attempt to strike out the notice of appeal filed by the appellant was
essentially that para (_e_) of the Fifth Schedule was a “catch-all provision”
requiring leave to appeal in relation to orders made in all “interlocutory
applications” unless specifically exempted, and that the application for leave
to commence judicial review was “interlocutory” because it was only “a
preliminary step to the substantive application for judicial review”:
_OpenNet_ at [11]. This court disagreed with the respondent and declined to
strike out the notice of appeal. In a nutshell, the court held that the very
relief sought by the originating summons was only to obtain leave to commence
proceedings for judicial review. In other words, the substantive issue in the
originating process had been absolutely determined by the judge at first
instance when he refused leave and there was “nothing more to proceed on”. For
that reason, the application for leave to commence judicial review could not
be an “interlocutory application for the purposes of the SCJA”. The detailed
reasoning of the court is as follows:

(a) Section 29A of the SCJA provided that the Court of Appeal had jurisdiction
over appeals from “any judgment or order of the High Court in any civil cause
or matter”, subject to the provisions of the SCJA or “any other written law
regulating the terms and conditions upon which such appeals may be brought”.
Unless it was shown that the right of a party to appeal against a decision of
the High Court was statutorily curtailed, that party would be entitled to
appeal to the Court of Appeal: at [17] and [31].

(b) The plain and ordinary meaning of “interlocutory application” meant an
application which related to a matter which arose in the course of the
proceedings and which did not concern the eventual outcome of those
proceedings. However, it did not follow that an “interlocutory application” in
the context of the SCJA would always be for that purpose. That is because an
application for summary judgment, or for the striking out of an action, is no
less an “interlocutory application” even though the outcome of the application
could bring the proceedings to an end: at [14] and [17].

(c) Taking a purposive interpretation in accordance with s 9A(1) of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Interpretation Act”), an
interpretation that would promote the purpose underlying the SCJA was to be
preferred. The broad scheme of things envisaged under the SCJA was that an
appeal to the Court of Appeal would generally be as of right if the order made
at an interlocutory application had the effect of finally disposing of the
substantive rights of the parties; while an appeal to the Court of Appeal
would ordinarily be denied for orders made at interlocutory applications which
do not really affect the substantive rights of the parties in the main action,
and which are deemed to involve established principles of law. The middle
category, which consists also of orders made at interlocutory applications but
which lie in the middle of these two extreme situations, may be appealed to
the Court of Appeal only with leave of court: at [15] and [18].

(d) In refusing leave to commence judicial review, the substantive issue in
the originating summons had been decided upon and the proceedings had come to
an absolute end unless there could be an appeal. Therefore, the application
made in the originating summons was not an “interlocutory application” under
para (_e_) of the Fifth Schedule. Accordingly, para (_e_) of the Fifth
Schedule was not applicable and no leave of court was needed to file an appeal
against the decision of the High Court in refusing to grant leave to commence
judicial review: at [21].

10 The provisions were examined again in _Dorsey_ , in the context of an
appeal against an order of the High Court giving leave to serve pre-action
interrogatories. The respondent in that case argued that para (_i_) of the
Fourth Schedule, which lists the order made by a judge that are non-
appealable, should be given its plain and ordinary meaning and should be
construed to include pre-action interrogatories applied for by way of an
originating summons. Again, this court disagreed, holding that the relevant
statutory provisions must be interpreted in accordance with the purpose or
object underlying the statute, _viz_ , to streamline appeals to the Court of
Appeal arising from interlocutory applications. In dismissing the respondent’s
application to strike out the notice of appeal, this court laid down the
following propositions:

(a) Ordinarily, any judgment or order of the High Court was appealable to the
Court of Appeal as of right, unless that right was specifically curtailed by
law: at [11].

(b) Section 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act mandated that a purposive approach
be taken in statutory interpretation. The purposive approach was paramount and
took precedence over any other common law principle of interpretation
including the plain meaning rule. Moreover, under the purposive approach,
reference could be made to extrinsic material such as parliamentary debates
even if, on a plain reading, the words of the statutory provision are
unambiguous or do not produce unreasonable or absurd results: at [18] and
[19].

(c) The question before the court was whether para (_i_) of the Fourth
Schedule, when read harmoniously with the statutory context, included an order
of a judge giving or refusing pre-action interrogatories. This question turned
on the anterior question of whether an application for leave to serve pre-
action interrogatories was an “interlocutory” application for the purposes of
the SCJA: at [50].

(d) It was clear that the legislative scheme introduced by the 2010 Amendments
was only intended to apply to orders made in relation to interlocutory
applications. Paragraph (_i_) of the Fourth Schedule should also be read
contextually, in light of para (_e_) of the Fifth Schedule which established
the default requirement that leave of the High Court be obtained before an
appeal could be brought to the Court of Appeal from orders made at the hearing
of interlocutory applications. Accordingly, para (_i_) of the Fourth Schedule
should be construed to refer to an order giving or refusing interrogatories
made at the hearing of an interlocutory application for interrogatories: at
[51] to [54].

(e) Counsel for the respondent properly conceded that an application for leave
to serve pre-action interrogatories commenced by way of an originating summons
was not an interlocutory application. Such an application was not an
application made in a pending action between the time when the action was
filed in court and when the action was finally disposed of. The sole object of
the originating summons was to obtain discovery of information through the
administration of interrogatories. Once the application was determined, the
entire subject matter of that originating summons was spent and there was
nothing further for the court to deal with: at [57], [60] and [64].

(f) Therefore, an application for leave to serve pre-action interrogatories
did not fall within the meaning of “interlocutory application” under the SCJA.
It followed that the reference to “interrogatories” in para (_i_) of the
Fourth Schedule did not include pre-action interrogatories: at [74].

11 In _Dorsey_ , this court also considered the interpretation of para (_e_)
of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA, in particular, whether the default
requirement of leave under para (_e_) of the Fifth Schedule applied regardless
of the nature of the order made. The court observed that in passing the 2010
Amendments, Parliament had intended that an appeal to the Court of Appeal
should remain as of right in respect of an order made in an interlocutory
application that could affect the final outcome of the action. In the
circumstances, the reference to “order” in para (_e_) of the Fifth Schedule
should be construed to mean an “interlocutory order”: at [79], [81] and [91].
The court attempted to explain the decision in _OpenNet_ in light of its
preceding analysis, in the following terms (at [90]):

In _OpenNet_ … this court was taking precisely the same approach as we have
articulated here. Put simply,  _OpenNet_ held in effect that the **_2010
amendments did not apply to an_****order**** _that was final in the sense that
it effectively disposed of a party's substantive claim to relief, even if that
order was made in the course of an application that might have been
interlocutory in nature_****.** [emphasis added in bold italics]

12 The court in _Dorsey_ also referred to its earlier decision of _Maldives
Airport Co Ltd and another v GMR Malé International Airport Pte Ltd_ [2013] 2
SLR 449 (“ _Maldives_ ”) as being directly on point. There, the respondent had
applied by way of originating summons for an interim injunction under s 12 of
the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed). The judge had
granted the injunction and the appellant appealed to the Court of Appeal.
Before the Court of Appeal, the respondent raised the preliminary objection
that the decision of the judge to grant the injunction was an order made at
the hearing of an interlocutory application, such that leave to appeal was
required pursuant to s 34(2)(_d_) of the SCJA, read with para (_e_) of the
Fifth Schedule. In rejecting the respondent’s challenge, the court in
_Maldives_ held (at [15]) that:

… [I]t is incorrect to characterise the Judge’s decision as one made on an
interlocutory application. The application for the Injunction was made by OS
1128; the sole purpose of OS 1128 was to seek the Injunction. It would be odd
if OS 1128 were characterised as an interlocutory application when there was
nothing further for the court to deal with once the Injunction had either been
either granted or refused. This was not a case where an interlocutory
injunction was sought pending the resolution of a substantive dispute before
the court. The sole and entire purpose of the originating process in this case
was to obtain the Injunction. **_Once that application had been determined,
the entire subject matter of that proceeding would have been spent._**
[emphasis added in bold italics]

13 _Dorsey_ also referred to _Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau
Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 525 (“ _Wellmix Organics_ ”), an authority of this
court on the legislative scheme prior to the 2010 Amendments. There, this
court approved the following test as laid down by Lord Alverstone CJ in
_Bozson v Altrincham Urban District Council_ [1903] 1 KB 547 at 548–549 (“the
_Bozson_ test”) in determining whether an order made was of an interlocutory
or final nature:

Does the judgment or order, as made, finally dispose of the rights of the
parties? If it does, then … it ought to be treated as a final order; but if it
does not, it is then … an interlocutory order.

The following _dicta_ in _Wellmix Organics_ (at [16]) (in discussing the
meaning of “interlocutory order” under s 34(1)(_c_) of the old SCJA) was also
cited in _Dorsey_ (at [63]):

We recognise that on [the _Bozson_ test], it is possible that an order granted
in one proceeding may be interlocutory and yet the same nature of order
granted in another proceeding may be final. The point may again best be
illustrated by an example. Taking the case of an action for breach of
contract, where an application is made for discovery of documents, the order
for discovery will be an interlocutory order. But it does not follow that
every discovery order will necessarily be an interlocutory order. It will
depend on the nature of the originating process and the relief(s) prayed for.
A proceeding may be instituted purely to obtain pre-action discovery. In that
situation, upon the granting of the order prayed for, that order will be a
final order **_because it disposes of everything in the proceeding_**.
[emphasis added in bold italics]

14 In the light of the preceding authorities, the following propositions may
be made as regards the question whether an order made by a High Court judge is
appealable as of right, non-appealable or appealable only with leave of court:

(a) There shall be no right of appeal in respect of an order made by a High
Court judge which falls within the Fourth Schedule, s 34(1)(_d_) or s
34(1)(_e_).

(b) Where an application would in the normal sense be regarded as
“interlocutory” (that is, where the application is peripheral to the main
hearing determining the outcome of the case, or occurs during the course of
proceedings between the initiation of the action and the final determination),
one will have to apply the tests in _OpenNet_ and _Dorsey_ (informed by the
object and purpose of the 2010 amendments) to determine if the order made in
that application is “interlocutory” in nature within the meaning of the SCJA.

(c) If so, then pursuant to ss 34(1)(_a_) and 34(2)(_d_) of the SCJA, read
with the Fourth and Fifth Schedules to the SCJA respectively, such orders are
either appealable only with leave of court or are non-appealable.

(i) The orders that are non-appealable are stated in the Fourth Schedule to
the SCJA.

(ii) The orders that are appealable only with leave of court are stated in the
Fifth Schedule to the SCJA.

(iii) Where no explicit reference is made to the order in question in the
Fourth and Fifth Schedules to the SCJA, then the catch-all provision in para
(_e_) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA applies such that leave to appeal is
required.

(d) If not, then the order made by the High Court in that application is
appealable as of right pursuant to s 29A(1) of the SCJA.

Admittedly, in practice, the difficulties lie in ascertaining whether orders
made at the hearing of particular applications are “interlocutory” in nature.
The approach in _Dorsey_ (effectively endorsing and applying the test in
_Bozson_ and _Wellmix Organics_) provides a workable test.

Application of the law to the facts

15 At the outset, we highlight the fact that the decisions in _Dorsey_ and
_OpenNet_ involved a very different situation from that which we are
confronted with in this application. In contrast to the present case, _Dorsey_
and _OpenNet_ involved pre-action proceedings being taken out by the applicant
solely in order to obtain specific reliefs – reliefs which would assist the
applicant in _Dorsey_ to decide whether he should commence the main action or
which would grant the applicant in _OpenNet_ leave to commence an action for
judicial review. The applications made in _OpenNet_ and _Dorsey_ were not
interlocutory applications, for the reasons alluded to at [9] and [10] above,
and were thus not caught by para (_e_) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA. In
contrast, in the present matter, the order in question relates to a warrant of
arrest of a vessel obtained by the Respondent _after_ the issuance of an
originating process, namely ADM 249/2012: see O 70, r 4(1) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed).

16 In our judgment, an application for a warrant of arrest, whether allowed or
denied, does not determine the substantive rights of the parties or the relief
claimed in the originating process. The outcome of the application for a
warrant of arrest merely determines whether the arresting party will be
entitled to arrest the ship and obtain security for its claim. It is clearly
an interlocutory application in the admiralty suit. Thus an order made on that
application _prima facie_ falls within the scope of para (_e_) of the Fifth
Schedule as an “order at the hearing of any interlocutory application”.
Accordingly, leave is required to appeal against the Judge’s order in the
present proceedings refusing to set aside the warrant of arrest made in ADM
249/2012. At this juncture, we think it necessary to refer to the following
written submissions of the Applicant which, in our view, are erroneous:[note:
1]

In determining whether an application is “interlocutory”, emphasis is placed
on the relief that is sought; if the sole purpose of the application is the
relief sought, then once the application is determined, the entire matter ends
there i.e. the subject-matter of the application is spent, then the
application is not interlocutory. …

With respect, what is wrong with the approach advanced in the Applicant’s
submissions is that it focuses on the application instead of the cause in the
pending action. The result of the above argument will be that every order made
by the court on an application made in a pending action would have to be
regarded as final, even in respect of (for example) an order refusing further
and better particulars. To determine whether an order made at an interlocutory
application is final, the matter must be viewed in the context of the cause in
the pending action. To reiterate, it is the cause of the pending _proceedings_
in which the application is being brought which is significant, not the
specific purpose of the _application_.

17 The Applicant also runs various arguments relating to the specific nature
of the application in question. We shall deal with these arguments in turn.
First, the Applicant submits that the legislative intent of the 2010
Amendments does not contemplate setting aside orders made in admiralty actions
specifically. Given that the _Report of the Law Reform Committee to Review and
Update the Supreme Court of Judicature Act and the Subordinate Courts Act_ (31
July 2009) (“the Report”) and the Singapore Parliamentary Debates on the
proposed amendments (“the Parliamentary Debates”) do not mention admiralty
matters generally, the Applicant submits that this is clearly not an area
which the 2010 Amendments are targeted at. In our view, this argument does not
really assist the Applicant. The mere fact that admiralty actions are not
specifically referred to in the amended legislation or the Report or the
Parliamentary Debates does not mean that they do not come within the scope of
the legislative intent of the 2010 Amendments. This simply means that the
court must carry out the usual exercise of statutory interpretation and decide
the question on the basis of first principles. With regard to this argument,
we would point out one significant fact, which is that where Parliament had
intended to exclude specific proceedings from the scheme of things under s 34,
it had expressly done so: see s 34(2)(_e_) and s 34(2A) of the SCJA.

18 Secondly, the Applicant submits that the Setting Aside Application had the
practical effect of determining the substantive rights of the parties so that
leave to appeal against the Judge’s decision is not required. The Applicant’s
arguments run along three broad strands, which we shall consider in turn:

(a) that the Judge’s decision is in effect an endorsement that the admiralty
jurisdiction of the court has been correctly invoked against the Vessel;

(b) that the Judge’s decision has determined the Respondent’s substantive
right to pre-judgment security to the claim (and the Applicant’s corresponding
liability to furnish such security); and

(c) that the Judge’s decision amounted to a final determination of the
Applicant’s prayer for damages for wrongful arrest.

Invocation of the admiralty jurisdiction of the court

19 The arrest of a vessel or service of a writ on a vessel are alternative
means of invoking the court’s admiralty jurisdiction against the vessel: _The
“Fierbinti”_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 574 at [39]. The Applicant submits that were the
warrant of arrest and service of the writ set aside, the admiralty
jurisdiction of the court would not have been invoked against the Vessel.
Conversely, in refusing to set aside the warrant of arrest and service of the
admiralty writ, the Judge in effect agreed that the admiralty jurisdiction of
the court has been correctly invoked against the Vessel. The Applicant argues
that once the Setting Aside Application was determined by the Judge, the
matter ended there unless there is a right of appeal. The Applicant further
points out that in refusing to set aside the warrant of arrest and the service
of the admiralty writ, the court was not preparing ADM 249/2012 for a
substantive hearing on its merits. To that extent, the Applicant argues that
the Setting Aside Application is not an interlocutory application and an
appeal against an order made on such an application is not an appeal which the
2010 Amendments were intended to streamline and curtail.

20 In the present case, the writ of summons was served at the same time as the
affixing of the warrant of arrest. In the result, the Respondent argues that
there is no doubt that the admiralty jurisdiction of the court has been
invoked. The Respondent points out that in prayer 3 of SUM 3640/2012, _ie_ ,
the Setting Aside Application, which was dismissed by the Judge was a prayer
that “[t]he writ as well as this action be struck out on the grounds that the
arrest of the vessel, “NASCO GEM”, is vexatious, oppressive or otherwise an
abuse of process”. Pursuant to para (_e_) of the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA,
the part of the order which relates to the refusal to strike out the writ of
summons and action in ADM 249/2012 is not appealable. The Respondent argues
that by the Judge’s refusal to strike out the writ of summons and action in
ADM 249/2012, the court’s admiralty jurisdiction in the action is no longer
open to challenge. Moreover, by filing a memorandum of appearance in the
action in ADM 249/2012 and by taking part in the continuation of the
proceedings in ADM 249/2012, the Applicant has accepted the jurisdiction of
the High Court.

21 In our judgment, we do not think the Applicant is correct to contend that
just because the Judge refused to strike out the writ of summons and the
action in ADM 249/2012, the Applicant is thereafter precluded from raising the
point again. It is trite law that the court does not strike out an action
except in clear and obvious cases: see _Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a
firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [18]. The rationale
for this is that a plaintiff should not be denied his day in court unless the
cause of action is certain to fail. In the circumstances, the fact that the
Applicant did not succeed in having ADM 249/2012 struck out is neither here
nor there and the position of the Applicant is not thereby pre-judged. The
point may still be canvassed. In this regard, we note that the Applicant had
also in the Setting Aside Application prayed for _service_ of the admiralty
writ to be set aside. However, as noted by the Respondent’s counsel in oral
arguments, the Applicant has not stated any procedural grounds on which
service of the writ should be set aside. Moreover, the issue of the
Respondent’s _locus standi_ to sue on the B/Ls is an issue that will be
canvassed in the trial itself. As we see it, the Applicant’s real concern
relates to the Respondent’s right to pre-judgment security (see below at
[22]–[25]).

Substantive right to pre-judgment security

22 The second strand of argument raised by the Applicant is that an admiralty
action _in rem_ is “characterised” by the claimant’s right (unique to
admiralty actions _in rem_) to obtain pre-judgment security by arresting the
vessel. Upon such pre-judgment security having been obtained by the arrest of
the vessel or other forms of security being furnished for release of the
vessel, the issue of arrest no longer features in the substantive
determination of the claim or the process leading up to that. The Setting
Aside Application therefore determined the Respondent’s substantive right to
pre-judgment security (amounting to US$4.6m) obtained by arresting the Vessel.
If the Setting Aside Application had been successful, the Vessel would have
been released or any substituted security that had been furnished would have
been returned; conversely, with its dismissal, the security has been retained.
Either way, the Applicant submits that that marks the end of the inquiry as to
whether the admiralty claim would be secured or not. Moreover, it meant that
the admiralty jurisdiction of the court has been validly invoked against the
Vessel with the result that had security not been furnished, the Vessel stood
liable to be sold by the court in a judicial sale. It also meant that the
judgment of the court can be enforced against the Vessel or the proceeds of a
judicial sale.

23 On the other hand, the Respondent argues that an application for a warrant
of arrest is nothing more than a device through which a legitimate maritime
claimant who has invoked the admiralty jurisdiction of the court can obtain
security for his claim, whether pre-judgment or post-judgment. The order that
is made on an application for a warrant of arrest is not a final order and
does not dispose of the parties’ rights or the action from which an
entitlement to arrest arises. The Respondent’s counsel also submitted in oral
arguments before us that there is no difference in principle between the right
to arrest a ship to provide the claimant with pre-judgment security and the
right of a claimant to any other type of security, _eg_ , security for costs.
An application for security for costs is clearly interlocutory in nature; an
order giving security for costs is only appealable with leave by virtue of
para (_b_) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA and an order refusing security
for costs is clearly non-appealable (see para (_h_) of the Fourth Schedule to
the SCJA).

24 It is clear that the divergence between the parties’ positions ultimately
boils down to a matter of characterisation. The Applicant asserts that the
issue of the Respondent’s entitlement to pre-judgment security is a standalone
or (for the lack of a better word) “carve-out” issue to be determined in the
proceedings. For this reason, the Applicant argues that the Judge’s order
upholding the Respondent’s right to pre-judgment security (by way of refusing
to set aside the warrant of arrest) was a final as opposed to interlocutory
order. The Respondent on the other hand argues that the warrant for arrest is
in fact parasitic and conditional on the main action. The warrant for arrest
is not an end in itself and does not entitle the Respondent to anything _per
se_. Instead, it merely ensures that should the Respondent succeed in the main
action, it has security for what it is awarded.

25 Of course, we recognise that in reality the admiralty _in rem_ jurisdiction
is an extremely powerful and far-reaching one with the potential to give rise
to serious consequences affecting the property rights of the ship-owner who
will as a result be obliged to furnish substantial security in order to secure
the release of his vessel. However, there is simply no basis to conclude that
the Judge’s order was a final as opposed to interlocutory order. To begin
with, the Applicant has not provided any good reason why the validity of the
warrant of arrest entitling the Respondent to pre-judgment security should be
treated as a separate or “carve-out” issue in the proceedings. On the
contrary, the Setting Aside Application was an application made during the
course of proceedings between the initiation of the action and the final
determination. Moreover, the order made during the hearing of the Setting
Aside Application could not be said to have the effect of finally disposing of
the substantive rights of the parties in the admiralty action or to have the
potential to affect the final outcome of the proceedings. In light of the
blanket rule specified in para (_e_) of the Fifth Schedule concerning orders
made in interlocutory applications, leave to appeal against the Judge’s order
refusing the Setting Aside Application must be obtained.

Claim for damages in wrongful arrest

26 The final strand of argument canvassed by the Applicant is that the
dismissal of its application in SUM 3640/2012, _ie_ , the Setting Aside
Application, had determined its substantive right to claim for damages for
wrongful arrest, the latter being an ancillary prayer in the application.
While the Applicant acknowledged that to succeed in this claim for damages it
must show that there had been actual malice or gross negligence amounting to
malice on the part of the Respondent, it argues that serious material non-
disclosure may lead to such a claim being allowed. The Applicant highlighted
that the pursuit of the claim for damages for wrongful arrest would not be a
matter that will feature again in the substantive determination of the action
in ADM 249/2012, and that the Applicant would not be able to resurrect its
claim for wrongful damages even if it were to successfully resist the
Respondent’s claim in ADM 249/2012 for misdelivery under the B/Ls. For this
additional reason, the Applicant submits that the Judge’s order was not in the
nature of an interlocutory order made in an interlocutory application within
the scope of para (_e_) of the Fifth Schedule.

27 This argument is a non-starter. As noted by the Respondent, a claim for
damages for wrongful arrest only arises as a consequence of an order setting
aside the warrant of arrest. A claim for damages for wrongful arrest is not an
application that could have stood by itself. It is therefore not a
“substantive right” of the Applicant that has been determined in the
proceedings, but merely a possible consequence of wrongful arrest.

Conclusion

28 For the above reasons, the order made by the Judge dismissing the Setting
Aside Application is an interlocutory order requiring leave to appeal to the
Court of Appeal. In these premises, the second issue, _viz_ , whether
extension of time to file a notice of appeal should be granted, would not
arise. We therefore dismiss the application with costs.

29 As a post-script we would only add this. It will be seen from [3] above
that the Applicant did initially apply for leave to appeal against the Judge’s
dismissal of the Setting Aside Application. While we appreciate that the
question of whether this is a case where there is an automatic right of appeal
is not one that can be said to be abundantly clear, we would have thought that
it might be more prudent to let the Leave Application remain. The Leave
Application could also have been amended to include an alternative prayer for
an extension of time (or a fresh summons could have been filed for that
purpose). Let the court make the decision.

* * *

[note: 1]Applicant’s Submissions dated 12 September 2013 at para 57(f).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

