Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Saiful Rizam bin Assim and other appeals  
[2014] SGHC 12

Case Number| :| Magistrates' Appeals Nos 76, 78 and 79 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leong Wing Tuck and Nicholas Seng (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; Amarick Gill and Tan Jia Wei (Amarick Gill & Co)
for the respondents; Tan Kai Liang (Allen & Gledhill LLP) as amicus curiae.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Saiful Rizam bin Assim  
  
15 January 2014|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 These three appeals (_viz_ , Magistrate’s Appeals Nos 76, 78 and 79 of 2013,
collectively “the present appeals”) were brought by the prosecution (“the
Appellant”) against the sentences meted out by the District Judge to 19-year
old Saiful Rizam bin Assim (“R1 Saiful”), 20-year old Muhammad Erman bin Iman
Tauhid (“R2 Erman”) and 19-year old Muhammad Yunus bin Aziz (“R3 Yunus”)
(collectively, “the Respondents”). The Respondents had all pleaded guilty to
the following charges:

|  Charges convicted on |  Charges taken into consideration  
---|---|---  
R1 Saiful |  • 1 × theft as servant under s 381 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the PC”) (DAC 45721/2012) |  • 1 × theft as servant under s 381 of the PC  
R2 Erman |  • 1 × dishonestly receiving stolen property under s 411(1) of the PC (DAC 45729/2012) • 1 × voluntarily assisting in making away with stolen property under s 414(1) of the PC (DAC 45731/2012) • 2 × theft as servant under s 381 of the PC (DAC 45735 & 45738/2012) • 1 × theft as servant in furtherance of common intention under s 381 read with s 34 of the PC (DAC 45737/2012) • 1 × abetment by conspiracy of theft as servant under s 381 read with s 109 of the PC (DAC 45739/2012) |  • 4 × theft as servant under s 381 of the PC • 1 × abetting theft as servant under s 381 read with s 109 of the PC  
R3 Yunus |  • 1 × dishonestly receiving stolen property under s 411(1) of the PC (DAC 45725/2012) • 1 × theft as servant in furtherance of common intention under s 381 read with s 34 of the PC (DAC 45726/2012) • 1 × abetment by conspiracy of theft as servant under s 381 read with s 109 of the PC (DAC 45727/2012) |  • 1 × theft as servant under s 381 of the PC  
  
  

Facts

2 At all material times, the Respondents were serving their national service
with the Singapore Police Force (“SPF”) and were posted as staff assistants to
the officer in charge of the Case Property Store of Ang Mo Kio Police Division
(“the Store”). Case exhibits seized in the course of police investigations
were kept in the Store. R1 Saiful and R3 Yunus were Vigilante Corps Officers
and R2 Erman was a Special Constabulary Officer. The Store had _metal_
cabinets labelled “2011” and “2012” with a central locking mechanism that
would lock all the cabinets simultaneously. There was also a _wooden_ cabinet
where handphones condemned for disposal were kept (“the pedestal cabinet”).
The keys to these cabinets were kept by the officer in charge of the Store
(“the complainant”). The complainant had given R2 Erman a key to unlock the
door to the Store (“the key”) for emergencies when she was not around. The
complainant had also warned R2 Erman not to return to the Store after office
hours or otherwise abuse the privilege of having the key.

3 On 13 April 2012, when the complainant was away on leave, R1 Saiful searched
her drawer and found the keys to open the pedestal cabinet. R1 Saiful showed
R2 Erman what was in the cabinet and took four handphones from it. R1 Saiful
kept two for himself and gave two to R2 Erman who sold them to a second hand
dealer for $100.

4 On a day in May 2012, R1 Saiful went to the Store and took two pairs of
beach shorts and a haversack which were meant for disposal and told R2 Erman
about it. At R1 Saiful’s request, R2 Erman helped the former removed the
shorts and haversack from their office and R2 Erman passed them to R1 Saiful
who kept them for his own use.

5 On 7 July 2012, a day on which R2 Erman was not on duty, he returned and
unlocked the Store with the key, forcibly opening the first drawer of the
“2011” cabinet and taking therefrom six handphones. He later disposed of two,
sold three (for $1,200) and gave one to R3 Yunus a week later (13 July 2012)
who accepted it knowing that it was stolen from the Store.

6 On 13 July 2012, R2 Erman agreed to R3 Yunus’ suggestion to go back to the
Store to steal. The two met on 14 July 2012 and took four handphones from the
“2011” cabinet which R2 Erman later sold for $1,350 at Ang Mo Kio Central.

7 On 15 July 2012, R2 Erman took four handphones from the “2011” and “2012”
cabinets and sold them for $1,900.

8 On 16 July 2012, R2 Erman and R3 Yunus went to the Store in accordance with
their agreement the previous day. R3 Yunus waited at the stadium opposite the
police station while R2 Erman took 12 handphones from the “2011” and “2012”
cabinets. R2 Erman threw away six of the handphones which he deemed to be of
poor quality, and met up with R3 Yunus. They then travelled to Ang Mo Kio
Central where they sold the other six handphones for $1,700.

9 On 18 July 2012, an investigation officer went to the Store to withdraw a
case exhibit but was unable to find it. A check was conducted and several
handphones were found to be missing. The complainant lodged a police report.
The Respondents eventually admitted to the offences.

10 On 20 February 2013, having been convicted of the charges relating to the
thefts and while on bail, R2 Erman stole his mother’s handphone which he sold
for $600.

The Appellant’s case

11 The Appellant argued that the District Judge had erred in failing to
consider reformative training as the appropriate sentence for the Respondents
and urged this court to call for pre-sentence reports for reformative training
in order to evaluate the Respondents’ suitability for reformative training.

The Respondents’ case

12 The Respondents cited various precedents and submitted that the appropriate
sentencing range for such offences was three to 18 months’ imprisonment, and
further pointed out that offenders sentenced to an imprisonment term would
normally be eligible for a one-third remission of their sentence for good
behaviour. In contrast, there was no such remission for reformative training
which had a minimum institutional term of 18 months and that it would be
“unjust” and “not realistic” to sentence the Respondents to reformative
training.

Decision Below

13 The District Judge was of the view that the main sentencing considerations
in relation to the offences committed by the Respondents were deterrence and
retribution. This was in light of the nature and circumstances of the offences
in question which involved many aggravating factors such as the Respondents
being law enforcement officers and abusing their positions and breaching the
public trust, citing _PP v Loqmanul Hakim bin Buang_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 753 (“
_Loqmanul_ ”) (although I should also point out that the District Judge did
note that _Loqmanul_ was distinguishable as it contained many aggravating
factors such as the offender committing the offence in uniform, while on bail,
and carrying a weapon). However, the District Judge considered some of the
aggravating factors in this case to be the “wanton and repeated” stealing, the
increasing boldness of R2 Erman and R3 Yunus (shown by the frequency of
offending and increasing number of handphones taken) and the blatant
dishonesty displayed by R2 Erman in lying to the second-hand handphone dealer.
On the other hand, he also considered the mitigating factors such as the
youthfulness of the Respondents, their guilty pleas at an early stage, and R3
Yunus and R1 Saiful’s clean records.

14 Bearing in mind the principle of proportionality, the District Judge felt
that a normal jail term instead of reformative training was appropriate.
Although he noted their youth, he was mindful that rehabilitation was not
“invariably the dominant consideration” in cases involving young offenders.
Upon considering the Deputy Public Prosecutor’s (“the DPP”) four-page report
on the programmes available in reformative training and in prison, the
District Judge observed that both had structured programmes for the
rehabilitation of offenders. He noted, however, that the DPP was unable to
share in open court information on the recidivism rates of each category of
inmates. He thought that the Respondents were mature enough not to allow
themselves to be corrupted in prison, although he was also mindful that an
adult prison was not “tailor-made” for them and might even subject them to
“negative influences”.

15 The District Judge felt that a jail term of some length would be a strong
signal that such conduct would not be tolerated, and to send offenders with
“no previous record of imprisonment” for reformative training would be a
“crushing sentence” on them as it would involve a period of incarceration far
in excess of what an adult offender would be liable to under the current
sentencing precedents. He also noted the situation in _PP v Foo Shik Jin and
others_ [1996] SGHC 186 (“ _Foo Shik Jin_ ”) where the court, while prepared
to impose reformative training, chose to sentence a young offender to jail
instead as the latter did not agree to reformative training. The District
Judge considered R1 Saiful the least culpable of the three, and sentenced him
to seven months’ imprisonment. R3 Yunus was sentenced to four months’
imprisonment in respect of dishonestly receiving a handphone, and seven
months’ imprisonment each for the theft of four handphones in furtherance of a
common intention and conspiring to commit theft of cell phones, with the
sentences in respect of two theft charges ordered to run consecutively,
resulting in an aggregate sentence of 14 months’ imprisonment. The District
Judge thought that R2 Erman was the most culpable as he had been entrusted
with the key to the Store and was warned not to abuse that privilege. He also
re-offended while on bail. Hence R2 Erman was sentenced to a total of 18
months’ imprisonment.

Issues before this court

16 The issues in these appeals were as follows:

(a) Were the imprisonment sentences meted out by the District Judge on the
Respondents appropriate?

(b) In the event that this court was of a view that reformative training
should have been imposed instead of imprisonment, was it fair to impose it at
this point?

Decision

Did the District Judge correctly sentence the Respondents to imprisonment?

Main sentencing principle

17 I did not quite understand why the District Judge held that “deterrence and
retribution” should be the main sentencing considerations here and ruled out
rehabilitation. Given that the Respondents were all between the ages of 19 and
20 at the time of conviction, the gravity of the offences, and that the hurt
caused to “victims” here was not especially grievous, there was hardly any
persuasive reason why _rehabilitation_ should not also have been a primary
sentencing consideration here, if not the primary sentencing consideration. In
_Public Prosecutor v Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 449 (“ _Al-
Ansari_ ”) V K Rajah JA made the following remarks on when rehabilitation
should be a “predominant consideration” (at [77]):

Accordingly, in dealing with sentencing young offenders involved in serious
offences, I propose the following analytical framework. First, the court must
ask itself whether rehabilitation can remain a predominant consideration. If
the _offence was particularly heinous_ or the _offender has a long history of
offending_ , then reform and rehabilitation may not even be possible or
relevant, notwithstanding the youth of the offender. In this case, the
statutorily prescribed punishment (in most cases a term of imprisonment) will
be appropriate.

[emphasis added]

18 Here the Respondents were young, free of antecedents (for R1 Saiful and R3
Yunus), and the crimes which they had committed were not particularly heinous
– factors indicating that rehabilitation should be a predominant consideration
in sentencing but which were unfortunately not given sufficient consideration
by the District Judge. Hence, if rehabilitation had been identified as the
primary sentencing consideration in sentencing, which should have been the
case here, the choice would have been between probation and reformative
training – not imprisonment (_Al-Ansari_ at [78]). Reformative training, in
particular, would have a more deterrent effect than probation, due to its
structured regimentation and the element of incarceration, and is definitely
not a “soft option” (see _Nur Azilah bte Ithnin v PP_ [2010] 4 SLR 731 (“ _Nur
Azilah_ ”) at [23]).

19 In my view, based on the circumstances of their offences, the Respondents
were _precisely_ the types of young offenders whom the court should seek to
reform, instead of merely punishing them for the purposes of retribution: they
had clearly showed their susceptibility to negative influence – as seen from
how they mutually introduced and encouraged one another to steal from the
Store – despite being in an environment like the SPF where there are strict
rules and regimes to abide by.

20 In this regard, I would observe that the District Judge had called for a
report from the DPP for the purposes of comparing the rehabilitative programs
available in prison and under reformative training[note: 1] and noted that
both clearly had “structured programmes for the rehabilitation of prisoners
and inmates”. However, he seemed to have taken exception to the fact that the
DPP was “not prepared to share in open court the issue of recidivism
concerning both categories of inmates”.[note: 2] With respect, I failed to see
how the question of recidivism mattered, as if to imply that if the recidivism
of both categories were not significantly different then it would be a waste
of effort to sentence young offenders to reformative training. The District
Judge failed to sufficiently appreciate the different focus of reformative
training as compared to imprisonment, and in this respect the DPP’s
submissions on the essential differences between the two programmes were
insightful. Trainees under reformative training are “constructively
engaged”[note: 3] during the period of incarceration, and are subject to a
compulsory post-release phase where they are placed under supervision and
liable to be recalled if they fail to comply with the requirements imposed on
them. This regime involves a combined effort by the trainees’ mentors, family
members and senior re-integration officers from the supervision centre to
ensure a smooth reintegration of each trainee back into society. In contrast,
the post-release programme for a normal prisoner, _viz_ , the Community
Aftercare Programme, is entirely voluntary. Hence the Respondents might better
benefit from reformative training which has a greater emphasis on the
rehabilitative and structured aspects of punishment.

Maturity of Respondents

21 I also thought that the District Judge’s conclusion that the Respondents
would have been “mature” enough to withstand the negative influences of a
prison environment was questionable. Notwithstanding the seeming _absence_ of
such “maturity” in the Respondents (given the crimes committed and how they
easily influenced one another), this finding also went against the wisdom of
not subjecting young offenders to contact with the harsh and hardened
criminals in the prison environment, as explained in _Nur Azilah_ (at [22]):

In sentencing the Appellant to imprisonment, the District Judge considered
that rehabilitation was also possible in prison. With respect, perhaps, _the
District Judge did not wholly appreciate the corruptive environment and
stigmatisation that imprisonment would bring_. More importantly, **_even if
there are rehabilitative elements or programmes in prison, they are clearly
not tailor-made for young offenders_** …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

22 While I accept that one cannot discern very much about the “maturity” of an
individual from the mere fact of his age, it also seemed wholly unrealistic to
expect young persons like the Respondents, who had already demonstrated an
inability to resist temptations and who did go on to commit crimes, to be able
to exhibit the requisite amount of resilient “maturity” which would set them
on the right path in a prison environment. Indeed, what the Respondents’
conduct showed was that they were of immature minds which were unable to
differentiate between right and wrong. Contrary to what the District Judge
thought, they badly needed a strong guiding hand.

Wishes of Respondents

23 With respect, the District Judge also wrongly relied on _Foo Shik Jin_ for
the proposition that an offender’s wishes against reformative training in
favour of imprisonment could be taken into account and, in consequence, in
dealing with the Respondents, did consider the fact that they had indicated a
preference for imprisonment over reformative training. As rightly pointed out
by the Appellant, _Foo Shik Jin_ did not stand for such a proposition, as the
judge in that case considered that the offender was “clearly not a case
suitable for reformative training” and even made the remark that “[the
offender was] clearly a bad case so far as [his] character and conduct [were]
concerned” (at [6]) – hence whatever parallels could be drawn from _Foo Shik
Jin_ must be limited. In any event, it is trite that the preferences of an
offender simply cannot figure as a consideration in a judge’s sentencing
discretion, for it would otherwise completely undermine the established
sentencing framework in our law.

Reformative training crushing?

24 Lastly, I also regrettably have to disagree with the District Judge’s
conclusion that to “impose a sentence of reformative training [on those] who
had no previous record of imprisonment … would be to impose on them a
_crushing_ sentence”[note: 4] [emphasis added]. The following passage from Kow
Keng Siong, _Sentencing Principles in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing 2009) (“
_Sentencing Principles in Singapore_ ”) at para 29.022 explains why this view
was incorrect as follows:

… the fact that the tariff sentence for the offence is shorter than the
prescribed period of reformative training is an irrelevant consideration, if
the dominant sentencing objective in a particular case is to reform the
accused. In this regard, consider _Public Prosecutor v Lim Jingyi Jasmine_
[2004] SGDC 113 at [20], per District Judge Tan Puay Boon, where the accused
was convicted of theft (relating to property valued at $721) and shoplifting
charges (relating to property valued at $79.50):

The period for reformative training can range from 18 to 36 months: section
13(7) read with Schedule D, para 1, Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 86). This
period is therefore _much longer than the prison sentences the accused would
otherwise have received if she had been sentenced to imprisonment, given the
nature of her present offences._ However, _this long period of detention is
necessary if a final attempt is to be made to rehabilitate her._ If the
accused is sentenced to imprisonment, she would just have to serve a
relatively short sentence before being released, without any benefit from any
programme of rehabilitation. Given her character, it is likely that she would
re-offend.

[emphasis added]

25 Hence the fact that the minimum period of reformative training (18 months)
was longer than what the District Judge intended to impose on R1 Saiful and R3
Yunus (seven months and 14 months respectively) should not have stood as a
_bar_ to reformative training being ordered against them. The District Judge’s
consideration that reformative training would have been “crushing” was
effectively an allusion to the principle of proportionality, an issue that was
brought even more sharply into focus in the light of the situations which the
Respondents eventually found themselves in by the time of the first appeal
hearing before me on 31 July 2013. While I will discuss this principle a
little more later (where the English position will be examined), it would
suffice to say for now that imposing reformative training on the Respondent at
the point when they were _before the District Judge_ would not have been so
grossly disproportionate or crushing that imprisonment would have been the
more appropriate punishment. It must be borne in mind that reformative
training is a special programme put in place for young offenders. Of course it
has an element of punishment in it as the young offender is deprived of his
liberty. Parliament had, in its wisdom, deemed it fit to impose a minimum
period of 18 months in order to ensure that the programme would achieve its
objective of rehabilitating the young offender. Thus when the principle of
proportionality is being considered, the aim of the reformative programme must
not be lost sight of.

26 It would be clear from the foregoing that if I had been in the District
Judge’s position, there was no doubt that I would have sentenced the
Respondents to reformative training. Accordingly, in my view, the District
Judge was wrong in principle to have imposed on each of the Respondents a
normal imprisonment term. However, given the particular circumstances of the
Respondents at the stage at which these appeals came before me for hearing, I
decided, for reasons which I will now explain, that I should not substitute
reformative training for the imprisonment terms imposed on the Respondents.

The Respondents’ situation on 31 July 2013 (the first hearing)

27 Unfortunately, by the time I heard the prosecution’s appeal against the
Respondents’ sentences on 31 July 2013, the Respondents had already served out
a considerable proportion of their imprisonment terms. R1 Saiful was sentenced
to 7 months’ imprisonment with effect from 3 April 2013 and by 31 July 2013,
he had served almost 4 months. R2 Erman had been sentenced to 18 months’
imprisonment with effect from 28 February 2013 and at that point had served
almost 5 months. R3 Yunus was sentenced to 14 months’ imprisonment with effect
from 3 April 2013 and at that point had served almost 4 months. The situation
was most acute in the case of R1 Saiful, as he had by then already served
_more than half_ of his total imprisonment sentence, and given the normal one-
third remission for good behaviour, he would have been due to be released on
24 August 2013, only twenty four days to go. Similarly, R2 Erman would have
been released on 27 February 2014 and R3 Yunus on 12 January 2014, assuming
they were entitled to the one-third remission of their sentence for good
behaviour.

28 These circumstances made all the difference as to whether I should, sitting
in an appellate capacity, nevertheless order reformative training for the
Respondents instead of allowing them to continue to serve out their
imprisonment terms. Reformative training has a minimum period of 18 months,
and cannot be backdated. Hence if I were to have allowed the appeal and
ordered reformative training for the Respondents in substitution for their
imprisonment sentences, time would have to start running all over again for
them, as they still would have to complete at least 18 months of reformative
training _regardless of the amount of time already spent incarcerated in
prison_. Such a situation would clearly be unfair to them. As such, I called
for Mr Tan Kai Liang (“Mr Tan”) (from the Supreme Court young _amicus curiae_
panel) as _amicus curiae_ to provide this court with assistance on these
issues and adjourned the hearing to 21 August 2013.

The principle of proportionality

29 As mentioned above, these appeals brought into sharp focus the role and
place of the principle of _proportionality_ in the sentence of reformative
training (which has a minimum period of 18 months). This principle, while not
often explicitly referred to, is a natural corollary to the sentencing goal of
retribution (see _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1022 at [17]). There are
various formulations of this principle (see _Sentencing Principles in
Singapore_ at para 12.005), such as the precepts that the sentence must be
commensurate with the gravity of the offence, that the sentence must fit the
crime, and that the court should not lose sight of the “proportion which must
be maintained between the offence and the penalty and the extenuating
circumstances which might exist in the case” (see _Liow Siow Long v PP_ [1970]
1 MLJ 40 at 42). All of these serve to make the same point: that an offender
should only receive a punishment that is in line with what the offence he had
committed deserves, and no more.

30 This question of proportionality has been widely discussed in English cases
where the maximum sentence of imprisonment for the accused’s crimes falls
below the minimum period required for borstal training, the English equivalent
of reformative training. While this was not the exact same situation that
presented itself in the present appeals (which involved the accused persons,
when the matter came up for hearing on appeal, already having served a
substantial portion of their imprisonment terms where the maximum punishments
which the court could impose for the offences in question would _not_ be less
than the period prescribed for reformative training), these appeals did in a
sense raise issues of proportionality.

31 With the exception of R2 Erman, the minimum period in respect of which the
Respondents would be kept in incarceration under the sentence of reformative
training would be longer than the tariff period of imprisonment which they
would be liable to be sentenced. As stated in the passage from _Sentencing
Principles in Singapore_ quoted above (at [24]), the fact that this is so is
not _in itself_ a sufficient reason why reformative training should not be
ordered. In that sense, the Appellant’s argument that it was “an irrelevant
consideration … that the Respondents would have been sentenced to an
imprisonment term which is shorter than the period of Reformative
Training”[note: 5] might be too absolute. I could accept it as a general
proposition but there could be circumstances, like the present appeals, or the
circumstances in the Hong Kong case discussed below (at [38]–[41]) where the
principle of proportionality should be given due consideration in determining
the appropriateness of a reformative training sentence. This appears to be the
“middle ground” advocated in the submissions of Mr Tan between the two
different threads of judicial thought in England on the issue of whether it
would be appropriate to order borstal training if the period of detention
would be far in excess of the maximum sentence prescribed for the offence
committed. At this juncture, I should turn to discuss briefly the English
position.

English cases

32 The problem that the principle of proportionality posed in the face of
borstal training was set out in D A Thomas, “Theories of Punishment in the
Court of Criminal Appeal” (1964) 27 Mod L Rev 546 (“ _Theories of Punishment_
”) at p 551 as follows:

… the concept of just proportion is not fully applied to sentences of Borstal
Training, corrective training and preventive detention. These sentences are
designed to free the courts from the restrictions of the theory of proportion
and to make it possible to pass sentences, in cases where these forms of
sentence are available, involving detention or a period longer than the
sentence of imprisonment which would have been justified by the offence. The
notion of just proportion has not been entirely eliminated from the use of
these sentences, however, although it is no longer a dominating factor.

33 The first line of English cases saw the courts advocating “strict
proportionality” in that a sentence of borstal training would be inappropriate
if it exceeded the maximum term permitted for the offence committed. In one
such case, _R v James_ [1960] 2 All ER 863, the court had to consider if
borstal training was suitable given that the maximum sentence for the crime
that the accused was convicted of was 3 months imprisonment, and borstal
training would far exceed the prescribed sentence under the statute. Lord
Parker CJ followed the earlier decision of _R v Longstreeth_ (unreported) as
follows (at 864B–D):

[In] _R v. Longstreeth_ , LORD GODDARD, C.J. pointed out that three months was
the maximum sentence, whereas a sentence of borstal training would be very
much longer. He said:

“I dare say it would be very much better that they” [that is, prisoners of
that sort] should go somewhere to be trained, but on the whole I do not think
it is a satisfactory sentence because it does deprive the appellant of his
liberty. If he is sentenced to imprisonment he cannot be deprived of his
liberty for more than three months, and if he behaves himself, that is reduced
to two months. That is the position, and the court thinks that on the whole
they ought to set aside the sentence of borstal training.”

…

In a probation officer's report, which this court has called for, it is clear
that the probation officer does not think that she has reached that stage of
stability where she can be relied upon not to go to coloured cafés.
Accordingly, **_it is just the sort of case where the appellant would benefit
from borstal training_**. **_Nevertheless, this court has, as I have
indicated, said that in these circumstances borstal training is the wrong
sentence_**. …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

34 The second line of cases gave a much stronger emphasis on the
rehabilitation of the offenders. For instance, in _R v Amos_ [1961] 1 All ER
191, a sentence of borstal training was imposed notwithstanding the much
longer term of detention compared to the maximum sentence of 12 months
imprisonment for the crime committed. Lord Parker CJ seemed to have reviewed
the stance he took in _R v James_ when made the following remarks (at 4):

In so far as those two decisions [_R v Longstreeth_ and _R v James_] imply
that **_where the maximum sentence fixed by statute is less than the period
for which a prisoner would undergo borstal training then borstal training is
wholly inapplicable_** , **_that is clearly wrong_**. No doubt the maximum
sentence fixed by statute is a **_relevant consideration_** , but it is **_no
more than that_** ; indeed, were it otherwise, a severe limitation would be
imposed on the powers of justices to commit to quarter sessions under s 28 of
the Magistrates’ Courts Act 1952, and, indeed, on the powers of the court
under s. 20 of the Criminal Justice Act, 1948.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

35 The court in _R v Amos_ considered the element of proportionality to be
_but a factor_ (and “no more than that”), and did not find the “strict
proportionality” stance of earlier cases to be persuasive. However, as Mr Tan
pointed out in his written submissions, this concern with the rehabilitative
needs of the offender was eventually extended even to cases where borstal
training was being imposed for trivial offences which might not even have
attracted a custodial sentence to begin with. Thus the balance was seemingly
tipped too much in favour of needing to reform the offenders, without giving
due consideration to the need for just proportionality. For instance, in _R v
Trigg_ [1961] Crim L R 126, the mere larceny of a glove attracted the sentence
of borstal training as the court felt that it was in the offender’s best
interests despite being “conscious of the difficulty of the triviality of the
offence” (see _Theories of Punishment_ at pp 551–552).

36 Fortunately for me, these appeals did not concern trivial offences and as
stated at [30] above, the maximum punishment which the court was empowered to
impose for each of the offences was certainly not less than the prescribed
maximum period for reformative training. In the circumstances, I need not have
to come to a definite view as to the stand our courts should take _vis-à-vis_
reformative training if indeed the offence committed by a young person was
trivial. It suffices for me to say that the discussions at [37] to [41] below
would be germane.

Section 305 of the Criminal Procedure Code

37 The requirements which need to be satisfied before reformative training can
be ordered are set out in s 305(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) as follows:

**Reformative training**

**305.** —(1) Where a person is convicted by a court of an offence punishable
with imprisonment and that person is, on the day of his conviction —

(_a_) of or above the age of 16 years but below the age of 21 years; or

(_b_) of or above the age of 14 years but below the age of 16 years and has,
before that conviction, been dealt with by a court in connection with another
offence and had, for that offence, been ordered to be sent to a juvenile
rehabilitation centre established under section 64 of the Children and Young
Persons Act (Cap. 38),

the court **_may_** impose a sentence of reformative training in lieu of any
other sentence if it is satisfied, having regard to his character, previous
conduct and **_the circumstances of the offence_** , that to reform him and to
prevent crime he should undergo a period of training in a reformative training
centre.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

38 The phrase “the circumstances of the offence” would, in my view, include
considerations of proportionality between the punishment meted out and the
gravity of the offence. In this regard, the Hong Kong decision of _Wong Chun
Cheong v HKSAR_ (2001) 4 HKCFAR 12 (“ _Wong Chun Cheong_ ”), which concerned s
4(1) of the Training Centres Ordinance (Cap 280) (HK) (“Training Centres
Ordinance”) (which is largely _in pari materia_ with s 305 of the CPC), is
particularly instructive. There the 16-year old offender had participated in a
lion dance while his companions solicited money from the stallholders of a
street market, and was convicted on a charge of participating in a lion dance
without a permit. The magistrate had sentenced him to detention in a youth
training centre (the Hong Kong equivalent of reformative training, where the
period of detention ranged from 6 months to 3 years) when the maximum sentence
for his offence was a fine of $2,000 and 6 months imprisonment. On appeal
against the sentence, Beeson J upheld the magistrate’s sentence, holding that
the detention was necessary in view of the appellant’s “problems and needs”
which required to be addressed expediently. On further appeal before the Hong
Kong Court of Final Appeal, the detention was substituted with a fine of $100
as the court took the view that the offence was so trivial that it would be
wholly disproportionate to impose a training order. Ribeiro PJ, in his
judgment, gave a comprehensive consideration of both threads of English cases
as well as made some highly illuminating observations (at 16–18):

There is no doubt that both the Magistrate and the Judge acted out of the
noblest of motives. However, **_can such a sentence be justified on the basis
that it is for a young offender’s “own good”_**?

Before the twentieth century, the answer would have been a clear “No”.
Conservative thought focussed on retribution, deterrence and the protection of
society, laying little emphasis on reform of the offender as the object of
penal policy. Liberal nineteenth century philosophers would have rejected the
notion of detention for an offender’s own good as an unwarranted application
of the state’s power. Thus, in a well-known passage in his essay _On Liberty_
, John Stuart Mill wrote as follows:

… the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member
of a civilised community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His
own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant. (_The Harvard
Classics_ (1909 ed.) Vol.25, p.212)

**_The traditional approach was simply one of imposing a sentence
proportionate to the offence_**. Professor HLA Hart, cites a description of
such approach as follows:

Sentencing used to be a comparatively simple matter. The primary objective was
to fix a sentence proportionate to the offender’s culpability, and the system
has been loosely described as the “tariff system” … In addition, the courts
have always had in mind the need to protect society from the persistent
offender, to deter potential offenders and to deter or reform the individual
offender. But in general it was thought that the “tariff system” took the
three other objectives in its stride: giving an offender the punishment he
deserved was thought to be the best way of deterring him and others and of
protecting society. (_Punishment and Responsibility_ OUP 1968, pp.167–168,
quoting from the Streatfield Report, Cmnd 1289 (1961), paras.257–258)

The idea of imposing **_individualised sentences reflecting the offender’s
record, personal circumstances and background with a view to his
rehabilitation_** is therefore of comparatively **_recent origin_**. Professor
Hart (at p.165) traces the changes to the Gladstone Report of 1895, following
which a range of sentencing options were introduced, including probation,
Borstal training, corrective training, preventive detention, as well as powers
of absolute and conditional discharge, whereby:

For the first time [judges] were charged with the duty of considering the
suitability of a sentence whose aim was sharply differentiated from
retribution for past wickedness … and [they] were made to participate in an
activity which in the main had been a matter for administrators.

Judges have frequently found it less than easy to decide how **_the competing,
and often conflicting, demands of proportionate punishment on the one hand and
reform on the other_** , can be reconciled in particular cases. Professor Hart
illustrates the point by reference to sentences of Borstal training, the
institution upon which Hong Kong’s training centres are based:

… our judges have always felt uneasy when faced with a conflict between what
they consider to be a punishment appropriate to the seriousness of a crime,
and the steps which one of the individualised forms of punishment might
require. Sometimes this emerges into the light of day in reported cases. Thus
it is now the law that a young offender may be sent to Borstal training which
may last as long as three years, although his last offence is punishable by a
maximum penalty of one year. But, for many years, courts of first instance
have refused to do this and the Court of Criminal Appeal upheld them in this
until last year [in _R v Amos_ (1961) 45 Cr App R 42] when, by a sudden
reversal of principle, hard indeed to reconcile with a doctrine of binding
precedent, the offender’s last offence was allowed to figure as a symptom of
the need for reformative treatment rather than as determining by itself the
measure of punishment. (Hart, _Punishment and Responsibility_ (1968) p.167)

The question at the heart of this appeal **_is whether it is acceptable as a
matter of law to treat the offender’s last offence “as a symptom of the need
for reformative treatment” and therefore, as the basis for imposing a training
centre sentence, regardless of its triviality_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

39 In particular, Ribeiro PJ’s identification of the issue in the last
paragraph quoted above is, in my view, spot on. The question of how the
_gravity_ of an offence and the perceived need for _rehabilitation_ are to be
balanced is an important one, but it is a question which has yet to receive
much attention in our jurisprudence. In this respect, Ribeiro PJ’s
interpretation of s 4(1) of the Training Centres Ordinance, which also
includes the phrase “the circumstances of the offence” and which is also found
in s 305 of the CPC, is instructive (at 23):

... the court must have regard to the offender’s character and previous
conduct and to the circumstances of the offence before deciding to make the
detention order aimed at his rehabilitation and (it would follow) the
prevention of crime.

It is significant that the court must look at both the characteristics of the
offender and the circumstances of the offence. The _raison-d’être_ of the
training centre is the rehabilitation of young offenders, so the court must
obviously look at the character and previous conduct of the possible detainee
to assess his suitability for training. However, what this part of s.4(1)
makes clear is that the court cannot make the order without having also
considered the circumstances of the offence.

The words used are “the circumstances of the offence”. It follows that the
court must consider the **_specific facts_** and hence the **_nature and
gravity of the offence_** with a view to assessing the appropriateness of a
training centre order. It **_cannot merely use the fact of a conviction,
however trivial, as the opportunity or justification for a general review of
the offender’s character and previous conduct for the purpose of deciding
whether he needs reformation by detention in a training centre_**.

Having considered the circumstances of the offence, the court may conclude
that the offence is **_too serious or too trivial_** to regard the object of
rehabilitation by training as expedient in the particular case.

Where the offence is regarded as too serious, the effect of this construction
overlaps with the foregoing construction of the “interest of the community”
condition. In relation to offences that may be considered too trivial, this
construction leans heavily against the use of training centre orders. It
supports the view that training centre orders are only appropriate in cases
meriting immediate custodial treatment save in exceptional cases.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

40 In finally disposing of the appeal, Ribeiro PJ made the following
concluding remarks (at 25):

Leaving aside the circumstances of the offence, there can be no doubt that on
the basis of the various reports prepared on the appellant, the Magistrate and
the Judge were fully entitled to regard him as a suitable candidate for a
training centre. Nevertheless, as stated at the start of this judgment, **_the
offence was plainly trivial and would normally have been dealt with by a fine
or other non-custodial measure_**. Indeed, the probation officer’s original
inclination had been to recommend a further probation order on condition that
the appellant would agree to residential training in a probation hostel. This
was not pursued because the appellant would not agree to such a condition
stating that he wished to be with his girlfriend when their baby was born.

The present case is not in the exceptional category which would justify
detention in a training centre for what would be **_a wholly disproportionate
period given the triviality of the offence_**. In these circumstances, the
appeal must be allowed and the Magistrate’s order for detention in a training
centre be set aside. As the learned Chief Justice has indicated, a fine of
$100 was substituted.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

41 I do not think that there can be any doubt, and indeed it stands to reason,
that the nature and gravity of the offence must be carefully considered and
weighed before a reformative training order (the aim of which is the
rehabilitation of the offender) should be made. I am in agreement with Ribeiro
PJ’s observation that the mere fact of a conviction should not be sufficient
to warrant a reformative training order: the specific facts, and hence the
nature and gravity of the offence must be carefully considered. Implicit in
his observations is a real concern that due attention should be given to
making sure that the punishment meted out is commensurate with the wrong
committed; in other words, _proportionality_ is key. As much as the
rehabilitative effect of reformative training is a valuable and important
sentencing goal, it is also imperative that there is a measure of
proportionality in making orders for reformative training so that offenders
are not unduly punished. It is ultimately justice that the courts are
concerned with.

The present appeals

42 In my view the same considerations of proportionality should similarly
feature – perhaps even more so – in the situation where a significant
proportion of an imprisonment sentence has already been served, as in the
present appeals. While this situation is not like that of the English cases
discussed above or _Wong Chun Cheong_ where the statutory maximum period of
imprisonment fell below the minimum period for reformative training, the same
_principle of proportionality_ remains highly relevant. Bearing that in mind,
it was clear to me that to impose reformative training on the Respondents on
21 August 2013 (the date of the second adjourned hearing of the appeals) would
result in grossly disproportionate punishment on them. As much as reformative
training is largely rehabilitative in nature, it is, nevertheless still a form
of punishment (and not a soft option, as mentioned above at [18]). This point
was made in _PP v Abdul Hameed s/o Abdul Rahman and another_ [1997] 2 SLR(R)
71 at [22] by Yong Pung How CJ :

… the purpose of reformative training is to take the place of such
imprisonment. In character, reformative training is a **_form of
incarceration_** or **_deprivation of liberty_**. It corresponds to
imprisonment. The substitution of reformative training for imprisonment is
thus understandable for it would otherwise render the offender liable to
**_double punishment of the same type_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

43 Hence what would have troubled me the most if reformative training were to
be imposed on the Respondents at that point when they were before me was the
fact that this would amount to “double punishment” on them, as both
reformative training and imprisonment are forms of incarceration which deprive
the offenders of their liberty; this was especially so for R1 Saiful who would
have had served his imprisonment sentence mere days after the 21 August 2013
hearing. In respect of R2 Erman and R3 Yunus, even though they still had some
time to go (even assuming they earned the one-third remission of their
sentence for good behaviour) before they served out their prison terms, the
fact remained that if I were to substitute reformative training for the
prisons terms imposed by the District Judge on them, there was a certain
element of double punishment, as they had already served five months and 21
days and four months 18 days respectively of their prison terms (amounting to
approximately 47.5% and 49% of their prison terms, assuming remission for good
conduct) and it would not be just. Thus while I disagreed with the District
Judge’s conclusion that reformative training would have been “crushing” for
the Respondents had he ordered that _from the outset_ , I was not inclined to
order reformative training when I finally decided the appeals on 21 August
2013. I felt that if I had to err, I would prefer to err on the side of being
less harsh. Of course, the matter already troubled me when the appeals first
came before me on 31 July 2013.

Concluding remarks for future situations

44 Moving forward, what, in my view, is really crucial is that measures be
taken to ensure that such an unfortunate situation does not arise again in
future appeals, where an offender would have already served his imprisonment
term (or a good part of it) before an appeal against sentence is heard. One of
the ways in which this can be achieved is to grant the offender bail once the
Prosecution decides to lodge an appeal. Section 383(1) of the CPC provides for
this:

**Stay of execution pending appeal**

**383.** —(1) An appeal shall not operate as a stay of execution, but _the
trial court and the appellate court may stay execution on any judgment,
sentence or order pending appeal_ , on any terms as to security for the
payment of money or the performance or non-performance of an act or the
suffering of a punishment imposed by the judgment, sentence or order as to the
court seem reasonable.

[emphasis added]

45 Additionally, this may also be an area that warrants legislative attention,
given the potential unfairness which may arise in such situations. But until
then, I would only wish to reiterate that parties should take all necessary
measures to ensure that the situation which arose in the present appeals is
avoided in future.

Conclusion

46 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal. Although I was of the
opinion that the District Judge should have ordered reformative training from
the outset for the Respondents, I was not minded to substitute their
imprisonment sentences with reformative training at the hearings of the
appeals due to the fact that they had already served a significant portion of
their imprisonment terms.

47 Finally, it remains for me to express my deep appreciation to the _amicus
curiae_ , Mr Tan, for the invaluable assistance which he had rendered to this
court.

* * *

[note: 1]ROP at 233–237

[note: 2]GD at [23].

[note: 3]The Appellant’s Submissions at para 55.

[note: 4]GD at [24]

[note: 5]The Appellant’s Submissions on Appeal dated 31 July 2013 at para 24.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

