Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Syntroleum Corp _v_ Neste Oil Singapore Pte Ltd  
[2014] SGHCR 18

Case Number| :| Suit No 120 & 510 of 2013, Summons No 537 & 538 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 September 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Yeong Zee Kin SAR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Vignesh Vaerhn with Keefe-Martin Han Wang Zhou (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff; Ms Indulekshmi Rajeswari with Koh Teck Hock
Gerald (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Syntroleum Corp — Neste Oil Singapore Pte Ltd  
  
30 September 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Yeong Zee Kin SAR:

1 This is a set of applications for the disclosure of three categories of
documents. The first category is inventor’s notes in relation to the patents
in issue, namely Singapore patents numbered 172045 and 169053 (“**the 045
patent** ” and “**the 053 patent** ” respectively, or “**the Plaintiff’s
Patents** ” collectively). The next two categories are the experimentation
results obtained by the plaintiff in tests that it performed on the
defendant’s product and on the output obtained from following the instructions
in US Patent No 5,705,722 (“**the US 722 patent** ”).

2 Parties came before me on two occasions – 25 July and 6 August 2014 – for
submissions. At the hearing of 6 August 2014, the plaintiff tendered amended
prayers for these applications (and also withdrew the last prayer in Summons
No 538 of 2014). At the hearing on 14 August 2014, I gave my decision to
dismiss the applications and also ordered that the time for any appeal shall
commence from the date of these detailed grounds of decision.

Defendant’s application

3 The defendant filed two summons applications, one each into the two related
suits. Summons No 537 of 2014 was filed in Suit 120 of 2013; and Summons No
538 of 2014 was filed in Suit 510 of 2013. The issues in both suits are
substantially similar, differing only in that there are two patents in issue.
The categories of documents sought in both summonses are also substantially
similar. Apart from the complexity arising from the subject matter involved,
these are straight forward claims by the plaintiff that the defendant had
infringed its petrochemical patents. The defendant denies infringement and
counterclaims by alleging that the patents are invalid by reason, _inter alia_
, of the defendant’s prior sale of its NExBTL product and for insufficient
disclosure.

4 The defendant seeks the disclosure of a category of documents that can be
referred to in short hand as inventor’s notes. The initial scope of discovery
was for all invention filings, internal reviews of prior art and
correspondence between the inventors in relation to the Plaintiff’s Patents.
In the amended prayers tendered at the second hearing, the period for
disclosure was limited to a four-year period commencing on 10 December 2006
for Summons No 537 of 2014 and 21 August 2006 for Summons No 538 of 2014.
Disclosure of this category was also restricted to claims 22 to 27 of the 045
patent and claim 1 of the 053 patent. The request for disclosure was further
limited to the issue of novelty and inventive steps.

5 The second category of documents sought by the defendant are the plaintiff’s
experimentation results obtained from tests conducted on the defendant’s
NExBTL products. These are products that the defendant had been selling before
the priority date of the Plaintiff’s Patents.

6 The third category of documents sought by the defendant is similar to the
second, except that this relates to experimentation results obtained by the
plaintiff in its tests conducted in accordance to the instructions set forth
in the US 722 patent. These are restricted to experiments conducted in 2
years, namely 2006 and 2012. For Summons No 537 of 2014, the amended prayer
restricts the request to the experimentation results relating to analysis of
the weight percentage of even-carbon number paraffins contained in the output
from the process set forth in the US 722 patent. For Summons No 538 of 2014,
the amended prayer restricts the request to the experimentation results that
anticipate the combination or incorporation of features of Claim 1(d) and (e)
of the 053 patent with the process described in the US 722 patent.

7 The defendant’s submissions for the disclosure of inventor’s notes and
experimentation results are premised on authorities from _Howaldt Ltd v
Condrup Ltd_ (1936) 54 RPC 121, _Lightning Fastener v Colonial Fastener_
(1934) 51 RPC 349, _Halcon International Inc v Shell Transport (Discovery No
2)_ [1979] RPC 459 to _SKM v Wagner Spraytech_ [1982] RPC 497. The defendant
argues that inventor’s notes are relevant as evidence of what the state of the
art was at the time of invention and whether the steps taken by the inventor
was obvious to the ordinary man skilled in the art. The defendant seeks to
adduce such inventor’s notes as secondary evidence. The defendant also seeks
to admit inventor’s notes as evidence of his subjective views on the authority
of _Vickers plc v Horsell Graphic Industries Ltd_ [1988] RPC 421, particularly
where he had expressed inconsistent views during the prosecution of his patent
in different jurisdictions. The defendant’s main submission for the disclosure
of the experimentation results obtained by the plaintiff from tests conducted
on the defendant’s NExBTL product and the US 722 patent is that these will go
to show that the plaintiff’s patents were anticipated by the prior art.

Plaintiff’s objections

8 The plaintiff takes objections to the disclosure of inventor’s notes and
experimentation results on the ground that reliance should be placed on more
recent authorities in _Glaverbel SA v British Coal (No 2)_ [1993] RPC 90,
_Mölnlycke AB v Procter & Gamble Ltd_ [1994] RPC 49 and _Nichia Corp v Argos
Ltd_ [2007] FSR 38. The plaintiff argues that with the adoption of the
objective standards in _Windsurfing International Inc v Tabur Marine (Great
Britain) Ltd_ [1985] RPC 59, the subjective knowledge and intentions of
inventors are no longer relevant and should therefore be excluded. During oral
submissions, counsel for plaintiff sought to persuade me that this exclusion
should be complete and urged that I follow the dissenting opinion of Jacob LJ
in _Nichia Corp_.

9 The plaintiff also raised objections based on Order 87A, rule 5(2)(b), which
limits disclosure of “documents relating to any ground on which the validity
of a patent is put in issue” to a period of four years on either side of the
earliest claimed priority date. It should be noted that at the adjourned
hearing on 6 August 2014, the defendant had amended its prayers in relation to
the disclosure of inventor’s notes to confine its request within these limits.

10 The plaintiff also objects to the disclosure of inventor’s notes and
experimentation results on the ground that these were private documents that
do not form part of the publicly available state of the art. The plaintiff
argued that subjective intentions of the inventor and state of his subjective
knowledge no longer have any relevance post-_Windsurfing_. For these reasons,
the plaintiff submits that they are irrelevant to establishing what the state
of the art was at the time of the invention as the court is constrained to
make this determination based on documents that are publicly available.
Additionally, the plaintiff’s position in relation to the experimentation
results obtained from tests conducted on the defendant’s NExBTL product is
that they had never carried out any such tests and therefore, there is nothing
to disclose.

Inventor’s notes

11 I turn first to consider the request for discovery of inventor’s notes. The
initially overly broad request was, at the penultimate hearing, narrowed
significantly. However, I nevertheless dismissed the application and give my
reasons for doing so in this section. Before delving into the case law, I
should state that narrowing of the scope of the request could not have saved
the application for the reason that the revised scope was significantly
different from that which was initially requested. Parties had spent a
considerable amount of time preparing for the hearing of these applications
and filed a number of affidavits on the basis of the scope of discovery sought
in the original request. The issues that were canvassed through the affidavits
and during submissions in an application for the disclosure of _all_
inventor’s notes are significantly different to those that would have been
canvassed when disclosure is confined to a two-year period commencing from 10
December 2006, restricted to the issues of novelty and inventive steps and
further limited to specific claims in the Plaintiff’s Patents. Had the request
been made with this degree of specificity, the plaintiff’s position would have
been very different and the arguments that were put forward during the hearing
of the application would have also taken a very different path. As it were,
most of the affidavits and submissions focused on the issue of whether
inventor’s notes ought to be discoverable, instead of dwelling on the specific
issues of novelty and inventive step that the inventor’s notes would have been
used to prove or disprove. These particulars only emerged when the amended
prayers were tendered at the second hearing. It was therefore unsurprising
that the plaintiff’s counsel had intimated that if the application were to
proceed on the amended prayers, fresh instructions would have to be taken. In
the end, I thought that it is better for the application to be dismissed and
for the defendant to make a separate application, after taking further
instructions and considering the issues that I will now traverse.

Whether inventor’s notes are discoverable

12 Plaintiff’s counsel sought to persuade me that, on principle and as a
general rule, inventor’s notes are not discoverable. The thrust of the
arguments is that since the adoption of the objective standard for assessing
obviousness and inventive step, the analysis should be conducted in reliance
on publicly available documents. Inventor’s notes are not publicly available
and thus not accessible to the hypothetical reasonably skilled person in the
art. Reliance was place on _Glaverbel SA v British Coal Corp (No 2)_ [1993]
RPC 90 for the proposition that inventor’s notes are irrelevant and should
therefore not be discoverable. Plaintiff’s counsel also argued that a
distinction should be drawn between cases allowing the disclosure of
inventor’s notes that were decided before the adoption of the objective
standard in the decision in _Windsurfing International Inc v Tabur Marine
(Great Britain) Ltd_ [1985] RPC 59 and those that were decided after. The
submission was that post-_Windsurfing_ , inventor’s notes were not
discoverable since they are not relevant. Reliance was placed on Jacob LJ’s
speech in the more recent UK Court of Appeal decision of _Nichia Corp v Argos
Ltd_ [2007] FSR 38; [2007] EWCA Civ 741 for their submission that inventor’s
notes should not be discoverable.

13 The defendant relies heavily on an earlier UK Court of Appeal decision in
_SKM SA and Another v Wagner Spraytech (UK) Ltd and Others_ [1982] RPC 497 to
support their application. Their submissions are that inventor’s notes are
discoverable and, in answer to my query about how they intended to make use of
the inventor’s notes, they point to the usages that were set out in the speech
by Oliver LJ in this decision. Defendant’s counsel were quick to highlight
that Jacob LJ’s speech in _Nichia_ was in the minority but the majority had
allowed discovery.

14 A survey of the cases cited before me dispels the assumption, fundamental
to the plaintiff’s submission on the pre- and post-_Windsurfing_ distinction,
that the objective standard for assessing obviousness and inventive step was
adopted only since the _Windsurfing_ decision. On the contrary, the objective
standard had been adopted earlier and a perusal of the 1982 _SKM_ decision –
which predates the _Windsurfing_ decision by three years – will reveal that
the objective standard was very much within the contemplation of the Court of
Appeal (at p 500):

… quite apart from any of the decided cases, there appears, _prima facie_ , to
be no reason at all why the inventor’s or patentee’s researches should have
any relevance to the question of whether a particular claimed invention is
obvious. _Obviousness is an objective matter_ … What the inventor himself took
as his starting point, what mental processes he went through and what
experiments he conducted may tell the court a good deal about him personally
but it will, so it is claimed, tell it nothing about the relevant issue in the
inquiry, ie _whether the hypothetical skilled man would find the invention
obvious_ , unless the inventor is putting himself forward as the living
embodiment of the hypothetical skilled man. [Emphasis added.]

15 It seems clear to me, after perusing all the cases cited before me, that
inventor’s notes are discoverable. This is a proposition that is beyond doubt.
In _Halcon International Inc v The Shell Transport and Trading Co and Others
(Discovery No 2)_ [1979] RPC 459, Whitford J observed (at p 464) that
“evidence as to the way in which an inventor arrives at the invention may, I
think, be of considerable assistance to the court in reaching a determination
as to whether what is alleged to be inventive was really little more than
routine work”. The decision of the Court of Appeal in _SKM SA and Another v
Wagner Spraytech (UK) Ltd and Others_ [1982] RPC 497 affirms that inventor’s
notes are discoverable and, as observed by Jacob LJ in the later decision in
_Nichia_ , was a watermark decision that prompted a _de rigeur_ disclosure of
inventor’s notes whenever obviousness was in issue. Oliver LJ observed that
since the decision in _Halcon_ , there was a practice to order discovery of
inventor’s notes when obviousness is challenged. He also observed (at p 504)
that “it has become usual to call the inventor to give evidence on the issue”.
He reasons that if the evidence of the inventor is material, then equally so
will his notes be. Similarly in _Mölnlycke AB v Proctor & Gamble Led (No 3)_
[1990] RPC 498, it was held that inventor’s notes are relevant to the issues
of obviousness and insufficiency of the patent. Most recently in _Nichia Corp
v Argos Ltd_ [2007] FSR 38; [2007] EWCA Civ 741, the Court of Appeal disagreed
with the patent judge who had disallowed disclosure of inventor’s notes on
principle and remitted the case back for him to consider how a disclosure
order could be tailored in order to ensure proportionality and to manage
costs.

16 Before leaving this topic, I should comment on the plaintiff’s submissions,
made in reliance on _Glaverbel SA v British Coal Corp (No 2)_ [1993] RPC 90,
that inventor’s notes, being evidence of his subjective intentions, thoughts
and opinions which are not relevant, are therefore _ipso facto_ not
discoverable. A perusal of this case discloses that the passages in which
Mummery J states the rationale for excluding inventor’s notes deal with the
_interpretation_ of the patent claims. The court explains the rationale for
this exclusionary rule (at p 94) thus:

The reason for excluding that evidence is the same as the reason for excluding
evidence of prior negotiations leading to a contract, which is not admissible
to construe a contract … Such evidence is not regarded by the court as helpful
or relevant in ascertaining the meaning of the language in which the inventor
and his advisers have described the invention.”

17 The decision of the Patents Court on this issue was upheld by the Court of
Appeal in _Galverbel SA v British Coal Corporation and Another_ [1995] RPC
255, holding (at p 268) that “evidence of the patentee as to what he intended
it to mean should not be admitted … a patent is construed objectively, through
the eyes of a skilled addressee.”

18 The exclusionary rule, at least as articulated in _Glaverbel_ , does not
extend to an absolute bar to discovery or exclusion for other purposes, for
example, to show the subjective intentions of the inventor (when this is
relevant), the state of the art or to demonstrate that he has adopted
inconsistent positions in different proceedings. That is not to say that
inventor’s notes should be relied upon as primary evidence to prove or
disprove obviousness. Obviousness is construed objectively through a purposive
construction of the patent claims as drafted: _Mühlbauer AG v Manufacturing
Integration Technology Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 724; [2010] SGCA 6.

When inventor’s notes are to be disclosed

19 The question of when inventor’s notes ought to be disclosed was considered
in the recent decision by the UK Court of Appeal in _Nichia Corp v Argos Ltd_
[2007] FSR 38; [2007] EWCA Civ 741. The majority of the Court of Appeal
disagreed with the decision of the patent judge that inventor’s notes should
not be disclosed during standard disclosure as a _prima facie_ rule and
remitted the issue back for reconsideration, in particular whether disclosure
can be restricted temporally and/or to certain classes of documents: _per_ Rix
LJ, at [73] – [74]. Although Jacob LJ’s speech was treated as dissenting, the
majority shared the concerns that he articulated. The difference was that
whereas Jacob LJ was in favour of a _prima facie_ rule against disclosure of
inventor’s notes during standard disclosure, the majority preferred to rely on
“a rigorous application of the rationale of standard disclosure” (_per_ Rix
LJ, at [73]) in order to tailor a disclosure order that achieves “a just
outcome, which includes limiting, as far as possible, the costs incurred”
(_per_ Pill LJ, at [82]).

20 The applications before me are for an order that the plaintiff files a
further and better list, ie further discovery, after general discovery has
been given. If the application as originally prayed for were to be granted,
then it is tantamount to saying that inventor’s notes should be given during
general discovery whenever obviousness is in issue. However, there are dangers
in taking this approach as highlighted in the speech of Jacob LJ in _Nichia_.
The alternative is to adopt a more calibrated approach for the disclosure of
inventor’s notes, heeding the exhortation of the Court of Appeal in _Mölnlycke
AB v Proctor & Gamble Led (No 3)_ [1990] RPC 498 to keep secondary evidence
firmly in its place. It is this latter approach that I adopted and will
provide my reasons for doing so.

21 It is the speech of Jacob LJ that we should look to for a dissertation of
the mis-steps in the area of automatous and overly broad discovery, which in
patent cases is exemplified in the _de rigeur_ disclosure of inventor’s notes.
Jacob LJ begins with a reminder of the objective standard for assessing
obviousness and explains why the assessment should be made with only reference
to publicly available documents (at [16]):

… A patent is a public document. Any member of the public ought in principle
to be able to make his own assessment of not only what the monopoly is, but
whether that monopoly is valid. Obviousness is an objective question. If it
depends on the private evidence or document of the patentee (or of anyone
else) the purely objective nature of the question will be impaired.

22 The learned judge surveyed the case law and practice, concluding at [30]
that:

So we have long been apparently inconsistent: on the one hand recognising and
saying that obviousness is purely objective and on the other hand admitting
evidence from inventors and paying attention to how the individual defendant
struggled with the problem (or, in favour of obviousness had no problem and
readily reached the alleged invention with no knowledge of it) or how he
reacted upon learning about the invention.

23 Relying on the earlier Court of Appeal decision in _Mölnlycke AB v Procter
& Gamble Ltd_ [1994] RPC 49, Jacob LJ opined that inventor’s notes are
secondary evidence and “must be ‘kept firmly in its place’” (at [32]),
emphasising that disclosure ought therefore to be restricted in order to
ensure proportionality.

24 Jacob LJ also cites (at [43]) Laddie J in _Hoechst Celanese Corp v BP
Chemicals Ltd_ [1997] FSR 547, at p 565, for his statement that “all the
historical evidence of what individuals did or are thought to have done at or
about the priority date is of no assistance in determining whether [the]
development was obvious.” In particular, the criticism that:

… although there was extensive discovery [of inventor’s notes], very little of
it was referred to in court and even the small number of documents which were
took the case no further. This is a great pity because it has meant that
parties have spent much more on this litigation than was necessary and the
trial lasted longer than it ought. …

However, there is much pressure now to reduce the cost of litigation in
general and patent litigation in particular. Parties and the court must be
astute to prevent the expenditure of time, effort and money on the filing and
challenging of unnecessary evidence and discovery. As the Vice Chancellor said
in _Mölnlycke_ secondary evidence on the issue of obviousness must be kept
firmly in its place. …

25 After surveying the case law and reviewing the standards for disclosure
post-Woolf reforms, Jacob LJ’s conclusion, at [48], was that “standard
disclosure no longer requires automatic wholesale disclosure of all the
inventor’s work. A lot will depend on the nature of the case of obviousness
advanced.” Where the objection to obviousness was straight forward, without
raising any issues of commercial success or long-felt need, then the principle
of proportionality favours a rule that disclosure of inventor’s notes should
not be ordered. However, Jacob LJ emphasised that intermediate positions were
possible, depending on the issues raised in the case. He favoured appropriate
disclosure orders tailored at case management conferences that restricted
disclosure to specific periods; parties should also consider using
interrogatories in place of discovery and giving indications whether the
inventor will eventually be called at the trial. Jacob LJ concludes by stating
that he did not consider _SKM_ to remain the governing rule.

The bane of excessive discovery and automatous reproduction at trial

26 _Nichia_ is not a straight forward decision to appreciate and deserves
careful study. Whilst it is true that Jacob LJ’s decision in dismissing the
appeal was in the minority, the other members of the Court of Appeal shared
Jacob LJ’s concerns, in particular the need to keep secondary evidence like
inventor’s notes firmly in their place. The only difference is a question of
timing: should the disclosure of inventor’s notes take place as part of
standard disclosure or subsequently, when their relevance is more evident. In
this section, I explain why I agree with Jacob LJ’s approach and why I had
stressed in my dismissal of the defendant’s application that it was without
prejudice to the defendant making a subsequent application.

27 Jacob LJ’s concern is that of indiscriminate disclosure and automatous
reproduction of discovered documents in its entirety for the trial. This has
an adverse impact by driving up the costs of litigation. There are good
reasons why we should not carry on litigation like we did in the past. This
mischief was observed long ago by Whitford J in _Halcon International Inc v
The Shell Transport and Trading Co and Others (Discovery No 2)_ [1979] RPC
459, at p 465, where he made the following comments regarding the practice of
increasing volumes of disclosure:

… I fear that in this action, as in so many other patent actions, the mere
fact that an order for discovery is made may encourage the parties on both
sides to reproduce an enormous number of documents, few of which will
eventually ever be referred to all, at tremendous expense, and with the
consequent waste of the court’s time when reference has to be made to one of a
vast number of other documents and it accordingly has to be sorted out from
among them. _I say this only in the hope that parties will bear in mind that,
even if discovery be given, they ought not necessarily to consider it as being
a licence to reproduce each and every document which is in fact discovered_ ,
for, if a practice which it seems to me is becoming more and more prevalent,
to do just that, is followed, at some time hereafter it may be necessary to
consider what the consequent result should be if it be found that documents
reproduced have been quite unnecessarily reproduced. [Emphasis added.]

28 Almost three decades later, the practice appears to have become entrenched
and the volumes given in discovery increased. In his speech in _Nichia Corp v
Argos Ltd_ [2007] FSR 38; [2007] EWCA Civ 741, at [33], _et seq_ Jacob LJ
gives an account of the history and the excesses of this practice:

33 … When I was a pupil in 1967, I well recall Mr John Whitford QC (perhaps
the leading silk at the time) saying “never call the inventor.” And it
certainly was not the practice for discovery of inventor’s notebooks or the
like to be sought or ordered. …

34 It was only during the 1970s that the practice of seeking and giving
discovery of inventors’ records seems to have begun. And it was not until 1982
that the Court of Appeal endorsed it. That was in _SKM SA v Wagner Spraytech
(UK) Ltd_ [1982] RPC 497.

…

36 Following _SKM_ , discovery of inventor’s records became routine. No-one
doubts that it has very considerably increased the expense of patent actions.
Consider what is involved. First the documents have to be searched for and
identified. This will involve reading them not only by lawyers but also
perhaps by an expert or experts whose assistance in understanding may be
needed. … The inventor may be called in if available to explain his documents.
Normally several lawyers and perhaps a patent agent will be required. … Often
translation will be involved. When all this is done, the documents are
disclosed. The other side’s lawyers aided by their experts then crawl all over
them. As is usual they look for references to documents mentioned but not
disclosed. This leads to inquiries about missing documents and disputes about
that. Not infrequently there are disputes about confidentiality and the
formation of complicated “confidentiality clubs” of designated lawyers, patent
agents and independent experts, not to mention painfully detailed work on
redaction of material said to be irrelevant. On both sides, many, many hours
are spent and many pages are involved. _Not infrequently the whole lot ends up
being copied for trial_.

37 And all for what? Only “secondary evidence” which must be kept “firmly in
its place”.

…

46 … It is wrong just to disclose a mass of background document which do not
really take the case one way or another. And there is a real vice in doing so:
it compels mass reading by the lawyers on the other side, and is _followed
usually by the importation of the documents into the whole case thereafter –
hence trial bundles most of which are never looked at_. [Emphasis added.]

29 In summary, the mischief that is so rooted in our practice of civil
litigation is the want of discernment in the selection of documents, given
during discovery, when compiling the trial bundle. The issue can be arrested
upstream if we are more vigilant in only giving discovery of documents that
are necessary. For patent cases, I should think that secondary evidence like
inventor’s notes ought to be put through a fine sieve in order to avoid
unnecessary disclosure.

Proposed framework for disclosure of inventor’s notes

30 A close reading of _Nichia_ reveals that there is a consistent message in
all three speeches: that is to ensure that the discovery of secondary evidence
is properly managed in order to adhere to the principle of proportionality and
to manage litigation costs. Jacob LJ’s preferred approach (at [48]) is “that
standard disclosure no longer requires automatic wholesale disclosure of all
the inventor’s work. A lot will depend on the nature of the case of
obviousness advanced.” It would appear from this statement that it is within
the contemplation of Jacob LJ that in an appropriate case, where the case of
obviousness that is advanced warrants it, that inventor’s notes may be
disclosed during standard disclosure. In any event, Jacob LJ contemplated that
the proper place for disclosure of inventor’s notes is _after standard
disclosure_ pursuant to a specific disclosure request. Rix and Pill LJJ,
forming the majority of the Court of Appeal, preferred that the extent of
disclosure of inventor’s notes be a matter that parties work through with the
patent judge during their case management conferences in order to tailor an
appropriate disclosure order _during standard disclosure_. This would have
required parties and the patent judge to delve into the particulars of the
challenges to obviousness in order to identify the issues in order to tailor
the standard disclosure order. To my mind, this is merely a difference in
timing. The issues that would have surfaced in a more detailed discussion
during case management conferences are very likely to be the same ones that
will surface after expert reports are exchanged and experiments conducted in
the run up to the trial.

31 Adapting these ideas to our context, I am of the view that inventor’s notes
should not be discoverable during general discovery – our equivalent of
standard disclosure – _unless the issues for which they are required have been
especially particularised_. These may be through pleadings (eg, the
particulars of objections) or through a list of issues. We should keep firmly
in mind that inventor’s notes are secondary evidence pertinent to the issue of
obviousness. As obviousness is an objective analysis, the primary evidence
relied upon should be documents that are publicly available. Similarly, the
issues and challenges faced by researchers in that field should be evidenced
through publicly available documents. In many cases, we may never need to go
beyond publicly available documents. Recourse should not be made to private
inventor’s notes unless it is necessary to do so.

32 Despite the differences of opinion as to when it ought to be done, the
necessity of considering the issues at a sufficient level of granularity in
tailoring an appropriate order for the disclosure of inventor’s notes is the
common thread that runs through all three speeches of the Court of Appeal in
_Nichia_. This requires pleadings that delve into sufficient particularity. In
the present case, the Particulars of Objections (Amendment No 2) does not
contain much in the way of detailed pleading apart from identifying the claims
challenged, the abstract ground of challenge (eg lack of novelty or inventive
step) and the prior art. Had a greater level of detail been pleaded in the
particulars of objections, the grounds on which the applications were
contested would very likely have been different and my decision may well have
been too. As things turned out, much of the submissions dealt with the
abstract legal issue of whether inventor’s notes were discoverable. Even when
I invited counsel for the defendant to state how the inventor’s notes were
intended to be used, the defendant could do no more than to point to the
usages that Oliver LJ enumerated in his speech in _SKM SA and Another v Wagner
Spraytech (UK) Ltd and Others_ [1982] RPC 497, at p 507, _et seq_. Since the
pleadings were lacking in particulars, the defendant’s counsel could not
assist the court in submissions that could have resulted in an order for
discovery that was properly tailored to ensure proportionality and the
management of costs. Had the level of detail present in the amended prayers
been pleaded, I am confident that counsel would have offered greater
assistance during submissions. As an aside, I should point out that the usages
enumerated in _SKM_ ought to be treated with circumspect in light of Jacob
LJ’s criticisms in _Nichia Corp v Argos Ltd_ [2007] FSR 38; [2007] EWCA Civ
741, at [35] and [56].

33 Given the abstract level of the relevant pleadings, the plaintiff’s failure
to disclose inventor’s notes as part of its general discovery cannot, to my
mind, be faulted. In a future case, where the particulars of objections are
sufficiently particularised to enable a proper consideration of not just the
abstract grounds of challenge but the detailed issues, as well as a discussion
of how the inventor’s notes are intended to be used after disclosure, it is
not inconceivable that inventor’s notes may be directed to be disclosed as
part of general discovery.

34 However, these applications were made subsequent to general discovery
pursuant to specific discovery requests for this class of documents that the
defendant submits ought to have been disclosed as part of the plaintiff’s
general discovery. At this stage of the proceedings, we have not made much
progress beyond general discovery. The pleadings are no more particularised
now than before general discovery. A list of issues has not been drawn up.
Notices of experiments have not been filed or exchanged. We have not begun to
discuss the issues that require expert evidence or how expert evidence ought
to be made ready for trial. These applications are, to my mind, premature.

35 I have articulated my thoughts on how inventor’s notes can be discoverable
as part of general discovery in the event that the issues pertaining to the
obviousness have been sufficiently particularised. In a case like the present,
what would be an appropriate juncture to consider this sort of disclosure? I
have in mind the trite common law principle, now enshrined in Order 24, rule
8, that discovery is an ongoing obligation throughout the case. As noted by
the authors of the _Singapore Civil Procedure 2013_ (Vol 1), at para 24/8/1:

This rule makes explicit what was previously implicit that a party’s
obligation to give discovery is _not_ limited to documents which have come
into a party’s possession before the date of his list of documents. …

See too _Vernon v Bosley (No 2)_ [1999] QB 18; [1997] 1 All ER 614, in which
the Court of Appeal reaffirmed that a party to civil litigation was under a
continuing obligation until the conclusion of the proceedings to disclose all
relevant documents whenever they came into his possession, unless they were
clearly privileged from disclosure, notwithstanding that discovery by list or
affidavit had already been made.

36 Having in mind the Vice Chancellor’s exhortation in _Mölnlycke_ that
secondary evidence ought to be kept firmly in its place, the touchstone must
be that inventor’s notes become discoverable when the issues on obviousness
are sufficiently particularised such that it becomes evident that these
documents – or a part of them – are relevant and material to identified issues
in dispute and their disclosure will therefore be necessary for the fair
disposal of the case or for the saving of costs. Case law provides us with
some guidance as to the particular junctures.

37 **When inventor to be called as a witness.** As Jacob LJ observed in
_Nichia Corp v Argos Ltd_ [2007] FSR 38; [2007] EWCA Civ 741, at [40], “there
was no case where, when the patentee did not lead evidence from the inventor,
disclosure of the inventor’s records played any part at all at trial.”
Whenever the plaintiff intimates that the inventor is to be called as a
witness, I think that is the juncture at which the issue of disclosure of his
inventor’s notes has to be considered. Under our case management practices,
this is not likely to take place until after discovery is past. This is not to
say that a plaintiff may not be asked to state his intentions as to whether
the inventor will be called as a witness before directions for general
discovery are made. Having said this, I also do not think that a decision to
call an inventor should put all of his notes into relevance, nor should this
_ipso facto_ render all his notes discoverable. I identify this merely as a
trigger for parties to discuss the disclosure of inventor’s notes. I also find
persuasive the submission of counsel for the plaintiffs in _SKM SA and Another
v Wagner Spraytech (UK) Ltd and Others_ [1982] RPC 497, Stephen Gratwick QC,
who submitted, at p 500, that where “the inventor is putting himself forward
as the living embodiment of the hypothetical skilled man”, and he is called as
a witness to give evidence as such person, then his conduct of experiments and
his notes would be relevant to demonstrate that the invention was not obvious.

38 **Whenever specific issues particularised.** The decision in _SKM SA and
Another v Wagner Spraytech (UK) Ltd and Others_ [1982] RPC 497, at p 507,
provides another juncture that ought to trigger a consideration of the issue
of discovery of inventor’s notes: Where the disclosure is confined to the
production of a certain result (in this case, the effect of air jets deflected
from the surface of a nozzle so as to surround the projected sheet of paint),
inventor’s notes may be relied upon to demonstrate how a particular skilled
man (ie the inventor) arrived at his conclusion and this can assist the court
in its determination of how the hypothetical skilled man will operate. The
particularisation of specific issues relating to obviousness may take place at
any time, varying from case to case. As intimated above, if particulars are
sufficiently detailed in the pleadings, then the disclosure should be part of
general discovery. If not, then at any subsequent juncture when the issues
become sufficiently clear, eg an amendment of pleadings, drawing up a list of
issues, etc. As an aside, this appears, in my reading of _Nichia_ , to be the
only usage enumerated by Oliver LJ in _SKM_ that survived Jacob LJ’s critique
in _Nichia_ (see paragraph 32 above).

39 **After exchange of expert reports or conduct of experiments.** As Jacob LJ
observed in _Nichia Corp v Argos Ltd_ [2007] FSR 38; [2007] EWCA Civ 741, at
[64]:

So I think the judge was right to refuse disclosure. … he is a very
experienced judge who was clearly aware of the cost implications of the
proposed disclosure and would readily have seen how proportionate it was,
given how (to use his word) “peripheral” secondary evidence of this nature
was. What he actually did was not to refuse it altogether. As he said,
something might turn up in the experts’ reports or experiments to justify an
order for it. But as things are now, he clearly held disclosure was not
proportionate … That was not wrong in principle.

40 The relevance (or irrelevance) of inventor’s notes becomes evident as the
technical issues are sharpened through the procedures of experimentation and
exchange expert reports. By this stage, we are very close to trial and the
issues should be clearly defined.

Experimentation results

41 The reasons for my dismissal of the prayers for disclosure of
experimentation results may be set out briefly, for the issues are not
complex. Two categories of experimentation results were prayed for: (a) the
plaintiff’s experimentation results obtained from tests conducted on the
defendant’s NExBTL product and (b) experimentation results obtained by the
plaintiff in its tests conducted in accordance to the instructions set forth
in the US 722 patent – see paragraphs 5 and 6 above. The defendant’s case is
that these experimentation results will go to show that the plaintiff’s
patents were anticipated by prior art.

From tests conducted on the defendant’s NExBTL products

42 In respect of the prayer for disclosure of the plaintiff’s experimentation
results obtained from tests conducted on the defendant’s NExBTL products, my
reasons for dismissing the prayer are as follows. The prayer sought disclosure
of experimentation results of tests conducted on the NexBTL products. The
prayer in the summons application is for “documents concerning testing,
review, evaluation and/or analysis of the Defendant’s NExBTL–Diesel and/or
NExBTL–Technology in at least 2012”.

43 It emerged during submissions that what the defendant was truly after were
the experimentation results from tests conducted by the plaintiff on the
output of the process described in the defendant’s Swedish Patent numbered
9700149 (“**the SE 149 patent** ”). However, this was not what the defendant
had prayed for, either expressly or by implication. The Particulars of
Objections (Amendment No 2) does not give any hint that the experimentation
results of the SE 149 patent is going to be of any relevance:

(a) Paragraphs 1.2.5 – 1.2.6 and 2.2.5 – 2.2.6 of the Particulars of
Objections (Amendment No 2) are identical and aver to the availability of the
NExBTL products in priority to the Plaintiff’s patents:

1.2.5 Neste Oil Oyj in Finland began manufacturing a product called NExBTL
produced from the hydrodeoxygenation and subsequent isomerization of
biocomponents at its plant in Finland in 2007 and continued to do so until the
priority date of Claim 22, i.e. the 10th December 2008. Buses in Finland used
a 30% NExBTL blend in 2007 and 100% NExBTL beginning in April 2008. Neste
Green diesel, containing at least 10% NExBTL, went on sale in Finland in May
2008.

1.2.6 NExBTL is an isoparaffinic renewable diesel fuel.

(b) Additionally, the sole reference to the SE 149 patent is its enumeration
in paragraph 4.3.4.12 as an article of prior art in the challenge to claim 25
of the 045 patent for lack of inventive step: “SE 9700149 made available to
the public on the 6th August 1997 (_in particular its background art_)”
[emphasis added].

44 Having considered both the prayer and the relevant paragraphs in the
Particulars of Objections (Amendment No 2), I can only say that these draw the
reader’s attention onto two areas: _first_ , that the defendant’s NExBTL
products in its entirety anticipated the Plaintiff’s Patents; and _second_ ,
the particular relevance of the background art stated in the SE 149 patent to
the validity challenge. The reader is not given any hint that the
experimentation results of tests conducted on the output of the process
described in the SE 149 patent is what the defendant was truly seeking under
the summons.

45 The plaintiff’s representative Lynn Tomlinson had deposed on affidavit
dated 6 March 2014 that “the Plaintiff has never obtained a sample of or
tested the Defendant’s NExBTL product.” This is the unambiguous answer to the
defendant’s request as _expressly_ prayed for and hence the prayer should be
dismissed.

46 The defendant’s representative Heikki Jalmari Sasi averred (in his
affidavit dated 30 January 2014) that the process outlined in the SE 149
patent forms one of the core processes used by the defendant to make NExBTL
products. The defendant did not offer any evidence about what other processes
are involved. I am therefore unable to make any form of assessment as to the
significance of the process taught by the SE 149 patent in the production of
the defendant’s NExBTL product. Accordingly, I am not prepared to treat the
output of the SE 149 patent to be equivalent to the defendant’s NExBTL
product. Hence, I am not prepared to treat a prayer for the disclosure of
experimentation results of tests on the NExBTL product as an _implied_ request
for the experimentation results of tests on the output of the SE 149 patent.

From tests conducted on the US 722 patent

47 As for the prayer for experimentation results obtained by the plaintiff in
its tests conducted in accordance to the instructions taught by the US 722
patent, the reason for its dismissal is a pleading point. The plaintiff does
not dispute that experiments were conducted but took objections to disclosure
on two grounds. First, these were private experiments the results from which
were not publicly available and therefore does not comprise any part of the
prior art. Second, the defendant had failed to plead that the output or
experimental data from tests conducted in accordance to the US 722 patent
anticipates the plaintiff’s invention. A perusal of the Defence and
Counterclaim as well as the Particulars of Objections (Amendment No 2)
buttresses the plaintiff’s point: the US 722 patent is not cited as prior art
in either of these pleadings. Since the US 722 patent is not pleaded as an
article of prior art, the plaintiff cannot be expected to know that it will be
relied on or _a fortiori_ how it will be relied on. On this latter ground
alone, the defendant’s prayer for experimentation results from the US 722
patent should be dismissed; and I did so order.

48 I should add that having heard lengthy submissions on this issue, I could
not understand why, if the defendant’s case is that the US 722 patent
anticipates the plaintiff’s patent, the defendant cannot simply conduct the
experiments themselves. During submissions, the defendant submitted that if
one were to follow the instructions of the US 722 patent, the output of that
process will be at least 75 wt % of even-carbon paraffins, and that this
discloses the plaintiff’s invention. Both parties have access to the US 722
patent. I have not heard any submissions that the defendant is unable to or
incapable of conducting experiments in accordance to the instructions set
forth in the US 722 patent. On the contrary, the plaintiff’s representative
Lynn Tomlinson suspects that “the defendant itself has already extensively
reproduced the process and products from [the US 722 patent]” (_vide_ his
affidavit dated 21 April 2014). I would have thought that the defendant, if it
chooses to make its case that the output of the process described in the US
722 patent anticipates the plaintiff’s invention, can simply arrange for the
experiment to be conducted pursuant to a notice of experiment served in
accordance with Order 87A, rule 6. Should the defendant do so, then I should
think that the plaintiff would be obliged to disclose its experimentation
results, whether these be from experiments conducted pursuant to the procedure
under Order 87A, rule 6 or experiments that it had conducted prior to the
commencement of proceedings and which have now been made relevant and
discoverable by virtue of the defendant’s experiments and disclosure. I make
this observation on the assumption that the defendant had properly cited the
US 722 patent as an article of prior art and duly pleaded its case. However, I
should state that since this point was not argued before me, I have not based
my decision to dismiss this prayer on this line of reasoning.

Conclusion

49 For the reasons stated in these detailed grounds, I dismissed the
defendant’s applications without prejudice to them applying afresh at a
subsequent stage in these proceedings. I should expect parties to sharpen the
issues pertaining to the challenges to validity of the Plaintiff’s patents as
this case meanders towards a trial on liability. The defendant can reconsider
the relevance of inventor’s notes and make a renewed request when there have
been sufficient changes in the circumstances to warrant a reconsideration of
this issue: see _Recordtv Pte Ltd v MediaCorp TV Singapore Pte Ltd and others_
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 43; [2009] SGHC 146, at [28], _et seq_.

50 Likewise, the defendant should reconsider its pleadings in light of the
observations made hereinbefore in relation to the application for discovery of
experimentation results. Once the pleadings are appropriately amended such
that the relevance of the SE 149 patent and the US 722 patent are pleaded with
sufficient particularity, the discovery of the experimentation results from
tests conducted by the plaintiff prior to the commencement of these
proceedings can be revisited. Finally, the defendant should consider whether
the notice of experiment procedure may be the more appropriate means of
proving its case that the SE 149 patent and the US 722 patent anticipates the
Plaintiff’s Patents.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Sep 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

