Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  FirstLink Investments Corp Ltd _v_ GT Payment Pte Ltd and others  
[2014] SGHCR 12

Case Number| :| Suit No 915 of 2013 (Summons No 5657 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 June 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Joana Teo (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
plaintiff; Sarbrinder Singh (Kertar & Co) for the first defendant.  
Parties| :|  FirstLink Investments Corp Ltd — GT Payment Pte Ltd and others  
  
19 June 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR:

Introduction

1 It is not uncommon that commercial parties omit to include in their
contracts an express choice of law governing their international arbitration
agreements. These “midnight clauses” may be included in the main contract very
late in the day along with other standard terms just before the contract is
signed, understandably so as most parties would be enthusiastic about
concluding the negotiations on the contractual obligations, while failing to
direct their minds to a possible breakdown of the commercial relationship and
the attendant specifics of the dispute resolution process. The central
question raised in the present case concerns how the court would determine the
proper law governing an international arbitration agreement as impliedly
chosen by parties in the absence of an express choice.

Background

2 The plaintiff is a public company incorporated in Singapore in the principal
business activity of investment holding. The first defendant is a limited
private company incorporated in Singapore in the business of online payment
services for global merchants and consumers. The second defendant is a company
incorporated in Singapore in the business of developing software for
electronic commerce applications. The third defendant is allegedly the major
beneficial owner and managing director of the first and second defendants.

3 The plaintiff registered itself on the first defendant’s website as a member
to use the first defendant’s online payment services on 4 January 2012. By
this registration, the plaintiff has agreed to be bound by the plaintiff’s
online user agreement (“the main contract”). The plaintiff deposited a sum of
monies into the online payment account, which, according to the first
defendant, was to be used for its online payment services. According to the
first defendant, instead of using the online payment account kept with the
first defendant for online purchases, the plaintiff used the account to make a
personal payment of $83,820.60 to its own managing director Ling Yew Kong on
17 February 2012. This was allegedly in contravention of the terms of the main
contract, and the first defendant suspended the online payment account pending
investigation of the transaction. The plaintiff’s profile was consequently
exhibited in the first defendant’s website as a suspended member. The
plaintiff on the other hand claims that it had plans to enter into an
investment with the defendants, and that the sum of monies it deposited into
the online account was for “proof of funds” and to conduct a “due diligence”
exercise into the business of the first defendant to test the robustness of
the first defendant’s online payment system. The plaintiff then claims that
the outstanding monies remaining in the online payment account was a loan to
all three defendants. It commenced a court action against all defendants on 8
October 2013 for what it claims is a loan amount in the sum of S$1,010,000.

4 The first defendant (hereinafter referred to as “the defendant") applied for
a stay of the court proceedings based on the following arbitration agreement
in the main contract (“the arbitration agreement”):

Any claim will be adjudicated by Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm
Chamber of Commerce. You and GTPayment agree to submit to the jurisdiction of
the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce. Both parties
expressly agree not to bring the disputes to any other court jurisdictions,
except as agreed here to the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of
Commerce[.]

5 The defendant sought leave to correct a typographical error in the summons
of the stay application so as to clarify that the stay is sought under the
International Arbitration Act (Cap. 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”) and not the
Arbitration Act (Cap. 143). The plaintiff consented to this amendment
application on 10 January 2014 subject to the question of costs. Both parties
therefore agree that the question before me is whether a stay of court
proceedings should be granted in favour of arbitration under section 6 of the
IAA. The plaintiff submits that the clause is invalid as it is null and void,
inoperative or incapable of being performed. Before I proceed to consider the
arguments made as to why the arbitration agreement is said invalid, it is
important to first ascertain the applicable standard for determining the
validity of an arbitration agreement.

My decision

The applicable standard to determine the validity of an international
arbitration agreement for the purposes of a stay of court proceedings

6 It was decided in _The “Titan Unity”_ [2013] SGHCR 28 (“ _The ‘Titan Unity_
’”) that an applicant for a stay of court proceedings pursuant to section 6(1)
of the IAA must satisfy on a _prima facie_ basis the pre-condition of showing
the **_existence_** of an arbitration agreement, without which the court would
have no jurisdiction to grant a stay. Where this jurisdiction is invoked, the
court must grant a stay unless the agreement is shown to be “null and void,
inoperative or incapable of being performed”. This parallels the criteria used
in Art II(3) of the 1958 Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of
Foreign Arbitral Awards (“the New York Convention”), which has been commented
to encompass a variety of methods of showing the **_invalidity_** of an
arbitration agreement (Gary B. Born, _International Commercial Arbitration_
(2nd ed, Kluwer International Law 2014) at p 77 (“ _Gary Born_ ”):

… Article II(3)’s “null and void” formula is expansive and encompasses all
claims that an agreement is not valid and binding, including claims that an
agreement was not validly concluded by reason of defects in the validity of
consent. This conclusion is supported by the fact that the Convention was
intended for global application and categorization of contract law defenses
inevitably varies between jurisdictions. It is also supported by the fact that
claims of lack of capacity, uncertainty, duress, lack of notice and the like
cannot be distinguished, in a principled manner, from claims of mistake or
fraud. Accordingly, the better view is that all challenges to the validity of
an arbitration agreement should fall within Article II(3)’s “null and void”
category. As a consequence, all such claims should be for the party
challenging the validity of the arbitration agreement to prove, under
generally-applicable rules of contract law, under standards of proof requiring
a clear showing of invalidity.

7 The precise words used in s 6(2) of the IAA, in particular, that a stay
shall be made “** _unless_** ” the court is satisfied that the arbitration
agreement is invalid, strongly suggests the _presumptive validity_ of an
arbitration agreement. Once an arbitration agreement is shown to exist in that
the applicant is a party to the arbitration agreement under s 6(1) of the IAA,
the agreement is presumed to be valid unless proved to be otherwise under s
6(2). In this regard, the following considerations expounded in _The “Titan
Unity”_ would apply here with even greater force and it would consequently be
sufficient for the purposes of a stay application that the court be satisfied
of the agreement’s validity on a _prima facie_ basis without having to descend
to a full review:

(a) First, the _prima facie_ threshold gives effect to the intention of the
drafters of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration
(“Model Law”), to confer the requisite primacy to the doctrine of _Kompetenz-
Kompetenz_ enshrined in Art 16 of the Model Law, which is given the force of
law via s 3 of the IAA. In particular, the drafters’ decision to delete Art 17
found in the Working Group’s Fourth draft dated 29 November 1983
(A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.48) (H. Holtzmann & J. Neuhaus, _A Guide to the UNCITRAL
Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration: Legislative History and
Commentary_ 303 (2013) at p 500 (“ _Holtzmann & Neuhaus_”)), which expressly
provided a party the recourse of seeking a court ruling on whether there is a
valid arbitration agreement, was rationalised by the drafters in the Fifth
working group report dated 6 March 1984 (A/CN.9/246) that this provision was
not in harmony with the principle underlying Art 16 of the Model Law that it
was initially and primarily for the arbitral tribunal to decide upon its own
jurisdiction, subject to ultimate court control (see _The “Titan Unity”_ at
[14] – [18]).

(b) Second, the _prima facie_ threshold is consistent with the carefully
considered approach adopted in fellow common law jurisdictions which
subscribes to the Model Law, including Hong Kong (_Pacific International Lines
(Pte) Ltd v Tsinlien Metals and Minerals Co Ltd_ , XVIII Y.B. Comm. Arb. 180
(H.K. S.Ct. 1992) (1993); _PCCW Global Ltd v Interactive Communications
Service Ltd_ [2006] HKCA 434; and _In Private Company ‘Triple V’ Inc v Star
(Universal) Co Ltd and Anor_ [1995] 3 HKC 129); Canada (_Gulf Canada Resources
Ltd v Arochem Int’l Ltd_ 66 B.C.L.R.2d 113; _Rio Algom Ltd v Sami Steel Co
Ltd_ , XVIII Y.B.Comm.Arb. 166 (1993); _Agrawest Investments Ltd v BMA
Nederland BV_ [2005] PEIJ No 48; _Morran v Carbone_ [2005] OJ No 409; _ETR
Concession Co v Ontario (Minister of Transportation)_ [2004] OJ No 4516; and
_Cooper v Deggan_ [2003] BCJ No 1638); and India (_Shin-Etsu Chemical Co. Ltd
v Aksh Optifibre Ltd_ (2005) 3 Arb LR 1) (see _The “Titan Unity”_ at [22] –
[26]).

(c) Third, the position emanates from the judicial policy of consolidating the
court’s review of international arbitration disputes at the end of the
arbitral life cycle, so that the court’s fullest jurisdiction to determine the
validity of an arbitration agreement remain with the same courts having
jurisdiction to conduct a full review of an arbitral award under the limited
grounds provided in Art V of the New York Convention (Emmauel Gaillard and Yas
Banifatemi, _Negative effect of Competence-Competence: the Rule of Priority in
Favour of the arbitrators_ , in Enforcement of Arbitration Agreements and
International Arbitral Awards: The New York Convention in Practice 257-258
(Gaillard and Di Pietro, eds., 2008)) (see _The “Titan Unity”_ at [29]).

(d) Finally, this is reinforced by the statutory framework of the IAA. In
particular, section 10(2) of the IAA defers the decision on the arbitral
tribunal’s jurisdiction to the arbitral tribunal itself, where it is the
_first_ (although not the only) arbiter of its own jurisdiction, and the
deeming mechanism of section 2A(6) of the IAA strongly suggests that the
enquiry into the existence of a valid arbitration agreement is meant to be a
quick and summary process (see _The “Titan Unity”_ at [31] – [33]).

8 The party resisting the stay application in the present case made only a
weak objection to this threshold question. The plaintiff did not assert that
the court has to conduct a full review of the validity of the agreement but
instead submitted without explanation that the applicable threshold is that of
an “arguable case” (see written submissions dated 6 June 2014), and relied in
support of this submission the material in Robert Merkin and Johanna
Hjalmarsson, _Singapore Arbitration Legislation Annotated_ (2009) at page 24,
which based its opinion on case English authorities. The reasons why
authorities from England (where the Model Law does not have the force of law)
are unhelpful in this context have been highlighted in the decision of _The
“Titan Unity”_ at [16] – [21]. Having ascertained the applicable threshold to
determine the validity of an arbitration agreement for the purposes of a stay
of court proceedings, I now proceed to consider the arguments raised by the
plaintiff.

Departure from SulAmérica - determining the implied choice of law governing an
international arbitration agreement

9 There is no express law governing the arbitration agreement in the present
case. However, parties have expressly indicated the law governing the main
contract (hereinafter referred to as “the substantive law”) as follows:

16\. General.

This Agreement is governed by and interpreted under the laws of Arbitration
Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce as such laws are applied to
agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within Stockholm.

10 This is undoubtedly an unusual choice, for the substantive law expressly
chosen by commercial parties are in practice national laws, whereas the rules
of an international arbitral institution are commonly selected to complement
the curial law or _lex arbitri_ governing the procedure of an arbitration.
There is therefore an obvious curiosity as to how the parties’ substantive
obligations can be governed by the rules of an arbitral institution, but this
is not in and of itself an issue in the present case given that the validity
of the main contract is not in question before this court. The arbitration
agreement is, at the moment, shielded by the doctrine of separability. The
choice of substantive law is however important here because the plaintiff
takes the position that the same choice applies to the arbitration agreement,
and submits that the agreement is consequently null and void, inoperative or
incapable of being performed given that the Arbitration Institute of the
Stockholm Chamber of Commerce (hereinafter referred to as “the SCC”) only
provides a framework of rules applicable to govern the procedure of an
arbitration (see plaintiff’s written submissions of 12 May and 6 June 2014).
Counsel for the plaintiff argues that the agreement is invalid and
unenforceable as “it does not make sense” for an arbitration agreement to be
governed by the “laws” of an international arbitral institute such as the SCC
(see notes of evidence for hearing on 14 May 2014). Counsel for the defendant
on the other hand submits that the substantive law was only chosen to govern
the main contract and not the arbitration agreement (see notes of evidence for
hearing on 14 May 2014).

11 The general methodology to determine the law governing an arbitration
agreement (hereinafter referred to as “the proper law”) was pronounced in the
leading decision of the English Court of Appeal in _SulAmérica Cia Nacional De
Seguros S.A. and others v Enesa Engenharia S.A._ [2012] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 671 (“
_SulAmérica_ ”) as a three-stage enquiry into (i) the express choice; (ii) the
implied choice in the absence of an express choice; and (iii) where the
parties had not made any choice, the proper law would be the law which the
arbitration agreement has its closest and most real connection with. It was
held that as a matter of principle, each stage ought to be embarked on
separately and in that order, in view that any choice made by parties must be
respected. This methodology mirrors the three-stage enquiry which the
Singapore Court of Appeal has used to determine the substantive law governing
commercial contracts (see _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [36], and _JIO Minerals FZC and others v Mineral
Enterprises Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 391 at [79]). Given the Singapore Court of
Appeal’s observation in _Insigma Technology Co Ltd v Alstom Technology Ltd_
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 936 at [30] (“ _Insigma_ ”) that an arbitration agreement
should be construed like any other form of commercial contracts, the _general_
methodology pronounced in _SulAmérica_ would be welcomed in Singapore’s
jurisprudence for determining the proper law of an arbitration agreement. The
_precise application_ of the methodology in _SulAmérica_ may however require
further consideration. In particular, with regard to stage two of the enquiry
where there is no express proper law such as the situation in the present
case, the English Court of Appeal essentially created a _rebuttable_
presumption that the express substantive law of the contract would be taken as
the parties’ implied choice of the proper law governing the arbitration
agreement (at [26]):

In the absence of any indication to the contrary, an express choice of law
governing the substantive contract is a strong indication of the parties'
intention in relation to the agreement to arbitrate. A search for an implied
choice of proper law to govern the arbitration agreement is therefore likely …
to lead to the conclusion that the parties intended the arbitration agreement
to be governed by the same system of law as the substantive contract, unless
there are other factors present which point to a different conclusion. These
may include the terms of the arbitration agreement itself or the consequences
for its effectiveness of choosing the proper law of the substantive
contract[.]

12 This was accepted in _Asranovia Ltd & Ors v Cruz City 1 Mauritius Holdings_
[2012] EWHC 3702 (Comm), and in _Habas Sinai Ve Tibbi Gazlar Istihsal
Endustrisi AS v VSC Steel Company Ltd_ [2013] EWHC 4071 (Comm). In the latter
decision, the English Commercial Court at [101] interpreted _SulAmérica_ as
prescribing that the choice of the seat of arbitration is likely to be
overwhelmingly significant in a situation where no substantive law is
expressed in the main contract; but where the substantive law is expressed in
the main contract, this is a “strong indication” in relation to the parties’
intention as to the proper law governing the arbitration agreement, so much so
that parties’ choice of the seat may not in itself be sufficient to displace
the indication of choice implicit in the express choice of substantive law.
The purport of this line of authorities essentially boils down to the
following principle: - in a competition between the chosen substantive law and
the law of the chosen seat of arbitration, all other facts being equal (in a
situation where there are no sufficiently strong indications to the contrary),
the law will make an inference that the parties have impliedly chosen the
substantive law to be the proper law applicable to the arbitration agreement.
The English Court of Appeal rationalised this by the fact that commercial
parties would ordinarily intend to have the whole of their relationship
governed by the same system of law (see _SulAmérica_ , in particular at [11]):

It has long been recognized that in principle the proper law of an arbitration
agreement which itself forms part of a substantive contract may differ from
that of the contract as a whole, but it is probably fair to start from the
assumption that, in the absence of any indication to the contrary, **_the
parties intended the whole of their relationship to be governed by the same
system of law._** It is common for parties to make an express choice of law to
govern their contract, but unusual for them to make an express choice of the
law to govern any arbitration agreement contained within it; and where they
have not done so, the **_natural inference_** is that they intended the proper
law chosen to govern the substantive contract also to govern the agreement to
arbitrate. [emphasis added]

13 Notwithstanding so, this court takes the view that it cannot always be
assumed that commercial parties want the same system of law to govern their
relationship of performing the substantive obligations under the contract, and
the quite separate (and often unhappy) relationship of resolving disputes when
problems arise. In fact, the more commercially sensible viewpoint would be
that the latter relationship often only comes into play when the former
relationship has already broken down irretrievably. There can therefore be no
natural inference that commercial parties would want the same system of law to
govern these two distinct relationships. The natural inference would instead
be to the contrary. When commercial relationships break down and parties
descend into the realm of dispute resolution, parties’ _desire for neutrality_
comes to the fore; the law governing the performance of substantive
contractual obligations prior to the breakdown of the relationship takes a
backseat at this moment (it would take the main role subsequently when the
time comes to determine the merits of the dispute), and primacy is accorded to
the neutral law selected by parties to govern the proceedings of dispute
resolution. In this regard, I find more guidance from the House of Lords’
decision in _Premium Nafta Products Limited and others v Fili Shipping Company
Limited and others_ [2007] UKHL 40 that the construction of an arbitration
agreement should start from the assumption that parties to a contract who have
entered into an arbitration agreement intend that any dispute arising out of
their relationship should be decided in accordance with the dispute resolution
procedure chosen by parties.

14 In the province of international arbitration, the arbitral seat is the
juridical centre of gravity which gives life and effect to an arbitration
agreement, without which the seed of an agreement would not grow into a full-
fledged arbitration resulting in the fruit of an enforceable award. As
emphasized in a decision prior to _SulAmérica_ , and without descending the
analysis here from stage 2 to stage 3 of the general methodology, the English
Court of Appeal in _C v D_ [2007] EWCA Civ 1282 held that it would be “ _rare_
” for the proper law to be different from the law of the seat, the reason
being that an arbitration agreement has a closer and more real connection with
the place where the parties have chosen to arbitrate rather than with the
place of the law of the main contract. The significance of the seat is
recognized by more than 140 countries; Art V(1)(a) of the New York Convention
renders an arbitration award unenforceable if the arbitration agreement is not
valid under the law of the country where the award was made in the absence of
a selected proper law (see also Art 36(1)(a)(i) of the Model Law, where the
seat subscribes to the Model Law). In addition, an award may be set aside if
the arbitration agreement is invalid under the law of the seat pursuant to Art
34(2)(a)(i) of the Model Law. Given that rational businessmen _must_ commonly
intend the awards to be binding and enforceable (putting aside the subjective
ex _post facto_ views of the losing party), their attention with regard to the
validity of their arbitration agreements would _primarily_ be focused on the
law of the seat (as, in this context, opposed to the substantive law). Seen
from this light, the very choice of an arbitral seat presupposes parties’
intention to have the law of that seat recognise and enforce the arbitration
agreement. This must necessarily be so because parties would not intend to
have an arbitration agreement be valid under other laws, including the chosen
substantive law, only for if to be declared invalid under the law of the seat,
for that would run a serious risk of creating an unenforceable award. In other
words, parties would not have intended a specific place to be the arbitral
seat if there is a serious risk that the law of the seat would invalidate the
agreement, or if they had not intended the laws of that seat to give life to
the agreement in the first place. I should add here parenthetically that the
choice of a seat may very well be implied in the circumstances. Until and
unless a delocalised arbitration is internationally recognised, there will
necessarily be a seat, expressly or impliedly chosen; and the determination of
this choice would in turn require a nuanced exercise in construction (see for
example, the case of _Braes of Doune Wind Farm v Alfred McAlpine_ [2008] EWHC
426 (TCC) where parties expressly stated that the seat of the arbitration
shall be in Glasgow, Scotland, but the court determined that parties had
intended England to be the seat instead, based on, _inter alia_ , the express
reference to arbitration under the English Arbitration Act 1996 and the fact
that the proper law of the arbitration agreement was English law; and the case
of _Naviera Amazonia Peruma SA v Compania International de Seguros de Peru_
[1988] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 116 where the seat of an arbitration located in Peru but
subject to the _lex arbitri_ of England was determined to be in England).

15 In addition, parties’ selection of the neutral seat would invariably come
with the implicit acceptance of the _lex arbitri_ of that chosen seat to
govern their arbitration. This also means that parties have implicitly
selected the _lex arbitri_ of the seat to govern matters including the
supervisory court’s powers to determine a jurisdictional dispute in relation
to the validity of an arbitration agreement (see, for example, Art 16(3) of
the Model Law where the seat subscribes to the Model Law). It is therefore
entirely conceivable that parties would demand to have this same system of law
to govern the validity of the arbitration agreement to ensure _consistency_
between the _law and the procedure_ of determining the validity of the
arbitration agreement. This is reinforced by the fact that commercial parties
would not, in my view, select a place to be the seat if they do not at least
have the notional confidence that the supervisory court would recognise and
give effect to the arbitration agreement in the first place.

16 In the absence of indications to the contrary, the reasons above would
ordinarily compel the law to find that parties have impliedly chosen the law
of the seat as the proper law to govern the arbitration agreement, in a direct
competition between the chosen substantive law and the law of the chosen seat
of arbitration. All things being equal, the mere fact of an express
substantive law in the main contract would not in and of itself be sufficient
to displace parties’ intention to have the law of the seat be the proper law
of the arbitration agreement. Nevertheless, I must caution that the
determination of the implied proper law ultimately remains a question of
construction; each case will have to turn on its own facts. I will at this
juncture direct my attention to the facts of the present case.

17 The parties’ intention to arbitrate is clear in the present case given that
they have deliberately agreed to refer all their disputes to a specific
international arbitration institution. In the face of defects afflicting
arbitration clauses, the law should give the fullest effect to this clear
intention such that an interpretation which confers validity to the
arbitration agreement should be preferred to other interpretations which would
invalidate the agreement (see _Insigma_ at [31] and _Fouchard Gaillard Goldman
on International Commercial Arbitration_ (Kluwer Law International, 1999)
(Emmanuel Gaillard & John Savage eds) (“ _Fouchard_ ”) at p 258). The specific
reference of disputes to the SCC in the present case, in the absence of any
express clause prescribing a different place in which the arbitration
proceedings will be conducted, evinces an objective intention to elect the
_lex arbitri_ of Sweden as the curial law applicable to the arbitration,
because section 46 of the Swedish Arbitration Act (1999) (“the Act”) states
that the Act shall apply to arbitral proceedings which take place in Sweden
notwithstanding that the dispute has an international connection. In the
absence of factors pointing to the contrary, it follows naturally that parties
have selected Sweden as the seat of arbitration. Applying the analysis above
at [13] – [16], parties have impliedly selected the law of Sweden as the
proper law applicable to the arbitration agreement, unless the plaintiff can
prove otherwise. This is reinforced to some extent by the position in the _lex
arbitri_ of Sweden, where section 48 of the Act provides that in the absence
of parties’ agreement on a proper law, an arbitration agreement shall be
governed by the law of the country in which the proceedings shall take place;
and this would, in the absence of any express clause to the contrary, be in
the Sweden where the SCC. In addition, there are no contrary indications in
the main contract to show that parties intend to have some law other than the
law of Sweden govern the arbitration agreement. Indeed, the choice of the
substantive law here, unusual as it may be, reinforces parties’ intention to
have the law of Sweden govern the arbitration agreement. Having determined
parties’ implied choice of the proper law, it would not be necessary to
proceed to the third stage of the inquiry to determine which law has the
closest and most real connection with the agreement. It was not submitted that
the arbitration agreement is invalid under the laws of Sweden. In the
circumstances, the plaintiff has failed to show that the arbitration agreement
is invalid.

Whether an international arbitration agreement governed by the rules of an
international arbitral institution instead of a national law can be enforced

18 In any event, taking the plaintiff’s case at its best; assuming _arguendo_
if the arbitration agreement is governed by the “laws” of the SCC as opposed
to any national law, this does not necessarily demand a conclusion that the
agreement is invalid and consequently unenforceable for the purposes of a stay
application. While there should be no excuse for poor drafting, it would be
safe to assume that not all commercial men and women (or lawyers for that
matter) are avid students of jurisprudence with an acute philosophical
understanding of what “law” is. It follows that, in so far as parties’
intentions are to be given effect to, the reference to “law” need not
necessarily be read as “law” in the conventional Hartian, Dworkinian or Razian
sense. At least in the realm of international arbitration, it is not entirely
inconceivable that a dispute over the validity of an arbitration agreement may
be resolved by _rules of law_ as opposed to national laws. Article 28(1) of
the Model Law, which has the force of law in Singapore, allows an arbitral
tribunal to determine a dispute in accordance with such _rules of law_ chosen
by parties as applicable to the substance of the dispute. There is commentary
that this may be interpreted to allow for the application of _non-national_
rules of law (_Gary Born_ at p 2661), such as _lex mercatoria_ or
transnational principles of commercial law found, for example, in the UNIDRIOT
principles of international commercial contracts 2010. If the rules of law
chosen by parties can be applied to determine the substance of the dispute, it
is questionable why the position should be different for the determination of
the validity of an arbitration agreement. Indeed, this is reminiscent of the
case of _Municipalité de Khoms El Mergeb v Société Dalico_ (Judgment of 20
December, 1994 Rev. arb. 166 (French Cour de Cassation civ. 13)) (“ _Dalico_
”) where the French Cour de Cassation famously pronounced that the validity of
an international arbitration agreement can be determined by the direct
determination of parties’ common intention without reference to any national
laws:

by virtue of a substantive rule of international arbitration, the arbitration
agreement is legally independent of the main contract containing or referring
to it, and the existence and effectiveness of the arbitration agreement are to
be assessed, subject to the mandatory rules of French law and international
public policy, on the basis of the parties’ common intention, there being no
need to refer to any national law.

19 There are serious questions to be asked about the viability of such a
position. Such a principle surely cannot escape from the fact that this
remains ultimately an application of _French private international law_ ,
which in and of itself provides no normative impetus for other countries to
adopt. There is in addition the very real “ _fori_ bias”. The direct
determination of “parties’ common intention” would necessarily be made by a
court of law, and it may artificial to think that such an exercise can be
fully shielded from the fori’s legal conceptions of contractual validity. The
less compelling criticisms assert that there surely _must be a law_ to
determine if an arbitration agreement is void for lack of capacity or lack of
consent (Pierre Mayer, _L'autonomie de l'arbitre international dans
l'appréciation de sa propre compétence_ , in collected courses of the Hague
Academy of International Law, Vol 217, Year 1989, Part V; B. Oppetit, note
following CA Paris, Dec. 13, 1975, _Menicucci v. Mahieux_ , 104 J.D.I. 106
(1977); referred to in _Fouchard_ at para 438). Yet the true difficulty is not
that _no law exists_ in which to answer these questions – there exists such a
law – this would, according to _Dalico_ , be the body of substantive
international law on the formation of international arbitration agreements;
the real issue here is that there is as yet no recognised body of
international substantive rules **_which can provide the certainty_** the
commercial world requires to determine the validity of an international
arbitration agreement (_Gary Born_ at p 554). This however does not mean that
such a recognised body of international substantive rules applicable to
international arbitration agreement will _never_ be formed. For a start, there
is much to be said of the fact that countries of different legal traditions
have agreed upon a _common_ international standard of determining the
substantive validity of international arbitration agreements as not being
“null and void, inoperable or incapable of being performed” under Art II(3) of
the New York Convention, which may be considered a self-executing provision
which prescribes _substantive rules of international law_ applicable to the
formation and validity of international arbitration agreement. (_Gary Born_ at
p 550). In this regard, a court seized of an application to enforce an
international arbitration agreement should, when determining its validity,
defer parochial notions to internationally harmonious and uniform conceptions
of validity, so as to give effect to the _internationalized_ form of dispute
resolution process selected by parties. The US court of appeals said as much
in _Ledee v Ceramiche Ragno_ , 684 F.2d 184 (1st Cir. 1982), that Art II(3)
must be interpreted to encompass only contractual notions of validity which
can be “applied neutrally on an international scale … such as fraud, mistake,
duress and waiver”; and in _Rohne Mediterranee v Lauro_ , 712 F. 2d 50 (3d
Cir. 1983):

[under Art II(3) of the New York Convention], an agreement to arbitrate is
“null and void” only (1) when it is subject to an internationally recognised
defense such as duress, mistake, fraud or waiver, (2) when it contravenes
fundamental policies of the forum state. The “null and void” language must be
read narrowly, for the signatory nations have jointly declared general policy
of enforceability of agreements to arbitrate. …

…signatory nations have effectively declared a joint policy that presumes the
enforceability of agreements to arbitrate. Neither the parochial interests of
the forum state, nor those of states having more significant relationships
with the dispute, should be permitted to supersede that presumption. The
policy of the Convention is best served by an approach which leads to
upholding agreements to arbitrate. The rule of one state as to the required
number of arbitrators does not implicate the fundamental concerns of either
the international system of [judicial enforcement] forum, and hence the
agreement is not void.

20 In so far as an international arbitration agreement may _in theory_ be
governed by a substantive body of international law instead of a national law,
and to the extent where the rules and principles of an international arbitral
institution reflect the legal principles and best practices found in this body
of international law, a good argument can be made that there should be no
conceptual limit on parties’ autonomy in the present case to decide that the
validity of their arbitration agreement should be determined by a clear system
of rules and body of principles of the SCC. It may be beneficial in this
regard to have a brief consideration of the SCC’s rules and cases (for a
fuller discourse, see David Ramsjö and Siri Strömberg, _Manifest Lack of
Jurisdiction? A selection of decisions of the Arbitration Institute of the
Stockholm Chamber of Commerce concerning the_ prima facie _existence of an
arbitration agreement_ ; and Annette Magnusson and Hanna Larsson, _Recent
practice of the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce_ ,
prima facie _decisions on jurisdiction and challenges of arbitrators_). Art
9(i) of the SCC rules gives the SCC Board the power to decide whether the SCC
manifestly lacks jurisdiction over the dispute; and Art 10 gives the SCC Board
the power to dismiss a case, in whole or in part if the SCC manifestly lacks
jurisdiction over the dispute. The cases suggest that the jurisdictional
disputes would be decided in an objective manner, and certainly shows that
contrary to what many believe about arbitral institutions, they need not
necessarily be too zealous about finding itself to have the requisite
jurisdiction. This is despite commentary that the SCC Board’s decisions reveal
a “pro-arbitration” approach (Felipe Mutis Tellez, Prima Facie _decisions on
jurisdiction of the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of
Commerce: Towards consolidation of a “pro-arbitration” approach_). For
example, in the case of SCC Arbitration V (002/005), the respondent to an
agreement which prescribes that the dispute be decided “without recourse to
the ordinary courts by a court of arbitration in Stockholm consisting of three
arbitrators to be appointed” objected to the SCC’s jurisdiction on the basis
that there was no express reference to the SCC Rules. The SCC Board decided
that the SCC manifestly lacks jurisdiction over the dispute despite the fact
that the arbitration agreement expressly conferred upon the “Chamber of
Commerce in Stockholm” the power to appoint arbitrators. Likewise, In
Arbitration case F 086/2010, the SCC Board found that it manifestly lacks
jurisdiction over the dispute even though the agreement refers disputes to a
“Court of Arbitration in Stockholm” and expressed that Swedish law will apply
to the arbitration proceedings. On the other hand, seemingly parochial notions
of validity are rejected by the SCC Board, consistent with international norms
of contractual validity. This is seen in the case of SCC Arbitration V
(010/2005), where the Austrian claimant commenced arbitration proceedings
against the Egyptian respondent over the alleged mis-delivery of construction
equipment. The respondent contended that the Egyptian courts would consider an
agreement to arbitrate in Sweden a dispute such as this to be null and void,
but the SCC decided that it was not evident that the SCC lacks jurisdiction
over the dispute.

21 Notwithstanding the above, the SCC itself (and not this court) would be
best placed to decide if it does indeed have a consistent and clear body of
rules and principles to determine the validity of an international arbitration
agreement. In view that it has already been decided above that the proper law
of the arbitration agreement is the law of Sweden, there is no need to
determine the question of whether an arbitration agreement governed by the
“laws” of the SCC can be enforced, suffice to say that there does appear to be
a clear system of rules and consistent application of principles of the SCC
which would guide arbitrants in determining the validity of an arbitration
agreement, and which may persuade a court to find that, _at least on the prima
facie threshold_ , such an arbitration agreement would be valid, but only for
the specific purpose of staying court proceedings, which does not preclude a
full jurisdictional challenge before the arbitral tribunal, or a complete
review of the question by the enforcement court.

Other arguments made by the plaintiff

22 The plaintiff made several other arguments in its attempt to prevent a stay
of court proceedings. It should be emphasized at the outset that these
arguments could arguably be dismissed _in liminie_ given that the plaintiff
failed to show how, and to assert that, any of the following arguments would
invalidate the arbitration agreement under the laws of Sweden.

23 First, the plaintiff tried to find fault with a separate clause titled
“Arbitration” in the main contract (clause 15.1) which provides for
arbitration with the “Stockholm International Arbitration Centre”, and asserts
that this clause is defective as there is no such institution. This is
irrelevant as the defendant is not seeking to rely on this clause, which is
only applicable where the total claim sought is less than US$10,000. The
plaintiff then draws this court’s attention to another clause (clause 15.3)
which states that all claims between the parties must be resolved using the
dispute resolution mechanism selected in accordance with “this Section” by the
party first to assert a claim, either through a court filing or commencement
of arbitration. Given that there are only two parts in this “Section”, being
clause 15.1 and the arbitration agreement in question (clause 15.2), the
reference to “a court filing” must necessarily refer to the arbitration
agreement in question. This is reinforced by the header of the arbitration
agreement in question which is erroneously titled as “Court”, and the
statement in the arbitration agreement that parties agree not to “bring the
disputes to any other court jurisdictions, except as agreed here to the
Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce”. This essentially
means that the only form of dispute resolution contemplated by the parties is
by way of international arbitration. Where the claim is less than US$10,000,
clause 15.1 applies. The arbitration agreement in question is applicable for
claims of a higher amount, which is the situation in the present case.

24 The plaintiff further argued that the dispute falls outside the scope of
the arbitration agreement. After hearing submissions at the first hearing,
this court was initially minded to agree with the plaintiff and this was
communicated to both parties in a subsequent hearing. Despite the fact that
this position was against the defendant, and already in the plaintiff’s
favour, _the plaintiff_ applied to make further arguments to argue, _inter
alia_ , that the dispute does not fall within the scope of the arbitration
agreement, after parties were asked to consider if they wished to make further
arguments (see plaintiff’s written submissions dated 12 May 2014 at [3(d)] and
[35] – [45], and notes of evidence for hearing on 14 May 2014). It should be
emphasized that both parties _accepted_ that further arguments could be heard.
On hearing further arguments as applied by the plaintiff, it became evident
that the plaintiff’s case cannot be accepted. The plaintiff contends that the
dispute falls outside the arbitration agreement in view that the main contract
is not applicable, as the plaintiff had not in fact agreed to use the first
defendant’s user online payment services. This argument is disingenuous
because to agree with the plaintiff would be in effect to wholly determine the
merits of the dispute which the plaintiff seeks to resolve with its action in
the first place. The question of whether the registration to use the first
defendant’s online services was meant for investment purposes is the very
central question which relates to the merits of the dispute to be determined
by the arbitral tribunal. What is significant to this court is that it is not
disputed that the plaintiff had registered itself as a user of the first
defendant’s online payment services, and by doing so, made a deliberate act to
formally accept the terms of the main contract. There is also no explanation
as to why the alleged “proof of funds” for the purposes of an alleged
investment must be done by registering itself as a user of the first
defendant’s online payment services and also by way of a deposit with the
first defendant’s payment system, when this could have been easily done via
other simpler means; nor was there any explanation given by the plaintiff to
explain why such a huge sum of monies needs to be deposited in the first
defendant’s account merely for “due diligence” purposes. In addition, there
are indications that the plaintiff did sign on to use the first defendant’s
online services, such as the multiple withdrawals from the online account, and
the fact that the plaintiff inserted a special remark on the online
registration page that for any transaction above $5,000, or if there are more
than three transactions a day, the user should contact the managing director
of the plaintiff, Ling Yew Kong. This court is, in this regard, guided by the
decision of _Tjong Very Sumito and other v Antig Investments Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4
SLR(R) 732 where the Court of Appeal held that it is only in the clearest of
cases where the dispute did not fall within the arbitration agreement that the
court would not have jurisdiction to grant a stay, and if it was at least
arguable that the matter is the subject of the arbitration agreement, then a
stay of proceedings should be ordered. In view of the above factors, there is
a substantial dispute over the question of whether the plaintiff had
registered itself as a user of the first defendant’s online payment services
for investment purposes, and it consequently cannot be said that the dispute
clearly falls outside of the arbitration agreement.

25 Last, the plaintiff sought to adduce evidence of a competing version of a
main contract which does not have an arbitration agreement. This appears to be
quite a convenient argument given that the only apparent differences between
the two contracts are the dispute resolution clauses. The plaintiff asserts
that the defendant, who has “a propensity to adopt falsehoods whenever it
suits them”, has “altered” the terms of the main contract “as an afterthought
to support its application to stay these proceedings” (see affidavit of Ling
Yew Kong dated 18 November 2013 at [16]). Given that the plaintiff is
essentially claiming that the defendant has committed perjury and produced a
forged document, it has to do better than to make a bare assertion that it had
entered into a competing version of the contract without an arbitration
agreement (see affidavit of Ling Yew Kong dated 18 November 2013 at [15]).
This appears to be a question which would be properly resolved via the
necessary examination of witnesses instead of mere affidavits, and the
plaintiff may bring this challenge before the arbitral tribunal if it wishes
to do so.

Conclusion

26 In the circumstances, the plaintiff’s action against the first defendant is
stayed in favour of arbitration at the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm
Chamber of Commerce. I will hear parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jun 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

