Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Macly Assets Pte Ltd _v_ Loke Yew Kong Andrew and another  
[2014] SGHC 145

Case Number| :| Suit No 439 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 July 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N Kanagavijayan (M/s Kana & Co) for the plaintiff;
Mahmood Gaznavi and Leow Zi Xiang (M/s Mahmood Gaznavi & Partners) for the
defendants.  
Parties| :|  Macly Assets Pte Ltd — Loke Yew Kong Andrew and another  
  
15 July 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J :

1 The plaintiff is the developer of the condominium known as Thomson V Two
(“the Development”). The defendants are the subsidiary proprietors of one of
the residential units in the Development, _viz_ #04-19 (“Unit”), having
purchased it from the plaintiff by way of a sale and purchase agreement dated
8 May 2007 (“the Agreement”). The plaintiff’s claim against the defendants is
in damages for the breach of cl 10.2 of the Agreement. The issue in this trial
is whether the defendants are in breach of this provision and, if so, what is
the extent of damages that the plaintiff is entitled to recover.

Background

2 The Development comprises 74 residential units and 48 commercial units.
After the temporary occupation permit (“TOP”) was granted on 15 May 2012, the
plaintiff issued a notice of vacant possession to the defendants on 2 July
2012. Shortly thereafter the first defendant handed to the management office a
form entitled “Application Form for Additions & Alteration Works”. Sometime
after this, he returned to the office to collect the renovation permit. What
transpired during the collection is disputed and I shall deal with this below.
In the event, the first defendant was issued a renovation permit and he
proceeded to carry out renovation works in the Unit. These works included the
construction of two timber decks (“the Timber Decks”) with a total area of
about 14 square metres. The Timber Decks were completed by August 2012.

3 In the course of the renovation works, the first defendant complained to the
plaintiff’s representatives about certain defects in the Unit. The first
defendant’s complaints found their way to the Building and Construction
Authority (“BCA”) and on 14 January 2013, the BCA sent two of its officers, Mr
Cheong Yee Chek and Mr Wu Zhen Hong (“the BCA officers”) to inspect the
defects. In the course of that inspection, the BCA officers noticed the Timber
Decks. They pointed out to the first defendant that the Timber Decks might not
be in compliance with statutory requirements and, with the first defendant’s
permission, took photographs for further investigation.

4 On 15 March 2013, the plaintiff’s solicitors sent a letter to the defendants
stating that the certificate of statutory completion (“CSC”) for the
Development was held up due to the Timber Decks. The letter gave notice under
cl 15.3 of the Agreement to the defendant to take such measures as are
necessary within 30 days to enable the plaintiff to obtain the CSC. On 10
April 2013, the first defendant attended a meeting at BCA in an attempt to
resolve the matter to the satisfaction of all parties. The following people
were also present: the BCA officers who inspected the defendants’ unit, and
the plaintiff’s representatives, Mr Nelson Koh and Mr Ronny Chin. However, the
efforts came to nought. On 18 April 2013, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to
the defendants stating that the 30-day period had lapsed. The letter pointed
out that the defendants’ failure to rectify the matter had caused the
plaintiff to suffer and continue to suffer losses arising from the delay in
the issuance of the CSC. The letter also highlighted that, under cl 15.4 of
the Agreement, the plaintiff had the right to enter the Unit to make such
necessary alterations and additions to the Unit as required by BCA and recover
the cost from the defendants, and inquired if the defendants were prepared to
cooperate in this regard. Meanwhile, on 3 May 2013, the architect certified
that, save for the Timber Decks in the Unit, the Development was ready for the
issuance of the CSC.

5 There followed a series of communications between the parties by way of
letters, emails and orally. On 14 May 2013, the plaintiff filed the writ in
this action and applied for a mandatory injunction to remove the Timber Decks.
Then on 28 May 2013, the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) wrote to the
defendants stating that it was prepared to permit the Timber Decks to be
retained upon payment of development charge, subject to certain conditions.
However, on 30 May 2013, BCA issued a demolition order requiring the
defendants to remove the Timber Decks by 30 June 2013. There was further toing
and froing between the defendants and the agencies. On 5 July 2013, BCA issued
a revised demolition order extending the deadline to 7 August 2013. Finally,
sometime in September 2013, the defendants carried out some works to the
Timber Decks, the outcome of which satisfied the BCA that they complied with
the relevant regulations and the demolition order was withdrawn on 23
September 2013.

6 Unfortunately, the matter did not end there. In the course of making his
case to BCA, the first defendant had pointed out to BCA that there were
similar timber decks in other units in the Development. On 10 October 2013,
BCA issued demolition orders in respect of units #04-24, #04-25 and #04-42.
After representations from the owners of those units, BCA was persuaded that,
on a proper method of computation, their timber decks were not in breach of
the relevant regulations. In the event, the demolition orders were withdrawn
and the plaintiff obtained the CSC for the Development on 13 November 2013.

The Issues

7 The plaintiff’s position is that cl 10.2 of the Agreement was breached by
the defendants. That clause provides as follows:

10.2 Where the Certificate of Statutory Completion has not been issued for the
Unit, the Purchaser shall not, without the prior written consent of the
Vendor, carry out or cause to be carried out any alterations or additions to
the Unit which result in the Unit not having been constructed according to the
plans and specifications approved by the Commissioner of Building Control.

8 The plaintiff’s case is that the defendants carried out alterations or
additions in the form of the Timber Decks without its prior written consent.
This constituted a breach of cl 10.2. The construction of the Timber Decks had
caused the delay in the issuance of the CSC. The plaintiff claimed that the
CSC would have been issued on 15 March 2013 if not for the Timber Decks.
However, this date is incorrect as the architect had only certified on 3 May
2013 that the Development would have been ready for the grant of the CSC if
not for the Timber Decks (see [4] above).

9 The plaintiff sought an indemnity from the defendants against all losses,
expenses and damages incurred as a result of the delay in the issuance of the
CSC from 15 March 2013 until the date it was issued, that is, 13 November
2013. This was principally the loss arising from the delay in obtaining the
release of the final payment of $5,047,364 upon the grant of the CSC.

10 The plaintiff also prayed, in the alternative, for damages to be assessed.
However, there was no order for bifurcation. At the commencement of the trial
the plaintiff’s counsel applied for bifurcation which the defendants’ counsel
objected to. As there was no reason for the late application, I declined to
grant that order. The plaintiff did not adduce any evidence of other damages
and therefore the plaintiff’s claim to damages is limited to the loss of use
of the final payment of $5,047,364 for the period 3 May 2013 to 13 November
2013, or a shorter period, should liability be found against the defendants.

11 The defendants raised the following defences:

(a) The plaintiff had granted written permission for the Timber Decks.

(b) The plaintiff was estopped from asserting that there was no written
permission.

(c) The plaintiff had waived cl 15.3.

(d) The delay was also caused by other units.

(e) The plaintiff had failed to mitigate damages.

(f) The damages claimed were too remote.

12 The defendants also counterclaimed for the costs of the works undertaken to
render the Timber Decks in compliance with BCA’s requirements in order to
procure the withdrawal of the demolition order.

The Evidence

13 The primary dispute of fact was whether the plaintiff had granted written
permission to the defendants for the construction of the Timber Decks in the
Unit. The document constituting the written consent under cl 10.2 of the
Agreement was titled “Renovation Permit” (“the RP”) gave the following
description of the works permitted to be carried out:

1\. Installation of cabinets

2\. Installation of ceiling fans, lightings, power point switches

3\. Installation of wall cabinet/cupboard/handrail for baby height/curtain

4\. Shifting of aircon unit at single bedroom

14 On the face of the RP, there was no permission to erect the Timber Decks.

15 The first defendant’s evidence on the circumstances under which the RP was
issued was as follows. He had been given to understand that a “renovation
permit” would be required in order to carry out renovation work in his Unit.
He inquired at the management office about the possibility of constructing
“loft floors” and was advised to submit an application annexing plans of the
works. Sometime in July 2012, he finalised his application and submitted it to
the management office. Under “Description of Works”, he stated as follows:

Loft floors above kitchen & half of living room and above single bedroom 2,
including stair access; Installation of ceiling fans, lightings, power point
switches; shifting of aircon unit of single bedroom higher; installation of
wall cabinet/cupboard; hand rails for baby height; curtain.

16 The first defendant also attached plans which showed the Timber Decks above
the kitchen and bedroom described as “loft floors” in the application.

17 A few days later, the first defendant was informed that the application had
been approved and was asked to collect it from the management office. When he
went there, he was attended to by one Christian Concepcion (“Chris”). It was
not disputed that Chris was an employee of the managing agent and that he was
an agent of the plaintiff in relation to the issuance of the RP. Chris told
the first defendant to amend the word “loft floors” in the application form to
“storage area”. He said that such “storage areas” could not be “officially”
considered as additional gross floor area (“GFA”) for the Unit and the first
defendant was not to make reference to them as additional GFA should he sell
the Unit. The first defendant said that he did not think much about it and
thought that this was industry practice. He amended the application form
accordingly. After this, Chris handed the RP to the first defendant. The first
defendant said that at no time did Chris tell him that permission had not been
granted for the construction of the Timber Decks and he was led to believe
that permission had been granted for their construction.

18 The first defendant also gave evidence that after the construction of the
Timber Decks, various employees of the managing agent as well as one Nelson
Koh, representing the plaintiff, had gone to the Unit in relation to his
complaints about defects. They had all seen the Timber Decks and did not make
any objection to them.

19 There was evidence given by both sides on many other aspects of the matter,
but I find them to be of little relevance for determination of the issues in
this suit and I therefore do not set them out. I have nevertheless taken them
into account in my decision.

Decision

20 The circumstances surrounding the issue of the RP are important on the
question of whether there was written permission for the construction of the
Timber Decks. Unfortunately, there was no evidence from Chris, the other
witness to those events. Peripheral evidence of this was given by one of the
plaintiff’s witnesses, Andrew Lioe (“Mr Lioe”), who was a director of the
managing agent. Mr Lioe said that Chris had telephoned him to ask about the
loft floor in the defendants’ Unit. He told Chris that this was not allowed
except based on the advisory by BCA dated 17 November 2011, which was that it
should not exceed 5 square metres. However, Mr Lioe said that he was not aware
of what had transpired between Chris and the first defendant.

21 The evidence before me on this matter came essentially from the first
defendant. There was nothing inherently incredible about his narrative. It was
supported by the documents. The application form, which was retained by the
managing agent, showed a cancellation to the word “loft floors” and the
addition of the words “storage area” above them. The plans for the Timber
Decks were also attached which clearly showed the nature of the structures.
There was nothing in the manner in which the first defendant gave his evidence
that would indicate that he was not telling the truth. I therefore make the
finding of fact that the events surrounding the issue of the RP were as
described by the first defendant.

22 Next, I turn to the question of whether the RP constituted written consent
for the construction of the Timber Decks. The first defendant had included
plans of the Timber Decks in his application form and had written the words
“loft floors” in the description of the works. Chris, as agent of the
plaintiff, had instructed the first defendant only to change the words to
“storage area” and had explained that it cannot “officially” be considered as
additional GFA. Indeed, Chris had informed the first defendant that should he
sell the Unit, he should not include the area of the Timber Decks as part of
the GFA of the Unit. Chris had not at any point stated that the first
defendant’s application for permission to construct the Timber Decks was
rejected. Indeed the attached plans of the Timber Decks were retained as part
of the defendants’ application for the RP. The obligation to obtain the
written consent is contractual and there is no format under which such written
consent is given. In particular, there is no standard form of words to
describe the range of renovation that can take place and it is wise for the
managing agent to require applications to be accompanied by renovation plans
which can clearly set out the scope of the proposed renovation. In the present
case, the first defendant had submitted his application with plans for the
Timber Decks which clearly showed what they were. Notwithstanding that, there
is no specific mention of “loft floor” in the RP, it is a question of fact as
to whether written consent had been given to the defendants to construct the
Timber Decks. From the circumstances surrounding the issue of the RP, in
particular the acceptance of the plans for the Timber Decks, I find that the
plaintiff had given written consent within the meaning of cl 10.2 of the
Agreement for the construction of the Timber Decks.

23 Furthermore, even if the RP did not constitute written consent under cl
10.2 of the Agreement, the circumstances are such that the plaintiff is
estopped from asserting that there was no written consent. This is because
Chris, as agent of the plaintiff, had represented that the defendants had such
permission, the defendants had proceeded on this basis and constructed the
Timber Decks, and thereby changing their position to their detriment.

24 For the reasons given above, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim against the
defendants. Although this is sufficient to dispose of the plaintiff’s claim
against the defendants, for completeness, I make my findings on the other
defences set out by the defendants.

25 The defendants claimed that the plaintiff had waived cl 15.3 of the
Agreement. Clauses 15.3 and 15.4 provide as follows:

15.3 If the issue of a Certificate of Statutory Completion in respect of the
Unit is refused, withheld or delayed owing to any alteration or addition
carried out or caused to be carried out by the Purchaser without the Vendor’s
prior written consent, or some other act or omission by the Purchaser, the
Vendor may by notice in writing require the Purchaser to take such measures
within 30 days of that notice as are necessary to enable the Vendor to obtain
the Certificate of Statutory Completion.

15.4 If the Purchaser does not comply with the Vendor’s notice under clause
15.3, the Vendor and his workmen or agents have the right to enter the Unit to
make such necessary alterations and additions to the Unit as may be required
by the Commissioner of Building Control, and to recover from the Purchaser the
cost of the alterations and additions.

26 This provision sets out the rights of the plaintiff in the event that the
issuance of the CSC is delayed as a result of any subsidiary proprietor
carrying out any alteration or addition without prior written consent. The
plaintiff had written a letter to the defendants giving the 30-day notice of
intention to take such measures as are necessary to enable it to obtain the
CSC, including entry into the unit, and to recover the costs of so doing from
the defendants. These clauses set out the contractual right of the plaintiff
in such a situation and the liability of the subsidiary proprietor of an
offending unit. In the event, the plaintiff did not effect any such entry nor
carry out any work pursuant to cl 15.4 of the Agreement. The plaintiff also
did not claim for costs under cl 15.4. Therefore, there is no issue of any
waiver of cll 15.3 or 15.4.

27 The defendants claimed that the delay in the issuance of the CSC was also
caused by other units, specifically units #04-24, #04-25 and #04-42 in respect
of which BCA issued demolition orders on 10 October 2013. BCA eventually
withdrew these orders and the CSC was issued on 13 November 2013. The
defendants submitted that the proximate cause of the delay in the issuance of
the CSC was not the defendants’ Timber Decks but the demolition orders for the
three other units, as the demolition order for the Unit was withdrawn on 23
September 2013. I agree with the defendants. The CSC was not issued until 13
November 2013 on account of the demolition orders for the other three units.
The plaintiff submitted that it was because the first defendant had complained
to the BCA about the existence of similar lofts in the other units that had
caused BCA to investigate. I do not think that this is a sound argument in law
and on policy grounds. Nevertheless, even if I am wrong on this, by 23
September 2013, the Timber Decks was no longer the cause of any delay to the
issuance of the CSC and that must be the latest date of delay. On this basis,
the commencement of the delay would be 3 May 2013, when the architect wrote a
letter confirming that all items for CSC were completed except for
unauthorised works in unit #04-19. The period of the delay caused by the
Timber Decks would therefore be from 3 May 2013 to 23 September 2013.

28 The defendants claimed that the plaintiff had failed to mitigate damages. I
agree with this. Upon learning that BCA did not approve of the Timber Decks,
the plaintiff ought to have issued the 30-day notice under cl 15.3 of the
Agreement. Instead, on 14 May 2013, the plaintiff took out the writ in this
suit and applied for mandatory injunction. If the plaintiff had issued the
30-day notice instead, it would have been entitled to enter the Unit by 14
June 2013 and could well have completed the rectification by end June. Indeed,
the plaintiff was aware of the problem by January 2013. Although the plaintiff
cannot be faulted for trying to resolve the issue with BCA, if it had started
the process by mid-March 2013, allowing two months to attempt a resolution
with BCA, the Timber Decks could have been regularised by early May 2013,
which was about the time the Architect certified (on 3 May 2013) that the
Development was otherwise ready for issuance of CSC. In a situation where the
plaintiff claims for loss of use of funds arising from delay caused by the
defendants, it is equally incumbent on the plaintiff to take a more active
role in enforcing its contractual right to rectify the matter pursuant to cl
15.4 of the Agreement.

29 The defendants claimed that the damages are too remote. I do not agree with
this. The obligation is set out in cl 10.2 of the Agreement. The right of
entry is set out in cll 15.3 and 15.4 of the Agreement. It would reasonably
have been within the reasonable contemplation of parties to the Agreement that
any delay in the issuance of the CSC would result in the plaintiff being
deprived of the use of funds that would have been released upon grant of the
CSC and this would cause loss to the plaintiff.

Counterclaim

30 The defendants also counterclaimed for the costs of the works undertaken to
render the Timber Decks in compliance with BCA’s requirements in order to
procure the withdrawal of the demolition order. The defendants claimed that
they were not told that any of the Timber Decks were non-compliant with BCA’s
regulations. The defendants also claimed that the plaintiff’s agents were
aware of the Timber Decks while they were being constructed. The defendants
pleaded that they had relied on the plaintiff’s representations (without
specifying what these were) and had incurred expenses in constructing the
Timber Decks, for which they had to incur further expenses to bring them into
compliance with the BCA regulations.

31 I find no merit in the counterclaim and I would dismiss it. My reasons are
as follows. The onus was on the defendants to ensure that any renovation they
carry out would comply with the relevant regulations. Clause 10.2 of the
Agreement imposed the obligation on the defendants to obtain prior written
consent before carrying out any renovation that might be non-compliant with
the BCA’s requirements. As an aside, I note that this clause may be
interpreted as saying that a purchaser may carry out non-compliant renovation
to his unit if he obtains prior written consent. This is a rather absurd
interpretation and if this is a standard clause used by developers, they would
be well advised to revise it. The sensible interpretation of this clause is
that a purchaser is absolved of liability to the vendor if he obtains prior
written consent for any renovation even if it turns out to be non-compliant.
In my opinion, there is no duty on the part of the vendor to ensure that the
purchaser’s proposed renovation is compliant with BCA regulations or that of
any other authority. Approval of the application cannot and does not amount to
a representation that it is.

Costs

32 The claim and counterclaim are therefore dismissed. I will hear parties on
the issue of costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jul 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

