Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AXM _v_ AXO  
[2014] SGCA 13

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 34 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Engelin Teh SC and Linda Ong (Engelin Teh Practice LLC)
for the appellant; The respondent in person; Associate Professor Debbie Ong
(Faculty of Law, National University of Singapore) as Amicus Curiae.  
Parties| :|  AXM — AXO  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 3 SLR 731.]

17 February 2014|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This appeal was brought by the appellant wife (“the Wife”) against the
decision of the High Court in Registrar’s Appeal Subordinate Courts No 55 of
2012 (“RAS 55/2012”), dismissing the Wife’s appeal against the order of the
District Judge (“the DJ”) with regard to the ancillary matters in Divorce No
4306 of 2008. The appeal concerned the narrow question of whether and, if so,
when, a court may backdate the commencement of a maintenance order for a wife
made pursuant to s 113(_b_) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”) (popularly known as a “final maintenance order”) such that it
overlaps with the time during which an (earlier) maintenance order made
pursuant to s 113(_a_) of the Act (popularly known as an “interim maintenance
order”) was in force. We also considered the same question with respect to
maintenance orders for children made pursuant to s 127(1) of the Act.
Arguments were presented by counsel for the Wife, the respondent husband (“the
Husband”), who was in person, as well as the learned _amicus curiae_ , Assoc
Prof Debbie Ong (“Prof Ong”). At the end of the hearing, we were not persuaded
that the DJ had the power (_on the facts of the present case_) to
retrospectively reduce the amount payable by the Husband to the Wife under an
earlier interim maintenance order by way of backdating the final maintenance
order such that it effectively overrode the interim maintenance order during
the period of overlap between the two orders. However, for reasons which we
will elaborate upon below, we substituted the order made by the DJ pursuant to
ss 113(_b_) and 127(1) of the Act, with an order that Husband pay to the Wife
a monthly maintenance amount of A$4,500 for a period of 30 months from April
2012 to October 2014, and thereafter a monthly maintenance amount of A$5,500.
We also ordered that each party was to bear his and her own costs.

2 We now give the detailed grounds for our decision.

Facts

Background to the dispute

3 The Wife and the Husband are both Australian nationals. They were married in
Sydney, Australia, on 29 September 2001. The marriage of eight and a half
years bore three children, who were born in 2002, 2005, and 2007,
respectively. After the birth of the first child, the Wife stopped her work as
a marketing executive with Singapore Airlines and became a full-time
homemaker, save for some part-time work running an online shop. The Husband
worked as the managing director and, subsequently, the chief executive officer
of a Singapore-based human resource and recruitment company.

4 The family moved to Singapore in 2004 after the Husband found employment
here. After the breakdown of the marriage in 2007, the Wife and the three
children moved back to Australia, where they now reside. The Husband remained
in Singapore until late 2012, after which he returned to Australia. The
Husband now works and resides in Hong Kong.

5 On 5 September 2008, the Wife commenced divorce proceedings against the
Husband in Singapore on grounds of the Husband’s alleged adultery and
unreasonable behaviour. Interim judgment was granted on 10 March 2010. The
ancillary matters came up for hearing before the DJ on 9 February 2012. On 27
March 2012, the DJ made orders pertaining to custody and access, division of
matrimonial assets as well as maintenance for the Wife and the three children
(“the Final Maintenance Order”). Upon hearing parties’ further arguments, the
DJ then backdated the commencement of the Final Maintenance Order by ten
months. The DJ subsequently issued her written grounds of decision (see _AXM v
AXO_ [2012] SGDC 208 (“the DC GD”)). The Wife appealed to the High Court in
RAS 55/2012 against the DJ’s orders with respect to maintenance and the
division of matrimonial assets. Her appeal was heard by the High Court Judge
(“the Judge”) on 12 September 2012, and was dismissed on 3 October 2012. The
Judge subsequently dismissed the Wife’s application for leave to appeal to the
Court of Appeal against his dismissal of her appeal in RAS 55/2012, issuing
written grounds of decision in _AXM v AXO_ [2013] 3 SLR 731 (“the High Court
GD”). The Wife appealed to the Court of Appeal against the refusal of leave to
appeal. The Court of Appeal granted the Wife leave to appeal on the narrow
issue of whether the DJ erred on the law or on the facts in backdating the
Final Maintenance Order (see also above at [1]).

Background to the maintenance issue

6 Prior to the grant of interim judgment, the Wife obtained an order (on 6
August 2009) for the Husband to pay interim maintenance of A$9,315 per month
for herself and the children with effect from December 2008, payable on the
first day of every month (“the Interim Maintenance Order”). The Order also
required the Husband to pay arrears in maintenance from December 2008 until
the date of the Interim Maintenance Order, totalling A$57,397.

7 Thereafter a tortuous series of court proceedings pertaining to the Interim
Maintenance Order ensued. Between 2009 and 2011, the Husband appealed against
the Interim Maintenance Order and took out two applications for downward
variation of the quantum payable under that order. All of these proceedings
proved unsuccessful. The Husband also unsuccessfully appealed against the
dismissal of his first variation application. He was refused leave to appeal
out of time from the dismissal of the second variation application. Throughout
this time, the Husband did not comply fully with the Interim Maintenance
Order. He made only partial payments occasionally. The Wife therefore took out
three enforcement applications between December 2009 and June 2011, resulting
in two enforcement orders being made against the Husband in June 2010 and
December 2011, respectively. The Husband complied with the first enforcement
order but breached the second, and, as a result, was imprisoned for two weeks
beginning 6 March 2012.

8 The Interim Maintenance Order remained in force as at 9 February 2012, when
the ancillary matters came up for hearing before the DJ. On the issue of
maintenance, the DJ ordered the Husband to pay A$500 for the monthly
maintenance of the Wife and a total of A$5,000 for that of the three children,
bringing the total monthly maintenance to A$5,500. This Final Maintenance
Order commenced on 1 March 2012. After the delivery of the order, counsel for
the Husband wrote to the court requesting to make further arguments that the
commencement of the Final Maintenance Order should be backdated. The DJ heard
these further arguments on 10 April 2012. After hearing further arguments from
both the Husband and the Wife relating to the issue of backdating, the DJ
ordered that the Final Maintenance Order be backdated to commence on 1 May
2011, which was 10 months before the original date of commencement of the
Order (see the DC GD at [49]). The result of this was that the amount of
maintenance payable to the Wife between 1 May 2011 and 1 March 2012 was
reduced by a total of A$38,150 (being (A$9,315 - A$5,500) x 10). As the
Husband was in arrears under the Interim Maintenance Order, the effect of the
backdating was to relieve the Husband of having to pay A$38,150 in arrears.

9 The Wife then filed an appeal in the High Court against the DJ’s orders
relating to maintenance and the division of matrimonial assets. By the time
the substantive appeal reached us, the appeal was confined to the question of
whether the DJ erred in backdating the Final Maintenance Order such that it
resulted in the effective remittance of the arrears which were due under the
prior Interim Maintenance Order.

DJ’s decision on the maintenance order

10 In her grounds of decision, the DJ explained how she arrived at the quantum
of A$5,500 under the Final Maintenance Order. She stated that she was
satisfied that the objective evidence supported the Husband’s claim that he
earned S$9,666 per month (see the DC GD at [31]–[33]). She also attributed an
income of between A$800 and A$1,000 per month to the Wife based on the Wife’s
income-earning capacity from her previous online business (see the DC GD at
[37]). Further, she capped the Wife and children’s total monthly expenses at
A$6,977.

11 The DJ also explained why she granted the Husband’s request to backdate the
Final Maintenance Order. The main reason was that the delay in the hearing of
the final ancillaries prejudiced the Husband who continued to be liable for
the high level of interim maintenance during that time. The DJ attributed the
delays to various interlocutory applications instituted by the Wife between
October 2008 and February 2012 which included enforcement proceedings,
committal hearings, and discovery applications, as well as the Husband’s non-
production of certain documents pursuant to discovery orders. The DJ found
that there were two main periods of unwarranted delay: (a) a 10-month delay
from January 2011 to October 2011 between the filing of the parties’ second
and third ancillary matters affidavits; and (b) a 10-month delay between
November 2010 and September 2011 in the hearing of the Husband’s second
application for variation of the Interim Maintenance Order (see the DC GD at
[47]). The Husband’s application was filed on 22 November 2010, but was only
heard on 31 August 2011 after having been adjourned four times for the Wife to
produce certain supporting documents and to file further submissions. The DJ
was of the view that the parties should have pressed on with the ancillary
matters rather than wait for the resolution of the various interlocutory
matters. In the result, the DJ found it appropriate to backdate the
commencement of the Final Maintenance Order by what she calculated to be half
of the sum of the two 10-month periods of delay (see the DC GD at [49]).

The arguments

12 The Wife’s case in this appeal was that backdating the Final Maintenance
Order would be tantamount to overriding and nullifying the earlier Interim
Maintenance Order. She argued that the issue was _res judicata_. She also
contended that she and her children would be unfairly prejudiced if they were
deprived of maintenance arrears and further made to return the notional
“excess” amounts of maintenance which were owed pursuant to the Interim
Maintenance Order during its subsistence. The Husband was in person and did
not make substantive arguments before us. However, in his arguments and
further arguments before the DJ, the Husband cited a number cases (see the
Singapore District Court decision of _ZG v ZH_ [2008] SGDC 293 (“ _ZG v ZH_ ”)
as well as the Singapore High Court decisions of _AMW v AMZ_ [2011] 3 SLR 955
(“ _AMW v AMZ_ ”) and _AJE v AJF_ [2011] 3 SLR 1177 (“ _AJE v AJF_ ”)) in
which the backdating of maintenance orders, albeit on application of the
recipient wives rather than the paying husbands, had been considered. Relying
on _obiter dicta_ in _AJE v AJF_ at [27], the Husband argued that the
operative date of the maintenance order should take into account factors such
as whether a party had to sell his or her possessions and incur debts to make
up for the shortfall in maintenance. He claimed that not backdating the Final
Maintenance Order would be unjust to him as he had been forced to liquidate
his assets in order to fulfil the high amount due under the Interim
Maintenance Order. Before proceeding to set out the _amicus curiae_ ’ _s_
submissions, we pause to note – parenthetically – that the Judge appeared to
accept that such backdating was possible in principle (see the High Court GD
at [5] and [6]).

The _amicus curiae’s_ submissions

13 Prof Ong submitted that the court has the power to backdate orders made
under ss 113(_a_), 113(_b_) and 127(1) of the Act. She submitted that, as in
the instant case, the court has the power and discretion to backdate a final
maintenance order and to order a refund of sums paid or due under a prior and
higher interim maintenance order. The following points were made:

(a) Maintenance orders should be capable of being backdated because this
ensures, where appropriate, that any expenses which ought to have been covered
by the person responsible for maintenance of the wife and/or children are
covered for the period before the date of hearing. However, sufficiently good
reasons for backdating must be provided.

(b) Interim maintenance orders can be backdated to the date of the filing of
the writ of divorce, but not earlier, because this date marks the start of
matrimonial proceedings, and consequently, the start of the period for which
interim maintenance was designed to provide. An interim maintenance order is
provisional in nature, aiming to tide parties over the period prior to final
judgment.

(c) The court has the power to backdate a final maintenance order where there
is already a prior, higher or lower interim maintenance order, because: (1)
the court does not investigate the full facts at the interim stage; (2) only
the final maintenance order takes into account the financial resources of the
parties after division of matrimonial assets; and (3) backdating may be the
most practical way of achieving fairness in some cases. Where the final
maintenance order is lower than the interim maintenance order, backdating may
have the effect of setting off all or part of the arrears in interim
maintenance. This enables the slate to be wiped clean, but might also cause
the payee hardship if she had to take loans pending the hearing of ancillary
matters. Therefore the court should consider the following factors:

(i) whether the payee would be prejudiced, especially if she has relied on
payments already received and now has to return the excess monies;

(ii) the reason for the disparity in the final and interim sums. The court
should be more ready to backdate the final order if the reason for disparity
is a fuller investigation of facts, rather than a material change in
circumstances; and

(iii) whether it is fair and necessary to backdate a final maintenance order
where an interim maintenance order has already regulated the parties at a time
past.

14 However, Prof Ong did not submit (at least expressly) on whether, in the
present case, the court’s discretion was better exercised by backdating the
Final Maintenance Order.

Our decision

The nature of interim and final maintenance orders

15 The relevant provisions in the context of the present appeal are, in our
view, to be found at ss 113 and 118 of the Act. Section 113 of the Act (“s
113”) reads as follows:

**Power of court to order maintenance**

**113.** The court may order a man to pay maintenance to his wife or former
wife —

(_a_) during the course of any matrimonial proceedings; or

(_b_) when granting or subsequent to the grant of a judgment of divorce,
judicial separation or nullity of marriage.

16 As can be seen, the court’s power to order the payment of maintenance at
any point during or after the conclusion of matrimonial proceedings resides in
s 113. Section 113(_a_) of the Act (“s 113(_a_)”) empowers the court to make
an order for maintenance while matrimonial proceedings are on-going. Such an
order is commonly termed an “interim maintenance order”. In a sense, it is of
an “interim” nature in so far as it constitutes a sum of maintenance to tide
the wife over whilst the divorce and/or ancillary proceedings are in progress
(as Prof Ong has pertinently pointed out above at [13(b)]). Looked at in this
light, it is a very necessary as well as practical order.

17 On the other hand, s 113(_b_) of the Act (“s 113(_b_)”) refers to a
maintenance order granted in conjunction with the “granting or subsequent to
the grant of”, _inter alia_ , “a judgment of divorce”. This is what is
commonly termed a “final maintenance order”. Such an order for maintenance is,
in our view, one which is granted at the _conclusion_ of the entire divorce
proceedings proper (including both the divorce as well as the ancillary
proceedings). In a sense, it is “final” inasmuch as the amount of maintenance
for the wife is fixed – at least for the foreseeable future.

18 In this regard, we note that although the terms “interim maintenance order”
and “final maintenance order” have been utilised by our courts in practice (as
well as by the parties and the _amicus curiae_ in the present appeal and, as a
result, in this judgment), such nomenclature, in fact, appears nowhere in the
Act. The closest correlation, as explained above, is found in ss 113(_a_) and
113(_b_). The terms “interim maintenance” and “final maintenance” are simply
convenient shorthands for maintenance orders made pursuant to ss 113(_a_) and
113(_b_), respectively.

19 It is apposite at this point to address the Husband’s argument that the
Interim Maintenance Order made under s 113(_a_) was provisional. The power to
order maintenance for wives at different stages of matrimonial proceedings is
located in a single section within the Act. Orders made under ss 113(_a_) and
113(_b_) differ only in terms of _when_ the orders are sought and made, and
_not_ in the _nature_ of the orders themselves. In particular, a so-called
“interim” order made under s 113(_a_) is in no way inferior or subordinate to
a “final” order made under s 113(_b_). Both types of orders regulate, with
finality, the financial obligations of the parties to each other for the
duration of their operation. They are binding on the parties for as long as
they are not rescinded, terminated or varied.

20 In our view, an order made under s 113(_a_) is “interim” or “provisional”
only in the sense of its _duration_ and _time of operation_ ; in particular,
it only operates until such time the ancillary matters are concluded and
judgment for divorce has been made final. Such an order is also “interim” in
the sense that the amount stipulated thereunder does not bind the court at the
final ancillaries stage (see the Singapore High Court decision of _Lee Bee Kim
Jennifer v Lim Yew Khang Cecil_ [2005] SGHC 209 at [7]). However, the interim
maintenance order is in no way “interim” or “provisional” when it comes to
regulating the respective parties’ rights and obligations for the time being.
This was where the Husband, with respect, fell into error. His argument was
that since an interim maintenance order is only provisional, there was nothing
to stop the court from effectively overriding the effect of the Interim
Maintenance Order in the present case during the period of its operation by
way of backdating the subsequent Final Maintenance Order. We are unable to
accept this argument. It is clear in our view that once a so-called interim
maintenance order under s 113(_a_) has been granted, it is a final and binding
order of court as to the amount and form of maintenance payments during the
period pending the resolution of ancillary matters, and regulates the parties’
financial obligations with finality for that limited period. This so-called
interim maintenance order cannot (as explained below at [23]) be derogated
from, except in two limited instances which we will elaborate upon below at
[22]. It suffices at this juncture to note such an order can be set aside or
substituted upon an appeal, or specifically varied pursuant to s 118 of the
Act.

21 By backdating the Final Maintenance Order such that it commenced during a
period when a prior court order as to maintenance was in force, the DJ
therefore effectively created a situation where there were two different but
equally binding obligations operating on the Husband. In our view, the DJ,
with respect, therefore erred in backdating the Final Maintenance Order on the
facts of this case. In so finding, we are in no way suggesting that the court
does not have the discretion to backdate maintenance orders made pursuant to s
113 _under any circumstances_. The cases cited to us by the Husband (see above
at [12]) are examples of situations where backdating was legitimate and
appropriate, given that there was no prior interim maintenance order in
existence which stood to be overridden by a backdated final maintenance order.
On the present facts, however, the DJ’s backdating of the Final Maintenance
Order was erroneous.

Variation of orders made under s 113 of the Act

22 We pause to point out that, although an order made under s 113(_a_) is in
effect a final and binding order, this is not to say that it is immutable for
all time and in all circumstances. It is, of course, open to the parties to
appeal against a maintenance order and have it substituted should it be
demonstrated to be erroneous. Aside from an appeal, the Act also provides an
avenue for parties to apply for variation or rescission of an operative
maintenance order. This avenue is s 118 of the Act (“s 118”). Section 118
reads as follows:

**Power of court to vary orders for maintenance**

**118.** The court may **_at any time_** _vary or rescind_ _any_**
_subsisting_** _order_ for maintenance, whether secured or unsecured, on the
application of the person in whose favour or of the person against whom the
order was made, or, in respect of secured maintenance, of the legal personal
representatives of the latter, **_where it is satisfied that the order was
based on any misrepresentation or mistake of fact or where there has been any
material change in the circumstances_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

23 There is no other provision in the Act by which rescission or variation of
an order made under s 113 may be effected. As we pointed out in the course of
the oral submissions before this court, s 118 appears to be the only source of
jurisdiction and power for a court to, _inter alia_ , vary a maintenance order
made pursuant to s 113. Absent express statutory jurisdiction, we do not think
that the court could effect a similar variation under, say, its (alleged)
inherent jurisdiction. We pause to point out – parenthetically – that even the
boldest legal spirits would probably refrain from invoking the rubric of
inherent jurisdiction for this would open the doors to the possible
(illegitimate) arrogation of jurisdiction which could then be applied to every
(and any) situation the court feels it would like to intervene in. Whilst the
“floodgates argument” should not be too liberally entertained (indeed, if it
had been, we would not have had the law of negligence as we know it today
(which developed from the seminal House of Lords decision in _Donoghue v
Stevenson_ [1932] AC 562 (reference may also be made, in this regard, to
Geoffrey Lewis, _Lord Atkin_ (Butterworths, London, 1983; reprinted, Hart
Publishing, 1999) at pp 51–67; Matthew Chapman, _The Snail and the Ginger
Beer: The Singular Case of Donoghue v_ _Stevenson_ (Wildy, Simmonds & Hill
Publishing, 2009) and _The Juridical Review –_ _Donoghue v Stevenson: The
Paisley Papers_ (_Special Edition_) (W. Green, 2013)), this is nevertheless a
situation where it clearly ought to apply.

24 Section 118 was introduced into our legislation through s 108 of the
Women’s Charter (Amendment) Act 1980 (Act 26 of 1980). It is identical to s 83
of the Malaysian Law Reform (Marriage and Divorce) Act 1976 (Act 164 of 1976)
(“the Malaysian Act”). Section 83 of the Malaysian Act is, in turn, one of the
provisions introduced to “give the Court necessary powers incidental to making
orders for maintenance which are to be found in corresponding legislation in
England” (see the explanatory notes to the Law Reform (Marriage and Divorce
Bill) 1972 annexed to the _Report of the Royal Commission on Non-Muslim
Marriage and Divorce Laws_ (Kuala Lumpur, 1971) at p 57). The applicable
English legislation at the time of the Malaysian reforms was the Matrimonial
Causes Act 1965 (c 72) (UK) (“MCA 1965”) as amended by the Divorce Reform Act
1969 (c 55) (UK) and the Matrimonial Proceedings and Property Act 1970 (c 45)
(UK), as well as the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 (c 18) (UK) (“MCA 1973”)
which consolidated the aforementioned English statutes. There are no
provisions in these English statutes which are comparable to s 83 of the
Malaysian Act or s 118 of our Act. Variation of financial provision orders in
England is provided for under what was once s 31 of the MCA 1965 and what is
now s 31 of the MCA 1973. Both s 31 of the MCA 1965 and s 31 of the MCA 1973
(prior to its amendment by s 6 of the Matrimonial and Family Proceedings Act
1984 (c 42) (UK)) empowered the court to “vary or discharge the [financial
provision] order or to suspend any provision thereof temporarily and to revive
the operation of any provision so suspended”, and in doing so to “have regard
to _all the circumstances of the case_ , including any change in any of the
matters to which the court was required to have regard when making the order
to which the application relates…” [emphasis added]. It appears that the
Malaysian and Singapore Parliaments chose to enact a variation provision that
was more restrictive than the equivalent English provision. The relevant
variation provisions in the Malaysian and Singaporean legislation require the
court to be satisfied that the order from which variation or rescission is
sought was “based on _any misrepresentation or mistake of fact or where there
has been any material change in the circumstances_ ” [emphasis added]. The
burden of proving the existence of any of these three conditions lies with the
party seeking the variation or rescission (see the Malaysian High Court
decision of _YCC @ JCC v LSY_ [2006] 7 MLJ 137 at [28] and _ATS v ATT_ [2013]
SGHC 156 at [15]). Whilst s 47 of the Malaysian Act specifically provides that
all suits and proceedings brought under Pt VI (Divorce) of the Malaysian Act
should be treated based on principles which “in the opinion of the court are,
as nearly as may be, conformable to the principles on which the High Court of
Justice in England acts and gives relief in matrimonial proceedings”, there is
no such provision in our Act. Therefore, even if s 83 of the Malaysian Act
could possibly be read broadly such that a variation or rescission could be
granted based on “all the circumstances” despite not fulfilling any of the
three conditions (an approach which was suggested by a Malaysian court in the
Malaysian High Court decision of _Lina Soo v Ngu Chu Chiong & Anor_ [1999] 5
MLJ 396 (reversed by the Malaysian Court of Appeal in _Ngu Chu Chiong @ Ngu_
_Choo_ _Chiong v Lina Soo_ [2008] 3 MLJ 42 (but not, apparently, on this
particular point)); although _cf_ the (also) Malaysian High Court decision of
_Uma Sundari a/p Muthusamy v Kanniappan a/l Thiruvengadam_ [2009] 5 MLJ 853 at
[14]–[15]), there is, in the _Singapore_ context, no reason to read s 118 more
broadly than the clear words of that section import. It may also well be the
case that there might be no real difference (from a _practical_ perspective)
between the broad and narrow readings just referred to as the three conditions
set out in s 118 probably cover the vast majority of the potential situations
which may come before the court in any event.

25 There are a few other features of s 118 which we pause to explain. The
first is that there is nothing in the express language of s 118 or in
principle to restrict its application to either so-called final or interim
maintenance orders. Maintenance orders made pursuant to both ss 113(_a_) and
113(_b_) are capable of being varied under and only under s 118. In fact in
the present case the Husband twice applied unsuccessfully for variation of the
Interim Maintenance Order under s 118 (see above at [7]).

26 Second, since a maintenance order (whether made pursuant to ss 113(_a_) or
113(_b_)) can be varied or rescinded “at any time”, there is no reason in
language, principle, or logic why the variation of a maintenance order made
pursuant to either limb of s 113 could not be made to apply _retrospectively_.
Indeed, this has been the approach of the English and Malaysian courts, and we
respectfully agree. In, for example, the Malaysian Supreme Court decision of
_Gisela Gertrud Abe v Tan Wee Kiat_ [1986] 2 MLJ 297, the court affirmed the
lower court’s exercise of its power under s 83 of the Malaysian Act to vary a
maintenance order retrospectively (in _Gisela Gertrud Abe v Tan Wee Kiat_
[1986] 2 MLJ 58). The husband had become unemployed for seven months and had
fallen into arrears of maintenance for those months. He later deposited the
outstanding arrears with the wife’s solicitors. The trial judge treated his
retrenchment as a material change in circumstances which rendered it unjust
for him to continue paying the original maintenance sum. She thus
(retrospectively) rescinded the order for the seven months of his
unemployment, and reduced the maintenance sum for the period after he regained
employment. The Supreme Court affirmed the substantive effect of the trial
judge’s decision, but characterised the retrospective rescission as a
retrospective variation in the form of a suspension of the maintenance order
for the seven months of the husband’s unemployment (see at 298–299). The
arrears deposited with the wife’s solicitors were ordered to be refunded to
the husband (the Supreme Court, however, allowed the wife’s appeal with regard
to the quantum of maintenance ordered by the trial judge after the husband had
regained employment). The English decision of _MacDonald v MacDonald_ [1963] 3
WLR 350 (“ _MacDonald_ ”) adopted a similar approach. The English Court of
Appeal there clarified (at 353) that the High Court’s power under s 28(1) of
the Matrimonial Causes Act 1950 (c 25) (UK) (“MCA 1950”) to “discharge or
vary” orders made extended to backdating its reduced maintenance order even if
that resulted in maintenance which had already accrued being remitted or
written off. It might be noted – parenthetically – that s 28 of the MCA 1950
is the predecessor provision of s 31 of the MCA 1973. Section 31(2A) of the
MCA 1973 expressly provides that the court’s power under this section extends
to remission of any arrears due under orders which are subsequently varied.
Section 28 of the MCA 1950 did not have an equivalent provision, which is why
the court in _MacDonald_ had to read that power into s 28 of the MCA 1950.

27 Third – and unique to the Singapore and Malaysian legislation as well as of
crucial importance to the present facts – for an order to be capable of
variation, such an order must be a “subsisting” one.

28 Fourth, it should be noted that any decision by the court to vary or
rescind a subsisting maintenance order under s 118 is, of course, itself
subject to an appeal (depending on the court in which that order is made and
in accordance with the applicable rules and principles governing appeals from
decisions of that court (if any)).

29 In the present appeal, it might be thought that the DJ’s backdating of the
Final Maintenance Order could possibly be read as a retrospective downward
variation of the Interim Maintenance Order, utilising s 118. Having stated
that, however, we are of the view that s 118 could _not_ be utilised _on the
facts of this particular case_. To elaborate, once the DJ had made an order
pursuant to s 113(_b_), the previous order made pursuant to s 113(_a_) would,
in our view, _no longer be a “subsisting” order_ which is amenable to either
variation or rescission pursuant to s 118 (see also above at [27]). Put
simply, the Interim Maintenance Order would have been _replaced_ by the Final
Maintenance Order made pursuant to s 113(_b_) in the sense that the former
would have ceased thereafter to operate between the parties. _However_ , if
either party had applied to the DJ for a variation of the order made pursuant
to s 113(_a_) _prior to_ the DJ’s order for maintenance made pursuant to s
113(_b_), we see no reason in principle, language, or logic why the DJ could
not have either varied or rescinded the order she had made earlier pursuant to
s 113(_a_) by utilising s 118.

30 It may be asked whether the approach we have outlined in the preceding
paragraph, if it is correct, is an excessively technical one to take. More to
the point, has justice and fairness been sacrificed at the altar of legal
technicality? Even if it could be argued that there is a _lacuna_ in the law
of maintenance in s 118 itself, why should the courts not be permitted to fill
this gap by nevertheless being permitted to retrospectively vary an order for
maintenance made pursuant to s 113(_a_), _notwithstanding_ the fact that it
has now been _replaced_ by an order for maintenance made pursuant to s
113(_b_)? This is a powerful argument – if nothing else because the primary
purpose of any court is to achieve a substantively just and fair result.
However, as was pointed out in the Singapore High Court decision of _United
Overseas Bank Ltd v Ng Huat Foundations Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 425 (at
[5]–[9]):

5 However, the court must be extremely wary of falling into the flawed
approach to the effect that “the ends justify the means”. This ought never to
be the case. The obsession with achieving a substantively fair and just
outcome does not justify the utilisation of any and every means to achieve
that objective. There must be fairness in the _procedure or manner_ in which
the final outcome is achieved.

6 Indeed, if the procedure is unjust, that will itself taint the outcome.

7 On the other hand, a just and fair procedure does _not_ , in and of itself,
ensure a just outcome. In other words, procedural fairness is a necessary but
not sufficient condition for a fair and just result.

8 The quest for justice, therefore, entails a continuous need to balance the
procedural with the substantive. More than that, it is a continuous attempt to
ensure that both are _integrated_ , as far as that is humanly possible. Both
_interact_ with each other. One cannot survive without the other. There must,
therefore, be – as far as is possible – a fair and just procedure that leads
to a fair and just result. This is not merely abstract theorising. It is the
_very basis_ of what the courts do – and ought to do. When in doubt, the
courts would do well to keep these bedrock principles in mind. This is
especially significant because, in many ways, this is how, I believe,
laypersons perceive the administration of justice to be. The legitimacy of the
law in their eyes must never be compromised. On the contrary, it should, as
far as is possible, be enhanced.

9 It is true, however, that in the sphere of practical reality, there is often
a _tension_ between the need for procedural justice on the one hand and
substantive justice on the other. The task of the court is to attempt, as …
pointed out in the preceding paragraph, to _resolve_ this tension. There is a
_further_ task: it is to actually attempt, simultaneously, to _integrate_
these two conceptions of justice in order that justice in its fullest orb may
shine forth.

[emphasis in original]

Put simply, the courts equally cannot sacrifice legal principle in their quest
for a substantively just and fair result. Indeed, on the facts at hand in the
present appeal, we explain below (at [35]–[37]) how a substantively just and
fair result can be achieved in accordance with legal principle through an
adjustment of the final maintenance order.

31 For the avoidance of doubt, we are also of the view that s 118 did _not_
apply to the _Final_ Maintenance Order on the facts of this case. It was no
part of the parties’ cases that the _Final_ Maintenance Order was based on a
mistake of fact or misrepresentation. Neither was there any attempt to show
that there had been a material change in the circumstances between the making
of the Final Maintenance Order and the hearing before us. The burden of
meeting the conditions set out under s 118 must be satisfied by the party
seeking the variation or rescission. Neither party in this case sought to
satisfy the burden or even argued for the rescission or variation of the Final
Maintenance Order. Rather, both parties came before us with the understanding
that the Wife’s complaint against the DJ’s decision was in the form of a
straightforward appeal.

32 Based on the foregoing reasons, we find that on the facts of this case, it
was not open to the DJ to retrospectively vary the Interim Maintenance Order,
whether by backdating the Final Maintenance Order or by utilising the
mechanism furnished under s 118. The DJ’s order was, with respect, technically
erroneous and this court has the power to substitute it with a correct order.

Some observations on orders for the maintenance of children under ss 127 and
72 of the Act

33 We note, for completeness, that the power of the court to order maintenance
for children during the pendency of matrimonial proceedings and at any time
subsequent to the grant of a judgment of divorce is found in s 127 of the Act
(“s 127”) which reads as follows:

**Power of court to order maintenance for children**

**127.** —(1) During the pendency of any matrimonial proceedings or when
granting or at any time subsequent to the grant of a judgment of divorce,
judicial separation or nullity of marriage, the court may order a parent to
pay maintenance for the benefit of his child in such manner as the court
thinks fit.

(2) The provisions of Parts VIII and IX shall apply, with the necessary
modifications, to an application for maintenance and a maintenance order made
under subsection (1).

This is essentially a procedural provision which brings into operation the
provisions of Parts VIII and IX of the Act, including the substantive
obligation of parents to maintain their children found in s 68 of the Act:

**Duty of parents to maintain children**

**68.** Except where an agreement or order of court otherwise provides, it
shall be the duty of a parent to maintain or contribute to the maintenance of
his or her children, whether they are in his or her custody or the custody of
any other person, and whether they are legitimate or illegitimate, either by
providing them with such accommodation, clothing, food and education as may be
reasonable having regard to his or her means and station in life or by paying
the cost thereof.

Under the same Part, broad powers are conferred on the court to vary or
rescind a child’s maintenance order pursuant to s 72 of the Act (“s 72”):

**Rescission and variation of order**

**72.** —(1) On the application of any person receiving or ordered to pay a
monthly allowance under this Part and on proof of a change in the
circumstances of that person, his wife or child, or for other good cause being
shown to the satisfaction of the court, the court by which the order was made
may rescind the order or may vary it as it thinks fit.

(2) Without prejudice to the extent of the discretion conferred upon the court
by subsection (1), the court may, in considering any application made under
this section, take into consideration any change in the general cost of living
which may have occurred between the date of the making of the order sought to
be varied and the date of the hearing of the application.

Unlike s 118, the power of the court to vary or rescind a maintenance order
for children under s 72 is _not_ limited to situations where there has been
misrepresentation, mistake of fact or a material change of circumstances. This
apparent discrepancy can be traced to the Women’s Charter (Amendment) Act 1996
(Act 30 of 1996) (“the 1996 Amendment”). Before the 1996 Amendment, the
provision governing the court’s power to vary or rescind a maintenance order
for children was identical to s 118. However, this power was considerably
broadened by the introduction of the present-day s 127 through the 1996
Amendment. Interestingly, this provision did not appear in the Women’s Charter
(Amendment) Bill 1996 (Bill 5 of 1996) (“the 1996 Bill”); it was first
proposed by Prof Leong Wai Kum (“Prof Leong”) in her submissions to the Select
Committee on the 1996 Bill (see _Report of the Select Committee on the Women’s
Charter Amendment Bill (Bill No 5/96)_ (Parl 3 of 1996, 15 August 1996) (“
_Select Committee Report_ ”) at pp B32–33). The rationale behind her proposal
was to prevent the separation of the duty of a parent to maintain his or her
child into two distinct periods (during the marriage and after the termination
of marriage) and to harmonise the provisions relating to children. Prof Leong
was also of the view that “[a] parent’s duty towards his or her child’s
financial needs is actually not affected by the state of the parents’
marriage. Whether the parents are married or separated or divorced, their duty
in this regard should be exactly the same” (see the _Select Committee Report_
at p B32). (Similar sentiments were expressed by Prof Ong, who opined in her
written submissions that the duty of parents to maintain their children
“persists independently of the unmarried, married or divorced status of the
child’s parents”.) It appears that the proposed provision was subsequently
passed into law by Parliament without any debate as such on the same.

34 In the present appeal, the parties did not seek to invoke the broader
powers conferred upon the court under s 72 to vary or rescind an order for the
maintenance of children. As mentioned above (at [31]), this case concerned a
straightforward appeal from the Judge’s decision below. It is therefore not
necessary for us to say any more about s 72 and the broader manner in which
that provision is framed (as compared to s 118). (As we have observed above at
[24], the broader scope of s 72 might _not_ make much _practical_ difference
in any event.) We would, however, reiterate that the DJ, with respect, erred
in backdating the Final Maintenance Order because this effectively created a
situation where there were two different but equally binding obligations on
the Husband (see above at [21]). This reasoning applies with equal force to
not only the maintenance order for the Wife but also (as a matter of general
principle) the maintenance order for the children (notwithstanding the
(literal) absence of the word “subsisting” in s 72 as well as taking into
account the fact that it is unlikely that the Singapore Parliament would have
intended an inconsistency between the approaches to be adopted with respect to
maintenance for the wife and for the children, respectively).

The present appeal

35 We were, however, of the view that the DJ had valid reasons for moving to
partially relieve the Husband of his arrears of maintenance due under the
Interim Maintenance Order. The DJ’s decision to backdate the lower Final
Maintenance Order was clearly borne out of a concern to do justice to the
parties pending the hearing of final ancillaries – a hearing which was a long
time coming due to protracted interlocutory proceedings. The ancillary matters
were heard on 9 February 2012, 23 months after the grant of interim judgment.
This was, in our view, not an insignificant period of time, and it was
occasioned by an unfortunate combination of actions on the part of both the
Husband and the Wife. There were also factors such as the time the court took
to process the parties’ various applications and to fix hearings, which were
not within the control of either party. Although the parties were
understandably eager to pin the blame for the delay on each other, we find it
unnecessary to engage in an exercise of fault apportionment at this stage of
proceedings. However, in our view, the fact of the matter was that the Husband
continued to bear the burden of making interim maintenance payments during
this unduly protracted period of time. We find ourselves in agreement with the
DJ that this had unfairly prejudiced the Husband.

36 We were therefore loath to alter the substantive effect of the DJ’s
decision to effectively remit a portion of the arrears accrued by the Husband
under the Interim Maintenance Order. Our concern, as we have already explained
above, is that the DJ achieved this effect by taking a technically erroneous
route. What the DJ ought to have done was to make a final maintenance order
for the Wife under s 113(_b_) and for the children under s 127(1) which took
into account the respective resources and obligations as directed by ss 114
and 69(4) of the Act. This would have included consideration of the respective
parties’ resources and outstanding obligations _as altered by the operation of
the Interim Maintenance Order_. Such an order made pursuant to ss 113(_b_) and
127(1) would have operated prospectively but would have accounted for the
Husband’s depleted resources due to his maintenance obligations under the
earlier Interim Maintenance Order. This was not done by the DJ, and it was
therefore within this court’s appellate power to substitute the DJ’s
technically erroneous order with a technically correct order which achieves
the same effect (albeit not in the same amount ordered by the DJ). This
court’s appellate power includes the power to “make any order which ought to
have been given or made, and make such further or other orders as the case
requires”, even if such an order was not specifically sought in the Notice of
Appeal (see ss 37(5) and 37(6) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 2007 Rev Ed)).

37 We therefore substituted the DJ’s Final Maintenance Order as stated at [1]
above.

A summary

38 A _summary_ with regard to the _general_ principles applicable may be
apposite at the present juncture.

39 _First_ , a maintenance order made pursuant to s 113(_a_) is “interim” or
“provisional” only in the sense of its duration of operation, and is
conclusive in determining the parties’ financial relations for the time being.

40 _Second_ , a maintenance order whether made pursuant to ss 113(_a_) or
113(_b_) can only be rescinded or varied, upon a successful appeal against
that order _or_ by operation of s 118 (bearing in mind that a decision in the
latter regard might itself be subject to an appeal).

41 _Third_ , a maintenance order made pursuant to ss 113(_a_) or 113(_b_) can
be varied or rescinded at any time under s 118, but only “where [the court] is
satisfied that the order was based on any misrepresentation or mistake of fact
or where there has been any material change in the circumstances”.

42 _Fourth_ , a maintenance order made pursuant to s 113(_a_) _cannot_ be
varied or rescinded under s 118 if an order for maintenance pursuant to s
113(_b_) has (_subsequently_) been made as there would no longer be a
“subsisting” order that can be varied or rescinded under s 118.

43 _Fifth_ , similar principles would apply with regard to the corresponding
maintenance orders for children made pursuant to s 127. Although the language
of s 72 (with regard to the grounds for variation or rescission of such
orders) is literally broader, there might be no _practical_ difference in the
final analysis.

Conclusion

44 For the reasons set out above, we substituted the DJ’s Final Maintenance
Order with an order that the Husband pay a monthly maintenance amount of
A$4,500 for a period of 30 months from April 2012 to October 2014, and
thereafter a monthly maintenance amount of A$5,500.

45 We would also like to express our gratitude to the _amicus curiae_ , Prof
Ong, for her perceptive and helpful arguments which greatly assisted this
court in arriving at its decision.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

