Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  LH Aluminium Industries Pte Ltd _v_ Newcon Builders Pte Ltd  
[2014] SGHCR 10

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 159 of 2014; Summons No 1385 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 May 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Eunice Chua AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Richard Yeoh Kar Hoe (David Lim & Partners LLP) for the
plaintiff; Joseph Lee and Tang Jin Sheng (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  LH Aluminium Industries Pte Ltd — Newcon Builders Pte Ltd  
  
28 May 2014|  
---|---  
  
Eunice Chua AR:

1 In this application, the defendant seeks to set aside an adjudication
determination made in SOP/AA004 of 2014 pursuant to s 27(5) of the Building
and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) on three bases: (a) the premature filing of the adjudication
application; (b) the invalidity of the payment claim on the ground that it was
a repeat claim; and (c) the existence of a settlement agreement between the
parties.

2 After considering the evidence before me and the submissions of counsel, I
dismissed the defendant’s application and now set out the detailed reasons for
my decision.

Factual background

3 The plaintiff was the main contractor for a project described as “Additions
and Alterations to Existing 3 Storey Commercial Development/Light Rapid
Transit System Depot cum Station on Lot 3496X MK11 at Choa Chu Kang/Woodlands
Road” (“the Project”). The defendant was the sub-contractor for aluminium and
glazing installation works in relation to the Project.

4 The relevant letter of acceptance between the parties in respect of the
Project dated 21 January 2011 (“the Contract”) contained the following clauses
on payment:

10.2 _Payment Terms_

You are required [_sic_] present your monthly payment claim for work done to
us, in time for checking and inclusion in our overall monthly progress claim
for Main Contract and in any event shall be not later than _22 nd_ day of each
month

10.3 _Payment Response_

Within 21 days after the payment claim is served, or the date stipulated for
the service of a payment claim, whichever is later, the Payment Response shall
be issued.

5 It is not disputed that the Contract incorporated the Singapore Institute of
Architects Conditions of Sub-Contract (3rd Edition, 2005) (“the SIA Sub-
Contract”). Clauses 14.4 and 14.5 of the SIA Sub-Contract state in relevant
part as follows:

14.4 (a) The Sub-Contractor shall be entitled to serve on the Contractor a
payment claim as follows:

(i) where pursuant to clause 14.1(a), the progress payment is to be based on
periodic valuation, the Sub-Contractor shall submit the payment claim on the
last day of each month following the month in which the Sub-Contract is made;
or

(ii) where pursuant to clause 14.1(b), the progress payment is to be by stage
instalments, on the certified completion of the relevant stage.

…

(c) Provided that if the Sub-Contractor submits a payment claim before the
time stipulated herein for the making of that claim, such early submission
shall not require the Architect to issue the interim certificate or the
Contractor his payment response in respect of that payment claim earlier than
would have been the case had the Sub-Contractor submitted the payment claim in
accordance with the Contract.

14.5 The Contractor shall respond to the payment claim by providing, or
causing to be provided, a payment response to the Sub-Contractor within 21
days after the payment claim is served by the Sub-Contractor or the time by or
the day on which the Sub-Contractor is required under clause 14.4 to submit
his payment claim. This clause shall not apply to a supply contract, which
shall be governed by clause 14.6 hereof.

6 Under cl 2.2 of the SIA Sub-Contract:

The Sub-Contractor shall be deemed to have full knowledge of the Main Contract
and in so far as any ambiguity or doubt may arise as to the meaning of any of
the provisions or descriptions in this Sub-Contract the terms and provisions
of the Main Contract shall be considered in order to resolve such ambiguity,
and whenever possible this Sub-Contract shall be construed consistently with
the requirements of the Main Contract and all its Contract Documents and
provisions in so far as they may concern the works and goods or materials to
be carried out or supplied under this Sub-Contract.

7 On 2 December 2013, the plaintiff submitted payment claim no. 24 (“the
Payment Claim”) for the sum of $631,683.71, excluding GST for work done up to
22 November 2013. It was not disputed the Payment Claim was a repeat claim in
the sense that it repeated the same amount as a previous payment claim without
new work having been done. The defendant issued a payment response (“the
Payment Response”) for the sum of $0 on 20 December 2013.

8 On 3 January 2014, the plaintiff submitted an adjudication application (“the
Adjudication Application”) in respect of the Payment Claim and the defendant
duly submitted an adjudication response on 13 January 2014. The adjudicator
rendered a determination in favour of the plaintiff on 7 February 2014.

Issues

9 The issues before me may be summarised as follows:

(a) Whether the Adjudication Application was premature because “the dispute
settlement period” referred to in s 12(2) of the Act had not ended by the time
the plaintiff made the Adjudication Application;

(b) Whether the Payment Claim was a repeated claim and in breach of s 10(1) of
the Act; and

(c) Whether the dispute between the parties had been substantially settled
such that the plaintiff was not entitled to make the Adjudication Application.

Whether the adjudication application was premature

10 Part III of the Act governs payment claims and responses and provides in
relevant part that:

**Payment responses, etc.**

11.—(1) A respondent named in a payment claim served in relation to a
construction contract shall respond to the payment claim by providing, or
causing to be provided, a payment response to the claimant —

(_a_) by the date as specified in or determined in accordance with the terms
of the construction contract, or within 21 days after the payment claim is
served under section 10, whichever is the earlier; or

(_b_) where the construction contract does not contain such provision, within
7 days after the payment claim is served under section 10.

…

**Entitlement to make adjudication applications**

12\. —(1) Subject to subsection (2), a claimant who, in relation to a
construction contract, fails to receive payment by the due date of the
response amount which he has accepted is entitled to make an adjudication
application under section 13 in relation to the relevant payment claim.

(2) Where, in relation to a construction contract —

(_a_) the claimant disputes a payment response provided by the respondent; or

(_b_) the respondent fails to provide a payment response to the claimant by
the date or within the period referred to in section 11(1),

the claimant is entitled to make an adjudication application under section 13
in relation to the relevant payment claim if, by the end of the dispute
settlement period, the dispute is not settled or the respondent does not
provide the payment response, as the case may be.

…

(5) In this section, “dispute settlement period”, in relation to a payment
claim dispute, means the period of 7 days after the date on which or the
period within which the payment response is required to be provided under
section 11(1).

11 The defendant’s argument is that pursuant to s 12(2) of the Act, the
entitlement to make the Adjudication Application arose only if the dispute was
not settled or it did not provide the payment response “by the end of the
dispute settlement period”. This was defined by s 12(5) of the Act to mean the
period of 7 days after the date on which or the period within which the
payment response is required to be provided under s 11(1) of the Act. The
defendant contends that if the Adjudication Application was not filed within
those 7 days after the expiry of the dispute settlement period, such an
application would be in breach of s 12 of the Act and must be rejected by the
adjudicator.

12 The crux of the defendant’s case is that cl 14.4(c) of the SIA Sub-Contract
should be read to mean that although early submission of a payment claim is
not precluded, such an early submission will not set the 21 day period for a
payment response in motion. According to the defendant, the Payment Response
should only be required 21 days after the date on which the Payment Claim
_should have been made_ and not the date on which the Payment Claim was, _in
fact_ , actually made.

13 In other words, although the Payment Claim was served on 2 December 2013,
it ought to have been deemed to have been served on either 21 December 2013
(pursuant to cl 14.4 of the SIA Sub-Contract) or 22 December 2013 (pursuant to
cl 10.2 of the letter of acceptance). The Payment Response would then only be
due 21 days later (pursuant to cl 10.3 of the letter of acceptance read with
cl 14.5 of the SIA Sub-Contract) on 15 January 2014 (taking into account the
intervening public holidays). Accordingly, the defendant submitted, the
“dispute settlement period” would mean the 7 days after 15 January 2014, i.e.
16 January 2014 to 22 January 2014, and since the Adjudication Application was
filed on 3 January 2014, it was premature.

14 In my judgment, the defendant’s arguments are not supported by a proper
construction of cl 14.4(c) of the SIA Sub-Contract. That provision merely
provided that where a payment claim had been filed earlier than was required,
a payment response need not be submitted until the time contemplated by the
contract. However, it did not go so far as to _prevent_ a payment response
from being served earlier if that was desired. In fact, the defendant had
served the Payment Response on 20 December 2013 although it could have done
so, according to its calculations, as late as 15 January 2014. Where a payment
response is in fact served at an earlier date, there is nothing in cl 14.4(c)
or 14.5 of the SIA Sub-Contract or cl 10.3 of the Contract that suggests that
the “dispute settlement period” should only run from the date at which the
payment response was contractually due.

15 This would also be commercially sensible as otherwise any adjudication, if
required, would be delayed without good reason. As both parties have already
made clear their positions to each other via a payment claim and payment
response, there is no prejudice to the parties if the “dispute settlement
period” commences from the actual making of a payment response. Such a reading
would further be consistent with the purpose of the Act to provide a speedy
and effective dispute resolution process for the building and construction
industry.

16 In any event, even if the adjudication application was made prematurely in
the sense that the dispute settlement period had not ended, I am doubtful
whether this would be sufficient ground for setting aside an adjudication
determination. However, as this issue was not canvassed before me I say no
more on it.

Whether the payment claim was invalid

17 Whether or not the Payment Claim was invalid turned on whether the approach
in _JFC Builders Pte Ltd v LionCity Construction Co Pte Ltd_ [2013] 1 SLR 1157
(“ _JFC Builders_ ”), where the High Court held that s 10(1) of the Act
impliedly precluded a claimant from making a claim that merely repeated an
earlier claim without any additional item of claim, should be followed.

18 Woo Bih Li J in _JFC Builders_ noted at [77]–[78] that the Court of Appeal
in _Lee Wee Lick Terence v Chua Say Eng_ [2013] 1 SLR 401 (“ _Terence Lee_ ”)
had stated _obiter_ that it did not approve of the finding in a case involving
a repeat non-adjudicated premature claim that s 10(1) of the Act prohibits all
repeat claims. However, Woo J took the view that it was not clear whether the
Court of Appeal was referring to a repeat claim as defined in _JFC Builders_
and observed that no reasons were given for the Court of Appeal’s statement.

19 In a later High Court decision, _Admin Construction Pte Ltd v Vivaldi (S)
Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 609 (“ _Admin Construction_ ”), Quentin Loh J took a
different view of the Court of Appeal’s decision as follows at [51]–[52]:

Whilst I may instinctively empathise with the view of Woo J, given the
possibility of abuse which was alluded to and the proffered construction of s
10(1), I think the Court of Appeal's decision in _Terence Lee_ has put the
matter beyond doubt. …

Terence Lee made clear the following in relation to "repeat claims":

(a) First, a subsequent payment claim can include a sum which has been
previously claimed (and therefore in one sense a "repeat" claim), but has not
been paid. Section 10(4) of the Act specifically deals with this. A fortiori,
I would imagine that if a piece of work was done within the relevant month but
not included for any reason in the relevant payment claim, there cannot be a
bar against it being included in a later payment claim.

(b) Secondly, where a payment claim has been made, but has not been
adjudicated upon, eg, because no adjudication application was made, it still
remains an "unpaid" claim and could be the subject matter of a later payment
claim and adjudication; see Terence Lee at [92]. For example, a claimant may
choose not to lodge an adjudication application as he is too tied up trying to
carry out his works or the requirements in s 12 of the Act were not or not yet
satisfied; therefore the subsequent payment claim may include ("repeat") items
in common and they nonetheless remain unpaid claims for the purposes of s
10(4) of the Act.

(c) Thirdly, a payment claim that has been dismissed by an adjudicator for
being served prematurely or as an untimely claim under reg 5(1) or a premature
adjudication application may be the valid subject of a subsequent adjudication
provided it was not adjudicated upon and dismissed on its merits; it does not
provide any ground for an estoppel.

(d) Fourthly, a payment claim or any part thereof which has been validly
brought to adjudication and dismissed on its merits cannot be the subject of a
subsequent payment claim or subsequent adjudication.

20 Loh J further noted the extra-judicial comment made by former Chief Justice
Chan Sek Keong, who delivered the judgment in _Terence Lee_ , in the Foreword
to Chow Kok Fong, _Security of Payments and Construction Adjudication_
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) at para 12, where it was stated that the Court of
Appeal in _Terence Lee_ had explained that the Act “does not bar a claim that
has not been adjudicated on the merits, eg, where it has been rejected on
technical grounds of prematurity”, and that having regard to the substantive
decision in _Terence Lee_ , it would be “inconsistent with principle and the
scheme of the Act” to bar the claimant from making a claim that had never been
adjudicated on the merits subsequently.

21 The plaintiff referred to _Associate Dynamic Builder Pte Ltd v Tactic
Foundation Pte Ltd_ [2013] SGHCR 16 and argued that as a matter of _stare
decisis_ , I am bound to follow the approach in _JFC Builders_ since the
decision in relation to the issue of repeat claims in _Terence Lee_ and _Admin
Construction_ did not form part of the _ratio decidendi_. The plaintiff also
submitted that as a matter of substance, Woo J’s approach ought to be
followed.

22 Given the developments after _JFC Builders_ , it appears to me that the
weight of authority lies in favour of the defendant. Although there are risks
of abuse of process as noted by Loh J in _Admin Construction_ at [42], these
will have to be addressed by the legislature. In the circumstances, as the
Payment Claim in question had not been adjudicated upon its merits, I find
that it was not an invalid payment claim in breach of s 10(1) of the Act.

Whether there was settlement between the parties and, if so, the effect of the
settlement

23 The plaintiff argues that the parties had entered into a settlement
agreement on or around 4 November 2013 agreeing that the sum of $513,917.47
claimed in backcharges would be settled by the defendant refunding $250,000 to
the plaintiff.

24 The plaintiff relies, in particular, on two letters in a series of
correspondence between the parties. The first letter was dated 10 October 2013
from the defendant to the plaintiff stating:

Refer to your email dated on 1 October 2013, regarding the backcharge
settlement.

We have proposed goodwill offer to refund the backcharge of $200,000.00 to
your goodself in our letter ref: NCB.J10/LH/13/0160 dated 03 May 2013.

During our meeting on 16 Aug 2013, we have further offered to refund another
additional $50,000.00 out of total backcharge as the final settlement,
provided you shall rectify all defective works that highlighted by the Client
& Consultants promptly. We would like to reiterate that our goodwill offer is
still remain.

Further to our letter ref:NCB/TBJ/Letter/13/0309 dated 1 Oct 2013, please be
reminded again that your delay in completing the rectification works has
caused delay to issuance of Maintenance Certificate from Architect. We shall
engage the third party to carry out the rectification works and backcharge all
the cost to you, should you keep on delay and fail to complete the works on
time. We reserve the right to hold your fully responsible for all loss and
damages caused.

25 The second letter was the plaintiff’s reply to the defendant dated 3
November 2013 stating as follows:

We refer to your letter dated 10th October 2013.

Without any admission to your backcharges totalling $513,917.47 (inclusive of
GST), details of which are set out in your letter and payment response dated
18 June 2013 (“Backcharges”), on a without prejudice basis, we accept your
proposed goodwill offer of $250,000.00 as full and final settlement of the
Backcharges. However, our acceptance of the goodwill offer above is on
condition that there are no further backcharges relating to and/or arising
from the matters/issues set out in the Backcharges.

26 The defendant’s position is that there was no agreement between the parties
as a crucial term relating to the time of payment of the $250,000 was still
being discussed by the parties in later emails. For example, in an email dated
7 November 2013 sent at 10.38am (“the defendant’s 7 November 2013 email”), the
defendant wrote:

Refer to your letter ref: LHG-MGT-LETT-176-11/13 dated 4 Nov 2013, it is
acceptable but subject to FEO’s release of Maintenance Certificate and 2nd
half of retention. In the meantime, you have to clear all outstanding defect
ASAP. Any cost incurred from above including the cost back-charged from FEO
shall be borne by LH.

27 In reply, the plaintiff wrote in an email of the same date sent at 11.05am
(“the plaintiff’s 7 November 2013 email”):

As spoken, defects under our scope will be carried out expeditiously. However,
it is an open secret that FEO release of Maintenance Certificate is
contentious. The backcharges currently in question is not bounded by this
because contractually, the amount withheld by NewCon had been paid and
disbursed by the Client and Consultant to us via NewCon. Hence, we are looking
towards the release of the agreed backcharges of some $250k after the existing
defects have been rectified, not upon the release of the Maint Cert and
retention fund.

28 It is not disputed that there was no further correspondence on this issue.

29 In my judgment, there was no settlement agreement between the parties on
the issue of backcharges. The plaintiff’s reply dated 3 November 2013 did not
constitute an acceptance of the defendant’s offer as it was stipulated as
conditional upon there being “no further backcharges relating to and/or
arising from the matters/issues set out in the [payment response dated 18 June
2013]”. I disagreed with the defendant that this went without saying and did
not require any agreement of the defendant. In fact, the issue of additional
costs was addressed in the defendant’s 7 November 2013 email where the
defendant stated that any costs incurred from remedying the outstanding
defects, including costs back-charged from the main contractor are to be borne
by the plaintiff.

30 The further email discussions between the parties also cast doubt on the
existence of a settlement agreement because there appeared to be no agreement
in relation to the time for payment to be made. The defendant’s 7 November
2013 email sought to impose further conditions relating to the release of the
maintenance certificate and retention monies by the main contractor. These
conditions were not accepted in the plaintiff’s 7 November 2013 email.

31 In this context, that there was no further correspondence on the matter
ought not to be construed as signifying that the defendant had acquiesced to
the proposals set out in the plaintiff’s 7 November 2013 email. For the same
reason, there was no basis for the court to imply into the agreement that
payment was to be made at a reasonable time, as submitted by the plaintiff.
The authorities cited by the plaintiff to imply such a term had no application
in a factual situation where parties had an apparent disagreement as to when
payment should be made.

32 In the circumstances, it was not necessary for me to consider the further
question of whether the existence of a settlement agreement had the effect of
rendering the adjudication application capable of being set aside.

Conclusion

33 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the application. After hearing
parties on the issue of costs, I ordered that costs be paid by the defendant
to the plaintiff fixed at $6,000, plus reasonable disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 May 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

