Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Kok Lian (executor and trustee of the estate of Lee Biau Luan,
deceased) _v_ Lee Patricia (executor and trustee of the estate of Lee Biau
Luan, deceased) and another  
[2014] SGHC 272

Case Number| :| Suit No 584 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeals Nos 253, 254, 255 and
256 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 December 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Nair Suresh Sukumaran and Tan Tse Hsien, Bryan (Chen
Shixian) (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the appellants in RAs 253 and 254 of
2014 and the respondents in RAs 255 and 256 of 2014; Yeo Khirn Hai Alvin SC
and Sim Mei Ling (WongPartnership LLP) (instructed), Wong Tjen Wee (Eldan Law
LLP) for the respondents in RAs 253 and 254 of 2014 and the appellants in RAs
255 and 256 of 2014; Chin Jun Qi (Drew and Napier LLC) (on watching brief) for
the plaintiff in Suit No 584 of 2013.  
Parties| :|  Lim Kok Lian (executor and trustee of the estate of Lee Biau
Luan, deceased) — Lee Patricia (executor and trustee of the estate of Lee Biau
Luan, deceased) and another  
  
23 December 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 The main issue in these appeals is whether the counterclaims brought by the
defendants should be struck out under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”). After hearing the parties on 24 November
2014, I reserved judgment to give further consideration to the parties’
submissions.

Background facts

2 The plaintiff in Suit No 584 of 2013, Lim Kok Lian (“KL”), is the executor
and trustee of the estate of Lee Biau Luan, his late mother. KL is suing his
sister and co-executor, Patricia Lee (“Pat”) and her son, Mark Tan Chai Ming
(“Mark”) for, _inter alia_ , fraudulent breach of trust. Pat and Mark in turn
filed a counterclaim against KL and his two brothers, Lim Kok Kian Chiao Ki
(“KK”) and Peter Michael Lee Yong Pee (“PM”), their cause of action being the
torts of malicious prosecution of civil proceedings, abuse of process, and
conspiracy.

3 KK and PM brought Summons No 2794 of 2014 and Summons No 2305 of 2014 (“the
Striking Out Summonses”) respectively to strike out the counterclaims against
them. They were both successful in their respective striking out applications
before the Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) save for the claim in conspiracy by
lawful means which the AR declined to strike out. They now appeal in
Registrar’s Appeals Nos 253 and 254 of 2014 against the AR’s decision not to
strike out the remaining claim while Pat and Mark brought Registrar’s Appeals
Nos 255 and 256 of 2014 appealing against the AR’s decision to strike out the
other three claims.

The decision below

4 The AR held that the cause of action for malicious civil proceedings was
legally unsustainable because Pat and Mark were unable to satisfy the
requirement that a prior proceeding has been determined in their favour.
Similarly, the AR struck out the claim for abuse of process because commencing
an action to seek leverage to obtain a compromise of proceedings was not a
collateral purpose. Since the torts of malicious prosecution and abuse of
process were struck out, it was held that the claim for conspiracy by unlawful
means would also be struck out. For the claim of conspiracy by lawful means,
the AR declined to strike it out because the alleged predominant purpose was
to further the legitimate interest of enlarging the estate, a matter which was
to be determined at trial.

The parties’ submissions

5 Pat and Mark’s submissions can be summarised as follows:

(a) The AR adopted an unduly restrictive approach to the first element of
malicious civil proceedings set out in _Crawford Adjusters and others v
Sagicor General Insurance (Cayman) Limited and another_ [2013] UKPC 17 (“
_Crawford Adjusters_ ”) which requires proceedings to be concluded in favour
of the party relying on the tort. In _Crawford Adjusters_ itself, the court
had allowed the tort to be advanced in a counterclaim without the institution
of a fresh action.

(b) The AR erred in relying on _Land Securities plc and others v Fladgate
Fielder (a firm)_ [2010] Ch 467 (“ _Land Securities_ ”) as the decision
actually turned on how the tort of abuse of process could not be extended to
judicial review proceedings when leave to commence such proceedings had
already been obtained.

(c) The AR erred since as long as there was an arguable case for either the
tort of malicious civil proceedings or abuse of process, the claim for
conspiracy by unlawful means should not be struck out.

6 KK and PM’s submissions can be summarised as follows:

(a) The claim for malicious civil proceedings should fail as it is not a tort
known to Singapore law. It has no application where there has been no judgment
in the complainant’s favour and where no damage has been suffered.

(b) The claim for abuse of process should fail as neither KK nor PM has any
collateral or improper purpose in suing. Moreover, no damage had been suffered
by them.

(c) The claim for unlawful means conspiracy should fail as Pat and Mark have
failed to establish the torts of malicious civil proceedings and abuse of
process. Also, they had not suffered any damage.

(d) The claim for lawful means conspiracy should fail as the law does not
allow a conspiracy claim to circumvent the need to demonstrate wrongful
conduct. Pat and Mark also had not suffered any damage.

Issues

7 The following issues to be decided in these appeals are as follows:

(a) whether the claim for the tort of malicious civil proceedings should be
struck out;

(b) whether the claim for the tort of abuse of process should be struck out;

(c) whether the claim for the tort of conspiracy by unlawful means should be
struck out; and

(d) whether the claim for the tort of conspiracy by lawful means should be
struck out.

The threshold for striking out

8 O 18 r 19 of the ROC states as follows:

**Striking out pleadings and endorsements (O. 18, r. 19)**

**19.** —(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck
out or amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or
anything in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —

(_a_) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may
be;

(_b_) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(_c_) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(_d_) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

(2) No evidence shall be admissible on an application under paragraph
(1)(_a_).

(3) This Rule shall, as far as applicable, apply to an originating summons as
if it were a pleading.

9 In the Striking Out Summonses, it was stated that the applications were made
pursuant to all four limbs of O 18 r 19(1). Counsel for PM and KK, Mr Suresh
Nair, stated at the hearing before the AR below that he was relying
principally on the “no reasonable cause of action” limb, _ie_ , O 18 r
19(1)(_a_).[note: 1] Mr Nair appears to have relied on the same limb at the
hearing before me.[note: 2] In contrast, Pat and Mark seems to be responding
instead to an application based on O 18 r 19(1)(_b_) although this has not
been explicitly articulated.

10 I would have been better assisted by counsel if they had related their
submissions to the particular limb of O 18 r 19(1) that they were relying on.
Parties and the counsel representing them would do well to heed the following
observations made by V K Rajah JA in _The “Bunga_ _Melati 5”_ [2012] 4 SLR 546
(“ _Bunga_ _Melati 5_ ”) at [31]:

31 In our view, it would be a good practice for an applicant of a striking out
order to precisely correlate the arguments it advances to the _exact limb_
under O 18 r 19(1) of the ROC which it seeks to rely on. Such a practice will
assist the courts to better understand the thrust of the applicant’s arguments
and assess them. While there is some similarity and overlap amongst the four
limbs of O 18 r 19(1) of the ROC, each limb, conceptually speaking, serves a
specific purpose apropos the court’s power to summarily dismiss a party’s
claim.

[emphasis in original]

11 Notwithstanding this slight ambiguity in the parties’ submissions, I shall
consider both O 18 r 19(1)(_a_) and 19(1)(_b_) in deciding whether the
counterclaims at hand should be struck out since parties have ostensibly
relied on both limbs in these appeals.

12 It is established law that the threshold for striking out a claim is a high
one. The court will strike out a claim only if it is plainly or obviously
unsustainable (see _Bunga_ _Melati 5_ at [32]). It must be impossible and not
just improbable for the claim to succeed before the court will strike it out
(see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2013_ vol 1 (G P Selvam ed-in-chief) (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 2013) (“ _Singapore Civil Procedure_ ”) at para 18/19/6).

Issue 1: Whether the claim for the tort of malicious civil proceedings should
be struck out

13 It is not entirely clear whether this tort is a recognised cause of action
in Singapore. On one hand, the High Court case of _Bhagwan Singh v Chand
Singh_ [1968-1970] SLR(R) 50 (“ _Bhagwan Singh_ ”) seems to have recognised
the tort (at [28]) although it ultimately held that the claim was not made out
on the facts (at [29]). On the other hand, a Singapore textbook on tort law
denies its existence as expressed in the following passage (see Gary Chan Kok
Yew and Lee Pey Woan, _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing,
2011) (“ _Gary Chan_ ”) at para 17.007):

… The tort of malicious prosecution does not, however, extend to civil
proceedings and disciplinary proceedings. One reason is that in civil
proceedings, the expenses incurred by the defendant in the action may be
compensated for by an award of costs. …

The case of _Bhagwan Singh_ does not seem to have come to the attention of the
learned authors of _Gary Chan_.

14 The existence of the tort was also doubted recently in _Strategic Worldwide
Assets Ltd v Sandz Solutions (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others (Tan Choon Wee and
another, third parties)_ [2013] 4 SLR 662 (“ _Sandz Solutions HC_ ”) where
Judith Prakash J observed that a claim for malicious prosecution “generally
applies to criminal prosecution only” (at [93]). Although the appeal against
this decision was allowed in part by the Court of Appeal in _Sandz Solutions
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and others v Strategic Worldwide Assets Ltd and others_
[2014] 3 SLR 562 (“ _Sandz Solutions CA_ ”), the court made no mention of
Prakash J’s observation regarding the tort of malicious prosecution.

15 In sum, there appears to be at least some doubt in relation to the
existence of the tort of malicious civil proceedings in Singapore. It is also
apparent that the arguments for and against adopting such a cause of action
has not been fully considered by our courts. As observed in _Sandz Solutions
HC_ at [93], the tort was recognised in the recent Privy Council decision of
_Crawford Adjusters v Sagicor General Insurance (Cayman) Limited_ [2013] UKPC
17 (“ _Crawford Adjusters_ ”) but that decision has yet to be applied in
Singapore.

16 In my judgment, the uncertainty surrounding the tort outlined above does
not necessarily lead to the conclusion that the claim should be struck out. I
agree in principle that a novel and complex case that requires rigorous
examination of law and policy should proceed to trial instead of being struck
out in its nascent state (see _Singapore Civil Procedure_ at para 18/19/6).

17 However, the difficulty with Pat and Mark’s claim here is that even if such
a cause of action were to be adopted in Singapore, it would be impossible for
them to mount the claim successfully because the first element would plainly
not be satisfied; there are no prior proceedings that have been determined in
favour of them (see _Crawford_ at [34]).

18 At the hearing before me, instructed counsel for Pat and Mark, Mr Alvin Yeo
SC, referred me to a passage from _Bullen & Leake & Jacob’s Precedents of
Pleadings_ (Jack I H Jacob and Iain S Goldrein eds) (Thomson Sweet & Maxwell,
13th Ed, 1990) (“ _Bullen & Leake_”) at p 644 which suggested that a
successful claim for the tort of malicious civil proceedings could be asserted
by counterclaim did not require prior proceedings to have been determined in
the plaintiff’s favour. Mr Yeo contended that the main claims and
counterclaims should be tried together before the same Judge and there was no
reason to have a separate action for malicious civil proceedings.

19 In Pat and Mark’s written submissions, it was argued that the AR had erred
in finding that the main action in _Crawford Adjusters_ had ended before the
claim for malicious prosecution was brought because the appellant, Mr
Paterson, had amended his counterclaim “to allude to malicious prosecution”
and the amendment dated back to the original date of the pleading.[note: 3]

20 I find this submission somewhat misleading because it is clear from the
judgment of _Crawford Adjusters_ at [21] that Mr Paterson only amended his
counterclaim to include a claim for abuse of process and _not_ malicious civil
proceedings. Unlike the tort of malicious civil proceedings, the tort of abuse
of process does not have a requirement for a prior proceeding to have been
determined in favour of the party relying on the tort. Hence, I do not read
_Crawford Adjusters_ as setting down the principle that the claim for
malicious civil proceedings can be brought by way of a counterclaim.

21 As far as the passage from _Bullen & Leake_ is concerned, I note that the
passage is found in a slightly dated edition of the book and it therefore did
not consider the position stated some 13 years later in _Crawford Adjusters_.
I also do not think that it can possibly be said that this outdated academic
opinion dispenses with the onus placed on Pat and Mark, assuming the tort
applies in Singapore, to prove the first element of the tort stated in
_Crawford Adjusters_.

22 I should mention for completeness that Mr Nair referred me to passages from
the 2012 edition of _Bullen & Leake_ at the hearing before me (see _Bullen &
Leake & Jacob’s Precedents of Pleadings_ (Justice Blair _et al_ gen eds)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2012) (“ _Bullen & Leake 2012_”) at paras 2-12 and
2-13). He argued from these passages that no action lies in malicious
prosecution if the action against the claimant is still pending and has not
been determined in the claimant’s favour.

23 I have some reservations on Mr Nair’s reliance on those passages. The
general tenor of the discussion and the cases cited at paras 2-12 to 2-15 seem
to be that of malicious prosecution of criminal proceedings, and not malicious
civil proceedings. This becomes clear from a reading of the following section,
“Abuse of Civil Process”. The first paragraph of this section, para 2-16, also
states that proceedings do not need to have been determined in the claimant’s
favour. More generally, this edition predates _Crawford Adjusters_ and would
therefore not have been able to reflect or comment on the position reached in
that case. I thus placed little reliance on the passages in _Bullen & Leake
2012_ cited by Mr Nair.

24 Finally, as correctly pointed out by Mr Nair in oral submissions, a party
bringing a counterclaim for malicious civil proceedings has to be in a
position to prove the elements of his claim. However, on the facts here, Pat
and Mark simply cannot show that a prior proceeding has been concluded in
their favour – the outcome of the main action depends entirely on the judge
hearing the matter and it is not something that the defendant would be able to
prove when the pleadings are filed. In other words, it seems contrary to
principle and logic to allow a party to bring a claim when one of the elements
for that claim is entirely contingent on a future event that is outside the
party’s control. Moreover, that future event may not even come to pass, _ie_ ,
the main action may not even be resolved in that party’s favour.

25 Therefore, in my judgment, the AR correctly struck out the claim.

Issue 2: Whether the claim for the tort of abuse of process should be struck
out

26 It is also not entirely clear whether the tort of abuse of process is a
recognised cause of action in Singapore. However, as mentioned above, the
claim should not be struck out only because it has not been raised or
considered before in Singapore.

27 One key element in the tort is the requirement for a collateral or improper
purpose to be established. The question on the facts at hand is whether such a
purpose is discernable on Pat and Mark’s case. It was stated in their Defence
& Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) dated 28 March 2014 that:

**5** **Malicious Civil Proceedings**

…

311 The said action has been brought without reasonable and proper cause
and/or in bad faith and maliciously and with the ulterior motive of _damaging
the Defendants_ and in the hope of _obtaining bargaining leverage_ against the
1st Defendant and/or 2nd Defendant _to facilitate a compromise_ of the
proceedings for the economic benefit of the Plaintiff, Kian and/or Peter,
rather than for furthering any legitimate interest of the Estate. The action
herein is accordingly an abuse of process.

[emphasis added]

28 A few difficulties are immediately apparent from a perfunctory reading of
this paragraph. First, it is not at all clear whether Pat and Mark are
pleading the tort of abuse of process as a separate cause of action from
malicious civil proceedings since both causes of action are mentioned under
the same heading, “Malicious Civil Proceedings”.

29 Second, obtaining bargaining leverage to facilitate a compromise does not,
on the authority of _Land Securities_ , appear to qualify as a collateral
purpose. However, Pat and Mark did plead that the main action was brought
against them “with the ulterior motive of damaging [them]” and this may, also
on the authority of _Land Securities_ , arguably constitute a collateral
purpose. The word “damaging” in the quoted paragraph is somewhat vague but I
am minded to grant leave for Pat and Mark to amend the pleadings in this
particular regard (see _Singapore Civil Procedure_ at para 18/19/2). I note
parenthetically that the holding in _Land Securities_ that the tort of abuse
of process did not enable recovery for general economic loss was doubted in
_Crawford Adjusters_ at [74]–[77]. This however does not affect my analysis in
any way because the AR’s decision and the parties’ submissions did not rely on
that part of the decision in _Land Securities_ that was doubted.

30 Notwithstanding the difficulties highlighted above, I do not find it
_impossible_ for the claim of abuse of process to succeed. The mere fact that
the case is weak or not likely to succeed is no ground for striking it out
(see _Singapore Civil Procedure_ at para 18/19/10) and I thus allow the appeal
in relation to the tort of abuse of process.

Issue 3: Whether the claim for the tort of conspiracy by unlawful means should
be struck out

31 Since at least one of the above causes of action is sustainable, unlawful
means can be established and the issue is then whether costs may constitute
actionable damage for the torts of conspiracy by unlawful means. The
determination of this issue would equally apply to the action in conspiracy by
lawful means.

32 It appears that there are two conflicting recent Court of Appeal decisions
on the issue of whether costs _per se_ can constitute actionable damage for a
claim in conspiracy. In the earlier case of _Raffles Town Club v Lim Eng Hock
Peter and others and other appeals_ [2013] 1 SLR 374 (“ _Raffles Town Club_
”), the claim in conspiracy was allowed even though the court itself
recognised that the only damage suffered was the legal costs incurred by the
former directors of Raffles Town Club in defending Suit No 46 of 2006. More
recently, the Court of Appeal in _Sandz Solutions CA_ confirmed the trial
judge’s finding that the appellants had suffered no damage as a result of the
alleged conspiracy. Crucially, the court did not regard legal costs as damage
but at the same time noted that the appellants did not challenge the trial
judge’s findings on this point.

33 In the light of the seemingly inconsistent pronouncements made by the Court
of Appeal in two recent appeals, it is open for the defendants to argue that
costs constitute actionable damage on the basis of _Raffles Town Club_.
Consequently, I am of the view that the high threshold for striking out has
not been met.

34 With regards to the High Court case of _Then Khek Koon and another v Arjun_
_Permanand_ _Samtani and another and other suits_ [2014] 1 SLR 245 and the
appeal against this decision in _Maryani_ _Sadeli v Arjun_ _Permanand_
_Samtani and another and other appeals_ [2014] SGCA 55 (“ _Maryani_ ”), I do
not think these cases take Pat and Mark’s case for striking out any further
because the issue in those proceedings was whether the appellants could
recover as damages the unrecovered legal costs of _previous_ proceedings. The
Court of Appeal in _Maryani_ resolved this issue by reference to the general
rule that unrecovered costs in relation to previous legal proceedings cannot
be recovered in a subsequent claim for damages. The court also held that this
general rule applied in a third party case. In coming to its decision, the
court discussed certain policy considerations underlying the law on costs such
as promoting finality in litigation and increasing access to justice.

35 However, I think it is crucial to note that the Court of Appeal in
_Maryani_ did not discuss the issue of whether costs _per se_ can constitute
actionable damage in a claim for the tort of conspiracy. I note further that
neither _Raffles Town Club_ nor _Sandz Solutions CA_ was cited in _Maryani_
and the Court of Appeal certainly did not resolve the apparent inconsistency
in those two earlier Court of Appeal decisions.

36 To conclude, I think that the Court of Appeal case of _Raffles Town Club_
appears to provide Pat and Mark the platform to argue that costs alone could
possibly be recognised as actionable damage for claims in conspiracy by
unlawful and lawful means. For the avoidance of doubt, I am not expressing a
definitive view on the merits of Pat and Mark’s claim at this early stage of
the proceedings but only holding that striking out is inappropriate here
because their claim is not obviously unsustainable and it is not impossible
for their claim to succeed.

Issue 4: Whether the claim for the tort of conspiracy by lawful means should
be struck out

37 In the previous section, I have already dealt with the main argument that
KK and PM raised in relation to whether costs _per se_ constitutes actionable
damage for a claim in conspiracy and I see no necessity to repeat myself here.

38 I should deal with one other submission made by KK and PM. They argue that
Pat and Mark failed to plead the damage allegedly suffered by them, _ie_ , the
enlargement of the estate to their detriment[note: 4] and that the AR erred in
relying on this unpleaded point. In my view, this submission is without merit
because KK and PM in making this submission have conflated Pat and Mark’s
allegation of the predominant purpose (_viz_ , the enlargement of the estate
to their detriment) with the damage suffered (_viz_ , substantial loss and
expense by way of legal costs in defending the action). The predominant
purpose and damage suffered are two separate elements of the tort of
conspiracy by lawful means and, without expressing a view on the merits of the
claim, it is clear that these two elements have been pleaded by Pat and Mark.

Conclusion

39 For the foregoing reasons, I decline to strike out Pat and Mark’s claims
for the tort of abuse of process, conspiracy by unlawful means, and conspiracy
by lawful means. These claims shall proceed to trial. I also grant leave for
Pat and Mark to amend [311] of their Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No 3)
to clarify what is meant by the phrase “with the ulterior motive of damaging
[them]”. Lastly, I affirm the AR’s decision to strike out the claim for
malicious civil proceedings.

40 Accordingly, Registrar’s Appeals Nos 253 and 254 of 2014 are dismissed with
costs while Registrar’s Appeals Nos 255 and 256 of 2014 are allowed in part
with costs. The costs of all four appeals are to be agreed or taxed.

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence, 9 July 2014; Plaintiff by Counterclaim’s Bundle of
Documents/Pleadings Vol 1 at Tab 7 and Tab 5.

[note: 2]Written submissions of 2nd and 3rd defendants in counterclaim at para
56.

[note: 3]Written submissions of the plaintiffs by counterclaim at para 33.

[note: 4]Written submissions of 2nd and 3rd defendants in counterclaim at para
63.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Dec 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

