Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  APC _v_ APD  
[2014] SGHC 260

Case Number| :| Divorce Transfer No 2507 of 2009 (Summons Nos 682 and 1464 of
2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 December 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Poh Choo (Alan Shankar & Lim LLC) for the
plaintiff/respondent; Defendant/appellant in person.  
Parties| :|  APC — APD  
  
4 December 2014|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This is yet another matrimonial dispute. On 12 July 2013, I gave an oral
judgment on the ancillaries including custody, care and control and access in
respect of the children. I granted:

(a) joint custody over the three children of the marriage to the parties;

(b) care and control over the three children to the wife; and

(c) the husband’s access to the two younger children on various terms.

2 On 26 August 2013, I heard further arguments on maintenance which are not
relevant for present purposes.

3 On 11 February 2014, the husband filed Summons No 682 of 2014 (“Summons
682”) for a variation of my orders on care and control of the two younger
children as follows:

(a) that the husband be granted care and control of the two younger children
with access to be given to the wife;

(b) alternatively, that the husband be granted joint care and control of the
two younger children from Wednesday 12pm to Sunday 10am and the wife from
Sunday 10am till Wednesday 12pm;

(c) the wife and the husband to attend counselling with the children.

4 On 21 March 2014, the wife filed Summons No 1464 of 2014 (“Summons 1464”)
for various reliefs including an order to insert a penal notice against the
husband in respect of various court orders made earlier and seeking an order
granting her leave to apply for an order of committal against the husband.

5 Both applications were heard together. On 3 October 2014, I made an order
for the insertion of a penal notice against the husband in various earlier
court orders but made no order on her application for leave to apply for an
order of committal against the husband. I dismissed Summons 682 which was the
husband’s application for variation of my earlier order on care and control of
the two younger children.

6 The husband has filed an appeal against my decision in respect of Summons
682. I set out my reasons below.

Issues

7 As is evident from what I have stated, the husband did not appeal against my
original decision on 12 July 2013 granting care and control of the three
children to the wife. It was through his Summons 682 filed on 11 February 2014
that he sought a variation of that order in respect of the two younger
children. The issue therefore was whether there were adequate reasons to
justify a variation.

The court’s reasons

8 There are three children from the marriage:

(a) the eldest is a son born in 1996;

(b) the second child is a son born in 2002;

(c) the youngest child is a daughter born in 2004.

9 The husband is a senior bank manager. The mother is a tutor teaching
Chinese.

10 At the time when the ancillaries were heard, the couple and the children
were staying in a three-storey bungalow with five bedrooms.

11 The husband slept in the master bedroom on the top floor with the two
younger children. The wife slept in a bedroom on the second floor. The eldest
child slept in a third bedroom. The maid slept in the fourth bedroom. The
fifth bedroom (on the first floor) was used for storage.

12 The husband was no longer close to the eldest child. He alleged that the
two younger children were closer to him than to the wife who was often playing
golf and going out.

13 The wife’s version was that the husband was domineering. He had insisted
that the two younger children sleep with him after the couple slept in
different rooms. She said she did not play golf as frequently as the husband
was alleging.

14 The husband asked for care and control of the two younger children only.
The wife asked for care and control of all three children.

15 The main matrimonial asset was the matrimonial home. Its net value was
$2,236,000. I granted the wife 45% of the matrimonial home so that the parties
could retain the other matrimonial assets held in their sole names. The wife
did not have the financial resources to acquire the husband’s 55% interest.
However, it did not make sense to order the matrimonial home to be sold in the
open market since the husband was prepared to acquire the wife’s 45% interest.
Therefore, I granted the husband an option to acquire the wife’s 45% interest
which would work out to be $1,006,200.

16 It was clear that the wife would have to move out of the matrimonial home.
If she was granted care and control of the two younger children (together with
the eldest child), they would have to move out with her.

17 I was of the view that a change of home will not have a drastic effect on
the two younger children. Indeed, the husband did not use that as a reason to
ask for care and control of the two younger children. His reasons were that
they were closer to him and that the wife was not spending time to care for
them.

18 I interviewed all three children without the presence of the husband or the
wife. My notes of the interview are confidential and are available only to the
court. I also met with the couple and their counsel.

19 I was of the view initially that it was preferable for all three children
to be together but it seemed that perhaps the two younger children were not
particularly close to the eldest and vice versa. Hence I did not give that
factor much weight.

20 The two younger children appeared to be quite close. Therefore they ought
not to be separated. Indeed, there was no suggestion by either parent that
they should be separated.

21 As the youngest child is a female, I was of the view that that was a factor
in favour of granting the wife care and control of her and hence the second
son as well.

22 It was not disputed that the husband had a full-time job. On the other
hand, the wife, as a tutor, had more flexibility with her time and was able to
spend more time with the children. I was mindful of the husband’s allegation
that she was spending much of her time on her own pursuits such as golf. I was
of the view that there was some truth in the husband’s allegation about the
wife’s interest in golf but that he had also exaggerated the extent of that
interest. Notwithstanding her interest in golf, I was of the view that she
would be a responsible mother if given the full chance to carry out a duty as
a mother.

23 This brings me to the next point. I was of the view that the husband was
domineering. I accepted that the younger children were sleeping with him at
night because he had insisted on this. In my view it would be in these
children’s interest that the parent who was not domineering should have care
and control of them. Furthermore, if they remained with their father, there
was a risk that they would become distant from their mother even with access
being given to her. On the other hand, as their mother was not domineering and
had even given in to their father’s wish that they sleep with him at night in
the past, there was much less of a risk that they would grow distant from
their father, although they might not be as close to him as before since they
would be living in a separate household from him.

24 In the circumstances, I granted care and control of the two younger
children and the eldest child to the wife with access to the husband.

25 As mentioned above, the husband filed Summons 682 for a variation. By then,
he was acting in person. The primary relief he sought was to have care and
control of the two younger children. The wife filed Summons 1464.

26 The husband said that the wife moved out of the matrimonial home on 13
January 2014. By then the two younger children were 12 and 10 years old.

27 The husband said that, on the day the wife moved out, the school bus vendor
refused to accept the wife’s instruction on a change of location to drop off
the daughter as he was the one who had been liaising with the vendor.

28 The wife was at the daughter’s school to pick up the daughter but the
daughter refused to return with her mother. The husband had been called to
school by a vice principal to clarify the school bus arrangement and he
claimed that he spoke to the daughter about going to a new house but she
insisted on returning with him. The wife refused to let the daughter leave
with the father. The police were called in. Eventually, the husband told the
daughter that she had to go back with her mother and he left the school at
about 3pm.

29 In the meantime, the wife had asked her father-in-law to pick up the second
son from his school (as the two children studied at different places). That
son too refused to go to his mother’s house. The husband sent his domestic
helper to school to talk to the second son but without success. So the husband
rushed to the school at about 3.55pm and brought him back to the matrimonial
home where the husband was still residing. The wife was not at this school at
4pm. At 7.30pm that night, the wife arrived at the matrimonial home with the
police. The second son still refused to go with his mother. In the end, the
police and the wife left without the second son.

30 I need not set out the husband’s allegations about the events from 14 to 16
January 2014. In short he alleged that the two younger children wanted to be
under his care. He claimed that they were not as happy as before.

31 He alleged that the police should not have been involved and the children
were unhappy about a new arrangement whereby the school would escort them to
the school bus which would bring them to the location of the wife’s residence.
The children were being neglected in the wife’s care.

32 The wife’s version was that it was the husband who instigated and forced
the two younger children to go back to the matrimonial home to stay with him.
He would also bribe them to do as he wished.

33 The wife said that the husband had married again. His new spouse had moved
into the matrimonial home in late November 2013, before the wife and the
children moved out. This was unpleasant for the wife who would have moved out
earlier but she needed time to view various properties before eventually
buying an HDB maisonette. Some time had also to be spent on minimum
renovations.

34 In the meantime, the wife said she did not insist on her right to have care
and control of the two younger children pursuant to my original order of 12
July 2013 until she moved out as she did not want to make things difficult for
the younger children as the husband would still insist on his way.

35 After hearing various arguments on the filing of affidavits and Summons 682
and Summons 1464, I directed on 21 May 2014 that a social welfare report be
done to assist me to decide whether to vary my original order on care and
control for the two younger children. The eventual report is dated 5 September
2014. Its contents are confidential and are available to the court only.

36 After considering the welfare report, I heard the parties again on 3
October 2014. By then there were other developments which I will elaborate on
later.

37 I made various orders on Summons 1464 and dismissed Summons 682.

38 It may be that there are certain advantages that the husband could offer
the two younger children such as:

(a) the matrimonial home was a bigger place and had more rooms and a garden.
It was therefore a more familiar and more physically comfortable place to
them;

(b) the husband could drive them around in his car while they had to take
public transport or a taxi with the wife; and

(c) the husband could afford to buy them more expensive gifts.

(%2) However, he was still busy with his full-time job and had to travel
occasionally.

39 The husband’s new spouse was pregnant. Therefore, even if she might be
available to help to care for the two younger children, I was of the view that
it would not be safe to assume that she would be able to care for her newborn
and the two younger children even with domestic help.

40 I was also not persuaded that the wife was the irresponsible mother that
the husband was painting her out to be or that the two younger children
disliked staying with her as much as the husband wanted the court to believe
or at all.

41 The wife appeared to have the support of her in-laws or at least her
father-in-law. As the husband himself had admitted, the father-in-law was the
one who went to the school of the second son on 13 January 2014 to fetch him
to the wife’s residence. The father-in-law went there at the wife’s request.
If she was as irresponsible or if the children disliked being with her as much
as the husband wanted the court to believe, it was unlikely that she would
receive help from her father-in-law who was apparently closer to her than to
his own son.

42 As for the husband’s allegation that the wife was not even at the second
son’s school by 4pm of 13 January 2014, it should be remembered that the wife
was having difficulties that same afternoon to persuade the daughter at her
school to go home with her. As the husband had left the daughter at her school
to return home with the wife, he could go to the school of the second son. The
wife would be busy trying to bring the daughter home and staying with her at
home to comfort her.

43 The husband also accused the wife of failing to be strict with the elder
son. He blamed the wife for that son’s refusal to attend a polytechnic and for
giving him $700 a month only. As a result, the elder son was asking the
husband to pay that son’s maintenance directly to him. These were the new
developments I mentioned above. Consequently, the husband suggested that he be
allowed to pay that son’s maintenance directly to him instead of paying it to
the wife.

44 The wife said that the elder son was unhappy with her because they had
argued over his girlfriend. The wife was having a difficult time with him.

45 I found the husband’s suggestion to pay the maintenance for the elder son
directly to him telling. He was accusing the wife of not being strict enough
with the elder son and yet he was quick to make that suggestion. It did not
dawn on him that that suggestion might undermine her authority. Furthermore,
the $700 a month which the wife was giving the son was not a paltry sum.

46 It was also telling that for all the husband’s concern for the elder son,
the husband was not asking for care and control of this son. The wife was the
one who was saddled with this responsibility. I was sad to learn that that son
was no longer going to a polytechnic. When I had a conversation with him
previously, he seemed to be mature to some extent. It seems to me that his
parents’ disagreements have taken a toll on him but he also has to take some
responsibility for his situation. In the meantime, the parents should avoid
allowing him to play one against the other.

47 As for the two younger children, there was no dismay from them when I last
broached with them the possibility of their staying with their mother. Whether
or not they appeared to prefer to be with their father, they appeared to still
love their mother then.

48 I was of the view that the husband was the cause of the current state of
affairs. It was clear to me that he had a great deal of influence over the two
younger children, although I could not say whether that was due to their fear
of or love for him or both. If he was prepared to tell them sincerely to stick
to the arrangements for care and control under my original order and to assure
them that he still loved them, they would not insist on returning to his
residence after school. This would then avoid the need to have the school
escorting each of them to the school bus and thus avoid any embarrassment for
them. When I last spoke with them, they came across as sweet young children
who were not defiant. In my view, he had instigated them to go back to him.
Perhaps he is afraid that they will become closer to the wife. Whatever the
reason, it is in his power not to create the unhealthy situation which has
arisen. If he is not careful, the two younger children may eventually become
defiant teenagers who resent both their mother and him.

49 In the circumstances, I was of the view that there was no reason to vary my
order so as to allow the husband care and control.

50 I was also of the view that his alternative request for split care and
control would confuse these children as to whom they should be listening to.
Furthermore, in view of his domineering character, a split care and control
order was likely to encourage him to continue to insist on his views.

51 As for counselling for the parties and the children, the husband did not
give any specific reason why the court should make such an order. Neither did
he press for this relief. It seemed to me that it was not the wife or the two
younger children who needed counselling. He himself needed to adjust. However,
if the parties voluntarily wanted to have counselling for themselves and the
children, that is a different matter. Counselling for the elder son was also a
different matter unrelated to the issue of care and control of the two younger
children.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Dec 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

