Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Grains and Industrial Products Trading Pte Ltd _v_ Bank of India and
another  
[2014] SGHC 274

Case Number| :| Suit No 802 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 December 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Kim Shin JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Winston Kwek, Winston Wong and Max Lim (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff; Sarjit Singh Gill, Probin Dass and Ng
Wenling (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the first defendant; Tan Teng Muan and Loh
Li Qin (Mallal & Namazie) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Grains and Industrial Products Trading Pte Ltd — Bank of India
and another  
  
30 December 2014|  
---|---  
  
Lee Kim Shin JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Grains and Industrial Products Trading Pte Ltd, is a company
within the Bunge group of companies and it is responsible for the Bunge
group’s trade and structured finance functions in Singapore. Suit No 802 of
2012 (“S 802”) was a claim by the plaintiff for sums allegedly owing to it
under a letter of credit issued by the second defendant, Indian Bank (“the
Indian Bank LC”), and under which the first defendant, Bank of India, was
named as “Nominated Bank”.

2 The Indian Bank LC was issued by the second defendant on 24 February 2012.
The initial credit amount was US$6,500,000.91. This was amended twice, to
US$8,299,995.51 on 27 February 2012, and to the final amount of
US$9,993,239.54 on 29 February 2012. The Indian Bank LC had an expiry date of
25 March 2012. The Indian Bank LC was stated to be available by acceptance
with the first defendant. The Indian Bank LC was governed by the _Uniform
Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (2007 Revision)_ (International
Chamber of Commerce Publication No 600) (“UCP 600”), this being a set of rules
expressly incorporated into the Indian Bank LC.

3 On 15 March 2012, the plaintiff sent the documents required under the Indian
Bank LC (“the LC Documents”) for presentation to the first defendant through
Standard Chartered Bank. Standard Chartered Bank was the plaintiff’s
Collecting Bank. The first defendant received the LC Documents the next day,
16 March 2012, that is, prior to the expiry date of the Indian Bank LC. The
first defendant then transmitted the LC Documents to the second defendant on
18 April 2012, after the expiry date of the Indian Bank LC. On 19 April 2012,
the second defendant notified the first defendant that it was rejecting the LC
Documents and would not honour the Indian Bank LC on the grounds of late
negotiation and expiry of the Indian Bank LC.

4 On 25 September 2012, the plaintiff instituted S 802 against the first and
second defendants.

5 The plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant was based upon the first
defendant being the “Confirming Bank” and/or the “Negotiating Bank” under the
Indian Bank LC, in addition to being the “Nominated Bank”. Pertinently, the
plaintiff alleged that the first defendant had orally agreed to confirm and/or
honour and/or negotiate the Indian Bank LC during a telephone conversation
between the plaintiff’s Mr Bhasi and the first defendant’s Mr Prabhu on 24
February 2012 (“the 24 February 2012 Telephone Conversation”).

6 Alternatively, the plaintiff claimed that the first defendant was the
Confirming Bank because the second defendant had asked the first defendant to
confirm the Indian Bank LC and the first defendant had not informed the second
defendant that it was not prepared to do so.

7 To the extent that the first defendant was alleged to be the Confirming
Bank, the plaintiff claimed the full amount of US$9,993,239.54 against the
first defendant. To the extent that the first defendant was alleged to be the
Negotiating Bank, the plaintiff claimed the discounted amount of
US$9,890,408.63 against the first defendant. This was on the basis that the
first defendant had allegedly agreed to discount the Indian Bank LC as part of
negotiating it.

8 The plaintiff’s claim against the second defendant was based on the second
defendant’s liability as the Issuing Bank under the Indian Bank LC. The
plaintiff asserted that because a complying presentation of the LC Documents
had been made to the Nominated Bank (that is, the first defendant) within the
validity period of the Indian Bank LC, the second defendant was obliged to
honour the Indian Bank LC and pay the plaintiff the full amount of
US$9,993,239.54.

9 The first and second defendants also filed a claim and a counterclaim
against one another respectively. The first defendant claimed an indemnity or
contribution from the second defendant in the event that it was found to be
liable to the plaintiff as the Confirming Bank or the Negotiating Bank under
the Indian Bank LC. The second defendant, on the other hand, counterclaimed
for an indemnity or contribution from the first defendant in the event that it
was found to be liable to the plaintiff as the Issuing Bank, for various
alleged breaches of the first defendant’s obligations under the Indian Bank
LC.

**My Decision**

10 On 21 July 2014, I delivered a brief oral judgment where I:

(a) dismissed the plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant;

(b) allowed the plaintiff’s claim against the second defendant with interest
to run from the date of the judgment;

(c) dismissed the second defendant’s counterclaim against the first defendant;
and

(d) made no order on the first defendant’s claim against the second defendant.

11 On 22 August 2014, I delivered my decision on the remaining issues of pre-
judgment interest and costs. I was not satisfied that the plaintiff had made
out a case for pre-judgment interest to be awarded and therefore made no order
on this. As for costs, my orders were as follows:

(a) the plaintiff shall pay the first defendant’s costs in defending the
plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant from the date of the writ to the
date of the judgment, to be taxed if not agreed.

(b) the second defendant shall pay the first defendant’s costs in defending
the second defendant’s counterclaim against the first defendant from the date
of the counterclaim to the date of the judgment, to be taxed if not agreed;
and

(c) the second defendant shall pay the plaintiff’s costs in prosecuting its
claim against the second defendant from the date of the writ to the date of
the judgment, to be taxed if not agreed.

12 I was not minded to make a _Bullock_ or a _Sanderson_ order, such as to
require the second defendant to pay or contribute towards the plaintiff’s
costs in prosecuting its claim against the first defendant.

13 The plaintiff has since filed an appeal against my decision to dismiss its
claim against the first defendant and my orders on pre-judgment interest and
costs. The second defendant has filed a cross-appeal against the whole of my
decision. I therefore set out the grounds of my decision in full.

The Plaintiff’s Claim against the First Defendant

14 The plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant depended on whether the
first defendant was the Confirming Bank and/or the Negotiating Bank under the
Indian Bank LC. This was critical because if the first defendant had not
assumed either of these roles, the first defendant would not have incurred any
liability towards the plaintiff to honour or negotiate the Indian Bank LC.
This flows from the plain language of Art 12 of UCP 600, which provides as
follows:

Nomination

a. _Unless a nominated bank is the confirming bank, an authorization to honour
or negotiate does not impose any obligation on that nominated bank to honour
or negotiate, except when expressly agreed to by that nominated bank and so
communicated to the beneficiary_.

b. By nominating a bank to accept a draft or incur a deferred payment
undertaking, an issuing bank authorizes that nominated bank to prepay or
purchase a draft accepted or a deferred payment undertaking incurred by that
nominated bank.

c. Receipt or examination and forwarding documents by a nominated bank that is
not a confirming bank does not make that nominated bank liable to honour or
negotiate, nor does it constitute honour or negotiation.

[emphasis added]

15 It is also instructive to refer to the definition of “Confirming Bank” set
out in Art 2 of UCP 600:

Confirming bank means the bank that adds its confirmation to a credit upon the
issuing bank’s authorization or request.

16 “Confirmation” is in turn defined in Art 2 of UCP 600 to mean:

Confirmation _means a definite undertaking of the confirming bank_ , in
addition to that of the issuing bank, _to honour or negotiate a complying
presentation_.

[emphasis added]

The Alleged Oral Agreement

17 In this respect, the plaintiff’s principal case at trial hinged on whether
the first defendant had orally agreed to confirm, honour or negotiate the
Indian Bank LC, within the meaning of Art 2 of UCP 600, during the 24 February
2012 Telephone Conversation between the plaintiff’s Mr Bhasi and the first
defendant’s Mr Prabhu.

The subject matter of the 24 February 2012 Telephone Conversation

18 The obvious difficulty with this part of the plaintiff’s case was that the
24 February 2012 Telephone Conversation related to a different letter of
credit, issued by Bank of Baroda (“the Bank of Baroda LC”) instead of Indian
Bank. Therefore, even if an oral agreement to confirm, honour or negotiate had
been reached on 24 February 2012, the agreement would have been in relation to
the Bank of Baroda LC and not the Indian Bank LC.

19 When this was put to Mr Bhasi in cross-examination, he agreed that the 24
February 2012 Telephone Conversation concerned the Bank of Baroda LC. However,
he suggested for the first time in the proceedings that there was a second
telephone conversation between himself and Mr Prabhu sometime between 24
February and 1 March 2012 (“the Second Alleged Telephone Conversation”).
According to Mr Bhasi, the first defendant had agreed to confirm, honour or
negotiate the Indian Bank LC during the Second Alleged Telephone Conversation.
When the plaintiff’s other witnesses, Mr Chew and Ms Yeo later took the stand,
they too, incredibly, sang from the same hymn sheet.

20 I did not believe their evidence. To begin with, the Second Alleged
Telephone Conversation was never pleaded by the plaintiff. None of the
affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEICs”) of Mr Bhasi, Ms Yeo and Mr Chew make
any mention of the Second Alleged Telephone Conversation even though this was
clearly an important fact given the plaintiff’s case. In my view, Mr Bhasi had
fabricated his evidence relating to the Second Alleged Telephone Conversation
on the stand upon his realisation then that there was a missing link between
the alleged oral agreement concluded during the 24 February 2012 Telephone
Conversation and the Indian Bank LC. Unfortunately, the plaintiff’s other
witnesses elected to latch upon Mr Bhasi’s concoction when they gave their
evidence.

21 In any event, their evidence on the Second Alleged Telephone Conversation
was far from unequivocal. Mr Bhasi himself testified that there _may_ have
been a second telephone conversation but he could not be sure. Nor could he
recall what was discussed during the Second Alleged Telephone Conversation. Ms
Yeo, on the other hand, barely asserted that Mr Bhasi must have spoken to Mr
Prabhu. However, she was not in a position to testify as to the contents of
the Second Alleged Telephone Conversation because she did not participate in
it. Likewise, Mr Chew’s evidence added a further layer of hearsay to the issue
of the Second Alleged Telephone Conversation. Mr Chew’s evidence was that Ms
Yeo had told him about a discussion which she had with Mr Bhasi about a
conversation which Mr Bhasi had with Mr Prabhu. However, Mr Chew later shifted
his position and claimed that Ms Yeo had not told him about the Second Alleged
Telephone Conversation. Instead, he had inferred that such a conversation must
have occurred based on Ms Yeo’s email to Mr Prabhu dated 1 March 2012 where
she made a “revised offer” in relation to the Indian Bank LC.

Relevance of evidence of subsequent conduct

22 In closing submissions, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Winston Kwek (“Mr
Kwek”), did not really contend that the Second Alleged Telephone Conversation
had taken place. Instead, Mr Kwek submitted that there could be no doubt that
the Indian Bank LC was in fact the subject matter of the oral agreement
reached during the 24 February 2012 Telephone Conversation based on the
_subsequent conduct_ of the plaintiff and the first defendant. I did not agree
with this submission.

23 In _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“ _Zurich Insurance_ ”), the Court
of Appeal made the following observations at [132(d)] on the relevance of the
contracting parties’ subsequent conduct on the issue of contractual
interpretation:

The extrinsic evidence in question is admissible so long as it is relevant,
reasonably available to all the contracting parties and relates to a clear or
obvious context … However, the principle of objectively ascertaining
contractual intention(s) remains paramount. _Thus, the extrinsic evidence must
always go towards proof of what the parties, from an objective viewpoint,
ultimately agreed upon_. Further, where extrinsic evidence in the form of
prior negotiations and subsequent conduct is concerned … there should be no
absolute or rigid prohibition against evidence of previous negotiations or
subsequent conduct, although, in the normal case, such evidence is likely to
be inadmissible for non-compliance with the [requirement that extrinsic
evidence must go towards proving what the parties had objectively agreed
upon]. (We should add that the relevance of subsequent conduct remains a
controversial and evolving topic that will require more extensive scrutiny by
this court at a more appropriate juncture.) …

[emphasis added]

24 While _Zurich Insurance_ was concerned with the issue of contractual
_interpretation_ , I am of the view that the principles enunciated there on
the relevance of evidence of subsequent conduct can be properly applied to the
issue of contract _formation_ , which, like contractual interpretation, turns
on the intentions of the contracting parties objectively ascertained. This was
also the view of the Singapore High Court in _Bridgeman Pte Ltd v Dukim
International Pte Ltd_ [2013] SGHC 220. Having noted that the cases
authorities were not clear on the issue, Lai Siu Chu J observed at [14]–[16]
that:

14 Although _Zurich Insurance_ concerned the interpretation of a contract, I
am of the view that the principles enunciated there can equally apply to the
present case. Like the interpretation of contractual terms, the ascertainment
of the terms of a contract involves an inquiry as to what the parties had
objectively and ostensibly agreed upon. As contractual terms are to be
determined at the time the contract was entered into, evidence of subsequent
conduct would usually be irrelevant to this exercise, and therefore,
_inadmissible as direct evidence of contractual terms_.

15 However, as neither party made submissions on this issue, I am prepared to
assume that evidence of subsequent conduct is admissible as direct proof of
contractual terms. This however, is subject to the caveat that the subsequent
conduct relied upon must be unequivocal evidence of the existence of the
alleged contractual term.

16 For completeness, I would add that evidence of subsequent conduct would
also be relevant [in] assessing the credibility of a witness. This is a
pertinent point in cases like the present where the contract was not in
writing and where the parties’ versions of the terms of the contract are
diametrically opposite.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

25 I agree with these observations. Where an oral agreement is alleged and
sought to be proven by oral evidence given at trial, it would be unrealistic
to assert that evidence of subsequent conduct should be inadmissible to
determine the veracity of that oral evidence. Therefore, at some level at
least, the existence of an oral agreement can be inferred from the conduct of
the parties, both before and after the time the oral contract was allegedly
concluded.

26 In this regard, reference may also be made to the following observations of
the Court of Appeal in _OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd v Wong Hua Choon_
[2012] 4 SLR 1206 (“ _OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd_ ”) at [37], where the
court explained the relevant issue which the court must grapple with in
determining whether an oral contract existed:

The decision of this court in relation to this particular issue turns on the
answer to one straightforward question: Do the _objective facts_ demonstrate
that the parties had entered into a binding oral contract at the 23 June 2009
meeting, or do they support, instead, the opposite conclusion ...

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

27 What is clearer, however, is that the court must be concerned with what the
parties had objectively intended _at the time_ the oral contract is alleged to
have been formed. In this regard, evidence of subsequent conduct cannot be
used to add to, vary or contradict the terms of the oral contract once the
contract is formed. In applying the foregoing principles to the present case,
I find that the plaintiff could not prove that the Indian Bank LC was in fact
the subject matter of the 24 February 2012 Telephone Conversation based on the
subsequent conduct of the parties.

The materiality of the identity of the Issuing Bank under the alleged oral
agreement

28 Mr Kwek submitted that the identity of the Issuing Bank was immaterial
under the oral agreement concluded during the 24 February 2012 Telephone
Conversation. This was because the second defendant, like Bank of Baroda, was
an Indian nationalised bank. In my view, there was no merit in this
submission. In this regard, it was not disputed that the 24 February 2012
Telephone Conversation related to the Bank of Baroda LC only. The plaintiff
adduced no evidence to show that the first defendant had agreed, during the 24
February 2012 Telephone Conversation, to confirm, honour or negotiate _any_
letter of credit so long as it was issued by an Indian nationalised bank. I
should also add that under cross-examination, Mr Bhasi agreed that it would be
open to the first defendant to refuse to deal with the second defendant under
the Indian Bank LC.

29 In so far as the plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant was premised
upon the first defendant having orally agreed to confirm, honour or negotiate
the Indian Bank LC, the only oral agreement alleged was the one concluded
during the 24 February 2012 Telephone Conversation. It was not alleged that
the first defendant had agreed to confirm, honour or negotiate the Indian Bank
LC at some point after this. In my judgment, and for the reasons which I have
already given, the fact that the 24 February 2012 Telephone Conversation
related to a different letter of credit was fatal to the plaintiff’s case on
this claim.

Whether an oral agreement was concluded during the 24 February 2012 Telephone
Conversation

30 Even if I were wrong on this point, in that the subject matter of the
alleged oral agreement concluded during the 24 February 2012 Telephone
Conversation was indeed the Indian Bank LC, the plaintiff’s claim against the
first defendant remained untenable. This was because the plaintiff did not
discharge its burden of proving the oral agreement it had alleged.

31 A critical piece of evidence in this regard, by reason of its
contemporaneity, is an email sent by Ms Yeo to Mr Prabhu on 24 February 2012,
shortly after the 24 February 2012 Telephone Conversation. The relevant
portions of Ms Yeo’s email read as follows:

Further to your discussion with our [Mr Bhasi], _this email offer_ is to
confirm in writing the pricing and other terms and conditions pertaining to
the confirmation and discounting of the following Instrument (as defined
below) on a without recourse basis.

_Please provide your confirmation and agreement to the offer and procedures_
within the next 2 business days by confirming your acceptance over return
email to the above addresses.

[emphasis added]

32 In cross-examination, Ms Yeo claimed that she had sent this email to Mr
Prabhu to “record” the terms of the oral agreement which was concluded during
the 24 February 2012 Telephone Conversation. She insisted that her email was a
mere formality based on a standard template employed by the plaintiff and it
did not beg or require any acceptance from the first defendant.

33 Ms Yeo’s evidence was tenuous based on the plain meaning of the words she
had used in her email. In my view, Ms Yeo’s email was what it said it was – an
_offer_ to the first defendant to take up confirming and discounting the
Indian Bank LC on the terms proposed by the plaintiff. It was clear to me that
the email did not merely record the terms of an oral agreement concluded
during the 24 February 2012 Telephone Conversation as alleged by Ms Yeo.

34 In closing submissions, Mr Kwek urged me not to place excessive weight on
the legal meaning of the words Ms Yeo had used in her email. Mr Kwek cited the
decision of _OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd_ , where the Court of Appeal
observed at [41] that:

... where the witnesses themselves are not legally trained, counsel ought not
– as the Respondent’s counsel sought to do in oral submissions before this
court – to forensically parse the words they use as if they were words in a
statute. ...

35 I did not think that the Court of Appeal’s _dicta_ assisted Mr Kwek’s
argument. To begin with, it should be noted that the Court of Appeal went on
to observe in the same paragraph of its judgment that:

... There is, however, no magic formula in determining the appropriate weight
that should be given to witness testimony. Much would depend on the precise
factual matrix before the court. _However, it bears reiterating that the court
would always look first to the most reliable and objective evidence as to
whether or not a binding contract was entered into between the parties and
such evidence would tend to be documentary in nature_.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

36 Furthermore, Ms Yeo did not testify that she did not understand the legal
meaning of the words “offer” and “acceptance”. In any event, if she had given
evidence to that effect, I would not have believed it. Ms Yeo was a regional
director in the Trade & Finance Department of the Financial Services Group of
Bunge Agribusiness Singapore Pte Ltd (“Bunge Singapore”). She had worked for
Bunge Singapore for ten years. She worked at Standard Chartered Bank
previously. She graduated from the National University of Singapore with a
degree in business administration, in which she admitted to having studied a
law module. In my judgment, Ms Yeo knew the legal meaning of the words “offer”
and “acceptance”. Her use of the words “email offer” was inconsistent with her
testimony that an oral agreement had been concluded during the 24 February
2012 Telephone Conversation.

37 Moreover, the plaintiff’s contention that an oral agreement to confirm,
honour or negotiate the Indian Bank LC was concluded on 24 February 2012 was
belied by the correspondence flowing between the plaintiff and the first
defendant after that date.

38 On 27 February 2012, the first defendant sent a letter to the plaintiff to
advise the plaintiff of the Indian Bank LC. Pertinently, the first defendant
added the following caveat:

Please note that this letter does not constitute a confirmation of the credit
on our part. …

...

We shall be glad to consider negotiating documents / drafts drawn in
compliance with the terms and conditions of the letter of credit. We have
pleasure in stating that we are prepared, at our option, to negotiate /
discount bills drawn in compliance with the terms of the credit, but this
advice carries no undertaking on the part of this branch. …

39 On 28 February 2012, the first defendant sent a letter to the plaintiff to
advise the plaintiff of an amendment to the amount of the Indian Bank LC.
Again, the first defendant reiterated as follows:

Please note that this letter does not constitute a confirmation of the credit
on our part. …

40 On 1 March 2012, Ms Yeo sent an email titled “Revised Offer: change in
Issuing Bank” to Mr Prabhu to note the change in the issuing bank from Bank of
Baroda to the second defendant. In her email, Ms Yeo attached her email to Mr
Prabhu of 24 February 2014 (see [31] above) and stated that:

All other terms and conditions stipulated _in our offer_ below remained
unchanged. _Please accept_ via return email.

[emphasis added]

41 Given the first defendant’s letters to the plaintiff on 27 and 28 February
2012, I am of the view that if Ms Yeo had genuinely believed that an oral
agreement to confirm, honour or negotiate the Indian Bank LC had been
concluded between the plaintiff and the first defendant on 24 February 2012,
she would not have couched her email of 1 March 2012 in that manner. Instead,
she would have objected to the first defendant’s letters on the basis that the
first defendant had already agreed to conform, honour or negotiate the Indian
Bank LC.

42 On 2 March 2012, the first defendant sent a letter to the plaintiff to
advise it of a further amendment to the amount of the Indian Bank LC. Again,
the first defendant’s letter stated that “this letter does not constitute a
confirmation of the credit on our part”. Again, Ms Yeo did not object.

43 Mr Prabhu did not reply to Ms Yeo’s “revised email offer” sent on 1 March
2012. On 10 April 2012, which was more than a month later, and after the
Indian Bank LC had expired, Ms Yeo sent a follow-up email to Mr Prabhu,
referring to her 1 March 2012 email, and stated:

Hi Mr Prabhu

Can you please accept ?

Under cross-examination, Ms Yeo testified that she was not asking Mr Prabhu to
accept the terms of her email offer or her subsequent revised offer. She said
that this was not necessary because Mr Bhasi had already reached an oral
agreement with Mr Prabhu on 24 February 2012. Instead, she merely wanted a
“file copy” for her reference. I did not believe this part of her evidence.

The State Bank of India LCs

44 In closing submissions, Mr Kwek also referred to a previous letter of
credit transaction between the plaintiff and the first defendant regarding two
letters of credit issued by the State Bank of India (“the SBI LCs”). Mr Kwek
submitted that the evidence showed that the same _modus operandi_ had been
used in respect of the SBI LCs and the Indian Bank LC. In particular, Mr Kwek
said that Mr Prabhu had orally agreed to confirm, negotiate or discount the
SBI LCs in a telephone conversation with Mr Bhasi on 18 January 2012, and on
the same day, Ms Yeo had emailed Mr Prabhu to record the terms of the parties’
agreement. The material parts of Ms Yeo’s email dated 18 January 2012 read as
follows:

Further to your discussion with our Mr Shrikant, this email offer is to
confirm in writing the pricing and other terms and conditions pertaining to
the confirmation and discounting of the following instrument (as defined
below) on a without recourse basis.

Please provide your confirmation and agreement to the offer and procedures
within the next 2 business days by confirming your acceptance over return
email to the above addressees.

45 In my judgment, Mr Kwek’s submission was misconceived because it totally
ignored the fact that Mr Prabhu had, on 20 January 2012, replied in writing to
Ms Yeo’s email to _confirm_ that the first defendant was prepared to negotiate
or discount the SBI LCs. The material parts of Mr Prabhu’s email in reply read
as follows:

We confirm negotiation/discounting of the L/Cs at L+275 bps. …

_For adding confirmation we shall not be able to do the same presently. Once
current account is opened by your company with us and the transactions are
routed through us we may later on take up the same_. …

[emphasis added]

46 Therefore, the factual circumstances surrounding the SBI LCs were
fundamentally different from those surrounding the Indian Bank LC. Mr Prabhu
did not reply in writing to Ms Yeo to confirm negotiation or discounting the
Indian Bank LC. Far from corroborating the plaintiff’s allegation that an oral
agreement had been reached during the 24 February 2012 Telephone Conversation,
the facts relating to the SBI LCs actually contradicted it.

The current account requirement

47 In his AEIC, Mr Prabhu deposed that he would not have agreed to confirm,
honour or negotiate the Indian Bank LC during the 24 February 2014 Telephone
Conversation and did not, in fact, do so. This was because the first defendant
did not wish to entertain further letter of credit transactions until the
plaintiff had opened a current account with the first defendant and thereby
become a customer of the first defendant. This requirement flowed from cl 7.1
of the first defendant’s internal Manual of Instructions which provides as
follows:

When Documentary Export collection bills are received by us, it should first
be confirmed that the drawer is a customer of our bank, and that the covering
schedule…is signed by an authorised representative of the company. This aspect
should be importantly ensured, since the schedule contains various rights and
privileges conferred on us in consideration of our receiving the drafts and
documents for handling as per the customer’s instructions, and hence the
mandate given to the Bank can be valid only if it is given by an official of
the Company authorised for that purpose.

Mr Prabhu also deposed that he had informed Mr Bhasi of this requirement.

48 Mr Prabhu’s evidence on this point was credible and supported by the
objective evidence in the present case. The requirement of having to open a
current account was first communicated by Mr Prabhu to Ms Yeo in his email
dated 20 January 2012 in relation to the SBI LCs (see [45] above). Ms Yeo
replied on the same day to acknowledge this in the following terms:

_Since we have not opened the account with your bank and it is a requirement_
, we will proceed with this deal without confirmation first. Kindly send us
the account opening forms so that my colleagues can proceed to start the
opening of accounts.

[emphasis added]

49 On 22 March 2012, Mr Prabhu sent a further email to the plaintiff’s Mr
Bangera in relation to the Indian Bank LC to say:

Today I tried to call you, I think you were not available. Regarding the
opening of CD account, we had a discussion and it may not be possible if the
account opening form is modified for us to open the account.

Regarding the L/C discounting, we may take up the same once the CD account is
opened. Kindly ensure that the CD account is opened at the earliest so that we
may take this issue forward.

50 On 16 April 2012, Mr Chew sent an email to Mr Prabhu stating that:

As discussed with Mr Alam, we will like BOI Spore to discount the LC
immediately and keep our discounted proceed with BOI spore until we have
gotten our account opened with BOI spore. Thereafter we have gotten the
account open with BOI Spore, we will instruct BOI to remit the discounted
proceed to our Cash Management Bank (either Standard Chartered Spore or JPM)

51 The evidence also showed that between 24 February 2012 and 16 April 2012,
the plaintiff had attempted to open a current account with the first defendant
but was unsuccessful in doing so because of the plaintiff’s attempts to amend
the first defendant’s standard account opening forms and conditions. Instead,
the plaintiff only opened a current account with the first defendant on 20
April 2012.

52 The plaintiff’s witnesses were evasive when they were cross-examined on
this issue. Ms Yeo denied that the opening of a current account with the first
defendant was a requirement to be fulfilled before the first defendant would
agree to undertake transactions relating to the Indian Bank LC. She initially
claimed that she was merely following Mr Prabhu’s email dated 20 January 2012
(see [45] above) when she used the word “requirement” in her reply (see [48]
above). Ms Yeo’s evidence was patently untrue because Mr Prabhu had not used
the word “requirement” in his email.

53 Thereafter, Ms Yeo insisted that the requirement of opening a current
account with the first defendant was not linked to letter of credit
transactions but to other banking business between the plaintiff and the first
defendant instead:

Q:So the word “requirement” came from you, right?

A:Yes, sorry.

Q:And obviously told to you by [Mr Bhasi] that it was a requirement that you
open a current account before the bank will confirm, correct?

A:Not confirm, but for business relationship, for banking relationship for
future --

Q:For future business, correct?

A:Yes.

Q:Does the Bank of Baroda L/C, which you say was converted to an Indian Bank
L/C, fall within the future business that you are talking about?

A:No, as far as I understand from [Mr Bhasi], it’s -- other business means,
you know, maybe deposit or whatever, not on confirmation, not on L/Cs.

54 I did not believe Ms Yeo’s explanation. It was clear from the
contemporaneous documentary evidence that the requirement of opening a current
account with the first defendant was linked to future letter of credit
transactions.

55 As for Mr Chew, he initially denied that Mr Prabhu was telling the
plaintiff that the first defendant would not discount the Indian LC until the
current account was opened when Mr Prabhu used the words “[k]indly ensure that
the CD account is opened at the earliest so that we may take this issue
forward” in his email to Mr Bangera on 22 March 2012 (see [49] above).
However, Mr Chew eventually conceded that this was in fact what Mr Prabhu had
meant:

Q:It says that the bank will take up L/C discounting once the current account
is opened. Doesn’t it say that?

A:Yeah, they will discount if the L/C is -- if the account is opened.

Q:Yes. It will discount if the account is opened, correct? That’s your own
words, it’s been recorded.

A:Yes.

56 In closing submissions, Mr Kwek submitted that the opening of a current
account was a separate process altogether from, and not a condition precedent
to, the first defendant agreeing to confirm, negotiate or discount the Indian
Bank LC. Mr Kwek further submitted that the first defendant had attempted to
link the two processes together in the course of their dealings with the
plaintiff to exert pressure on the plaintiff to become their customer. Mr Kwek
said that this pressure became more acute after the plaintiff had presented
the LC Documents to the first defendant on 16 March 2012 and was awaiting
payment by the first defendant.

57 Mr Kwek’s submission was not borne out on the evidence. Conversely, I found
that the plaintiff knew the first defendant would not undertake any
transactions in relation to the Indian Bank LC until the plaintiff had opened
a current account with it. This, in turn, made it improbable that the first
defendant would have orally agreed to confirm, honour or negotiate the Indian
Bank LC during the 24 February 2012 Telephone Conversation.

58 Mr Kwek also relied on the fact that the first defendant had discounted the
SBI LCs to contend that the opening of a current account by the plaintiff was
not a condition precedent to the first defendant undertaking transactions in
relation to the Indian Bank LC. Mr Prabhu’s evidence on this point was that an
exception had been made for the SBI LCs. This was partly because the State
Bank of India had made a direct request to the first defendant to discount the
SBI LCs for the State Bank of India’s “esteemed client” (that is, the
plaintiff), and partly because the first defendant had hoped the plaintiff
would become a customer. Mr Prabhu’s evidence on this point was both cogent
and remained unchallenged during cross-examination. I therefore accepted Mr
Prabhu’s evidence and found that Mr Kwek’s contention was not borne out on the
evidence.

The 18 April 2012 Letter

59 To advance its case that the first defendant was the Negotiating Bank under
the Indian Bank LC, the plaintiff relied extensively on a letter sent by the
first defendant to the second defendant on 18 April 2012 (“the 18 April 2012
Letter”). This letter was prepared by one Ms Kamala who worked for the first
defendant as an assistant manager. In that letter, the first defendant had
stated, “We certify that the amount negotiated has been endorsed on the
reverse of the original credit.”

60 In his AEIC, Mr Prabhu deposed that the 18 April 2012 Letter was the first
defendant’s standard covering letter. He said that the words “[w]e certify
that the amount negotiated has been endorsed on the reverse of the original
credit” should be disregarded because it did not accord with the fact that the
first defendant had never agreed to, and did not in fact negotiate, the Indian
Bank LC.

61 Mr Kwek submitted that since Ms Kamala was not called as a witness in these
proceedings, there was no evidence to establish that the 18 April 2012 Letter
was a standard letter or that it was sent mistakenly. Mr Kwek further
submitted that Mr Prabhu’s evidence on the issue was inherently incredible. Mr
Kwek said that the inescapable conclusion to be drawn from the documentary
evidence was that Ms Kamala must have sighted internal documents of the first
defendant confirming that the first defendant had negotiated the Indian Bank
LC.

62 I did not follow Mr Kwek’s submission. For a start, as counsel for the
first defendant, Mr Sarjit Singh Gill SC (“Mr Gill”), pointed out, the
question of whether the first defendant had negotiated the Indian Bank LC was
to be determined as a matter of fact, in the light of all the circumstances of
the case, and not merely by the label the parties had placed on the
transaction. In this regard, the term “negotiation” is defined by Art 2 of UCP
600 to mean:

... the purchase by the nominated bank of drafts (drawn on a bank other than
the nominated bank) and/or documents under a complying presentation, _by
advancing or agreeing to advance funds_ to the beneficiary on or before the
banking day on which reimbursement is due to the nominated bank.

[emphasis added]

63 It was not disputed that the first defendant did not advance funds to the
plaintiff to purchase drafts or the LC Documents. Instead, the plaintiff’s
case was that the first defendant had agreed to advance such funds. To this
end, the plaintiff’s case was premised solely upon the alleged oral agreement
concluded during the 24 February 2012 Telephone Conversation for the first
defendant to negotiate the Indian Bank LC.

64 In many senses, Mr Kwek’s submissions on the issue suggested that I should
disregard all the other clear and objective evidence in the case which pointed
against the existence of the alleged oral agreement, and to find that an oral
agreement was in fact concluded during the 24 February 2012 Telephone
Conversation based solely on the 18 April 2012 Letter. This was illogical.

65 In relation to the plaintiff’s allegation that the first defendant was the
Negotiating Bank under the Indian Bank LC, Mr Gill also submitted that this
was an afterthought on the plaintiff’s part. I agree. To begin with, the
Indian Bank LC was stated to be available with the first defendant by
acceptance and not by negotiation. Further, in none of the correspondence
between the plaintiff and the first defendant, before the second defendant had
refused to honour the Indian Bank LC, did the plaintiff’s representatives use
the words “negotiate” or “negotiating”. The plaintiff’s representatives used
the words “discount” and “discounting” on multiple occasions instead.

66 It should be noted that discounting and negotiation are different
processes. The difference between them was explained by Chan Seng Onn JC in
_Kredietbank NV v Sinotani Pacific Pte Ltd (Agricultural Bank of China, third
party)_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 274 (at [48]–[49]) in the following terms:

48 Another related question is whether the plaintiffs here merely discounted
the bill drawn by the defendants or had they negotiated the LC. As I
understand it, “discounting” means the discounting bank advancing or lending
money after the bill has been accepted, which becomes the security for the
advancement or loan, and upon failure of that security, there is recourse to
the borrower for reimbursement of the moneys advanced or lent. _A discounting
transaction is in fact a separate “side” transaction outside the credit to
which the issuing bank is not privy to_.

49 Whereas “negotiation” under a credit in its technical and legal sense,
within the meaning of the UCP 500, generally means giving value to or
purchasing the bill usually prior to acceptance and making payment to the
beneficiary without recourse, after the negotiating bank is satisfied that the
documents tendered for negotiation are in compliance with the credit. Here,
the negotiating bank relies purely on the creditworthiness of the issuing
bank, and the negotiating bank can no longer look towards the seller of the
bill for reimbursement, should the issuing bank fail to pay under the credit.
_A negotiation is a transaction under the credit, to which the issuing bank is
privy to_ , because the negotiation by that bank will have to be first
authorised or allowed under the credit. ...

[emphasis added]

67 To put this simply, while negotiation is a transaction under a letter of
credit, discounting is a transaction separate from the letter of credit, to
which the Issuing Bank is not privy.

68 Even after the second defendant had refused to honour the Indian Bank LC,
the plaintiff did not initially assert that the first defendant had negotiated
the Indian Bank LC:

(a) In its letter to the second defendant on 27 April 2012, the plaintiff
demanded that the second defendant notify the first defendant of its
“acceptance of the compliant documents presented under the [Indian Bank] LC”.
There was no mention of negotiation.

(b) In its letter to Standard Chartered Bank on 8 May 2012, the plaintiff
asked Standard Chartered Bank to “request the [first defendant] to send their
acceptance at the earliest”. Again, there was no mention of negotiation.

(c) In its letter to the first defendant on 10 May 2012, the plaintiff
asserted that “as the nominated Drawee Bank [the first defendant was] deemed
to have accepted the draft and document presented under the [Indian Bank] LC
on or after the fifth banking day from the date of presentation”. Again, there
was no mention of the first defendant having negotiated the Indian Bank LC.

69 Instead, the plaintiff alleged for the first time that the first defendant
had negotiated the Indian Bank LC on 3 July 2012 when the plaintiff’s
solicitors sent a letter of demand to the first defendant. This was after the
LC Documents had been returned to the plaintiff on 29 May 2012. Based on the
above, it seemed to me that the plaintiff’s allegation that the first
defendant had negotiated the Indian Bank LC was an afterthought, and based
solely on the 18 April 2012 Letter.

70 In the circumstances, I found that the plaintiff had not discharged its
burden of proving the oral agreement which it alleged.

The effect of Art 8(d) of UCP 600

71 The plaintiff also relied on Art 8(d) of UCP 600 to contend that the first
defendant was the Confirming Bank under the Indian Bank LC. Article 8(d) reads
as follows:

Confirming Bank Undertaking

…

d. If a bank is authorized or requested by the issuing bank to confirm a
credit but is not prepared to do so, it must inform the issuing bank without
delay and may advise the credit without confirmation.

72 In this regard, Mr Kwek noted that Field 49 of the Indian Bank LC contained
the message “CONFIRM”. Mr Kwek submitted that this meant that the second
defendant had requested the first defendant to add its confirmation to the
Indian Bank LC. Mr Kwek submitted that because the first defendant had not
informed the second defendant that it was not prepared to confirm the Indian
Bank LC, the first defendant was the Confirming Bank by virtue of Art 8(d) of
UCP 600. In other words, silence constitutes confirmation.

73 I found Mr Kwek’s proffered interpretation of Art 8(d) to be untenable for
two reasons. First, the second defendant’s SWIFT message to the first
defendant only _requested_ that the first defendant confirm the Indian Bank
LC. Without more, I did not see how this was capable of giving rise to a
contractual relationship as between _the plaintiff and the first defendant_.

74 Second, and more importantly, Mr Kwek’s interpretation of Art 8(d) was
inconsistent with Art 12(a) of UCP 600, as well as the definition of
“confirmation” under Art 2 of UCP 600 (see [14]–[16] above). Under Art 12(a)
of UCP 600, a Nominated Bank is not obliged to honour or act on its nomination
“except when _expressly agreed to_ by that nominated bank _and so communicated
to the beneficiary_ ” [emphasis added]. Likewise, under Art 2 of UCP 600,
confirmation requires a “ _definite undertaking_ of the confirming bank, in
addition to that of the issuing bank, to honour or negotiate a complying
presentation” [emphasis added].

75 Reading Art 8(d) together with Arts 2 and 12(a) of UCP 600, it was clear
that a Nominated Bank did not become a Confirming Bank only by virtue of the
fact that it had not informed the Issuing Bank of its unwillingness to confirm
the letter of credit. Instead, the Nominated Bank’s express agreement to
confirm the letter of credit was required and this had to be communicated to
the beneficiary. As discussed at [17]–[70] above, the plaintiff failed to
discharge its burden of proving this.

76 In the circumstances, I dismissed the plaintiff’s claim against the first
defendant.

The Plaintiff’s Claim against the Second Defendant

77 I turn to the plaintiff’s claim against the second defendant as Issuing
Bank under the Indian Bank LC. To this end, the plaintiff contended that
because a complying presentation of the LC Documents was made to the first
defendant, as Nominated Bank, and within the validity period of the Indian
Bank LC, the second defendant was bound to honour the Indian Bank LC as the
Issuing Bank.

78 This was also the first defendant’s position in these proceedings.

79 With regard to the second defendant’s liability as Issuing Bank under the
Indian Bank LC, the operative provision is Art 7(a)(iv) of UCP 600, which
reads as follows:

Issuing Bank Undertaking

a. Provided that the stipulated documents are presented _to the nominated bank
or to the issuing bank_ and that they constitute a complying presentation, the
issuing bank must honour if the credit is available by:

...

iv. acceptance with a nominated bank _and that nominated bank does not accept
a draft drawn on it_ or, having accepted a draft drawn on it, does not pay at
maturity;

[emphasis added]

80 In my judgment, it was clear from Art 7(a)(iv) that if a complying
presentation of documents was made to the Nominated Bank _or_ the Issuing Bank
within the validity period of the letter of credit, the Issuing Bank was
obliged to honour the letter of credit. In this regard, the presentation of
the documents to the Nominated Bank also tolled the expiry date and timelines
under the letter of credit.

81 In the present case, this meant that the second defendant was liable to
honour the Indian Bank LC because a complying presentation of the LC Documents
had been made to the first defendant as Nominated Bank on 16 March 2012, and
this was within the validity period of the Indian Bank LC.

82 The above analysis is supported by the commentary on the issue. In Ali
Malek & David Quest, _Jack: Documentary Credits: The law and practice of
documentary credits including standby credits and demand guarantees_ (Tottel
Publishing, 4th Ed, 2009), it is observed at p 97 that:

_If the credit is expressed to be available with a bank other than the issuing
bank – such a bank being a ‘nominated bank’ in the terminology of the UCP –
then the seller may present the documents to that bank instead of the issuing
bank._ Suppose that the nominated bank refuses documents which conform to the
terms of the credit and are presented within time. If, but only if, the
nominated bank has confirmed the credit then the seller has an action against
it to enforce the credit. _But the seller can also sue the issuing bank
without the need to present the documents again.__The issuing bank’s
undertaking under Article 7 is to honour the credit if documents are presented
either to the nominated bank or to the issuing bank. The nominated bank can be
regarded as acting as the issuing bank’s agent for receipt of the documents.
This may be important because if the documents were presented to the nominated
bank close to the expiry of the credit then it may be too late to make a
second presentation._ ...

[emphasis added]

83 Similarly, the authors of James E Byrne _et al_ , _UCP600: An Analytical
Commentary_ (Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, 2010) explain
at p 367 that:

UCP600 Article 7(a)(ii) through (v) addresses the situation where another bank
is nominated to act (“available with another bank”) and it fails to do
so—either at all, or having incurred a deferred payment undertaking or having
accepted, fails to pay at maturity. _In such a situation, UCP600 Article 7(a)
obligates the issuer to fulfill the obligation of the nominated bank_.

[emphasis added]

84 This is also the view expressed in the _Commentary on UCP 600_
(International Chamber of Commerce Publication No 680) (International Chamber
of Commerce, 2007) at p 62:

A nominated bank (that is not obligated as a confirming bank) may “act on its
nomination” by express agreement as provided in sub-article 12 (a), or by
examining the presentation for compliance with the documentary credit and, in
most countries, charging a fee. Receipt of documents by a nominated bank that
has neither expressly agreed to honour nor negotiate a complying presentation,
nor acted on its nomination, _constitutes presentation by the beneficiary
under the documentary credit_ , but does not obligate the nominated bank to
observe the provisions of sub-articles 14(a) or (b).

[emphasis added]

85 It is also pertinent to note that under UCP 600, there can only be one
presentation of documents under the letter of credit; this will either be to
the Nominated Bank or the Issuing Bank. Moreover, if a complying presentation
of documents is made to the Nominated Bank, as it was in the present case, UCP
600 does not provide for a fixed period by which the Nominated Bank is to
transmit the documents to the Issuing Bank. The policy reasons for this are
explained in _UCP 500 & 400 Compared_ (International Chamber of Commerce
Publication No 511) (International Chamber of Commerce, 1993) at p 110 in the
following excerpt:

Expiry Date for Payment, Acceptance or Negotiation – The NCs addressed the
issue raised before the ICC Banking Commission concerning the erroneous
practice of certain banks which issue Credits stipulating that
payment/acceptance/negotiation under a Credit had to take place or become
effective within the expiry date of such Credit.

NCs believe that this is wrong both in terms of the UCP and of equity. _Making
the rights of the Beneficiary subject to an action over which he can have no
control – that is, the action, slow action or inaction of the Nominated Bank
to pay, accept or negotiate within the expiry date of the Credit – is
improper. Negotiation is an action outside the control of the Beneficiary,
while presentation is an action that is controllable by the Beneficiary._
Therefore, the new wording of [Article 42] clearly states that if banks
continue to include such a condition in the Credit, it will be construed only
as an expiry date for presentation of the documents and not as a restriction
on the date for payment, acceptance or negotiation by the Nominated Bank.

[emphasis added]

86 It should be noted that Art 6 of UCP 600 is worded identically to Art 42 of
the _Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (1993 Revision)_
(International Chamber of Commerce Publication No 500) discussed in the
excerpt above. Both do not stipulate a fixed period within which the letter of
credit documents must be transmitted by the Nominated Bank to the Issuing
Bank.

87 The aforementioned suggests to me that so long as a complying presentation
of documents is made to the Nominated Bank within the validity period of a
letter of credit, the Issuing Bank cannot disclaim its liability to honour the
letter of credit on the basis that the documents were transmitted to it after
the letter of credit has expired.

88 Against the view stated above (at [80]–[87]), counsel for the second
defendant, Mr Tan Teng Muan (“Mr Tan”), appeared to submit that the second
defendant’s liability to honour the Indian Bank LC as the Issuing Bank was
contingent on the first defendant having agreed to act on its nomination under
the Indian Bank LC. I did not agree with Mr Tan’s submission.

89 Under Art 7(a)(iv) of UCP 600, the second defendant’s liability to honour
the Indian Bank LC as the Issuing Bank was not in any way premised upon the
first defendant agreeing to act on its nomination. Rather, _as a matter of the
contract between the second defendant and the plaintiff_ , the second
defendant’s liability to honour the Indian Bank LC depended on whether a
complying presentation had been made to the Nominated Bank (that is, the first
defendant) within the validity period of the Indian Bank LC.

90 Further, and to the extent that Mr Tan appeared to suggest that the issue
of whether the first defendant was the Nominated Bank depended on whether it
had agreed to act on its nomination, I did not agree with his submissions. The
term “Nominated Bank” is defined under Art 2 of UCP 600 to mean “the bank with
which the credit is available or any bank in the case of a credit available
with any bank”. To my mind, this did not depend on whether the first defendant
had agreed to act on its nomination.

91 I add that if the second defendant had wished to protect itself from the
inaction or delay of the first defendant as the Nominated Bank, the second
defendant could have contracted, as between itself and the first defendant,
for a time period within which the LC Documents were to be transmitted to it.
However, it did not do so.

92 Finally, I note that the second defendant did not contend that the LC
Documents did not constitute a “complying presentation”. Indeed, such a
contention would have been untenable in light of Field 47A of the Indian Bank
LC:

**F47A: Additional Conditions**

...

4\. FAX COPIES OR PHOTOCOPIES OF DOCUMENTS PRESENTED FOR NEGOTIATION
ACCEPTABLE.

…

8\. DOCUMENTS ACCEPTABLE INSPITE OF ANY OR ALL DISCREPANCIES WITH THE
EXCEPTION THAT INVOICE VALUE DRAWN MAY NOT EXCEED THE MAXIMUM VALUE AND THE
LETTER OF CREDIT IS NOT EXPIRED.

93 Rather, the second defendant’s sole ground for refusing to honour the
Indian Bank LC was late negotiation and expiry of the Indian Bank LC. In view
of the above discussion (at [79]–[87]), this was not a valid ground for
refusing to honour the Indian Bank LC.

94 Therefore, I allowed the plaintiff’s claim against the second defendant and
entered judgment for the sum of US$9,993,239.45.

The Second Defendant’s Counterclaim against the First Defendant

95 This brings me to consider the second defendant’s counterclaim against the
first defendant. In so far as the second defendant’s counterclaim was premised
upon the first defendant having agreed to act on its nomination, it was
untenable. As I have found at [17] to [70] above, the first defendant did not
agree to act on its nomination under the Indian Bank LC. In that event, there
was no contractual relationship between the first defendant and the second
defendant under the Indian Bank LC.

96 The second defendant also contended that the first defendant, as Nominated
Bank, had breached the Indian Bank LC by failing to examine the LC Documents
to determine whether they constituted a complying presentation within five
days of their presentation. In this regard, the second defendant relied on
Arts 14(a) and (b) of UCP 600, which provide as follows:

a. A nominated bank _acting on its nomination_ , a confirming bank, if any,
and the issuing bank must examine a presentation to determine, on the basis of
the documents alone, whether or not the documents appear on their face to
constitute a complying presentation.

b. A nominated bank _acting on its nomination_ , a confirming bank, if any,
and the issuing bank shall each have a maximum of five banking days following
the day of presentation to determine if a presentation is complying. This
period is not curtailed or otherwise affected by the occurrence on or after
the date of presentation of any expiry date or last day for presentation.

[emphasis added]

97 In my judgment, the second defendant’s reliance on Arts 14(a) and (b) was
misplaced. These Articles only applied if the first defendant had acted on its
nomination. The first defendant did not do so. Furthermore, these Articles
appear to protect the beneficiary of the letter of credit and not the Issuing
Bank. I did not think that these Articles could support a cause of action by
the Issuing Bank against the Nominated Bank.

98 Finally, even if the first defendant had breached some duty owed to the
second defendant (whether contractual or otherwise), I did not see how this
would have caused the second defendant to have suffered loss, such as to
justify an indemnity being ordered against the first defendant. As I found
above (at [77]–[94]), the second defendant owed a separate and independent
obligation to the plaintiff to honour the Indian Bank LC. Being ordered to
honour the Indian Bank LC in accordance with its terms could not be said to
have amounted to loss on the second defendant’s part.

99 In the premises, I dismissed the second defendant’s counterclaim against
the first defendant.

The First Defendant’s Claim against the Second Defendant

100 Given my decision on the earlier issues, it was not necessary for me to
make any order on the first defendant’s claim against the second defendant.

Pre-Judgment Interest and Costs

101 This leaves for me to deal with the issues of pre-judgment interest and
costs.

Pre-judgment interest

102 As for pre-judgment interest on the plaintiff’s claim against the second
defendant, I had sought to confirm with Mr Kwek, in the course of delivering
my oral judgment on 21 July 2014, whether the plaintiff was seeking pre-
judgment interest. This was not clear from the plaintiff’s pleadings or in its
closing submissions. Mr Kwek confirmed at this hearing that the plaintiff was
not seeking pre-judgment interest.

103 Subsequently, Mr Kwek wrote to the Registry to say that he had given this
confirmation inadvertently and the plaintiff was in fact seeking pre-judgment
interest. He requested that I direct parties to file submissions on the issue.
Mr Tan then wrote in to object to the plaintiff’s belated request. I was
minded to hear submissions on pre-judgment interest as I was of the view that
doing so would not have prejudiced the second defendant. Parties were
accordingly informed of this.

104 In his submissions on the issue of pre-judgment interest, Mr Tan raised
the preliminary objection that the plaintiff had not specifically pleaded
this. In response to Mr Tan’s objection on the pleadings, Mr Kwek cited the
decision of _Ng Swee Kin v Ng Tian Hock and other appeals_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 266
(“ _Ng Swee Kin_ ”). There, the Court of Appeal held at [8] that “it [was] not
necessary to specifically plead interest for the court to exercise its
discretion to award it”. _Ng Swee Kin_ is binding on this Court. I was
therefore unable to accept Mr Tan’s preliminary objection.

105 However, I noted that under s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev
Ed), both the decision to award pre-judgment interest and the quantum of pre-
judgment interest are entirely discretionary. On the facts of this case, I was
not minded to award pre-judgment interest for two reasons.

106 The first was that the plaintiff did not see it fit to claim pre-judgment
interest until after I had delivered oral judgment on 21 July 2014.
Pertinently, its closing submissions were entirely silent on the point.

107 The second reason was that the plaintiff made no real arguments as to why
I should exercise my discretion to award pre-judgment interest in its
subsequent submissions on the issue. In effect, the plaintiff’s submissions
pre-supposed that pre-judgment interest should be awarded as a matter of right
and the submissions were instead solely directed at which date interest was to
accrue.

Costs

108 Turning finally to the issue of costs, I was of the view that the general
rule that costs follow the event should apply. Therefore, I ordered that:

(a) The plaintiff shall pay the first defendant’s costs in defending the
plaintiff’s claim from the date of the writ to the date of the judgment, to be
taxed if not agreed.

(b) The second defendant shall pay the first defendant’s costs in defending
the second defendant’s counterclaim against the first defendant from the date
of the counterclaim to the date of the judgment, to be taxed if not agreed.

(c) The second defendant shall pay the plaintiff’s costs in prosecuting its
claim against the second defendant from the date of the writ to the date of
the judgment, to be taxed if not agreed.

109 The issue then was whether I should also make a _Bullock_ or a _Sanderson_
order, both of which would have required the second defendant to pay or
contribute towards the plaintiff’s costs in prosecuting its unsuccessful claim
against the first defendant. I was not minded to do so.

110 First, the plaintiff’s claims against the first and second defendants were
premised upon quite distinct causes of action. In particular, the plaintiff’s
claim against the first defendant turned, in the main, on whether the first
defendant had orally agreed to confirm, honour or negotiate the Indian Bank
LC. Conversely, the plaintiff’s claim against the second defendant turned on
the interpretation of UCP 600.

111 Second, as I had observed in delivering my oral judgment on 21 July 2014,
the plaintiff had elected to mount a very expansive case against the first
defendant, which was proven at trial to rest on extremely tenuous factual
foundations. In that event, I did not think it would be fair for the second
defendant to be made to bear the plaintiff’s costs in prosecuting those
aspects of its claim.

Conclusion

112 For all the reasons given above, I made the orders at [10]–[12] above.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Dec 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

