Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ABT _v_ ABU  
[2014] SGHC 25

Case Number| :| Divorce Transferred No 4834 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chia Chwee Imm Helen (Chia-Thomas Law Chambers LLC) for
the plaintiff/husband; Rina Kalpanath Singh (Kalco Law LLC) for the
defendant/wife.  
Parties| :|  ABT — ABU  
  
10 February 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This case concerns issues of maintenance and the division of matrimonial
assets. The plaintiff/husband was born on 4 March 1964 and the defendant/wife,
on 5 February 1965. Both are permanent residents of Singapore. The plaintiff
is working as an editor, drawing a net monthly income of S$24,587.70. They
were married in the district of Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk, on 10
February 1997. They have one daughter, “V”, born on 20 November 1998. Pursuant
to a mediation agreement reached by the parties on 27 October 2010, V was to
stay with the defendant and parties were to have joint custody over her. In
May 2011, V moved to stay with the plaintiff. V continues to stay with the
plaintiff to date. When counsel appeared before me, they had no objections
with the current arrangement, that is, V to stay with the plaintiff and the
defendant to have reasonable access. Leave to apply will not be prejudiced so
long as V remains a minor. The only issues before me were of division of
assets, and maintenance for the defendant.

2 In August 2011, while the marriage was still subsisting, the defendant
commenced maintenance proceedings against the plaintiff, claiming arrears for
maintenance – which the plaintiff agreed to pay pursuant to the mediation
agreement – since May 2011. In the midst of the maintenance proceedings, the
plaintiff filed the writ of divorce on 6 October 2011. Interim judgment was
granted on 19 June 2012. The defendant subsequently withdrew her claim for
maintenance, as the plaintiff was already paying her a monthly sum of S$5,750
at that point. Parties were in agreement on the matter of custody, care and
control of, and access to, V. I deal now with the division of assets.

3 While the parties were largely in agreement over what constituted the pool
of assets, both parties arrived at different values, each on either side of
the S$1.5m mark. The plaintiff provided the most recent declaration, dated 13
January 2014. On the plaintiff’s calculation, the net value of the matrimonial
assets, as at 13 January 2014, was below S$1.5m. I am of the view that the
plaintiff’s calculations were flawed as his numbers did not add up.
Mathematically, the sum of the declared gross assets was not S$1,647,056.20,
as stated. Rather, the gross figure should have been S$1,679,675.45. This
brought the plaintiff’s total net value to S$1,480,163.98, instead of the
stated S$1,447,544.80. In any case, the plaintiff’s net figure remained below
S$1.5m.

4 The defendant, however, asserted the net figure was more than S$1.5m. Her
most recent declaration, dated 10 October 2013, excluded one of the parties’
largest liabilities, that is, the mortgage on the house in Suffolk. This
amount was quantified as £79,072, dated 31 March 2013, by the plaintiff. In
Singapore currency, this would be S$164,975.27, calculated by the plaintiff
using the exchange rate as at 13 January 2014. If subtracted from the
defendant’s total net figure (S$1,650,791.13), this would bring the sum to
S$1,482,080.93, below the S$1.5m mark.

5 There were some other inconsistencies between the parties’ declarations.
This is set out in the table below:

**No** |  **Asset** |  **Plaintiff’s valuation** |  **Defendant’s valuation** |  **Comments**  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 |  Plaintiff’s car |  S$39,000, subject to loan of S$13,457.20. Net value: S$25,542.80 |  S$29,000 |  The plaintiff asserted his car was a Mazda RX-8, bearing registration number SKCxxxZ. The defendant asserted the car was a Hyundai Getz, bearing registration number SGVxxxxE. The plaintiff mentioned the sale of a Hyundai Matrix in his submissions, the proceeds of which were split equally (S$8,500 went to the defendant). The defendant’s assertion is likely inaccurate and outdated. The plaintiff’s valuation is preferred.  
2 |  Plaintiff’s Citibank savings account bearing number xxxxxxx029 |  S$32,618.78 (as of 10 January 2014) |  S$139,606 (as of July 2012) |   
3 |  Defendant’s DBS current account bearing number xxx-xxxx04-0 |  S$110,784.65 (as of 30 June 2012) |  S$43,526.37 (as of 31 August 2013) |   
4 |  NatWest current plus joint account bearing number xxxxx418 |  £810.30 (S$1,689.26) (as of 13 December 2013, converted using exchange rate as of 13 January 2014) |  £808.22 (S$1,640.68) (as of 13 September 2013) |  This entry featured twice in the defendant’s declaration, once in the plaintiff’s assets and once in the defendant’s. This led to double-counting.  
5 |  Defendant’s NatWest first reserve account bearing number xxxxx232 |  £41,222.44 (S$82,244.42) (as of 3 April 2012, converted using exchange rate as of 11 October 2013) |  £41,273.85 (S$83,785.92) (as of 3 July 2013) |  The defendant argued she is holding this amount on trust for a friend.  
6 |  Defendant’s NatWest account bearing number xxxxx169 |  Not applicable |  £15,108.68 (S$30,670.62) (as of 28 June 2013) |  The plaintiff did not declare this asset.  
  
  

6 While some of the discrepancies can be explained by the outdated nature of
the defendant’s declaration, some, such as item 4 in the table, were a result
of accounting errors. It was on the unreliable numbers that the parties
founded their arguments on division. The defendant argued that she should be
entitled to at least 50% of the assets. Calculated based on the defendant’s
declaration, this amounted to S$825,395.57. The plaintiff argued no further
division should be ordered, as he had already given S$778,372 to the
defendant. The plaintiff argued that this amounted to 54% of the net total of
the matrimonial assets. However, this figure of 54% appeared to have been
reached by dividing S$778,372 by S$1,447,544.80 (his declared net value as of
13 January 2014); it was unreliable for two reasons. First, as pointed out in
[3], the sum of S$1,447,544.80 was wrong. Second, and more importantly, the
sum of S$778,372, considered with the assets declared as at 13 January 2014,
would not account for monies that had been spent over the period of around 4
years. The plaintiff’s failure to incorporate the amount that has been spent
on living expenses, between 27 October 2010 and 13 January 2014, in effect,
served to “inflate the numerator while decreasing the denominator”.

7 In the light of these inconsistencies, I propose to first determine the
total value of the pool of the matrimonial assets at present. In this regard,
two dates are of importance: the date for deciding what fell into the pool and
the date for determining the value of the pool. With respect to the former,
the Court of Appeal in _Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and another appeal_
[2011] 2 SLR 1157 (“ _Yeo Chong Lin_ ”) recognised that there was no
definitive operative date that governed. With respect to the latter, the Court
of Appeal (at [39]) identified the date of the hearing. However, in the more
recent High Court decision of _Anthony Patrick Nathan v Chan Siew Chin_ [2011]
4 SLR 1121, Quentin Loh J opined (at [29]) that “the date on which matrimonial
assets should be valued is up to the court’s discretion… What is critical is
to arrive at a ‘just and equitable division’”. This flexible approach was
followed by the High Court in _Yong Shao Keat v Foo Jock Khim_ [2012] SGHC 107
and _Chan Yuen Boey v Sia Hee Soon_ [2012] 3 SLR 402. Also, the Court of
Appeal in _Wan Lai Cheng v Quek_ _Seow_ _Kee and another appeal and another
matter_ [2012] 4 SLR 405 decided that several of the properties were to be
valued as at a date different from the date of the hearing (at [93]). As
observed by Belinda Ang J in _Wong Kien Keong v Khoo Hoon Eng_ [2013] SGHC 275
at [106]:

…although the general starting point would be that as iterated in _Yeo Chong
Lin_ , the case law seems to indicate that the court will have discretion to
choose a more appropriate date of valuation.

I agree.

8 In this case, I generally rely on the more recent figures provided by the
plaintiff, after having taken the errors into account. The plaintiff’s most
recent declaration of assets was dated 13 January 2014, whereas the
defendant’s was dated 10 October 2013. The only exception is item 3 in the
table above at paragraph 5. For this, the defendant’s figure (S$43,526.37, as
of 31 August 2013) was more recent than the plaintiff’s (S$110,784.65, as of
30 June 2012). Further, during oral submissions, the plaintiff did not seem to
have quarrel with the defendant’s more recent valuation. I have therefore
preferred the defendant’s figure for this item. I note that even amongst the
figures I have chosen to rely on, some are still quite outdated. Short of
requesting that counsel source for the most recent figures, which may cause
their clients to incur greater costs, I will make do with what I have before
me. As a preliminary point, I note there was no question that the matrimonial
property (which has hence been sold and the proceeds divided) was no longer
part of the assets for division. I find the following should be included:

(a) House in Suffolk, net value: S$596,154.47;

(b) Plaintiff’s CPF funds, net value: S$345,142.72;

(c) Plaintiff’s Citibank savings account bearing number xxxxxxx029, net value:
S$32,618.78;

(d) Plaintiff’s Citibank savings account bearing number xxxxxxx541, net value:
S$17,779.26;

(e) Plaintiff’s NatWest current account bearing number xxxxx418, net value:
S$1,689.26;

(f) Plaintiff’s DBS account bearing number xxxxxxxxxxx223, net value:
S$120,091.39;

(g) Plaintiff’s POSB savings account bearing number xxxxxx278, net value:
S$426.05;

(h) Plaintiff’s 208 shares in Barclays PLC, net value: S$1,111.90;

(i) Plaintiff’s 19,560 shares in UK NS & I premium bonds, net value:
S$41,558.30;

(j) Plaintiff’s retirement fund, net value: S$46,250.58;

(k) Plaintiff’s car (Mazda RX-8 bearing registration number SKCxxxZ), net
value: S$25,542.80;

(l) Defendant’s property in Ukraine, net value: S$49,808;

(m) Defendant’s DBS current account bearing number xxxxxxx040, net value:
S$43,526.37;

(n) Defendant’s NatWest first reserve account bearing number xxxxx232, net
value: S$82,244.42;

(o) Defendant’s NatWest current plus account bearing number xxxxx791, net
value: S$40.40;

(p) Defendant’s NatWest account bearing number xxxxx169, net value:
S$30,670.62; and

(q) Defendant’s car (Mazda bearing registration number SGDxxxxA), net value:
S$8,921.

9 The total pool of assets, on this calculation, amounted to S$1,443,576.32
(net value). Counsel for the defendant argued that item (n) should not be
included in the pool of assets. Her reason was that she was holding the money
in the account on trust for a friend. However, in the absence of any evidence
of this, I am not inclined to exclude it from the pool.

10 I now come to the matter of how the pool should be divided. I find that an
equal division would be just and equitable in this case. This is within the
range of the cases cited by the plaintiff, _AAY v ATS_ [2012] 2 SLR 859, which
involved a 15 year marriage and resulted in the wife being awarded 45% of the
assets, and _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 (“ _Lock Yeng
Fun_ ”), in which an equal distribution was ordered. While I acknowledge that
equality of division should not be the norm (see _Lock Yeng Fun_ at [55]), I
find it is a just figure in this case, in particular because even the
plaintiff is willing to agree to an equal division of assets. This can be
gleaned from the mediation agreement, as well as the plaintiff’s submissions.
However, the mediation agreement did not deal comprehensively with all the
matrimonial assets. Further, as noted above at [6], how the plaintiff arrived
at the figure of 54% was questionable. As such, I am inclined to intervene,
notwithstanding the mediation agreement. I find that a 50-50 split of the
assets listed in [8] is appropriate.

11 I turn now to the issue of maintenance for the defendant. The defendant
sought S$12,000 per month. Counsel for the plaintiff argued that no
maintenance should be awarded. The plaintiff was initially paying S$10,500 per
month in maintenance to the defendant, pursuant to the mediation agreement
dated 27 October 2010. After paying 19 months’ worth from October 2010 to May
2011, the plaintiff reduced the amount to S$6,750 per month. After paying this
reduced amount for 9 months, from June 2011 to 12 March 2012, the plaintiff
further reduced the amount to S$5,750 per month, and has been paying this
amount to date.

12 In view of the earning capacity of the parties, and the needs of the
defendant, especially in the light of her medical condition, I am inclined to
order that the plaintiff continue paying S$5,750 per month to the defendant.
Counsel for the defendant cited _Prasenjit K Basu v Vinti_ _Vaish (m.w.)_
[2003] SGDC 303 (at [41]) for the proposition that the main factors the court
should focus on in a _maintenance pendente_ _lite_ application are the
immediate financial needs of the parties and their incomes. While this is not
such an application, I have taken those two factors into account. The
defendant does not earn a monthly salary. According to counsel for the
defendant, her monthly expenses amount to S$12,735 per month. This is
inclusive of S$2,000 for the daughter’s savings, S$1,200 for groceries, S$950
for maid and agency fees, S$1,250 on toiletries and clothes, and S$1,200 on
transport. All these expenses should be significantly reduced given that V is
no longer living with the defendant.

13 Counsel for the defendant argued that the current sum of S$5,750 was
“grossly insufficient”, and that she may be crippled in a few years due to her
condition. I am of the view, however, that this sum is sufficient as it must
be viewed against the backdrop of the order relating to the division of
assets. Further, if the defendant’s condition deteriorates to the point that
she may need more financial support, she is able to apply to court to vary the
maintenance order at that juncture.

14 I thus order that:

(a) The matrimonial assets be divided equally between the plaintiff and the
defendant;

(b) The plaintiff pay a sum of S$5,750 per month to the defendant with effect
from 10 February 2014;

(c) There will be liberty to apply in respect of access; and

(d) Each party is to bear its own costs.

Parties shall have liberty to apply, where necessary, for specific orders
dealing with disposal of the properties involved.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

