Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The One Suites Pte Ltd _v_ Pacific Motor Credit (Pte) Ltd  
[2014] SGHC 183

Case Number| :| Suit No 56 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 September 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Michael Palmer and Chew Kiat Jinn (Quahe Woo & Palmer
LLC) for the plaintiff; Albert Balasubramaniam (instructed counsel) and Chew
Ching Ching (Ching Ching, Pek Gan & Partners) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  The One Suites Pte Ltd — Pacific Motor Credit (Pte) Ltd  
  
17 September 2014|  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 The defendant (“the Vendor”) was the lessee of a property at 11 Leng Kee
Road (“the Property”). The Property was leased from the Housing and
Development Board (“HDB”).

2 The plaintiff (“the Purchaser”) was in the business of the retail sale of
motor vehicles (except motorcycles and scooters).

3 These proceedings relate to the option to purchase (“OTP”) granted by the
Vendor to the Purchaser for the Property. The purchase price was $16.8m. On 21
January 2013, the Purchaser brought a claim against the Vendor for the refund
of the deposit paid (“the Deposit”) on the ground that the OTP has been
validly rescinded by the HDB’s refusal to grant its approval for the sale. In
response, the Vendor counterclaimed for various declarations, an order that
the Purchaser proceed to apply to HDB for approval of sale of the Property, as
well as damages. The Vendor also sought the forfeiture of the Deposit, as well
as the withdrawal of the Purchaser’s caveat against the Property.

4 On 8 August 2014, I dismissed the Purchaser’s claim. I ordered the
forfeiture of the Deposit and the withdrawal of the Purchaser’s caveat against
the Property. The Purchaser has appealed against my decision. I set out my
reasons below.

Facts

5 Mr Cheong Sim Lam (“Cheong”) was the Purchaser’s sole director and
shareholder.[note: 1] According to him, he had been interested in setting up
and operating a car business in the Leng Kee Road area since late 2011. On 8
March 2012, Cheong (using a different corporate entity) completed the purchase
of a commercial property unit at Alexandra Road.[note: 2] He also entered into
a sale and purchase agreement on 4 May 2012[note: 3] to purchase a property at
3 Leng Kee Road (“3 Leng Kee Road”) in his personal capacity. He claimed that
the transaction for 3 Leng Kee Road later fell through, purportedly because
HDB did not approve the transfer.[note: 4]

6 On 6 July 2012, the Vendor granted the Purchaser the OTP in exchange for the
option fee of $504,000 (being 3% of the purchase price of $16.8m). The OTP was
exercised on or about 27 July 2012 on the payment of the sum of $1.176m (being
7% of the purchase price). The total sum of $1.68m, being 10% of the purchase
price of the Property, comprised the Deposit under cl 3(a) of the OTP.

7 Under cl 10 of the OTP, the Property was to be sold “subject to the existing
approved use”. Further, under cl 12(a) of the OTP, the sale and purchase was
subject to the written approval of HDB or such other competent authority to
the sale of the Property by the Vendor being obtained.[note: 5]

8 On 27 July 2012, KhattarWong LLP (“KW”), as the solicitors acting for the
Purchaser, wrote to HDB for its consent to the sale and purchase of the
Property.[note: 6]

9 On 15 August 2012, Cheong applied to the Urban Redevelopment Authority
(“URA”) _via_ URA’s E-Services to enquire on the approved use of the
Property.[note: 7]

10 On the same day, Cheong also applied to the National Environment Agency
(“NEA”) for NEA’s approval of the Purchaser’s proposed use of the Property as
a “general workshop, store, showroom, staff canteen, office, motor workshop
and for auxiliary purposes” (“the Seven Uses”) _via_ NEA’s Industrial
Allocation System (“IA System”) portal on its website.[note: 8]

11 Mr Gary Leong (“Mr Leong”) was the senior industrial properties manager in
HDB for properties along Leng Kee Road and Alexandra Road.[note: 9] He dealt
with the applications for both the Property as well as 3 Leng Kee Road.[note:
10] On 16 August 2012, Mr Leong issued an inquiry for, _inter alia_ , the
reason the Purchaser was buying the Property and the proposed use of the
Property, including the Purchaser’s business plan. KW replied on 17 August
2012 stating that the Purchaser would be using the Property for the Seven
Uses; however, it did not appear to contain a business plan.[note: 11]

12 On 21 August 2012, NEA sent the Purchaser a letter asking for
clarifications on a number of matters. This included, _inter alia_ , the
estimated number of vehicles to be serviced, the operating hours, a brief
description on the activities to be carried out at the motor and general
workshop, the amount of wastewater that will be generated, the trade effluent,
and so on.[note: 12] Cheong asked his brother-in-law, Mr Jason Tan (“Jason”),
to address NEA’s queries. [note: 13]

13 On 27 August 2012, the URA replied to the Purchaser’s inquiry, stating that
the Property was approved for “workshop, office and showroom use”.[note: 14]

14 On 29 August 2012, KW fixed a meeting between the Purchaser and HDB for 12
September 2012. This was in response to a phone call from Mr Leong requesting
for a meeting to understand the Purchaser’s business plans for 3 Leng Kee Road
and the Property.[note: 15]

15 On 3 September 2012, the Vendor’s conveyancing solicitors responded to
NEA’s queries of 21 August 2012 stating that the Property would be used for
the Seven Uses and that the details of the business would be furnished once
available.[note: 16]

16 On 4 September 2012, NEA’s Mr Chen Fu Yi sent an email to KW and Cheong
requesting for them to “furnish [NEA] with the necessary information required
in [NEA’s] letter” so that he could process their application and upload their
reply through the IA System.[note: 17]

17 During this time, Jason and another person, one Charles, worked on the
answers to NEA’s queries. Charles sent an email with the answers they came up
with to one of Cheong’s employees on 7 September 2012.[note: 18]

18 On 11 September 2012, KW supplied NEA with the Purchaser’s further
responses to NEA’s queries.[note: 19]

19 Later on the same day,[note: 20] Cheong received the notice from NEA
addressed to the Purchaser informing him that NEA was unable to “support” the
Plaintiff’s application for NEA’s approval of the Purchaser’s proposed use of
the Property (“NEA’s 11 Sep 2012 Letter”). It stated:[note: 21]

…

2 We wish to inform you that under the URA Master Plan 2008, the long term
land use plan for the subject site at 11 Leng Kee Road is for residential use,
notwithstanding that it is currently being used by industry at this juncture.

3 As your proposed uses (i.e. general motor workshop, store, showroom, staff
canteen, office and auxiliary purpose) do not conform to the long term land
use plan for the subject site, we regret that we are unable to support your
application.

4\. Please source for alternative industrial premises, which is zoned for B2
industry use (ie. general special) in the URA Master Plan. …

…

20 On 12 September 2012, the planned meeting with HDB took place. According to
Jason, the persons who were present were two HDB officers (namely, Mr Leong
and his superior), two solicitors from KW, as well as the architects that the
Purchaser had engaged.[note: 22]

21 As to what was discussed at the meeting, Mr Leong (a subpoenaed witness)
said that he wanted to know the reasons why the Purchaser had wanted to buy
the Property and 3 Leng Kee Road together and to find out their business
plan.[note: 23] Mr Leong’s evidence was that the discussion was focused on 3
Leng Kee Road and not the Property as the Purchaser wanted to close the 3 Leng
Kee Road deal very quickly.[note: 24] He therefore asked the Purchaser to
provide a written proposal[note: 25] for 3 Leng Kee Road.[note: 26]

22 Mr Leong also said that the subject of NEA non-approval or non-consent for
the Property did not come up during the discussion.[note: 27] Mr Leong also
did not recall Jason saying anything about not being able to run a workshop on
the Property and do car servicing because of NEA’s refusal to grant its
approval.[note: 28] Nor did he recall himself or his superior assuring Cheong
and Jason that HDB would speak to NEA about letting the Purchaser run a
workshop on the Property.[note: 29]

23 On 21 September 2012, KW wrote to Mr Leong, saying that Mr Leong had given
instructions that in order to obtain HDB’s approval, HDB required clearance
from all relevant government authorities, including NEA and URA. The email
stated that ‘[i]n light of NEA’s rejection, please confirm the status of the
application for HDB approval by the vendor and our clients”. NEA’s 11 Sep 2012
Letter was attached to this email.[note: 30]

24 On the same day, Mr Leong wrote an email to the Vendor’s solicitors, Ching
Ching, Pek Gan & Partners (“CCPG”) stating that KW has informed HDB that NEA’s
consent has not be obtained for the Seven Uses and as such, HDB was “unable to
process the request for transfer of lease” at the Property.[note: 31]

25 On 21 September 2012, Cheong provided HDB with the details of his business
plans for 3 Leng Kee Road (but apparently not the Property). He did so again
on 26 September 2012. Cheong claimed that HDB was not contented with his two
responses and was not going to approve.[note: 32] However, Mr Leong said he
did not recall saying that HDB was not going to give approval.[note: 33]

26 On 24 September 2012, Mr Leong wrote an email to KW stating the following:

We wish to inform you that NEA’s approval for the proposed use is required
before HDB can give in-principle approval for the transfer of lease. As NEA’s
consent has not been obtained in this case, we are unable to grant in-
principle approval. …[note: 34]

27 On 25 September 2012, KW wrote to CCPG stating the sale and purchase of the
Property had been rescinded as a result of HDB’s refusal to approve and
requested a refund of the Deposit.[note: 35]

28 On 1 October 2012, CCPG responded to KW rejecting the Purchaser’s purported
notice of rescission. The letter noted that the existing tenant of the
Property did not use the place as a workshop, which was consistent with clean
industry use, and asked the Purchaser to revise their application. They also
asked the Purchaser to appeal to NEA by highlighting that currently all
properties in the same stretch of Leng Kee Road was used for motorcar-related
industrial purposes and it would be inequitable to refuse consent on its use
“especially when it is to be used as a clean industry basis [_sic_]”.[note:
36]

29 On 5 October 2012, KW responded by noting that the Property was sold
subject to the existing approved use (_ie_ , the Seven Uses) and not just
existing use. It stated that the Purchaser saw no appealable errors in NEA’s
11 Sep 2012 letter. There was therefore no reason to revise their application
or appeal NEA’s decision.[note: 37]

30 On 8 October 2012, CCPG replied saying that the Vendor was checking on the
matter with NEA.[note: 38]

31 On 15 October 2012, a meeting took place between two NEA officers
(including Mr Chen Fu Yi) and the Vendor’s director, Mr Tan Kah Tong
(“Tan”).[note: 39]

32 On 19 October 2012, CCPG wrote to KW disclosing that a meeting with NEA had
taken place and that NEA’s concern was to highlight to the Purchaser that the
Property was zoned residential. The letter also asked the Purchaser to inform
NEA that they were aware of the zoning of the Property and there was to be no
change to the current existing use. It also stated that if this assurance was
given to NEA on appeal, the chance of obtaining approval based on the fact
that there was no change to the existing use would be very high. Finally, it
also highlighted that approval had been granted for the existing use in
respect of 3 Leng Kee Road.[note: 40] On the stand, Cheong accepted that he
did obtain NEA’s in-principal approval for the use of 3 Leng Kee Road as a
vehicle showroom and workshop.[note: 41]

33 On 22 October 2012, KW replied, reiterating that they found no reasonable
grounds to appeal against the decision by HDB which had taken into
consideration NEA’s 11 Sep 2012 Letter. It added that the trigger event in cl
12a of the OTP had been fulfilled. It then asked for the return of the Deposit
without further delay.[note: 42]

34 On 1 November 2012, KW issued the formal notice and demand to CCPG for the
return of the Deposit.[note: 43] On 6 November 2012, KW wrote to CCPG again,
reiterating the Purchaser’s demand of the Deposit.[note: 44] CCPG wrote back
on the same day stating that they expected to reply within the next seven days
or so.[note: 45]

35 Tan then decided to take matters into his own hands. On 8 November 2012, he
wrote to NEA, urging it to review and reconsider their position as stated in
NEA’s 11 Sep 2012 Letter. He asked NEA to grant its approval with the express
qualification that the Property remained zoned “residential” and there was to
be no change to the “existing use” of the Property.[note: 46] Even though this
letter stated that it was copied to the Purchaser, the Purchaser in fact only
received this letter on 3 December 2012.[note: 47]

36 On 14 November 2012, NEA wrote to the Vendor by email stating that it was
“currently seeking inputs from HDB/URA” on their appeal and that NEA would
inform the Vendor on the outcome of the appeal upon URA and HDB’s reply.[note:
48]

37 On 23 November 2012, NEA sent an email to Cheong stating that NEA had
jointly assessed _Cheong’s_ appeal with HDB and URA and that they had acceded
to his appeal. It attached a letter dated 23 November 2012. In that letter,
NEA stated that it had noted _the Purchaser’s_ declaration and confirmation
that the Purchaser was taking over the Property from the Vendor “without any
change of use”. It further added that it had “in-principle no objection” to
this, subject to compliance with various requirements.[note: 49]

38 On 28 November 2012, KW wrote to NEA to state that neither the Purchaser
nor KW had lodged any appeal with NEA and were completely taken by surprise by
the reference to an appeal by the Purchaser. It also stated that the Purchaser
rejected the representations, unauthorised appeal and NEA’s “purported
decision”.[note: 50]

39 On 29 November 2012, Tan wrote to the Purchaser stating that, _inter alia_
, NEA’s approval of 23 November 2012 had retrospective effect as of 11
September 2012. He asked the Purchaser to proceed to apply to HDB since HDB’s
pre-requisite for NEA’s approval to be obtained had been fulfilled.[note: 51]
CCPG wrote a similar letter to KW on 30 November 2012.[note: 52]

40 On 11 December 2012, KW wrote to CCPG maintaining that the OTP had been
terminated and cannot be revived by NEA’s letter dated 23 November 2012.[note:
53]

The Plaintiff’s claim

The parties’ cases

41 The Purchaser submitted that it had validly rescinded the OTP and was
entitled to a refund of the Deposit for the following reasons:

(a) First, cl 12a of the OTP entitled the Purchaser to immediately rescind in
the event that HDB refused to give written approval for the sale and purchase
of the Property, provided that the Purchaser exercised all reasonable
endeavours to obtain HDB’s written approval, which has been done.

(b) Second, on a _proper_ interpretation of cl 4, the completion date ought to
be 19 October 2012 (“the Alleged Completion Date”) at the latest and if HDB
had not given its written approval for the sale and purchase of the Property
by that date, the Purchaser was entitled to rescind the sale and purchase of
the Property by the Alleged Completion Date, provided that it has exercised
reasonable endeavours to obtain HDB’s written approval by that date.

(c) Third, given the wording of cl 12a, the court could not imply any terms
“in fact” in the OTP.

42 As for the Vendor’s various submissions, they were not easy to understand
as the arguments were not presented in a clear and logical way. In any event,
the key planks of the Vendor’s case appeared to be following:

(a) NEA’s 11 Sep 2012 Letter, which stated that it was “unable to support” the
Purchaser’s application, meant just that, and was not a non-approval. Cheong
had already obtained NEA approval for 3 Leng Kee Road and the plain and
obvious thing to do was for the Purchaser to ask NEA to review their decision,
or to appeal that decision. Indeed, upon the Vendor’s appeal, NEA reversed
their earlier decision.

(b) The OTP included implied terms which required the Purchaser to take all
reasonable steps to get the written approval of HDB or such other competent
authority for the sale of the Property, and for the parties to cooperate to
effect the sale and purchase of the Property.

(c) The Vendor did nothing to “disabuse” NEA on its position that they were
unable to support the Purchaser’s application and that the Purchaser had
_deliberately_ kept the Vendor in the dark to pre-empt the Purchaser from
being able to take the matter up with NEA until after the Alleged Completion
Date.

(d) HDB did not refuse to give their grant of written approval.

Construction of the OTP

43 I begin by ascertaining the rights and obligations of the parties under the
OTP.

Implication of terms

44 The OTP was a five page document, containing 18 clauses. The Law Society of
Singapore’s Conditions of Sale 2012 (“the Conditions of Sale”) was expressly
incorporated into the OTP by way of cl 1, subject to the usual proviso that
where the terms and conditions in the OTP and the Conditions of Sale conflict,
the former shall prevail. I also note that the drafting of the OTP was subject
to negotiation and amendment by the solicitors of both parties,[note: 54] and
the previous drafts of the OTP have been disclosed.

45 The dispute revolved around two sets of clauses in the OTP, namely cll 12
and 4. The numbering of cl 12 was unusual. It began with cl 12(a) although
there was no clause 12(b), and the subsequent clauses were numbered with the
small letters “a”, “b” and “c”. In any event, I reproduce the clause in full:

12(a) The sale and purchase herein is _subject to the written approval from
the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) or such other competent authority_
to the sale of the Property by the Vendor being obtained and the parties
hereto hereby covenant with the other of them to comply with such relevant
terms and conditions that may be laid down or imposed by the HDB on them
respectively.

a. In the event, _the HDB refuses to approve the sale and purchase herein the
sale herein shall be rescinded_ and all moneys paid to account of the purchase
price herein shall be refunded free of interest compensation or otherwise,
within seven (7) days from the date of the Vendor’s receipt of the refusal to
the sale and purchase herein to the Purchaser in exchange for the Purchaser’s
return to the Vendor’s Solicitors of all documents of title and the withdrawal
by the Purchaser at the Purchaser’s cost of all caveats and cancellation of
all entries relating to the Property at the Singapore Land Authority as may
relate to the sale and purchase herein, neither party to have any claim or
lien against the other whatsoever thereafter.

b. The Purchaser _shall within two (2) weeks from the date of exercise of
Option, apply or submit the relevant application to the HDB and all other
competent authorities (if applicable) for the necessary approval(s)._ The HDB
processing / administrative fees shall be borne by the Purchaser. The Vendor
shall bear the assignment fee imposed by HDB in respect of the sale and
purchase.

c. For the avoidance of doubt, if the approval letter by the HDB is subject to
rectification of any unauthorised additions or alteration in the Property, for
the purposes of enabling completion, the Vendor shall give the necessary
undertaking to the HDB to attend to the rectification within the deadline
given by the HDB.

[Emphasis added]

46 Cl 4 of the OTP, which dealt with the completion date for the sale and
purchase of the Property, stated:

4\. Subject to the terms and conditions herein, the balance of the sale price
together with any other sum hereby agreed to be paid shall be paid by the
Purchaser and the sale and purchase shall be completed at the office of the
Vendor’s solicitors, or such other place as the Vendor’s solicitors may direct
on:-

(a) the date of expiry of twelve (12) weeks from the date of exercise of this
Option; or

(b) the date of expiry of three (3) weeks from the date of receipt by the
Purchaser’s Solicitors of the approval of the sale of the Property by the
Housing & Development Board,

_whichever is the later (“the Completion Date”)._ On completion, the Vendor
shall execute an assurance of the Property in favour of the Property in favour
of the Purchaser, such assurance to be prepared by and at the expense of the
Purchaser.

[Emphasis added]

47 On a literal reading of the above clauses, it was clear that that the
completion date was tied to the grant of approval by HDB. Based on cl 4(a),
the scheduled completion date would have been 19 October 2012, being the
expiry of 12 weeks from the date the OTP was exercised (_ie_ , 27 July 2012).
However, if HDB’s approval was not procured soon enough, the completion date
would be shifted towards an uncertain future date, depending on when approval
from HDB is obtained. This is the effect of cl 4(b) read with the words
“whichever is the later”.

48 Further, the sale and purchase was conditional upon the written approval of
HDB or such other competent authority. The obligation to apply for such
approval fell on the Purchaser. However, if HDB refused to approve the sale
and purchase, the sale was rescinded and the Purchaser was entitled to a
refund of the Deposit. Strangely enough, cl 12a made no reference to other
competent authorities even though cll 12(a) and 12b did.

49 There was, however, a problem in these clauses. Under the express
contractual framework, the time for completion was contingent on the grant of
HDB’s approval but the OTP did not specify any time limit for such approval to
be obtained, or a long stop date for the determination of the contract. It put
no obligation on the Purchaser to pursue the relevant approvals beyond the
submission of the applications. The end result was that if the Purchaser had
simply sat on his hands after making the applications, and the relevant
authorities remained silent, the OTP could continue indefinitely. I note that
cl 15 of the Conditions of Sale allowed for the parties to issue a Notice to
Complete but that, again, may only be given after the completion date. The
parties would find themselves in limbo.

50 The question then is whether the court should intervene, and if so, how. I
am guided by the Court of Appeal in _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte
Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“ _Sembcorp Marine_ ”),
which laid down a three-step test for implication of terms in fact (at [101]):

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded "Oh, of course!" had the proposed term been put to them at time
of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then,
the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

51 As for the first step, the Purchaser argued that there was no gap in the
OTP requiring the implication of any terms by this court on the basis that
both parties were represented by solicitors during the drafting and signing of
the OTP.[note: 55] I disagreed. I was disappointed that a contract drafted and
negotiated by solicitors for such a large transaction contained such a glaring
gap. In any event, even the most well-meaning drafter of contracts cannot
anticipate every eventuality. Similarly, the existence of negotiations does
not _ipso facto_ mean the parties contemplated the gap and chose to leave it
as it is.

52 As for the second step, it is clear for the reasons I have stated that it
was necessary in the business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to
give the OTP efficacy.

53 This brings me to the third step. It seemed to me the real issue was how
the gap should be filled.

54 The Defendant submitted that the OTP contained two implied terms:

(a) That it was incumbent upon the Purchaser to act with due diligence and
despatch and take all reasonable and necessary steps that were and/or are
necessary to facilitate and expedite the procurement of the written approval
of HDB or such other competent authority for the sale of the Property by the
Vendor under and in accordance with cl 12(a) of the OTP; and

(b) That the Purchaser and Vendor would co-operate with each other and do all
reasonable and necessary things to effect the consummation and completion of
the sale and purchase of the Property.

55 The Purchaser disputed this. However, it accepted that, in order for the
Purchaser to have the benefit of cl 12a and rescind the OTP, it had to show
that it had exercised all reasonable endeavours to secure written approval
from HDB. It had formulated this on the basis that this was the “plain and
ordinary meaning of the language of cl 12a”.[note: 56] It did not seem to me
that this was a plain reading of the clause at all.

56 Nevertheless, the Purchaser could hardly have disputed that it did have
this obligation, based on the authority of _Tan Soo Leng David v Wee, Satku &
Kumar Pte Ltd and another_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 257 (“ _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_
”). It was stated by Judith Prakash J at [61]:

61 It is established law that where a contractual provision provides that
performance by one party is subject to the consent of a third party, the first
party cannot say that having asked for such consent thereafter the matter is
completely out of his hands so that if the consent is not forthcoming he is
released from further performance. Rather, as the Court of Appeal put it in
this case, **to avail himself of the right to rescind, such party has a duty
to show that he has taken all reasonable steps to obtain the consent of the
third party or that it was useless for him to pursue the matter with the third
party after the initial withholding of consent because it would have been
quite impossible for him to obtain the consent of the third party**. …

[emphasis added in bold]

57 Having set out the foregoing, the difference between the parties’ positions
was not obvious at first glance. It appeared to me that, based on the
Purchaser’s interpretation of cl 12a, any failure to take all reasonable steps
would only operate to _disentitle_ his right to rescission, while the Vendor’s
implied terms would create _positive_ obligations on the Purchaser such that
it would be in breach of contract if it failed to do so. Assuming this was the
Purchaser’s position, this would not cure the gap that I have identified. If
the Purchaser failed to take all reasonable steps, it cannot rescind, but
there would still be no way forward. We return to the problem of when
completion should take place.

58 The Purchaser also submitted that “on the plain wording” of cl 4(a), the
OTP provided that the completion date ought to have been 19 October 2012 _at
the very latest_. Therefore, if the Purchaser failed to obtain approval from
HDB by the Alleged Completion Date, even if there was no express refusal, it
would be entitled to rescind if it had exercised all reasonable endeavours by
then.[note: 57] Once HDB refused to grant its approval, cl 4 of the OTP ceased
to operate, with the result that cl 12a of the OTP operated to entitle the
Purchaser to rescind the sale and purchase of the Property.[note: 58]

59 I disagreed. The plain wording of cl 4 indicated that the Alleged
Completion Date was the _earliest_ possible completion date rather than the
_latest_. Clearly, it must be possible for the relevant approval by HDB to
occur after the date of approval.

60 In this respect, the Purchaser submitted that this court should also draw
guidance from _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ at [62] where, after analysing the
relevant clause in that case, the learned judge found that the natural and
ordinary meaning of that clause was that the sale and purchase would be
_immediately_ rescinded in two instances.[note: 59] First, if the third party
refused to give its consent, and secondly, if the third party did not respond
to the request for consent for such a long period that its consent had not
been received by the completion date.

61 However, the clause in question in _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ expressly
stated that where such consent was not forthcoming by the completion date, the
sale and purchase of that property shall be deemed to be rescinded (see [12]).
That clause stated:

The sale shall also be subject to the consent of the Developers, which said
consent to the sale is required under the terms of the principal agreement.
_In the event such consent is refused or not received by the Completion Date
(as defined in Clause 7 below)_ , _the sale and purchase herein shall be
deemed rescinded_ forthwith whereupon all moneys paid hereunder shall be
refunded to you free of interest and subject thereto the sale and purchase
herein shall be cancelled and of no effect and neither party shall have any
claim or demand against the other for damages, costs, compensation or
otherwise. [emphasis added]

62 Cl 12a of the OTP did not contain such a stipulation. In effect, the
Purchaser was asking the court to _imply_ a cut-off date for pursuing all
reasonable endeavours. In my view, had the need for a cut-off date been
brought to the parties’ attention at the time of contract, they would have
said “Oh, of course!” (as specified in the third step of the _Sembcorp Marine_
test). But it was impossible for a court to specify an exact date as it would
have no basis to prefer one date over another.

63 Having regard to the foregoing, I found that there was an implied term that
the Purchaser had to use all reasonable endeavours to obtain the written
approval of HDB and such other competent authority to the sale of the Property
within a reasonable time. If no such approval was forthcoming within a
reasonable time after the exercise of all reasonable endeavours, either party
may give notice to rescind.

64 In any event, based on the Purchaser’s own argument, the implication of the
Alleged Completion Date as the cut-off date for the exercise of all reasonable
endeavours would not assist the Purchaser. They had not taken any further
steps in pursuance of the relevant approvals after KW’s email to HDB on 21
September 2012. Indeed, that is generous, since an email which merely informed
HDB that NEA had refused to give its approval could more reasonably be
construed as an invitation for HDB to follow suit than an attempt to convince
HDB to give its consent. Accordingly, if it was not entitled to rescind when
it purported to do so on 25 September 2012, the existence of a long stop date
made no difference.

What is meant by “existing approved use”

65 Cl 10 of the OTP stated that the Property is sold subject to the “existing
approved use”. The Purchaser submitted that by “existing approved use”, it was
referring to the Seven Uses as set out in the State Lease for the Property as
supplemented by the Supplemental Deed dated 2 April 1983.[note: 60] In its
correspondences, CCPG had initially taken the position that the phrase
actually meant “current existing use” _ie_ , how the existing tenant of the
Property was using the Property. However, this point was not seriously argued
by the Vendor in its submissions. In any event, I found the “existing approved
use” was in fact the Seven Uses. Cheong had known as early as 7 September 2011
that the Purchaser’s application to NEA was for the Seven Uses, and if that
had not been the intention of the parties, he would not have waited to
highlight this fact.[note: 61]

Whether HDB refused the sale and purchase of the Property

66 Before I turn to consider whether the Purchaser had in fact taken all
reasonable steps to obtain HDB’s approval, I have to first consider whether
HDB had actually refused to give its written approval. If not, then the
Purchaser’s purported notice to rescind on 25 September 2012 would have no
effect. The Purchaser argued that HDB had done so by its email to KW on 24
September 2012 when Mr Leong informed KW that, since NEA’s consent has not
been obtained, HDB was unable to grant in-principle approval. This email was
in response to KW’s email dated 21 September 2012 where KW had asked Mr Leong,
_in light of NEA’s rejection_ , to confirm the status of the Purchaser’s
application for HDB’s approval.

67 In a strict sense, Mr Leong did “refuse”, but not every “refusal” by the
authority would entail a sufficient refusal for the purposes of cl 12(a) of
the OTP. In _Group Exklusiv Pte Ltd v Diethelm Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2003] 4
SLR(R) 582 (“ _Group Exklusiv_ ”), Choo Han Teck J considered the effect of
the following clause:

(e) If the _consent_ of HDB, LTA and other relevant authorities in respect of
the sale and purchase and the change of use and the erection of the private
access road _is not obtained or refused_ by the date falling one (1) month
before the date fixed for completion, the sale and purchase may, at either
party’s option, be rescinded, whereupon all monies (including but not limited
to the deposit and goods and services tax, if any) paid by the Purchaser
herein shall be refunded to the Purchaser without any interest or
compensation. [Emphasis added]

68 In that case, the defendant was the lessee of a property. The defendant
entered into a sale and purchase agreement with the plaintiff to sell the
remainder of the lease to the plaintiff. The approval of NEA was needed for
the change of use of the property to a motor vehicle showroom and workshop.
NEA called for a meeting with the plaintiffs where NEA informed the plaintiff
that spray-painting would not be approved, despite the attempts by the
plaintiff to persuade NEA’s representatives otherwise. NEA subsequently wrote
a letter stating that while the proposed vehicle showroom was acceptable,
pollutive uses such as vehicle repair and spray painting should not be
conducted.

69 One of the issues that the learned judge had to deal with was the effect of
NEA’s letter. Choo J held that the plaintiff would be entitled to rescind if
it had received a clear and conclusive rejection of their application. Choo J
found that the NEA letter was such a rejection. Whether or not a rejection was
clear and unequivocal was to be looked at from the applicant’s point of view.
While the relevant authority may have considered it a part approval, from the
defendant’s perspective it was a total rejection. The learned judge further
added that the plaintiffs would not have discharged their duty to their best
endeavours if there was a formal appeal process, but no evidence of a
procedure for appeal was provided (at [9]).

70 In the present case, my view was that HDB’s email of 24 September 2012 was
not a clear and unequivocal rejection, but merely a statement that NEA’s
approval was required in order for it to proceed. This was reinforced by Mr
Leong’s evidence in court. He had explained that HDB was “not able to grant
the approval” because NEA’s approval was not given, which meant that they
could not go to the next step, which is to bring up the case to process (_ie_
, to submit the documents for approval).[note: 62]

71 However, since HDB could not even process the application without NEA’s
approval, it seemed to me that the key question was really whether all
reasonable steps had been taken to obtain NEA’s approval. This brings me to
the next point.

Whether the Purchaser has exercised all reasonable endeavours

The applicable law

72 In _KS Energy Services Ltd v BR Energy (M) Sdn Bhd_ [2014] 2 SLR 905 (“ _KS
Energy_ ”), the Court of Appeal considered the effect of an “all reasonable
endeavours” obligation, albeit in the context of an _express_ contractual
provision. It held that the test for whether an “all reasonable endeavours”
obligation had been fulfilled would ordinarily be the same as the test for
determining whether a “best endeavours” obligation has been fulfilled (at
[62]). This was the test laid down in _Travista Development Pte Ltd v Tan Kim
Swee Augustine_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 474, which was restated by the Court of appeal
in _KS Energy_ as follows (at [47]):

47 Travista lays down the following propositions regarding a “best endeavours”
obligation:

(a) The obligor has a duty to do everything reasonable in good faith with a
view to procuring the contractually-stipulated outcome within the time
allowed. This involves taking all those reasonable steps which a prudent and
determined man, acting in the interests of the obligee (see further [52]
below) and anxious to procure the contractually stipulated outcome within the
available time, would have taken.

(b) The test for determining whether a “best endeavours” obligation has been
fulfilled is an objective test.

(c) In fulfilling its obligation, the obligor can take into account its own
interests.

(d) A “best endeavours” obligation is not a warranty to procure the
contractually-stipulated outcome.

(e) The amount or extent of “endeavours” required of the obligor is determined
with reference to the available time for procuring the contractually-
stipulated outcome; the obligor is not required to drop everything and attend
to the matter at once.

(f) Where breach of a “best endeavours” obligation is alleged, a fact-
intensive inquiry will have to be carried out.

73 The Court of Appeal also set out a summary of the guidelines applicable
both “all reasonable endeavours” clauses and “best endeavours” at [93]:

93 … following on our holding (at [62] above) that the test for determining
whether an “all reasonable endeavours” obligation has been satisfied should
ordinarily be the same as the test for determining whether a “best endeavours”
obligation has been satisfied (_ie_ , the _Travista_ test), we also endorse
the guidelines below vis-à-vis the operation and extent of both “all
reasonable endeavours” and “best endeavours” clauses:

(a) Such clauses require the obligor “to go on using endeavours until the
point is reached when all reasonable endeavours have been exhausted” (see
_Yewbelle (HC)_ ([75] supra) at [123] and _Yewbelle (CA)_ ([79] supra)), or
“to do all that it reasonably could” (see Jet2 (CA) ([84] supra) at [31]).

(b) The obligor need only do that which has a significant (see _The Talisman_
([71] supra)) or real prospect of success (see _Yewbelle (HC)_ and _Yewbelle
(CA)_) in procuring the contractually-stipulated outcome.

(c) If there is an insuperable obstacle to procuring the contractually-
stipulated outcome, the obligor is not required to do anything more to
overcome other problems which also stood in the way of procuring that outcome
but which might have been resolved (see _Yewbelle (CA)_).

(d) The obligor is not always required to sacrifice its own commercial
interests in satisfaction of its obligations (_see CPC Group_ ([82] supra)),
but it may be required to do so where the nature and terms of the contract
indicate that it is in the parties’ contemplation that the obligor should make
such sacrifice (see Jet2 (CA)).

(e) An obligor cannot just sit back and say that it could not reasonably have
done more to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome in cases where, if
it had asked the obligee, it might have discovered that there were other steps
which could reasonably have been taken (see _EDI_ ([59] supra)).

(f) Once the obligee points to certain steps which the obligor could have
taken to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome, the burden ordinarily
shifts to the obligor to show that it took those steps, or that those steps
were not reasonably required, or that those steps would have been bound to
fail (see _EDI_).

Application to the facts

74 In its closing submissions, the Purchaser highlighted the various steps
taken to obtain HDB’s approval for the sale and purchase of the Property, the
gist of which I have set out in my rendition of facts.[note: 63] While it
seemed substantial at first glance, it was clear that most of the steps
related to their communications with HDB.

75 Even if I accepted that the Purchaser’s implied obligation to take all
reasonable steps to procure approvals only related to HDB (and I did not),
they cannot establish that they had done so _unless_ they can show that all
reasonable efforts were also taken to obtain NEA’s approval, when they were
aware that NEA’s approval was a _pre-requisite_ to HDB’s approval. Whether or
not an applicant has exercised all reasonable endeavours is not a mere
counting game as to how many steps were taken. An applicant can hardly say it
has fulfilled its obligation to exercise all reasonable endeavours if he has
omitted to attempt to satisfy, with reasonable diligence, any express
requirement that it knows would allow it to obtain the authority’s consent.

76 I accepted that NEA’s 11 Sep 2012 Letter looked like a clear and
unequivocal rejection of the Purchaser’s application. However, I note that
prior to this rejection, all Cheong did was submit an application to NEA on 15
August 2012. After the submission, NEA had a number of queries. An incomplete
reply to those queries was provided on 3 September 2012. The final answers
were then given on 11 September 2012. The question was whether this was
sufficient to show that the Purchaser had taken all reasonable steps to obtain
NEA’s approval.

77 In this regard, the Purchaser placed considerable reliance on the
circumstances in _Group Exklusiv._ In that case, the defendant’s argument that
the plaintiff was obliged to appeal or take further steps to persuade NEA to
change its stance was rejected by Choo J. It is worth noting that in coming to
his decision, he noted that the defendants in that case had pressed the
managing director of the plaintiff company to make further efforts. As a
result, the said managing director made an appointment to see an NEA
representative. At the meeting, which took place well after NEA’s rejection
letter, NEA representative maintained his stance that NEA’s decision was final
and the application would not be granted. The learned judge also made the
finding of fact that it was likely that the plaintiffs would have “proceeded
expeditiously and strenuously for their own sake” and that their failure was
“not a reflection of a lack of effort”. He also could not infer that the
plaintiff had deliberately forsaken the defendant’s property (at [12]).

78 Similarly, in _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ , there was some effort expended by
the applicant after receipt of rejection. _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ involved
the sale of a unit in a hospital. The sale was subject to the consent of the
developer. The first defendant had assumed that the contract was automatically
rescinded when the developer informed them of their refusal of consent.
However, the court did not consider that the first defendant had made all
reasonable efforts to obtain the developer’s consent at that time as all it
had done was make a bare application. However, the first defendant did proceed
to try to convince the developers subsequently. Its representatives met the
CEO of the developer on two occasions. At the first meeting, they wanted to
find out the reasons for the developer’s refusal. After hearing the reasons,
they felt it was unfair. They even considered suing the developer but did not,
after advice from their lawyers. They then went to see the CEO again, who
maintained his refusal.

79 Unlike in _Group Exklusiv_ and _Tan Soo Leng David (HC)_ , the Purchaser in
the present case never met anyone from NEA face-to-face. They never took _any_
active steps to try to change its mind, or even to clarify its decision. This
omission was all the more glaring since Cheong had obtained NEA’s approval for
3 Leng Kee Road,[note: 64] which was nearby and similarly zoned residential.
The Purchaser argued that this was irrelevant since that was for a separate
property and this did not mean that NEA would give approval for the Property.
I was unpersuaded by this argument.

80 I also note that in NEA’s 11 Sep 2012 letter, the stated reason was that
the Seven Uses did not conform to the URA Master Plan 2008 as the long term
use plan was for residential use. However, in the present case, the URA had
already given its approval for the use of the Property as a workshop prior to
NEA’s letter.

81 Moreover, it was Mr Leong’s evidence that HDB had a requirement that the
sub-tenant should occupy the Property for _industrial_ use.[note: 65] This
meant that HDB did not allow for the Property to be used purely for commercial
or residential use, which also contradicted the position expressed in NEA’s 11
Sep 2012 Letter. This was another area that the Purchaser could have explored.

82 Accordingly, from the perspective of an ordinary applicant, NEA’s rejection
would have appeared to be inconsistent, if not unreasonable. As stated in _Tan
Soo Leng David (HC)_ , the applicant only had to “try” without going into
whether the refusal was reasonable or not. However, I do not think this means
that the applicant ought to stop trying the moment it received a refusal of
consent, if it is not reasonable to do so.

83 In these circumstances, “a prudent and determined man, acting in the
obligee’s interests and anxious to procure the contractually-stipulated
outcome within the available time” would have _at least_ checked with NEA.

The effect of NEA’s subsequent letter on 23 November 2012

84 I now turn to the effect of Tan’s letter to NEA of 8 November 2012 asking
NEA to review and reconsider their position, and NEA’s subsequent letter on 23
November 2012 stating that NEA had “in-principle no objection” to the proposal
that the Purchaser take over the Property without “any change of use”.

85 It is unclear what Tan meant when he asked NEA to grant approval with the
express qualification that there is to be no change to the current existing
use of the Property, or what were the assurances given by Tan when he met with
NEA’s representatives earlier on 15 October 2012. The letter from CCPG to KW
of 1 October 2012 indicated that the Vendor considered that the “current use”
of the Property did _not_ include a “workshop”.

86 During cross-examination, Tan moderated his position. He claimed he did not
mean no workshop, but a clean workshop. He said it was possible to use a
workshop, “but you cannot do like, panel beating, spray painting, engine
overhauling or what”.[note: 66] His tenant at the time had been using it as a
workshop, because HDB did not allow full use of the Property as a showroom,
but what the tenant used it for was as “a pre-delivery inspection bay, where
he -- they just check the car, the engine, interior, whatever, electrical,
whatever, before they deliver to their customer”.[note: 67]

87 As I have already found, the “existing approved use” referred to the Seven
Uses, which included a motor workshop. There was no condition that it had to
be a “clean” workshop. In the circumstances, it was inappropriate for the
Vendor to appeal to NEA on the Purchaser’s behalf, making significant
concessions that they knew that the Purchaser was not willing to make, without
even letting the Purchaser know that they were doing so.

88 As a result, there was an ambiguity in NEA’s letter on 23 November 2012 as
to what it meant by no change of use. It was unclear if NEA allowed the use of
a motor workshop at all, or whether it was conditional on it being a “clean
workshop” that would have made it impossible for the Purchaser to carry out
its intended business. If that was the case, NEA’s approval would, from the
Purchaser’s point of view, nevertheless be “a total rejection” (to use the
words in _Group Exklusiv_).

89 It seemed to me that if the Purchaser or the Vendor had been acting
reasonably, either side could have written to NEA for clarification. Perhaps
they did not do so because they feared that NEA’s reply would not be in their
favour. Be that as it may, the burden of proof was on the Vendor and they had
not discharged this burden.

90 Nevertheless, the fact that NEA did reconsider its position showed that it
was willing to do so. This did not mean that it would certainly have granted
its approval on terms that the Purchaser would have found acceptable, but it
demonstrated to me that it was not a situation where it would have been
useless for the Purchaser to have made an attempt.

Conclusion on the Plaintiff’s claim

91 To summarise, what is reasonable in each case will depend on the facts. In
a situation where the authority has already considered all the possible
arguments and made a clear decision, then it may not be reasonable to expect
the applicant to appeal, because the likelihood of success on appeal may be
very low. In this case, where the Purchaser knew that there were realistic
prospects of success on appeal, I think it was incumbent on the Purchaser to
try.

92 Finally, after considering the evidence, it appeared that the Purchaser had
already lost interest in the transaction and was already looking for an
opportunity to rescind for reasons undisclosed to me, rather than looking for
a way to persuade the authority to change its mind, which was what I thought
the Purchaser should have been doing. To be clear, I am not saying that in the
course of such an appeal, the Purchaser should be required to change its
business plans to the extent that the Purchaser would be getting something
quite different from what it contracted for. All I am saying is that the
Purchaser should have written to NEA to reconsider, and to see if there was
any scope for negotiation to achieve a mutually acceptable outcome. There was
ample time and opportunity for them to do so.

93 I therefore found that the purported rescission on 25 September 2012 was
premature, and therefore invalid.

94 For the above reasons, I dismissed the Purchaser’s claim.

The Counterclaim

95 In its Defence and Counterclaim, the Vendor sought a number of remedies
against the Vendor :

(a) The following declaratory orders:

(i) That NEA’s 11 Sep 2012 Letter was not and could not be construed as either
approving or not approving the Purchaser’s application (“1st Declaratory
Order”);

(ii) That the Vendor had the _locus standi_ to write to NEA on 8 November 2012
to obtain confirmation as to whether NEA was approving or not approving the
Purchaser’s application (“2nd Declaratory Order”);

(iii) That prior to 22 November 2012 NEA had not made any decision as to
whether to approve or not approve the Purchaser’s application (“3rd
Declaratory Order”);

(iv) That NEA’s letter on 23 November 2012 took retrospective effect from 11
September 2012 (“4th Declaratory Order”);

(v) That upon receiving NEA’s letter dated 23 November 2012 approving the
Purchaser’s intended use of the Property, the Purchasers were and are under a
continuing legal obligation to apply to HDB for consent to the sale and
purchase of the Property (“5th Declaratory Order”);

(vi) That the Notice of Rescission dated 25 September 2012 sent by the
Purchaser’s solicitors to the Vendor’s solicitors was of no effect (“6th
Declaratory Order”); and

(vii) That time for completion had not begun to run (“7th Declaratory Order”).

(b) an order that the Purchaser proceed forthwith to apply to HDB for approval
for sale of the Property:

(c) damages; and

(d) interest.

96 Subsequently, in its reply submissions, the Vendor prayed for the following
additional orders (which were not specifically pleaded):[note: 68]

(a) the forfeiture of the Deposit; and

(b) that the Purchaser file a Withdrawal of Caveat against the Property.

The Declarations

97 Even though it had prayed for a variety of declaratory orders, the Vendor
did not address this point in its closing submissions at all. They only made
some arguments in their rebuttal submissions in response to the Purchaser’s
closing submissions.

98 With respect to the 1st to 4th Declaratory Orders, it was accepted by the
Court of Appeal in _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd_ [2006]
1 SLR(R) 112 at [14] that “any person whose interests might be affected by the
declaration should be before the court”. Undoubtedly, NEA was such an
interested party. The Vendor could have joined NEA as a defendant in the
counterclaim but it did not do so. The Vendor did not even call anyone from
NEA as a witness.

99 The Vendor relied on the passage in _London Passenger Transport Board v
Moscrop_ [1942] AC 332 at 345 which stated that “ _except in very special
circumstances_ , all persons interested should be made parties, whether by
representation orders or otherwise, before a declaration by its terms
affecting their rights is made”. They argued such special circumstances were
present.[note: 69] I do not think there were any special circumstances in the
present case.

100 Without any evidence from NEA, I could hardly have granted the declaratory
orders sought. Moreover, the 1st, 3rd and 4th Declaratory Orders were
inconsistent with my findings of fact.

101 As for the 5th Declaratory Order, I declined to grant such an order
because it assumed that NEA’s letter dated 23 November 2012 approved the
Purchaser’s intended use of the Property, which has not been established.

102 Finally, as for the 6th and 7th Declaratory Orders, I declined to grant
those orders. The power to grant a declaration is discretionary, and where the
court feels that a declaration will serve no useful purpose, no declaration
will be granted (see _Latham Scott v Credit Suisse First Boston_ [2000] 2
SLR(R) 30 at [74]). I was of the view that this was the case.

Specific performance

103 Again, while the Vendor had pleaded for an order that the Purchaser apply
forthwith to HDB for approval of the sale of the Property, it barely addressed
the issue in any of its submissions as to _why_ specific performance ought to
be granted. In its closing submissions, all it did was list two cases setting
out some general principles relating to when specific performance should be
granted.[note: 70]

104 On 4 July 2014, this court issued a letter directing parties to address,
_inter alia_ , the issue of whether it would be inappropriate for the court to
exercise its discretion to grant specific performance. In their further
submissions, the Vendor appeared to argue for the position that the court
should _not_ exercise its discretion to award specific performance to the
Vendor.[note: 71]

105 The Vendor has clearly lost its enthusiasm for the order it had sought.
For this reason alone, I would decline a grant of specific performance.

106 In any event, I thought that it was impossible to order the Plaintiff to
proceed with the purchase, since HDB’s approval had not been obtained, and in
any case this remedy was not sought. So the only specific performance that
could be ordered was to apply to HDB _and_ appeal to NEA.

107 However, any appeal would require the preparation of a business plan and
negotiation over the approved uses. By now, the transaction was no longer a
viable business proposition, and it was pointless to order the Purchaser to
prepare a business plan when they no longer have any intention to operate the
business. It would be a wholly artificial affair. Specific performance is of
course a discretionary remedy, and I decided it would not be appropriate to
exercise my discretion in this manner.

Damages

108 The next question that I had to consider was whether I ought to award
damages for the Purchaser’s breach of their implied obligation to exercise all
reasonable endeavours.

109 First of all, the Defendant has not adduced _any_ evidence of any loss
they have suffered. There has also been no application for the trial to be
bifurcated.

110 In the present case, it would be difficult to quantify the Vendor’s loss,
because we do not know what would have happened if the Purchaser had proceeded
to appeal. In the end, NEA was persuaded to change its mind, but as I have
found, this was apparently on terms that the Purchaser would not have agreed
with. So if the Purchaser had appealed, we do not know for certain whether NEA
would have approved the kind of workshop that the Purchaser intended to
operate. Moreover, even if NEA did approve, there was no certainty that HDB
would also approve.

111 In my view, to fail to take into account the possibility that cl 12(a) of
the OTP may not be fulfilled would be unfair and would lead to over-
compensation. This was also the view of the learned authors of _Chitty on
Contracts_ (at para 2-159). This reasoning is drawn from the general principle
that, except in exceptional circumstances, the starting point is that a
claimant is entitled to be placed, so far as money can do it, in the same
position he would have been had the contract been performed (_MacGregor on
Damages_ at para 1-023), but not more.

112 In this respect, the Vendor bore the burden of proof. The Vendor did not
call any witnesses from NEA. Furthermore, the Vendor has led negligible
evidence as to the possibility of HDB’s approval and indeed they did not even
bother to cross-examine Mr Leong of HDB. In such circumstances, I did not
think that the Vendor has shown on a balance of probabilities that the
Purchaser’s breach has caused him loss.

113 Even if I was to characterise the Vendor’s loss as a _loss of a chance_ ,
there was again no evidence before me that would allow the court to calculate
what the chance lost actually was with any kind of accuracy. Moreover, this
was not how the loss has been characterised by the Vendor; loss of a chance
was not pleaded or argued.

114 In other words, we do not know whether an appeal would have been
successful or not, and therefore we do not know whether the Vendor in fact
suffered any loss from the Purchaser’s failure to appeal (although this issue
is quite different from the question of whether it was useless for the
Purchaser to have pursued the matter after the initial withholding of the
consent by NEA). If the appeal would have been unsuccessful, then no loss
would have resulted from the failure to appeal. In the absence of evidence of
loss, I am unable to award any damages to the Vendor.

Forfeiture of the Deposit

115 Finally, there was the question of the Deposit. This was quite separate
from the question of damages – the Vendor is not required to prove loss before
it may be entitled to forfeit the Deposit. In _Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow
Victor and others and another appeal_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 (“ _Lee Chee Wei_
”), the Court of Appeal summarised the law relating to deposits at [83] and
[84]:

83 The law relating to deposits in a sale and purchase contract and its
recoverability has been considered in some depth in _Triangle Auto Pte Ltd v
Zheng Zi Construction Pte Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 594 which held (at [9]) as
follows:

... A deposit in a sale and purchase contract, if nothing more is said about
it, is a security for damages for breach of contract. If the seller has not
suffered any damage he must return it to the depositor. If, however, the
contract provides that the deposit is to be forfeited to the seller upon
breach by the purchaser, and provided the amount of deposit is customary or
moderate, **the seller is entitled to retain it even if he suffered no loss.**
...

84 The invariable judicial approach to forfeitable deposits at common law is
**that the deposit will be forfeited to the payee upon the discharge of the
contract on the default of the payer, irrespective of whether it would have
been deemed part-payment had the contract been completed. The payer cannot
insist on abandoning the contract and yet expect to recover the deposit as
this would enable him to take advantage of his own wrong** (_Howe v Smith_
(1884) 27 Ch D 89 at 98). An advance payment, on the other hand, does not fall
within the category of forfeitable deposits and is neither designed nor
intended to secure performance (_Lim Lay Bee v Allgreen Properties Ltd_ [1998]
3 SLR(R) 1028 ("_Lim Lay Bee_ ")). This is underscored by the premise that the
vendor is already amply protected by the recovery of damages he has sustained
(_Dies v British and International Mining and Finance Corporation Limited_
[1939] 1 KB 724).

[emphasis added in bold]

116 The question of whether a payment is recoverable depends upon the
construction on the contract, _ie_ , whether payment is construed as a deposit
entitling forfeiture upon default, or as an advance payment, which is
returnable. The contract is to be examined in its entirety to ascertain the
parties’ intention (_Lee Chee Wei_ at [85] and [86]).

117 In my view, the Deposit should be seen as a security for Purchaser’s
performance of the contract. First, cl 3(a) of the OTP clearly referred to the
Deposit as such. Second, the OTP is subject to the Conditions of Sale, which
contained a provision for the forfeiture of the deposit at cl 15.9(c) upon the
Purchaser’s failure to comply with the terms of an effective Notice to
Complete. The Deposit was not intended to be merely an advance payment. The
Deposit was therefore “an earnest to bind the bargain so entered into, and
creates by the fear of its forfeiture a motive in the payer to perform the
rest of the contract” (to quote _Howe v Smith_ (1884) 27 Ch D 89 at 101). The
Purchaser has clearly refused to perform. Since I have dismissed Purchaser’s
claim, I saw no basis to order the Vendor to refund the Deposit.

118 So in the end, I ordered the forfeiture of the Deposit. I also ordered the
Purchaser to withdraw their caveat on the Property by 15 August 2014.

Conclusion and postscript

119 On 8 August 2014, after delivering my oral judgment, I directed counsel to
give me written submissions on the issue of costs. After considering the
matter, I now give my decision. I do not think that the Vendor should get its
full costs even though it succeeded on the main claim, as they failed on a
substantial part of the counterclaim, which they had not pursued with
diligence. I award the Vendor 70% of its costs, to be taxed if not agreed.

120 The Vendor also asked for a costs order against Cheong personally. The
overarching rule that governs the exercise of the court’s discretion in
ordering costs against a non-party is that it must, in all circumstances of
the case, be just to do so (see _Goh Eileen née Chia and another v Goh Mei
Ling Yvonne and another_ [2014] SGHC 141 at [8]). I am of the view that it
would be inappropriate for me to do so, and I decline to so order.

* * *

[note: 1]Cheong’s AEIC, para 1.

[note: 2]Cheong’s Supplementary AEIC, para 4.

[note: 3]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 61 lines 2–4; see DB, p 4.

[note: 4]Cheong’s Supplementary AEIC, para 6.

[note: 5]AB 58.

[note: 6]AB 76.

[note: 7]Cheong’s Supplementary AEIC, p 41.

[note: 8]Cheong’s AEIC, para 41; AB 89–90.

[note: 9]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 84, lines 9–15.

[note: 10]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 86, lines 1–11.

[note: 11]AB 93

[note: 12]Jason’s AEIC, p 14.

[note: 13]Jason’s AEIC, para 8.

[note: 14]Cheong’s Supplementary AEIC, p 41.

[note: 15]Cheong’s Supplementary AEIC, p 43.

[note: 16]Cheong’s Supplementary AEIC, p 22.

[note: 17]Cheong’s Supplementary AEIC, para 12; p 25.

[note: 18]Jason’s AEIC, paras 9–10; pp 19–26; see also Cheong’s Supplementary
AEIC, para 13.

[note: 19]SAB 57–61.

[note: 20]SAB 62.

[note: 21]AB 108.

[note: 22]Jason’s AEIC, para 14.

[note: 23]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 97, lines 17–25.

[note: 24]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 99, lines 1–6.

[note: 25]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 98, lines 15–21.

[note: 26]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 103 line 22 to p 104 line 7.

[note: 27]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 99, lines 7–11.

[note: 28]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 101, lines 7–13.

[note: 29]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 101 line 24 to p 102 line 1.

[note: 30]AB 109.

[note: 31]AB 110.

[note: 32]Cheong’s Supplementary AEIC, para 29.

[note: 33]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 102, lines 2–20.

[note: 34]AB 112.

[note: 35]Cheong’s AEIC, pp 63–64.

[note: 36]AB 121.

[note: 37]AB 122.

[note: 38]AB 123.

[note: 39]Tan’s AEIC, para 37.

[note: 40]AB 124.

[note: 41]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 74, lines 9 – 16; NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 63 line 16
to p 65 line 11; Tan’s AEIC, para 36(c); DCS, para 11(g); see also PRS, paras
48 – 53.

[note: 42]AB 125–126.

[note: 43]AB 127.

[note: 44]AB 128.

[note: 45]AB 130.

[note: 46]AB 131–132.

[note: 47]PCS, para 49.

[note: 48]AB 133.

[note: 49]AB 138–140.

[note: 50]AB 142.

[note: 51]AB 146–147.

[note: 52]AB 148.

[note: 53]AB 149–150.

[note: 54]Cheong’s AEIC, paras 6–9, 13.

[note: 55]PCS, paras 164–166.

[note: 56]PCS, para 67.

[note: 57]PCS, paras 111–112.

[note: 58]PCS, para 113.

[note: 59]PCS, para 82.

[note: 60]AB 15.

[note: 61]NE, 16 Apr 2014, p 54 line 7 to p 59 line 22.

[note: 62]NE, 15 Apr 2014, pp 105–106.

[note: 63]PCS, para 91.

[note: 64]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 74, lines 9–16.

[note: 65]NE, 15 Apr 2014, p 89, lines 5–14.

[note: 66]NE, 16 Apr 2014, p 56.

[note: 67]NE, 16 Apr 2014, pp 57–58.

[note: 68]DRS, para 41.

[note: 69]DRS, paras 22–23.

[note: 70]DCS, paras 38–40.

[note: 71]DFS, paras 3–4.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Sep 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

