Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Krishna Kumaran s/o K Ramakrishnan _v_ Kuppusamy s/o Ramakrishnan  
[2014] SGHC 158

Case Number| :| Suit No 678 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 179 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 August 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mohamed Niroze Idroos and Narayanan Vijya Kumar (Vijay &
Co) for the plaintiff; Michael Moey Chin Woon and V Gyana Sambandan (Moey &
Yuen) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Krishna Kumaran s/o K Ramakrishnan — Kuppusamy s/o Ramakrishnan  
  
11 August 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 This case concerns a dispute between two brothers (“the Parties”) over their
family home (“the Property”). The Plaintiff, having transferred his interest
in the Property to the Defendant, now claims that the Defendant’s cheques for
the purchase price of $255,997.62 were dishonoured. He is suing the Defendant
for that sum. In his defence, the Defendant avers that although the Plaintiff
had a 32% legal interest in the Property, his beneficial interest was only
8.61% and he had already separately received a payment of $95,194.83 for the
transfer of his beneficial interest. The Defendant says that the cheques for
the sum of $255,997.62 were issued solely to facilitate the transfer of legal
title. The Parties had never meant for them to be presented for payment.

2 This appeal arises out of an application filed by the Plaintiff in Summons
No 6252 of 2013 to strike out an email (“the Email”) included in the
Defendant’s list of documents dated 15 February 2013 and expunge the Email
from court records. The issues are whether the Email is covered by “without
prejudice” (“WP”) privilege, and, if so, whether that privilege had been
waived by the Plaintiff.

The facts

3 It is not disputed that the legal interest in the Property was held by the
following persons as tenants-in-common in the following shares:

(a) The Defendant and his wife – 33%

(b) The Parties’ father – 33%

(c) The Plaintiff – 32%

(d) The Plaintiff’s wife – 1%

(e) The Parties’ sister – 1%

4 Sometime in September or October 2011, the Plaintiff, his wife and the
Parties’ sister agreed to transfer their respective shares in the Property to
the Defendant. The Defendant says that he and the Plaintiff had agreed that
the latter would be paid $95,194.83 for his share of the Property as this was
the value of his beneficial interest in proportion to his contribution towards
the purchase price of the Property. However, the Plaintiff denies that there
was such an agreement and maintains that both his legal and beneficial
interest in the Property was 32%.

5 On 16 February 2012, the Plaintiff sent the Email to Thanaraj s/o
Ramakrishnan (“Raj”), who is a brother of the Parties. The Email stated as
follows:

Hi,

Please refer to the New “Lentor Updated” spreadsheet file.

I need the $186,000 to purchase a new flat.

Tks.

Kumar

Attached to the Email were two tables setting out what was said to be the
Plaintiff’s and the Defendant’s share entitlements in the Property. The
Plaintiff explained that the tables were prepared by a family friend using
data given by the Defendant and then amended by the Plaintiff. The first table
stated that $144,000 was payable to the Plaintiff while the second table,
which was based on a higher valuation of the Property, stated that $186,000
was payable to the Plaintiff after setting off a debt of $22,000 owed by the
Plaintiff to the Defendant. Raj did not reply to the Email and forwarded it to
the Defendant on 12 October 2012.

6 On 26 March 2012, the Defendant issued two cheques for $33,320 and
$222,677.92 respectively to the Plaintiff. On 28 March 2012, the transfer of
legal interests to the Defendant was completed. The cheques were returned
dishonoured on 6 and 21 June 2012 respectively.

7 On 15 August 2012, the Plaintiff commenced these proceedings against the
Defendant. The Defendant filed his Defence and Counterclaim on 11 September
2012 wherein he referred at para 15(a) to three emails exchanged between a
family friend and the Defendant’s wife on 23 and 27 February 2012, purportedly
showing the Plaintiff’s knowledge that the cheques drawn by the Defendant were
not to be presented for payment. In the Plaintiff’s Reply, he pleaded that the
emails were sent on a WP basis. The Defendant and the Plaintiff filed their
lists of documents on 15 February 2013 and 25 March 2013 respectively.

8 On 15 May 2013, the Plaintiff filed Summons No 2532 of 2013 (“SUM
2532/2013”) applying to strike out the paragraphs in the Parties’ pleadings
that referred to the three emails as well as all references to the three
emails in the Parties’ lists of documents. The Plaintiff argued that those
emails were covered by WP privilege because they were sent in an attempt to
resolve the Parties’ dispute. The Defendant replied that the three emails were
not privileged and exhibited the Email (among other documents) in his reply
affidavit to support his contentions. The Plaintiff’s application was allowed
by an assistant registrar and the Defendant’s appeal was dismissed by a High
Court Judge.

9 On 3 December 2013, the Plaintiff filed this application in respect of the
Email. The assistant registrar (“the AR”) found that the Email was covered by
WP privilege because it was sent in an attempt to settle a genuine dispute and
contained an admission against the Plaintiff’s interests. However, the AR took
the view that privilege had been waived by the Plaintiff because the Email was
exhibited in the Defendant’s affidavit for SUM 2532/2013 as well as the
Plaintiff’s own affidavit for this application. He therefore dismissed the
Plaintiff’s application. The Plaintiff appealed.

My decision

Was the Email covered by WP privilege?

Whether the privilege applies against third parties

10 The starting point for considering claims of WP privilege is s 23(1) of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”), which provides as follows:

**Admissions in civil cases when relevant**

**23.** —(1) In civil cases, no admission is relevant if it is made —

(a) upon an express condition that evidence of it is not to be given; or

(b) upon circumstances from which the court can infer that the parties agreed
together that evidence of it should not be given.

11 Since the Email was sent by the Plaintiff to Raj and not the Defendant, and
there is no evidence that Raj was acting as the Defendant’s agent, a
preliminary issue is whether s 23(1) prevents a litigant who was _not_ a party
to the WP communication from adducing evidence of it. The Defendant submits
that it does not. He referred me to _Lim Tjoen Kong v A-B Chew Investments Pte
Ltd_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 168 (“ _Lim Tjoen Kong (CA)_ ”) at [21], where the Court
of Appeal observed that “[a] literal reading of s 23 suggests that the
privilege from disclosure of without prejudice negotiations is confined to the
parties to the action (and their solicitors or agents)”. He also cited _Mariwu
Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd v Dextra Asia Co Ltd and another_ [2006] 4 SLR(R)
807 (“ _Mariwu_ ”), where Chan CJ, writing on behalf of the Court of Appeal,
stated (at [25]):

In [_Lim Tjoen Kong (CA)_], I said that a literal reading of s 23 suggested
that the section appeared to be confined to the parties to the action (and
their solicitors and agents). … I continue to hold this view. Section 23,
properly construed, only refers to situations where it is the parties to the
negotiations themselves who are attempting to renege on an express or implied
agreement not to use admissions made in the course of negotiations against
each other. The admissions in such cases are not relevant.

12 I accept that s 23(1) does not apply in the present case where a third
party to the communication is seeking to adduce evidence of it. But that is
not the end of the matter – I still have to consider the common law on WP
privilege. In _Rush & Tompkins Ltd v Greater London Council and another_
[1989] AC 1280 (“ _Rush & Tompkins_”), the issue was whether the second
defendant could obtain specific discovery of WP communications between the
plaintiff and the first defendant which resulted in a settlement between the
latter two parties. The House of Lords held that WP privilege operated to
shield those communications from disclosure even though the second defendant
was not a party to them. Lord Griffiths stated the court’s reasoning as
follows (at 1301):

… Suppose the main contractor in an attempt to settle a dispute with one
subcontractor made certain admissions it is clear law that those admissions
cannot be used against him if there is no settlement. The reason they are not
to be used is because it would discourage settlement if he believed that the
admissions might be held against him. But it would surely be equally
discouraging if the main contractor knew that if he achieved a settlement
those admissions could then be used against him by any other subcontractor
with whom he might also be in dispute. The main contractor might well be
prepared to make certain concessions to settle some modest claim which he
would never make in the face of another far larger claim. It seems to me that
if those admissions made to achieve settlement of a piece of minor litigation
could be held against him in a subsequent major litigation it would actively
discourage settlement of the minor litigation and run counter to the whole
underlying purpose of the "without prejudice" rule. _I would therefore hold
that as a general rule the "without prejudice" rule renders inadmissible in
any subsequent litigation connected with the same subject matter proof of any
admissions made in a genuine attempt to reach a settlement._ It of course goes
without saying that admissions made to reach settlement with a different party
within the same litigation are also inadmissible whether or not settlement was
reached with that party. [emphasis added]

13 In _Mariwu_ , the Court of Appeal held that the rule of evidence set out in
_Rush & Tompkins_ was applicable in Singapore as it was consistent with s
23(1) of the EA (at [28]):

Section 23's silence on the situation where a third party is involved does not
mean that he is free to adduce "without prejudice" evidence. The situation
remains governed by common law. In [_Lim Tjoen Kong (CA)_], I left the
question open whether _Rush & Tompkins_ was or was not inconsistent with s 23
because of the lack of adequate argument on this point by counsel. Given our
interpretation that the rationale of the s 23 privilege is to encourage
settlements, I can see no inconsistency between that section and _Rush &
Tompkins_.

14 The question then is whether the rule in _Rush & Tompkins_ applies in the
present case. I note that unlike in _Rush & Tompkins_, where a party was
seeking disclosure of a WP communication between two other disputing parties,
here there is no dispute between the Plaintiff and Raj _per se_. The Plaintiff
deposed that he sent the Email to Raj because he and the Defendant were no
longer on speaking terms, and he had hoped that Raj, as the Plaintiff’s elder
brother, could help persuade the Defendant to settle the dispute. The present
case is therefore slightly different from the situation in _Rush & Tompkins_
in that Raj was not a disputing party himself but was acting as a messenger or
an informal mediator between the two disputing parties.

15 In my view, however, the WP privilege should still arise because the rule
in _Rush & Tompkins_ is based on “the public policy of encouraging litigants
to settle their differences rather than to litigate them to the finish”:
_Greenline-Onyx Envirotech Phils, Inc v Otto Systems Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2007]
3 SLR(R) 40 at [14]. The relevant consideration should be whether the
communication in question was made in an attempt to settle a dispute, and not
whether there was a dispute between the two parties to the communication. In
my judgment, the doctrine of WP privilege is flexible enough to cater to
situations where the relationship between two disputing parties has broken
down to such an extent that they have to communicate through a third party to
negotiate a settlement. This is necessary to cover, for instance,
communications made to a mediator in the course of mediation, which has been
accepted by the English courts as a form of “assisted without privilege
negotiation” that is privileged: _Aird v Prime Meridian Ltd_ [2006] EWCA Civ
1866 at [5]. I hasten to add that I make no finding that Raj was acting as a
mediator in the present case; in my view it is sufficient for the purposes of
WP privilege that he was a conduit through which a communication made for the
purpose of settlement was passed from the Plaintiff to the Defendant. Thus,
assuming that the Email was sent by the Plaintiff in an attempt to settle a
dispute with the Defendant, the fact that it was originally sent to Raj (who
then forwarded it to the Defendant) does not prevent the Plaintiff from
asserting WP privilege over it as against the Defendant.

16 I now turn to consider whether the usual requirements for WP privilege are
satisfied, namely, whether the Email was (a) written in the course of
negotiations to settle a dispute; and (b) contained an admission: _Mariwu_ at
[29].

Whether the Email was written in the course of negotiations to settle a
dispute

17 The Defendant argues that there was no dispute on 16 February 2012 when the
Email was sent. This is because two weeks later, on 29 February 2012, the
Plaintiff had confirmed with the conveyancing solicitors that they were to
proceed with the completion of the transfer on 28 March 2012. The Defendant
says that the Plaintiff would not have given the go-ahead for completion if
there had been a dispute as to his beneficial interest in the Property.

18 This argument is unconvincing. The fact that the Plaintiff had proceeded
with completion is equivocal given that the issue is whether the Plaintiff is
entitled to the stated purchase price of $255,997.62. He might have proceeded
with completion with the intention of presenting the Defendant’s cheques for
payment. In any event, the question of whether there was a dispute between the
Plaintiff and the Defendant as at 16 February 2012 is _res judicata_ , because
the AR in SUM 2532/2013 had expressly found that the dispute between the
Parties concerning the Property had crystallised by January 2012 and that they
were still in the course of negotiations as at 27 February 2012 (when one of
the emails in issue in SUM 2532/2013 was sent).[note: 1] This decision was
upheld by the High Court Judge and there has been no further appeal. The
Defendant is therefore estopped from relitigating the issue of whether there
was a dispute between the Parties over the Property at the time the Email was
sent.

Whether the Email contained an admission

19 An “admission” is defined in s 17(1) of the EA as “a statement, oral or
documentary, which suggests any inference as to any fact in issue or relevant
fact, and which is made by any of the persons and under the circumstances
hereinafter mentioned”. I will adopt this definition for the purposes of
determining whether there is WP privilege in the Email.

20 Although the Email was rather brief, when read together with the attached
tables it appears to me that the Plaintiff was offering to transfer his share
in the Property to the Defendant for $186,000. This sum is lower than the
stated contract price of $255,997.62 and the Plaintiff’s offer suggests an
inference as to the proper share and/or value of his beneficial interest in
the Property. It also suggests an inference as to whether the Parties had in
fact agreed that the Plaintiff would be paid $255,997.62 for his share in the
Property. In my judgment, the Email clearly contained an admission by the
Plaintiff. I therefore find that the Email was covered by WP privilege and
move on to the next issue of whether that privilege had been waived.

Was WP privilege waived by the Plaintiff?

21 The Defendant contends that even if WP privilege had subsisted in the
Email, it was waived by the Plaintiff because:

(a) the Email was exhibited in the Defendant’s affidavit dated 14 June 2013
and the Plaintiff did not seek to expunge it; and

(b) the Email has been exhibited by the Plaintiff in its affidavit in support
of the present application.

The AR agreed with the Defendant and held that privilege had “inadvertently”
been waived by the Plaintiff.[note: 2]

22 In my view, the AR had erred insofar as he held that WP privilege could be
waived by a party inadvertently. The AR appeared to be influenced by the
decision in _Tentat Singapore Pte Ltd v Multiple Granite Pte Ltd_ [2009] 1
SLR(R) 42 (“ _Tentat_ ”) at [40], where Kan Ting Chiu J said that “[w]hen a
document has become a part of the record in any court proceedings, the
information in the document enters into the public domain, and it will be too
late to preserve the privilege in the document”. However _Tentat_ was a case
dealing with legal professional privilege; the principles governing the waiver
of legal professional privilege are different from those governing the waiver
of WP privilege. As noted in _Phipson on Evidence_ (Hodge M Malek gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2013) at paras 24-25:

Waiver [of WP privilege] is different to waiver in the case of other forms of
privilege, because it takes the consent of both parties to waive the
privilege. So it is not really comparable in this regard to ordinary
privilege. In _Galliford Try Construction v Mott Macdonald Ltd_ [2008] EWHC
203] it was argued that where a party disclosed without prejudice material
relating to discussions between the parties in his list of documents, that
amounted to a waiver and the court was obliged to apply the inadvertent
disclosure principles to determine whether the disclosing party could go back
on it. As the judge correctly held, the principles on inadvertent disclosure
are not applicable to without prejudice privilege … _Inadvertent disclosure
involves trying to get back a document that is privileged and confidential as
against the other party. Where the document relates to without prejudice
discussions between the parties, the contents of the conversation can hardly
be confidential as against the other party who was present at the meeting, so
that analysis cannot apply. Waiver involves a decision by both parties to
utilise the material in court._ Mere disclosure of without prejudice documents
in a list cannot be a waiver of without prejudice privilege, in circumstances
where the documents are not confidential as against the other party. [emphasis
added]

23 Here, the Email was not confidential as against the Defendant. Thus, the
fact that the Email had been adduced as evidence in SUM 2532/2013 and in this
application cannot in itself amount to a waiver of WP privilege. It must be
shown on the circumstances of the case that the Plaintiff had expressly or
impliedly agreed to the waiver of WP privilege over the Email: Jeffrey
Pinsler, _Evidence and the Litigation Process_ (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2013) at
para 15.024.

24 _A-B Chew Investments Pte Ltd v Lim Tjoen Kong_ [1989] 2 SLR(R) 149 (“ _Lim
Tjoen Kong (HC)_ ”) provides a good example of the circumstances in which a
court would find that a party had waived WP privilege by adducing evidence of
WP communications. In that case, the defendant had filed two affidavits which
referred to certain negotiations between himself and the plaintiff. The
plaintiff filed a reply affidavit disputing the defendant’s version of the
negotiations and putting forward its own version. The defendant then filed a
further affidavit challenging the plaintiff’s version and giving more details
of the negotiations, to which the plaintiff responded in yet another
affidavit. Finally, the defendant filed an application to strike out all
references to the negotiations in the plaintiff’s affidavits on the basis that
they were WP. The High Court judge dismissed the defendant’s application,
reasoning as follows (at [24]–[25]):

24 In our case, it is the defendant who opened the door of privilege by
allowing reference to be made to the privileged discussions in Khoo's
affidavit filed on 12 March 1986 and Gozali's affidavit filed on 14 March
1986. The plaintiffs in Chew's affidavit filed on 3 May 1986 had merely sought
to challenge the version given in the affidavits filed by the defendant. The
defendant could have taken out an application to strike out then but did not
do so. Instead, it replied with a further affidavit of Khoo's filed on 15 May
1986 which descended into the details of what had actually transpired. Rather
than close the door of privilege, the defendant and his solicitors opened it
even wider. By their conduct, they had waived the privilege.

25 _In my view, public policy cannot allow a party who refers to "without
prejudice" negotiations in an affidavit (or who files such an affidavit by
some other deponent) thinking such reference is in his favour, later, upon his
adversary filing an affidavit with references to the initiator's disadvantage,
to claim privilege._ If he were permitted to do so, much time would be wasted
and unnecessary steps in pre-trial procedure have to be taken.

[emphasis added]

The Court of Appeal agreed with the judge and dismissed the defendant’s appeal
(see _Lim Tjoen Kong (CA)_ at [34]).

25 A case where the court reached an opposite conclusion was _Sobell v Boston
and others_ [1975] 1 WLR 1587 (“ _Sobell v Boston_ ”). In that case, the
plaintiff swore an affidavit referring to certain discussions. The defendant
replied with an affidavit giving his own version of the discussion but adding
that the whole discussion was conducted on a WP basis. Goff J held that the
defendant’s conduct did not amount to a waiver of WP privilege (at 1592–1593):

With regard to the second ground, Mr. Boston's affidavit could not, in my
judgment, of itself be a waiver. Where the evidence is given by affidavit the
opposing party is faced with a dilemma. If he says, merely, "I am advised that
this is inadmissible and I need not answer it," then if the objection is
overruled he must seek an adjournment which may not be allowed or which may be
allowed only on adverse terms as to costs, and if he does not, or if his
application be not granted, he will be left with no evidence on his side. I
cannot think that the privilege can be waived by an affidavit which says, "I
object that my opponent's affidavit is inadmissible because the matter it
contains is privileged, but in any case should the evidence be received, I say
that it is wrong, and this is my version." Of course, when the affidavits are
being read counsel should at once object, and if he allows the offending
affidavit to be read without objection, he may well waive the privilege
despite the form of his own affidavit, but here Mr. Libbert for the defendants
made it clear from the outset that he did object, and I only received the
affidavits on this point de bene esse pending argument. Accordingly in my
judgment there was no waiver on this head.

26 In the present case, it was the Defendant who first adduced evidence of the
Email and sought to rely on it. He stated in his affidavit dated 14 June 2013
(at para 15):

On 3 February 2013, the Plaintiff wrote to our brother, Raj, to inform him
that he needed $186,000 to purchase a new flat and enclosed 2 spreadsheets.
The first was his calculation that he deserved $144,000 based on the value of
the property at $2 million and the second amount of $208,000 was based on the
value of the property at $2.4 million. Both spreadsheets showed that he
deserved 16% of the Property. In the 2nd spreadsheet, the Plaintiff admitted
owing me a sum of $22,000.00 and deducted the same from the sum of $208,000
and showing the balance sum of $186,000 as being payable to him. A copy of
each of the email and spreadsheets are produced before me and marked “**KR-3**
”.

27 The Plaintiff then replied in his affidavit dated 28 June 2013 explaining
his reasons for sending the Email and saying that the Email was sent on a WP
basis (at para 13):

My brother Raj, who is residing in Australia, also tried to mediate and
resolve the dispute between the Defendant and myself. I sent him the email of
3 February 2012, purely to co-operate and try to preserve family unity. Purely
for the purpose of settlement, I was then willing to accept a sum of
S$186,000.00 which was based on the Defendant’s calculations and his alleged
claim that I owed him S$22,000. The Defendant failed to agree even to this
amount. _All these were done on a without prejudice basis._ [emphasis added]

28 Clearly, the present case is very different from _Lim Tjoen Kong (HC)_ and
much closer to the factual matrix in _Sobell v Boston_. Here, the Plaintiff
was not the one who sought to rely on the Email; the _Defendant_ was the one
who included it in his list of documents and adduced evidence of it in SUM
2532/2013. Moreover, the Plaintiff had expressly claimed WP privilege over the
Email in his reply affidavit in SUM 2532/2013. It therefore cannot be said
that the Plaintiff had impliedly consented to the waiver of privilege by his
conduct in SUM 2532/2013.

29 The Plaintiff’s introduction of the Email into evidence for the purposes of
the present application similarly cannot amount to a waiver. The whole purpose
of this application is to strike out all references to the Email and expunge
it from court records on the basis that it was privileged, and it was
necessary to exhibit a copy of the Email so that the court could make an
informed decision on whether the requirements of WP privilege have been met.
It would be perverse to say that by doing so, the Plaintiff had “consented” to
the waiver. It bears reiterating that when it comes to WP privilege, the issue
is whether a communication that both parties are already privy to (barring
cases where a third party is seeking disclosure of a WP communication, as in
_Rush & Tompkins_) may be used as evidence in the proceedings between them. In
other words, the issue is admissibility and not confidentiality. It is
therefore senseless to argue that WP privilege is lost or waived simply
because there is disclosure of the privileged document to the Defendant or to
the court. The court has to consider all the circumstances of the case to
determine whether such disclosure amounts to consent by the disclosing party
to waive WP privilege. In the present case it is clear that the Plaintiff has
not waived and does not intend to waive WP privilege.

Conclusion

30 For the foregoing reasons, I allow the Plaintiff’s appeal and grant an
order in terms of Prayers One and Two of his application. The Plaintiff is
entitled to costs here and below to be taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]NE dated 16 August 2013 by AR Edwin San, p 5.

[note: 2]NE dated 8 May 2014, p 14.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Aug 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

