Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd _v_ Moh Seng Cranes Pte Ltd and others  
[2014] SGCA 6

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No. 4 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; V K Rajah JA; Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lynette Chew and Gadriel Tan (Stamford Law Corporation)
for the appellant; Raymond Lye, Cheryl-Anne Yeo and Collen Lim (CitiLegal LLC)
for the first respondent; Willie Yeo Siew Keng (Yeo Marini & Partners) for the
second respondent; and David Gan (DG Law LLC) for the third respondent.  
Parties| :|  Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd — Moh Seng Cranes Pte Ltd and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 2 SLR 1.]

21 January 2014|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This appeal relates to a decision by a High Court judge (“the Judge”) who
found the main contractor of a construction project at Biopolis
Drive/Biomedical Grove solely liable in negligence for the collapse of a crane
into a concealed manhole at the worksite. At the hearing, we decided to allow
the appeal in part and re-apportion the liability between the main contractor
and the subcontractor. We now give the grounds for our decision, which
includes discussion of important issues pertaining to the legal responsibility
for worksite safety, the relationship between the statutory framework and
common law duties and the applicable standard of care.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

2 The appellant, Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd (“JPW”), was appointed by Crescendas
Bionix Pte Ltd (“Crescendas”) the main management contractor to build a seven-
storey multi-user business park development at a worksite located off Biopolis
Drive/Biopolis Grove (“the worksite”).

3 The first respondent, Moh Seng Cranes Pte. Ltd. (“Moh Seng”), is in the
business of letting out lifting cranes for hire. It was the owner of the
damaged lifting crane WB 2032L (“crane”) and employer of one Lian Lam Hoe
(“Lian”) who was operating the crane when the accident occurred.

4 The second respondent, Hup Hin Transport Co Pte Ltd (“Hup Hin”), leases
heavy equipment, including lifting cranes. It had a rental agreement dated 3
March 2010 with JPW for the supply of cranes to the worksite on a per call
basis (“crane supply contract”) and a hiring contract dated 7 August 2008 with
Moh Seng to hire Moh Seng’s mobile cranes whenever required (“hiring
contract”).

5 The third respondent, MA Builders Pte Ltd (“MA”), had various subcontracts
(_viz_ , the Temporary Works Subcontract dated 13 August 2008, the RC
Subcontract dated 30 June 2009, the External Works Subcontract dated 5 January
2010 and the Wet Trades Subcontract dated 13 January 2010) (collectively,
“subcontracts”) with the Appellant to carry out structural, architectural and
external works on the worksite. The flow chart below helps to illustrate the
various relationships:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Background to the dispute

6 On 10 June 2010, MA made a request to JPW for a mobile crane to lift some
steel rebars. JPW in turn then requested a 50-tonne mobile crane from Hup Hin
to be delivered to the worksite the next day. MA asserted that they had
actually made a request for an 80-tonne mobile crane, not a 50-tonne mobile
crane, and received no satisfactory reason from JPW why a 50-tonne crane was
ordered instead. JPW disputed this. Nevertheless, as Hup Hin did not have any
50-tonne cranes immediately available for hire, Hup Hin hired one from Moh
Seng, on the basis that it would be delivered to the worksite the next
morning.

7 On 11 June 2010, Lian drove the crane to the worksite. Upon arrival, he was
directed by Kolanjiapan Sunder, the lifting supervisor (“Lifting Supervisor”)
employed by MA, to park the crane at a designated location identified as “CL2”
on the sitemap used in the proceedings below. CL2 was the location where the
manhole was at. Lian raised concerns with the Lifting Supervisor that the
designated location might be unable to take the weight of the crane. The
Lifting Supervisor responded by assuring him that the ground comprised of hard
flooring that could support the crane’s weight. Lian, nevertheless, continued
to harbour concerns about the ground conditions and conveyed this to JPW’s
Safety Officer, Kuah Teck Heng (“JPW’s Safety Officer”). JPW’s Safety Officer,
after conferring with the Lifting Supervisor, reassured Lian that the ground
indeed comprised of hard flooring.[note: 1] Relying on these assurances, Lian
proceeded to deploy the crane in accordance with the instructions given by the
Lifting Supervisor.

8 During the course of lifting at CL2, part of the crane collapsed into a
concealed manhole in the following manner: while the crane’s left back
outrigger was resting near the manhole, the boom of the crane swung from the
left front of the crane towards the left back outrigger. The left back
outrigger broke through the manhole cover and collapsed into the manhole,
causing the crane to topple over. The parties all denied having knowledge of
the manhole’s existence at the material time, and the manhole itself was not
visible as it had been covered up with layers of brown soil when the accident
occurred.

The decision below

9 The Judge confined his analysis to the following three issues:

(a) whether Moh Seng had a claim against Hup Hin in contract/bailment;

(b) whether Moh Seng had a claim against JPW and/or MA for negligence; and

(c) whether JPW was contractually entitled to be indemnified by Hup Hin and/or
MA under their respective contracts with JPW.

10 On the first issue, the Judge observed in _Moh Seng Cranes Pte Ltd v Hup
Hin Transport Co Pte Ltd and others_[2013] 2 SLR 1 (“GD”) that there was
nothing in the crane supply contract between JPW and Hup Hin which obliged Hup
Hin to secure cranes for JPW or to provide an unremunerated lifting supervisor
for the worksite. He found that the legal basis of the relationship between
JPW, Hup Hin and Moh Seng was an oral contract between the three parties (“the
oral contract”) for Moh Seng to provide a crane with an operator to JPW on 11
June 2010, with no further role or involvement of Hup Hin save that Hup Hin
would pay Moh Seng at the rates provided in the hiring contract. Hup Hin would
in turn be paid by JPW at the rates provided in the crane supply contract.
This oral contract was implemented by Moh Seng sending its crane, and JPW
receiving it at the worksite.

11 As JPW was not a party to the hiring contract, the general “**Terms And
Conditions** ” [emphasis in original] attached to the hiring contract were not
incorporated as terms of the oral contract. The Judge also rejected Moh Seng’s
claims that there was an implied term in the hiring contract that Hup Hin
would assume responsibility for the crane, and that there was a contract of
bailment for valuable consideration. As regards the latter claim, the Judge
found that the facts in the present case did not point towards the existence
of a bailor-bailee relationship. Hup Hin had never received possession of the
crane, which was delivered directly by Moh Seng to JPW at the worksite. Moh
Seng’s contention that Hup Hin had received constructive possession or control
of the crane and then “sub-hired” it to JPW was untenable in light of the
factual matrix.

12 On the second issue, the Judge found that it was “undisputed that the
proximate cause of the damage to the crane was the manhole which was concealed
at the time of the lifting operations on 11 June 2010” (GD at [24]). He then
held that the test in _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science &
Technology Agency_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“ _Spandeck_ ”) was satisfied in
relation to JPW’s liability. Factual foreseeability was established as it was
clearly foreseeable that JPW’s failure to take precautions with respect to a
known unconcealed manhole could result in damage. Legal proximity was
satisfied by the fact that JPW had ordered the crane for lifting works. There
were also no policy reasons weighing against the imposition of such a duty of
care on JPW. In fact, imposing such a duty would be consistent with the policy
reasons underlying the Workplace Safety and Health Act (Cap 354A, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“the WSHA”). Despite having knowledge about the manhole by 12 August 2008,
JPW did nothing about it. MA could not have knowledge about the manhole, as
they would never have constructed a washing bay close to the manhole if it was
aware that the manhole was nearby. The Judge found that JPW did not take
reasonable care to properly mark and cordon off the manhole and direct the
subcontractors to take the appropriate action.

13 The Judge also held that there was no contributory negligence attributable
to Moh Seng and MA. Lian had acted reasonably and had fully discharged his
responsibility as a crane operator. As to whether MA had contributed to the
damage due to its nearby excavation works as the excavated soil would have run
off to cover the manhole, the Judge found that the manhole remained concealed
even before the excavated soil run-off. MA, therefore, did not contribute to
the accident as the excavation work had been carried out without knowledge of
the manhole’s existence.

14 On the third issue, the Judge dismissed JPW’s contractual claims against
both Hup Hin and MA. He found that the crane supply contract which contained
the indemnity clauses was a bilateral contract between JPW and Hup Hin, and
was not incorporated into the oral contract between the three parties. He also
found that JPW’s claim against MA for breach of the subcontracts in failing to
comply with all workplace safety requirements failed as he had already
rejected JPW’s Safety Officer’s evidence that he had instructed the crane to
be removed from the washing bay area. The Judge construed “wilful default” as
used in the indemnity clause (cl 12.3.4) in the subcontract to refer to JPW’s
failure to take reasonable care in the circumstances, which he had earlier
established. Hence, JPW had no basis to claim an indemnity from MA.

Appellant’s case

15 JPW’s main focus in this appeal was on the Judge’s finding that JPW was
solely liable to Moh Seng for negligence, without any contribution from MA and
Hup Hin. On this issue, JPW disputed a few of the Judge’s _factual_ findings
and asserted the following: (a) the Lifting Supervisor was not an agent or
representative of JPW, but MA; (b) MA was aware of the existence of the
manhole which had been concealed by the soil excavated by MA; and (c) JPW’s
Safety Officer had asked for the crane to be removed from the danger area.

16 Legally, JPW asserted that no duty of care arose as there was no legal
proximity: there was no close and direct relationship between JPW and Moh
Seng, and the fact that JPW was the licensed occupier did not suffice to
establish proximity. Further, as a matter of policy, a duty of care should not
be superimposed on a contractual framework, such as the two written contracts
(hiring contract and crane supply contract). As to the standard of care, JPW
emphasised that they were only the _occupiers_ of the worksite (as holder of
the factory license) and should have their duties limited to appointing a
qualified lifting supervisor, implementing a permit-to-work system and
ensuring that MA carried out its work properly and safely. There was no breach
of any duty of care as JPW had already taken all reasonably practicable safety
measures. On the issue of causation, the Judge also failed to state how JPW’s
conduct contributed to the damage as MA was aware of the manhole too and JPW’s
Safety Officer had instructed the crane to be moved away from the CL2
location.

17 Further, even if JPW were to be found negligent, the respondents should at
least be found to be contributorily negligent. Moh Seng was negligent as Lian
did not follow JPW’s Safety Officer’s instructions, and Moh Seng had failed to
obtain the requisite permit to work for the lifting operation and to carry out
risk assessments. MA was negligent/contributorily negligent as they had
concealed the manhole, knew about the manhole and was in direct control and
possession of the area of the accident. Hup Hin was negligent in failing to
provide a site representative and not taking any steps to address the risks
involved with Lian going to the worksite for the first time.

18 Contractually, JPW argued that the Judge erred in finding a tripartite oral
contract between the three parties as this was not even pleaded, and in any
event, the parties had clearly arranged their relationships with two separate
written contracts. JPW submitted that the Judge erred in dismissing its claims
against Hup Hin and MA for contractual indemnity under the crane supply
contract and the subcontracts respectively. The Judge also erred in dismissing
JPW’s claim against Hup Hin and MA for the breach of those two contracts.

Respondents’ case

Moh Seng’s arguments

19 Moh Seng argued that JPW clearly owed a duty of care as it (a) had overall
control and possession of the worksite; (b) knew about the presence of the
manhole; (c) designated the crane access at the worksite; (d) reviewed MA’s
risk assessments; and (e) had its own Safety Officer who expected to be obeyed
by everyone else. This was further affirmed by the statutory regime put in
place by the WSHA. There was no contributory negligence on Moh Seng’s part due
to Lian’s acts of prudence at the material time. In fact, Lian had gone beyond
his duty by informing the Lifting Supervisor and JPW’s Safety Officer of his
concerns regarding the ground conditions.

Hup Hin’s arguments

20 Hup Hin argued that it was undisputed industry practice that (a) the owner
of the crane supplied a crane operator; (b) the hire of a crane did not come
with a lifting or site supervisor, rigger and signalman unless requested for;
(c) the crane owner was responsible for the insurance of the crane; and (d)
the crane owner would be responsible for losses and damages to a crane if an
accident was caused by its own operator. Moreover, on a broader causation
issue, it was clear that Hup Hin was never involved with any of that morning’s
events and the evidence showed that the accident was caused by the systemic
failure in JPW’s work system in failing to detect the presence of a manhole
which they should have been aware of.

MA’s arguments

21 MA argued that JPW took a serious risk in failing to cordon off or place
warning signs to alert the subcontractors to the presence of the manhole,
despite having effective control of the worksite and principal responsibility
for the worksite under the WSHA. MA, in turn, was not liable in negligence
because the lifting operations in question were not part of MA’s duties. The
Lifting Supervisor was not under MA’s supervision and direction at that time
(as he had been seconded to JPW pursuant to a secondment agreement, or was
_pro hac vice_ the servant and/or agent of JPW’s). Moreover, MA had no
knowledge and could not be expected to have any knowledge of the manhole; in
fact, MA would not even be able to meet the threshold factual foreseeability
test in _Spandeck_ as they were not even aware of the concealed manhole. Even
if factual foreseeability was made out, there was no proximity between Moh
Seng and MA to support the imposition of a duty of care: there was no
contractual relationship, and neither had Moh Seng relied on MA for the
lifting operation.

Issues before this Court

22 Three broad issues were put before us:

(a) whether JPW, MA, Hup Hin and/or Moh Seng were negligent;

(b) whether MA and/or Hup Hin were in breach of their contracts with JPW; and

(c) whether JPW should be indemnified by MA and/or Hup Hin.

Common law negligence

Factual disputes

23 Two factual disputes remained alive, namely, (a) whether the Lifting
Supervisor was representing JPW or MA at the time of the accident; and (b)
whether JPW’s Safety Officer had given certain instructions to Lian on the
morning of the accident. We will address them both before considering the
legal issues.

(1) Lifting Supervisor: JPW or MA?

24 JPW and MA took contrary stances as to who employed the Lifting Supervisor.
The Judge stated that it was _undisputed_ that “JPW’s Worksite representatives
included ... Lifting Supervisor Kolanjiapan Sunder (“Lifting Supervisor”)” (GD
at [18]). However, with respect, it was odd that the Judge should have come to
that conclusion given that this issue _was_ in fact disputed at the trial
below and continued to be so on appeal. In essence, JPW contended that “it is
not disputed that the Lifting Supervisor is [MA’s] employee”[note: 2] while MA
maintained that the Lifting Supervisor was “ _pro hac vice_ of [JPW]” and on
“secondment”[note: 3] to JPW.

25 The confusion may be traced to an interim agreement made during a project
meeting on 27 August 2009, during which MA’s Project Manager Roger Kung and
JPW’s Senior Project Manager Teo Boon Thong discussed, _inter alia_ , an
arrangement for MA to provide lifting supervisors for some crawler crane
lifting operations. At that point, JPW did not have its own qualified lifting
supervisors as the employees designated by JPW to be lifting supervisors were
due to go on course. On 28 August 2009 at 2.22pm, Roger Kung sent Teo Boon
Thong an email briefly mentioning the salient points of the meeting:

Further to yesterday’s meeting at Jurong Summit Office. Please refer to the
below confirmed items by your management:

1)Additional Mobile Crane to cover working areas where the 2 nos of crawler
cranes can’t be reached (By JPW) MA will give notice to JPW 2 days in advance
for crane booking

2) _Provision of Lifting Supervisior (sic) & Signal men (By JPW)_.

...

[emphasis added]

26 On the same day at 5.11pm, Teo Boon Thong replied, stating as follows[note:
4]:

2\. As discussed but MA to provide own riggers. _In the mean time, we request
MA assistance to provide the lift supervisors while we arrange for JPW’s lift
supervisor_.

[emphasis added]

27 MA relied on these two emails as evidence of a purported secondment
arrangement between JPW and MA. However, JPW subsequently appointed its own
lifting supervisors Thiein Htut Win and Than Htike Aung who qualified for
their roles on 27 October 2009 and 23 September 2009 respectively, which,
according to JPW, signalled the end of the Lifting Supervisor’s secondment to
them. Accordingly, at the time of the accident the Lifting Supervisor was no
longer acting for JPW, but was acting as MA’s site supervisor in addition to
being their lifting supervisor.

28 Several facts persuaded us that JPW’s version of events was to be
preferred, _ie_ , the Lifting Supervisor was employed by MA at the time of the
accident. First, on the day of the accident he was wearing a white helmet with
a “MA Builders” logo on it, a headgear worn by MA’s site supervisors, in
contrast with the brown helmets worn by lifting supervisors – a practice
confirmed by MA’s Roger Kung[note: 5]. Secondly, the Lifting Supervisor signed
off with “S/S” (representing “site supervisor”) on the second permit to work,
under “ _Application by Supervisor-in-charge_ ”, indicating that he was making
the application as a site supervisor. This was a position that he had held
under MA. Thirdly, the Lifting Supervisor identified himself as an employee of
MA to the Ministry of Manpower’s Koh Chin Chin, who interviewed the Lifting
Supervisor after the accident[note: 6]:

Court:  |  Did you ask him who employed him?  
---|---  
[Koh Chin Chin]:  |  On his work permit card, it says “Aloft Builders”.  
Court:  |  Who---  
Witness:  |  I was told that Aloft Builders is, erm, MA Builders’ subsidiary  
... |   
Witness:  |  Yah, when I took the statement, I asked, “Hey, your card says ‘Aloft Builders’ like”---  
Court:  |  “Who are they?”  
Witness:  |  Yes, I asked.  
Court:  |  Then?  
Witness:  |  And then that’s what he told me. I---I’ll ask more to find out whether it was a labour supplier or if he’s a direct employee. And he said, “This is under MA Builders.”  
  
  

29 Koh Chin Chin also testified that the Lifting Supervisor had indicated that
he took instructions only from MA’s Roger Kung[note: 7]:

Witness:  |  \---lifting sup said he got his directions from Roger Kung. He didn't get his directions from anyone else.  
---|---  
... |   
Witness: |  The lifting sup told me he got his MA Builders, erm, Roger Kung is his boss. Gave him instructions.   
  
  

30 In contrast, MA’s submission that the Lifting Supervisor was seconded to
JPW for all lifting operations, including the one during the accident or that
he was _pro hac vice_ the servant and/or agent of JPW was not borne out by the
evidence. The “LETTER OF APPOINTMENT” that MA pointed to as evidence of the
secondment appeared to be nothing more than a confirmation by the Lifting
Supervisor, _as MA’s lifting supervisor_ , to abide by statutory safety
regulations. As for the document submitted as MA’s summary of variation for
the additional lifting crew supplied evidencing the alleged secondment, there
is an item for “Additional Lifting Crew (24/12/2009-19/7/2010)”[note: 8]
amounting to an addition of $113,628.00. While this was further particularised
as “Lifting Supervisor (1 no)”, “Riggerman (2 nos)”, and “Signalman (2 nos)”,
this did not point towards a secondment arrangement as this document appeared
to be in exactly the same format as the original tender questionnaires
submitted by MA to JPW, _ie_ , it was a document varying the original tender
documents to factor in additional lifting crew which MA had engaged in
carrying out works. Notwithstanding the fact that it was unclear whether
“Lifting Supervisor (1 no)” did actually refer to Kolanjiapan Sunder on 11
July 2010, the variation document was also silent on whether the additional
lifting crew were for the purposes of carrying out works within MA’s own scope
of work or some other seconded work.

31 We were therefore satisfied that the Lifting Supervisor was not the
representative of JPW at the material time, but rather MA’s representative.

(2) JPW’s Safety Officer’s alleged instructions

32 JPW and the respondents also disputed whether JPW’s Safety Officer had
given instructions for the crane to be removed from the danger area. In his
decision, the Judge rejected JPW’s Safety Officer’s evidence that he had done
so as “it [was] puzzling that [JPW’s Safety Officer] would immediately walk
away from the scene without ensuring that his instructions were promptly
implemented”, and further, “[JPW’s] Safety Officer was accompanied by an
assistant who similarly immediately walked away and was not instructed to
remain to ensure removal of the crane” (GD at [32]).

33 We had reservations on the correctness of the Judge’s inference that JPW’s
Safety Officer ought to have stayed behind to see his instructions carried out
if he did indeed give those instructions (which JPW argued was based on
“puzzling” logic[note: 9]). However, as we were satisfied that JPW’s Safety
Officer did not give those instructions we need say no more about that
particular finding.

34 JPW’s Safety Officer affirmed in his affidavit that during his discussion
with the Lifting Supervisor, the Lifting Supervisor had told him that the land
had already been backfilled. JPW’s Safety Officer then replied that he did not
know about any filling up, and that to him “it was still a washing bay and
that the Crane cannot park [there]”.[note: 10] Therefore, he “instructed [the
Lifting Supervisor] to shift the Crane and not to park [there] any
further”.[note: 11] Subsequently, when cross-examined, JPW’s Safety Officer
modified his evidence and claimed that he not only gave the instruction for
the crane to be moved away to _the Lifting Supervisor_ , but also to _Lian_
himself.[note: 12] This point was not in JPW’s pleaded case and it was the
first occasion that JPW’s Safety Officer had brought this up. Contrary to
JPW’s Safety Officer’s (and JPW’s own Safety Coordinator) evidence, the other
two individuals at the scene, Lian and the Lifting Supervisor, both disagreed
that JPW’s Safety Officer had given the instructions for the crane to be
moved. In fact, it was only JPW’s Safety Officer who asserted that the crane
had previously been parked at a different location, identified as “CL1” on the
sitemap and relatively far away from the manhole, whereas both Lian and the
Lifting Supervisor testified that the crane had only been parked at CL2, which
was where the manhole was located at. In addition, JPW’s Safety Officer was
unable to explain why the permit-to-work for the lifting operation (which
would have authorised CL2 as the place for the crane to work[note: 13]) was
missing.

35 On the whole we found JPW’s Safety Officer’s evidence on this point to be
unsatisfactory and found that he did _not_ give the instructions for the crane
to be moved away.

Relevance of the WSHA

(1) Duty of care

36 The parties’ operational activities were all embraced by the regulatory
framework installed by the WSHA and its relevant regulations (collectively,
the “WSH Regime”). This had a significant bearing on our analysis of the
parties’ conduct, their legal responsibilities and the imputation of
negligence.

37 First, it is trite that there is no common law tort of careless performance
of a statutory duty and the mere presence of a statutory duty does not
automatically give rise to a concomitant common law duty of care (_Animal
Concerns Research & Education Society v Tan Boon Kwee_ [2011] 2 SLR 146 (“
_Animal Concerns_ ”) at [21]–[23]; _Tan Juay Pah v Kimly Construction Pte Ltd
and others_ [2012] 2 SLR 549 (“ _Tan Juay Pah_ ”) at [53]). Rather, the
presence of statutory rules would fall within the rubric of the existing
analysis for negligence. The classic framework for establishing a duty of care
was clearly stated in _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science &
Technology Agency_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“ _Spandeck_ ”). There is first a
threshold requirement of factual foreseeability before a two-stage test is
applied (_Spandeck_ at [115]). The first stage requires sufficient legal
proximity, which is determined by the closeness of the parties’ relationship,
supported by the defendant’s voluntary assumption of responsibility and the
claimant’s actual reliance. It is a multi-faceted concept which is a measure
of the parties’ relationship in terms of nearness or closeness, and can also
reflect an assumption of responsibility by one party to another. If
established, there would be a _prima facie_ duty of care. The second stage
involves policy considerations to decide if the _prima facie_ duty should be
negated, such as the presence of a contractual matrix within which parties
have defined their rights and liabilities, or the relative bargaining
positions of the parties (_Spandeck_ at [83]).

38 The effect of the WSH Regime on the issue of whether there exists a duty of
care in negligence was discussed at length in _Tan Juay Pah_ , a case which
also involved the collapse of a tower crane which resulted in the deaths of
three workers. However, a significant difference was that the alleged
negligence in _Tan Juay Pah_ was that of the _authorised examiner_ , whose
duty was prescribed under the WSH Regime, and not the _crane operator,
contractor, subcontractor and crane supplier_ , as was the case here. The main
contractor in _Tan Juay Pah_ had sued the subcontractor, which in turn brought
in the authorised examiner as a third party, claiming an indemnity against the
subcontractor in the event that the latter was found liable to the main
contractor. At the trial, the main contractor succeeded in its claim against
the subcontractor, which in turn succeeded in its claim of indemnity against
the authorised examiner. The authorised examiner appealed against the High
Court’s decision. On appeal to this Court, it was established that the
subcontractor needed to show that the authorised examiner was liable to the
main contractor directly for the same damage that the subcontractor had caused
by the crane collapse. Hence, the crucial question was whether the authorised
examiner owed a duty of care at common law to the main contractor even though
the authorised examiner was not engaged by the main contractor but by the
subcontractor renting out the tower crane.

39 In _Tan Juay Pah_ , this Court made general observations about the WSH
Regime and the imposition of a common law duty of care under it. First, a
party seeking to establish a private right of action for a breach of a
statutory duty has to show that Parliament intended for the members protected
by that statutory duty to have such a right of action. Secondly, the mere
existence of a statutory remedy or sanction for a breach of the duty is not
decisive on matter of whether there is a private right of action. Thirdly,
each statute has to be considered contextually; formulas are not helpful.
Fourthly, the underlying statutory scheme and parliamentary intention go to
the second limb of _Spandeck_ , not the first. Crucially, this Court in _Tan
Juay Pah_ identified the main underlying objective of the WSH Regime as
follows (at [68], [73] and [89]):

68 … **[T]he objective of the WSH Bill (which was later enacted as the
Workplace Safety and Health Act 2006 (Act 7 of 2006)) was to protect workers
and members of the public present at a workplace from injury by deterring
risk-taking behaviour (through the imposition of liability for such behaviour)
on the part of persons who create and have control over safety risks at
workplaces.** To achieve this objective, a “more direct liability regime” (see
Singapore Parliamentary Debates vol 80 at col 2209) was put in place under Pt
IV of the WSH Bill to hold various groups of persons accountable for workers’
safety and health according to their different capacities. We observe that
while an AE does not fall under any of the categories of persons enumerated in
Pt IV of the WSH Bill, **a main contractor and a subcontractor may fall under
one or more of those categories** (_eg_ , as an employer under cl 12 of the
WSH Bill, or as a manufacturer and supplier of machinery under cl 16). The
structure of the WSH Bill suggests that **the liability of an AE under the WSH
Regime is**** _secondary_****to that of the persons specifically mentioned in
Pt IV of the WSH Bill (****_inter alia_****, contractors and
subcontractors**).

…

73 … It is clear, in our view, that while the office of the AE is an integral
part of the WSH Regime’s overall statutory purpose of ensuring workplace
safety (see [56]–[61] above), **the statutory objective is not to protect
contractors and/or subcontractors as they have primary responsibility for all
aspects of safety at a workplace.** Indeed, Dr Ng’s statements in Parliament
during the second reading of the WSH Bill (see above at [66]) suggest that the
objective of the WSH Regime is to guard against safety lapses at workplaces by
contractors and those to whom they have delegated operational control of their
work. …

…

89 … [W]hat we consider to be [the WSHA’s] primary objective – namely,
ensuring the safety of those present at workplaces (particularly workers), and
**attributing responsibility for workplace safety to those having operational
control of workplaces.** … **_[T]he WSHA is intended to protect persons
present at workplaces from safety lapses by contractors and their
subcontractors_** …

[original emphasis in italics, emphasis added in bold]

40 Moreover, the prevailing intention behind the WSHA was precisely to create
a system of accountability by defining the responsibilities of various persons
at workplaces, as explained by the then Minister of Manpower Dr Ng Eng Hen
during the second reading of the Workplace Safety and Health Bill 2005 (Bill
36 of 2005) (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (17 January
2006) vol 80) at cols 2208–2210:

Third, this Bill will better _define persons who are accountable, their
responsibilities and institute penalties_ which reflect the true economic and
social cost of risks and accidents. Penalties should be sufficient to deter
risk-taking behaviour and ensure that companies are _proactive in preventing
incidents_. Appropriately, companies and persons that show _poor safety
management_ should be penalised even if no accident has occurred.

This Bill will put into place a new and more effective framework to reduce
accidents at the workplace - to bring about a quantum improvement in OSH
standards and to achieve our intermediate goal of halving the present
occupational fatality rate by 2015.

[emphasis added]

41 From the foregoing it is clear that contractors and subcontractors (as JPW
and MA were, respectively) are precisely the entities which the WSHA seeks to
increase direct liability on for workplace safety. They have “primary
responsibility” in all areas of safety, given their “operational control” of
workplaces. In fact, the main purpose of the WSHA is to strengthen the
accountability of and impose responsibilities on parties such as the main
contractor and subcontractors so as to ensure a safer working environment at
construction sites. These statutory responsibilities also complement the very
aims of the common law tort of negligence, which is concerned with ensuring
that negligent conduct, within legal limits, would attract corresponding
liability. The law of tort serves two functions here: it is an engine of
compensation as well as a financial deterrent. The law governing the
establishment of a duty of care in turn helps to limit claims in negligence to
only parties with sufficient proximity and foreseeability, so that the net of
liability is not cast too widely. Plainly, contractors and subcontractors are
parties whose negligence on construction sites has the most potential to
result in fatal, or at least costly, consequences, given their well-placed
abilities to foresee and be aware of the various possible mishaps that others
without operational responsibilities and control may not be able to identify.
In fact, it would be very hard to think of situations where sufficient
proximity to give rise to a common law duty of care will not be found to exist
due to the control contractors and subcontractors have over the worksite and
the on-going activities on it.

42 The WSHA is clearly focussed on strengthening the safety management of
worksites as its primary aim. By placing heavy responsibilities on contractors
and subcontractors, the scheme of the WSHA intends that the burden of making
worksites as free from hazards as possible and installing necessary systems
and safeguards would fall on these parties.

(2) Standard of care

43 The standard of care required in relation to a duty of care is usually the
general objective standard of a reasonable person using ordinary care and
skill (_Blyth v The Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Waterworks_
(1856) 11 Exch 781). However, factors such as industry standards and normal
practice can be taken into account at this stage. Cases such as _The “Emma
Maersk”_ [2006] SGHC 180 (at [51]) and _Tesa Tape Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Wing
Seng Logistics Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 116 at ([17]) are instances where the
courts accepted what was shown to be normal practice to be the standard of
care. As such, we affirm the Judge’s observation that the industry standard
guidance provided by the Singapore Standard SS 536 2008 Code of Practice (“the
Code”) for the safe use of mobile cranes would be applicable here (GD at
[26]). We note that the Code was listed as a useful reference under the
Workplace Safety and Health Council’s Technical Advisory for the Safe
Operation of Lifting Equipment. Significantly, the Code was accepted as the
“reasonable standard of care to be observed by crane operators” by all counsel
during the trial.[note: 14] In addition to the Code, the stipulations under
the WSHA would also be relevant in pitching the standard of care.

Whether JPW was negligent

44 On the existence of a duty of care towards Moh Seng, JPW submitted that the
Judge’s summary conclusion that legal proximity was satisfied simply because
JPW had ordered the crane for lifting works was overly simplistic, and failed
to take into account the fact that there was no direct contractual
relationship between JPW and Moh Seng. Rather, JPW asserted there had been
very little communication between JPW and Moh Seng (if at all). It was the
Lifting Supervisor, who was an employee of MA, who had assumed all
responsibility. Moreover, the lifting operations were part of MA’s scope of
work under the subcontracts, and the individuals in charge of the part of the
worksite where the accident took place were MA’s personnel.

45 We acknowledge that the brevity of the Judge’s reasoning did not
satisfactorily explain the basis of legal proximity. However, his finding that
such proximity did exist between JPW and Moh Seng was nonetheless correct. As
explained above, as main contractor, JPW would already _prima facie_ have owed
a duty of care to Moh Seng simply by virtue of being identified heavily as a
responsibility bearer by the WSHA. Moreover, JPW’s narrow and overly-technical
demarcation of its relationships down to formal contractual lines failed to
take into account the reality that it: (a) did exercise effective control and
possession over the worksite as main contractor; and (b) must be taken to have
had knowledge about the location of the manhole.

46 JPW was given effective management and control of the worksite under its
main management contract with Crescendas. This was common ground. As noted in
_Tan Juay Pah_ at [53], “[u]nder the first limb of the _Spandeck_ test, one of
the many factors taken into consideration is the existence of a statutory
duty”. It was undisputed that JPW was an “occupier” as defined under the WSHA
(_ie_ , “the person who has charge, management or control of those premises
either on his own account or as an agent of another person, whether or not he
is also the owner of those premises”), and had to fulfil the relevant duties
and responsibilities under it. The Judge found that (GD at [18]):

…[It was] beyond debate and confirmed by the subpoenaed Ministry of Manpower
officer Koh Chin Chin that JPW had principal responsibility for the Worksite
under the Workplace and Safety Health Act (Cap 354A, 2009 Rev Ed), and that
JPW had appointed the requisite officers to discharge such responsibility…

This finding was also supported by the evidence given by Koh Chin Chin at
trial.[note: 15] The relevant duties of an occupier under s 11 of the WSHA are
as follows:

**Duty of occupier of workplace**

**11**. It shall be the duty of every occupier of any workplace to take, so
far as is reasonably practicable, such measures to ensure that —

(a) the workplace;

(_b_) all means of access to or egress from the workplace; and

(_c_) any machinery, equipment, plant, article or substance kept on the
workplace,

are _safe and without risks to health_ to every person within those premises,
whether or not the person is at work or is an employee of the occupier.

[emphasis added]

47 As an “occupier” under the WSHA, JPW could not expect to abrogate from its
duty to ensure safety at the worksite simply by looking at the strict
contractual arrangements between the parties. While acknowledging that it was
the _licensed occupier_ of the worksite, JPW attempted to draw “a distinction
between a general duty of care owed by an occupier _vis-a-vis_ the land
(occupier’s liability) and _vis-a-vis_ the operations being carried out
(negligence)”[note: 16]. Yet, this distinction has already ceased to exist
with this Court’s decision in _See Toh Siew Kee v Ho Ah Lam Ferrocement (Pte)
Ltd and others_ [2013] 3 SLR 284 (“ _See Toh Siew Kee_ ”) where it was
emphatically established that the “law in Singapore on occupiers’ liability
can and should be subsumed under the tort of negligence” (at [76]). In _See
Toh Siew Kee_ this Court held that the first limb of _Spandeck_ would be
satisfied in the vast majority of occupiers having control of the property
which they occupy and/or the activities carried out there (at [80]). There was
no reason why this should not be the case in JPW’s situation as the licensed
occupier and main contractor of the worksite. Yet, it also bears noting that
this Court’s statement that _“the vast majority of occupiers having control of
the property which they occupy and/or the activities carried out there de jure
owe a prima facie duty of care to lawful entrants_ ” [emphasis in original]
(which there is no doubt Moh Seng was) was qualified by the observation that
“this turns on the degree of control which an occupier has over the property
concerned and/or the activities carried out there” (at [80]). In this respect,
JPW and MA disputed whose scope of work the lifting operation which resulted
in the accident came under (discussed in further detail below at [55]–[56]).

48 By their own admission, JPW also knew (at least since 12 August 2008 when
photographs of the manhole were taken by JPW) about the existence of the
manhole. In fact, it was JPW’s submission that the manhole had normally been
visible and so “obvious to any person or passerby” that there would not have
been “the need of any barricade, warning sign or warning”.[note: 17] Hence,
according to JPW, if not for the brown soil that must have been mounted by MA
due to their excavation works nearby, the manhole would have been visible. Yet
JPW failed to acknowledge that the sheer _knowledge_ that such a manhole
existed, apart from whatever JPW alleged MA to have done to it, gave rise to
sufficient proximity between Moh Seng and itself. The foreseeability of the
damage that may be caused by one’s negligence is essential in establishing the
proximity needed for a duty of care to arise. Therefore, JPW’s knowledge of
the existence of the manhole would certainly have made it reasonably
foreseeable that serious damage could be caused in a busy worksite with heavy
equipment and machinery, making their omission to deal with the manhole even
more inexcusable.

49 On the second limb of _Spandeck_ , JPW’s argument that a duty of care
should not be superimposed where there had been an established contractual
framework consisting of the hiring contract between Hup Hin and Moh Seng, the
subcontracts between MA and JPW, and the crane supply contract between Hup Hin
and JPW simply could not stand. From a legal policy point of view such an
approach is plainly unpalatable. In the same parliamentary speech quoted above
at [40], Dr Ng Eng Hen critically referred to such situations and explained
how the proposed regime sought to address this through a direct imposition of
duties, albeit in the context of principals engaging contractors for
specialised tasks (at col 2209):

Traditionally, a principal who engages a contractor would be engaging the
specialist services of the contractor, and would not be directing the
contractor on how to do the work. However, today the situation is different.
Principals often engage “contractors” and third-party labour not for their
specialist expertise, but _precisely so that they can avoid entering into a
direct employment relationship, for organisational or other reasons._ In such
situations, the principal, in terms of supervision, takes on the role of an
employer. **_The Bill thus places on him responsibility for the worker’s
safety and health as if he were the employer._** If this were not the case,
then the _duties under the Act could be simply circumvented by a careful
crafting of the legal relationship._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

50 The case at hand could also be easily distinguished from _Man B &W Diesel S
E Asia Pte Ltd and another v PT Bumi International Tankers and another appeal_
[2004] 2 SLR(R) 300 (“ _Man B &W_”), a case which JPW cited as an instance
where the court declined to impose a duty of care against parties’ express
contractual arrangements. In _Man B &W_ this Court observed that a
subcontractor which had supplied defective engine parts did not owe a duty of
care to the shipowner for the faulty parts due to the shipowner’s contract
with the main contractor, as the shipowner had chosen to seek redress from the
main contract by directly contracting with the main contractor. However, in
the current case, the presence of the WSH regime alters the weight that must
be put on the parties’ contractual arrangement, especially with regards to
safety measures, which the WSH regime is concerned with. Moreover, the
realities of the situation around the time of the accident was not one like
that in _Man B &W_ where the shipowner was well aware of the subcontractor’s
involvement, but ultimately made the choice to make the main contractor
“solely responsible for any defect that could arise” (at [36]) in the
contract. Accordingly, the policy argument which rightfully applied in that
case could not be similarly invoked here.

51 Having established that JPW did owe Moh Seng a duty of care, the standard
of care would be that as established in the Code for the safe use of mobile
cranes. Manholes were specifically identified as one of the possible
“underground hazards”, a term frequently referred to in the Code, as follows:

**10.6** **Underground hazards**

Underground hazards that may be encountered on a typical construction site
are: -

…

e) Covered shafts and _manholes_ …

[emphasis added]

52 The duties and responsibilities involved in ensuring the stability of
mobile cranes were set out in the rest of section 10, the relevant provisions
of which read as follows:

**10.1** **General**

In order to ensure that the ground can safely support a mobile crane, it will
be necessary to obtain information about ground conditions on site. The
important items to check are:

a) ground character;

b) water conditions; and,

c) location of any _underground hazards_.

**10.2** **Ground classification**

Ground can be classified into several broad categories for the purpose of
highlighting potential problems for siting mobile cranes. Special attention is
needed for poor ground conditions or where there is lack of data on the nature
of the sub-soil. The broad categories are as follows:

…

e) Urban sites

Potential underground hazards e.g. basements, sewers, tunnels, water pipes,
poorly backfilled trenches, _manholes_ , inspection chambers, etc.

**…**

**10.4 Ground bearing capacity**

…

On large construction sites where mobile cranes are expected to be in common
use over long periods, _a site survey should be undertaken to identify soil
types and underground hazards_. Further ground improvement may then be
required and can take many forms. When all surveys are completed, any hazards
identified and soil improvements completed, _a site layout plan can be
produced to show the location of danger areas_ , access routes, and safe
working areas for the types of mobile cranes to be used.

[emphasis added]

53 As the main contractor, JPW clearly had the responsibility to ensure that
hazards such as manholes were identified properly through site surveys, and
then to undertake ground improvements to ensure that these underground hazards
did not continue to remain hazardous. The sheer importance of this duty, to
ensure that potential dangers were located and dealt with properly, simply
cannot be overstated, especially in work environments such as construction
sites. The mere presence of heavy machinery, dangerous equipment and high
volumes of activity at construction sites would ordinarily already carry high
levels of inherent risks and propensity for accidents. Therefore, measures to
reduce these risks cannot be taken lightly, and the responsibility to do so
cannot be abrogated. Yet, JPW had unjustifiably failed in this duty to
identify and rectify the underground hazard in the form of the manhole in this
case. JPW was therefore liable to Moh Seng for the damage caused to the crane
as a result of its negligence in this aspect.

Whether MA was negligent

54 Although the Judge found that MA was not contributorily negligent in
causing some soil run-off to cover the manhole due to its nearby excavation
works, this was but one peripheral issue in relation to MA’s liability. Given
our discussion above on the underlying rationale of the WSH Regime, plainly
there is a _prima facie_ duty of care on contractors and subcontractors at
construction sites to parties who are present at the construction site.
Accordingly, MA, as subcontractor, could not escape this duty in the absence
of strong countervailing reasons. Moreover, in our view there were a few other
unaddressed factors which pointed towards a duty of care owed by MA toward Moh
Seng: (a) the lifting operation that caused the accident was within MA’s scope
of work; (b) MA knew about the manhole as well; and (c) MA was contractually
responsible and deemed fully informed of the conditions at the worksite. In
addition, given our finding above that the Lifting Supervisor had been under
the employ of MA at the material time, his actions also needed to be assessed
against the standards set out in the Code.

55 First, the lifting operation, the cause of the accident, was part of MA’s
scope of work, as the crane had undisputedly been requested for by Roger Kung,
MA’s Project Manager. MA had required the services of JPW to lift some steel
reinforcement bars up to the building under construction, and the crane had
been hired for this very purpose.[note: 18] Roger Kung further confirmed that
the personnel involved in the lifting operation on the morning of the accident
included the Lifting Supervisor, riggers and signalmen - all of whom were
employees of MA.[note: 19] In addition, this appeared to be the impression of
the persons working at the worksite who were interviewed by Koh Chin Chin as
well:[note: 20]

Witness: |  When I a---spoke to the site builders as---sorry, when I spoke to the site people, this was what they told me.  
---|---  
Court: |  What did they tell you?  
Witness:  |  That this scope of works is under MA Builders who is their---who is [JPW]’s subcon and Roger Kung was the person in charge.  
  
  

56 The fact that the crane was deployed for works under the scope of MA’s
oversight was a significant indicator of MA’s assumption of responsibility,
since the overall directive of what had to be done and how it would be done –
quite apart from the overarching direction of JPW over the entire project –
would emanate from MA.

57 Second, apart from the Lifting Supervisor’s knowledge of the existence of
the manhole (see [64]–[65] below), MA itself also appeared to have known about
the existence of the manhole. The Judge made the following finding (GD at
[28]):

It is quite clear the washing bay for laden and unladen lorries would not have
been constructed by MA at this location if it were known to MA that the
manhole was nearby. It was in evidence that MA had previously built and
subsequently removed a guardhouse over the former washing bay, which confirms
that the existence of the manhole was then and subsequently unknown to MA.

However, in our view this finding was, with respect, mistaken. This was a
supposition drawn purely on the Judge’s intuitive sense of what a contractor’s
logic would be, as there was no evidence led on the non-viability of building
washing bays or guardhouses over _covered_ manholes (it was undisputed that
the manhole was not exposed.

58 The evidence of JPW’s Project Manager, Thomas Teo, was that the manhole was
in fact covered with a thick concrete cover able to withstand the weight of
normal traffic,[note: 21] and was readily visible. As subcontractors who had
been working in that region of the worksite for a few months, it is unlikely
that MA’s workers would not have known that there was a manhole there.[note:
22] Thomas Teo also testified that MA had even carried out works in the
manhole itself for (a) investigation and (b) sealing the underground discharge
opening to some pipes connecting the manhole to a PUB drain.[note: 23]
Further, Koh Chin Chin testified that the Lifting Supervisor had told her that
Roger Kung had specifically warned him about the manhole, indicating that
Roger Kung did know about the manhole:[note: 24]

Q |  Now, can you tell the Court what you are--- what---what you have asked Mr Roger Kung, as far as the incident on the 11th of June was concerned?  
---|---  
A |  I asked him what happened. So **_he said he asked his lifting sup to park the crane there and he said he directed away from the manhole._**  
... |   
Witness: |  Yah. So **_he told his, er, lifting sup to park it there, said away from the manhole_** and he left and then came back to see that the crane had toppled.   
Q |  Was Mr Roger Kung aware of the location of the manhole?  
A |  You have to ask him.  
Court: |  He … actually told you that he instructed the lifting supervisor to park there away from the manhole. If he used those words  
...  |   
Court: |  \---he must have known that there was a manhole.  
[emphasis added in bold italics]  
  
  

59 Therefore, contrary to the Judge’s finding, it appeared that MA did have,
or at least should have had, knowledge of the manhole.

60 Third, under the subcontracts, MA also had the responsibility for and was
deemed to be fully informed about the conditions at the worksite. Under cl
17.0 of the Letter of Award of all three subcontracts, MA was deemed to be
aware of the site conditions:

You shall confirm that you are _fully aware of the existing site conditions
and constraints_. You are to comply with the working hours and noise control
on site in accordance with the Authorities’ requirements. [emphasis added]

61 Similarly, cl 2.1 of the Standard Conditions of the RC Subcontract and the
Wet Trades Subcontract provide as follows:

**2.1** **Subcontractor Fully Informed**

2.1.1 The Subcontractor is deemed to have allowed in the Subcontract Sum for
all matters concerning the Site Conditions.

2.1.2 Any geotechnical or other information concerning the Site or Site
Conditions, which may be provided by [JPW] to the Subcontractor, is strictly
for information only. _[JPW] and/or the Client accepts no responsibility for
the accuracy and/or the comprehensiveness of any such information provided_.
**_The Subcontractor shall inspect and examine the Site and its surroundings,
and carry out all independent investigations, satisfying itself as to the
nature of the ground and sub-soil_** , the form and nature of the Site, flood
and ground water levels and the nature of the Works and obtain all necessary
information that may affect its design.

2.1.3 The Subcontractor may, at its own expense, _carry out any of its own
investigations (including soils investigations)_ , subject to [JPW’s] prior
written approval. The Subcontractor shall provide [JPW] with copies of the
results of any such investigation, free of charge.

[emphasis in original in bold, emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

62 Although these contractual duties were owed only to JPW under the
subcontracts, the very existence of these duties for MA to undertake its own
checks show that MA could not simply abdicate responsibility for the presence
of unsafe features on the worksite. We also observe that this is unremarkable
given the nature of the work that is going to be done on a construction site
by a sub-contractor. Such work is often actually or potentially dangerous and
in the ordinary course, one would expect that those about to embark on such
work make the effort to assess and investigate the site, the surroundings and
any relevant features. It would ill have lain in the mouth of an entity in the
position of MA to then say that it had no responsibility to anyone else
injured by reason of its failure to take such basic steps as it was only
required to do so as a matter of a contractual obligation owed to its main
contractor. In fairness to MA’s counsel it must be said that this was not a
contention it put forward.

63 Fourth, as the key person in the entire lifting operation, the Lifting
Supervisor himself breached the standard of care set out in the Code. The
duties of a lifting supervisor are set out under the following sections of the
Code as follows:

**9.3.1.2** The person authorised to operate the crane:

…

c)shall _ascertain whether the ground conditions, in particular the ground
surface on which a mobile crane is to be operated, are safe for travel or any
lifting operation_ , and if he is of the opinion that it is _not safe_ for
travel or any lifting operation, he shall _report this to the lifting
supervisor_ …

…

**9.3.3** **Lifting supervisor**

The appointed lifting supervisor shall be responsible to:

a) **_co-ordinate and be present to supervise all lifting activities and
ensure that the lifting operation is carried out safely_** **;**

b)ensure that only registered crane operators, appointed riggers and appointed
signalmen participate in any lifting operation involving the use of a mobile
crane;

c) **_ensure that the ground conditions are safe for any lifting operation to
be performed by any mobile crane_** ;

d) _ensure that there is a set of safe lifting procedures for any lifting
operation of a mobile crane_ ;

e)brief all crane operators, riggers and signalmen on the safe lifting
procedures referred to in (d);

f) _take measures to rectify the unsatisfactory or unsafe conditions that are
reported by any crane operator_ or rigger.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

64 The Lifting Supervisor had a non-delegable responsibility to ensure that
the ground conditions were safe and measures would be taken to address
unsatisfactory conditions. On the facts, it was all the more disturbing that
the Lifting Supervisor appeared to be _conscious_ of the existence of the
manhole. The Judge’s finding that the Lifting Supervisor “proceeded with the
lifting operation which resulted in the damage of the crane as he could not be
expected to know _and indeed did not know of the existence of the manhole_ ”
[emphasis added] (GD at [31]) was at odds with the uncontested evidence of Koh
Chin Chin, who testified that the Lifting Supervisor had told her that he _did
know_ about the existence of the manhole:[note: 25]

Q |  Ms Koh, did you ask [Kolanjiapan Sunder, the Lifting Supervisor] whether or not he had checked the ground conditions?  
---|---  
Court:  |  It’s either “yes” or “no”.  
Witness:  |  Okay, I asked if he had checked the ground condition and if he knew that there was a manhole there.  
Court: |  Okay.  
Witness: |  And he said, “ _Yes, I knew so I parked it away from the manhole_.”  
... |   
A |  Basically, he said _he parked it away from the manhole_ and I think he was equally shocked to see that it was on the manhole.  
... |   
Q |  But just perhaps, just maybe confine yourself to what actually you---you had asked him and what he actually had said?  
A |  I said like, “Did you check wrong condition and how come it’s parked there?” He said, **“**** _I---I know there was a manhole_****.** I parked it away from the manhole.” That’s how he replied.  
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]  
  
  

65 As the Lifting Supervisor knew that a manhole was there, it was all the
more astounding that he failed to take the necessary precautions.
Notwithstanding his failure to ascertain if the ground was safe for lifting
_after_ Lian voiced out his concerns about the safety of that spot being
“soft”, the Lifting Supervisor should also have made efforts to ascertain
_where the manhole was_ and ensure that no operations over the manhole took
place _in the first place_.

66 Therefore, in view of the foregoing reasons, we had no hesitation in
finding that MA was liable in negligence for the damage caused during the
accident. The requisite foreseeability of damage was satisfied in view of
MA’s, as well as the Lifting Supervisor’s, knowledge of the manhole’s
existence, giving rise to a clear duty of care owed to Moh Seng. This duty was
then breached by MA’s unjustifiable failure to deal with the manhole in a way
that would enhance and ensure the safety of the worksite. As subcontractor, it
could not expect to abrogate from these duties by simply pointing to JPW as
the main contractor, as the operation in question at the material time was
within MA’s scope of work.

Whether Moh Seng was negligent

67 Whether Moh Seng was negligent or not rested largely on Lian’s conduct and,
in particular, whether he wilfully ignored the alleged instructions of JPW’s
Safety Officer to move the crane away. As explained above (at [32]–[5]), JPW’s
Safety Officer’s evidence that he gave such an instruction was not credible
and hence Lian could not be said to have ignored it. Also, JPW’s arguments
about Moh Seng’s negligence in not providing a site representative and failure
to carry out risk assessments also failed on causation, as it was simply not
shown that but for Hup Hin’s breach, the crane would not have fallen into the
manhole. Accordingly, Moh Seng was not negligent.

Whether Hup Hin was negligent

68 JPW acknowledged that “in terms of negligence”, Hup Hin was, among all the
parties, “relatively less culpable”.[note: 26] However, JPW still maintained
that as JPW’s subcontractor for hire of the crane pursuant to the crane supply
contract, Hup Hin could not absolve itself from all responsibility. By failing
to carry out risk assessments or provide a site representative despite being
more familiar with the worksite than Lian (who was there for the first time),
Hup Hin’s negligence could not be ignored.

69 However, it was clear to us that for the same reason given above in the
allegations of Moh Seng’s negligence, this claim was misconceived because of
the lack of a nexus between Moh Seng’s alleged failings and the collapse of
the crane.

Breach of contract

Whether there was a tripartite oral contract

70 The tripartite oral contract, the Judge reasoned, was the most probable
legal basis of their relationship based on the factual and business matrix of
the case, and he described it as follows (GD at [9]):

JPW, Hup Hin and [Moh Seng] all agreed that [Moh Seng] would supply the crane
with the crane operator directly to JPW, with no further role or involvement
of Hup Hin save that Hup Hin would pay [Moh Seng] at the rates provided in the
Moh Seng Quotation (the hiring contract) and Hup Hin would in turn be paid by
JPW at the rates provided in the JPW Crane Supply Contract (the crane supply
contract). The Moh Seng Quotation prices to Hup Hin are lower than Hup Hin’s
contract prices to JPW under the JPW Crane Supply Contract. In such case, Hup
Hin would earn a mark-up for this arrangement, whilst JPW by paying Hup Hin
would not be obliged to separately contract with [Moh Seng] as an approved
crane supplier.

The Judge observed that the “business and convenience logic of this
arrangement” (GD at [9]) was evident and the “invoicing arrangements did not
change the business substance of the agreement” as the parties were all “aware
that [Moh Seng’s] crane was intended for use by JPW at JPW’s Worksite and not
by Hup Hin” (GD at [10]).

71 This finding was significant as the Judge later rejected all of JPW’s
contract-related claims in relation to Hup Hin on the basis that the terms of
the written contracts were not incorporated into the tripartite oral contract.
JPW submitted that this was erroneous as the parties’ pleaded case made it
clear that the hiring of the crane was done pursuant to two separate written
contracts: the crane supply contract (JPW and Hup Hin) and the hiring contract
(Hup Hin and Moh Seng). Accordingly, JPW hired a crane from Hup Hin pursuant
to the crane supply contract which in turn hired the crane from Moh Seng
pursuant to the hiring contract.

72 The Judge’s finding of an oral tripartite contract was indeed problematic.
This was not so much due to the deficiency in pleading such an arrangement,
but primarily because such an interpretation would effectively have gone
against the clear intentions of the parties as expressed in the two written
contracts. Fundamentally, the Judge failed to realise that there was never a
meeting of minds by the parties in reaching what appeared to have been an _ad
hoc_ arrangement made by Hup Hin to overcome its lack of an available crane
for use by JPW. It was improbable that the parties could have actually
intended to cease to give legal effect to their immediate written contracts
simply because the crane was used/supplied by someone else other than Hup Hin.
It was unlikely to have been within the parties’ contemplation that an
entirely new contractual arrangement would have arisen just to accommodate the
situation, thereby cancelling out all the then existing contractual
agreements. In fact, this was not even the first time that Moh Seng had
deployed its cranes to JPW’s worksites at Hup Hin’s request.[note: 27] Hup
Hin’s Managing Director, Woon Wee Peng, testified that crane owners often
hired cranes from each other whenever they were unable to meet a request for a
specific equipment order.[note: 28]

73 The corollary of not being bound by the terms of the two written contracts
would be a resultant vacuum apropos the remedies available to JPW in the event
that something went wrong (as precisely was the case here) as the oral
contract would not have incorporated any of the provisions addressing
situations addressed in the written contracts. Surely such an arrangement
could not have been said to make “business and convenience logic” (GD at [9]),
especially in the construction industry where risk-allocation provisions and
accident-related safeguards are of the utmost importance.

74 Moreover, there was nothing in either contract which expressly precluded
the arrangement that took place in this case, _ie_ , Hup Hin supplying a crane
not owned by itself to JPW and hiring out a crane supplied by Moh Seng to
another party. Contrary to the Judge’s finding that the “invoicing
arrangements did not change the business substance of the [tripartite oral]
agreement” (GD at [10]), we find that the fact that Hup Hin invoiced JPW, and
Moh Seng invoiced Hup Hin, was telling in explaining how the parties sought to
govern their relationships. The parties had clearly acknowledged that Hup Hin
was to be the intermediary in the arrangement, and that JPW and Moh Seng were
not to be in any direct contractual relationship. In fact, this was not the
first time that the parties had chosen to work in such an arrangement, as seen
from invoices based on the _same_ arrangement (with the same three parties) on
previous occasions. Therefore, it was clear to us that the parties did not
agree to form a tripartite oral agreement, but instead functioned on the basis
of the two separate written contracts. We accept that in certain
circumstances, a given contractual framework may preclude the imposition of a
duty of care due to the lack of an assumption of responsibility. For instance,
in the English case of _Simaan General Contracting Co v Pilkington Glass Ltd
(No 2)_ [1988] QB 758, the Court of Appeal found that no duty of care was owed
by the defendant glass supplier (hired by the subcontractors) to the main
contractor claimant (who hired the subcontractors) as there was no assumption
of direct responsibility. However, Bingham LJ did note that had the loss been
damage to property instead of economic loss alone, a duty of care would have
arisen notwithstanding the contractual matrix (at 781). Hence the contractual
arrangement between the parties did not render the imposition of a duty of
care inconsistent in this case.

Whether Hup Hin breached the crane supply contract

75 JPW also argued that Hup Hin breached the crane supply contract in failing
to: (a) take out adequate insurance to cover its liabilities under the crane
supply contract (cl 10 of the Conditions); (b) provide a site representative
responsible for co-ordination (cl 4.d of the Conditions); (c) take reasonable
steps to observe, comply with and carry out the workplace safety and health
requirements applicable to the use of the crane (cl 12 of the Conditions); (d)
perform risks assessments necessary under the WSHA for the use of the crane
(cl 12 of the Conditions); (e) provide a Trade Safety Supervisor and Lifting
Supervisor (cl 12 of the Conditions); and (f) take reasonable steps to ensure
that the safety regulations prescribed from time to time by the relevant
Government authorities and/or JPW were complied with (cl 14 of the
Supplementary Conditions).

76 While the Judge found that JPW’s claim against Hup Hin for the breach of
the crane supply contract “must fail” because of his previous finding that the
crane supply contract “was not operative on 11 June 2010, the events of which
were instead governed by an oral agreement between all three parties” (GD at
[42]), given our views that this was _not_ the case (at [70]–[73] above), this
claim for breach of contract must be re-examined.

77 However, the answer must still be the same in that JPW could not have been
entitled to damages from Hup Hin. As a matter of principle, damages can only
be awarded if a claimant can prove that the defendant’s breach of the contract
_caused_ the loss sustained by the claimant. As this Court stated in _Salcon
Ltd v United Cement Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 353 at [24], “[t]hat causation
must be established before the question of quantification of damages arises is
obvious”. This element of causation, however, was simply not made out in
relation to Hup Hin’s alleged breach of contract as JPW has not discharged its
burden of proving that such a breach was the “effective cause” (_Monarch
Steamship Co., Limited v Karlshamns Oljefabriker (A/B)_ [1949] AC 196 at 212)
of the loss. Here, as Hup Hin rightly submitted, the accident was caused by
the failure in JPW’s work system and would likely have happened _even if Hup
Hin had not committed the alleged breaches_. As such, it was unnecessary to
inquire if Hup Hin did breach those Conditions or not.

Whether MA breached the subcontracts

78 JPW argued that MA breached the subcontracts by failing to observe, comply
with and carry out all workplace safety and health requirements in that: (a)
the Lifting Supervisor failed to ensure that the ground conditions were safe
for the lifting operations; (b) the Lifting Supervisor failed to take measures
to rectify Lian’s concerns about the muddy ground; (c) the Lifting Supervisor
commenced lifting operations without a valid permit-to-work; and (d) the
Lifting Supervisor failed to comply with the Safety Officer’s express
instructions to remove the crane from the washing bay.

79 With regard to point (d), as the Safety Officer never gave such an
instruction (explained above at [32]–[34]), it can be dismissed. However, with
regard to the first three points, given that the Lifting Supervisor was MA’s
representative (and was not seconded to JPW) when the accident occurred, in
our view MA did _breach_ those requirements due to the Lifting Supervisor’s
lapses. Clause 7.13.2 of the Conditions in the RC Subcontract reads:

Prior to commencing work on Site the Subcontractor shall make itself aware of
all the requirements for the Works and the Site relating to safety, health and
environmental matters including _all relevant legislation, codes of practice
and Schedule I attached_ hereto. [emphasis added]

80 Clause 6.0 of the Letter of Award reads[note: 29]:

**6.0** **WORKPLACE SAFETY & HEALTH**

You shall observe, comply and carry out all workplace safety and health
requirements applicable to the Subcontract Works and in particular, perform
risk assessments necessary under the Workplace Safety and Health Act and also
to provide Trade Safety Supervisor and Lifting Supervisor if required. In the
event of any infringement of such requirements, we shall have the right to
impose and/ or to deduct from you the administration charges and/ or other
charges incurred due to your failure to observe _any statutory laws and
regulation_.

[emphasis added]

81 In relation to point (a) that the Lifting Supervisor failed to ensure that
the ground conditions were safe for the lifting operations, this was in
contravention of reg 20(3)(_c_) of the Factories (Operations of Cranes)
Regulations 1998 (“the Regulations”)[note: 30] which states that a lifting
supervisor has to “ensure that the ground conditions are safe for any lifting
operation to be performed by any mobile crane”. There was no doubt that the
Lifting Supervisor failed in this aspect.

82 In relation to point (b) that the Lifting Supervisor failed to take
measures to rectify Lian’s concerns about the muddy ground, the Lifting
Supervisor was also in breach of reg 20(3)(_f_) of the Regulations (though
this provision was not raised by JPW) which states that a lifting supervisor
shall “if any unsatisfactory or unsafe conditions are reported to him by _any
crane operator_ or rigger, take such measures to rectify the unsatisfactory or
unsafe condition or otherwise ensure that any lifting operation is carried out
safely” [emphasis added].

83 In relation to point (c) that the Lifting Supervisor commenced lifting
operations without a valid permit-to-work, the Lifting Supervisor was also in
breach of reg 12 of the Workplace Safety and Health (Construction) Regulations
2007 (No S 663/2007) which reads:

**No high-risk construction work without permit-to-work**

**12**.—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), any person who carries out any high-risk
construction work in a worksite without a permit-to-work first issued by the
project manager of the worksite in respect of that high-risk construction work
shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $20,000.

84 Hence, MA did breach the subcontracts.

Apportionment of liability

85 In deciding that both JPW and MA were liable in negligence to Moh Seng, and
that MA did breach the subcontracts that it had entered into with JPW, we felt
that an apportionment of 60% to JPW and 40% to MA would be just in all the
circumstances. As the main contractor, as well as occupier under the WSHA, JPW
had to bear the bulk of the responsibility for failing to identify an
underground hazard like the manhole, and taking measures to ensure that it
ceased to be an unknown danger. However, we were also cognisant of the fact
that MA was largely in charge of the works that were in the area, and
specifically, the operation of lifting steel rebars that Lian’s crane was
engaged in. Also, the Lifting Supervisor was under MA’s employment and had
specific duties under the WSH Regime which he failed to fulfil.

Conclusion

86 In view of the foregoing, we made the following orders on liability: the
appeal in relation to Moh Seng and Hup Hin was dismissed, whilst the appeal in
relation to MA was allowed in part such that liability was apportioned 60% to
JPW and 40% to MA. We also made the following orders in relation to costs:

(a) the costs of Moh Seng for the trial below were to be borne by JPW and MA
in the proportion of 80% and 20% respectively;

(b) the costs of Moh Seng in this appeal were to be borne wholly by JPW;

(c) Hup Hin was entitled to indemnity costs borne by JPW for both the trial
below and this appeal; and

(d) no orders were made between JPW and MA.

87 Hup Hin was undoubtedly prejudiced by being made to appear in such a long
action and, in our opinion, without good reason. As such, we ordered indemnity
costs to be awarded to them.

88 Subsequent to the hearing, JPW wrote in on 5 August 2013 requesting further
arguments on the costs orders, citing an offer to contribute pursuant to O22A
r 11 that was allegedly made by JPW to MA and Hup Hin well before the trial
began. According to the letter, another offer to contribute was made by MA
after the trial commenced, and Moh Seng was purportedly aware of these offers
but did not respond to them. JPW hence submitted that the Judge’s costs orders
in relation to Moh Seng’s costs should be set aside and reserved to the
assessment Registrar; in particular, MA should be made to bear at least some
of Moh Seng’s costs in that respect. This letter was followed by a flurry of
letters from the parties each taking various positions (Moh Seng on 16 and 23
August 2013, MA on 23 August 2013, and JPW once again on 3 October 2013).

89 However, having considered what was put before us, we were not willing to
entertain any further arguments or change our orders made during the hearing.
Hence our orders on costs made during the hearing still stand.

* * *

[note: 1]Subsequent events after this exchange (but before the collapse) were
disputed by JPW, and are discussed below at [32]-[34].

[note: 2]JPW’s Case at [126].

[note: 3]MA’s Case at [21].

[note: 4]_Ibid_.

[note: 5]NE 11 Sep 12 Roger Kung, p 109:14-110:1

[note: 6]NE 22 Nov 11 Koh Chin Chin, p 22: 26-29, p 24:20-27

[note: 7]NE 22 Nov 2011 Koh Chin Chin p 40:6-7, p 60:1-2

[note: 8]MA’s Core Bundle at pp 10-12

[note: 9]JPW’s submissions at [160(b)]

[note: 10]Kuah Teck Heng’s AEIC at [20].

[note: 11]_Ibid_.

[note: 12]NE 20 July 2012 Kuah Teck Heng p 150:7-14

[note: 13]In fact, Hup Hin submitted that this was torn up by JPW’s Safety
Officer; see Hup Hin’s submissions at [27].

[note: 14]NE 19 July 2012 p 11:10-12:16.

[note: 15]NE 22 Nov 2011 p 18:26-27.

[note: 16]JPW’s submissions at [173].

[note: 17]JPW’s Case at [54].

[note: 18]Roger Kung’s AEIC at para [4].

[note: 19]NE 10 Sep 2012 Roger Kung p 136:2-5.

[note: 20]NE 22 Nov 2011 Koh Chin Chin p 60:29- 61:2.

[note: 21]Thomas Teo’s 2nd AEIC at [33]-[34]

[note: 22]Works which included constructing the washing bay and a pavement
nearby.

[note: 23]Thomas Teo’s 2nd AEIC at [36], with pictures.

[note: 24]NE 22 Nov 2011 Koh Chin Chin p 41:32- 42:17.

[note: 25]NE 22 Nov 2011 Koh Chin Chin p 25:27-26:2, p 26:6-18.

[note: 26]JPW’s Case at [278].

[note: 27]Woon Wee Peng’s AEIC at [17].

[note: 28]_Ibid_ , at [8].

[note: 29]JPW’s Core Bundle Vol II Part C p 180

[note: 30]These regulations have since been repealed, but were in effect at
the material time.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

