Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ng Kek Wee _v_ Sim City Technology Ltd  
[2014] SGCA 47

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 156 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 September 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Lim Chee San (TanLim Partnership) for the Appellant;
and David Chan and Tan Su Hui (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Ng Kek Wee — Sim City Technology Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2013] SGHC 216.]

9 September 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 Sim City Technology Ltd (“the Respondent”), a shareholder of Singalab
International Pte Ltd (“Singalab International”), commenced Suit No 680 of
2009 (“the Suit”) against one Mr Ng Kek Wee (“the Appellant”), who was both a
shareholder and the managing director of Singalab International. The
Respondent sought personal remedies under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”) on the grounds that the Appellant had
conducted the affairs of Singalab International and its subsidiaries in a
manner that was commercially unfair to it.

2 In _Sim City Technology Ltd v Ng Kek Wee and others_ [2013] SGHC 216 (“the
Judgment”), the High Court Judge (“the Judge”) allowed the Respondent’s claim
and among other things ordered that the Appellant buy out the Respondent’s
shares in the Company. The Appellant appeals against the Judge’s decision on
the grounds that the Respondent had not properly pleaded its claim under s 216
of the Companies Act, and that the Judge had erred in finding that there was
commercial unfairness on the facts of the case.

3 For the reasons that follow, we allow the appeal and set aside the orders
made by the Judge.

4 The Appellant also argued that the wrongs alleged by the Respondent were not
wrongs suffered by the Respondent in its _personal_ capacity as a member of
Singalab International, and that the Respondent ought not to be entitled to
use s 216 of the Companies Act to circumvent the proper plaintiff rule and the
reflective loss principle. As will be apparent, we do not think that the
determination of this point is necessary to the disposal of the appeal but as
the jurisprudence in this area of law is somewhat involved we take the
opportunity to clarify the issue.

Background to the dispute

5 The full background to the dispute is set out in the Judgment. Only the
facts pertinent to the present appeal will be repeated here.

The joint venture and formation of Singalab International

6 In 2003, the Appellant was the managing director and one of several
shareholders of a company known as Beans Fusion Pte Ltd (“Beans Fusion”).
Beans Fusion was in the business of providing software and consultancy
services in Asia and had four subsidiaries:[note: 1]

(a) Singalab Pte Ltd (“SPL”);

(b) Beans Factory Hong Kong Co Limited (“Beans HK”);

(c) Beans Factory Pte Ltd (“Beans Factory”), which owned the licensing rights
to “Beans Kernl”, a programming tool (“the Licensing Rights”); and

(d) Beans Factory Co Ltd (Beijing) (“Beans China”).

7 The Appellant had plans for the expansion of the business and to that end,
in 2003, he asked Mr Lim Kok Eng (“Mr Lim KE”), the Managing Director of the
Respondent, if he was interested in co-investing in the Beans Fusion
business.[note: 2] Mr Lim KE said he was keen. Accordingly, their joint
venture was structured in this way. First, in early 2004, the Appellant
conducted a management buyout of Beans Fusion and thereby became its sole
shareholder. Next, on 31 August 2004, Singalab International was incorporated
as the parties’ joint venture vehicle, along with two other investors as
minority shareholders.[note: 3] The shareholding of Singalab International was
as follows:

|  **Shareholder** |  **Shareholding (%)**  
---|---|---  
1 |  Respondent |  53.625  
2 |  Appellant |  15  
3 |  Accord Perfect Investment Corporation (“Accord Investment”) |  6.375  
4 |  Atomic International Ltd (“Atomic International”) |  25  
  
  

According to the Respondent, Atomic International was actually the nominee of
the Appellant. This was disputed by the Appellant.

8 The Respondent averred that there was an understanding between these
shareholders encapsulated in a Joint Venture Arrangement (“the JVA”), which
was for Singalab International to purchase Beans Fusion’s subsidiaries, and
with the aid of new investment to expand their businesses with the ultimate
goal of selling off or listing the company. It was also agreed that the
shareholders would have a personal interest in the shares of each of Singalab
International’s subsidiary companies in the proportion set out at [7]
above.[note: 4] Pursuant to the JVA, an executive committee (“the Exco”) was
formed in or around October 2004 consisting of the Appellant, two of the
Respondent’s representatives namely Mr Lim KE and one Mr Ng Han Kim (“Mr Ng
HK”), as well as a representative of Accord Investment, Mr Huang Jun Dar (“Mr
Huang”).[note: 5]

9 On 31 December 2004 and 13 May 2005, Beans Fusion sold all its shares in
Beans HK and SPL to Singalab International for a total consideration of
S$630,000.[note: 6] Beans HK and SPL thus became wholly owned subsidiaries of
Singalab International. Subsequently, Beans Factory assigned the Licensing
Rights to SPL.[note: 7]

The management of Singalab International and its subsidiaries

10 The Appellant was appointed Group Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technical
Officer and Managing Director of Singalab International and was put in charge
of running its various businesses. Mr Ng HK was also appointed as a director
of Singalab International from 1 September 2004 to 30 June 2005.[note: 8]

11 The Appellant was the Chairman of Beans HK from 2004 until its sale on 14
April 2008.

12 The Appellant was appointed Managing Director of SPL on 1 November 2002 and
remained so even after Singalab International had acquired the shares of SPL.
Mr Ng HK and Mr Huang were initially also directors of SPL but resigned in May
and June 2005. In or around 28th October 2005, one Mr Chan Mun Kong (“Mr
Chan”) was appointed as a director of SPL.

Incorporation of Beans Malaysia and other related companies

13 In June 2006, one Mr Lim Beng Cheang (“Mr Lim BC”) was instructed by the
Respondent to assist the Appellant to expand Singalab International’s business
to Malaysia.

14 According to the Respondent, Beans Factory Solutions Sdn Bhd (“Beans
Malaysia”) was incorporated as a subsidiary of Singalab International.[note:
9] Formally, however, Mr Lim BC held one of the two subscriber shares in Beans
Malaysia and the Appellant held the other share; both of them were also the
signatories of the bank account of Beans Malaysia. Mr Lim BC and his sister,
together with the Appellant, were appointed as directors of Beans Malaysia.
According to Mr Lim BC, the Appellant made all the executive decisions for
Beans Malaysia.

15 The Respondent also alleged that, pursuant to the JVA, the Appellant had
incorporated other entities in China and Taiwan (henceforth known as “Beans
China” and “Beans Taiwan”). The Respondent claimed that although the Appellant
was formally the sole shareholder and managing director of these companies, he
was holding his shares in the two companies on trust for Singalab
International and that those companies were _in fact_ its subsidiaries (see
above at [8]).[note: 10]

Events leading to the commencement of the Suit

16 In February 2009, the Respondent discovered that Beans Malaysia could not
pay its staff their salaries. It further discovered that from August 2006 to
February 2009 the Appellant had authorised the withdrawal of over RM1.4m in
cash from Beans Malaysia, purportedly in order to pay invoices issued by SPL
in respect of labour and skills supplied by SPL for Beans Malaysia’s projects
in Malaysia (“the Malaysian Cash Withdrawals”).[note: 11] However, SPL’s
invoices were not reflected in SPL’s accounts,[note: 12] and the Malaysian
Cash Withdrawals were also unaccounted for in the management accounts of
SPL.[note: 13]

17 The Respondent made frequent and repeated offers to assist the Appellant in
drawing up and auditing SPL’s accounts. Finally, on 18 May 2009, the Appellant
agreed to meet representatives of the Respondent.[note: 14] At this meeting,
the representatives of the Respondent learnt that the Appellant was holding
all the issued share capital of SPL following a transfer of SPL’s shares from
Singalab International to the Appellant on 28 July 2006 (“the SPL
Transfer”).[note: 15] After this meeting, the Respondent made further
inquiries and discovered that the Appellant had, on or about 14 April 2008,
caused Singalab International’s interest in Beans HK to be transferred to one
Fong Ho Wan (“the Beans HK Transfer”), which interest was subsequently on-sold
by Fong Ho Wan to a third party.[note: 16]

18 According to the Appellant, both the SPL Transfer and the Beans HK Transfer
(collectively “the Transfers”) had been authorised at a meeting of the
shareholders of Singalab International on 12 June 2006 (“the 12 June 2006
Meeting”).[note: 17] The Appellant alleged that Singalab International’s
entire holding of SPL shares had been transferred to him as security pursuant
to a shareholders’ agreement that he would obtain bank loans in the name of
SPL and put up a personal guarantee for those loans.[note: 18] The Appellant
also alleged that the Beans HK Transfer had taken place as Beans HK had been
running at a loss.[note: 19] The Respondent and Accord Investment disputed the
Appellant’s version of events. They claimed that the 12 June 2006 Meeting
never took place and that they never agreed to the Transfers.

19 On 20 May 2009, the Appellant sent a letter of apology to the Respondent’s
representatives. He made certain admissions of fault and offered to purchase
the Respondent’s shares in Singalab International for US$420,000.[note: 20]
The Respondent did not agree to the offer. Instead, it sought to review
Singalab International’s and SPL’s corporate documents and accounts so as to
obtain a better understanding of the state of the companies.[note: 21] On 29
May 2009, the Appellant sent the Respondent copies of some, but not all, of
those documents sought. From these documents, the Respondent discovered even
more irregularities pertaining to SPL:

(a) The Appellant had authorised the withdrawal of substantial funds from
SPL’s account with DBS Bank, but these withdrawals (“the SPL Withdrawals”)
were never reflected in SPL’s company accounts; neither were there any
documents to show what had happened to those funds and why they were taken out
of the company.[note: 22]

(b) The Appellant had also authorised substantial payments from SPL to himself
and to third parties which were likewise unaccounted for (“the SPL
Payments”).[note: 23]

20 The Respondent tried to negotiate a suitable buy-out of its interest in
Singalab International and when these attempts failed, it commenced the Suit
on 4 August 2009.[note: 24] In addition to the Appellant, Mr Chan was also
joined as a defendant. Singalab International, its other shareholders (_ie_ ,
Accord Investments and Atomic International) and SPL were joined but only as
nominal defendants to the Suit.

Events after the commencement of the Suit

21 Two events occurred after the commencement of the Suit that are in our view
material. The first goes to the issue of whether the Respondent was truly
powerless to help itself and therefore entitled to claim relief under s 216.
An Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of Singalab International was held on
28 August 2009 and two of the Respondent’s representatives were appointed to
its board of directors.[note: 25] The Respondent also filed a complaint
against the Appellant with the Commercial Affairs Department. We discuss this
in more detail later in this judgment at [55].

22 The second event was the incorporation of Beans Group Pte Ltd (“Beans
Group”) on 26 August 2009. Its sole director and shareholder was the
Appellant’s 71 year old mother, Mdm Swa Soo Eng.[note: 26] Beans Group also
incorporated two related companies in Malaysia and Taiwan. The Respondent
alleged that the Appellant was a shadow director of Beans Group and had
wrongfully diverted the assets, business and talent of SPL to Beans Group in
breach of his fiduciary duties to SPL. These assets included the Licensing
Rights. In other words, Beans Group was the vehicle used by the Appellant to
hold his allegedly ill-gotten gains.

23 The business of Beans Group was subsequently sold to HiSoft Singapore Pte
Ltd (“HiSoft”) for an estimated total purchase price of S$5,460,046.00
pursuant to a Sale and Purchase Agreement dated 17 January 2011 (“the HiSoft
SPA”).[note: 27] A Deed of Assignment[note: 28] was executed on the same day,
wherein Beans Group assigned to the Appellant all its “rights, entitlement,
title and interest whatsoever” that it had under the HiSoft SPA.

24 On 13 February 2012, pursuant to a winding up application brought by a
creditor, Beans Group was ordered to be wound up with the Official Receiver
being appointed as its Liquidator. However, as at 9 January 2013, no Statement
of Affairs had yet been filed for the company.

The decision below

25 We will only summarise that part of the Judgment which concerns the present
appeal. The Judge made the following findings of fact. First, the Judge
accepted the Respondent’s case that the Transfers had been made without the
necessary approvals required under s 160 of the Companies Act. In this regard,
the Judge found that the 12 June 2006 Meeting did not take place and that
there was no evidence that the Respondent or Accord Investment knew of, let
alone authorised, the Transfers. Second, the Judge found that the Appellant
had misappropriated the funds of and mismanaged the accounts of SPL, and he
was accordingly in breach of his duty to SPL at common law as well as his duty
under s 157(1) of the Companies Act to act honestly in the interests of SPL.
Finally, the Judge found that the Appellant was the controlling mind behind
Beans Group and that the Appellant had diverted assets, business and talents
of SPL to Beans Group in breach of his duties to SPL.

26 The Judge also found that the Respondent had made its case that it was the
victim of commercial unfairness and was therefore entitled to a remedy under s
216 of the Companies Act. Such commercial unfairness would have been made out
_solely_ on the basis that the Transfers were wrongful. However, the Judge
also found that as a matter of law she was entitled to take into account the
Appellant’s misconduct of the affairs of SPL in the assessment of whether the
Appellant’s conduct of the affairs of Singalab International was such as to
amount to commercial unfairness. On this alternative basis, the Judge found
that the Respondent was also entitled to a remedy under s 216.

27 On the issue of the remedies that would be available, the Judge considered
that under s 216(2) of the Companies Act she had ample discretion to tailor
the relief to the facts before her and that she was not bound by the relief
pleaded for by the Respondent. Accordingly, she made the following orders:

(a) The Deed of Assignment was to be set aside and the Appellant was to hold
all the monies and shares due from Hisoft to Beans Group under the HiSoft SPA
on trust for Beans Group and the latter should in turn hold the same on trust
for SPL.

(b) The Appellant should, within 30 days of the Judgment, compensate SPL for
the losses it suffered and was to make good to SPL the following sums which
the Judge found had been improperly withdrawn:

(i) RM1,433,383.80, being the Malaysian Cash Withdrawals;

(ii) S$4,476,646.00, being the SPL Withdrawals;

(iii) S$495, 836.40, being the SPL Payments; and

(iv) the adjusted profits of S$94,599 made by SPL for the period between 1
April 2007 and 31 March 2008.

(c) The transfer of Singalab International’s interest in SPL was to be set
aside.

(d) Once the Appellant had complied with these orders, he was further required
to purchase the Respondent’s shares in Singalab International within 30 days
(“the Buyout Order”). The price and other terms of the buyout was to be
determined taking into account the fact that the Appellant would, by this
stage, have complied with the other orders above.

(e) In the event that the Appellant did not comply with the Buyout Order
within the 30-day period, the Respondent was entitled to apply for the winding
up for Singalab International, with the costs of the winding-up borne by the
Appellant.

(f) Costs of the Suit were awarded to the Respondent to be agreed or taxed on
a standard basis with disbursements to be paid on an indemnity basis.

The issues before this Court

28 The Appellant does not challenge the Judge’s findings that the Transfers
were wrongful, that he had mismanaged the accounts and misappropriated the
funds of SPL, and that he had set up Beans Group in breach of his fiduciary
duties to SPL. Instead his main contentions are as follows:

(a) The Respondent’s claim was improperly pleaded because it had not expressly
pleaded that it was bringing a claim for relief under s 216 of the Companies
Act;

(b) The Judge had erred in finding that commercial unfairness had been made
out on the facts;

(c) The Respondent’s claim could not properly be characterised as being for a
personal wrong; and

(d) The Judge had erred in purporting to exercise her discretion to grant
unpleaded relief under s 216(2) of the Companies Act.

Our decision

Was the oppression claim satisfactorily pleaded?

29 The Appellant contends that since the Respondent did not expressly plead
that its claim was for relief under s 216 of the Companies Act, it was
therefore not open to the court to grant relief under that provision.

30 We disagree. We are not aware of any authority whatsoever for that
proposition. Neither the Companies Act nor the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”) states that relief under s 216 may be granted only if
that section is specifically invoked in the pleadings. Order 88 r 2(4) of the
ROC states that an application under s 216 of the Companies Act “shall be made
by writ”. That is the only procedural requirement and it was undoubtedly
fulfilled in this case. The Appellant also could not cite a single case as
authority for the proposition it advanced.

31 In any case, as a matter of principle, we cannot see why there ought to be
such a requirement. The general position with regard to pleadings is that
stated in O 18 r 7(1) of the ROC, which is that “every pleading must contain,
and contain only, a statement in a summary form of _the material facts on
which the party pleading relies for his claim_ or defence” (emphasis added).
The objective behind this general rule is to ensure that neither party is
taken by surprise in relation to the case that he must meet at trial. We are
satisfied that in the present case, there could have been no question of any
surprise because, in our judgment, the Respondent had adequately pleaded the
material facts which it was relying on for its claim. In its statement of
claim (Amendment no 2) (“SOC Amendment no 2”), the Respondent stated as
follows:

39\. The [Respondent] further avers that the foregoing demonstrates that the
affairs of the Singalab/Beans Group are being conducted in a manner oppressive
to the [Respondent] and/or in disregard of the [Respondent’s] interest.

40\. The [Respondent] further avers that [the] conduct of the [Appellant] was
clearly designed to unfairly discriminate the [Respondent] as a member of
[Singalab International].

The above clearly sufficed to put the Appellant on notice that the
Respondent’s claim was one for relief under s 216 of the Companies Act.

32 We also find that the Respondent had, in any event, validly amended its SOC
to make express reference to ss 216(_a_) and (_b_) of the Companies Act in the
paragraphs quoted above,[note: 29] so that even if the pleadings were
originally defective, such defects were cured by the amendments. The
Respondent applied for and was granted leave to amend its pleadings in this
regard[note: 30] following the observation made in the course of the trial by
the Judge that s 216 of the Companies Act had not been expressly pleaded
anywhere in the Respondent’s SOC Amendment no 2.[note: 31] We do not take the
Judge’s observation as laying down any principle of law that s 216 must be
expressly pleaded in every claim mounted for relief from oppression. In any
case, Mr Lim Chee San (“Mr Lim”), counsel for the Appellant here and below,
did not raise any objections to the amendment and did not file an appeal
against the Judge’s decision to allow the amendment. It is trite that a court
has a wide power to allow amendments to pleadings at any stage of the
proceedings which would enable the real issues between the parties to be
ventilated, unless the amendment would cause injustice or injury to the
opposing party: _Wright Norman and another v Overseas-Chinese Banking Corp
Ltd_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 640 at [6]. We do not see how that power was in any way
improperly exercised by the Judge in allowing the amendments; neither can we
see how that would cause the Appellant any injustice or injury. Accordingly,
we hold that the Respondent’s claim for relief under s 216 of the Companies
Act was adequately pleaded.

Did the Judge err in finding that commercial unfairness had been made out?

33 Section 216(1) reads as follows:

**Personal remedies in cases of oppression or injustice**

**216**.—(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company or, in the case
of a declared company under Part IX, the Minister may apply to the Court for
an order under this section on the ground —

(_a_) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in disregard of his or
their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(_b_) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against or is otherwise
prejudicial to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

34 On the words of the subsection there are a number of limbs under which a
claim for relief may be brought, but the common thread between all of them is
the element of commercial unfairness which would justify the invocation of the
court's jurisdiction under s 216: _Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and
another_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 111 at [68].

35 On the question of whether there was commercial unfairness in the present
case such as to justify an order under s 216, two issues were raised for our
decision. The first is the Appellant’s argument that because the Respondent’s
claim was brought _qua_ its position as a member of Singalab International,
the Judge was not entitled, under s 216, to have any reference whatsoever to
any prejudicial manner in which the activities of Singalab International’s
_subsidiaries_ were conducted, in particular, SPL. The words “affairs of the
company” in s 216(1)(_a_) ought to be read strictly to refer only to the
affairs of that company whose member or members were seeking relief under s
216, and not to the affairs of that company’s subsidiaries.

36 The second issue is whether the Respondent is disentitled from relief under
s 216 because it is the majority shareholder of Singalab International.

37 We consider each in turn.

The Appellant’s conduct in relation to the affairs of the subsidiaries

38 The Appellant contends that the Judge should not have taken into account
matters which pertained to the conduct of the affairs of SPL and that by doing
so, the Judge had deprived the Appellant of his right to raise a defence or
bring a counterclaim against SPL. We note here that the Judge had held that
_solely_ on the basis of the wrongful Transfers there was commercial
unfairness in the conduct of the affairs of Singalab International that was
prejudicial to the Respondent. If the Judge were correct in holding this, it
would not have made a difference to the outcome if the Judge had taken into
account matters that pertained to the conduct of the affairs of SPL.

39 In our judgment, the Appellant’s contentions are off the mark. In the
context of groups of companies, our courts take a practical rather than narrow
and legalistic approach in construing the words “affairs of a company” in s
216. In _Kumagai Gumi Co Ltd v Zenecon Pte Ltd_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 304 (“
_Kumagai_ ”), the appellant had sought relief under s 216 of the Companies Act
in respect of a joint venture company (“KZ”), of which the appellant was a 49%
shareholder and the respondent was a 51% shareholder. KZ had a subsidiary
company (“KPM”). This court rejected the argument that the appellant had to
show that the oppressive conduct or unfair discriminatory acts complained of
were in respect of the affairs of KZ and not KPM and stated at [44] that:

… It seems to us that counsel has adopted a much too legalistic approach
relying on the separate legal personalities of KZ and KPM. KPM is a subsidiary
of KZ and the affairs of KPM were very much under the control of KZ and both
were managed and run by Low and his group.

40 A similar approach was taken in the case of _Low Peng Boon v Low Janie and
others and other appeals_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 337 (“ _Low Peng Boon_ ”). In that
case, the respondent was the minority shareholder of a company which was the
holding company of profitable subsidiaries in Malaysia and Hong Kong. She
sought relief under s 216 of the Companies Act, alleging amongst other things
that the managing director of the holding company had used the funds of the
Hong Kong subsidiary to pay for his personal travel expenses and had
deliberately hoarded the profits of the Hong Kong subsidiary (by refusing to
declare dividends) so as to maximise his own bonus. This court took into
account the commercially unfair acts that took place in respect of the affairs
of the subsidiary as well.

41 Finally in _Lim Chee Twang v Chan Shuk Kuen Helina and others_ [2010] 2 SLR
209 (“ _Lim Chee Twang_ ”), Quentin Loh JC (as he was then) observed that the
doctrine of separate legal personalities could not to be invoked as a shield
for clearly oppressive and commercially unfair conduct in a group of
companies, where this could lead to a serious gap in the remedies available to
an aggrieved minority shareholder (at [98]). However, in the final analysis,
the plaintiff had to be able to show, on the facts, that the affairs of the
subsidiary “actually affected or impacted the holding company” (at [97]).

42 We think that the approach adopted in the above cited cases is sound and we
also agree that, in the final analysis, the question that must be answered in
this regard is whether the affairs of the subsidiary affect or impact the
holding company: _Lim Chee Twang_ at [97]. Legitimate claims for relief from
oppression should not be defeated by technical and legalistic objections
relating to the company’s shareholding structure; at the same time the
doctrine of separate legal personalities and the strict words of the statute
(“the affairs of _the company_ ” (emphasis added)) must be respected. In our
view, the balance between these competing interests would be properly drawn by
a requirement that commercially unfair conduct in the management of a
subsidiary would be relevant so long and to the extent that such conduct
affected or impacted the holding company whose member was the party claiming
relief from oppression. The purpose and policy behind s 216 of the Companies
Act is, above all, to grant relief from the oppressive behaviour to
shareholders who would otherwise be unable to stop that abuse: see below at
[49]. If the affairs of the subsidiary do not affect or impact the holding
company, shareholders and members of the latter could hardly complain that
their interests were therefore prejudiced.

43 Turning to the present case, Singalab International had clearly been
incorporated as a holding company and its _sole_ assets were shares in its
wholly owned subsidiary companies. The business of the holding company was
therefore, in practical terms, comprised wholly of the businesses of its
subsidiaries. Thus the way in which the Appellant conducted the business of
the subsidiary SPL would undoubtedly have impacted Singalab International. The
evidence showed that the parties did not intend or in fact treat Singalab
International and its subsidiaries as separate corporate entities. This is
evinced by the understanding between the various shareholders that the
shareholding structure in Singalab International was also to be applied to its
subsidiaries and the fact that the Appellant managed both Singalab
International and its subsidiaries (under the supervision of the Exco) (see
above at [7]–[8]). Thus, we find that the Judge did not err in taking into
account the Appellant’s conduct of the affairs of SPL, an operational arm of
Singalab International.

44 The Appellant says that as a consequence of the Judge’s error in taking
into account the prejudicial manner in which SPL’s affairs were conducted, the
Appellant had been deprived of his right to raise a defence or bring a
counterclaim against SPL. As we have said above, the first part of this
proposition is erroneous; it follows that the Appellant’s entire argument on
this point must fail. But the second part to the proposition is, in our
judgment, wholly without merit as well. The Appellant had been given ample
opportunity to defend himself against the allegations that he had acted in
breach of his fiduciary duties to SPL and did in fact avail himself of such
opportunities. As we pointed out to Mr Lim during the hearing, there was
nothing to preclude the Appellant from pleading that in the event he should be
found to have acted oppressively or in an unfairly prejudicial manner, there
were amounts owing to him by SPL that ought to be set off against any order
made against him in favour of SPL. The Appellant was clearly in the best
position and had ample opportunity to put forward these claims, yet he did not
do so. A reasonable inference would be that there was no such debt owing by
SPL to the Appellant. In any event, we reiterate our observation made during
the hearing that if SPL were in fact a debtor of the Appellant, the orders
made in this proceeding would not preclude the Appellant from bringing a fresh
action against SPL for the sums owing to him. Plainly, the Appellant has not
been prejudiced in pursuing his alleged legal rights against SPL.

45 The inescapable corollary to our finding at [43] above that the assets of
Singalab International were comprised wholly of the businesses of its
subsidiaries is that the effect of the Transfers was to denude Singalab
International of all its value and to reduce it into an empty shell company.
The Appellant thereby enriched himself at the expense of the company.

Control of Singalab International

46 The second issue is whether the fact that the Respondent is the majority
shareholder in Singalab International would preclude it from claiming relief
under s 216 of the Companies Act. The Judge found that it would not.

47 As a preliminary point, we note that the Appellant does not appear to
challenge this finding, but as this is a question of law, we do not think we
are constrained from considering this issue. The Court of Appeal has broad
powers to determine the real issues in the dispute that is placed before it:
see generally s 37 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed). We would add that this issue of control is not a new argument — the point
was pleaded in the Appellant’s defence[note: 32] and the parties’ arguments on
this issue were fully canvassed with the relevant evidence led at the trial
below. As the point was not raised in the Appellant’s case, the Respondent did
not prepare written submissions addressing it, but in the course of the
hearing before us, we gave counsel for the Respondent Mr Chan an opportunity
to present oral submissions.

48 In our judgment, the touchstone is not whether the claimant is a minority
shareholder of the company in question, but whether he lacks the power to stop
the allegedly oppressive acts. Section 216(1) of the Companies Act states only
that “any member…of a company” may bring an action for relief under that
provision; there is no further requirement that only members who are minority
shareholders are so entitled. Having regard to the purpose underlying s 216,
we think the correct position is that where a member is able to remedy any
prejudice or discrimination he has suffered through the ordinary powers he
possesses by virtue of his position, the conduct of the defendant cannot be
said to be unfair to him: see also the dicta of Knox J in _Re Baltic Real
Estate Ltd (No. 2)_ [1993] BCLC 503 at 507. Section 216 of the Companies Act
is, save for a few minor amendments, based on s 210 of the UK Companies Act
1948 (c 38) (UK) (“the UK Companies Act 1948”) and s 186 of the Australian
Companies Act 1961 (which was also essentially identical to the English
provision): see clause 181 of the Companies Bill 1966, which became our
Companies Act (Act 42 of 1967). Section 210 of the UK Companies Act 1948 came
about following a recommendation made by the Cohen Committee of 1945 that the
position of _minority shareholders_ of a private company in resisting
oppression by the majority shareholders or the controllers of a company should
be strengthened: _Report of the Committee on Company Law Amendment_ (Cmnd
6059, 1945) at para 60. The effective protection of minorities was again
emphasised in the report of the Jenkins Committee some years later in respect
of possible amendments to the section: _Report of the Company Law Committee_
(Cmnd 1749, 1962) (“the Jenkins Report”) at para 200. In _Re Legal Costs
Negotiators Ltd_ [1999] BCC 547 (“ _Re Legal Costs_ ”), Gibson LJ examined
these English oppression provisions, which, as we have shown above, are
directly relevant to our s 216, and concluded that:

…there is academic and judicial consensus as to the meaning of the section and
as to the mischief which it was intended to cure, viz. the abuse of power _to
the prejudice of shareholders who lack the power to stop that abuse_.
[emphasis added]

49 We think this is correct in principle. It would be contrary to the purpose
and intent of s 216 of the Companies Act to permit a shareholder to seek
relief where he possesses the power to exercise self-help by taking control of
the company and bringing to an end the prejudicial state of affairs: see _Re
Legal Costs_ at 552. As was observed by Margaret Chew in _Minority
Shareholders’ Rights and Remedies_ (Lexis Nexis, 2nd Ed, 2007) (“ _Chew_ ”) at
pp 219–220:

The pertinent issue is to ascertain whether an applicant alleging oppression
under section 216 of the Companies Act has control over the affairs of the
company, for there is good sense in saying that an applicant ought to lack
such control. _Evidently, an applicant that is in control of the affairs of
the company cannot convincingly allege to have been oppressed…_ [emphasis
added]

While the learned author used the narrower term “oppression”, in our judgment,
the principle stated in the emphasised portion of the passage above is one
that is of general applicability whenever commercial unfairness is alleged in
a claim for relief under s 216 (see above at [34]; see also _Ng Sing King and
others v PSA International Pte Ltd and others_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 56 at [93] and
_Lim Swee Khiang and another v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd and others_ [2006] 4 SLR(R)
745 at [80]–[82]).

50 It is always a question of fact whether in a particular case a shareholder
claiming relief ought to be considered to lack control over the affairs of the
company. In ordinary cases where the shares carry equal voting rights, a
majority shareholder will generally have the power to end the unfairly
prejudicial conduct of the company’s affairs: see _Re Legal Costs_ at 553.
However, this might not be the case where, for example, there is a separate
shareholder agreement amongst the shareholders which confers managerial powers
solely on the minority shareholder. Thus in _Kumagai Gumi Co Ltd v Zenecon-
Kumagai Sdn Bhd & Ors and another application_ [1994] 2 MLJ 789 the Malaysian
High Court held that a claim for relief from oppression was (at p 808):

… available to majority shareholders who are not in control of the management
of the company and who, for any given reason, are unable to control the board,
_eg_ because they have agreed to a management power sharing formula in a
separate agreement among the shareholders.

51 The position may differ where the company has issued shares of different
classes, some of which may carry voting rights and some of which may not. For
instance, in the case of _In re HR Harmer Ltd_ [1959] 1 WLR 62 (“ _Harmer_ ”),
the father and patriarch of the company, along with his wife, controlled a
preponderance of the class “B” shares, which carried all the voting power, but
only a minority of the class “A” shares, which carried the right to divisible
profits but no voting power. Jenkins LJ held that the sons, who had the
majority of the class “A” shares, were not thereby barred from claiming relief
from their father’s oppressive behaviour. His Lordship also rejected the
father’s contention that the acts complained of might have been restrained by
an injunction, in so far as they were acts done without the authority of the
board. Having found that the father was in control of the company and that his
conduct amounted to oppression of the other shareholders, Jenkins LJ
considered that it did not lie in the mouth of the controlling party _ie_ ,
the father, to argue that other causes of action were also available to the
oppressed parties.

52 The Judge cited _Chew_ at p 219–220 (see [99] of the Judgment), which
passage relied on _Harmer_ , as authority for the proposition that:

… majority shareholders cannot be considered to have effective management
control by the mere fact of being in the majority. In particular, where
wrongdoing by directors is concerned, it ought not to be a defence by the
wrongdoing directors that their wrongdoing could have been restrained by
injunction or addressed by an action for breach of duty by the company,
because by virtue of being the majority shareholders, the majority could have
moved the company to take action against the directors. Such an argument by
counsel for the wrongdoer in _Re H R Harmer Ltd_ was not well received by
Jenkins LJ who said:

[C]ounsel for the father said that the acts complained of might have been
restrained by injunction so far as they were acts done without the authority
of the board. As to this, I do not think that a wrongdoer in this field can
well complain that the person wronged might have chosen another remedy.

53 Applying this principle, the Judge found that the fact that the Respondent
had majority control of Singalab International could not be held against it in
a claim for relief under s 216.

54 We disagree. In our judgment, this passage in _Chew_ and the construction
placed on it by the Judge are incorrect and clearly run counter to the intent
and purpose of s 216 of the Companies Act. On the authority of _Harmer_ , it
will not lie in the mouth of a defendant who is in control of the company
_and_ who has been found guilty of oppressive conduct to say that the claimant
ought to have taken other remedies that might have been available to him. But
if, on the facts, the claimant was entitled, for instance, to change the board
of directors or otherwise to take control of the company, then such a claimant
would _not_ be entitled to relief under s 216. In such a case, the defendant
_may_ legitimately claim that the claimant ought to have exercised his right
to take control of the company instead of coming to court for relief under s
216.

55 That, in our view, is the crux of the present case, and in our judgment,
the fact that the Respondent has the majority voting power and was able to use
it to take control of the company disentitles it from claiming relief under s
216. The Judge was correct in observing that as managing director of Singalab
International, the Appellant had effective day-to-day control over the
company. This, however, should not have been the end of the analysis. As the
Judge noted, the Respondent, being the majority shareholder of Singalab
International, could have voted its representatives onto its board of
directors and _did in fact do so after the commencement of the Suit_ (see
above at [21]). Once it had effective control of the Board and the affairs of
Singalab International in its hands, it could have removed the Appellant from
the Board, or caused the company to claim against the Appellant for the assets
which had been improperly siphoned away.

56 We note also that there is nothing in the Memorandum or Articles of
Association of Singalab International conferring special powers of control on
the Appellant as Managing Director or precluding the participation of the
Respondent in the Board. Table A of the 4th Schedule to the Companies Act was
adopted wholesale in the company’s constitutional documents.[note: 33] Under
cross-examination, Mr Lim KE conceded that the Respondent, by virtue of its
position as majority shareholder, had voting control of Singalab International
and that it could have removed the Appellant as a director of the company at
any time, notwithstanding their conscious decision to give the Appellant day-
to-day control of the company.[note: 34]

57 Apart from the formal arrangements evidenced by the Articles and Memorandum
of Singalab International, the Judge also found that there was an
understanding between the parties that the Appellant was to run and manage
Singalab International although he was to report to the Exco. Whilst we concur
with this finding, we do not think that this understanding had the effect of
precluding the Respondent from participating in the Board of Singalab
International. Apart from Mr Lim KE’s own evidence above at [56], Mr Ng HK had
been appointed as a director of the Singalab International from 1 September
2004 to 30 June 2005, which was _after_ the Exco had been formed.

58 To Mr Chan’s credit, he conceded at the hearing before us that with the
benefit of hindsight, the Respondent could have commenced proceedings for a
different kind of relief. We note in this regard that Mr Chan and his firm
were not involved in the trial below. He submitted, however, that the issue of
whether the Respondent had control over the company was a “technicality” that
did not cause any prejudice to the Appellant. With respect, this submission
was misconceived. The requirement that the shareholder (here the Respondent)
claiming relief under s 216 must be otherwise powerless to change its fate by
taking control of the company is a substantive one that goes to the very heart
of the s 216 process.

59 For the foregoing reasons, we find that the Judge erred in holding that the
Respondent had successfully made out its claim under s 216 of the Companies
Act. This finding would suffice to dispose of the appeal. However, we would
like to discuss briefly a further issue raised by the Appellant which may be
of general interest.

The distinction between wrong done to the company and a personal wrong
suffered by a shareholder

60 The Appellant submits that the wrongs alleged here are wrongs done to
Singalab International, _viz_ its subsidiaries, and not a wrong suffered by
the Respondent in its _personal_ capacity as a member of Singalab
International. He argues therefore that the Respondent should not be allowed
to use s 216 of the Companies Act to circumvent the proper plaintiff rule and
reflective loss principle and that a derivative action should have been
pursued by the Respondent instead.

61 The proper plaintiff rule in _Foss v Harbottle_ (1843) 2 Hare 461 (“ _Foss_
”) provides that in an action for a wrong alleged to have been done to a
company (_ie_ a corporate wrong) the proper plaintiff is _prima facie_ the
company itself. The reflective loss principle is a variant of the proper
plaintiff rule: _Townsing Henry George v Jenton Overseas Investment Pte Ltd
(in liquidation)_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 597 at [78]. Where the shareholder’s loss
merely reflects the company’s loss that would be made good if the company had
enforced its full rights, the proper party to recover the reflective loss is
the company and not the shareholder: _Johnson v Gore Wood & Co (a firm)_
[2002] 2 AC 1 (“ _Johnson_ ”), _per_ Lord Bingham at 35. Section 216 of the
Companies Act, however, provides for a remedy for a wrong suffered in the
member’s _personal_ capacity. The individual member sues _in his own right_ to
protect his interests as a member of the company: see _Edwards v Halliwell_
[1950] 2 All ER 1064. Thus, s 216 of the Companies Act is not a true exception
to the proper plaintiff rule but rather a situation where the proper plaintiff
rule does not apply: see Tan Cheng Han ed, _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (3rd
ed, Sweet & Maxwell, 2005) (“ _Woon_ ”) (at paras 9.25–9.26).

62 In reality, the distinction between personal and corporate wrongs is rarely
clear. The lack of clarity is compounded in the context of s 216 of the
Companies Act because the concept of commercial unfairness also appears to
embrace wrongs done to the company. In this regard, we think it pertinent to
note that s 216(1)(_a_) of the Companies Act is drafted in terms of the
claimants’ “interests as members, shareholders…” It is plain to us that a
wrong done to the company may affect the interests of its members. The Jenkins
Report clearly recognised this (at para 206):

In addition to these direct wrongs to the minority, there is the type of case
in which a wrong is done to the company itself and the control vested in the
majority is wrongfully used to prevent action being taken against the
wrongdoer. In such a case the minority is indirectly wronged.

63 Thus, whilst not all complaints of oppression will involve wrongs against
the company, it is not uncommon to find a petition founded upon facts which
also disclose a concurrent wrong against the company, which would usually be a
breach of director’s duties. For example, in _Kumagai_ , the defendant’s
breach of his director’s duties to the said company was found also to amount
to oppressive conduct as against the claimant. In _Low Peng Boon_ , the
factual allegations made to support the claimant’s petition disclosed various
breaches of director’s duties mainly involving the misuse of corporate funds;
these acts were found to constitute oppressive conduct as against the
petitioner. That being said, we emphasise that this is quite separate and
distinct from permitting s 216 of the Companies Act to be used to vindicate
essentially corporate wrongs.

64 We do not think the latter should be permitted, for two broad reasons.
First, an overly permissive interpretation of s 216 of the Companies Act would
run counter to our present legislative scheme which provides for the
commencement of a statutory derivative action pursuant to s 216A of the
Companies Act. In “A Reconsideration of the Shareholder’s Remedy for
Oppression in Singapore” (2013) CLWR 42 1 (61), Associate Professor Pearlie MC
Koh observes that when the Companies Act was amended to include s 216A, the
marginal note to s 216 which then read “Remedies in cases of oppression or
injustice” was amended to read “ _Personal_ remedies in cases of oppression or
injustice”. We agree with her that this was indicative of the legislative
intention to clarify the distinction between the action for _personal_ relief
under s 216 of the Companies Act and the action for _corporate_ relief under s
216A of the Companies Act. The distinction between the two is further
highlighted by the inclusion of s 216(2)(_c_) of the Companies Act which
provides that the court may, as a remedy in a _personal_ action, “authorise
civil proceedings to be brought in the name of or on behalf of the company by
such person or persons and on such terms as the Court may direct”, _ie_ , a
derivative action. Were it permissible for s 216 of the Companies Act to be
used to vindicate essentially corporate claims, s 216(2)(_c_) of the Companies
Act would be rendered nugatory. It is further pertinent to note that there are
standing requirements under s 216A(3) of the Companies Act that must be
satisfied before a complainant can apply to court for leave to commence a
statutory derivative action. These requirements are important built-in
safeguards that ensure that any litigation brought by a shareholder to pursue
corporate claims is guided by the legitimate interests of the company and
would result in an increase in the corporate value. In our judgment,
Parliament could not have intended for shareholders to sidestep these
requirements by characterising a claim for corporate relief as a personal
claim.

65 Further, and related to the above, allowing an essentially corporate claim
to be pursued under s 216 of the Companies Act would be an abuse of process as
it amounts to an improper circumvention of the proper plaintiff principle
which, far from being a legalistic procedural obstacle, is the consequence of
the fundamental doctrine of separation of legal personality that underpins
company law. Where a wrong has been done to the company, the interests of
other shareholders of the company as well as the company’s creditors will have
been similarly affected. The claimant shareholder should not be allowed to
proceed by way of a _personal_ action and recover at the expense of these
other similarly affected parties. Related to this is the danger that defendant
may face a multiplicity of suits from different claimants for essentially the
same wrong done to the company. This is evidently problematic and economically
inefficient.

66 Where then should the court draw the line? We acknowledge that there will
always be grey areas that do not lend themselves to easy categorisation. Much
will depend on the facts of each case and we do not think it useful to
formulate a fast and hard rule. Nevertheless, we think it may be of some
assistance to set out an analytical framework.

67 In the English case of _Re Charnley Davies Ltd (No 2)_ [1990] BCLC 760 (“
_Charnley_ ”), Millett J (as he then was) perceptively articulated the
distinction between unlawful conduct and conduct that is unfairly prejudicial
(their equivalent to our notion of commercial unfairness) to the petitioner’s
interest (at 783):

An allegation that the acts complained of are unlawful or infringe the
petitioner's legal rights is not a necessary averment in a s 27 petition [the
equivalent of our s 216]. In my judgment it is not a sufficient averment
either. The petitioner must allege and prove that they are evidence or
instances of the management of the company’s affairs by the administrator in a
manner which is unfairly prejudicial _to the petitioner's interests_. Unlawful
conduct may be relied on for this purpose, and its unlawfulness may have a
significant probative value, but it is not the essential factor on which the
petitioner's cause of action depends. [emphasis added]

68 At 784, Millet J further discussed the application of this principle to the
issue of distinguishing between an action for relief from oppression and a
derivative action:

The very same facts may well found either a derivative action or a s 459
petition [_ie_ equivalent to our s 216]. But that should not disguise the fact
that the nature of the complaint and the appropriate relief is different in
the two cases. Had the petitioners’ true complaint been of the unlawfulness of
the respondent's conduct, so that it would be met by an order for restitution,
then a derivative action would have been appropriate and a s 459 petition
would not. But that was not the true nature of the petitioners’ complaint.
They did not rely on the unlawfulness of the respondent's conduct to found
their cause of action; and they would not have been content with an order that
the respondent make restitution to the company. They relied on the
respondent’s unlawful conduct as evidence of the manner in which he had
conducted the company's affairs for his own benefit and _in disregard of their
interests as minority shareholders_ ; and they wanted to be bought out. They
wanted relief from mismanagement, not a remedy for misconduct.

[emphasis added]

69 Hence, an action for s 216 is appropriately brought where the complainant
is relying on the unlawfulness of the wrongdoer’s conduct as _evidence_ of the
manner in which the wrongdoer had conducted the company’s affairs in disregard
of the complainant’s interest as a minority shareholder and where the
complaint cannot be adequately addressed by the remedy provided by law for
that wrong. We agree with these views.

70 We turn next to a Canadian case, _Pappan v Acan Windows Inc_ (1991) 2 BLR
(2d) 180. There, the Newfoundland Supreme Court adopted the following
analytical framework set out in Michael St P Baxter “The Derivative Action
under the Ontario Business Corporations Act: A Review of Section 97” (1982) 27
McGill LJ 453 at p 457 to determine whether the complaint was of an
essentially personal nature:

The concept of incidental injury serves a useful purpose in the resolution of
the threshold question of whether the action is personal or derivative. The
answer involves two considerations. _First, is the individual’s injury
distinct from the corporation’s injury in that it does not occur simply
because the corporate injury exists? Second, is the individual’s injury in an
area where the shareholders by their own representative actions are exercising
a power in bad faith, or the directors are abusing a duty owed to the minority
shareholders different from that owed to the corporation?_

If the answer to either consideration is affirmative, then a personal cause of
action will exist. Admittedly, there may, in some circumstances, still be
uncertainty as to the nature of the cause of action. …

[emphasis added]

The suggestion in this passage, which is similar to that set out by Millett J
in _Charnley_ (see above at [67]), is that in order to succeed in a minority
oppression action, the minority shareholder has to show something more than
the unlawfulness of the defendant’s conduct and further that the shareholder’s
injury does not merely reflect that suffered by the company.

71 In the instant case, the Respondent’s complaint was premised on three
wrongs it alleged was committed by the Appellant, namely:

(a) the illegal Transfers;

(b) the mismanagement of SPL’s accounts and moneys; and

(c) the diversion of SPL’s business, assets and talents to the Appellant’s own
company, Beans Group.

We observe that these appear to be corporate wrongs that could have been
pursued by the Respondent by way of a derivative action under s 216A of the
Companies Act and the Respondent was, in essence, seeking restitution of the
amounts thereby siphoned off by the Appellant from Singalab International.
However, given that we have already disposed of the appeal on another ground,
there is no need for us to come to a firm landing on this issue.

Conclusion

72 For the reasons we have given at [55]–[59] above, we allow the appeal and
set aside the orders made by the Judge.

73 On the question of costs, we depart from the general principle that costs
should follow the event, as we are well entitled to do: see O 59 r 3(2) of the
ROC and _Tullio Planeta v Maoro Andrea G_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 501. In our judgment
it is appropriate to take into consideration the matters leading up to the
present litigation that in the circumstances of the case some other order
should be made: _Ho Kon Kim v Lim Gek Kim Betsy and others and another appeal_
[2001] 3 SLR(R) 253 at [12]. In this regard, it is apparent to us that the
Appellant’s conduct was clearly dishonest and reprehensible. In _Lee Seng
Choon Ronnie v Singapore Island Country Club_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 557, although
the appellant succeeded in his appeal and obtained the declaration he sought
pertaining to the retention of his club membership, the court nevertheless
deprived him of the costs of the appeal and the hearing below to record their
disapprobation of his conduct. The court observed that the appellant’s conduct
was “really inexcusable and show a cavalier attitude and disregard of the
club’s rules” (at [31]).

74 In the present case, we have no doubt that in wantonly stripping Singalab
International of its assets to enrich himself the Appellant had breached
almost every conceivable duty of fidelity to the companies in question. We
note also that the Judge below had awarded the Respondent its disbursements on
an indemnity basis due to the Appellant’s “disregard for his disclosure
obligations and his unreasonable and dishonest conduct of his defence” (at
[109] of the Judgment). In the premises, we are of the view that the Appellant
should not have his costs and we therefore make no order as to costs here and
below.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal (“ROA”) Vol III (A) at p 221.

[note: 2]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle Vol I (“1RSCB”) at p 19.

[note: 3]1RSCB at p 61.

[note: 4]ROA Vol III (A) at p 16, para 20.15.

[note: 5]ROA Vol III (A) at p 17, para 21.4 and ROA Vol III (B) at pp 79 – 84.

[note: 6]1RSCB at pp 63 – 70.

[note: 7]ROA Vol III (B) at pp 101 – 105.

[note: 8]ROA Vol III (A) at p 18, para 21.8.

[note: 9]SCB Vol I at pp 74 – 75.

[note: 10]ROA Vol III (A) at pp 18–19, paras 21.9 and 21.11.

[note: 11]1RSCB at pp 76 – 139.

[note: 12]1RSCB at pp 140 – 141.

[note: 13]1RSCB at pp 147 – 148.

[note: 14]ROA Vol III (A) at p 60, para 34.2.

[note: 15]ROA Vol III (F) at p 7.

[note: 16]1RSCB at pp 154 – 161.

[note: 17]ROA Vol III (J) at p 295, para 9.

[note: 18]Ibid at para 11

[note: 19]Ibid at para 6

[note: 20]1RSCB at pp 162 – 163.

[note: 21]ROA Vol III (F) at pp 64 – 70.

[note: 22]1RSCB at pp 165 – 171.

[note: 23]1RSCB at pp 172 – 175.

[note: 24]1RSCB at pp 178 – 180.

[note: 25]ROA Vol III (F) at pp 98 – 102.

[note: 26]1RSCB at pp 181 – 183.

[note: 27]1RSCB at pp 185 – 225.

[note: 28]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle Volume II (“2RSCB”) at pp 54 –
65.

[note: 29]SOC Amendment No. 3 dated 18 April 2013

[note: 30]2RSCB at p 33; NE 16.04.2013 p 676 lines 1 – 31.

[note: 31]2RSCB at p 30; NE 15.04.2013 p 437 lines 14 – 18.

[note: 32]Defence Amendment No 3 at para 7.

[note: 33]ROA Volume III (B) at pp 44 – 56.

[note: 34]ROA Vol 3(L) at p 54 lines 22 – 28 and p 55 lines 1 – 3.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Sep 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

