Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  BND _v_ BNE  
[2014] SGHC 30

Case Number| :| Divorce Transferred No 3375 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gill Carrie Kaur (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
plaintiff; The defendant in person.  
Parties| :|  BND — BNE  
  
18 February 2014|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 This supplementary judgment came about as a result of further arguments
heard by me on 9 and 13 January 2014 at the request of the defendant [BNE]
(“the husband”). The request was made four days after I had released my
written judgment on 27 December 2013 (“the Judgment”).

2 Much of the further arguments were a repetition of arguments I had earlier
heard in the ancillary proceedings. They therefore lay in the province of
appeal and not further arguments. However, the husband did produce a copy of a
letter from Goodwins Law Corporation dated 16 September 2010 (“Goodwins’ Later
Letter”) enclosing a letter from the Central Provident Fund Board dated 3
August 2010 (“the CPF Letter”) which showed that the principal amount
withdrawn from his CPF account to pay for the matrimonial home at [address
redacted] was $281,951.82 and not $262,628 as computed by the court based on
Goodwins’ earlier letter of 9 September 2010 (“Goodwins’ Earlier Letter”). On
the strength of the CPF Letter, he sought an upward adjustment to the
principal amount attributed to him as his financial contribution towards the
purchase of the matrimonial property.

3 Ms Carrie Gill (“Ms Gill”), counsel for the plaintiff [BND] (“the wife”)
objected to any such adjustment on the ground that the husband had been asked
several times in the course of the proceedings to produce the CPF Letter but
chose not to do so. That, according to Ms Gill, was because he wanted the
benefit of the higher figure (comprising principal and interest) in Goodwins’
Earlier Letter rather than the lower aggregate figure in Goodwins’ Later
Letter.

4 However, what was relevant was the principal amount that the husband had
withdrawn and not the aggregate of principal and interest. The figure in
Goodwins’ Earlier Letter was not broken down into principal and interest, and
the court was therefore obliged to work out, as best it could, what the
principal amount was. It arrived at the figure of $262,628. When the husband
saw that the principal amount attributed to him in the Judgment was lower than
the principal amount in the CPF Letter, he then decided to produce the CPF
Letter. The fact that he could produce the CPF Letter so quickly after the
Judgment was released showed that he had the document with him all along.

5 Ms Gill argued that he ought to be penalised for having failed to produce
the CPF Letter earlier when it was needed. I sympathised with that sentiment,
but was disinclined to allow the figure inaccurately computed by the court to
stay. Accordingly, I allowed the upward adjustment of the husband’s financial
contribution, resulting in his percentage contribution towards the purchase of
the matrimonial home being increased from 79% to 79.5%. The wife’s
contribution was reduced _pro tanto_ to 20.5% instead of 21%. The adjustments
made to [7] of the Judgment are shown below:

**Description / Party** |  **Husband** |  **Wife**  
---|---|---  
Cash down payment |  $200,000 |  -  
Total CPF contribution (excluding interest) |  ~~$262,628~~ $281,951.82  |  -  
Stamp duty and legal fees |  $29,601.33  |  -  
Mortgage payments  |  $178,200 |  $178,200  
**Total:** |  $670,429.33 |  $178,200  
**Direct financial contribution (%)** |  ~~79%~~ 79.5% |  ~~21%~~ 20.5%  
  
  

6 Consequential amendments were also made to other figures shown at [23] and
[25] of the Judgment. For ease of reference, [23] and [25] bearing such
amendments are set out below:

23 Adopting a broad-brush approach, I am of the view that an award of ~~36%~~
35.5% of the matrimonial home’s net sale proceeds (_ie_ , ~~36%~~ 35.5% of
$1,084,341.74) to the wife would be just and equitable in the circumstances of
this case. This award is made up of ~~21%~~ 20.5% for her direct financial
contributions and 15% for her indirect contributions. In arriving at the
latter figure, I considered all the circumstances of this case, including the
wife’s frequent travelling for business and the reduced time she would have
had with the two children.

…

25 In total, therefore, I award the wife ~~$558,363.03~~ $552,941.05 or
approximately ~~51.5%~~ 51% of the sale proceeds of the matrimonial home of
which she has only received $140,000 from the stakeholder account. The
husband, on the other hand, has already received $564,591.73 of the sale
proceeds. This is made up of the $80,000 deposit received from the purchaser;
$344,591.73 in respect of the CPF refund; and $140,000 withdrawn from the
stakeholder account. The balance of the award in favour of the wife is
~~$418,363.03~~ $412,941.05. I order that:

(a) the amount of $379,750.01 standing in the stakeholder account held by
Veritas Law Corporation be paid to the wife;

(b) the wife be entitled to ~~$38,613.02~~ $33.191.04 of the husband’s CPF
moneys pursuant to s 112 of the Women’s Charter;

(c) there shall be a charge imposed against the CPF moneys standing to the
credit of the husband’s CPF account in favour of the wife in the amount
specified as follows:

**Husband’s CPF account against which a charge is to be imposed** |  **Amount** **to be charged**  
---|---  
Ordinary Account |  ~~$38,613.02~~ $33,191.04  
  
  

(d) In the event that the actual amount standing to the credit of the
husband’s account stated above at the time when this order is served on the
CPF Board is less than ~~$38,613.02~~ $33,191.04, the CPF Board shall impose
the charge only on such actual amount as is available (the “Charged Amount”);

(e) The CPF Board shall pay to the wife the Charged Amount or such amount as
is payable after deducting the requisite sums under CPF laws:

(i) after the husband has died or has become entitled to withdraw CPF moneys
from his CPF account under s 15(2) or s 27 of the Central Provident Fund Act
(Cap 36, 2013 Rev Ed), whichever is earliest in time; and

(ii) upon an application by the wife for the withdrawal of the Charged Amount.

(f) monthly maintenance of $1 be paid by the husband to the wife.

7 The husband also complained that the court’s Notes of Arguments did not
fully reflect his arguments. He alleged that therefore the court failed to
consider his arguments. Admittedly, the Notes of Arguments were brief.
However, the parties’ contentions had been set out in a table which both sides
prepared at my request setting out their respective assertions as well as
their responses to the opposite parties’ assertions. In addition, the
husband’s arguments were set out in his written “Skeletal Arguments” and
affidavits. Thus, all the husband’s arguments had been considered.

8 Finally, the husband complained that on the final day of hearing before
judgment was delivered, he had requested the court to direct the wife to
produce more bank statements to show the movement of moneys in her personal
account with Overseas Union Bank (“OUB”) in Singapore.

9 According to the husband, it was not until the wife filed her affidavit of 8
July 2013 (exhibiting in Tab 3 thereof certain pages of her OUB savings
passbook to evidence her mother’s transfer of capital to Singapore) that it
occurred to him to allege that the wife had siphoned off, into her personal
account, payments from trade debtors to their partnership firm [C]. If so, it
is strange that in his affidavit of 26 August 2013, which was more than a
month later, no such allegation was made. Moreover, Ms Gill pointed out that
the existence of the wife’s personal account with OUB was disclosed by the
wife in her first affidavit of assets and means on 22 August 2011. At no time
before the husband’s affidavit of 11 November 2013 did he allege that the wife
was depositing into her personal account, trade debts meant for [C].

10 Given that the husband, an accountant by training, was managing [C]’s
business and keeping proper accounting records, it is difficult to believe
that he would not have been alerted to the wife’s alleged diversion of
payments if invoices to trade debtors remained permanently unpaid.

11 Indeed, there are statements in his earlier affidavits which appear to
contradict this allegation. Thus, in his affidavit of 29 September 2011, at p
12, para (xi)(3), he stated: “All sales proceeds and business expenses from
[C] go into [C]’s business bank account …”. His much belated request on the
last day of hearing on 18 November 2013 for the wife to produce statements
from her savings account was nothing more than a request to be allowed to go
on a fishing expedition after the fishing boat had beached. Accordingly, his
request was denied.

12 I also heard the parties on costs and ordered that costs of the ancillaries
hearings (including those in Summons No 1571 of 2012) be borne by the husband,
such costs to be taxed unless agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

