Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Comptroller of Income Tax _v_ BBO  
[2014] SGCA 10

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 58 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Foo Hui Min, David Lim and Vikna Rajah (Inland Revenue
Authority of Singapore) for the appellant; Tan Kay Kheng, Tan Shao Tong,
Novella Chan and Jeremiah Soh (Wong Partnership LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Comptroller of Income Tax — BBO  
  
4 February 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal under s 81(5) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the ITA”) against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
dismissing the appeal of the appellant Comptroller (“the Appellant”) against
the decision of the Income Tax Board of Review (“the Board”) in Income Tax
Appeal Nos 3 and 4 of 2010. The Board had allowed the appeal of the respondent
insurance company (“the Respondent”) against revised assessments raised on it
by the Appellant seeking to tax the gains made by the Respondent on the
disposal of certain shares (“the Shares”) that had been held by the Respondent
in its related companies [C], [D] and [E].

2 The significance of this case lies to some degree in the fact that it is the
first local case dealing with the income tax treatment of investment gains
accruing to insurance companies. At its core it revolves around the single
issue of whether the gains arising from the Respondent’s disposal of the
Shares were revenue or capital in nature (and hence whether they were liable
to be taxed as income). The Appellant submits that the Shares were held as
assets of the Respondent’s insurance business in its insurance funds at the
time of disposal and that the gains therefrom were therefore in the nature of
income. The Appellant’s arguments (at least on appeal) are based, in large
part, on the fact that the Shares were held by the Respondent in statutorily
mandated insurance funds and were used to meet the Respondent’s solvency
margins as prescribed by legislation. In rebuttal, the Respondent argues that
insurance companies, like all other companies, are not precluded from holding
shares as capital assets, the disposal of which would give rise to _capital_
gains. In particular, the Respondent submits that the Shares were held by it
as part of a corporate preservation strategy rather than for the purposes of
trade.

3 This appeal raises, _inter alia_ , interesting questions as to the singular
nature of insurance companies as enterprises to which investment activities
are central (if not crucial), the impact of this on their consequent tax
treatment and the relevance of the overarching regulatory regime to the entire
enquiry.

Facts

4 The Respondent is a company registered in Singapore and is part of the [C]
Group of companies. It carried on the business of a general insurer in
Singapore and was registered under the Insurance Act (Cap 142, 2002 Rev Ed)
(“the Insurance Act”) until December 2009. Under the provisions of the
Insurance Act, an insurer is required to establish separate insurance funds
for each class of insurance business and to ensure that all assets, receipts,
liabilities and expenses are properly attributed to the relevant fund.
Pursuant to s 17(1) of the Insurance Act, the Respondent therefore established
the Singapore Insurance Fund (“SIF”) and the Offshore Insurance Fund (“OIF”)
in respect of its Singapore and overseas policies respectively. The Respondent
used the SIF to invest in [C] shares, and used the OIF to invest in [C], [D]
and [E] shares. In the years of assessment (“YA”) 1973, 1976, 1980–1981,
1984–1986, 1988 and 1995, the Respondent sold some of the Shares and reported
the gains as taxable income.

5 On 29 June 2001, a hitherto unrelated company, [F], made a general offer for
the shares of [C] at a consideration of $4.02 in cash and 0.52 [F] share for
each [C] share held (“the Takeover Offer”), which offer received the requisite
acceptances of [C’s] shareholders to become unconditional. In response to the
Takeover Offer, the Respondent sold to [F] its entire holding of [C] shares
amounting to 13,459,214 shares in exchange for $54,106,040 in cash and
6,998,791 [F] shares. The Respondent also sold, in 2002, its portfolio of [D]
and [E] shares in the OIF, amounting to 3,308,000 and 6,000 shares
respectively, in exchange for $16,669,280 in cash. The Respondent thereby made
gains of $89,246,800 from the sale of [C] shares, $7,934,100 from the sale of
[D] shares, and $1,452,480 from the sale of [E] shares. All in all, the Shares
amounted to some 36% of the total value of the SIF and the OIF.

6 The Appellant took the view that the gains made by the Respondent were
taxable and issued revised assessments for YA 2002 and YA 2003 to the
Respondent. On 15 April 2010, in response to the Respondent’s request for
amendment, the Appellant issued to the Respondent a Notice of Refusal to Amend
the Assessments for YA 2002 and YA 2003.

7 On 19 April 2010, the Respondent filed Notices of Appeal against the
Appellant’s revised assessments for both YA 2002 and YA 2003. By way of a
decision dated 20 June 2012 (“the Board Decision”), the Board allowed the
appeals. The Appellant then appealed against the Board Decision to the High
Court under s 81(2) of the ITA by way of Originating Summons No 681 of 2012
(“OS 681/2012”), which appeal was dismissed by the Judge in a decision dated 8
April 2013 (“the Judgment”). On 7 May 2013, the Appellant filed a Notice of
Appeal against the decision of the Judge.

Summary of Pleadings

8 In OS 681/2012, the Appellant appealed on the grounds that:

(a) The Board erred in law when it did not take into account the extensive
case law indicating that the gains or profits of an insurance company from the
sale of its investments are revenue in nature and hence taxable;

(b) The Board erred in law in that it did not treat the gains or profits from
the sale of share investments by the Respondent as being taxable under s 26 of
the ITA;

(c) The Board erred in fact and law in that it did not recognise that the
Shares were the trading stock (rather than the capital) of the Respondent,
taking into account:

(i) The manner in which the Shares were previously held for the purposes of
the insurance business of the Respondent; and

(ii) The fact that the Respondent had previously, of its own accord, brought
to tax the gains from the sale of the same counters of share investments.

(d) The Board erred in fact and law when it held that the gains or profits
derived by the Respondent from the sale of the Shares were capital in nature
and not taxable.

Decision below

9 Before the Board and the Judge, the Appellant advanced two separate
arguments:

(a) That the profits made were profits falling with s 10(1)(_a_) of the ITA as
“income … in respect of gains or profits from any trade [or] business”; and

(b) That the profits were, in any event or inferentially, to be brought to
assessment by the terms of ss 26(3) and 26(4) of the ITA.

10 The separate argument referred to above at [9(b)] is no longer being
pursued. The sole issue on appeal is therefore whether the gains derived from
the disposal of the Shares were “income … in respect of gains or profits from
any trade [or] business”.

11 The Board held, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) Profits from the sale of investments by insurance companies (other than
life insurance companies) were not automatically liable to tax under ss 26(3)
and (4) of the ITA;

(b) The real question was whether the Respondent’s gains from the sale of the
Shares amounted to trading or business profits, which would then be taxable
under s 10(1)(_a_), or whether they were in the nature of capital gains and
hence not exigible to tax;

(c) The Respondent had not engaged in any trade or business in the transaction
of the Shares and the profits from the sale of the Shares ought to be treated
as capital gains. Specifically:

(i) The Shares were held for the long-term strategic purpose of preserving the
corporate structure of the [C] Group;

(ii) The Shares were held for a long time and this supported the argument that
the Shares were acquired for a long-term strategic purpose;

(iii) The Shares were not previously sold by the Respondent to meet its
offshore claim liabilities;

(iv) Those of the Shares which the Respondent sold were sold to other
companies within the [C] Group, which further reinforced the corporate
preservation policy; and

(v) As [E] was not a listed company, the case in relation to the gains and
profits derived by the Respondent from the sale of the [E] shares being
capital gains was even stronger.

The Board came to its conclusion after examining the facts and evidence
available, including the oral testimonies of the Respondent’s two witnesses.

12 The Judge affirmed the Board’s findings of fact. In particular, the Judge
examined the present facts with reference to the so-called “badges of trade”
in order to determine if the gains from the sale of the Shares were income in
respect of gains or profits from the Respondent’s trade or business:

(a) In relation to the _motive of the taxpayer_ , the Judge found that the
Respondent’s intention in holding the Shares was to promote the long-term
strategic interests of itself and the [C] Group. This was manifested in
various ways:

(i) There were cross-holdings of shares and cross-directorships between the
companies within the [C] Group;

(ii) The corporate preservation strategy of the [C] Group also involved the
holding of shares of companies in the group by [QR], a company controlled by
the founder of [C] and his family;

(iii) The regular reports and updates on the status of cross-holdings of
various companies in the [C] Group and [QR] were generated to enable the
Senior Management of [C] to monitor and ensure that the shareholding of the
companies in the [C] Group was not diluted and that effective control was
maintained to minimise the possibility of a hostile takeover;

(iv) Any decision to sell any shares or rights in the companies within the [C]
Group was closely scrutinised and reviewed. Specifically, the Respondent was
not allowed to sell any of its shares or rights in the companies within the
[C] Group without the requisite approval from [C];

(v) The Shares were passively held by the Respondent and were not managed by
the Respondent’s fund manager; and

(vi) The Shares of [E], a non-listed company, were not readily realisable.
Therefore, the Board was correct in finding that there was a strong case for
the view that the gains arising from the disposal of at least the [E] shares
were of a capital nature.

(b) In relation to the _duration of ownership_ , the Judge found that,
consistent with the [C] Group’s corporate preservation strategy, the
Respondent acquired the Shares and held onto them for a long period of up to
thirty years. The intention to hold the Shares for a long period of time was
an indication that the investment was of a capital nature;

(c) In relation to the _frequency or number of similar transactions_ , the
Judge found that, consistent with the corporate preservation strategy of the
[C] Group, there were few disposals of the Shares by the Respondent throughout
the long period of holding. (No [D] and [E] shares were disposed of during the
entire period before 2002, and there were only nine disposals of the [C]
shares over a span of 30 years); and

(d) In relation to the _circumstances surrounding the realisation_ , the Judge
found that there was no necessity for the Respondent to liquidate the Shares
to meet claims and liabilities of its insurance business as it had sufficient
cash reserves.

For the above reasons, the Judge found that the Shares were capital assets and
not revenue assets, and that the gains from their sale were therefore not
taxable as income. The Judge rejected the Appellant’s arguments in relation to
the fact that the Shares were held in statutorily mandated insurance funds and
the fact that they were taken into consideration when calculating the solvency
margin of the said insurance funds. The Judge also rejected the Appellant’s
arguments in relation to ss 26(3) and 26(4) of the ITA, which the Appellant
has since abandoned on appeal to this court.

Appellant’s Case/Respondent’s Case

13 The Appellant’s core argument in the present appeal relates largely to s 17
of the Insurance Act which requires an insurance company to maintain an
insurance fund or funds relevant to its particular liabilities. It runs as
follows:

(a) The requirement in s 17 of the Insurance Act is a recognition of the
nature of the insurance business, _viz_ , that of obtaining present receipts
in the form of premiums by underwriting future risks and using the premiums so
obtained to defray the cost of those future liabilities.

(b) Section 17 contains a requirement that the moneys obtained by means of
premiums must be retained in a fund to meet liabilities underwritten by the
contracts obtaining those premiums so that the assets of the particular
business and its parts are identified. Those assets could only arguably cease
to be part of the insurance business if they were determined to be surplus to
such requirements with the consequence that, upon satisfying the regulatory
requirements, such surplus might be transferred out of the insurance fund into
the shareholders’ fund. Absent any such transfer, any realisation of assets
which had been purchased with the premiums obtained would give rise to a
profit or loss over cost which is part of the taxable insurance business.
Since the Shares were never taken out of the insurance funds, they remained a
part (and a substantial part) of the assets of the insurance business.

(c) Many of the cases relied on by the Judge and the Board in their respective
decisions were decided at a time prior to the application of the more detailed
regulations or in circumstances where the relevant law did not require the
assets of the insurance fund to be identified and separately held.

For the above reasons, the Appellant submits that the gains arising from the
realisation of the Shares are profits of the Respondent’s business and
therefore liable to be taxed.

14 The Respondent argues that the Appellant’s contention is unsustainable, for
the following reasons:

(a) The Insurance Act is irrelevant to the present appeal because:

(i) Assets which are acquired with the receipts of income would not
necessarily be of a revenue nature;

(ii) The purpose of the Insurance Act is not to govern the taxation of
insurance companies but to regulate the insurance business;

(iii) The insurance fund is merely part of the regulatory framework for
insurance companies and cannot determine the income tax treatment of insurance
companies. The purpose of the regulatory framework is to protect policyholders
and to this end, the regulatory framework requires assets to be held in the
name of the respective insurance funds. The classification of assets,
receipts, liabilities and expenses is common to all companies, not just
insurance companies. The regulatory framework does not prevent an insurance
company from holding capital assets in the same way as any other company. In
addition, the capital assets of a company do not become revenue assets just
because they could potentially be applied to meet the company’s liabilities,
in a situation of liquidation or otherwise;

(iv) The Appellant has failed to provide any legal basis to substantiate the
supposed relationship between the Insurance Act and the ITA;

(v) The irrelevance of the insurance fund is particularly evident when
considering the fact that the ITA actually pre-dated the Insurance Act;

(vi) The Appellant’s allusion to a distinction between the insurance fund and
shareholders’ fund is misleading when there may be no material difference in
tax treatment by the Appellant since gains arising from the shareholders’ fund
could be taxed as well. The insurance fund can and should only be taxed
according to the ordinary concepts of income and capital; and

(vii) The Appellant’s reliance on the solvency requirements prescribed by the
Insurance Act is misplaced. The solvency requirement is merely another
regulatory measure to ensure that the interests of policyholders are
adequately protected. The taxability of companies cannot be determined by
regulatory measures which are prescribed for the protection of their
customers.

(b) It is well established in common law that insurance companies, like any
other companies, can hold shares as capital assets.

(c) The totality of the evidence indicates that the Shares were capital
assets. The “badges of trade” approach adopted by the Judge provided a useful
and structured framework for reviewing all the facts and evidence in totality
and in coming to this conclusion.

15 We shall address each of these arguments in turn, following a close
examination of the applicable law. In our view, whilst the approaches taken in
other jurisdictions are of considerable assistance, the question must
ultimately be resolved on the basis of first principles and the established
rules of revenue law as applied to the specific facts of the instant appeal.

The applicable law

16 The ITA is intended “to impose a tax upon incomes and to regulate the
collection thereof”.[note: 1] The charging provision is s 10(1) of the ITA
which provides:

**Charge of income tax**

**10**.—(1) Income tax shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be
payable at the rate or rates specified hereinafter for each year of assessment
upon the income of any person accruing in or derived from Singapore or
received in Singapore from outside Singapore in respect of —

(_a_) **_gains or profits from any trade, business_** , profession or
vocation, for whatever period of time such trade, business, profession or
vocation may have been carried on or exercised;

(_b_) gains or profits from any employment;

…

(_g_) any gains or profits of an income nature not falling within any of the
preceding paragraphs.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

17 Whilst the concept of “income” is not defined anywhere in the ITA, it is
clear that “gains or profits” in ss 10(1)(_a_) and 10(1)(_b_) refer only to
gains or profits of an income nature. This is also reflected in the wording of
s 10(1)(_g_), which taxes “gains or profits of an income nature” not included
in the preceding paragraphs of s 10(1). There is no capital gains tax in
Singapore; capital gains are not taxable _even if_ the capital gains arise
from the carrying on of a trade, business, profession or vocation (_The Law
and Practice of Singapore Income Tax_ , vol I (Pok Soy Yoong, Ng Keat Seng &
Steven Timms eds) (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) (“ _The Law and Practice of
Singapore Income Tax_ ”) at para 6.15). By way of an example, capital gains
from the sale of machinery or equipment used in a trade or business are not
taxable although a balancing charge is applied to recoup depreciation
allowances previously given.

18 In determining the scope of income tax, it is therefore necessary to draw a
distinction between taxable income and non-taxable capital gains. However,
this distinction is often ambiguous in marginal cases such as those where
investment activities are central to the enterprise concerned. The appropriate
approach in such situations was considered by the Lord Justice Clerk in the
seminal case of _Californian Copper Syndicate (Limited and Reduced) v Harris
(Surveyor of Taxes)_ (1904) 5 TC 159 (“ _Californian Copper Syndicate_ ”) at
165 to 166:

It is quite a well settled principle in dealing with questions of assessment
of Income Tax, that where the owner of an ordinary investment chooses to
realise it, and obtains a greater price for it than he originally acquired it
at, the enhanced price is not profit … assessable to Income Tax. But it is
equally well established that enhanced values obtained from realisation or
conversion of securities may be so assessable, where what is done is not
merely a realisation or change of investment, but an act done in what is truly
the carrying on, or carrying out, of a business. The simplest case is that of
a person or association of persons buying and selling lands or securities
speculatively, in order to make gain, dealing in such investments as a
business, and thereby seeking to make profits. There are many companies which
in their very inception are formed for such a purpose, and in these cases it
is not doubtful that, where they make a gain by a realisation, the gain they
make is liable to be assessed for Income Tax.

19 The Lord Justice Clerk then went on to articulate the time-honoured test to
be applied in such cases (at 166):

What is the line which separates the two classes of cases may be difficult to
define, and each case must be considered according to its facts; the question
to be determined being— _Is the sum of gain that has been made a mere
enhancement of value by realising a security, or is it a gain_** _made in an
operation of business in carrying out a scheme for profit-making_** _?_
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The Appellant submits, and we agree, that the relevant question to be asked in
such cases is simple, _viz_ , whether the gain in question is a mere
enhancement of value by realising a security or whether it was made in an
operation of business in carrying out a scheme for profit-making. On our
reading of the case, it is not enough that the gain arose in the operation of
business; it must also have arisen pursuant to the carrying out of a scheme
for _profit-making_. Put another way, the distinction is between the profit
that arises when property has been committed to a business as part of its
stock in trade and is then realised in the course of trading operations and
the gain that arises from a realisation of property not so committed. The
former is taxable income, the latter not.

20 In the context of the insurance industry, it is trite that an integral part
of the insurance business is to channel its premium receipts and capital into
productive activities such as investments in equities, securities and
properties which would generate investment income to meet its liabilities
arising from claims by policy holders. As the investment of an insurer’s funds
is generally part of the business of the insurer, any investment _income_
(_eg_ , in the form of interest or dividends) derived from within or without
Singapore constitutes its taxable business income. Likewise, the gains or
profits derived from the _disposal of investments_ by the insurer in the
course of its business activities are generally subject to income tax. This
general (and, indeed, pragmatic) proposition has been recognised by courts in
various jurisdictions.

21 One of the earliest authorities for this general proposition is a Scottish
case, _Northern Assurance Co v Russell_ (1889) 2 TC 551, where the surpluses
derived by an insurance company from realising investments in the course of
its business were held to be part of its profits. There, it was stated in
broad terms (at 578) that “[w]here the gain is made by the Company … by
realising an investment at a larger price than was paid for it, the difference
is to be reckoned among the profits and gains of the Company”. Unfortunately,
in our view, this sweeping and unqualified statement is of somewhat limited
assistance due to the brevity of the aforementioned judgment and its lack of
reasoned analysis.

22 A more detailed examination of the nature of the insurance business and its
general consequential treatment for taxation purposes is found in the judgment
of Hamilton J in _The Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company v
Bennett (Surveyor of Taxes)_ (1913) 6 TC 327 (“ _The Liverpool and London and
Globe Insurance_ ”), where it was stated (at 357) that:

… The private individual may have property entirely independent of his trade,
although part of his assets, no doubt, in case of his insolvency, and it is
intelligible to say that his trade does not extend to or touch his private
property. I do not think that that is true of the Insurance Companies. The
private individual may save to provide for his old age or for his family, he
has leisure to enjoy, he has ambitions to gratify, and his existence, in fact,
can be separated into his trading and his private life. Nothing of the kind
can be done with an Insurance Company. Subject to the scope of the Memorandum
and Articles … they are a trading company and a trading company only. …

There is another point with regard to the Insurance Company. It embarks its
funds in its business simply by having money ready to pay its debts with. We
are not here concerned with manufactories or the maintenance of a stock which
is to be sold. _The business of insurance consists in making promises to pay,
by way of indemnity_ , in futuro _and contingent sums in consideration of
present payments of money, and the whole business therefore, apart from the
wisdom and prudence with which it is conducted, consists in being ready to
meet the liabilities if they accrue, and to the extent to which they accrue,
out of one class of funds or another. Consequently the money is embarked in
the business as soon as it is money which belongs to and is available to the
Insurance Company._ If they have paid it away in the shape of dividends, it is
no longer available, but all of their assets substantially are only possessed
for the purpose of meeting the contingencies of losses on the policies if they
should fall in. I am speaking of fire insurance only as an illustration, but I
do not think that either indemnity business or, for this purpose, life
business differs, although of course the calculation of risks and the mode of
carrying out the transaction are enormously different.

[emphasis added]

It was decided then that where an English company carrying on insurance
business both locally and abroad invested sums of money abroad, and the
interest on those sums was not remitted (it being then the law that foreign
income was charged only to the extent that the foreign income was remitted
back to England), such interest nevertheless formed part of the taxable income
of the company assessable under the Income Tax Act 1842, s 100, Schedule D,
Case 1.

23 The decision was affirmed on appeal to the English Court of Appeal and the
House of Lords. In the words of Lord Mersey (at 379 and 380):

… It is well known that in the course of carrying on an insurance business
large sums of money derived from premiums collected and from other sources
accumulate in the hands of the insurers, and that one of the most important
parts of the profits of the business is derived from the temporary investment
of these moneys. These temporary investments are also required for the
formation of the reserve fund, a fund created to attract customers and to
serve as a standby in the event of sudden claims being made upon the insurers
in respect of losses. It is, according to my view, impossible to say that such
investments do not form part of this Company’s insurance business, or that the
returns flowing from them do not form part of its profits. In a commercial
sense the directors of the Company owe a duty to their shareholders and to
their customers to make such investments, and to receive and distribute in the
ordinary course of business, whether in the form of dividends, or in payment
of losses, or in the formation of reserves, the moneys collected from them. …

24 Similar sentiments were expressed by the High Court of Australia in
_Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society Limited v Federal Commissioner of
Taxation_ (1946) 73 CLR 604 (“ _Colonial Mutual Life Assurance_ ”) at 619–620:

But an insurance company, whether a mutual insurance company or not, is
undoubtedly carrying on an insurance business and the investment of its funds
is as much a part of that business as the collection of the premiums _._ The
purpose of investing the funds of the appellant is to obtain the most
effective yield of income. The diminution or increase in the capital value of
the investment between the date of purchase and that of maturity, and the
apportionment and deduction or addition over the intervening period of that
diminution from or increase to the interest actually payable on the investment
is a material ingredient in the ascertainment of this yield. In _Konstam, Law
of Income Tax_ , 8th ed. (1940), p. 126, it is stated that “the buying and
selling of investments is a necessity of insurance business; and _where an
insurance company in the course of its trade realizes an investment at a
larger price than what was paid for it, the difference is to be reckoned among
its profits_ ; conversely, any loss is to be deducted.” … [emphasis added]

Likewise, in the Hong Kong case of _Commissioner of Inland Revenue v Sincere
Insurance and Investment Co Ltd_ [1973] HKCU 47 (“ _Sincere Insurance_ ”), it
was observed that “where the person making the gain is an insurance company
that fact alone makes it the _more likely_ that the gain arises in the
carrying on, or carrying out of business” [emphasis added].

25 In our judgment, whilst the above articulations of general principle
provide a practical and even compelling approach in relation to the majority
of such cases, these statements cannot be read to stand for any absolute or
immutable principle of _law_. On the contrary, the question whether certain
investment gains are properly attributable to the revenue or capital account
is ultimately a question of _fact_. Courts have frequently cautioned that the
word “income” in the context of the income-capital dichotomy is not a term of
art and that, in the absence of statutory provision to the contrary, whether a
receipt is “income” must be determined in accordance with the ordinary
concepts and usages of mankind: _Scott v Commissioner of Taxation (New South
Wales)_ (1935) 35 SR (NSW) 215 at 219\. In a similar vein, the court in
_Colonial Mutual Life Assurance_ observed that (at 615):

The crucial question is whether the net profit … _is a profit arising from the
carrying on or carrying out of a profit-making scheme_ , and if it is not
whether this net profit is income _according to ordinary usages and concepts_.
As Lord Parker said in _Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Co v Bennett_
, (1913) AC 610 at p 622, “This question ought, in my opinion, to be
determined on ordinary business principles, _having regard to the
circumstances under which, and the purposes for which, the investments were
made and are held by the appellant company.”_ [emphasis added]

26 Indeed, the language of most of the decisions indicate that the
aforementioned proposition (_viz_ , that gains or profits derived from the
disposal of investments by insurers are generally taxable as revenue) is more
in the way of a _general_ _rule_ or _presumption of fact_ drawn from
circumstantial evidence. In _GRE Insurance Ltd v FC of T_ 92 ATC 4089 (“ _GRE
Insurance_ ”), for example, the Full Federal Court of Australia made it clear
(at 4093) that “profits from the realisation of investments of an insurance
company … are _not invariably_ taken into account” [emphasis added]. In
_Colonial Mutual Life Assurance_ (at 618), the court was of the view that
“profits and losses on the realization of investments of the funds of an
insurance company should _usually_ be taken into account in the determination
of the profits and gains of the business” [emphasis added]. The relevant
tribunal is therefore not discharged from its role as fact-finder solely by
virtue of the fact that the taxpayer is engaged in the business of insurance
or something similar. However, the particular features of the insurance
business would generally give rise to the _factual_ inference that the gains
concerned arose in an “operation of business in carrying out a scheme for
profit-making” (see [19] above) unless there is cogent evidence to the
contrary.

27 In particular, we would emphasise that the statements expressed in the
above cases should not be read in isolation and must be examined in the
context of their specific facts. In _Californian Copper Syndicate_ (at 166 and
167), _Employers’ Mutual Indemnity Association Ltd v Federal Commissioner of
Taxation_ 91 ATC 4850 (at 4854, 4856 and 4857) and _GRE Insurance_ (at 4094
and 4095), the courts consistently stated that the facts of each case must be
closely examined and, indeed, reached their decisions based on their findings
of fact. It is also apposite to note that none of the above cases bears any
factual similarity to the appeal at hand, where it was accepted (by both the
Board and the Judge below) that the Shares were acquired, held and disposed of
for long-term strategic reasons. In the circumstances, caution must be
exercised not to extend any broad and generalised statements in the above
cases beyond the actual _ratio decidendi_ of those cases.

28 For instance, the facts of _Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance_
(cited above at [22]) did _not_ in fact involve the taxation of gains from the
sale of investments, but instead concerned interest and dividend receipts from
investments abroad (_ie_ , investment _income_). There was no question but
that the interest and dividend receipts were income. What was in issue was
whether they were exigible to tax notwithstanding that they had not been
remitted back to England. In the result, they were held to form part of
taxable income of the company in the carrying on of its insurance business.

29 In _Colonial Mutual Life Assurance_ (conveniently summarised by the court
in _Sincere Insurance_), the appellant, a mutual life assurance company, was
guided in its investments by actuarial estimations which indicated that, to
meet its liabilities under insurance policies, it had to obtain a certain
effective yield on its investments. The interest yield was the governing
factor influencing the company’s policy and it held its securities as
investments rather than for the purpose of constantly seeking profits from
realising them. In the relevant tax year the amount realised by it in the sale
of securities exceeded the cost to it of those securities and the amount of
the excess was regarded as assessable income. It was in this context that the
court stated that (at 619–620):

But an insurance company, whether a mutual insurance company or not, is
undoubtedly carrying on an insurance business and the investment of its funds
is as much a part of that business as the collection of the premiums. _The
purpose of investing the funds of the appellant is to obtain the most
effective yield of income. The diminution or increase in the capital value of
the investment between the date of purchase and that of maturity, and the
apportionment and deduction or addition over the intervening period of that
diminution from or increase to the interest actually payable on the investment
is a material ingredient in the ascertainment of this yield._ … The
acquisition of an investment with a view to producing the most effective
interest yield is an acquisition with a view to producing a yield of a
composite character, the effective yield comprising the actual interest less
any diminution or plus any increase in the capital value of the securities.
Such an acquisition and subsequent realization is a normal step in carrying on
the insurance business, or in other words _an act done in what is truly the
carrying on of the business of the [company]_. [emphasis added]

It is clear that the decision in _Colonial Mutual Life Assurance_ took place
squarely within the framework of a _profit-making_ scheme (whether through the
optimisation of interest yields or the fortuitous “switching” of securities).

30 Similarly, in _London Australia Investment Co Ltd v The Commissioner of
Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia_ (1977) 138 CLR 106, the High Court
of Australia found that an _investment_ company that had systematically sold
shares at a profit in order to increase its dividend yield was earning taxable
income from the sale of shares. The court stated (at 116–117) that:

In the present case the taxpayer naturally placed considerable reliance on the
finding that the shares were not bought for the purpose of selling them at a
profit. That is indeed an important circumstance. It was then submitted that
the shares were acquired on the capital account of the company, for the
purpose of adding to its profit-making structure, as the means of producing
dividend income, rather than as part of the profit-earning activities within
that structure … If that submission were correct, the fact that the shares
were realized in a methodical and enterprising way, so as to secure the best
results for the taxpayer, would not convert the proceeds of realization into
income. But the question whether the shares were acquired on the capital
account of the taxpayer can only be answered by applying the tests indicated
by [_Californian Copper Syndicate_]. Helsham J. found that during the three
years in question it was an integral part of the taxpayer’s business to deal
in shares, in the sense that switching of investments was desirable to produce
the best dividend returns and was indeed necessary if the taxpayer’s policy of
investing in shares with growth potential was to be adhered to. In my opinion
it is impossible to controvert that finding; it was clearly right. _Although
the company’s business was to invest in shares with the primary purpose of
obtaining income by way of dividends, the conduct of the investment business
required that the share portfolio should be given regular consideration, and
that shares should frequently be sold when the dividend yield dropped, which
for practical purposes usually meant when the shares went up in value. The
taxpayer systematically sold its shares at a profit for the purpose of
increasing the dividend yield of its investments. The sale of the shares was a
normal operation in the course of carrying on the business of investing for
profit._ It was not a mere realization or change of investment. [emphasis
added]

31 This is largely consonant with the general approach taken in respect of
banks and similar financial institutions. In _Punjab Co-operative Bank
Limited, Amritsar v Commissioner of Income-Tax, Lahore_ [1940] AC 1055, the
Privy Council observed as follows (at 1072–1073):

In the ordinary case of a bank, the business consists in its essence of
dealing with money and credit. Numerous depositors place their money with the
bank, often receiving a small rate of interest on it. A number of borrowers
receive loans of a large part of these deposited funds, at somewhat higher
rates of interest. But the banker has always to keep enough cash or easily
realizable securities to meet any probable demand by the depositors. No doubt
there will generally be loans to persons of undoubted solvency which can
quickly be called in, but it may be very undesirable to use this second line
of defence. _If, as in the present case, some of the securities are realized
in order to meet withdrawals by depositors, it seems to their Lordships to be
quite clear that this is a normal step in carrying on the banking business or,
in other words, that it is an act done in “what is truly the carrying on” of
the banking business._ [emphasis added]

Notwithstanding this, however, the Privy Council in _Waylee Investment Ltd v
The Commissioner of Inland Revenue_ [1991] 1 HKLR 237 (“ _Waylee Investment_
”) took pains to emphasise that a bank, like any other trader, _could_ in
certain circumstances hold investments as capital assets. The taxpayer bank
subscribed for shares in one of its customers at a time when the customer was
facing financial difficulties. The bank subscribed for more than 20% of the
issued capital of the customer which was a very large trading concern. Being
anxious to ensure that the general public did not misconstrue the investment
as indicating that the bank itself intended to enter into the field of general
trading, it publicly announced that its acquisition was “a sizable investment
of venture capital” and the chairman of the bank affirmed that its intention
was to “substantially reduce its shareholding as soon as conditions permit”.
The shares were realised over a period of some six years. The initial sales
were in response to an unsolicited offer. The taxpayer was assessed to tax on
the profits from those sales on the basis that it was trading in shares.

32 The Board of Review allowed the bank’s appeal against the assessment on the
ground that it was not trading. The High Court upheld the Board of Review’s
decision. On Revenue’s appeal however, the Court of Appeal reversed the High
Court’s decision. It did so in reliance, _inter alia_ , on the bank’s earlier
public statement that it intended to reduce its holding in the customer as
soon as conditions permitted. In the opinion of the Court of Appeal, the
acquisition of the shares was an adventure in the nature of trade. Allowing
the bank’s appeal, the Privy Council held (at 242–243):

… _The stock in trade of a bank is money and securities readily convertible to
money._ But it is equally clear that _a bank, like any other trader, may hold
investments as capital assets._ The clearest indication that an investment was
acquired as a capital asset would be an indication that the bank intended to
hold the investment as such for an indefinite period. The clearest indication
that an investment was acquired as trading stock would be an indication that
it was held by the bank as available to meet the demands of depositors
whenever necessary. But the indications to show which category a particular
investment belongs may be uncertain, inconclusive or even conflicting.
[emphasis added]

It then held that since it was clear that the bank never intended that the
relevant shares acquired by the bank should be held as part of the bank’s
circulating assets, the Court of Appeal was not entitled to reverse the
finding by the Board of Review that those shares were acquired as capital
assets.

33 Two New Zealand authorities, _Commissioner of Inland Revenue v National
Insurance Company of New Zealand Ltd_ (1999) 19 NZTC 15,135 (“National
Insurance Company”) and _State Insurance Office v Commissioner of Inland
Revenue_ [1990] 2 NZLR 444 (“ _State Insurance Office_ ”), both relating to
insurance companies, were extensively relied on by the Judge below for the
proposition that, notwithstanding the general presumption with regards
insurance companies, the gains or losses arising from the disposal of
investments by an insurer may _in some instances_ be capital in nature and
therefore not subject to income tax. This was not disputed by the Appellant
below, who instead argued that the present case could not be characterised as
exceptional in the above sense.

34 Nevertheless, on appeal, the Appellant now contends that the decisions of
the New Zealand courts have very little relevance to the present enquiry or
should not apply at all. First, the Appellant alleges that due to differences
between our legislation and the New Zealand legislation, the New Zealand cases
are not necessarily applicable to the interpretation of the words of s 10(1)
of the ITA. It is not clear how the differences in the legislation assist the
Appellant’s case. In our view, the New Zealand legislation, if anything, is
broader than our local tax legislation. Section 65(2)(_a_) of the New Zealand
Income Tax Act 1976 (“the New Zealand Act”) taxed “all profits or gains
derived from any business”, which is very similar to s 10(1)(_a_) of the ITA
which taxes “gains or profits from any trade [or] business”. Section
65(2)(_e_) of the New Zealand Act _additionally_ taxed:

_All profits or gains derived from the sale or other disposition of any
personal property_ or any interest therein … if the business of the taxpayer
comprises dealing in such property, or _if the property was acquired for the
purpose of selling or otherwise disposing of it_ , and all profits or gains
derived from the carrying on or carrying out of any undertaking or scheme
entered into or devised for the purpose of making a profit: [emphasis added]

In our view, the New Zealand cases, which are based on similar (if not
broader) charging provisions, are therefore directly relevant to the present
appeal.

35 The Appellant’s second contention is that the two New Zealand authorities
were determined at a time when New Zealand did not require the maintenance of
insurance funds for insurance companies as has been required in Singapore
since 1966. The relevance of the insurance fund (or lack thereof) will be
discussed later in this judgment (at [41]–[49]). Notwithstanding the
legislatively mandated insurance funds, it is clear that the revenue or
capital nature of investments gains is an issue to be determined in accordance
with ordinary principles on the basis of all the facts and evidence in each
case.

36 In _National Insurance Company_ , the taxpayer was an insurance company
with a 30% shareholding in a private merchant bank. The remaining 70% of
shares were held by the National Bank of New Zealand (“the National Bank”). As
a significant minority shareholder, the taxpayer had two directors
representing it on the board of the merchant bank. The taxpayer sold its
shares to the National Bank and realised a profit of $67m on the sale. The
Court of Appeal of New Zealand gave judgment for the taxpayer, holding that
the shares were capital assets.

37 The court found in that case that there was a weak nexus between the
realisation of the shares and the carrying on of the insurance business. In
particular, the taxpayer had sufficient cash reserves such that the sale of
its strategic investments was never in contemplation as a means of meeting
claims or maintaining profitability. Moreover, the taxpayer did not acquire
the shares for the purposes of trading, but with the aim of diversifying its
investment. The shares were acquired with an intention to be held long-term,
evidenced in part by the fact that the shares were treated differently from
the taxpayer’s portfolio shares which were traded. Finally, the court also
considered the fact that the shares were eventually sold only because of
extenuating circumstances.

38 The court concluded that the shares were part of the capital structure of
the taxpayer’s business and, as such, their disposal gave rise to capital
gains (at 15,146):

… _In the end, this was the making of a value judgment based on the totality
of the evidence_. There were features of the … transaction distinguishing it
from the general run of investments inherent in the nature of the company’s
insurance business which we think allowed a conclusion that it was, albeit an
investment, a move into another area of business which then, for supervening
reasons, it became commercially desirable to terminate. By the time of
disposition the shareholding could be seen as part of the capital structure of
a company’s business. [emphasis added]

39 A similar issue arose in _State Insurance Office_ , where the issue before
the New Zealand High Court was whether gains arising from the sale of shares
by the taxpayer (which was a fire and general insurer) pursuant to a takeover
or merger were properly characterised as capital gains or revenue. In deciding
that the gains were of a capital nature, the court placed great emphasis on
the fact that claims submitted to the taxpayer could easily be met from its
cash flow and cash reserves without the need to liquidate any of its shares to
meet the claims and liabilities. The court took into consideration the lack of
intention on the shareholders’ part to trade in the shares and the fact that
the shares were sold pursuant to a compulsory acquisition. Pertinently, the
New Zealand High Court held (at 476):

… Whilst there is a nexus between the income generated by the shares and the
operation of the business … _there is no nexus between the realisations which
occurred here and the method of operation of the business_. [emphasis added]

The shares therefore were “not in their character revenue assets in the sense
that their realisation is inherent in or incidental to the carrying on of the
business”. They had become “structural assets”.

40 In our view, the relevant enquiry to be undertaken in cases involving the
taxation of investment gains by insurance (or similar) companies may be
summarised as follows:

(a) The crucial question is whether the gain in question is a mere enhancement
of value by realising a security or whether it was made in an operation of
business in carrying out a scheme for profit-making.

(b) This is ultimately a question of _fact_ to be determined according to
ordinary concepts having regard particularly to the circumstances under which,
and the purposes for which, the investments were acquired and held by the
taxpayer.

(c) However, as a matter of practicality, the nature of insurance (or similar)
businesses would ordinarily give rise to an inference that the gains concerned
arose in the course of trade or in the operation of business in carrying out a
scheme for profit-making (unless, of course, there is cogent evidence that the
investments were acquired and held as capital assets).

It is on this basis that we now go on to examine the Appellant’s central
argument on appeal _vide_ the regulatory regime established by the Insurance
Act.

Relevance of the Insurance Act

41 The Appellant’s argument on appeal largely relies on s 17 of the Insurance
Act. Section 17(1) of the Insurance Act provides for the establishment by an
insurer of separate insurance funds for each class of its insurance business,
whilst s 17(4) stipulates what must be paid into an insurance fund and the
restrictions on what an insurance fund may be used for:

**Establishment of insurance funds and allocation of surplus**

**17.** —(1) Every licensed insurer shall establish and maintain a separate
insurance fund —

(_a_) for each class of insurance business carried on by the insurer that
relates to Singapore policies; and

(_b_) for each class of insurance business carried on by the insurer that
relates to offshore policies.

…

(4) There shall be paid into an insurance fund all receipts of the insurer
properly attributable to the business to which the fund relates (including the
income of the fund), and the assets comprised in the fund shall be applicable
only to meet such part of the insurer’s liabilities and expenses as is
properly so attributable.

42 The Appellant’s primary argument on appeal is that the Shares were
attributable to the Respondent’s insurance business as the shares were
acquired, by applying the proceeds of premiums received, in the course of the
insurance business and were at all times in its insurance funds. As such, the
Appellant alleges that the gains realised in the disposal of the Shares were
taxable as income.

43 At the outset, it is to be noted that the Appellant’s position on the
appeal, elevating the Insurance Act as the cornerstone of its case, diverges
greatly from the case it advanced before the High Court, where the Insurance
Act was acknowledged not to be the “main thrust” of the Appellant’s arguments.
Before the Board and the High Court, the Appellant had accepted that
notwithstanding the general presumption with regard to investment gains by
insurers, there might be exceptional instances where disposals of investments
by insurance companies would give rise to capital gains (although the
Appellant submitted that this case was not exceptional on the facts). However,
the main contention of the Appellant on appeal now appears to be that gains
arising from _all_ assets (even fixed assets) held in insurance funds would
invariably be assessable income. On such an argument, it would presumably be
inappropriate for the relevant tribunal to consider all the other
circumstances of the case (such as the circumstances of the acquisition and
the realisation of the asset) in coming to its determination.

44 The Appellant’s argument is clearly flawed. The regulatory requirement for
the establishment and maintenance of insurance funds cannot without more
restrict an insurance company from holding capital assets in its insurance
funds. Assets which are acquired with the receipts of income would not
invariably be of a revenue nature, and the relevant enquiry (set out above at
[40]) must be applied at each stage.

45 The Respondent rightly notes that the purpose of the Insurance Act is for
the regulation and not the taxation of the insurance industry. The insurance
fund is merely part of the regulatory framework for insurance companies and
cannot be determinative of their tax treatment. The imposition of tax is
solely within the purview of Parliament through the enactment of clear tax
legislation which is to be interpreted by the court or relevant tribunal using
principles developed incrementally by case law. The fact that certain gains
are attributable to investments held in statutorily mandated insurance funds
cannot _automatically_ divest the relevant tribunal of its proper role in
deciding whether, in all the circumstances of the case, the gains are properly
attributable to the revenue or capital account. Otherwise, any regulatory body
would theoretically be able to determine the taxation of companies. This runs
counter to the fact that regulatory frameworks are often shaped by intricate
policy considerations which may have little or nothing to do with tax.

46 Moreover, the distinction between the insurance fund and the shareholders’
fund, whilst relevant, cannot be _determinative_ of the tax treatment of
particular assets or investments. Clearly, gains arising from the
shareholders’ fund could be taxed as income as well. In our judgment,
insurance companies (whether holding assets in the insurance fund or
shareholders’ fund) should only be taxed according to the ordinary principles
of revenue law, albeit the holding of an asset in a particular fund may be a
relevant _factor_ in ascertaining whether the investment was intended to be
held as a capital asset.

47 It is trite that capital assets do not become revenue assets just because
they could _potentially_ be applied to meet the company’s liabilities, in a
situation of liquidation or otherwise. In _State Insurance Office_ (at 451),
the New Zealand High Court held:

… [The Company] is in the business of insurance, and it is something of a
contradiction on the other hand to advocate that it will never have its
reserves called upon, and therefore they assume the character of capital
detached from the business of insurance, and on the other say that it is
necessary for a company to obtain commercial credibility to have such reserves
in the event that a calamity does occur. But I think between the two positions
the true situation is that normal requirements are met without recourse to
investments including shares, and they are truly categorised as fixed capital
as opposed to circulating capital. As with all undertakings, fixed capital is
not beyond the reach of creditors …

It _cannot_ be said that merely because the Shares were held in state-mandated
insurance funds and could, in exceptional circumstances, be realised to meet
the company’s liabilities, the gains attributable to them are invariably
revenue as opposed to capital gains.

48 The Appellant has also sought to rely on the solvency requirements
prescribed by the Insurance Act to argue that the Shares, which were used to
meet the aforesaid solvency requirements, formed part of the Respondent’s
insurance business. In our view, such arguments are unpersuasive and run the
risk of being unduly technical. These solvency requirements are merely
regulatory measures introduced to ensure that the interests of policy holders
are adequately protected. As mentioned above (at [45]), the taxation of
financially regulated companies such as insurance companies, banks and finance
companies cannot be determined solely by regulatory measures which are
prescribed for a whole gamut of policy reasons which may have little or
nothing at all to do with taxation.

49 For the abovementioned reasons, we are of the view that the Insurance Act
is _not_ determinative of the central issue in the present appeal, _viz_ ,
whether, in light of the totality of the evidence, the gains attributable to
the Shares arose in the operation of the Respondent’s insurance business in
carrying out a scheme for profit-making.

Application of the relevant legal principles to the facts

50 Taking into account the totality of the evidence before the Board and the
Judge, which is largely undisputed by the Appellant, we are of the view that
the Shares were capital assets and the gains attributable to them were
therefore not liable to tax. In coming to the same conclusion, the Judge
considered the following factors (which included the “badges of trade”) and
weighed them in balance:

(a) Motive of the taxpayer;

(b) Duration of ownership;

(c) Multiplicity of disposal of the Shares;

(d) Finances;

(e) Findings by an earlier Board;

(f) Earlier tax treatment;

(g) Placement of the Shares in insurance funds; and

(h) The consideration of the Shares in calculating the solvency margin of the
Respondent’s insurance funds.

51 It is pertinent that, on appeal, the Appellant does not contest the
_primary findings of fact_ reached by the Judge (and indeed, the Board) in
relation to the above factors. The Appellant only disputes the _inference of
fact_ reached by the Judge in concluding that, in light of the above factors,
the Shares were capital assets.

Motive of the taxpayer

52 As noted above (at [12(a)]), the Respondent did not acquire the Shares with
an intention to trade in them. Instead, the Respondent’s intention in holding
the Shares was to promote the long-term strategic interests of itself and the
[C] Group. This was evidenced by the numerous cross-holdings of shares and
cross-directorships between companies within the [C] Group. Regular updates on
the status of cross-holdings of companies in the [C] Group and [QR] were
generated to the senior management of [C]. Any decision to sell any shares or
rights in the companies within the [C] Group was closely scrutinised and
reviewed by the Investment Committee of the [C] Group to ensure that the
appropriate level of shareholding and effective control was maintained. The
Respondent was not allowed to sell any of its shares and rights in relation to
companies within the [C] Group without the requisite approval from [C]. The
Shares were also treated differently and segregated from shares that were
readily traded by the Respondent.

53 The above facts were uncontested by the Appellant who, indeed, appears to
concede that the Shares were held as part of a corporate preservation strategy
as opposed to for the purposes of trade. For example, at [11] of its Skeletal
Arguments, the Appellant states that “it is tempting to be seduced by the fact
that the Shares were held for a long period of time … and were held as part of
the ‘corporate preservation strategy of the [C] Group’”. Instead, the
Appellant appears to argue that the Shares were part of the Respondent’s
insurance operations _notwithstanding_ the particular motive for the
acquisition.

54 We have difficulty accepting this submission. The motive of the Respondent
in acquiring and holding the Shares is relevant (indeed, highly relevant) to
the enquiry. As observed by Lord Parker in _Liverpool and London and Globe_
(at 380), the central question in such cases ought to be determined on
ordinary business principles “having regard to the circumstances under which,
and the purposes for which, the investments were made and are held by the …
company”.

55 It is clear to us that the presumption of fact in relation to the taxation
of investment gains of insurance companies (_ie_ , that they are usually
taxable) is predicated on what was viewed to be the intention and purpose
behind the acquisition and holding of such investments by most insurance
companies, _viz_ , for the purposes of trade and profit generation. However,
the natural and logical corollary of this is that where there is convincing
evidence that the predominant motivation of acquiring the investment is
different (_eg_ , strategic) this would also be relevant in evaluating whether
the gains were in fact capital gains as opposed to income.

56 In these circumstances, the factual finding that the Shares were acquired
and held as part of a group corporate preservation strategy (which finding
went unchallenged by the Appellant on appeal) gives rise to a very strong
inference that they were capital assets.

Duration of ownership

57 As noted above (at [12(b)], the Shares were held for a long period of time.
The [C] shares, [D] shares and [E] shares were accumulated over a period of 30
years, 20 years and 27 years respectively. This is in line with the
Respondent’s stated intention of holding the Shares for an indefinite period
pursuant to its corporate preservation strategy and weighs heavily in the
balance of the Shares being found to be capital assets of the Respondent. As
noted in _Waylee Investment_ (cited above at [31]) in the context of banks and
financial institutions, “the clearest indication that an investment was
acquired as a capital asset would be an indication that the [company] intended
to hold the investment as such for an indefinite period.”

Multiplicity of similar transactions

58 Consistent with the stated corporate preservation strategy, there were few
disposals of the Shares by the Respondent throughout its relatively long
period of holding. Evidence was adduced by the Respondent that no [D] shares
and [E] shares were disposed before the Takeover by [F] in 2002. There were
only nine disposals of [C] shares over a span of 30 years, and these were
mostly to other companies within the [C] Group. Moreover, during the period
from YA 1983 to YA 1991 (during which there were disposals of [C] shares), the
percentage of [C] shares held by the [C] Group remained relatively constant
and ranged between 21.28% and 22.78%. Again, the Appellant did not seriously
attempt to challenge these primary findings on appeal.

Finances

59 Evidence was adduced by the Respondent to show that the Respondent did not
need to and did not in fact liquidate the Shares to meet its liabilities in
the insurance business. From YA 1973 to YA 2003, the Respondent’s net cash
flow was positive from a year-to-year basis. For certain years of assessment,
such as YA 1985 and YA 1986, where the offshore claims were higher than the
premiums collected, the Respondent would draw upon cash reserves in its
offshore fund as well as upon dividend and interest income to meet the cash
outflow requirements arising from the offshore claims. Alternatively, the
Respondent would transfer moneys from the accumulated profits of its onshore
fund to its shareholders’ fund, and then transfer moneys from the
shareholders’ fund to the offshore fund to pay the offshore claims. As the
Judge and the Board noted, there was no necessity for the Respondent to sell
the [C] shares to meet its offshore claims and the Respondent did not in fact
do so.

60 As such, the Judge rightly found that, similar to the situation in
_National Insurance Company_ and _State Insurance Office_ , there was a weak
nexus between the sale of the Shares and the carrying on of the Respondent’s
insurance business. To borrow the words of Heron J in _State Insurance Office_
, the Judge found that the Shares were not in their character revenue assets
in the sense of their realisation being inherent in or incidental to the
carrying on of the Respondent’s insurance business. Instead, the Shares were
“structural” or capital assets.

Other factors

61 The Judge also considered certain findings made by an earlier Board and the
earlier tax treatment of certain shares sold by the Respondent of the same
counters. These factors were rightly found to be unpersuasive or at most
neutral by the Judge.

The insurance fund

62 For the reasons set out above (at [43]–[49]), the statutorily mandated
insurance funds and solvency requirements are not determinative of whether an
investment is a capital asset for the purposes of income tax. Insurance
companies (whether holding assets in the insurance fund or shareholders’ fund)
can and should only be taxed according to the ordinary principles of revenue
law. Whilst the holding of an asset in a particular fund can be a relevant
factor in ascertaining whether the investment is _intended_ to be held as a
capital asset, the Judge (and the Board) had found (and the Appellant does not
dispute) that the Shares were held pursuant to the Respondent’s corporate
preservation strategy. In these premises, the relevant regulatory framework is
insufficient to offset the very strong inference that the Shares were intended
to be (and were in fact) held as capital assets.

Conclusion

63 In conclusion, all factors indicated that the Shares were acquired and held
to safeguard the long-term strategic interests of the [C] Group and, indeed,
the Shares were eventually realised pursuant to the takeover of [C]. At that
point, there was no longer any reason for the Respondent to retain the Shares.
For the above reasons, we were satisfied on the totality of the evidence that
the Board was well entitled to find that the Shares were in fact capital
assets, the gains attributable to which were not taxable under the ITA. It
follows that the Judge did not err in affirming the determination of the
Board. We therefore dismiss the appeal with costs and the usual consequential
orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Recital to the ITA

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

