Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lam Hwa Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd _v_ Yang Qiang  
[2014] SGCA 3

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 73 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Niru Pillai and Priya Dharshini Pillay (Global Law
Alliance LLC) for the appellant; N Srinivasan and Belinder Kaur Nijar (Hoh Law
Corporation) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lam Hwa Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd — Yang Qiang  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 2 SLR 524.]

14 January 2014|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 By the time this case reached us, it had been through three earlier tiers of
hearing. The only issue that had fallen for determination before each of the
three courts that had heard the matter before we did was whether travel
expenses amounting to $1,208 were properly claimable by the respondent as
disbursements. There was nothing remarkable about these expenses. The
respondent, a foreign national who had been working in Singapore, had suffered
a workplace injury as a result of which he could not remain here. He had been
repatriated but brought a claim in respect of his injury. He was made to
pursue his claim against his employer to the very doorstep of the courthouse
by which time he had returned to Singapore, among other things, to present
himself before the court and to give evidence. The case was settled on the
first day of the trial with the appellant agreeing to pay 80% of the
respondent’s claim plus costs and disbursements. This was hardly the hallmark
of sensible litigation strategy but those who are being sued are entitled to
time their surrender. It struck us as odd however, that having done this, the
appellant would then make an issue out of the respondent’s claim for $1,208 in
respect of his travel costs and see it fit to pursue this all the way to this
court.

2 It was held by the taxing registrar at first instance that such expenses
were not claimable. This decision was reversed by the District Judge (“DJ”)
upon the respondent’s appeal. The appellant pursued the matter to the High
Court which dismissed the appeal and affirmed the DJ’s decision that the
travel expenses were claimable. Not content, the appellant sought and obtained
leave to pursue a further appeal to us.

3 In the appeal before us, the issue was dressed up as a novel point of law on
costs. This was misconceived. Notwithstanding the many authorities that were
tendered by the appellant, we dismissed the appeal, finding it wholly
unmeritorious for the reasons that we set out below. But we found the conduct
of this case troubling at several levels. Aside from the utter lack of merit
in the appeal, there had evidently been a complete failure to consider the
element of proportionality having regard to the sum at issue. The appellant’s
counsel, Mr Niru Pillai (“Mr Pillai”), suggested that this was a point of wide
interest to his real clients, namely the appellant’s insurers. We were not
told who the insurers were; but we were not aware of any controversy raging in
the insurance industry over this issue. We were also troubled because the
respondent, who was to receive a sum by way of damages to compensate him for
his injury, had to use a part of that to pay his own lawyers in order to
resist the appellant’s challenge. It seems to us that it was only the lawyers
who stood to benefit from this. In all the circumstances, we thought it
appropriate and timely to take this opportunity to make some observations on
the professional and ethical responsibilities of an advocate and solicitor to
avoid running up unnecessary costs.

Background facts

4 The facts were straightforward and the essence has already been stated. The
respondent, a Chinese foreign worker employed by the appellant, was injured in
the course of his work in July 2010. He commenced an action against the
appellant in February 2011 seeking compensation. In the meantime, as the
respondent was unable to work and maintain his Singapore work pass, he
returned to China. Some time in July 2011, he flew back to Singapore for the
purpose of attending and giving evidence at the trial. On 25 July 2011, which
was the very first day of the trial, the parties reached a settlement. The
appellant agreed to bear 80% liability. Final judgment was entered against the
appellant for damages of $75,000, and costs and disbursements to be agreed or
taxed.

5 The parties later agreed on the costs due to the respondent but they were
unable to agree on the disbursements. As we have noted, the appellant took
issue with the respondent’s claim for travel expenses of $1,208. Out of this,
a sum of $1,113 was for the respondent’s return air tickets for travel between
Shanghai and Singapore and the remainder of $95 was for land transport
expenses incurred in China to travel to and from the airport. The appellant
did not dispute that the itemised amounts were reasonable. The appellant’s
case was that it was not obliged to pay these expenses _as a matter of legal
principle_. The respondent eventually filed an application for the taxation of
the disbursements.

The decisions below

First instance decision

6 The Deputy Registrar of the Subordinate Courts heard the taxation and held
that the travel expenses were not claimable. He awarded $1,000 by way of costs
of the taxation. No written grounds were issued and so we remain in the dark
as to the Deputy Registrar’s reasons. Dissatisfied, the respondent appealed to
the District Court.

Second instance decision

7 The DJ allowed the respondent’s appeal. In his decision, _Yang Qiang v Lam
Hwa Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd_ [2012] SGDC 31 (“the GD”), he considered
the following passage from _Rajabali Jumabhoy and others v Ameerali R Jumabhoy
and others_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 576 (“ _Jumabhoy_ ”) at [5], which had been the
primary authority relied on by the appellant for the proposition that a
litigant is not entitled to the costs in respect of its own attendance:

Although SIS was not represented by counsel before us at the hearing, it is a
party to the appeal, and it has through its solicitors at the material time
filed its case. It should be entitled to the costs of the appeal, although**
_it should not be entitled to any costs for attendance before us._** We
therefore order the appellants to pay to SIS the costs of the appeal, and
direct that on taxation of costs there should be allowed only the costs
relating to the issue of constructive trust and that no costs should be
allowed for attendance before us. [emphasis added in bold italics]

The DJ drew a distinction between _travelling to attend court in Singapore_
and _attendance in court_ and concluded that _Jumabhoy_ did not preclude the
former (see the GD at [17]–[18]).

8 The DJ also considered and distinguished two other cases relied on by the
appellant. He explained that in his previous unreported decision in DC
3227/2008, he had disallowed the plaintiff’s claim for his air fare from
Australia to Singapore because the plaintiff was a Singaporean and there was
no indication that he was permanently residing in Australia (see the GD at
[30]–[31]). He also rejected the appellant’s reliance on _The London Scottish
Benefit Society v Chorley, Crawford and Chester_ (1884) 13 QBD 872 (“ _London
Scottish_ ”), as that case involved the issue of whether a lawyer acting in
person should be compensated in respect of his own time spent on the matter as
if he had engaged a lawyer (see the GD at [32]).

9 The DJ then turned to the ordinary taxation principles under O 59 r 27(2) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). He held that the
travel expenses were reasonably incurred (see the GD at [25]). He further
noted that was no dispute as to the reasonableness of the amount claimed (see
the GD at [26]). The DJ thus concluded that the travel expenses sought by the
respondent were claimable. He accordingly allowed the appeal but ordered that
each party bear its own costs.

10 Dissatisfied with the DJ’s decision, the appellant sought and obtained
leave to appeal to the High Court. No order as to costs was made in respect of
this leave application.

Third instance decision

11 The High Court Judge (“the Judge”) dismissed the appellant’s appeal. Her
decision is reported at _Lam Hwa Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd v Yang Qiang_
[2013] 2 SLR 524 (“the Judgment”).

12 The first ground advanced by the appellant before the Judge was that the
combined effect of O 35 r 1 and O 38 r 22 of the ROC precluded a litigant but
not a witness from recovering travel expenses. These two provisions read as
follows:

**Failure to appear by both parties or one of them (O. 35, r. 1)**

**1.** —(1) If, when the trial of an action is called on, neither party
appears, the Judge may dismiss the action or make any other order as he thinks
fit.

(2) If, when the trial of an action is called on, one party does not appear,
the Judge may proceed with the trial of the action or any counterclaim in the
absence of that party, or may without trial give judgment or dismiss the
action, or make any other order as he thinks fit.

**Tender of expenses (O. 38, r. 22)**

**22**. A witness shall not be compelled to attend on a subpoena unless a
reasonable sum to cover his expenses of going to, remaining at, and returning
from, Court is extended to him.

The appellant submitted that a litigant who does not attend court runs the
risk that his action (or defence) may be dismissed entirely pursuant to O 35 r
1. On this basis, it was submitted that a litigant has an obligation to attend
court and any travel expenses incurred simply to meet this obligation should
not be recoverable. The appellant also submitted that whereas a witness is
entitled to be paid reasonable costs for his court attendance (on the basis of
O 38 r 22), a litigant has no similar entitlement.

13 The Judge rejected these arguments. She held, contrary to the appellant's
submissions, that O 35 r 1 of the ROC did not make it mandatory for a litigant
to attend court in person because he could always instruct counsel to appear
on his behalf (see the Judgment at [19]). Even if O 35 r 1 did compel a
litigant-in-person to appear in court, it just did not follow that his travel
expenses would therefore not be recoverable (see the Judgment at [20]).
Furthermore, O 38 r 22 merely stipulated the rights and duties of a witness as
against the litigant who had subpoenaed him to attend court; it was not a
provision that had any bearing on the question of the entitlement of the
parties to a matter that was being litigated to claim disbursements against
one another (see the Judgment at [20]).

14 The second ground advanced by the appellant was that based on the case law,
there is ostensibly no right for a litigant to claim travel expenses. The
Judge rejected this and agreed with the DJ’s interpretation of _Jumabhoy_ (see
[7] above) and found that there was no general prohibition in Singapore law
against the recovery of a litigant's travel expenses as “costs reasonably
incurred” under O 59 r 27(2) of the ROC (see the Judgment at [22]–[25]). The
Judge further surveyed the authorities in England, Australia and Canada and
concluded that the law in these jurisdictions allowed a litigant to recover
travel expenses which were necessarily incurred to attend court _as a witness_
(see the Judgment at [31], [34], [37] and [45]).

15 The Judge held that since the respondent’s sole reason for incurring the
travel expenses in issue was to attend the trial as a key witness, he should
be entitled to recover them. Accordingly, she dismissed the appeal and awarded
costs of the appeal to the respondent on the standard basis to be taxed unless
otherwise agreed.

16 Dissatisfied with the Judge’s decision, the appellant sought and obtained
leave to further appeal to us. The Judge made no order as to costs in respect
of the leave application.

The parties’ cases on appeal before us

17 Before us, the appellant contended, in the main, that:

(a) the travel expenses of a litigant _qua_ a litigant are not recoverable as
a matter of principle pursuant to the rule purportedly laid down in _London
Scottish_ ;

(b) no distinction should be drawn between the capacity of the litigant as a
party and as a witness. Such travel expenses are therefore not recoverable
whether or not the litigant is also going to appear as a witness; and

(c) where a plaintiff partially succeeds in his claim, justice and
considerations of proportionality require that as a general rule, only a
corresponding proportion of his disbursements should be recoverable.

18 In response, the respondent submitted that:

(a) the travel expenses of a litigant are recoverable in principle because the
rule in _London Scottish_ has no application;

(b) there is case law support for the proposition that the travel expenses of
a litigant _qua_ a witness are recoverable; and

(c) the overriding consideration for claims for disbursements is that of
reasonableness, not proportionality.

Our decision on the merits of the appeal

19 We were surprised that Mr Pillai placed at the forefront of his argument
the 19th century case of _London Scottish_. We would have thought it obvious
that the first port of call should have been O 59 of the ROC as the key piece
of subsidiary legislation governing all matters of civil procedure, including
(and especially) costs. This seems trite, and in our judgment, Mr Pillai’s
case started off on the wrong footing.

20 A few preliminaries bear restating, even at the risk of being pedantic. The
general rule under O 59 r 2(2) of the ROC is that costs (defined in O 59 r
1(1) as also including disbursements) are “in the discretion of the Court, and
the Court shall have full power to determine by whom and to what extent the
costs are to be paid”. However, the court’s discretion is not unfettered.
Order 59 r 27(2) provides that where taxation of party and party costs is on
the standard basis (as in the present case), “there shall be allowed a
_reasonable amount_ in respect of all costs _reasonably incurred_ ” [emphasis
added]. In 2010, the Rules of Court (Amendment No 3) Rules 2010 (S 504/2010)
(“the 2010 Amendments”) came into effect, thereby amending para 1(2) of
Appendix 1 of O 59 to now read as follows:

**Amount of costs**

**1.** —(1) The amount of costs to be allowed shall (subject to any order of
the Court) be in the discretion of the Registrar.

…

(2) In exercising his discretion the Registrar shall have regard to
**_the_**** __principle of proportionality__** and all the relevant
circumstances and, in particular** _, to the following matters_** :

(_a_) the complexity of the item or of the cause or matter in which it arises
and the difficulty or novelty of the questions involved;

(_b_) the skill, specialised knowledge and responsibility required of, and the
time and labour expended by, the solicitor;

(_c_) the number and importance of the documents (however brief) prepared or
perused;

(_d_) the place and circumstances in which the business involved is
transacted;

(_e_) the urgency and importance of the cause or matter to the client; and

(_f_) where money or property is involved, its amount or value.

[amendment reflected in bold italics, emphasis added in underline]

21 In _Lin Jian Wei and another v Lim Eng Hock Peter_ [2011] 3 SLR 1052 (“
_Lin Jian Wei_ ”), this court undertook a careful analysis of O 59 r 27(2) and
para 1(2) of Appendix 1 as amended by the 2010 Amendments. We concluded there
that “in assessing whether costs incurred are reasonable, it needs to be shown
that the costs incurred were not just reasonable and necessary for the
disposal of the matter, but also, in the entire context of that matter,
proportionately incurred” (at [56]). We also took pains to clarify that
proportionality should be considered both on an item by item basis and on a
global basis (at [78]):

_The approach that should be adopted in taxation is that the Court should
first assess the relative complexity of the matter, the work supposedly done
against what was reasonably required in the prevailing circumstances, the
reasonableness and proportionality of the amounts claimed on an item by item
basis and thereafter, assess the proportionality of the resulting aggregate
costs. In this exercise, all the Appendix 1 considerations are relevant._ In
the general scheme of things, no single consideration ordinarily ought to take
precedence. In every matter, this calls for careful judgment by reference to
existing precedents and guidelines. A taxing officer should consider the
complexity of the issues of fact and law which arose in the matter against the
backdrop of the statements as to the amount of time spent by the solicitors
and also the seniority of the counsel involved in order to determine whether
the costs claimed for the amount of time spent is reasonable and
proportionate. … [emphasis added]

22 We note that _Lin Jian Wei_ was (one of the many cases) cited by Mr Pillai
in his submissions. However, it appears that several points arising from that
case were not picked up. If the legal framework in O 59 of the ROC as
interpreted in _Lin Jian Wei_ had been properly considered, it would have been
obvious that the matter was entirely straightforward. The respondent, injured
by the appellant’s tort, could not remain in Singapore. He _had_ to return to
China; and subsequently _had_ to return to Singapore for the trial where he
was both the plaintiff and a key witness. Moreover, it was the appellant that
had caused the proceedings to continue _until_ the very first day of the trial
when it decided to settle. This resulted in the obvious need for the
respondent to fly back to Singapore in anticipation of the trial which he had
every reason to think would be proceeded with. In all the circumstances, we
had absolutely no doubt that the travel expenses incurred by the respondent
were both reasonable and reasonably incurred. The quantum of these expenses
was proportionate when considered on an item by item basis as well as in the
aggregate. There was simply no reason at all why the travel expenses should
not be allowed under O 59 of the ROC.

23 Instead of focusing on the direct and, in our judgment, wholly
straightforward application of the relevant law to the present facts, the
courts that had to hear this matter before us appeared to have been side-
tracked by Mr Pillai’s reliance on _London Scottish_. Mr Pillai claimed that
the following extract from the judgment of Bowen LJ in that case laid down a
general principle of law precluding the recovery of a successful litigant’s
travel expenses (_London Scottish_ at 876–877):

… There is a passage in Lord Coke's Commentary, 2 Inst. 288, which it is worth
while to examine, as it affords a key to the true view of the law of costs.
That passage is as follows: “Here is express mention made but of the costs of
his writ,  _but it extendeth to all the legal cost of the suit, but not to the
costs and expenses of his_** _travel_** _and loss of time ..._ ” What does
Lord Coke mean by these words? His meaning seems to be that only legal costs
which the Court can measure are to be allowed, and that such legal costs are
to be treated as expenses necessarily arising from the litigation and
necessarily caused by the course which it takes. … [emphasis added in italics
and in bold italics]

24 Serious consideration might have been given to what relevance the 19th
century English case of _London Scottish_ , and the 17th century commentary of
Lord Coke, could possibly have to the law of Singapore in the 21st century in
relation to an issue governed by a legislative provision. Of course, old cases
are not necessarily bound to be irrelevant. Certain legal principles are
universal, and in that sense, perhaps also timeless. However, where the
subject-matter concerned is ultimately shaped by prevailing policy
considerations and societal conditions, archaic materials are often likely to
be irrelevant. This is especially so where there are statutory provisions to
address the very question.

25 In any case, had the selected portion of _London Scottish_ (reproduced at
[23] above) been carefully read against its contextual backdrop, it should
have been evident that the word “travel” in Bowen LJ’s citation of Lord Coke’s
commentary was very likely the result of a transcribing or recording error.
The issue in _London Scottish_ was whether a solicitor who successfully
defended an action in person was entitled to the same costs as he would have
been if he had employed a solicitor to represent him. Travel expenses were
_never_ in issue in the case. Furthermore, it made no sense to speak of
“travel and loss of time” in the same breath. Travel expenses, being out-of-
pocket expenses, are of a wholly different category from recovery for loss of
time.

26 That the word “travel” was probably meant in fact to be “trouble” should
have been apparent on a close and complete reading of _London Scottish_. In
that case, the plaintiff’s counsel had referred to Lord Coke’s commentary in
his argument. Notably, instead of “travel”, the word used was “trouble”
(_London Scottish_ at 872–873):

_Alfred Cock_ , for the plaintiffs. The first question is whether any practice
exists whereby solicitors, who are themselves parties to actions, are allowed
different costs from those allowed to an ordinary litigant. The text-books
shew that formerly, at least, the practice did not exist. The right to costs
was created by the Statute of Gloucester, 6 Edw 1, c 1, and _in commenting
upon this statute it is said in 2 Inst. 288, that the party to a suit is not
entitled to the costs and expenses of his_** _trouble_** _and loss of time_.
And it does not appear from Sayer’s Law of Costs, 2nd ed (1777) that at the
time of publishing that work any difference existed between an attorney and an
ordinary litigant. … [emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

27 In addition, Bowen LJ’s other comments, both before and after citing Lord
Coke’s commentary, further support the view that he had in mind the “trouble”
that a litigant takes to contest the case rather than the expenses of his
“travel”, the latter standing alone in a single reference without any other
context to support the conclusion that it, in fact, was the intended term
(_London Scottish_ at 876–877):

**_A great principle, which underlies the administration of the English law,
is that the courts are open to everyone, and that no complaint can be
entertained of_** **__trouble__** **_and anxiety caused by an action begun
maliciously and without reasonable or probable cause; but as a guard and
protection against unjust litigation costs are rendered recoverable from an
unsuccessful opponent. Costs are the creation of statute. The first enactment
is the Statute of Gloucester, 6 Edw. 1, c. 1 , which gave the costs of the
“writ purchased.”_** There is a passage in Lord Coke's Commentary, 2 Inst.
288, which it is worth while to examine, as it affords a key to the true view
of the law of costs. That passage is as follows: 'Here is express mention made
but of the costs of his writ, but it extendeth to all the legal cost of the
suit, but not to the costs and expenses of his **__travel__** and loss of
time, and therefore "costages" cometh of the verb "conster," and that again of
the verb "constare," for these "costages" must "constare" to the court to be
legal costs and expenses.' What does Lord Coke mean by these words? His
meaning seems to be that only legal costs which the Court can measure are to
be allowed, and that such legal costs are to be treated as expenses
necessarily arising from the litigation and necessarily caused by the course
which it takes. **_Professional skill and labour are recognised and can be
measured by the law; private expenditure of labour and_**** __trouble__****
_by a layman cannot be measured._** … [emphasis added in bold italics and in
underline]

28 It should thus have been evident from this contextual analysis of _London
Scottish_ that it _could not_ fairly be advanced in support of the proposition
that Mr Pillai was contending for; much less support the labour, expense and
trouble involved in an appeal to this court where the subject-matter involved
a sum of $1,208. If nothing else, our observations contained in the last three
paragraphs might have the salutary effect of reminding lawyers of the dangers
of relying on selective quotations from a case taken out of their context.

29 Even if there was some precedent where the recovery of a successful
litigant’s travel expenses had been disallowed, we cannot imagine any basis at
all for contending that any such decision (which would have been decided on
its facts) could stand for a normative principle of law of general
application. In this regard, but for the misplaced reliance on _London
Scottish_ , it would have been clear to the Judge that the search across
various jurisdictions for a general principle (see the Judgment at [26]–[45])
was unnecessary to resolve what, in essence, was a fact-specific inquiry
before her. Aside from this, as it had not been established that the costs
frameworks applicable in these other jurisdictions are _in pari materia_ with
our own framework, the weight to be placed on those authorities would in any
case, necessarily, have been limited.

30 Before leaving this issue, we make a brief observation on Mr Pillai’s
submissions to the extent these rested on the dictum in _Jumabhoy_ (cited at
[7] above). This again seems to us to have arisen from a non-contextual and
selective reading of that passage. The court had declined to award costs for
attendance in that case, not on the basis of any general principle but rather,
because the solicitors for the party in question, though they had filed a case
on its behalf, it being a party to the appeal, had not in fact attended the
actual hearing. Hence in relation to the order for costs that _was_ made in
its favour, it was expressly stated that it would _exclude_ any costs for
attendance for the simple reason that there had been no attendance by the
solicitors in that case. That has nothing at all to do with the issue raised
by the appellant here.

31 We turn to the appellant’s last argument before us. This, in a nutshell,
was that where a plaintiff partially succeeds in his claim, justice and
considerations of proportionality require that as a general rule, only a
corresponding proportion of his disbursements should be recoverable. We found
this a complete non-starter. The final judgment entered into _with the
parties’ consent_ expressly stated that the appellant was to pay the
respondent the latter’s costs and disbursements to be agreed or taxed. It did
not then lie in the appellant’s mouth to argue that it should only be liable
to pay 80% of the respondent’s costs and disbursements just because it had
accepted 80% liability.

32 We observe that the manner in which Mr Pillai ran this argument in his
written submissions reflected an extremely strained approach to the concept of
proportionality. By his submissions, he was effectively inviting the court to
disregard the entire costs framework and substitute that with a precise
percentage to be extracted by reference to the proportion of the final
assessed liability to the amount claimed in each case. This was clearly _not_
the intent of the 2010 Amendments. As was noted in _Lin Jian Wei_ at [43], the
introduction of the express proportionality rule did not fundamentally alter
the approach to the assessment of costs. It merely functioned as a reminder of
and a pointer to the importance of proportionality. And although
proportionality is not defined under the ROC, it is clear that it does not
envisage an _exact_ ratio or apportionment. What the concept of
proportionality is really concerned with is that the litigation is conducted
“in a manner which _bears some correlation_ to the amount or nature of the
claim” [emphasis added] (_Lin Jian Wei_ at [43]). Even in the UK, the concept
of proportionality is expressed in r 44.3(5) of the English Civil Procedure
Rules 1998 (SI 1998/3132) (UK) in terms of the costs bearing “a _reasonable_
relationship” [emphasis added] to the sum in issue in the proceedings, among
other things.

33 The issue of costs is fundamentally a matter of assessment based on the
entire myriad of relevant facts and circumstances. It is not, and can never
be, a precise science. To lay down a general rule that costs _must_ be
mathematically and precisely pegged to the final apportionment of liability,
would fail to ensure justice in each case. It is for this reason that the
legal framework in O 59 of the ROC as interpreted by this court in _Lin Jian
Wei_ requires due consideration to be given to _all_ the relevant facts and
circumstances.

34 It is evident that there was absolutely no merit in the appeal and we
therefore dismissed it. We now set out some observations about the manner in
which this case was conducted.

Our observations on the conduct of this case

35 What was at stake in this appeal was a modest sum of $1,208 in
disbursements. There was no dispute as to the reasonableness of the sum either
in regard to the cost actually incurred for travel or in relation to the
overall size of the claim. Yet, the appellant pursued this matter to this
court, notwithstanding that full reasoned grounds had been given by the DJ and
the Judge. In so doing, it was the appellant that had incurred and caused the
respondent to incur costs _grossly_ out of proportion to the sum at stake.
There are three aspects to this which concerned us. First, on any basis, we
could not see how it could reasonably have been thought to be advisable to
pursue an appeal to this court given the amount at stake. Second, if the
appellant had reasonably felt that there might be a point of principle to
pursue, it was incumbent on it, in light of the disproportionate cost of
bringing any appeal, to closely and carefully review the merits in the light
of the two written judgments and the applicable authorities and be satisfied
that there was _considerable force_ in its position before filing and pursuing
the appeal with vigour to this court. Thirdly, the amount of material that was
advanced in the course of the appeal again had to be proportionate in the
light of what was at stake. We develop each of these points.

36 Even if it was genuinely thought that there might be some legal merit in
the appellant’s case, this did not displace Mr Pillai’s duty to conduct a
proper risk-benefit evaluation at each significant stage of the proceedings.
This important duty is enshrined in r 40 of the Legal Profession (Professional
Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R1, 2010 Rev Ed) (“PCR”), which expressly requires an
advocate and solicitor in appropriate cases to “evaluate with a client whether
the consequence of a matter justifies the expense or the risk involved”. This
rule was previously put under the spotlight in _Lock Han Chng Jonathan
(Jonathan Luo Hancheng) v Goh Jessiline_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 455 (“ _Jonathan
Lock_ ”) at [46]. In _Jonathan Lock_ , the amount in dispute, which was about
$60, escalated into a contest of wills between two solicitors, resulting in a
waste of judicial time and unnecessary expenditure in terms of court fees and
disbursements that exceeded $100,000 even before the hearing. We echo the
sentiments that were expressed in _Jonathan Lock_. In the event, we accepted
Mr Pillai’s assurance at the hearing that his “real” client, the insurer for
the appellant, had been duly advised of the appropriate considerations and had
nonetheless, with the benefit of such advice, instructed him to pursue the
matter at each stage. However, we sound a note of caution for future
reference: lawyers pursuing a similar course would be well-advised to have
their advice to their clients and their clients’ instructions properly
documented.

37 Even on the basis that Mr Pillai had undertaken the necessary evaluation
with his client, he should have been alive to the fact that taking the matter
further was likely to be incompatible with his _higher_ duty to the court as
an officer entrusted to assist it in the administration of justice. Having had
the benefit of the written grounds of the DJ and the Judge, and having regard
to the patently disproportionate cost of any appeal, it would have been
incumbent on any solicitor contemplating a further appeal to examine the issue
afresh and be reasonably and objectively satisfied that there were _very
strong grounds_ for an appeal and thus that the decision being appealed was
_clearly_ wrong so as to warrant proceeding further. Had the matter been
diligently and scrupulously reviewed, we are unable to see how it could have
been missed that the appeal was wholly unmeritorious for the reasons we have
earlier set out.

38 Aside from this, the appeal not only entailed substantial costs being
incurred by Mr Pillai’s client and the respondent, but also gave rise to
wastage of precious and limited judicial time and resources. Just in the
proceedings before us, Mr Pillai filed a 50-page Appellant’s Case, a two-
volume Bundle of Authorities (consisting of 31 case authorities) and a 13-page
set of Skeletal Arguments, _for what was an extremely straightforward matter_.
This struck us as the indiscriminate and ultimately ill-conceived use of a
sledgehammer to try to crack a nut. Paragraph 87(4A) of Part XI of the Supreme
Court Practice Directions provides that parties’ cases in civil appeals before
the Court of Appeal “shall not exceed 50 pages unless leave … is obtained”. We
would emphasise that this is an upper limit. It should not be taken as
justifying the use of the whole of the prescribed page limit in every case. To
do so _when the merits of the case plainly do not require it_ would not only
lead to unnecessary costs for the client, but would also be a breach of a
solicitor’s duty to the court. The same principles apply in relation to the
indiscriminate citing of case authorities.

39 Rule 55 of the PCR is apposite:

**Duty to Court**

**55.** An advocate and solicitor shall at all times —

…

(_b_) use his best endeavours to avoid unnecessary adjournments, _expense and
waste of the Court’s time_ ; and

(_c_) assist the Court in ensuring a _speedy and efficient trial_ and in
arriving at a just decision.

[emphasis added]

40 We were aware that the appellant had been granted leave by the respective
lower courts to appeal at each stage. This did little, in our judgment, to
mitigate the solicitor’s conduct in this case. The grant of leave to appeal by
a lower court merely provides the opportunity to pursue a matter further. It
does not displace the solicitor’s duty to undertake a proper assessment as to
proportionality under r 40 of the PCR (see [36] above). Neither does it
displace counsel’s duty to the administration of justice to see if it would
_really_ be in the overall interests of justice to proceed further (see
[37]–[38] above).

41 Finally, we note that in the leave application made to the High Court, Mr
Pillai had secured his client’s undertaking not to pursue costs against the
respondent if it succeeded in the appeal before us. This did not carry much
mitigating weight with us at all. The fact remained that the respondent would
still have to bear his own solicitor and client costs out of the settlement
sum that he received from the appellant and unless he was indemnified, he
would be out of pocket to some degree even if he succeeded. The respondent had
been unnecessarily put to a great deal of trouble and expense for an
unmeritorious appeal which should not have been brought. This is to say
nothing of the waste of finite judicial time and resources.

42 At the conclusion of the hearing, we invited Mr Pillai to consider how the
injustice suffered by the respondent could be addressed. Mr Pillai volunteered
that his law firm would bear the respondent’s costs of the present
proceedings, and the proceedings before the High Court, both on an indemnity
basis. We accordingly made those orders. Further, to the extent the appellant
had collected any sum from the respondent in respect of the Deputy Registrar’s
costs order (see [6] above) this is to be returned.

Conclusion

43 In the result, we dismissed the appeal. We ordered that the respondent’s
costs of the proceedings here and in the High Court be borne by Mr Pillai’s
law firm on an indemnity basis. This order as to costs covered not just the
substantive appeal heard by the High Court, but also the appellant’s
application for leave to appeal to us.

44 We conclude with a reminder to members of the legal profession of their
solemn duty to discharge their professional obligations to their clients and
to the court conscientiously.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

