Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Ah Sia _v_ Tiong Tuang Yeong and others  
[2014] SGHC 154

Case Number| :| Suit No 364 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 July 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ahmad Khalis bin Abdul Ghani and Muralli Rajaram (Straits
Law Practice LLC) for the plaintiff; Tan Chau Yee and Laila Jaffar (Harry
Elias Partnership LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Lim Ah Sia — Tiong Tuang Yeong and others  
  
31 July 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

1 The plaintiff, Lim Ah Sia (“Lim”), is a minority shareholder in the 3rd
defendant, VStars Business (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“the Company”). He brought
proceedings seeking relief under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev
Ed) on the ground that the affairs of the Company were conducted in a manner
oppressive or in disregard of his interest as a shareholder of the
Company.[note: 1] Further, he also sought a declaration that the 1st and 2nd
defendants, Tiong Tuang Yeong (“Tiong”) and Corrine Ng (“Corrine”), had acted
in breach of their duties as directors. Lastly, he also sought in the
alternative a declaration that it was just and equitable to wind up the
Company.[note: 2]

2 On 7 April 2014, I informed counsel that I found that there was oppression
and that the most appropriate remedy was a buyout of Lim’s shares. I then
directed that the parties work out the detailed structure of the buyout and to
return to me when it was ready. The parties indicated to me that they were
unable to agree on a buyout figure, and a separate hearing was fixed on 21
July 2014 to deal with the outstanding issues.

Facts

3 The Company was incorporated on 6 November 1996. Lim and Tiong were two of
the initial members of the company. The other two founding members were Han
Jong Kwang (“Han”) and Low Kin Wai (“Low”). Lim met Tiong sometime in 1993 or
1994, when they were both teaching computer training courses at Jing Tian
Computer Services Pte Ltd. Tiong had known Han for about 12 years at the time
of the Company’s incorporation.[note: 3] I will refer to Lim, Tiong, Han and
Low collectively as the “Initial Shareholders”. Each of the Initial
Shareholders had a 20% stake in the Company at the outset, except for Low, who
had a 40% shareholding. All of them were also the Company’s directors.[note:
4]

4 The Company was initially set up with the intention of entering into a joint
venture with a Hong Kong-based company. This led to the incorporation in 1997
of a joint venture company, Vanda Systems Integration Pte Ltd (“VSI”), which
employed all the Initial Shareholders, except Low.[note: 5] Unfortunately, the
joint venture broke down just two years later, in 1999.[note: 6] The Company’s
shareholding in VSI was purchased by the other party in the joint
venture.[note: 7]

Events after the collapse of the joint venture

5 Despite the fact that the original purpose of the Company no longer existed,
the Initial Shareholders decided to expand the Company’s own business. All of
the Initial Shareholders therefore went on to join the Company as employees.
Han and Tiong joined the Company as employees on 1 January 2000. Lim followed
on 1 February 2000 while Low joined as an employee two years later, on 1 March
2002.[note: 8]

6 Han left soon after because he was unable to put in more capital as required
by the other directors.[note: 9] He resigned from his employment in the
Company on 30 April 2000, although he remained as a shareholder and director
until 30 June 2000.[note: 10] Han sold his 20% shareholding to Lim and Tiong
equally for the net sum of $3,000, which was followed by a series of
adjustment top-ups by the remaining shareholders.[note: 11] After these
adjustments, Lim and Tiong had 33% shareholding each and Low had 34%.[note:
12]

7 A few years later, Low also resigned from his employment in the Company on
or about 31 January 2004, apparently because he was unable to financially
contribute to the Company.[note: 13] Low accepted the offer price of $1.20 per
share for his 34% shareholding and resigned as director in or around October
2004\. On 7 October 2004, he sold his shares to Lim, Tiong and two employees
of the Company, namely Corrine and Kong Chong Hin (“Kong”).[note: 14] After
the departures of Han and Low, the resulting share allocation of the Company
was as follows:[note: 15]

(a) |  Lim |  - |  45%  
---|---|---|---  
(b) |  Tiong |  - |  45%  
(c) |  Corrine |  - |  5%  
(d) |  Kong |  - |  5%  
  
  

8 Tiong and Corrine had assumed that Corrine and Kong would be appointed
directors after they became members in the Company.[note: 16] However, they
were not appointed as a result of Lim’s objections.[note: 17] Therefore Tiong
and Lim ended up as the only directors in the Company from 2004 to 29 May
2012.

The Additional Role and the restructuring of the Company

9 From around 1999, Lim also had the additional role of dealing with matters
relating to administrative, human resource and financial matters of the
Company (“the Additional Role”). This was a demanding job, and in April 2005,
Lim asked Tiong by email that the Additional Role be rotated.[note: 18] It was
subsequently agreed that Lim and Tiong would take turns every five years being
responsible for the Additional Role.[note: 19] This led to a disagreement as
to whether Tiong should be given additional remuneration for the Additional
Role, and whether Lim had been receiving additional income for the aforesaid
role. In the end, it was agreed that Tiong would not receive extra pay for his
new duties.[note: 20]

10 At around the same time, in May 2005, Tiong suggested to Lim that the
Company’s business operation be divided into two teams that each deal with the
company’s main lines of business, namely, software products and outsourcing
services. Lim agreed. Lim would head the outsourcing services division
(“Outsourcing Services”) and Tiong would head the software products division
(“Software Products”) as the business managers of their respective
teams.[note: 21]

11 Sometime in or about December 2005, Lim and Tiong verbally agreed on the
following:[note: 22]

(a) that 20% of the profit before tax from each division would be allocated to
that division, for the payment of sales commission and bonus to the employees
of that division; and

(b) that the balance 80% of the profit before tax would go to the Company’s
general funds.

12 It was common ground that the two divisions were largely autonomous. Tiong
and Lim were responsible for the business sales and technical support within
each division. Nevertheless, Tiong and Lim consulted each other on issues
relating to the management of the Company.[note: 23]

The termination of the Philips Contract

13 Everything was smooth sailing when both divisions were contributing to the
Company’s bottom line. This changed on 30 June 2011 when Philips Electronics
Singapore Pte Ltd (“Philips”) terminated its outsourcing contract with the
Company (“the Philips Contract”).[note: 24] At that point, the Philips
Contract was the main, if not the only, source of revenue for Outsourcing
Services.[note: 25] All staff employed to manage the Philips Contract were
subsequently let go.[note: 26] Software Products, meanwhile, remained
profitable.

14 Tiong blamed Lim for not finding other clients to reduce his division’s
dependence on Philips, especially when Philips had indicated in 2009 that the
contract was likely to be terminated.[note: 27] Lim, on the other hand,
claimed that he did his best under the circumstances but was unable to find
other clients, given the competitive market for outsourcing services which was
increasingly being dominated by larger multinational corporations.[note: 28]
Lim claimed that he had already done well to prolong the Philips Contract for
as long as he did.[note: 29]

15 On 28 September 2011, Tiong asked Lim for Lim’s business development plan
and whether there would be incoming revenue from October to December 2011. Lim
replied with a rather bare outline, and did not respond when Tiong returned
with further questions.[note: 30]

16 On 24 October 2011, Lim emailed Tiong to ask Tiong to hand over the
Additional Role to Lim as the agreed term of five years was over. In an email
on 14 November 2011, Tiong essentially declined to decide on the matter of the
Additional Role and instead asked Lim to justify his position as a business
manager, when his division was no longer generating any revenue.[note: 31]

17 Lim admitted that he was asking for his Additional Role to be returned to
him in order to enable him to continue contributing to the Company[note: 32]
while he continued his marketing efforts to find alternative sources of
revenue after the loss of the Philips Contract.[note: 33] Whether Lim was at
fault for failing to find other clients, or whether the Philips Contract could
have been further prolonged, was a commercial question on which I would not
express a view. However, it was clear that after the loss of the Philips
Contract, Lim was no longer pulling his weight financially. Tiong’s division,
on the other hand, was successful in expanding its business from one year to
the next.

18 At Lim’s request, a meeting of the Company’s board of directors was
convened on 14 November 2011. This was a meeting between Tiong and Lim, being
the Company’s only directors at the time. Corrine recorded the minutes and it
was clear from the minutes that Tiong had no intention of handing over the
Additional Role to Lim, on the basis that the Additional Role should have been
rotated 15 months before the board of directors meeting. Tiong also expressed
his view that Lim’s business plan was not viable, and mentioned that Lim’s own
salary and allowances cost more than the forecasted revenue of $27,590 till
end of December 2011.[note: 34]

19 On 23 November 2011, Tiong told Lim at the void deck of Tiong’s flat that
he no longer wished to have a business relationship with Lim. This was after
Lim informed him he could not come up with a better business plan by 25
November 2011.[note: 35]

The proposed share buyout

20 Soon after, Lim and Tiong agreed that Lim should exit the Company. After
some negotiations, the terms of a proposed share buyout were finalised at the
extraordinary general meeting on 6 December 2011. The terms of the agreement
reached (“the 6 December 2011 Agreement”) were as follows:[note: 36]

(a) The accumulated retained earnings up to financial year 2010 closing on 31
December 2010, which was $731,015, would be distributed in accordance with the
percentage of share ownership.

(b) The bonus/commission/director’s fees for 2011 would be paid in accordance
with the figures set out in a worksheet prepared by Tiong, which was in
accordance with past practice that had been agreed by Lim and Tiong.

(c) The profit for financial year 2011 (“the Retained Earnings”) would be
distributed after the audited financial statements for financial year ending
31 December 2011 (“FY 2011”) were made available before June 2012.

(d) One of the Company’s assets, the “Available for Sale Stamp Collection”
would be distributed in proportion to the share ownership as at 31 December
2011.

(e) The director’s fees for FY 2011 would be fixed at $10,000 per director.

(f) Lim would sell his shareholding to Tiong at $1 per share (this would
amount to $45,000 since Lim held 45,000 shares) upon the distribution of the
Retained Earnings.

(g) After the sale of his shares to Tiong, Lim would resign as a director of
the Company.

(h) Lim’s last day of service as business manager would be on 5 January 2012\.
In this regard, the employment termination letter for Lim’s employment was
served on Lim at the end of the EGM.

21 On 21 December 2011, Lim received $328,956.75 as his share of a
distribution of dividends of $731,015, being the Company’s retained earnings
for FY2010, pursuant to sub-para (a) above.[note: 37] Lim’s employment was
also terminated with effect 5 January 2012, pursuant to sub-para (h)
above.[note: 38]

The Deferred Income issue

22 In March 2012, Lim reviewed the draft financial statements for FY 2011
(which had been prepared by the auditor on the instructions of Tiong and
Corrine) and noticed that there was a major departure from past practice in
computing the profit before tax. Instead of using the full earned sales
revenue for FY 2011 to calculate the Retained Earnings, a certain sum of the
Company’s sales revenue was classified as “deferred income” (“the Deferred
Income”) instead.[note: 39] There was no deferred income component in the
past.[note: 40]

23 The implication of this change in accounting was apparent. This would
decrease the potential dividend to be paid out as part of the distribution of
Retained Earnings under the 6 December 2011 Agreement. Unsurprisingly, Lim did
not see why the accounts were prepared in this way and sought to ensure that
the deferred income component was not a cent more than it would have to be.

24 The Deferred Income was initially assessed to be $427,038, but after
discussions with the Company’s auditor, Lim eventually managed to reduce the
Deferred Income figure to $396,312.[note: 41] Ultimately, without the Deferred
Income, the Retained Earnings amounted to $123,939.[note: 42] If one added the
Deferred Income to the Retained Earnings, the total profit up for distribution
would have been $520,251 instead.

25 The defendants accepted that the change to the Company’s accounting
practice (which was allegedly initiated by Corrine[note: 43]) took place
_because_ of the 6 December 2011 Agreement.[note: 44] Only the _motive_ was in
issue. The defendants’ position was that the decision to exclude the Deferred
Income was to “facilitate” the term of the 6 December 2011 Agreement that
related to the distribution of the Retained Earnings, as the new accounting
treatment would reflect more accurately the retained earnings of the Company
as at the specific date of 31 December 2011. Lim had been given “full
opportunity to review, adjust, and object to the draft financial statements”
and he had signed off on the finalised FY 2011 audited financial statements
without listing out any objections.[note: 45]

26 Corrine’s testimony was essentially that she had uncovered three invoices
where money had been paid to the Company in 2011 for work to be done in 2012.
She then raised this to Tiong, as she wanted to ensure that the Retained
Earnings would accurately reflect the value of the Company as at 31 December
2011 because of the impending share transfer. Tiong directed her to inquire
with the Company’s auditors, which then led to the uncovering of the alleged
mistake in how the Company’s financial statements were prepared in the
past.[note: 46] However, it became apparent during cross-examination that
Corrine knew very little about accounting. It was highly unlikely that she
would have been able to spot an accounting mistake by herself, or that she
would have been able to inform Tiong that the “net tangible asset” method of
calculating the Company’s accounts would most accurately reflect the Company’s
value as at 31 December 2011.[note: 47] For these reasons, I found Corrine’s
evidence quite unbelievable.

27 I noted that earlier in 2008, there had been a distribution of the
Company’s retained earnings as at 31 December 2007 to the Company’s
shareholders at the time (namely, Tiong, Lim, Kong and Corrine).[note: 48]
This distribution was made in anticipation of the entry of a potential new
shareholder, one Gan Khuat Giap (although the contemplated share transfer did
not eventually materialise). At the time, the issue of deferred earnings did
not even come into play.[note: 49] The defendants tried to explain this away
by saying that in 2008, there was no concern of having the net tangible assets
of the Company determined as at a specific date.[note: 50] I did not think
that was a good excuse. First, there was no indication under the 6 December
2011 Agreement that the Company should be assessed on a net tangible assets
basis. Second, the original proposal to distribute the accumulated profit as
at 31 December 2007 clearly had a stipulated end date. Third, both the pay out
in 2008 and the proposed pay out in 2012 were to be made because of
anticipated changes in shareholding in the Company.

28 Finally, there was also the fact that Tiong had included the Deferred
Income in determining the bonus that would be paid out to himself and his team
in January 2012.[note: 51] In an email dated 16 April 2012, Lim asked for a
revision of the bonus based on the adjustments to the FY 2011 financial
statements and for the bonuses paid out to be recovered. However, this request
was rejected by Tiong.[note: 52] While I agreed with the defendants’
submission that Tiong’s payout accorded with past practice,[note: 53] that was
not the point. It was unfair and inconsistent for Tiong and Corrine to change
the way retained earnings were calculated and yet insist on past practice to
enjoy a higher share of bonuses, which would also have the effect of also
reducing the dividend that would be paid out to Lim.

29 Therefore, it seemed likely to me that when the parties entered into the 6
December 2011 Agreement, it must have been on the assumption that any
distribution would be based on the Company’s longstanding accounting practice.
They could hardly have contemplated otherwise, because Lim, Tiong and Corrine
had no familiarity with the accounting concept of deferred income in the first
place. While Lim did sign off on the FY 2011 financial statements, it only
indicated that he accepted that there was nothing wrong with it from an
accounting standpoint,[note: 54] and that the Deferred Income issue was really
an internal issue.[note: 55] Corrine herself was aware that Lim was not happy
with the change.[note: 56]

30 For the above reasons, I preferred Lim’s assertion that Tiong and Corrine’s
true motive in adopting a different accounting method was to reduce the pay-
out that should have gone to Lim.[note: 57] To be clear, I am not saying that
the defendants were wrong from an accounting perspective to change the
accounting treatment, and I express no view on the correct accounting
treatment. All I am saying is that the real aim of the changes was to ensure
that Lim got less under the 6 December 2011 Agreement than what the parties
had initially contemplated.

The FY 2011 Annual General Meeting

31 The 6 December 2011 Agreement was to be effected at the Company’s FY 2011
Annual General Meeting (“FY 2011 AGM”). The Notice of AGM was dated 15 May
2012. Interestingly, although the 6 December 2011 Agreement stipulated that
the distribution of the Retained Earnings would take place before the transfer
of Lim’s shares, the agenda was arranged such that the distribution would only
be effected subsequent to the transfer.[note: 58]

32 In the past, all of the Company’s previous AGMs had been “paper” AGMs, in
the sense that the minutes of the AGMs were pre-prepared, and the signing of
the AGM papers were just a formality, as the matters within were already pre-
agreed.[note: 59] The FY 2011 AGM would be the Company’s _first_ “physical”
AGM, as opposed to a “paper” AGM.[note: 60] However, Lim decided he would not
attend the FY 2011 AGM. Instead, he asked his sister-in-law, Kuek Chiew Hia
(“Kuek”), to go as his proxy because he was feeling down and she had much
corporate experience, so he hoped that she could settle the issues with the
Company.[note: 61] This was the first time any shareholder had appointed a
proxy to attend an AGM.[note: 62]

33 Like in previous years, a set of pre-prepared minutes for the AGM and the
relevant documents to be executed to the AGM was sent to all shareholders,
including Lim.[note: 63] However, Kuek (who was not familiar with the
Company’s practice at the time) was concerned about signing such pre-prepared
documents before the meeting and informed Lim that they should not sign such
pre-prepared documents in advance of the physical AGM.[note: 64] In any case,
whether or not Lim’s insistence on the physical AGM and sending Kuek as a
proxy was because of Kuek’s advice or not, his going by the book clearly
indicated that the trust between Lim and Tiong was breaking down.

34 The FY 2011 AGM was held on 29 May 2012. Besides Lim, Kong was also
absent.[note: 65] After the adoption of the FY 2011 financial statements and
certain miscellaneous matters, the next key issue raised at the FY 2011 AGM
was Lim’s transfer of shares to Tiong.[note: 66] In an email dated 30 April
2012 to Tiong and Corrine, Lim had asked for the payment for the shares to be
by cash or by online transfer. Tiong replied on 11 May 2012 saying that he
would only pay by cheque.[note: 67]

35 Nevertheless, Lim instructed Kuek to only accept payment for the share
transfer in cash or through online bank transfer.[note: 68] Tiong, however,
wanted to pay with a cheque of $45,000, for the reason that he had already
told Lim he would not be able to pay by cash, and his bank imposed a $5,000
limit for online transfers.[note: 69]

36 As neither party would relent, it was mutually agreed that the 6 December
2011 Agreement would be voided.[note: 70] Tiong alleged that the share
transfer form had not been signed by Lim, indicating that Lim had no intention
of going through the share transaction at FY 2011 AGM. There was no concrete
evidence of the share transfer form being unsigned. Nevertheless, it seemed to
me that Lim clearly did not want to carry out the 6 December 2011 Agreement
any more, after the unilateral changes Tiong and Corrine had made to the
Company’s accounting practice. Since the 6 December 2011 Agreement was voided,
Kuek also stated that Lim was not resigning as a director.

37 The next item on the agenda involved the re-election of retired directors,
pursuant to the rotation system under Arts 74 and 75 of the Company’s Articles
of Association (“the Articles”).[note: 71] In the past, such a re-election was
merely a formality, because there was a long-standing expectation that when a
director retired, he would be re-elected.[note: 72]

38 Tiong was retired and put up for re-election first. Lim had given Kuek no
instructions as to whether she should vote for or against Tiong’s re-election.
Kuek (as Lim’s proxy) chose to vote against, basically because she did not
think Tiong had been acting properly.[note: 73] In other words, Lim and Kuek’s
trust in Tiong was broken. Nevertheless, Tiong was re-elected because Tiong
and Corrine both voted in his favour, and their combined 50% vote prevailed
over Lim’s 45%.

39 What happened next was controversial. Unlike Tiong, Lim was _not_ due for
retirement according to the Articles. During cross-examination, Tiong said it
was Kuek, as Lim’s proxy, who tabled Lim’s retirement. However, Corrine’s
evidence during cross-examination was that the person who retired all the
directors was the Chairman of the meeting (namely, Tiong[note: 74]). She
clarified during re-examination she was merely under such an _impression_
because Kuek had said Lim was not resigning and she wanted to put him up for
re-election. The defendants’ submission was therefore that Kuek had
_impliedly_ retired Lim by putting Lim up for re-election.[note: 75]

40 It seemed to me that during the FY 2011 AGM, no one knew who was supposed
to retire. In fact, the Articles provide for directors to take turns to
retire, so that Tiong and Lim would not have been required to retire at the
same AGM. However, no one referred to the Articles, or to previous AGMs, in
order to determine who was supposed to retire. I think they must have assumed
(wrongly, it now transpires) that all directors were to retire and face re-
election. The fact that Lim was wrongly retired was not uncovered until Tiong
was cross-examined on this point.

41 It is unclear what really occurred at the FY 2011 AGM, although there is
some indication it was Tiong who first raised the issue of retiring Lim.[note:
76] Whatever the case, I do not think it can be said that it was Kuek who
retired Lim. Kuek’s request for a re-election must have been predicated on the
fact that she already believed that Lim was due for retirement. If Lim did not
want to resign, why would Kuek go out of her way to retire him? As it turned
out, unsurprisingly, Lim was not re-elected as Tiong and Corrine voted against
him.[note: 77] With their 50% vote, Tiong and Corrine also appointed Corrine
as a new director despite Kuek’s opposition[note: 78] and the result was that
the Tiong and Corrine became the only directors of the Company. I also note
that although Lim had not resigned as a director, he nevertheless lost that
position at the FY 2011 AGM.

42 The next item on the agenda was the distribution of the Retained Earnings.
Kuek voted for the distribution but Tiong and Corrine’s combined vote against
the motion again prevailed. Tiong said he voted against the dividend payout
despite the prior agreement because the money was to be used to expand the
Company’s business (“the Business Expansion Plan”). This was the first time
that the shareholders, including Corrine, had heard of such a plan.[note: 79]
Kuek then requested an EGM on 12 June 2012 (“the 12 June 2012 EGM”) to discuss
the Business Expansion Plan.[note: 80]

The 12 June 2012 EGM

43 The 12 June 2012 EGM took place as agreed. Lim sent a friend, Ng Kin Yuen
(“Ng”), as his proxy.[note: 81] There was active discussion regarding the
Business Expansion Plan, although Ng felt that the answers to his queries were
“not sufficient”.[note: 82]

44 The parties disagreed on what actually occurred at the 12 June 2012 EGM, as
well as Lim’s motives. Tiong’s position was that Ng kept asking questions
about the Company’s non-payment of the Company’s retained earnings, among
other things. The defendants averred that Lim and Ng’s real aim was to
pressure the Company into releasing the Retained Earnings.[note: 83] In
contrast, Lim asserted that any discussion in that respect was only a small
portion of the overall meeting, and that was relevant to the Business
Expansion Plan. [note: 84] In the end, Ng (as Lim’s proxy) voted against the
Business Expansion Plan, but Tiong and Corrine’s combined votes pushed through
the Business Expansion Plan.[note: 85]

Subsequent events

45 On 20 June 2012, Kuek and Ng went to the Company’s office to hand over to
the defendants two email printouts requesting for the minutes of the 12 June
2012 EGM. Some unpleasantness occurred (although it did not result in a fight)
and there was some finger pointing as to who was the cause. In any event, it
was not disputed that, after giving them the printouts and acknowledging
receipt of those, Tiong told Kuek and Ng to leave. Tiong also told his staff
not to open the door to the office to them, before he left.[note: 86]

46 In any event, the defendants’ solicitors only sent the minutes in a letter
dated 22 August 2012.[note: 87]This was only done after repeated requests sent
by Kuek’s solicitors, and only after the defendant’s solicitors had asked for
payment of $13 for a copy of the minutes (at $1 per page).[note: 88] This was
a departure from past practice when shareholders were sent the minutes free of
charge not long after the meeting.[note: 89] It was evident to me that Lim
felt humiliated that he had to pay $13 and it was a loss of status and pride
for him.

47 On 26 September 2012, Kuek’s solicitors wrote to the defendants’ solicitors
with some comments and notes made on behalf of Lim. The defendants’ solicitors
replied on 3 October 2012 dismissing the comments, stating, _inter alia_ ,
that the Plaintiff was not entitled to the alteration of the Company’s minutes
of meetings.[note: 90] By this time, it was known that Lim had granted Kuek a
Power of Attorney to Kuek over all matters relating to Lim’s shareholding in
the Company, as Kuek’s solicitors had communicated this to the defendants on 5
July 2012.[note: 91]

48 While this was going on, Tiong bought Kong’s 5% stake in the company on 21
June 2012.[note: 92] This brought Tiong’s shareholding to 50%, with Corrine
holding 5% and Lim with 45%. As directors, Tiong and Corrine approved the
transfer. Under Art 24 of the Articles, the Company’s directors may decline to
register any transfer of shares to a person they do not approve.[note: 93]
Neither Lim nor Kuek were informed of the transfer.[note: 94] Tiong’s reason
was that there was no need for Lim to approve the transfer since he was no
longer a director.[note: 95]

49 There were two other key decisions made, essentially without the
Plaintiff’s input or knowledge: the appointment of one Andrew Cheong as a
director of the Company on or about November 2012;[note: 96] as well as an
apparent increase in the remuneration and bonuses for the Company’s directors
for the year 2012.[note: 97]

Oppression

50 The first issue was whether there was “oppression” under s 216 of the
Companies Act, which states:

216\. —(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company or, in the case of
a declared company under Part IX, the Minister may apply to the Court for an
order under this section on the ground —

(_a_) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in disregard of his or
their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(_b_) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against or is otherwise
prejudicial to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

51 As stated by the Court of Appeal in _Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings
Ltd and another_ [2010] 2 SLR 776 (“ _Over & Over_”) at [81], “the touchstone
by which the court determines whether to grant relief under s 216 of the
Companies Act” was _commercial unfairness_. The question is whether there was
“a visible departure from the standards of fair dealing and a violation of the
conditions of fair play which a shareholder is entitled to expect” (_Over &
Over_ at [77], quoting _Re Kong Thai Sawmill (Miri) Sdn Bhd_ [1978] 2 MLJ
227).

Whether there was a quasi-partnership

52 Before I decided on oppression, I first considered whether the company was
a quasi-partnership. In _Over & Over_ at [83], it was noted that courts have
“consistently applied a stricter yardstick of scrutiny because of the peculiar
vulnerability of minority shareholders” in such a context. The reasons for
this are:

… First, those who enter into a corporate structure often do not always spell
out their rights and obligations in their entirety, in part because they are
unable to anticipate all the eventualities that may arise, but also because it
would be disproportionately expensive and time-consuming to do so even if they
could. Naturally, this problem is particularly acute in respect of those who
set up business with others essentially on the basis of mutual trust and
confidence - they would have operated on the belief that the majority would
take their interests into account and that any such problems would be readily
and civilly ironed out. Ironically, often these understandings are not
documented, let alone spelt out in legal terms, as it might be perceived that
the very documentation of the understanding might betray a lack of trust. This
might seem naïve but unfortunately this behaviour is not infrequent, even
today, in commercial dealings; _relationships thin in words but thick in trust
underpinned by the implicit belief that each will do right by the other
without the need to spell out in embarrassing detail what is expected or
needed_. Second, the reality of the nature of a closed company makes it
susceptible to exploitative conduct by the majority simply because the
minority has no obvious legal remedies spelt out in the memorandum and
articles of association. At the risk of stating the obvious, it bears mention
that minority shares in private companies are often difficult to dispose of,
and even if there was a market for them they would often have to be sold at a
substantial discount. [Emphasis added]

53 The defendants have raised several factors to rebut the proposition, which
are summarised as follows:

(a) The shareholders were not family members, and, the defendants argued,
there was no evidence that they were even close friends. The Company was
originally formed to enter into a joint venture (which later folded up).[note:
98]

(b) The Company had a clear corporate structure where the respective roles of
the persons involved were clearly demarcated. For example, Lim had regarded
Corrine, a fellow shareholder, as a subordinate.[note: 99]

(c) The shareholders had changed several times over the years, which indicated
that the Company’s structure at inception had never held much
significance.[note: 100]

(d) Lim and Tiong later divided the Company’s business into two divisions,
with one party running each division, with the bonus/commission of each
division to be determined by reference to the sales revenue generated by each
division. This division more closely resembled two sole proprietors coming
together to operate under a shared costs centre, as opposed to a partnership
where profits and liabilities are shared between parties.[note: 101]

(e) Even if there was a quasi-partnership between Lim and Tiong, to the
exclusion of the other Members of the Company, it would be erroneous to apply
this to the whole of the Company, and therefore, it was unlikely that the
Company had been intended, _at incorporation_ , to operate _solely_ in
accordance with the alleged quasi-partnership relationship between Lim and
Tiong.[note: 102]

54 In support of their above contentions, the defendants submitted that it is
essential for the court to ascertain whether the relationship _at the time of
incorporation_ was one based on mutual trust and confidence.[note: 103] The
defendants cited _Woon’s Corporations Law_ (Lexis Nexis, 2013)(_“Woon’s_ ”) in
reliance. The relevant passage is found at para 152 of Chapter J of _Woon’s_ :

The single most important factor in establishing the existence of a quasi-
partnership company is that **it should be an association formed or continued
on the basis of a personal relationship, involving mutual confidence**.

…

Although the term 'quasi-partnership' has acquired a certain degree of legal
meaning, what is essential for the court is still to ascertain **whether the
relationship of the parties at the time of incorporation was one based on
mutual trust and confidence**. Therefore, courts have used terms like 'company
akin/analogous to quasi-partnership' (_Chow Kwok Chuen v Chow Kwok Chi_ [2008]
4 SLR(R) 362) or 'moral partnership' (_Wallington v Kokotovich Constructions
Pty Ltd_ [1993] 11 ACLC 1207) to signify the close and personal relationship
of the parties and the use of these terms does not necessarily mean that
different approaches have been taken in these cases.

Lord Wilberforce in  _Ebrahimi v Westbourne Galleries Ltd_ [1973] AC 360 at
379F has said that the condition would often be fulfilled “where a pre-
existing partnership has been converted into a limited company”. **However,
the presence of some prior relationship between the parties before
incorporation is not always necessary to hold that a company is a quasi-
partnership**. To determine whether a company has been formed on mutual trust
and confidence, the recent case of  _Over & Over Ltd v Bonvest Holdings Ltd_
[2010] 2 SLR 776 shows that **our courts are willing to take a holistic and
broad-based approach and not confine themselves to only looking at the
evidence at the inception of the association**. This is justified in that it
is generally difficult for the plaintiff to prove the existence of some oral
or informal understanding at the point of incorporation of the company but the
conduct of the parties subsequently and the manner in which the company is
being run will often throw light on what has transpired between the parties
when the company was first started. The common fear is that judges engaging in
a post-hoc analysis may read too much into the evidence before them and impose
a relationship which might not have been intended  _a priori_ by the parties.
…

[Emphasis added in bold]

55 As shown in the passage of _Woon_ above, whether or not the Initial
Shareholders were close personal friends or otherwise is not dispositive in
the determination of whether the Company was a quasi-partnership on
incorporation. It is also clear that the court may legitimately take into
account evidence of matters taking place beyond the time of the Company’s
inception, although the court should not impose a relationship that the
parties had not intended. With the above statements in mind, I find that the
Company was a quasi-partnership at incorporation, for the reasons stated
below.

The relationship of the Initial Shareholders at the time of incorporation

56 Tiong and Lim had known each other for three years before their business
association and Tiong had known Han since 1984 through work connections. I
agreed with Lim that the fact that the four of them decided to continue to
stick together even after the failure of the joint venture for which the
Company was formed was also indicative of the mutual trust and confidence the
Initial Shareholders had at the material time.[note: 104]

A quasi-partnership can have structure and hierarchy

57 The fact that the Company had a clear corporate structure and hierarchy
would not in itself prevent the finding that the Company was a quasi-
partnership. Lim rightly conceded that if the Company was governed _solely_ by
corporate rules, structures and hierarchy, a quasi-partnership was highly
unlikely to be found.[note: 105] On the other hand, just as real life
partnerships do not have to be (and probably should not be) run in a chaotic
or ad-hoc manner, a quasi-partnership can operate in its day-to-day affairs
and deal with matters of remuneration in an appropriately structured manner.
For the same reasons, the fact that the Company was divided into two divisions
was also non-conclusive. In a “true” partnership, partners may have their own
specialties, areas of responsibility and their own spheres of autonomy within
a firm.

58 In a quasi-partnership, what was crucial was the nature of the relationship
between the shareholders. The question is whether the shareholders have
spelled out their full rights and obligations in the articles of association
and any shareholder agreements they may have, and if they did not do so,
whether that failure to do was their “implicit belief that each will do right
by the other without the need to spell out in embarrassing detail what is
expected or needed _”_ (see _Over & Over_ at [83]). Such mutual confidence did
not have to extend to the relationships between employees and as between the
shareholders and employees.

59 Notwithstanding the corporate structure, mutual confidence underlined the
relationship between Tiong and Lim. For example, from 2005 to 2011, the
bonuses allocated to each business division was determined using figures
prepared and set out in a worksheet prepared by Tiong (because he held the
Additional Role) and _not_ the figures set out in the Company’s audited
statements. I doubt that this practice could survive in the absence of a high
degree of mutual trust and confidence.[note: 106] Moreover, the AGMs and board
meetings of the Company up until 2012 were really no more than mere
formalities. The minutes were pre-prepared, and the retirement and re-election
of directors pursuant to the Articles were essentially a pre-determined
affair.

60 Tiong himself admitted that he only become very careful about following the
Company’s Articles of Association after the FY 2011 AGM, and that he was not
“very careful” about following the articles before then.[note: 107] He only
went strictly by the book after mutual trust and confidence had completely
broken down on 29 May 2012.[note: 108]

61 In summary, while the Company was not a classic case of a quasi-
partnership, the factors raised by the defendants did not preclude the
existence of a quasi-partnership, since all these events could also happen in
a real partnership.

Whether the quasi-partnership was only between Lim and Tiong

62 The defendants had another sting in their tail. They argued that Lim had
only submitted that there was a quasi-partnership between Lim and Tiong, which
was different from the Company itself being a quasi-partnership _vis-à-vis_
all shareholders. There were other directors and other shareholders (with more
shareholdings than Lim and Tiong, like Low). Therefore, it was unlikely that
the Company had been intended, at incorporation, to operate solely in
accordance with the alleged quasi-partnership relationship between Lim and
Tiong (to the exclusion of all other shareholders).[note: 109]

63 It seemed to me that there was an understanding that all the Initial
Shareholders would have the right to participate in the business of the
Company from the outset, and this understanding was not only between Lim and
Tiong (at least not to the exclusion of the Initial Shareholders). The
defendants themselves were under the impression that such an understanding
existed. It was Tiong’s and Corrine’s own evidence they had assumed that both
Corrine and Kong would be appointed directors when they became shareholders
because all previous shareholders of the Company had also been
directors.[note: 110] If Tiong and Corrine had assumed that a 5% shareholder
should automatically have a say, surely it cannot be disputed that the same
assumption would extend to a 45% shareholder like Lim. Where the parties
differed was the _scope_ of this expectation. Lim’s refusal to agree to
Corrine and Kong’s appointments as directors showed that he did not think this
understanding extended to them.

64 It seemed to me that the implied understanding as of 2004 was that Tiong
and Lim would have a say in the management of the Company, but not necessarily
minor shareholders like Corrine and Kong. Moreover, the fact that Lim treated
Corrine (a fellow shareholder) as a subordinate did not show that the Company
was not a quasi-partnership. Even in a real partnership, some partners may be
regarded as being more important than others, whether by reason of seniority,
competence or otherwise. One might think of a traditional family business
where the family patriarch calls the shots. Corrine was not one of the Initial
Shareholders, and the understandings that were in place between the founders
of the Company at the time of incorporation or after the end of the joint
venture might not automatically also apply to her.

65 Such a situation was already contemplated in the classic House of Lords
case of _Ebrahimi v Westbourne Galleries Ltd and others_ [1973] AC 360 (“
_Ebrahimi_ ”), where Lord Wilberforce stated at 361 that a quasi-partnership
is likely to include one or more of the following elements:

(a) an association formed or continued on the basis of a personal
relationship, involving mutual confidence;

(b) an agreement, or understanding, that all, _or some_ , of the shareholders
shall participate in the conduct of the business; or

(c) a restriction upon the transfer of the members’ interests in the company.

66 Therefore, the implied understanding was justifiable on the basis that the
Lim-Tiong “partnership” was the backbone of the Company. Although the Company
was incorporated in 1996, it was only after the dissolution of the joint
venture in late 1999 when the Initial Shareholders began devoting their full
efforts to building up the business of the Company in earnest. While the
Company was more than just an afterthought before that, as there was evidence
that the Initial Shareholders did put in efforts to grow the Company,[note:
111] it was not the focus of the Initial Shareholders’ efforts until then.

67 Of the Initial Shareholders, only Tiong and Lim stuck it out through the
toughest years of the Company. Between 30 April 2000 (when Han quit) and 1
March 2002 (when Low joined as an employee), Tiong and Lim were the only
shareholder-director-employees in the Company and after 2004, they were the
only shareholder-directors. They were the key men in building up the Company
to where it is today. Therefore, although Corrine, Kong and Tiong had the
majority of the votes required to push through the appointments which they all
desired, they did not do so in the face of Lim’s objections, whose views were
important.[note: 112]

Whether a company that was not a quasi-partnership at inception can
subsequently acquire that character

68 The defendants had asserted that in order for the Company to be a quasi-
partnership, it was “essential” for the court to find that the relationship of
mutual trust and confidence existed at the time of incorporation. As I have
already found that such a relationship among the Initial Shareholders existed
at the time of incorporation, there is strictly no need for me to deal with
it. But I would make a few comments.

69 Reading the passage in _Woon_ cited at [54] above in totality, I do not
think that it stands for the proposition that a company that was not a quasi-
partnership at the time of incorporation may never become a quasi-partnership.
Indeed, in _Ebrahimi_ (see [65] above), it was contemplated that a quasi-
partnership may be an association _continued_ on the basis of mutual
confidence.

70 Even though it would be quite unusual for a Company that did not start life
as a quasi-partnership to subsequently become one, it was not impossible. This
may occur, for example, when the original objects and purposes for which the
Company was incorporated had disappeared, and the remaining shareholders
decide instead to carry on instead based on new understandings and agreements
(in response to the radically changed circumstances), which were never
formalised because of the now existing mutual trust and confidence between the
shareholders.

71 The UK case of _Martin Shepherd v Michael Roy Williamson, Phoenix Contracts
(Leicester) Limited_ [2010] EWHC 2375 (Ch) (“ _Phoenix Contracts_ ”), which
was not cited to me by counsel, is an example of where a court has found that
a quasi-partnership arose _after_ the time of inception of the company. I will
not go into the facts except to note that it was a case where the plaintiff
(“Shepherd”) sued for a fellow shareholder (“Williamson”) to buy out his
shares at a fair value under s 994 of the UK Companies Act 2006 (Cap 46) (UK).
The company in that case had four founder members, including Shepherd and
Williamson. One of the four founders, Coley, retired in 1995 and his shares
were repurchased by the company for nominal value. The other founder, Walker,
was made redundant and resigned as director and his shares were transferred to
Shepherd and Williamson for a fixed price as per the company’s articles of
association, with Williamson getting an extra share (because Walker had an odd
number of shares). The result was that Williamson had one more share than
Shepherd. Shepherd did not allege that there was a quasi-partnership _prior_
to Walker’s departure. The learned judge in that case found that, in the
circumstances of the case, that there was a quasi-partnership at latest when
Williamson and Shepherd became the sole directors and shareholders (at [89] of
_Phoenix Contracts_).

72 Therefore, even if there was no quasi-partnership at the incorporation of
the Company, the Company had likely become one between 2000 and 2004 when Lim
and Tiong chose to continue their association after the collapse of the joint
venture. The latest time this would have occurred would be after the buyout of
Low’s shares in 2004, when it was apparent that the company was run based on
what Lim and Tiong agreed between themselves. It was not a case where the
directors had to resort to formal rules to resolve issues that would crop up.

Summary of the quasi-partnership issue

73 On balance, I find that the Company was a quasi-partnership. However, this
was not an essential finding in this case. What is crucial was that the key,
unwritten understanding between the parties was that the main shareholders
(namely, Lim and Tiong) would always have a say in management. Lim had
submitted that he had an implied veto over all key decisions. It was unclear
whether the implied understanding went that far, but it was clear that he
should at least have a say.

Whether there was oppression

74 By unjustifiably removing Lim from the board of directors and excluding him
from management and decision making altogether, Tiong and Corrine had acted in
breach of the implied understanding that Lim would be allowed to participate
in such management. To clarify, there was nothing commercially unfair about
Tiong wanting Lim to leave because Tiong thought Lim was no longer pulling his
weight in the Company _per se_. However, it was clear to me that the actual
exclusion was done in such a way that was commercially unfair.

75 It is trite law that “unfairness does not lie in the exclusion alone but in
exclusion without a reasonable offer” (see _O'Neill and another v Phillips and
others_ [1999] 1 WLR 1092 (“ _O’Neill v Phillips_ ”) at 1107). In the present
case, a reasonable offer had been made and an agreement reached, _ie_ , the 6
December 2011 Agreement.

76 However, in breach of Lim’s legitimate expectation that past practices
would be adhered to when computing the value of the Company,[note: 113] Tiong
and Corrine drastically and _deliberately_ reduced the actual value of the
buyout by making a unilateral change to the Company’s longstanding accounting
practice. This was no better than excluding Lim without an offer of a buyout,
and arguably worse. In any event, it was clearly commercially unfair.

77 Notwithstanding the above, the defendants have tried to justify the removal
of Lim on the grounds that it was Kuek (as Lim’s proxy), who first voted
against Tiong’s first re-election. Despite the expectation that directors who
retire would be re-elected, they argued that Lim had not instructed Kuek to
vote for Tiong, which meant that it was _Lim_ who first breached the implied
understanding. Tiong and Corrine had “legitimate reasons” for voting against
Lim. Therefore, there was no want of probity on their part.[note: 114]

78 This did not justify Tiong and Corrine’s actions. First, while it was true
that Kuek did vote against Lim, this was more or less symbolic – it must have
been apparent to all that Lim’s 45% vote could not defeat Tiong and Corrine’s
combined 50%, as Kong’s 5% vote was out of the picture.

79 Second, the 6 December 2011 Agreement had stipulated that Lim’s sale of
shares would only take place after the distribution of the Retained Earnings,
and only after that would Lim resign. However, Tiong and Corrine arranged it
so that the distribution of the Retained Earnings would only take place after
Lim had sold his shares and resigned.[note: 115] By arranging the agenda in
this way, Tiong and Corrine were acting contrary to the 6 December 2011
Agreement, and the fact that Kuek had not expressly objected to the agenda did
not change that. More importantly, it was clearly prejudicial since Lim would
have been left high and dry if he had sold his shares and resigned _before_
the retained earnings were paid out. I also noted that Tiong’s stated reason
(regardless of what he thought) for actually rejecting the distribution of the
Retained Earnings was not that the FY 2011 Agreement had been voided, but that
the money should be set aside for the Business Expansion Plan.[note: 116]
After what had happened with the change to the Company’s accounting practice,
it seemed to me that any fears Lim may have had of another bait-and-switch
were well justified.

80 Third, I do not think Tiong and Corrine’s stated reasons for voting Lim out
were entirely legitimate. Tiong said the reason he voted against Lim was
because Kuek had voted against him first. It was an action against Lim
straight from Tiong’s heart.[note: 117] Corrine said she voted against Lim
because she felt that Lim “doesn’t honour his word” and that if Lim had
attended the FY 2011 AGM personally, everything might have been settled
then.[note: 118] Considering the unexpected and unilateral change to the
Company’s accounting practice was what actually led to the breakdown of mutual
trust and confidence, it was not fair for the defendants to insinuate that it
was Lim, _via_ Kuek, who fired the first shot. If the 6 December 2011
Agreement had been properly adhered to, Lim should have exited the Company
_before_ the issues of retirement and re-election would have arisen.

81 Finally, we should also not lose sight of the fact that _Lim should not
have been retired as a director in the first place_.

82 To be clear, I did not find that the defendants have acted unlawfully in
the sense that they may have been within their legal rights to exclude Lim
from having a say in certain matters after the FY 2011 AGM, because Lim was
not a director and not part of the Company’s management. That did not mean
that their actions were not commercially unfair. As stated in _Over & Over_ at
[85], “a majority shareholder may be within his strict legal rights but the
manner in which he exploits his legal rights may call for the court's
intervention”.

Other buyout offers

83 As stated above, even if Lim was unfairly excluded from the management of
the Company, a finding of oppression would not stand in the face of a
reasonable buyout offer (see _Lim Chee Twang v Chan Shuk Kuen Helina and
others_ [2010] 2 SLR 209 at [138] and _O'Neill v Phillips_).

84 The defendants had made three buyout offers to Lim in 2013, and Lim had
made two counter-offers.[note: 119] The defendants even made an offer to wind
up the Company. I do not propose to go into the details of each and every
buyout offer, except to say that all three buyout offers involved a payment
that would be _less_ than what Lim would have received under the 6 December
2011 Agreement had the Company not changed the accounting practice to exclude
the Deferred Income of $396,312.[note: 120]

85 In _Lim Swee Khiang and another v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd and others_ [2005] 4
SLR(R) 141 at [97], Judith Prakash J summarised the guidelines set out by Lord
Hoffmann in _O’Neill v Phillips_ in determining what would be a reasonable
offer as follows:

Lord Hoffmann then set out the guidelines to assist shareholders in
determining what would be a reasonable offer. There were five points. First,
the offer must be to purchase the shares at a fair value. Second, the value if
not agreed, should be determined by a competent expert. Third, the offer
should be to have the value determined by the expert as an expert. Fourth, the
offer should provide for equality of arms between the parties. Fifth, the
question of costs would have to be considered. The offer should take into
account the plaintiffs' costs although this need not always be payable by the
defendants as in cases where the defendants have not been given a chance to
make an offer before the action was launched.

86 The defendants’ offers in 2013 were not reasonable when the context and
circumstances of the case were taken into account. It may well be that in a
vacuum the defendants’ offers may satisfy Lord Hoffmann’s first criterion,
which was an offer at fair value. But taking into account the events leading
up to the FY 2011 AGM, I do not think the offers can be regarded as fair. In
any event, even if the offers were for fair value, that would only satisfy the
first of Lord Hoffmann’s five points.

87 Therefore, I find that there was oppression.

Remedy for oppression

88 All parties were in agreement that a buyout was the most appropriate remedy
for oppression, if that was found. The real issue was the price.

89 The defendants’ submission was that, if a buyout were ordered, the
valuation should be based on the terms of the 6 December 2011 Agreement, _ie_
, it should be based on the net tangible assets of the Company as at 31
December 2011 (as reflected in the audited financial statements for FY 2011).
The Deferred Income and the Company’s goodwill would not be included in the
exercise.[note: 121]

90 Lim, on the other hand, submitted that the valuation date should be 29 May
2012, _ie_ , the date on which Lim was removed as director and excluded from
the Company. This was the date that the oppressive acts first took
place.[note: 122] The valuation of Lim’s shares should take into account,
amongst other things, the fees, remuneration and bonuses Lim would have earned
had he remained as a director of the Company,[note: 123] any deferred income
which has accrued and the moneys set aside for the Business Expansion Plan
(should it turn out to be a phantom) should also be credited for the purpose
of calculating the value of Lim’s shares.[note: 124] Although it was submitted
that the methodology to be applied is something best left to the expert, Lim
argued that that the “net tangible asset” basis of valuing Lim’s shares should
be excluded from the very start.[note: 125]

91 It was stated in _Yeo Hung Khiang v Dickson Investment (Singapore) Pte Ltd
and others_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 773 (“ _Yeo Hung Khiang_ ”) at [72]:

… the determination of share value need not be in accordance with strict
accounting principles. The role of the court was merely to determine a price
that is fair and just in the particular circumstances of the case. …

92 Rather than try to determine a market value on Lim’s shares based on an
abstract willing seller and willing buyer, as a matter of fairness, we should
go back to the implied understanding of the parties. There had been various
share transfers over the years, such as when Low and Han exited the Company.
It appeared to me that the pricing methodology has not been consistent, so
there is no consistent practice to follow. But in each case, the price has
been negotiated and an agreement has been reached.

93 In this case, there was an agreement reached, before it was voided at the
11th hour. I accepted the defendants’ submission that going back to the 6
December 2011 Agreement was the fairest way of valuing Lim’s shares. After
all, it was Lim who came up with the proposed formula himself.[note: 126]

94 I, however, made a few adjustments from the defendants’ proposal. The main
adjustment was that the Deferred Income (_ie_ , the deferred income for FY
2011 and not FY 2012) should be included, because it was part of the
agreement. Similarly, there will be no money set aside for the Business
Expansion Plan, as this was also not part of the 6 December 2011 Agreement.

95 Another adjustment was needed because the buyout only occurred at the time
of judgment, not in 2012. Lim should get the price that he would have got in
2012, and I will add another 10% to reflect the fact that he would only be
getting paid in 2014. It was not appropriate to award interest, since this was
not an award of damages (see _Yeo Hung Khiang_ at [41]). But I would exercise
my discretion to make an enhancement to the share value to reflect a return
that Lim should receive on his investment. As the 6 December 2011 Agreement
was intended to be completed in 2012, Lim would effectively participate in the
profits up to 2011 only. So he will not participate in the 2012 and 2013
profits, and in any case he contributed nothing towards them. There will be no
goodwill, nor will we look at future earning potential, as this was never part
of the 6 December 2011 Agreement. So a 10% uplift to reflect two years of
investment returns would be fair to the parties.

96 I spelled out the above methodology to the parties’ solicitors at the
hearing on 7 April 2013. I highlighted to them there were still some issues to
be worked out, such as the calculation of the actual price, using this
methodology. In addition, I directed counsel to work out the detailed
structure of the transaction. For example, the parties could go straight to
the buyout, or they could first declare a dividend from retained earnings,
followed by a buyout. Essentially, Lim would still get the same amount, but it
could be done in different ways, and that was something that I was happy to
allow parties to work out. I also asked the parties to consider if they needed
the court to appoint an expert to calculate the appropriate figure for them,
or whether they could work it out by themselves. Unfortunately, they were
unable to agree.

97 At a subsequent hearing on 21 July 2014, the parties informed me that they
could not agree on a final figure because in 2013, the Company paid a dividend
of $30,000. Lim received 45% of that. The defendants wanted Lim to pay back
that dividend, for the purposes of calculating the buyout price and the 10%
uplift. It was argued that, under the 6 December 2011 Agreement, Lim would
have been bought out in May 2012. He would not have received the 2013
dividend. The reason for the 10% uplift is to compensate for the delay in
payment. So if Plaintiff can also keep the 2013 dividend, he will be
compensated twice over.

98 In response, Lim’s position was that, in that case, he should have been
paid director’s fees for the period from 1 January to 29 May 2012, as he was
only to resign at the FY2011 AGM.

99 After considering the parties’ arguments, I am of the view that the 2013
dividend should be put back for the purposes of calculating the buyout price.
I also did not include the directors’ fees for 2012 as part of the buyout
price, as it was not part of the 6 December 2011 Agreement. Accordingly, I
order that Tiong is to purchase Lim’s shares in the Company at the price of
$292,000, which is the defendants’ figure.

Breach of directors’ duties and just and equitable winding up

100 Lim also claimed against Tiong and Corrine for breach of directors’
duties. However, even though this was a head of claim, Lim made no submissions
on this point save for one line in para 118 of the Plaintiff’s Reply
Submissions. I deal with it quite briefly. First, Lim had no standing to bring
this claim, and second, even if he did, he has not provided any evidence that
Tiong and Corrine were in breach. I would therefore dismiss this part of his
claim.

101 Lim had also asked for a declaration that it is just and equitable to wind
up the Company. This was pleaded in the alternative, and since I have already
granted Lim a remedy for oppression, there was no need for me to make such a
declaration, and I decline to do so.

Conclusion

102 The main issue was the price of the buyout. While Lim succeeded on the
oppression claim, he failed on many of his demands with respect to the terms
of the buyout. In addition, the legal costs incurred in this case were
disproportionate to the amount at issue. I think parties could have made more
efforts to settle, and if they had been more reasonable, the chances of
settlement would have been higher. I thus award Lim 70% of his costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim (“SOC”), paras 21, 23 and 27.

[note: 2]SOC, para 27.

[note: 3]Defendants’ Closing Submissions (“DCS”), para 45; Defendants’ Bundle
of AEIC, p 3 at paras 10-11.

[note: 4]DCS, para 44.

[note: 5]Lim’s AEIC, para 6.

[note: 6]Lim’s AEIC, para 9; DCS, para 47.

[note: 7]Tiong’s AEIC, para 17.

[note: 8]Lim’s AEIC, paras 15-21.

[note: 9]NE, 16 Dec 2013, p 21 at line 7 to p 22 at line 2.

[note: 10]Lim’s AEIC, para 15.

[note: 11]Lim’s AEIC, para 24(a).

[note: 12]Lim’s AEIC, para 24.

[note: 13]DCS, para 57.

[note: 14]Lim’s AEIC, para 24(b).

[note: 15]Lim’s AEIC, para 24(b).

[note: 16]Tiong’s AEIC, para 34; Corrine’s AEIC, para 16.

[note: 17]NE, 18 Dec 2013, p 132 line 30 to p 134 line 2.

[note: 18]Lim’s AEIC, pp 98-99.

[note: 19]Tiong’s AEIC, para 42.

[note: 20]DCS, para 68; see Lim’s AEIC, para 45.

[note: 21]DCS, para 71; see Lim’s AEIC, paras 27-30.

[note: 22]SOC, para 15; Defence, para 15.

[note: 23]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”), para 19; DCS, para 73.

[note: 24]Lim’s AEIC, para 47.

[note: 25]DCS, para 81; Tiong’s AEIC, para 54.

[note: 26]Lim’s AEIC, para 48.

[note: 27]DCS, paras 85-88 and p 59.

[note: 28]NE, 16 Dec 2013, p 51 line 9 to p 52 line 6; p 56 line 28 to p 57
line 4.

[note: 29]NE, 16 Dec 2013, p 49 at lines 1-11.

[note: 30]Tiong’s AEIC, p 61; DCS, para 89.

[note: 31]Tiong’s AEIC, pp 63-65.

[note: 32]NE, 16 Dec 2013, p 84 lines 7-28.

[note: 33]NE, 16 Dec 2013, p 76 line 22 to p 77 line 22

[note: 34]Lim’s AEIC, pp 110-115.

[note: 35]DCS, paras 97-100.

[note: 36]SOC, para 18; see also DCS para 106.

[note: 37]Lim’s AEIC, para 72.

[note: 38]Tiong’s AEIC, para 86.

[note: 39]Lim’s AEIC, para 78.

[note: 40]NE, 19 Dec 2013, p 35, lines 6-8.

[note: 41]Lim’s AEIC paras 78-85.

[note: 42]1AB (Pt 1) p 62.

[note: 43]Corrine’s AEIC, para 31.

[note: 44]DCS, para 118.

[note: 45]DCS, paras 245-246.

[note: 46]NE, 19 Dec 2013, p 119 at lines 7-32; NE, 19 Dec 2013, p 122 at
lines 4-7; Corrine’s AEIC, paras 31-34.

[note: 47]Tiong’s AEIC, para 88.

[note: 48]Lim’s AEIC, p 59-74.

[note: 49]NE, 19 Dec 2013, p 93, at lines 3-16.

[note: 50]DCS, para 119.

[note: 51]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”), para 44.

[note: 52]PRS, para 67.

[note: 53]DCS, paras 76-79; see also DCS, para 128(b).

[note: 54]NE, 17 Dec 2013, p 8, at lines 18-26.

[note: 55]NE, 17 Dec 2013, p 21, at lines 16-32.

[note: 56]NE, 19 Dec 2013, p 139, at lines 1-5.

[note: 57]PRS, para 54.

[note: 58]3AB (Pt 2), p 129.

[note: 59]Kuek’s AEIC, para 3; see also DCS, para 144; Lim’s AEIC, para 108.

[note: 60]NE, 17 Dec 2013, p 47, at lines 18-22; p 48, at lines 28-31.

[note: 61]NE, 17 Dec 2013, p 49 line 27 to p 50 line 13.

[note: 62]Tiong’s AEIC, para 110.

[note: 63]DCS, para 144; Kuek’s AEIC, para 3.

[note: 64]NE, 17 Dec 2013, p 51 line 29 to p 52 line 31.

[note: 65]NE, 19 Dec 2013, p 144, lines 12-15.

[note: 66]Lim’s AEIC, para 93; see also 1AB (Pt 1) 94-96.

[note: 67]Tiong’s AEIC, pp 112-114.

[note: 68]NE, 17 Dec 2013, p 50 lines 14-21.

[note: 69]DCS, paras 149 to 150.

[note: 70]DCS, para 154(c); see also 1AB (Pt 1) 94; see also Kuek’s AEIC, para
10.

[note: 71]PCS, para 47; DCS, para 156.

[note: 72]NE, 18 Dec 2013, p 99, lines 4-6.

[note: 73]NE, 18 Dec 2013, p 57, lines 5-9.

[note: 74]1AB (Pt 1), p 94.

[note: 75]DCS, para 156(d).

[note: 76]NE, 19 Dec 2013, p 143, line 15 to p 144, line 1.

[note: 77]1AB (Pt 1), p 94.

[note: 78]1AB (Pt 1), p 95.

[note: 79]NE, 19 Dec 2013, p 41, lines 1-8.

[note: 80]Kuek’s AEIC, paras 11-12; 1AB (Pt 1), p 95.

[note: 81]Lim’s AEIC, para 88.

[note: 82]NE, 18 Dec 2013, p 71, line 21 to p 72, line 11.

[note: 83]DCS, para 168.

[note: 84]NE, 17 Dec 2013, p 94, line 3 to p 96, line 20.

[note: 85]DCS, para 169.

[note: 86]DCS, para 176(i); Kuek’s AEIC, para 15; Ng’s AEIC, para 8.

[note: 87]Kuek’s AEIC, p 84.

[note: 88]Kuek’s AEIC, paras 19-21.

[note: 89]PCS, para 49; NE, 19 Dec 2013, p 61, lines 27-30 to p 62, lines
1-13.

[note: 90]Kuek’s AEIC, p 113.

[note: 91]1AB (Pt 2) p 128; Kuek’s AEIC, pp 28-30.

[note: 92]Tiong’s AEIC, para 146.

[note: 93]Lim’s AEIC, p 187.

[note: 94]Kuek’s AEIC, para 37; see also NE, 18 Dec 2013, p 85, at lines
28-32.

[note: 95]NE, 18 Dec 2013, p 89, at lines 25-31.

[note: 96]Kuek’s AEIC, para 39.

[note: 97]Kuek’s AEIC, para 45.

[note: 98]DCS, para 219.

[note: 99]DCS, paras 220-222.

[note: 100]DCS, paras 223-227.

[note: 101]DCS, paras 228-231.

[note: 102]Defendants’ Reply Submissions (“DRS”), paras 6-9.

[note: 103]DCS, para 213(c).

[note: 104]PRS, paras 10-11.

[note: 105]PRS, para 16.

[note: 106]PRS, paras 22-24.

[note: 107]NE, 18 Dec 2013, p 103, lines 5 to 25.

[note: 108]PRS, para 33.

[note: 109]PRS, paras 6-9.

[note: 110]Tiong’s AEIC, para 34; Corrine’s AEIC, para 16.

[note: 111]Lim’s AEIC, paras 10-12.

[note: 112]NE, 19 Dec 2013, pp 106-108.

[note: 113]PRS, para 58.

[note: 114]DCS, paras 286-290.

[note: 115]3AB (Pt 2), p 129.

[note: 116]Tiong’s AEIC, para 127.

[note: 117]NE, 18 Dec 2013, p 123, lines 27-31; NE, 18 Dec 2013, p 124, lines
16-17.

[note: 118]NE, 19 Dec 2013, p 145, lines 6-12.

[note: 119]DW5.

[note: 120]See DW5.

[note: 121]DCS, paras 351 and 354.

[note: 122]PCS, para 91.

[note: 123]PCS, para 88.

[note: 124]PCS, paras 97-98.

[note: 125]PCS, para 83-88.

[note: 126]DCS, para 184.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jul 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

