Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  KS Energy Services Ltd _v_ BR Energy (M) Sdn Bhd  
[2014] SGCA 16

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 46 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alvin Yeo SC, Chan Hock Keng, Alma Yong and Benjamin Fong
(WongPartnership LLP) for the appellant; Philip Jeyaretnam SC, Ling Tien Wah,
Koh Kia Jeng, Ng Hui Min and Germaine Tan (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  KS Energy Services Ltd — BR Energy (M) Sdn Bhd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 2 SLR 1154.]

26 February 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court in _BR Energy (M)
Sdn Bhd v KS Energy Services Ltd_ [2013] 2 SLR 1154 (“the Judgment”), in which
the judge (“the Judge”) found the appellant, KS Energy Services Ltd (“KSE”),
liable for breaching a joint venture agreement which it had entered into with
the respondent, BR Energy (M) Sdn Bhd (“BRE”). Specifically, the Judge found
that KSE had breached its obligation to use “all reasonable endeavours” to
procure the construction and delivery of an oil rig known as a workover
pulling unit (“WPU”) by a prescribed deadline (see the Judgment at [137]).

2 This case provides an opportunity to clarify the content of provisions which
impose an obligation on a party to exercise “endeavours” in a particular
regard (“‘endeavours’ clauses” or “‘endeavours’ obligations” for short). It
also illustrates how a party bound by such a provision might satisfy its
obligations in the face of dynamic (and often unforeseen) circumstances,
unfamiliar settings and sometimes intransigent third parties. “Endeavours”
clauses are often found in contracts, but infrequently considered by the
courts here. To facilitate our discussion of these clauses, we shall, where
appropriate in this judgment, refer to: (a) a party who is bound by such a
clause as an “obligor”; (b) a party who is to receive the benefit of such a
clause as an “obligee”; and (c) the outcome which the obligor is to exercise
“endeavours” to procure as the “contractually-stipulated outcome”.

3 “Endeavours” clauses are often of considerable importance in commercial
settings. As this court noted in _Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd
and others_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518, the doctrine of good faith remains a fledging
doctrine in both English and Singapore contract law. Until and unless the
theoretical foundations and architecture of the doctrine are settled, our
courts cannot imprecisely endorse an implied duty of good faith in the local
context (at [47]–[60]). Parties to a contract governed by Singapore law
therefore do not ordinarily have either the burden or the benefit of a general
obligation to conduct themselves in accordance with an ascertainable standard
of commercial behaviour. To address this lacuna, express “endeavours” clauses
are often introduced into written contracts to regulate the parties’
obligations. However, as will be seen, notwithstanding the relative prevalence
of such clauses, there remains a degree of uncertainty as to what legal
responsibilities they might entail. As our discussion in this judgment will
illustrate, the wealth of case law from across the various common law
jurisdictions provides some degree of insight, but ultimately, each case will
have to be resolved on its own facts. The same “endeavours” formulation, when
used in different factual matrices, does not _necessarily_ have the same or a
similar meaning or implication.

The background

4 The facts of this case are as follows. BRE is a Malaysian company which
provides services in the oil and gas industry. On or around 11 August 2005,
BRE submitted a tender to Petronas Carigali Sdn Bhd (“PCSB”) for the provision
of a WPU. BRE was supported in this tender submission by an oilfield services
provider known as China Oilfield Service Limited (“COSL”), for which it was
the exclusive Malaysian representative. The WPU was to be based on an existing
design, and was to be constructed by a rig construction company known as RG
Petro-Machinery Co Ltd (“RG”). The construction of this WPU will hereafter be
referred to as “the WPU project” where appropriate.

5 BRE’s tender submission was successful. On 21 November 2005, PCSB issued a
letter of award to BRE (“the Letter of Award”), and a contract between them
(“the PCSB contract”) came into existence. Under the terms of the Letter of
Award, the WPU was to be delivered to PCSB in Labuan, East Malaysia, no later
than 120 days from the date of award, _ie_ , by 21 March 2006. Unbeknownst to
PCSB, COSL and RG had pulled out of the WPU project sometime in October 2005
because RG would not have been able to fulfil the order. BRE was still keen on
pursuing the WPU project, but needed a new partner which could arrange for a
rig builder to replace RG. COSL’s Director of Marketing, Lim Hong Khun
(“LHK”), sought to assist BRE in his private capacity. He contacted a business
acquaintance, Tan Fuh Gih (“TFG”), an Executive Director of KSE, to seek KSE’s
assistance to find a rig builder for BRE.

6 KSE is in the business of chartering capital equipment in the oil and gas
industry. It would appear that BRE and KSE (collectively referred to hereafter
as “the Parties” where appropriate) did not have a pre-existing relationship,
and KSE’s involvement in the WPU project was solely the result of LHK’s
introduction. The Parties searched for alternative rig builders in October and
November 2005, but these efforts came to nought. There was a great demand for
rigs at the time, and it was difficult to find a rig builder which could build
the WPU within the time frame imposed by PCSB at a viable cost. A rig builder
known as Oderco Inc (“Oderco”) was eventually identified by one of KSE’s
Middle Eastern contacts sometime in late November 2005 after the Letter of
Award was issued. On 29 November 2005, TFG e-mailed LHK to tell him that he
had just returned from Oderco’s yard in the United Arab Emirates, and that
Oderco had given a quotation with delivery in Abu Dhabi estimated at five
months. Other rig builders had estimated delivery within eight to ten months.

7 On 30 November 2005, BRE’s Chief Executive Officer, Abdul Yazid (“Mr
Yazid”), wrote to PCSB. He informed PCSB that RG was no longer involved in the
WPU project and nominated Oderco as an alternative rig builder. PCSB was
assured that the WPU would be constructed according to the specifications in
the tender, and was also informed that construction and delivery would take
six months. PCSB replied on 8 December 2005 acceding to the variation of the
deadline for delivery to 180 days from 21 November 2005, _ie_ , by 21 May
2006, effectively giving BRE five months and 13 days from 8 December 2005 to
perform. For each day thereafter, liquidated damages of US$4,000 per day (up
to a maximum of 30 days) were payable. Further, PCSB could terminate the PCSB
contract for late delivery after 20 June 2006.

8 The pressure of time appears to have been a major concern for the Parties
right from the outset, as the correspondence between them indicates unease by
both of them about the short time frame for completing the WPU as well as the
liquidated damages which PCSB was entitled to impose under the PCSB contract.
Nevertheless, the Parties were committed to pursuing the WPU project and
entered into a joint venture agreement (“the JVA”) on 13 December 2005. The
structure of their relationship was described in the preamble to the JVA as
follows:[note: 1]

**Background**

(A)BRE has been awarded a contract by [PCSB] to provide a [WPU]. …

(B)BRE and [KSE] intend to incorporate a company in Labuan, Malaysia, under
the name “BR Offshore Services Limited” (JVC) and hold shares in the JVC.

(C)[KSE] will arrange for the construction of the [WPU] and sell it to the JVC
which will in turn charter it to BRE for BRE to fulfil the contract from
[PCSB].

…

9 Under clause 3 of the JVA, the first order of business for the Parties was
to secure the incorporation of the joint venture company mentioned in the
preamble to the JVA, BR Offshore Services Ltd (“BRO”). The Parties defined the
incorporation of BRO as “Completion”[note: 2] in clause 1.1 of the JVA. Under
clause 7, KSE was to next proceed to procure financing for BRO to acquire the
WPU. Clause 6 sets out the details of the Parties’ subsequent obligations as
follows:[note: 3]

**Procurement of WPU, Charter Agreement and [PCSB] Contract**

6.1After Completion and after the financing in clause 7.1 is available for
immediate drawdown, BRE and [KSE] shall procure that a charter agreement for
the WPU is executed between [BRO] and BRE. Upon the Charter Agreement being
executed, [KSE] shall proceed to arrange for the construction of the WPU … on
terms acceptable to [KSE]. The specifications, equipment and inventory of the
WPU is as set-out in the Charter Agreement.

6.2 **_[KSE] shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure the WPU is
constructed and ready for delivery in Abu Dhabi or other location specified by
[KSE] within six months after the Charter Agreement is executed._**

6.3[KSE] shall sell the WPU to [BRO] and [BRO] shall buy the WPU from [KSE].
The price of the WPU is [KSE’s] cost of construction plus 3% which price is to
be paid by [BRO] to [KSE] upon [BRO] taking delivery of the WPU.

6.4…

6.5BRE shall at all times comply with its obligations under the Charter
Agreement and the [PCSB contract] and shall ensure the [PCSB contract] remains
valid, binding and enforceable on [PCSB].

6.6BRE shall indemnify [KSE] against all claims, proceedings, liabilities,
losses, damages, costs and expenses (including legal costs on a full indemnity
basis) arising in connection with the Charter Agreement and the [PCSB
contract] and their respective performance.

[emphasis added in bold italics and underlining]

It is this “all reasonable endeavours” provision in clause 6.2 of the JVA that
the Parties vigorously join issue over.

10 On 18 December 2005, five days after the JVA was entered into, Mr Yazid
signed a document (“the Authorisation Document”) authorising KSE to proceed to
contract with Oderco for the construction of a WPU with “Delivery – 6 months
ex works”.[note: 4] On 21 December 2005, KSE entered into a contract with
Oderco (“the Oderco contract”). Clause B(3) of the Oderco contract provided
that the time of shipment of the WPU would be “Ex-works basis within 165 days
from date of Contract”,[note: 5]_ie_ , by 4 June 2006. This was well after the
deadline of 21 May 2006 under the PCSB contract and immediately exposed BRE to
liquidated damages under that contract even if Oderco performed as agreed.

11 BRO was only incorporated on 3 March 2006. On 10 March 2006, KSE and BRO
entered into a contract under which KSE agreed to sell and BRO agreed to buy
the WPU (“the BRO contract”). Clause B(3) of the BRO contract provided that
the time of shipment of the WPU would be “Ex-works basis within 6 calendar
months from 18th December 2005”,[note: 6]_ie_ , by 17 June 2006.

12 Also on 10 March 2006, BRE entered into the charter agreement with BRO that
was provided for by clause 6.1 of the JVA (“the Charter Agreement”). Clause
3.3 of the Charter Agreement was _inconsistent_ with both the Oderco contract
and the BRO contract in that it provided that “[BRO] shall use all reasonable
endeavours to procure the WPU is constructed and ready for delivery in Abu
Dhabi or another location specified by [BRO] within six months after the date
of this agreement”,[note: 7]_ie_ , by 9 September 2006. However, that clause
was _consistent_ with clause 6.2 of the JVA, which provided that “[KSE] shall
use _all reasonable endeavours_ to procure the WPU is constructed and ready
for delivery in Abu Dhabi or other location specified by [KSE] within six
months after the Charter Agreement is executed”[note: 8] [emphasis added].

13 To summarise, the various deadlines are as follows:

(a) under the PCSB contract, BRE had an absolute obligation to deliver the WPU
to PCSB in Labuan no later than 21 May 2006 in order to avoid liquidated
damages, and no later than 20 June 2006 in order to avoid termination;

(b) under the JVA, KSE had to use all reasonable endeavours to procure the
construction and delivery of the WPU (in Abu Dhabi or at a location of its
choosing) within six months of the Charter Agreement being executed (_ie_ , by
9 September 2006);

(c) the Authorisation Document provided for delivery “6 months ex
works”;[note: 9]

(d) under the Oderco contract, Oderco had an absolute obligation to have the
WPU ready for shipment on an ex-works basis by 4 June 2006;

(e) under the BRO contract, KSE had an absolute obligation to have the WPU
ready for shipment on an ex-works basis by 17 June 2006; and

(f) under the Charter Agreement, BRO had to use all reasonable endeavours to
procure the construction and delivery of the WPU by 9 September 2006.

These deadlines are illustrated in the diagram below:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

14 Oderco was unable to meet the 4 June 2006 deadline stipulated in the Oderco
contract. PCSB granted numerous extensions of time for the completion of the
WPU, namely:

(a) from 21 May 2006 to 25 July 2006;

(b) from 25 July 2006 to 4 September 2006;

(c) from 4 September 2006 to 6 October 2006; and

(d) from 6 October 2006 to 26 October 2006.

15 Oderco did not meet any of these revised deadlines. PCSB eventually wrote
to BRE to terminate the PCSB contract on 12 April 2007. Notwithstanding PCSB’s
termination, the Parties continued with the construction of the WPU. On 20
August 2007, KSE terminated the Oderco contract with BRE’s consent, with a
view to moving the partially-completed WPU to its own yard in Dubai, which it
had recently acquired. This was accomplished in early November 2007.

16 The Parties’ relationship soured sometime in the latter half of 2007. BRE
wished to sell its shares in BRO to a company owned by BRE’s founder and
financier, Wee Khen Peng, but KSE would not allow BRE to do so unless it
satisfied an obligation under clause 3.6A of the JVA to provide a
shareholders’ loan of US$400,000 to BRO. On 19 December 2007, KSE wrote to BRO
seeking payment of US$7,784,385, which it claimed was due as a milestone
payment under the BRO contract. In response, BRO wrote to BRE seeking the
US$400,000 shareholders’ loan and a further loan of US$3,700,000 to enable it
to make payment to KSE. BRE replied to BRO on 26 December 2007 declining to
extend either loan and expressing the view that KSE was not entitled to seek
payment because it had breached the JVA by failing to complete the WPU. On the
same day, BRE wrote to KSE purporting to terminate the JVA for KSE’s failure
to deliver the WPU “on time”[note: 10] under the terms of the JVA and the BRO
contract.

Summary of the Parties’ pleadings

BRE’s statement of claim

17 Contrary to the express wording of clause 6.2 of the JVA, BRE pleaded in
its statement of claim that the relevant date by which KSE was to deliver the
WPU was 17 June 2006, and not 9 September 2006:[note: 11]

13.The effect of the Authorisation [Document] being executed on 18 December
2005 and of Clause B(3) of the [BRO contract] was to fix the delivery date for
the WPU as 17 June 2006, and/or to vary by implication the calculation for
delivery set out in Clause 6.2 of the JVA. The calculation in Clause 3.3 of
the Charter Agreement of the delivery date as being in effect in September
2006 was a mistake. It was the common intention of the parties at all material
times up to and including the execution of the Charter Agreement that the WPU
was to be delivered by 17 June 2006. In the circumstances, the Charter
Agreement should be rectified by deleting from Clause 3.3 the words “ _within
six months after the date of this agreement_ ” and substituting the words “
_within six months from 18 December 2005_ ”. [emphasis in original]

18 BRE asked for the Charter Agreement to be rectified to reflect a deadline
of 17 June 2006, but did not do so for the JVA. BRE also pleaded that KSE’s
obligation to use “all reasonable endeavours” was a continuing one:[note: 12]

14.In the premises, [KSE] was obliged to use all reasonable endeavours to
procure that the WPU was constructed and ready for delivery within 6 months of
18 December 2005 i.e. by 17 June 2006 (alternatively, if the Charter Agreement
is not rectified, by 9 September 2006). Further, it was an implied term that
in the event of a delay in delivery, [KSE] would continue to use all
reasonable endeavours to procure delivery of the WPU.

19 BRE then pleaded that in breach of clause 6.2 of the JVA, KSE “failed to
use all reasonable endeavours to procure the construction and delivery of the
WPU by 17 June 2006, or by 9 September 2006, or by the extended delivery
dates, in particular by the final delivery date of 26 October 2006”,[note: 13]
in that:[note: 14]

i.The entire project was poorly organised, mismanaged, and lacking in proper
professional supervision on the part of [KSE].

ii.[KSE] failed to take any or any reasonable steps to select a rig builder
that had or would deploy adequate resources, including manpower, management
and supervision, to construct the WPU on time.

iii.[KSE] failed to take any or any reasonable steps to monitor and/or ensure
that all necessary equipment, e.g. Blow out Preventer (“**BOP** ”), Variable
Frequency Drive (“**VFD** ”) and Top Drive, choke and kill components, and
high pressure piping, were ordered by Oderco and/or delivered to the
construction yard in a timely manner.

iv.[KSE] failed to take any or any reasonable steps to monitor the progress of
the construction of the WPU by Oderco and/or to ensure that the construction
of the WPU was proceeding on schedule and would be delivered on time.

v.[KSE] failed to take any or any reasonable steps to ensure that the rig
manager appointed by [KSE] was getting the necessary information and/or
updates from Oderco on Oderco’s progress.

vi.[KSE] failed to take any or any reasonable steps to ensure that adequate
and/or qualified staff were committed or sent to monitor and/or supervise
Oderco and/or had the necessary experience to monitor and/or supervise Oderco.

vii.[KSE] failed to take any or any reasonable steps to ensure that Oderco
provided the necessary man power [_sic_] and/or resources to support and
complete the construction of the WPU on schedule and ensure its timely
delivery.

viii.[KSE] failed to take any or any reasonable steps to require Oderco to
catch up or otherwise remedy its delays.

ix.[KSE] failed to take any or any reasonable steps to find another rig
builder to construct and deliver the WPU when it became obvious that Oderco
was likely not to be able to deliver the WPU on schedule.

[emphasis in bold in original]

20 BRE further alleged that it was put in breach of its own obligation to
deliver the WPU under the PCSB contract because of KSE’s failure to satisfy
clause 6.2 of the JVA, leading to PCSB’s termination of the PCSB contract.
Consequently, BRE claimed damages for the following losses:[note: 15]

i.Loss of profits and/or dividend payouts and/or incurred expenses which would
have been paid to and/or earned by [BRE] under the terms of the PCSB Contract,
the Charter Agreement and the JVA, … namely:

a.35% of [the] revenue from the PCSB Contract less maintenance and operating
expenses of the WPU …

b.40% (rising to 50% after two years) of the net profit after tax … of BRO for
the duration of the PCSB Contract …

ii.Loss of [BRE’s] 50% share of the residual value of the WPU at the
conclusion of the PCSB Contract.

KSE’s defence

21 KSE denied BRE’s claim that the relevant delivery date under clause 6.2 of
the JVA had been varied and that it was under a continuing obligation to use
all reasonable endeavours to procure the construction and delivery of the WPU
even after the deadline for completing the WPU had lapsed. It maintained that
the relevant delivery date was six months from the execution of the Charter
Agreement. KSE also denied breaching clause 6.2 of the JVA. It pleaded that:

(a) it was not solely responsible for the organisation, management and/or
supervision of the construction of the WPU;

(b) it had not made any representations about Oderco’s suitability;

(c) it had sent constant reminders to Oderco to expedite the construction of
the WPU and to ensure that the WPU would be completed on time;

(d) it would not have been possible to engage another rig builder in place of
Oderco when it became obvious that Oderco was unlikely to be able to deliver
the WPU on schedule;

(e) it had made the necessary milestone payments to Oderco;

(f) it had made payments directly to Oderco’s suppliers to ensure that all
equipment and materials necessary for the construction of the WPU (“critical
equipment”) were delivered to Oderco for the construction of the WPU; and

(g) it had arranged for some of the critical equipment to be airfreighted to
Oderco to shorten the delivery time.

22 KSE further pleaded that in any event, it was indemnified against all
claims by clause 6.6 of the JVA. It also pointed out that PCSB had cited other
reasons in addition to late delivery for the termination of the PCSB contract,
and it therefore could not be concluded that its alleged breach of clause 6.2
of the JVA caused the termination.

KSE’s counterclaim

23 KSE averred that BRE was itself in breach of the JVA on the following
bases:

(a) BRE’s termination of the JVA was wrongful and constituted a repudiatory
breach of the JVA;

(b) BRE breached clause 6.5 of the JVA in failing to: (i) comply with the PCSB
contract; and (ii) ensure that the PCSB contract remained valid, binding and
enforceable on PCSB; and

(c) BRE breached clause 3.6A of the JVA in failing to contribute the sum of
US$400,000 to BRO as a shareholders’ loan.

Accordingly, KSE pleaded for damages to be assessed for the losses arising
from these breaches.

BRE’s defence to KSE’s counterclaim

24 In response to KSE’s counterclaim, BRE denied being in breach of the JVA.
It addressed the issue of the US$400,000 shareholders’ loan by averring that
neither of the Parties had contributed the loan at Completion as required by
clause 3.6A of the JVA, and that neither of them had considered the other
party’s failure to contribute the loan to be a breach of the JVA.

25 BRE also denied that its alleged breaches had caused KSE loss and damage.
Moreover, it claimed that even if it was in breach of the JVA, KSE had waived
the alleged breaches by not terminating the JVA and/or had affirmed the JVA by
continuing to procure the construction and delivery of the WPU at all material
times.

The decision below

26 As the trial was bifurcated, the Judge only had the issue of liability
before her.

27 The Judge first held that in the circumstances of the case, there was
little or no relevant difference between the standard imposed by “all
reasonable endeavours” clauses and that imposed by “best endeavours” clauses.
Accordingly, she applied the “best endeavours” standard set by this court in
_Travista Development Pte Ltd v Tan Kim Swee Augustine and others_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 474 (“ _Travista_ ”) to clause 6.2 of the JVA, and framed the question
which she had to decide in these terms: “whether KSE took all reasonable steps
in good faith which a prudent and determined company, acting in its own
commercial interests and anxious to obtain the required result within the time
allowed, would have taken” (see the Judgment at [69]).

28 The Judge then turned to the date by which KSE was obliged to procure the
construction and delivery of the WPU. She noted the discrepancies in the
various contracts as to when the WPU was to be delivered, and held (at [59] of
the Judgment):

… [I]t was repeatedly demonstrated in numerous contemporaneous documents and
by the conduct of KSE that the parties had carved out and embarked upon a
different course of action in December 2005 before the Oderco Contract was
signed. …

It was therefore found that “[t]he overall contractual objective of the ‘all
reasonable endeavours’ obligation in cl 6.2 of the JVA was … to procure the
construction and delivery of the WPU in June 2006” (see the Judgment at [75]).
While the Judge did not expressly consider what obligations KSE would have
been under beyond this date, she found, with reference to events in October
2006, that “KSE was already in breach of cl 6.2 of the JVA prior to the June 4
[2006] date, and … the breach was ongoing” (see the Judgment at [125]). This
indicates that the Judge was of the view that KSE had to exercise all
reasonable endeavours to procure the construction and delivery of the WPU even
after 20 June 2006 had passed.

29 The Judge then found that the evidence, looked at cumulatively, showed that
KSE had failed to discharge its obligation to use all reasonable endeavours to
procure the construction of the WPU for delivery in June 2006. She found that
the evidence demonstrated that construction of the WPU had already been
irremediably delayed by 21 May 2006 because of KSE’s failure to use all
reasonable endeavours, such that KSE’s subsequent efforts from July to October
2006 to catch up on the delays in construction were belated and futile. She
further held that it was because of KSE’s mismanagement of the Oderco contract
that the WPU was not completed.

30 Turning to the specifics of KSE’s breach, the Judge found that: (a) the
Parties knew that the delivery date under the PCSB contract was very difficult
to meet; and (b) it was KSE, and not BRE, which had control over the
construction of the WPU. The Judge also found that KSE had actively sought
such control and had, in doing so, undertaken to manage the construction and
delivery of the WPU by Oderco by 4 June 2006 so as not to fall foul of PCSB’s
termination date of 21 June 2006. Therefore, “cl 6.2 of the JVA required KSE
to not only put pressure on Oderco, but … also put its available resources to
bear on Oderco in order to realise KSE’s right … to have the WPU delivered by
the June 4 [2006] date” (see the Judgment at [86]). She accepted the evidence
of BRE’s expert that KSE should have provided onsite supervision of the
construction of the WPU from the outset.

31 The Judge found that there were many signs that the construction of the WPU
was not progressing well. In particular:

(a) Oderco was slow in responding to KSE’s queries and demands for information
and key documents;

(b) there were signs that Oderco lacked manpower;

(c) the construction schedules provided by Oderco suggested that key
components of the WPU had not even been purchased as late as April 2006;

(d) Oderco’s estimated date of delivery was continually being postponed;

(e) Oderco was unable to produce purchase orders for key components of the
WPU; and

(f) Oderco was not making claims for milestone payments according to the dates
on which it should have made those claims had the construction of the WPU been
proceeding on schedule.

32 In these circumstances, the Judge held, KSE should not have confined itself
to sending e-mail chasers and making telephone calls to Oderco. Instead, it
should have taken active steps to ascertain the cause of Oderco’s delays and
determine why critical equipment had yet to be purchased. Where it was
apparent that it was taking longer than was acceptable for such equipment to
be delivered, KSE should have pressed for shorter delivery periods.

33 As regards KSE’s argument that there was no causal link between its alleged
breach of the JVA and BRE’s alleged loss arising from the termination of the
PCSB contract, the Judge relied on the decision of the British Columbia
Supreme Court in _Atmospheric Diving Systems Inc v International Hard Suits
Inc and Can-Dive Services Ltd_ [1994] 5 WWR 719 (“ _Atmospheric Diving
Systems_ ”) and held that this was a matter of causation in the context of
damages, which did not excuse KSE from liability. Also relying on _Atmospheric
Diving Systems_ , the Judge found that the onus was on KSE to prove that the
PCSB contract would inevitably have been terminated notwithstanding its
efforts.

34 The Judge held that KSE’s breach had assumed a gravity that went to the
root of the JVA and deprived BRE of substantially the whole benefit of the JVA
which the Parties had intended to confer upon themselves. Accordingly, BRE was
entitled to rescind the JVA and KSE’s counterclaim against BRE for (_inter
alia_) wrongful termination of the JVA failed. The Judge therefore found in
favour of BRE on liability and dismissed KSE’s counterclaim.

The Parties’ respective cases on appeal

KSE’s case

35 Before this court, KSE did not take issue with the Judge’s finding that an
“all reasonable endeavours” clause could impose as onerous an obligation as a
“best endeavours” clause. However, it argued that such clauses must not be
considered in isolation, but should instead be considered in the context of
the whole document in which they appeared. Since the Parties had used three
different formulations of non-absolute obligations (namely, “reasonable
endeavours”, “all reasonable endeavours” and “best endeavours”) in different
parts of the JVA, there was a presumption that they had adopted “tiered-
obligations” for the three types of “endeavours” clauses, with each type of
“endeavours” clause imposing a different standard of conduct. KSE submitted
that the principles applicable to clause 6.2 of the JVA were as follows:

(a) an undertaking to use “all reasonable endeavours” was not a warranty to
procure the contractually-stipulated outcome;

(b) where there was an insuperable obstacle to procuring the contractually-
stipulated outcome, it was irrelevant that there might be other obstacles
which could be overcome, or in respect of which the obligor had not done all
that it could reasonably be expected to have done in order to try to overcome;
and

(c) the obligor was entitled to take into account its own interests.

In any event, KSE submitted that it had satisfied both the “all reasonable
endeavours” and the “best endeavours” standards.

36 Turning to the issue of breach, KSE argued that the Judge erred in finding
that the situation was one of “immense urgency” (at [90] of the Judgment) and,
consequently, wrongly imposed on KSE the obligation to act as a project
manager. KSE submitted that its obligations should be determined by reference
to the terms of the Oderco contract, which merely provided for site visits and
not onsite supervision during the construction of the WPU. In monitoring the
construction of the WPU in accordance with the level of access provided for in
the Oderco contract, KSE’s efforts were in line with the Parties’ intentions.
KSE also submitted that the root of Oderco’s problems was a lack of funds. KSE
had remedied this by loaning money to Oderco and making direct payments to
Oderco’s suppliers.

37 On the issue of causation, KSE argued that even if it had breached clause
6.2 of the JVA, BRE had to prove that but for such breach, the WPU would have
been built by 12 April 2007 and the PCSB contract would not have been
terminated. KSE submitted that the Judge’s reliance on _Atmospheric Diving
Systems_ was incorrect and at odds with precedent. Further, if it could not be
said that KSE’s alleged breach of clause 6.2 had caused the termination of the
PCSB contract, it followed that this alleged breach was not such as to have
deprived BRE of substantially the whole benefit of the JVA. Accordingly, BRE
would not have been entitled to terminate the JVA. On the facts, KSE
contended, Oderco’s tardiness was such that onsite supervision would not have
made a difference anyway. Moreover, some of the delay could be attributed to
the changes made to the design of the WPU as construction progressed. In
addition, anything KSE might have done would also ultimately have been futile
for the simple fact that a crucial piece of critical equipment, which arrived
only on 23 January 2007, could not have been procured by an earlier date.

BRE’s case

38 BRE, on its part, submitted that an obligor who was bound by an “all
reasonable endeavours” or “best endeavours” clause had to continue using such
endeavours until they had all been exhausted and going on would have been mere
repetition. Further, account would have to be taken of events as they
occurred. Although BRE accepted that an obligor was not expected to sacrifice
its interests in performing its obligations, it submitted that an obligor
could not satisfy its obligations merely through financial expenditure.

39 BRE rejected KSE’s contention that its obligations were to be determined by
reference to the provisions of the Oderco contract. BRE asserted that KSE
should have: (a) deployed an onsite supervision team from the outset; (b) put
in place a recovery plan once it became clear that Oderco was not performing
as agreed; (c) procured critical equipment itself; and (d) sent additional
help to ensure that the WPU was completed on time. BRE submitted that the
evidence showed that the WPU could have been completed within a year, and
denied that it was design variations that had caused the delay.

40 As regards causation, BRE submitted that loss occurred upon non-delivery of
the WPU and it was not necessary to consider whether the PCSB contract would
have been terminated if KSE had not been in breach of clause 6.2 of the JVA.
However, it would be open to KSE to argue, at the assessment of damages, that
BRE had suffered little or no loss as a result of KSE’s breach.

The issues before this court

41 The following issues arise for consideration in this appeal:

(a) the correct interpretation of “endeavours” clauses in general, and of “all
reasonable endeavours” in clause 6.2 of the JVA in particular;

(b) whether KSE breached clause 6.2 of the JVA;

(c) if KSE did indeed breach clause 6.2 of the JVA, whether such breach caused
BRE loss; and

(d) KSE’s counterclaim.

These issues will now be considered _seriatim_.

Interpretation of “endeavours” clauses

The approach to interpreting “endeavours” clauses

42 A contract will usually impose an obligation on a party to do something.
The obligation may be absolute or non-absolute (_ie_ , qualified). An example
of an absolute obligation in a contract is: Party A shall deliver a pen to me
by tomorrow. An example of a non-absolute obligation is: Party A shall use
reasonable endeavours to deliver a pen to me by tomorrow. In the latter
example, the obligation is qualified by the phrase “reasonable endeavours”. A
party under an absolute obligation undertakes to achieve a result, whereas a
party under a non-absolute obligation merely undertakes to try to achieve a
result in accordance with a particular standard of conduct (_eg_ , reasonable
endeavours). Non-absolute obligations may be desirable where the obligation
requires the party concerned to procure the doing of something by a third
party over whom he may not be able to exercise absolute control. Another
situation where non-absolute obligations may be desirable is where a party is
unwilling to undertake an absolute obligation to do something by a specific
time.

43 Various phrases such as “reasonable endeavours”, “all reasonable
endeavours” and “best endeavours” are widely used to formulate non-absolute
obligations. The usage of these phrases seems to suggest that each of these
phrases connotes a different standard of conduct which the obligor has to
meet. However, there seems to be no consensus on the meaning of these phrases.

44 At the outset, it should be noted that where phrases such as “reasonable
endeavours”, “all reasonable endeavours” and “best endeavours” are used in
written agreements, the court’s role is to interpret these phrases.
Contractual interpretation denotes “the process of uncovering meaning in and
seeking to understand a [written contract] where there is some doubt or room
for a difference of opinion” (see _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [41]).
In this regard, the general principle is that the court will ascertain the
meaning which the expressions used in the contract in question would convey to
a reasonable person having all the background knowledge which would reasonably
have been available to the parties at the time of the contract (see, _eg_ ,
_Sandar Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd (trading as Mount Elizabeth
Hospital) and another_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 891 at [35]–[37], citing _Investors
Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1 WLR 896 at
912–913).

45 Since any contract is a consensual arrangement between particular parties
made against the background of particular circumstances, it is not difficult
for the court to distinguish a previous court decision on the meaning of a
particular phrase when a similar phrase is used in a different contract based
on a different set of circumstances. Notwithstanding this, decisions on the
meaning and effect of certain commonly-used phrases provide authoritative
guidance on the _prima facie_ meaning of similar phrases when they are used in
documents that are intended to have legal effect. This is especially so
because the contracting parties would have taken into account the general law
in reaching their agreement. Furthermore, attributing such _prima facie_
meanings to similar phrases (_ie_ , phrases similar to commonly-used phrases)
promotes commercial certainty. Hence, unless there is a contrary and
objectively-ascertained intention on the part of the parties, the court will
generally assume that in using similar phrases in their contract, the parties
intended these phrases to bear their _prima facie_ meaning. It is against this
backdrop that we proceed to review the case law on “reasonable endeavours”,
“all reasonable endeavours” and “best endeavours” clauses.

Review of the case law

The standard imposed by “best endeavours” clauses

46 The phrase “all reasonable endeavours” has not previously been considered
by this court. However, the interpretation of the phrase “best endeavours” was
authoritatively set out by this court in _Travista_ (at [22]):

… A best endeavours clause in a contract obliges the covenantor to “take all
those reasonable steps which a prudent and determined man, acting in his own
interests and anxious to obtain planning permission [or to perform such other
applicable obligation], would have taken” (see _IBM United Kingdom Ltd v
Rockware Glass Ltd_ [1980] FSR 335 (“ _IBM v Rockware_ ”) at 345; referred to
in _Justlogin Pte Ltd v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 118
at [47]). As Kan Ting Chiu J stated succinctly in _Ong Khim Heng Daniel v
Leonie Court Pte Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 670 (“ _Ong Khim Heng Daniel_ ”) at
[42]:

A covenant to use best endeavours is not a warranty to produce the desired
results. It does not require the covenantor to drop everything and attend to
the matter at once; the promise is to use the best endeavours to obtain the
result _within the agreed time_. Nor does it require the covenantor to do
everything conceivable; _the duty is discharged by doing everything reasonable
in good faith with a view to obtaining the required result within the time
allowed_. …

The test to determine whether a party has exercised its best endeavours is an
objective one. But, it is also a composite test in that the covenantor may
also take into account its own interests. While the covenantor has a duty to
use its best endeavours to perform its contractual undertaking within the
agreed time, the duty is discharged upon the covenantor “doing everything
reasonable in good faith with a view to obtaining the required result within
the time allowed” (_per_ Kan J in _Ong Khim Heng Daniel_ at [42]). This test
also involves a question of fact. …

[emphasis and inserted text in square brackets in original]

47 _Travista_ lays down the following propositions regarding a “best
endeavours” obligation:

(a) The obligor has a duty to do everything reasonable in good faith with a
view to procuring the contractually-stipulated outcome within the time
allowed. This involves taking all those reasonable steps which a prudent and
determined man, acting in the interests of _the obligee_ (see further [52]
below) and anxious to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome within the
available time, would have taken.

(b) The test for determining whether a “best endeavours” obligation has been
fulfilled is an objective test.

(c) In fulfilling its obligation, the obligor can take into account its own
interests.

(d) A “best endeavours” obligation is not a warranty to procure the
contractually-stipulated outcome.

(e) The amount or extent of “endeavours” required of the obligor is determined
with reference to the available time for procuring the contractually-
stipulated outcome; the obligor is not required to drop everything and attend
to the matter at once.

(f) Where breach of a “best endeavours” obligation is alleged, a fact-
intensive inquiry will have to be carried out.

48 The position taken by this court in _Travista_ is generally in line with
the English position. However, the test laid down in _Travista_ (“the
_Travista_ test”) allows the obligor to take into account its own interests
and represents a slight departure from some English cases in so far as those
cases appear to suggest that the obligor is in a _quasi_ -fiduciary position
_vis-à-vis_ the obligee and must therefore completely align its interests with
the latter’s interests. Two such cases shall be discussed.

49 The first is _Sheffield District Railway Company v Great Central Railway
Company_ (1911) 27 TLR 451 (“ _Sheffield District Railway_ ”). In that case,
the lessee of a railway line agreed to use its “best endeavours” to develop
traffic on the leased railway line. The lessee operated two other railway
lines that were apparently of greater length and importance than the leased
railway line. The lessor charged that the lessee had favoured the other
railway lines to the detriment of traffic on the leased railway line. The
court stated (at 452 _per_ A T Lawrence J):

… We think “best endeavours” means what the words say; they do not mean
second-best endeavours. … They do not mean that the Great Central [the lessee
of the railway line] must so conduct its business as to offend its traders and
drive them to competing routes. _They do not mean that the limits of reason
must be overstepped with regard to the cost of the services; but short of
these qualifications the words mean that the Great Central Company must,
broadly speaking, leave no stone unturned to develop the traffic on the
[leased railway] line._

The Great Central has assumed a _quasi_ -fiduciary position towards the
[lessor of the railway line], a position similar to that of a bailiff or
agent, and they are bound to treat the [lessor] at least as well as they treat
themselves. …

[emphasis added]

50 _Sheffield District Railway_ is in line with the _Travista_ test in so far
as the injunction to “leave no stone unturned”, subject to the qualifications
mentioned in the above quotation, mirrors the standard of “all those
reasonable steps which a prudent and determined man, acting in his own [_ie_ ,
the obligee’s] interests and anxious to [procure the contractually-stipulated
outcome within the available time], would have taken” (see _Travista_ at [22],
citing _IBM United Kingdom Ltd v Rockware Glass Ltd_ [1980] FSR 335 (“ _IBM
United Kingdom_ ”) at 345). However, _Sheffield District Railway_ appears to
go somewhat further than _Travista_ in that the obligor was held to have
assumed a _quasi_ -fiduciary position towards the obligee such that the
obligor could not subordinate the obligee’s interests to its own interests.
That said, in clarifying that the obligor did not have to exceed “the limits
of reason” in terms of the costs incurred in performing its obligations and
could have regard to its relationship with its other business partners,
_Sheffield District Railway_ allows the obligor to take into account its own
interests. Thus, any divergence between _Travista_ and _Sheffield District
Railway_ is more apparent than real.

51 The second case which appears to take the _quasi_ -fiduciary approach is
the English Court of Appeal decision of _IBM United Kingdom_ , upon which the
_Travista_ test is based. In that case, the purchaser of a property (“IBM”)
was obliged by the sale and purchase agreement to use its best endeavours to
obtain planning permission for the development of the property. Such
permission was sought and refused, but there was recourse to an appeal to the
Secretary of State. IBM did not pursue such an appeal, and sought a
declaration as to the extent of its obligation to use best endeavours. The
English Court of Appeal held that “best endeavours” should be understood to
mean that “the purchaser is to do all he reasonably can to ensure that the
planning permission is granted” (at 339). As to what steps IBM should have
taken to obtain planning permission, Buckley LJ (with whom Geoffrey Lane and
Goff LJJ agreed) set the standard in the following terms (at 343):

… In my judgment the test must be: what would an owner of the property with
which we are concerned in this case, who was anxious to obtain planning
permission, do to achieve that end? … [The obligors] are bound to take all
those steps in their power which are capable of producing the desired results,
namely the obtaining of planning permission, being steps which a prudent,
determined and reasonable owner, acting in his own interests and desiring to
achieve that result, would take. …

52 Importantly, Buckley LJ clarified (at 349) that the phrase “acting in his
own interests” in the above quotation meant acting in _the obligee’s_
interests, and not the interests of “somebody who is under a contractual
obligation”, _ie_ , the obligor. As can be seen from [46]–[47] above, the test
applied in _IBM United Kingdom_ was largely adopted in _Travista_ : an obligor
under a “best endeavours” obligation is to take all those reasonable steps
which a prudent and determined man, acting in the interests of _the obligee_
and anxious to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome within the
available time, would have taken. However, the _Travista_ test adds that the
obligor can take into account its own interests in fulfilling its “best
endeavours” obligation. We do not think that the English Court of Appeal set
out to state in _IBM United Kingdom_ that the obligor is to act _only_ in the
interests of the obligee and cannot take into account its own interests. In
any case, to the extent that _IBM United Kingdom_ may be interpreted as such,
the _Travista_ test has departed from it.

53 On the facts of _IBM United Kingdom_ , the English Court of Appeal held
that if planning permission were at first refused and if an appeal to the
Secretary of State would have a reasonable chance of success, it could not be
said that best endeavours had been used to obtain planning permission if no
appeal were made. This indicates that the obligor must pursue all courses of
action with a reasonable likelihood of success in procuring the contractually-
stipulated outcome.

Do “all reasonable endeavours” clauses impose the same standard as “best
endeavours” clauses?

54 As stated earlier, the phrase “all reasonable endeavours” has not
previously been considered by this court. There is some suggestion in a number
of English cases that “all reasonable endeavours” clauses do not impose the
same standard of conduct as “best endeavours” clauses. Two such cases shall be
referred to here.

55 The first is _UBH (Mechanical Services) Ltd v Standard Life Assurance Co_
The Times (13 November 1986) (“ _UBH_ ”), which involved a “reasonable
endeavours” clause. Rougier J opined in _obiter dicta_ that the three types of
“endeavours” clauses – namely, “reasonable endeavours”, “all reasonable
endeavours” and “best endeavours” clauses – ranked in increasing levels of
onerousness:

… [I]f I had to decide the matter I would have been prepared to say that the
phrase “all reasonable endeavours” is probably a middle position somewhere
between the other two, implying something more than reasonable endeavours but
less than best endeavours.

However, Rougier J did not explain how and why the three types of “endeavours”
clauses differed. He also proceeded to refer to cases on “ _best_ endeavours”
clauses for the proposition that the obligor, in exercising _reasonable_
endeavours to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome, was entitled to
weigh its contractual obligation against all the relevant commercial
considerations which prevailed.

56 The second case which suggests that “all reasonable endeavours” clauses and
“best endeavours” clauses differ in standard is _Jolley v Carmel Ltd_ [2000] 2
EGLR 153 (“ _Jolley (HC)_ ”), where an implied obligation to use “reasonable
endeavours” was alleged. Kim Lewison QC (the notable author of Kim Lewison,
_The Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet and Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2011), whose
name surfaces repeatedly in the relevant cases), sitting as a deputy judge of
the English High Court, opined in _obiter dicta_ that the phrases “reasonable
efforts”, “all reasonable efforts” and “best endeavours” denoted a spectrum of
obligations, with “reasonable efforts” being at “the lowest end of the
spectrum” (at 159):

… Where a contract is conditional upon the grant of some permission, the
courts often imply terms about obtaining it. There is a spectrum of possible
implications. The implication might be one to use best endeavours to obtain it
…, to use all reasonable efforts to obtain it … or to use reasonable efforts
to do so. The term alleged in this case [_viz_ , “reasonable endeavours”] is
at the lowest end of the spectrum.

Once again, the distinctions and the reasons for the distinctions between the
three different types of “endeavours” clauses were not explained.

57 On the other hand, three other UK cases (two English and one Scottish)
suggest that there is no meaningful difference between “all reasonable
endeavours” obligations and “best endeavours” obligations.

58 The first in this series of cases is _Oversea Buyers Ltd v Granadex SA_
[1980] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 608, where a party attempted to fault an arbitral
tribunal for making a finding that the obligor had done “all that could
reasonably be expected of [it]”, instead of determining whether the obligor
had used its “best endeavours”. In response, Mustill J observed (at 613) that
he could:

… frankly see no substance at all in this argument. Perhaps the words “best
endeavours” in a statute or contract mean something different from doing all
that can reasonably be expected – although I cannot think what the difference
might be. (The unreported decision of the Court of Appeal in _I.B.M. United
Kingdom Ltd. v. Rockwell Glass Ltd._ , upon which the buyers relied, does not
to my mind suggest that such a difference exists; see p. 7 of the transcript.)

59 The second case is the decision of the Outer House of the Scottish Court of
Session in _EDI Central Ltd v National Car Parks Ltd_ [2011] SLT 75 (“ _EDI_
”), where Lord Glennie opined (at [20]):

… I accept the submission that the obligation to use “all reasonable
endeavours” is a more onerous obligation than one simply to use “reasonable
endeavours”. I do not have to consider whether or not it is the same as one to
use “best endeavours”, though I would have thought that any difference is
likely to be metaphysical rather than practical. It is difficult to conceive
that an obligation to use “best endeavours” requires a party to take steps
which are _ex hypothesi_ unreasonable. …

60 The third case is _Rhodia International Holdings Ltd & Anor v Huntsman
International LLC_ [2007] 1 CLC 59 (“ _Rhodia_ ”). There, Julian Flaux QC,
sitting as a deputy judge of the English High Court, held (at [33]):

I am not convinced that (apart from that decision of Rougier J [in _UBH_]) any
of the judges in the cases upon which [counsel] relied were directing their
minds specifically to the issue whether ‘best endeavours’ and ‘reasonable
endeavours’ mean the same thing. **_As a matter of language and business
common sense, untrammelled by authority, one would surely conclude that they
did not._** This is because there may be a number of reasonable courses which
could be taken in a given situation to achieve a particular aim. **An
obligation to use reasonable endeavours to achieve the aim probably only
requires a party to take one reasonable course, not all of them, whereas an
obligation to use best endeavours probably requires a party to take all the
reasonable courses he can.****_In that context, it may well be that an
obligation to use_** _all_** _reasonable endeavours equates with using best
endeavours and it seems to me that is essentially what Mustill J is saying in
[_****Oversea Buyers**** __****v Granadex SA**** _[1980] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 608].
One has a similar sense from a later passage at the end of the judgment of
Buckley LJ in_****IBM v Rockware Glass**** _at 343_** , to which [counsel]
drew my attention. [original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold
italics]

61 Although Mr Flaux QC was of the view that an obligation to use “reasonable
endeavours” was clearly distinct from one to use “best endeavours”, he was
open to the possibility that an “ _all_ reasonable endeavours” obligation
might impose the same standard of conduct as a “best endeavours” obligation.
However, he did not settle on a definite view on the matter, and merely made
reference to that section of _Jolley (HC)_ quoted at [56] above (see [34] of
_Rhodia_):

That there is a distinction between best endeavours and reasonable endeavours
and that the latter is less stringent than the former is not only supported by
the decision of Rougier J in _UBH_ but by the decision of Kim Lewison QC
sitting as a deputy High Court judge in _Jolley v Carmel Ltd_ [2000] 2 EGLR
154 … At p 159 the judge said:

‘Where a contract is conditional upon the grant of some permission, the courts
often imply terms about obtaining it. There is a spectrum of possible
implications. The implication might be one to use best endeavours to obtain it
…, to use all reasonable efforts to obtain it … or to use reasonable efforts
to do so. The term alleged in this case [to use reasonable efforts] is at the
lowest end of the spectrum.’

…

62 Notwithstanding the fact that the cases do not speak with one voice as to
whether an “all reasonable endeavours” obligation imposes the same standard of
conduct as a “best endeavours” obligation, we are of the view that the Judge
was correct to hold that “there is little or no relevant difference between
the standard constituted by the formulation ‘all reasonable endeavours’ and
that constituted by the formulation ‘best endeavours’” (see [55] of the
Judgment). Like the Judge, we do not find it useful to distinguish an “all
reasonable endeavours” obligation from a “best endeavours” obligation.
Perhaps, lawyers may occasionally perceive an apparent spectral difference
between these two types of “endeavours” obligations due to the difference in
their wording. However, without the parties specifying how these two types of
“endeavours” obligations differ and what steps are required to fulfil each
type of “endeavours” obligation, any attempt to draw a distinction between
them would merely be a pointless hair-splitting exercise. Any differences
between “all reasonable endeavours” obligations and “best endeavours”
obligations are likely to be more metaphysical than practical (see above at
[59]). We therefore hold that the test for determining whether an “all
reasonable endeavours” obligation has been fulfilled should ordinarily be the
same as the test for determining whether a “best endeavours” obligation has
been fulfilled, _ie_ , the _Travista_ test (see above at [46]–[47]) should
apply in both situations. This test should ordinarily apply even if the
parties use a variation of the phrase “all reasonable endeavours” or “best
endeavours” (as the case may be). However, the test may not be entirely
applicable where the parties expressly stipulate the steps which are to be
taken by the obligor to discharge its “all reasonable endeavours” or “best
endeavours” obligation. In that scenario, the inquiry would be centred on
whether the stipulated steps have been taken. It also bears emphasis that
whether an “all reasonable endeavours” or “best endeavours” obligation has
been fulfilled can only be ascertained through a fact-intensive inquiry.

63 We accept that an “all reasonable endeavours” obligation is ordinarily more
onerous than a “reasonable endeavours” obligation. This is because the latter
might require the obligor to take only one reasonable course of action, and
not all of them. A “reasonable endeavours” obligation is also not subject to
the standard laid down in _Travista_ (at [22]) of “all those reasonable steps
which a prudent and determined man, acting in [the obligee’s] interests and
anxious to [procure the contractually-stipulated outcome within the available
time], would have taken”. An obligor under a “reasonable endeavours”
obligation merely has to act reasonably to procure the contractually-
stipulated outcome, and we do not find it helpful to define the applicable
standard any further than that. Such an obligor may well (depending on the
circumstances) have to take steps which the prudent and determined man posited
in the _Travista_ test would take, but it need not necessarily do so as long
as whatever it does to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome is
reasonable.

64 At this juncture, we observe that the position which we have taken at [62]
above is similar to the Australian position in that the Australian courts do
not appear to draw any real distinction between a “best endeavours” obligation
and an “all reasonable endeavours” obligation, even though the Australian test
for determining whether a “best endeavours” obligation has been satisfied
seems to be slightly different from the _Travista_ test. We shall now turn to
two Australian cases.

65 The first is _Transfield Pty Ltd v Arlo International Ltd_ (1980) 144 CLR
83 (“ _Transfield Pty Ltd_ ”), where a licensee covenanted to “at all times …
use its best endeavours in and towards the design fabrication installation and
selling of the ARLO PTL pole [a piece of equipment used for erecting power
transmission lines] throughout the licensed territory” (at 87). The licensee
submitted a tender to the Electricity Commission of New South Wales for the
construction of a high-voltage transmission line for part of a larger project
between Wallerawang and Sydney. The Electricity Commission expressed doubts
about the use of ARLO poles because difficulties had previously been
encountered when such poles were last used in Australia. The licensee decided
to overcome these apprehensions by using a substitute pole of its own
devising. The Australian High Court had to consider the narrow issue of
whether the “best endeavours” clause in question prevented the licensee from
using its own substitute for the ARLO pole, for the clause would be void for
falling foul of two Australian statutory provisions if that were indeed its
correct interpretation.

66 Mason J referred to the English High Court decision of _Terrell v Mabie
Todd & Coy Ld_ (1952) 69 RPC 234 (“ _Terrell_ ”), where it was held (at 237)
that a “best endeavours” clause required the obligor to “do what [it] could
reasonably do in the circumstances”. He concluded (at 101 of _Transfield Pty
Ltd_):

… A “best endeavours” clause thus prescribes a standard of endeavour which is
measured by what is reasonable in the circumstances, having regard to the
nature, capacity, qualifications and responsibilities of the licensee viewed
in the light of the particular contract. So understood, cl 7 of the Agreement
required the [licensee] to use _all its efforts_ and skills towards the
design, fabrication, installation and selling of the ARLO pole _to the extent
that it was reasonable to do so in the circumstances_ … [emphasis added]

67 Wilson J likewise relied upon English cases (at 107 of _Transfield Pty
Ltd_):

It is true, of course, that the obligations undertaken by the [licensee] under
these covenants were substantial: cf. _Terrell v. Mabie Todd & Co. Ltd._
(1952) 69 RPC 234. It was obliged to do all that could reasonably be expected
of it having regard to the circumstances of its business operations: _B. Davis
Ltd. v. Tooth & Co. Ltd._ [1937] 4 All ER 118, at p 128. In the circumstances
of this case, the clause required the [licensee] to do its best honestly to
advance to the Electricity Commission of New South Wales the claims of the
Arlo pole as a suitable and desirable product for the Wallerawang project. It
should not have held back any consideration which might attract a decision in
its favour. But it remained free to submit a tender based on the use of its
own pole. It was not obliged to deny to the Electricity Commission a choice of
poles, nor to keep secret the virtues of its own product. I see no reason why
it was not possible for the [licensee] honestly to use its best endeavours in
favour of the Arlo pole while at the same time making it possible for the
prospective purchaser to choose its own. The test is whether it has given the
Arlo pole every chance consistent with its merits.

68 The second Australian case which we wish to draw attention to is _Hospital
Products Limited v United States Surgical Corporation and others_ (1984) 156
CLR 41, a decision of the High Court of Australia on an implied term to use
“best efforts” to promote the sale of certain goods. Gibbs CJ made the
following observations (at 64):

The implied obligation to use best efforts to promote the sale of the goods
necessarily imported the obligation not to take any deliberate steps to damage
the market for those goods in Australia. _The meaning of terms of this kind
has been considered in a number of cases, but it is trite to say that the
meaning of particular words in a contract must be determined in the light of
the context provided by the contract as a whole and the circumstances in which
it was made, and that decisions on the effect of the same words in a different
context must be viewed with caution_. On the one hand, an express promise by
an agent to use his best endeavours to obtain orders for another and to
influence business on his behalf “necessarily includes an obligation not to
hinder or prevent the fulfilment of its purpose”: _Shepherd v. Felt and
Textiles of Australia Ltd._ [(1931) 45 CLR 359]. On the other hand, an
obligation to use “best endeavours” does not require the person who undertakes
the obligation to go beyond the bounds of reason; he is required to do all he
reasonably can in the circumstances to achieve the contractual object, but no
more: _Sheffield District Railway …_ ; _Terrell_ … [emphasis added]

69 Mason J elucidated the rational for “best efforts” clauses as follows (at
91–92):

A best efforts clause is not an uncommon feature of a distributorship
agreement. However, it is unusual to include in the clause a provision that
the promissor [_sic_] will use his best efforts for the common benefit of both
parties. It is a clause ordinarily inserted in a contract between parties at
arm’s length, designed to give protection to one party by imposing an
obligation on the other to promote the sales of the first party’s products.
The extent of the obligation thereby imposed is governed by what is reasonable
in the circumstances: _Transfield Pty. Ltd. v. Arlo International Ltd._ … In
_Transfield_ a tender by a licensee based on its use of its own product
instead of the product of its licensor was held not to be a breach of a best
efforts clause. However, in other cases sale of competing products has been
regarded as a breach: see, e.g., _Randall v. Peerless Motor Car Co._ [(1912)
99 NE 221]; _Paige v. Faure_ [(1920) 127 NE 898)]. _To say that the promise
was to be performed to or for the common benefit of both parties is to
overlook the qualification of reasonableness usually associated with a best
efforts promise. The qualification itself is aimed at situations in which
there would be a conflict between the obligation to use best efforts and the
independent business interests of the distributor_ [_ie_ , the promisor] _and
has the object of resolving those conflicts by the standard of
reasonableness._ Its effect here is to modify the obligation to distribute
(and service) [the promisee’s] surgical stapling products and to build up the
market for them by reference to what is reasonable in the circumstances, in
particular the situation of the distributor. It therefore involves a
recognition that the interests of [the promisee] could not be paramount in
every case and that in some cases the interests of the distributor would
prevail. This qualification of the promise, unlike the common benefit
qualification, does not attribute to the distributorship the characteristics
of a joint venture. [emphasis added]

The operation and extent of “all reasonable endeavours” obligations

70 With the foregoing points in mind, we now turn to some cases which shed
light on the operation and extent of an “all reasonable endeavours”
obligation. These cases also show that the prevailing approach to “all
reasonable endeavours” obligations has generally been indistinguishable from
the approach of this court to “best endeavours” obligations in _Travista_.

71 The first case which we wish to discuss in this regard is _A P Stephen v
Scottish Boatowners Mutual Insurance Association (The “Talisman”)_ [1989] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 535 (“ _The Talisman_ ”), a decision of the House of Lords
involving the interpretation of an “all reasonable endeavours” clause. The
claimant was the owner of a fishing vessel and the defendant, his insurer. One
of the clauses in the insurance contract stated that “[t]he Association shall
not be liable for any claim for loss or damage when the insured making such
claim has not used all reasonable endeavours to save his vessel from such loss
or damage” (at 536).

72 The claimant’s fishing vessel sank after taking on water. The defendant
refused to indemnify the claimant on the basis that he should have: (a) closed
the valves through which water was pumped into the vessel; and (b) sent a
mayday call. The House of Lords unanimously held that the standard by which
the claimant’s conduct was to be assessed was that of what an ordinarily
competent fishing boat skipper might reasonably be expected to do in the same
circumstances (at 539 _per_ Lord Keith of Kinkel):

The question whether the taking of a particular course of action would have
constituted a reasonable endeavour to save the vessel is essentially one for
the judgment of the Court, to be arrived at upon an evaluation of all the
evidence, which where appropriate may include expert evidence. The test is an
objective one, directed to ascertaining what an ordinarily competent fishing
boat skipper might reasonably be expected to do in the same circumstances. …

73 This approach is somewhat different from that taken in _Travista_ , in that
the House of Lords had regard to an ordinarily competent fishing boat skipper
without any mention of the attributes which he was deemed to have. There was
no mention that the ordinarily competent fishing boat skipper was deemed to be
a prudent and determined man, acting in the interests of the obligee and
anxious to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome within the available
time. There was also no mention of the degree to which such a skipper would
have desired to save his vessel from loss or damage. There was, therefore,
less of an attempt to align the obligor’s interests with the obligee’s
interests. However, it need hardly be said that the ordinarily competent
fishing boat skipper would naturally have desired to save his vessel, subject
to his other duties to, say, his crew and other vessels in the area (as can be
seen from _Terrell_ and _Rackham v Peek Foods Ltd_ [1990] BCLC 895, an
individual obliged to exercise “best endeavours” is nevertheless entitled to
have regard to his pre-existing duties). In other words, it was implied in
_The Talisman_ that the steps which an ordinarily competent fishing boat
skipper would have taken to save his vessel would be the same as those steps
which a prudent and determined man, acting in the interests of the obligee and
anxious to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome within the available
time, would have taken. If that is the correct understanding, _Travista_ and
_The Talisman_ are not inconsistent.

74 _The Talisman_ also stands for two other propositions. First, the use of
“an ordinarily competent fishing boat skipper” – in essence, the prudent and
determined man described at [22] of _Travista_ – as the relevant benchmark
indicates that the obligor is to be held to an objective standard. Second, the
House of Lords stated that in asking whether an ordinarily competent fishing
boat skipper would reasonably be expected to have attempted to close the
vessel’s valves, it “has to be considered first whether such a skipper would
have appreciated that such action would offer a significant prospect of saving
the vessel” (at 540). Thus, the obligor need only do that which has a
significant prospect of success in procuring the contractually-stipulated
outcome. This is consonant with the standard imposed by a “best endeavours”
obligation, inasmuch as an obligor who is prudent, determined, acting in the
interests of the obligee and anxious to procure the contractually-stipulated
outcome within the available time would not do that which is futile. It may be
added that the likelihood of success must be balanced against the costs of the
endeavour: a course of action with a low likelihood of success but only a
negligible cost would be pursued by the reasonable person. Similarly, an
action with a significant prospect of success need not be pursued if it would,
for example, increase the risk of casualties being suffered. We endorse these
two propositions.

75 The second case discussing the operation and extent of an “all reasonable
endeavours” obligation is the English High Court’s decision in _Yewbelle
Limited v London Green Developments Limited, Knightsbridge Green Limited_
[2007] 1 EGLR 137 (“ _Yewbelle (HC)_ ”). That case involved the sale of a
property which was conditional on the seller entering into an agreement with
the local authority on a stated set of terms (“the prescribed agreement”). The
seller was obliged to use “all reasonable endeavours” to obtain that
agreement. The prescribed agreement was not concluded with the local
authority, and the seller was accused of failing to meet its obligations. It
should be noted that Lewison J appeared to have used the words “reasonable
endeavours” and “all reasonable endeavours” interchangeably in his judgment,
even though the clause in question in _Yewbelle (HC)_ was an “all reasonable
endeavours” clause.

76 On the issue of whether the obligor was obliged to sacrifice its commercial
interests in fulfilling its obligations, Lewison J referred to the decision of
the English Court of Appeal in _Phillips Petroleum Co UK Ltd & Ors v Enron
Europe Ltd_ [1997] CLC 329 (“ _Phillips Petroleum_ ”). The contract in
_Phillips Petroleum_ was a gas sales agreement under which the sellers and the
buyer were to use “reasonable endeavours” to agree to the date on which the
sellers would commence deliveries of gas to the buyer. It was argued that each
party was under an obligation to reach agreement, having regard only to
criteria of technical and operational practicability and without regard to
selfish or commercial motives. The English Court of Appeal rejected that
argument. Kennedy LJ said (at 342):

… I find it impossible to say that they [_ie_ , the contractual terms] impose
on the buyer a contractual obligation to disregard the financial effect on
him, and indeed everything else other than technical or operational
practicality, when deciding how to discharge his obligation to use reasonable
endeavours to agree to a commission date prior to 25 September 1996. If the
obligation were to be strait-jacketed in that way, that is something which to
my mind would have been expressly stated …

77 Potter LJ referred to the extensive negotiations and careful drafting
behind the contract in question, and opined (at 342) that there was:

… no reason to suppose that it was the expectation, let alone the obligation,
of the parties that, in any area of activity in which room was left for
manoeuvre or further negotiation, they were not at liberty to take into
account their own financial position and act in the manner most beneficial to
them, short of bad faith or breach of an express term of the contract.

On the strength of _Phillips Petroleum_ , Lewison J held in _Yewbelle (HC)_
that an obligor was not required to sacrifice its own commercial interests in
performing its obligations (at [122]). _Yewbelle (HC)_ therefore supports the
proposition that regardless of whether an obligor owes a “reasonable
endeavours” obligation or an “all reasonable endeavours” obligation, it need
not sacrifice its own commercial interests in at least one situation, namely,
where the parties are obliged to come to an agreement. We note here that an
obligor’s commercial interests can be equated with its financial interests,
and we shall use these two terms (_viz_ , “commercial interests” and
“financial interests”) interchangeably in this judgment.

78 In _Yewbelle (HC)_ , Lewison J also accepted that an “all reasonable
endeavours” obligation required the obligor to use endeavours to the point
where _all_ reasonable endeavours had been exhausted (at [123]):

… [T]he obligation to use reasonable endeavours [as noted above, the learned
judge omitted the word “all” even though the clause before him was an “all
reasonable endeavours” clause] requires you to go on using endeavours until
the point is reached when all reasonable endeavours have been exhausted. You
would simply be repeating yourself to go through the same matters again.

However, he also added the qualification that account must be taken of events
as they unfolded, including extraordinary events (at [123]). Moreover, Lewison
J accepted that an obligor need not take any particular step unless that step
had “a real prospect of success” (at [128]) in procuring the contractually-
stipulated outcome. He listed various matters which, on the facts of _Yewbelle
(HC)_ , could have been raised with the local authority to persuade it to
enter into the prescribed agreement, and held that “I do not think that I can
conclude that a reasoned protest would have had no real chance of achieving
the result” (at [128]).

79 _Yewbelle (HC)_ was pursued on appeal in _Yewbelle Limited v London Green
Developments Limited, Knightsbridge Green Limited_ [2007] 2 EGLR 152 (“
_Yewbelle (CA)_ ”). The case of _The Talisman_ was resurrected on the seller’s
behalf for the proposition that the test for determining whether a particular
step was within the scope of an “all reasonable endeavours” obligation was
whether it would, if taken, offer a _significant_ chance of success in
procuring the contractually-stipulated outcome, and that Lewison J had
therefore posed the wrong test in setting the standard at “a real prospect of
success”. The English Court of Appeal rejected this argument, observing that
the case at hand was a long way removed from _The Talisman_ both on the facts
as well as in terms of the content and context of the “all reasonable
endeavours” obligation concerned. The English Court of Appeal also doubted
that Lord Keith had intended to lay down a general rule in _The Talisman_ as
to “the standard by reference to which it is to be tested whether a party had
undertaken all reasonable endeavours, under whatever kind of contract” (see
_Yewbelle (CA)_ at [32]). Further, it expressed doubt (likewise at [32]) that
Lewison J would have considered the words “substantial”, “significant” and
“real” to have any different meaning. Accordingly, the English Court of Appeal
did not accept that Lewison J had applied the wrong legal test in judging
whether all reasonable endeavours had been used (at [33]). The English Court
of Appeal can therefore be taken to have held that an obligor under an “all
reasonable endeavours” obligation need only pursue those endeavours with a
real chance of success in procuring the contractually-stipulated outcome, and
that there is no significant difference in meaning between “real”,
“significant” and “substantial”.

80 Ultimately, the English Court of Appeal found that the seller did not lack
bargaining strength with the local authority, and observed (at [93]) that
“there would have been cards for [the seller] to play” in persuading the local
authority to agree to the stated set of terms provided for in the prescribed
agreement. Accordingly, Lewison J’s finding that the seller had not exhausted
all reasonable endeavours to obtain the execution of the prescribed agreement
was upheld.

81 However, the English Court of Appeal differed from Lewison J on the
separate issue of whether, when there was an insuperable obstacle to procuring
the contractually-stipulated outcome, the obligor had to overcome other
obstacles which also stood in the way. There was, adjoining the land subject
to the conditional sale agreement, another parcel of land. Under the
prescribed agreement, this piece of land was also to be developed. However,
the land was discovered to belong to a third party instead of to the local
authority as initially assumed. The English Court of Appeal held that if there
was an insuperable obstacle to procuring the contractually-stipulated outcome,
it was not relevant that there might have been other obstacles which could
have been overcome. In such circumstances, the obligor would not have to do
anything more to overcome other obstacles which also stood in the way, but
which might have been resolved (at [103]). In our view, this is really just
another way of saying that the endeavour undertaken must have a significant
prospect of achieving the contractually-stipulated outcome, rather than merely
address an associated obstacle. As the third party would not have agreed to
participate without substantial payment, and as the seller was not obliged to
lay out its own money in such sums as would have been required for that
purpose, there was nothing more for the seller to do in regard to the third
party’s land. Accordingly, the English Court of Appeal reversed Lewison J’s
decision on this point.

82 The third case discussing the operation and extent of an “all reasonable
endeavours” obligation, specifically relating to whether an obligor is
required to sacrifice its own commercial interests in fulfilling its
obligation, is _CPC Group Ltd v Qatari Diar Real Estate Investment Co_ [2010]
EWHC 1535 (Ch) (“ _CPC Group_ ”). One of the parties advanced the argument
that an obligation to use “all reasonable endeavours” was to be equated with
an obligation to use “best endeavours”, such that a party subject to an “all
reasonable endeavours” obligation _must_ , if necessary, subordinate its own
financial interests to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome. As a
matter of the established interpretation of “best endeavours” as set out in
_Travista_ and of “all reasonable endeavours” as set out in _Yewbelle (CA)_ ,
this argument, in our view, goes too far. It is clear that such obligations do
not require the obligor to subordinate its financial interests in all cases.
Instead, the obligor is entitled to take its own financial interests into
account, and certainly need not pursue any course of action that would be
prohibitively expensive or ruinous. Unsurprisingly, Vos J rejected the above
argument, citing _Yewbelle (CA)_ with approval (at [251] of _CPC Group_):

[Counsel] did not, however, refer to the Court of Appeal’s decision in
[_Yewbelle (CA)_], which is also footnoted in the passage of [Kim Lewison,
_The Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2007)] to which he
referred. There, Lloyd LJ said at para 29 that:

“Mr Dowding challenged the judge’s … interpretation of the obligation to use
reasonable endeavours. The judge dealt with this in a passage in his judgment
starting at para 118. He accepted that, in using its reasonable endeavours,
**_the Appellant was not required to sacrifice its own commercial interests_**
: para 122”,

and went on to hold at para 33 that: “I do not accept that the judge applied
the wrong legal test in judging whether the Appellant had used all reasonable
endeavours under the contract”.

[emphasis added in bold italics and underlining]

83 Vos J concluded (at [252]) that “[i]t seems to me, therefore, that the
obligation to use ‘ _all reasonable endeavours_ ’ does not **_always_**
require the obligor to sacrifice his commercial interests” [original emphasis
in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]. There may be a subtle difference
between _Yewbelle (CA)_ and _CPC Group_ , in that the former held that an
obligor was “not required to sacrifice its own commercial interests” (see
_Yewbelle (CA)_ at [29]), whereas Vos J qualified this by saying (at [252] of
_CPC Group_) that the obligation to use “all reasonable endeavours” did not
“always require” the sacrifice of commercial interests. In so far as there is
a difference between these two cases, we are of the view that Vos J’s approach
is to be preferred. Although an obligor is entitled to take into account its
own interests, including its financial interests, in performing its
obligations, there is no particular reason why it should, as a rule, never
have to sacrifice its commercial interests. Such sacrifice may be negligible
or, even though substantial, reasonable in the circumstances. For the purposes
of determining whether the sacrifice arising from a particular course of
action is reasonable, it will generally be the case that the endeavours
entailed by that sacrifice will be capable of being assessed for
reasonableness in monetary terms, even if they are not expressly spelt out in
such terms in their original form. It would be arbitrary to draw a distinction
between different types of endeavours based on whether they were expressed in
monetary terms in the first instance.

84 The fourth and fifth cases which we shall discuss in this section concern
the same issue of the extent to which an obligor is required to sacrifice its
own commercial interests in performing its obligations, albeit in the context
of a “best endeavours” obligation. These cases are _Jet2.com Limited v
Blackpool Airport Limited_ [2011] EWHC 1529 (Comm) (“ _Jet2 (HC)_ ”) and
_Jet2.com Ltd v Blackpool Airport Ltd_ [2012] 1 CLC 605 (“ _Jet2 (CA)_ ”). The
claimant in _Jet2 (HC)_ (“Jet2”) entered into an agreement with the defendant
airport operator (“BAL”) to “co-operate together and use their _best
endeavours_ to promote [Jet2’s] low cost services from … Blackpool Airport”
[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics] (see _Jet2 (HC)_ at
[9]). The agreement was silent about the hours during which BAL would accept
aircraft movements to and from Blackpool Airport. The airport’s normal
operating hours were from 7.00am to 9.00pm. However, for over four years, Jet2
had operated regular departures and arrivals outside those hours, causing BAL
to incur additional costs in providing support services for those flights.
Following a change in its ownership, BAL gave Jet2 seven days’ notice,
following which it would cease accepting flights to and from Blackpool Airport
beyond the normal operating hours.

85 Jet2 sought damages for breach of contract and a declaration that BAL was
obliged to accept aircraft movements outside Blackpool Airport’s normal
operating hours. In contrast, BAL argued that it was entitled to take into
account its own commercial interests when considering what steps to take in
satisfaction of its obligations, such as the losses which it had incurred in
operating Blackpool Airport beyond its usual operating hours. It was common
ground that “best endeavours” and “all reasonable endeavours” meant the same
thing. At first instance, Mr Mackie QC, sitting as a judge of the English High
Court, found a breach of contract. However, he declined to grant the
declaration sought in view of the fact sensitivity of the issue. He
perceptively observed, “[t]he meaning of the expression remains a question of
construction not of extrapolation from other cases … the expression will not
always mean the same thing” (at [46]).

86 On appeal, Mr Mackie QC’s finding of breach was upheld by a majority of the
English Court of Appeal. Moore-Bick LJ held (at [31]–[32] of _Jet2 (CA)_):

31\. In my view **_the obligation to use best endeavours to promote Jet2’s
business obliged BAL to do all that it reasonably could to enable that
business to succeed and grow_** and I do not think the object of the best
endeavours is too uncertain to be capable of giving rise to a legally binding
obligation. In my view the promotion of Jet2’s business did extend to keeping
the airport open to accommodate flights outside normal hours, **_subject to
any right it might have to protect its own financial interests_**.
Accordingly, I think the judge’s decision on that aspect of the matter was
correct. …

32\. It was a central plank of BAL’s argument before the judge that the
obligation to use best endeavours did not require it to act contrary to its
own commercial interests, which, in the context of this case, amounts to
saying that BAL was not obliged to accept aircraft movements outside normal
hours if that would cause it financial loss. Some support for that conclusion
can be found in the cases, … but I think the judge was right in saying that
**_whether, and if so to what extent, a person who has undertaken to use his
best endeavours can have regard to his own financial interests will depend
very much on the nature and terms of the contract in question_**. … I approach
with some caution the submission that BAL was entitled to refuse to accept
aircraft movements outside normal opening hours if that caused it to incur a
loss, because on the judge’s findings **_the ability to schedule aircraft
movements outside those hours was essential to Jet2’s business and was
therefore fundamental to the agreement. In those circumstances one would not
expect the parties to have contemplated that BAL should be able to restrict
Jet2’s aircraft movements to normal opening hours simply because it incurred a
loss_** each time it was required to accept a movement outside those hours, or
because keeping the airport open outside normal hours proved to be more
expensive than it had expected. **_On the other hand, I can see force in the
argument that if, for example, it were to become clear that Jet2 could never
expect to operate low cost services from Blackpool profitably, BAL would not
be obliged to incur further losses in seeking to promote a failing
business_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

87 Longmore LJ indicated that the criteria for assessing the reasonableness of
the sacrifice required of the obligor might also be affected by how the
agreement was in fact performed (at [70]):

It is in the context of [situations in which the parties have provided no
criteria on the basis for assessing whether best endeavours have been or can
be used] that it may be relevant to consider the extent to which a party can
be obliged to act against his own interests. **_The fact that he has agreed to
use his best endeavours pre-supposes that he may well be put to some financial
cost, so financial cost cannot be a trump card to enable him to extricate
himself from what would otherwise be his obligation_**. As AT Lawrence J said
in the _Sheffield District Railway Co_ case, best endeavours does not mean
second best endeavours. **_But I would agree with Moore-Bick LJ (para. 32)
that, if it became clear that Jet2 could never expect to operate low cost
services profitably from Blackpool, BAL could not be expected themselves to
incur losses after that time in seeking to promote (or effectively propping
up) a failing business_**. [emphasis added in bold italics]

88 It can be discerned from Moore-Bick and Longmore LJJ’s judgments in _Jet2
(CA)_ that there are no hard-and-fast rules as to whether an obligor must
sacrifice its financial interests in fulfilling its obligations. The test is
whether the nature and terms of the contract in question indicate that it is
in the parties’ contemplation that the obligor would have to sacrifice its
financial interests, and if so, to what extent the obligor is to sacrifice its
financial interests.

89 A further point to note is that although the parties in _Jet2 (HC)_ and
_Jet2 (CA)_ agreed that “best endeavours” and “all reasonable endeavours”
meant the same thing, such that the court was not called upon to make any
pronouncements on the matter, Moore-Bick LJ held (at [31] of _Jet2 (CA)_) that
BAL’s obligation to use its “best endeavours” obliged it to do “all that it
reasonably could”, effectively equating a “best endeavours” obligation with an
“all reasonable endeavours” obligation. Such language has recurred numerous
times in the cases, and indicates that the gap between “best endeavours” and
“all reasonable endeavours”, in so far as one even exists conceptually, is a
small one.

90 It is noteworthy that Lewison LJ, the dissenting judge in _Jet2 (CA)_ , was
of the view that the trial judge and the majority of the English Court of
Appeal had gone beyond interpreting the contract to construing the contract in
the sense of making a contract which the parties had not themselves made. He
was unwilling to find an obligation for BAL to allow flights to and from
Blackpool Airport outside the airport’s normal operating hours in the absence
of an express agreement. Although Lewison LJ found himself in the minority in
_Jet2 (CA)_ , we are of the view that his concerns are sound. Contracting
parties would be well advised to specify the objective to which all reasonable
endeavours are to be directed and the criteria by which the endeavours are to
be judged, even if the “endeavours” clause in question is enforceable in the
absence of such specifications. What may be readily apparent to the parties at
the time of their contract may not be so apparent to a court, and it would be
helpful for them to set out those obligations that they consider important. We
note with some interest that Lewison LJ did not express any view on the
appropriateness of equating “best endeavours” with “all reasonable
endeavours”.

91 The last case which we wish to discuss in relation to the operation and
extent of “all reasonable endeavours” obligations is _EDI_ (also referred to
earlier at [59] above). We think there is merit in Lord Glennie’s view that it
may well be part of an “all reasonable endeavours” obligation for the obligor
to inform the obligee of any difficulties it is encountering so as to
ascertain whether the obligee has a possible solution (at [21]):

… Lloyd LJ … emphasises [in _Yewbelle (CA)_ at [105]] that it may well be part
of the obligation to use all reasonable endeavours for the party on whom the
obligation is placed to inform the other party of any difficulties he is
encountering and, in an appropriate case, to see whether that party has a
possible solution to the problem. That must be right _. A party cannot just
sit back and say that he could not reasonably have done more when, if it had
had asked the other party to the transaction, it might have discovered that
there were other steps which could reasonably have been taken. But all will
depend upon the circumstances._ [emphasis added]

We should point out here that it is not an ironclad rule that the obligor
under an “all reasonable endeavours” obligation must always inform the obligee
of any difficulties it is encountering so as to see whether the latter has any
possible solution. Rather, whether the obligor has informed the obligee in
this regard is a matter that the court may (depending on the circumstances)
take into consideration in determining whether the obligor has satisfied its
“all reasonable endeavours” obligation.

92 On the issue of the burden of proof, we also generally agree with Lord
Glennie that (at [22]):

… NCP [the obligee] led at proof. This was because they accepted that the
burden was on them to show that EDI [the obligor] were in breach, so as to
give a basis for the mutuality argument. But it does not seem to me that the
burden necessarily remains throughout on NCP. _My tentative view is that if
NCP can point to steps which could have been taken, by evidence (or possibly
by pleading), the evidential burden_** _may_** _shift to EDI to show, as the
case may be, that they took those steps, that they could not reasonably have
been expected to take them or that such steps would have been bound to fail.
It is EDI who are likely to have the evidence on these points and, once a
sufficient case has been raised by NCP, the burden must ultimately be on EDI
to establish that they used all reasonable endeavours as required by the
agreement_ : c f [Mactaggart & Mickel Homes Ltd v Hunter [2010] CSOH 130] at
para. 58 in which Lord Hodge refers to the onus of proof being on the party
asserting that he has used reasonable endeavours. However, the point was not
argued before me and, in the conclusions I have reached, it makes no
difference to the outcome. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In this regard, we go further than Lord Glennie in that we are of the view
that once the obligee points to certain steps which the obligor could have
taken to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome, the burden _ordinarily_
shifts to the obligor to show that it took those steps, or that those steps
were not reasonably required, or that those steps would have been bound to
fail.

Summary of the guidelines applicable to “all reasonable endeavours” and “best
endeavours” clauses

93 The foregoing cases are the more significant cases to have originated from
the English and Scottish courts on “all reasonable endeavours” clauses and
“best endeavours” clauses. The available commentaries in this area of the law
(and these tend to be professional rather than academic) tend to agree that
there is a great deal of uncertainty surrounding the obligations imposed by
the various “endeavours” clauses. The typical advice in these commentaries is
for the parties to expressly specify the criteria by which satisfaction of
such clauses is to be assessed. This lack of certainty is unfortunate. Be that
as it may, following on our holding (at [62] above) that the test for
determining whether an “all reasonable endeavours” obligation has been
satisfied should ordinarily be the same as the test for determining whether a
“best endeavours” obligation has been satisfied (_ie_ , the _Travista_ test),
we also endorse the guidelines below _vis-à-vis_ the operation and extent of
both “all reasonable endeavours” and “best endeavours” clauses:

(a) Such clauses require the obligor “to go on using endeavours until the
point is reached when all reasonable endeavours have been exhausted” (see
_Yewbelle (HC)_ at [123] and _Yewbelle (CA)_), or “to do all that it
reasonably could” (see _Jet2 (CA)_ at [31]).

(b) The obligor need only do that which has a significant (see _The Talisman_)
or real prospect of success (see _Yewbelle (HC)_ and _Yewbelle (CA)_) in
procuring the contractually-stipulated outcome.

(c) If there is an insuperable obstacle to procuring the contractually-
stipulated outcome, the obligor is not required to do anything more to
overcome other problems which also stood in the way of procuring that outcome
but which might have been resolved (see _Yewbelle (CA)_).

(d) The obligor is not always required to sacrifice its own commercial
interests in satisfaction of its obligations (see _CPC Group_), but it may be
required to do so where the nature and terms of the contract indicate that it
is in the parties’ contemplation that the obligor should make such sacrifice
(see _Jet2 (CA)_).

(e) An obligor cannot just sit back and say that it could not reasonably have
done more to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome in cases where, if
it had asked the obligee, it might have discovered that there were other steps
which could reasonably have been taken (see _EDI_).

(f) Once the obligee points to certain steps which the obligor could have
taken to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome, the burden ordinarily
shifts to the obligor to show that it took those steps, or that those steps
were not reasonably required, or that those steps would have been bound to
fail (see _EDI_).

94 Given our ruling at [62] and [93] above, in the Singapore context, an “all
reasonable endeavours” obligation is ordinarily as onerous as a “best
endeavours” obligation. In our view, this approach is sensible. Non-absolute
obligations are often intended to deal with the scenario where an obligor is
to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome through the assistance or
efforts of a third party. An obligor in such a situation will typically not be
in a position to ensure that the contractually-stipulated outcome will be
successfully procured. Thus, save where some other concession is extended to
compensate such an obligor for shouldering the risk of failure on its own, it
would not be viable to impose an absolute obligation on the obligor to procure
the contractually-stipulated outcome. At the same time, however, the obligee
would require some assurance that its interests are protected, since the
obligor may find it in its interests to prioritise other goals. The obvious
solution would be to ensure that the obligor’s interests and the obligee’s
interests are aligned by contract. The approach taken in _Travista_ – namely,
using the standard of a prudent and determined man, _acting in the obligee’s
interests and anxious to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome within
the time allowed_ , as a benchmark – pragmatically addresses this issue, and
adequately protects unsophisticated parties. Where an obligor does not wish to
be held to such a high standard, it would be well advised to stipulate the
specific steps required to discharge its “all reasonable endeavours” or “best
endeavours” (as the case may be) obligation.

95 What of KSE’s argument that parties who use both “all reasonable
endeavours” clauses and “best endeavours” clauses in the same contract must
have intended to ascribe different meanings to them? While that may be the
case in certain situations, we are of the view that the use of both types of
clauses in the same contract, without specifying how the standards imposed by
the two types of clauses differ, will not be sufficient to indicate an
intention to depart from the approach taken in _Travista_. This is because it
would not be practicable for either the parties or the court to determine on a
clause-by-clause basis what “all reasonable endeavours” or “best endeavours”
(as the case may be) means in the context of each individual clause. Should
the parties wish to finely calibrate their obligations, they may do so by
expressly defining the obligations under each clause, or by carving out
obligations that would otherwise be imposed by the clause in question.

Interpretation of “all reasonable endeavours” in clause 6.2 of the JVA

96 In the present case, we are of the view that there is insufficient basis to
conclude that clause 6.2 of the JVA should be interpreted in a less onerous
fashion than a “best endeavours” clause. The interpretation proffered by KSE
(see [35] above) is, to our minds, indistinguishable from the approach taken
in _Travista_. Clause 6.2 therefore imposed on KSE the obligation to take all
those reasonable steps which a prudent and determined company, acting in BRE’s
interests and anxious to procure the construction and delivery of the WPU
within the available time, would have taken.

97 This brings us to the question of the relevant time frame for procuring the
construction and delivery of the WPU. At para 13 of its statement of claim,
BRE pleaded:[note: 16]

The effect of the Authorisation [Document] being executed on 18 December 2005
and of Clause B(3) of the [BRO contract] was to fix the delivery date for the
WPU as 17 June 2006, and/or to _vary by implication the calculation for
delivery set out in Clause 6.2 of the JVA_. … [emphasis added]

BRE appeared to be saying that the Authorisation Document constituted an offer
to KSE to, among other things, procure the completion of the WPU by 17 June
2006 instead of by the deadline stipulated in clause 6.2 of the JVA (_viz_ ,
six months after the execution of the Charter Agreement). However, the
contents of the Authorisation Document do not support the existence of such an
offer:[note: 17]

**PURCHASE CONTRACT FOR WORKOVER PULLING UNIT (WPU) FOR THE [PCSB] CONTRACT
PER JV AGREEMENT DATED 13 DECEMBER 2005**

We, [BRE], hereby approve and agree on all the below technical requirements,
scope of work and the price quotation based on the e-mail dated 3rd Dec 2005
from [Oderco] for the above Contract and authorise [KSE] to proceed on the
Purchase Contract with [Oderco]:

1] Technical requirements, scope of work and specifications included in
section TB 5 and other sections of the tender documents …

…

2] Total price – Ex works for US$7.9 million (+ -) and transportation
estimated at US$500,000.

3] Delivery – 6 months ex works

…

98 It is clear from the Authorisation Document that all that BRE was doing was
to authorise KSE to enter into an agreement with Oderco whereby Oderco was to
construct a WPU for delivery six months ex-works. The Authorisation Document
did not indicate that KSE had to procure the construction and delivery of the
WPU within six months of the date of that document. As regards the BRO
contract, BRE appeared to be saying that KSE accepted its offer for KSE to
procure the completion of the WPU by 17 June 2006 by contracting with BRO to
have the WPU ready for shipment to BRO by that date. However, the
artificiality of this analysis is made plain by the fact that the
Authorisation Document and the BRO contract were executed almost three months
apart, with the incorporation of BRO as well as the execution of the Oderco
contract and the Charter Agreement taking place in between. Timing-wise, the
BRO contract was too remote from the Authorisation Document to constitute
acceptance of the offer alluded to in para 13 of BRE’s statement of claim.

99 The Judge did not base her finding that the deadline in clause 6.2 of the
JVA had been varied on BRE’s pleadings as such. As noted above at [28], she
found that the Parties had embarked on a course of action at odds with clause
6.2 by seeking to fulfil the PCSB contract as early as possible in June 2006.
However, the same problem of identifying an offer to vary the deadline
stipulated in clause 6.2 and acceptance of such offer arises. It would also be
difficult to find, based on the Parties’ course of action alone, an intention
on their part to be legally bound by the June 2006 deadline referred to by the
Judge (at [75] of the Judgment).

100 More to the point, the Parties’ conduct was not necessarily at odds with
the JVA. The JVA was entered into on 13 December 2005. At that point in time,
the completion date under the PCSB contract, as varied by PCSB on 8 December
2005 (see [7] above), was 21 May 2006, with PCSB’s right of termination
arising on 21 June 2006. This left BRE with five months and eight days from 13
December 2005 to procure the WPU for PCSB in order to avoid liquidated
damages, and six months and eight days from that same date to avoid the risk
of PCSB terminating the PCSB contract altogether. Yet, the Parties, by clause
6.2 of the JVA, agreed to give KSE six months to procure the construction and
delivery of the WPU, with the time to begin running only from an event (_viz_
, the execution of the Charter Agreement) that would still take some days or
weeks to occur. Further, no provision was made in clause 6.2 (or any other
part of clause 6) for a failure to meet the deadline stipulated in the PCSB
contract. Clause 2 of the JVA, which concerns the business of BRO, likewise
made no reference to the PCSB contract:[note: 18]

2.1The business of [BRO] is in the acquisition and chartering out of the WPU
and the provision of related services.

2.2Each party shall use its reasonable endeavours to promote and develop the
business of [BRO] to the best advantage of [BRO].

…

Clause 2 tacitly recognises the possibility that the PCSB contract could be
lost after KSE had already committed itself to procuring the construction and
delivery of a WPU based on the specifications in BRE’s tender submission. In
such circumstances, the Parties could not have founded the JVA on the PCSB
contract alone, with KSE left to bear the risk of a partially-completed WPU
designed to meet PCSB’s specific needs but no ready alternative buyer in the
event that the PCSB contract was indeed lost. Rather, the Parties were to
remain committed to the business of chartering out the WPU after its
completion and to sharing the risk of its construction.

101 All this suggests that although the PCSB contract was the genesis of the
JVA, it was not its _raison d’être_. Naturally, that contract would have been
very much on the Parties’ minds at the time they entered into the JVA. It
would have been their aim to fulfil the PCSB contract as the best-case
scenario for their joint venture. Thus, the Parties proceeded to act with
despatch to procure the construction of the WPU, notwithstanding that KSE’s
obligation to do so under the JVA had not arisen yet as the Charter Agreement
had not been executed. However, one should not too readily infer from this
fact alone an intention to depart from the deadline stipulated in clause 6.2
of the JVA for the construction and delivery of the WPU.

102 How then is clause 6.2 of the JVA to be understood where the deadline for
procuring the construction and delivery of the WPU is concerned? In our
judgment, the deadline stipulated therein – _viz_ , six months after the
execution of the Charter Agreement, _ie_ , 9 September 2006 – indicates the
upper limit of KSE’s obligations. That is, bearing in mind that _Travista_
makes clear that a party’s non-absolute obligations are to be determined with
reference to the time allowed for procuring the contractually-stipulated
outcome, KSE need not have tried any harder than to procure the construction
and delivery of the WPU within six months of the Charter Agreement being
executed. For example, should there have been a need for a readily-available
piece of critical equipment that required three months for delivery and
installation, KSE need not have been overly exercised by Oderco’s failure to
place an order for that piece of critical equipment by the end of March 2006
as there would still have been a reasonable buffer. However, matters would
have been of utmost urgency should Oderco have continued to neglect to place
an order by the end of May 2006, and exercising all reasonable endeavours
would probably have required KSE to endeavour to avoid such a situation unless
Oderco were a proven master of logistics management.

103 We are also of the view that the Judge was correct to hold that KSE’s
obligation to exercise all reasonable endeavours continued beyond the relevant
deadline, should KSE have failed to procure the construction and delivery of
the WPU by then. _Patel v Brent LBC_ [2004] EWHC 763 (Ch) is pertinent in this
regard. The defendant in that case (“the Council”) was under an obligation to
use reasonable endeavours to complete certain works, which were to be paid for
by a deposit from the claimant, before the issuance of a certificate. The
certificate was issued on 21 October 1994, but the stipulated works were not
completed by that date. The claimant’s case was that since those works had not
been completed, there remained an obligation on the Council to continue using
reasonable endeavours after 21 October 1994 to complete the works, such a term
being implied as a matter of business efficacy. Hart J accepted this argument,
observing (at [64]):

… I also accept the argument on behalf of the [claimant] that, in order to
give business efficacy to the agreement, it is necessary to imply a term that
the Council would continue to use its reasonable endeavours after 21st October
1994 to complete the works within a reasonable time. It is simply a nonsense
to suggest that the Council was under an obligation until that date but
thereafter was at liberty simply to sit on the money until either it chose to
do something or the [claimant] made an application to discharge the planning
obligation … Even the most unofficious of bystanders would, it seems to me,
have roused himself to protest that that cannot have been intended.

104 We agree, although we prefer to see the Council’s continuing obligation
after 21 October 1994 to use reasonable endeavours to complete the stipulated
works as part of the “reasonable endeavours” continuum rather than as an
implied term. It stands to reason that if procuring the construction and
delivery of the WPU within six months of the execution of the Charter
Agreement marked the upper limit of KSE’s obligations, the obligation to use
all reasonable endeavours to procure that outcome within a reasonable time
after the expiry of the said six-month period should be the lower. It would
not make any sense for KSE to be under no obligations at all, whether absolute
or not, beyond the target date of six months from the execution of the Charter
Agreement. The Parties would have contemplated some possibility of salvaging
the situation should that deadline not be met.

Did KSE breach clause 6.2 of the JVA?

The Parties’ respective roles

105 Having dealt with the interpretation of “endeavours” clauses in general
and the “all reasonable endeavours” obligation in clause 6.2 of the JVA in
particular, we now turn to the issue of whether KSE breached that clause. Each
of the Parties has each sought to characterise itself as a peripheral partner
in the joint venture, with the other as the prime mover. In our judgment, the
JVA makes plain that responsibility was shared: it was KSE’s responsibility to
procure the construction and delivery of the WPU on its own and then sell it
to BRO, while BRE’s role was to manage the PCSB contract and charter the WPU
from BRO after the latter had purchased it from KSE.

106 The evidence also suggests that both BRE and KSE stood to gain from the
joint venture, which was the result of a purely rational decision by each of
them to cooperate with the other. In the context of BRE’s lack of a rig
builder following RG’s decision to pull out of the WPU project, Mr Yazid
testified that BRE “[was] not desperate”[note: 19] and “would have given back
the [PCSB] contract to [PCSB]”[note: 20] if Oderco had not been identified as
an alternative rig builder. However, PCSB’s 8 December 2005 letter to BRE
responding to the latter’s proposal to substitute Oderco for RG and vary the
deadline for delivering the WPU under the PCSB contract indicates that a
binding agreement between PCSB and BRE had already come into being with the
issuance of the Letter of Award:[note: 21]

When [PCSB] issued the [L]etter of [A]ward on 21 November 2005, a binding
contract between [PCSB] and [BRE] is established under the law of contract. …

[BRE’s] request for changes to the Local Mobilization Date and Contract Price
on 30 November 2005 tantamounts to non-compliance with the terms and
conditions specified in the [L]etter of [A]ward and a breach of the Contract.

It seems fairly likely that BRE was not at liberty to simply back out of the
PCSB contract, and Mr Yazid’s testimony in this regard rings hollow. KSE also
did not enter into the joint venture out of goodwill. Both BRE and KSE stood
to benefit from the profits generated by the WPU under the PCSB contract
through charter fees paid by PCSB to BRE and onward to BRO.

107 At the trial, there was also an issue of whether KSE wanted control of the
WPU project to the exclusion of BRE. This arose from an internal KSE e-mail
dated 12 December 2005 from KSE’s Managing Director, Chew Thiam Keng (“CTK”),
to TFG and Goh Boon Chye (“GBC”), an Executive Director and Chief Business
Development Officer of KSE. In that e-mail, CTK stated:[note: 22]

Boon Chye, please liaise with [TFG] on the sending out of the PO to Orderco. I
have discussed with [LHK] and agree that _[the] PO will be from [KSE]_ as the
JV company is not ready yet. _It is also not appropriate for [BRE] to issue
the PO as we will lose control over the process._ … [emphasis added]

The Judge found that KSE’s idea of control over the WPU project was to
contract with Oderco, and that KSE had, by doing so, undertaken to manage the
construction and delivery of the WPU by Oderco (see the Judgment at [87]). We
do not agree with this analysis. While CTK’s 12 December 2005 e-mail might
illuminate KSE’s subjective intentions behind the structure of the JVA, it
does not contribute to the interpretation of KSE’s obligations under that
agreement.

Indications that construction was not progressing well

108 BRE asserted, and the Judge accepted, that there were a number of
indications that Oderco was not handling the construction of the WPU in a
satisfactory manner. These include the following:

(a) Oderco did not make claims for milestone payments when it should have
done. Apart from the initial 10% down payment made in January 2006, no further
milestone payments were made until 14 June 2006, after the scheduled
completion date under the Oderco contract had already passed. This would have
indicated that Oderco was well behind time.

(b) Oderco was not purchasing critical equipment in a timely manner, or at
all. BRE’s expert witness, Ian Craven (“Mr Craven”), stated that there should
have been several hundred purchase orders issued by Oderco for critical
equipment by February 2006. Instead, Oderco was only willing/able to reveal 12
purchase orders to PCSB during a site visit on 8 and 9 February 2006. Given
that time was tight, and that some of the critical equipment which needed to
be ordered from third-party suppliers was specialised and complex and needed
long delivery times, it should have been obvious to KSE that this would have
an impact on the completion date of the WPU.

(c) Oderco was unreliable and difficult to work with. KSE realised this very
early on when it had problems contacting the management team of Oderco, Samir
Ghalayini (“Dr Samir”) and his wife, Hedian. Oderco was also consistently late
in producing key documents and drawings, and its estimates of the completion
date of the WPU constantly moved backward. Oderco’s reports on the progress of
construction were obviously incorrect. For example, Oderco reported that the
WPU was at an advanced state of construction when critical equipment had not
even been ordered yet. All this would have indicated a need for KSE to take an
active hand in managing the construction of the WPU.

109 The Judge found that KSE should have been alerted of the need to do more
to manage the construction of the WPU, and that its obligation to use all
reasonable endeavours was engaged.

What KSE did

110 Let us first consider the steps that KSE took in the face of indications
that the construction of the WPU was not progressing satisfactorily. Its first
response was to pressure Oderco to perform. An example of this approach, as
well as of the difficulty of working with Oderco, can be seen from an attempt
to obtain various documents from Oderco over some months. During a visit by
PCSB, BRE and KSE to Oderco’s yard on 8 and 9 February 2006, it was agreed
that Oderco would, by 16 February 2006: (a) provide documents relating to the
specifications of the WPU (known as “T5-A” and “T5-B”), technical drawings and
the construction schedule; and (b) procure a piece of critical equipment known
as a blow-out preventer (“BOP”), which Oderco was facing problems acquiring.
On 16 February 2006, KSE’s General Manager of Projects, Gwen Toh (“Ms Toh”),
wrote to Oderco:[note: 23]

Dear Hedian,

We are very afraid that you are so silence.

We try calling you everyday but your telephone ringing nobody pick-up or the
line is not open.

How to communicate promptly in this way. …

Hedian replied to say that she had been ill and had no knowledge of KSE’s
attempts to reach her. Ms Toh communicated KSE’s difficulties to Mr Yazid on
17 February 2006:[note: 24]

Dear Yazid

We are disappointed with O[d]erco they promised to provide documents but still
not receive. I think you have to inform [PCSB] for this matter. [GBC] is
chasing them very hard hopefully can get by tomorrow.

111 Oderco still had not provided the requisite documents by 23 February 2006,
and Ms Toh updated Mr Yazid in these terms on that day:[note: 25]

We have been chasing Dr. Samir everyday calling morning … till evening to
remind him to provide [the] documents he promised in the MM [presumably the
minutes of a meeting held on 9 February 2006].

Yesterday, he promised to send us but still not receive.

Chasing him since this morning. Hope he can send today.

Sorry for the delay.

Let you know later in the afternoon.

On 9 March 2006, Ms Toh wrote to Oderco to say:[note: 26]

Dear Samir/Hedian,

Please reply, cannot keep quiet.

Try calling you alway your secretary pick up the call, cannot talk to you,
Why?

Later that afternoon, GBC wrote:[note: 27]

VERY URGENT!

Dear Dr. Samir,

WE NEED YOU TO PROVIDE THE INFO PER ATTACHED QUESTIONS FROM [PCSB] ASAP.

YOUR DELAY IN PROVIDING INFO AND REPLY IS CAUSING BIG PROBLEMS FOR [KSE] WITH
[PCSB]!!!!

…

WE LOOK FORWARD TO YOUR INFO ON THE BOP AND MUD PUMPS TODAY.

112 Although not expressly mentioned in these two e-mails, it seems likely
that KSE was chasing Oderco for the same documents that had been owed since 16
February 2006. On 10 March 2006, Mr Yazid replied:[note: 28]

Dear [GBC],

Thank you for trying. In a few hours I will be meeting [t]he CEO of [PCSB] and
his management team to discuss amongst others the progress of the WPU
construction.

It is a bit disappointing when [PCSB] had to ask for info via a few emails for
**_what had been promised them few weeks ago_**. Please get all pending
information from Dr Samir as we are losing their confidence in us. The least
we can do is update them with the progress as promised.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

113 Even on 2 May 2006, two and a half months after the 16 February 2006
deadline had passed, not all the documents requested for had been provided. On
that day, Ms Toh wrote to Oderco:[note: 29]

Dear Dr Samir,

Please be informed [PCSB] is requesting Oderco to provide T5-B (capital rig
inventory)

We have been chasing this long time ago. Please send us by today.

On 9 June 2006, Ms Toh was still following up on the matter:[note: 30]

Dear Dr. Samir,

Very quiet from you. Despite send you many email you did not reply.

How is this project getting on?

We are so worry?

What happened to the documents you are supposed to provide?

[PCSB] needs the T5B documents by today.

Please send today.

On 14 August 2006, GBC wrote to Oderco saying:[note: 31]

Dear Raymond,

Kindly assist in completing the T5 A and T5 B schedule TODAY ( YOUR TIME ) as
promised by Samir.

[PCSB] needs the 2 schedules tomorrow. VERY URGENT AS IT IS LONG OVERDUE.

…

114 It is apparent from the correspondence that KSE’s representatives were
clearly communicating the urgency of the situation to Oderco. It appears that
they were doing this multiple times a day. However, the fact that the
documents mentioned at [110] above were not obtained even six months after
they were due suggests that this was not a very successful approach.

115 KSE’s second response was to deploy representatives to Oderco’s yard to
monitor the construction of the WPU. This initially took the form of visits by
KSE’s officers approximately once a month as provided for in the Oderco
contract. Eventually, on 2 July 2006, KSE deployed a permanent representative
named Michael Connolly (“Mr Connolly”) to monitor Oderco’s progress. His role
was “to submit progress report[s] and to co-ordinate with Oderco’s staff on
the required drawings, data and other info for the WPU”,[note: 32] and “to
assist us to chase and follow up with Samir on the various reports/info
required to furnished [_sic_] to [PCSB]”.[note: 33] Mr Connolly subsequently
resigned in December 2006 and was replaced by Francis Tan (“Francis”).

116 According to GBC, Dr Samir revealed to KSE on 20 September 2006 that
Oderco was facing cash-flow problems. KSE’s third approach was to help Oderco
address those problems by paying Oderco’s suppliers directly and airfreighting
critical equipment to Oderco’s yard. With BRE’s knowledge, KSE paid US$200,000
to the BOP manufacturer on 29 September 2006, after which the BOP was
delivered on 23 October 2006. On 10 November 2006, KSE paid a further
US$690,000 to the manufacturer of the variable frequency drive (“VFD”), a
piece of critical equipment that was to supply electricity to the WPU. The VFD
was eventually delivered around 23 January 2007.

117 Oderco’s financial problems did not just affect its ability to procure
critical equipment. On 27 February 2007, Francis reported that Oderco’s
workers had gone on strike and had “demanded for Oderco to pay them full three
months overdue salary instead of a month”.[note: 34] Startlingly, Francis
reported that Hedian only “managed to influence some 60% of workers who have
families commitment, to continue their work”.[note: 35] Oderco also required
assistance to procure certification of the WPU’s seaworthiness from Det Norske
Veritas, which was demanding premium rates in January 2007 due to a high
demand for its services. Consequently, KSE loaned Oderco US$300,000 and
US$400,000 on 2 February 2007 and 2 March 2007 respectively to deal with these
issues.

Should KSE have done more?

118 The Judge agreed with BRE’s assertion that KSE should have deployed its
own personnel to Oderco’s yard to supervise the construction of the WPU from
the outset. She found that KSE’s failure to do so was a breach of clause 6.2
of the JVA. This conclusion was, in her view, supported by the evidence given
by the expert witnesses of both BRE and KSE. Mr Craven, BRE’s expert witness,
stated in his expert report:[note: 36]

… [A]ny prudent Owner wanting to ensure a successful construction and wishing
to ensure he protects his own and end-user interests would put some
supervisory expertise in place at the construction yard from the very
beginning of the project. … For a project like the present one, I would have
expected a Project Team to be made up of the following:

a.A full time (experienced) Project Manager on site, i.e. Oderco’s yard;

b.A full time (experienced) Project Administrator, who should be also
experienced in materials and drilling equipment, also on site, i.e. Oderco’s
yard;

c.Local inspectors, surveyors and third party technical expertise could be
hired part time or on a when needed (“call out”) basis …

Mr Matthew Wills (“Mr Wills”), KSE’s expert witness, testified that having one
project manager and one commercial or contracts manager on site would be a
reasonable level of supervision for the construction of a WPU.

119 In our judgment, the JVA did not require KSE to go so far. The Parties
contracted on the footing that KSE would procure a third party to construct
the WPU. Clause 6.1 of the JVA provides:[note: 37]

6.1… Upon the Charter Agreement being executed, [KSE] shall proceed to arrange
for the construction of the WPU … on terms acceptable to [KSE]. The
specifications, equipment and inventory of the WPU is as set-out in the
Charter Agreement.

120 The Parties could have expressly stipulated in the JVA the terms on which
KSE would contract with the builder of the WPU, in particular, that KSE should
be allowed to have onsite supervision of the construction of the WPU. However,
the Parties chose to make provision for only the specifications, equipment and
inventory of the WPU. In so doing, BRE left it to KSE to negotiate the terms
on which the WPU would be constructed by a third party. It could not have been
assumed that KSE would have to secure so intrusive a right _vis-à-vis_ the
third party as to station its representatives in the latter’s compound
throughout the construction of the WPU, nor that it would be entitled to
supervise the construction. Indeed, all that the Oderco contract provided for,
as far as supervision was concerned, was: [note: 38]

Others:

\- Technical visit/inspection to Oderco fabrication yard in Abu Dhabi to
monitor progress of the construction.

\- To provide monthly progress report with effect from the signing of this
contract.

121 If it were to be taken as a given that KSE could have a permanent
representative at Oderco’s yard while the WPU was being built, it would not
have been necessary for KSE and Oderco to specify the extent to which KSE
could supervise the construction of the WPU, and in such a limited fashion
too. To put it another way, any presumed entitlement of an employer to station
its representatives at the builder’s premises cannot survive an express term
delineating its right to monitor the progress of construction. We are of the
view that BRE cannot assert that KSE was bound to have put in place onsite
supervision from the outset when the terms of the Oderco contract suggest that
KSE was not entitled to have its representatives stationed at Oderco’s yard
while the WPU was being built.

122 We note that Mr Craven dismissed the proposition that the level of
supervision expected of KSE should be determined in accordance with what was
provided for in the Oderco contract. Mr Craven testified:[note: 39]

Q.You recognise that under the contract between Oderco and KSE, they had no
right to supervise the construction of the WPU?

…

A.No, I disagree with that. I disagree. It isn’t a question of right. If you
look at the construction contracts that all of us in the drilling business
have with shipyards or fabrication yards, there generally is no fixed – no
fixed requirement made in those contracts for supervision by the owner. There
is a very strong fixed requirement made by the owner of what the shipyard or
the fabrication yard should provide in the way of project management. It’s
left to the owner to decide himself what project management strength he should
have there. …

…

A:I have been involved in quite a few projects, yes, and I haven’t had one of
them where we had no supervision on site. Because you can’t trust the shipyard
or the fabrication yard to deliver exactly what you want without being there
to check on it.

123 We did not have before us the relevant contracts from the projects that Mr
Craven had in mind, nor evidence of the level of supervision that the
employers in those cases maintained. It may be the case that, as Mr Craven
testified, those contracts left it to the employer to decide what degree of
project management it would have on site. But, this was not the case here
because only technical visits and inspections by KSE were provided for under
the Oderco contract. Consequently, we find that KSE was not entitled to have
onsite supervision throughout the construction of the WPU.

124 Another one of BRE’s complaints was that KSE should have acted more
expeditiously to forestall problems, and that it failed to do so because it
did not have its eye on the ball. According to BRE, the site visit on 8 and 9
February 2006 was an early indication that all was not well. Oderco produced
only 12 purchase orders for critical equipment when there should have been
several hundred by that time. However, it was not only KSE that was
represented at this visit. BRE was represented by Mr Yazid and PCSB, by three
members of its technical team. None of these individuals appeared to have been
concerned by the lack of purchase orders. Further, they were also aware that
difficulties were being faced by Oderco in acquiring a BOP, a crucial piece of
critical equipment, as Dr Samir reported that delivery would take seven
months. Yet, no one appears to have been exercised by the fact that this would
entail that the WPU would be completed well after the deadline stipulated in
the PCSB contract. In our view, this indicates that there was some flexibility
in the deadline under the PCSB contract, and contradicts the Judge’s finding
(at [90] of the Judgment) that “[t]he state of affairs confronting KSE at the
time it signed the Oderco [c]ontract on 21 December 2005 was one of immense
urgency”.

125 If KSE was not remiss in the early days of the Oderco contract, need it
have done more as construction progressed and the difficulties of working with
Oderco became apparent? As a general proposition, we are of the view that KSE
need only act reasonably within the context in which the Parties contracted.
According to Mr Craven, the following active steps should have been taken by
KSE once things started to go awry:[note: 40]

Once there is obvious and serious slippage impacting final delivery, KSE
should put in place a reasonable recovery programme. This required KSE to find
out the reasons for the delay and to take steps to recover progress to be in
line with the construction schedule. Possible actions that I would expect to
be taken are:

a.Find out what needs to be done and what’s outstanding

b.Realistic & close professional monitoring of progress

c.KSE to consider taking over of procurement of equipment

d.KSE to review the purchase orders … to ensure that equipment was purchased

126 But, KSE did do all of those things. The evidence shows that KSE kept
close tabs on the goings-on at Oderco. It asked for recovery schedules as
construction fell behind schedule. When periodic inspections coupled with
constant and robustly-worded correspondence proved ineffective, Mr Connolly
was deployed to Oderco’s yard (the fact that Oderco allowed Mr Connolly to be
present does not detract from our previous point on the Parties’ omission to
stipulate that KSE should, in its contract with the builder of the WPU, make
provision for onsite supervision as that relates to the provisions in the
JVA). KSE also assisted with the procurement of key pieces of critical
equipment, going to the extent of arranging for expedited transport and paying
in advance for such equipment, not to mention paying the salaries of Oderco’s
employees as well as the fee for the certification of the WPU, none of which
KSE was obliged to do under the Oderco contract. BRE could not have had any
complaints on this score.

127 This brings us to our next and more general point: nowhere in the evidence
was it suggested that BRE was at any time unhappy with KSE’s performance of
its obligations. We asked BRE’s counsel, Mr Philip Jeyaretnam SC (“Mr
Jeyaretnam”), to refer us to any correspondence where BRE had indicated to KSE
that its conduct was not satisfactory. In response, Mr Jeyaretnam directed us
to an e-mail dated 19 September 2006, wherein Mr Yazid exclaimed to GBC:[note:
41]

MY GOD! We are struggling to meet the deadline even with airfreighting the mud
pumps and the BOP … now SEAFREIGHT??? What are these guys doing? have they no
sense whatsoever about the importance of completing this job on TIME?? This
WPU is supposed to be delivered in 180 days. [PCSB] was kind enough to extend
till Mid-September and now we really got on their nerve. The last date to
deliver in LABUAN, Malaysia is 25th October. JUST COMPLETE THE RIG!!!
[original emphasis omitted]

128 This e-mail was sent in response to an e-mail from GBC to Dr Samir, which
was also copied to Mr Yazid, pointing out that Oderco’s project manager had
mistakenly arranged for the mud pumps needed for the WPU to be sent by sea
freight instead of airfreight. In our view, it is clear that Mr Yazid was not
complaining about KSE. Instead, he was expressing disbelief at the lack of
urgency exhibited by Oderco and its employees _. It is also striking that Mr
Jeyaretnam could not direct us to any earlier item of correspondence, as this
e-mail was sent late in the day indeed._ Moreover, the evidence suggests that
BRE was in fact satisfied with KSE. Pertinently, on 15 November 2006, Mr Yazid
wrote to GBC:[note: 42]

Dear BC,

Todate we are six (6) months behind time for the delivery of this WPU. We were
given 180 days to deliver this project and todate a slippage of 180 days has
been sustained. _At this late stages of the project the builder is holding us
by the bxxxx_. We do not have time to negotiate with the builder. I believe we
really need to incur this cost [a US$350,000 change order proposed by Oderco]
as to expedite the time loss and to save whatever is left of [BRE’s]
reputation with the client.

_I appreciate all the effort that you on behalf of [KSE] had done to deliver
this project._

Thank you and regards.

[emphasis added]

129 This e-mail illustrates Oderco’s opportunistic behaviour, which the
Parties had to deal with. More importantly, it indicates that far from being
dissatisfied with KSE, Mr Yazid was in fact appreciative of its efforts.
Indeed, at the trial, Mr Yazid testified:[note: 43]

Q.Did you feel on 15 November [2006] that [KSE] was not fulfilling their part
of the bargain with you – with BRE?

A.Not at any point.

Q.You never felt that they were not doing their part?

A.No.

Q.So –

A. _I always feel they are doing their part_.

[emphasis added]

130 While we accept Mr Jeyaretnam’s argument that Mr Yazid’s opinion of KSE’s
conduct is not determinative of the matter, it is nevertheless weighty
evidence of what was reasonable for KSE to do in the circumstances. _If no one
from BRE had expressed unhappiness with KSE, and a key individual of BRE had
gone so far as to convey his compliments, one wonders what omission KSE can
now be accused of being culpable of._ This point is reinforced by the fact
that there is no reason to believe that BRE and its employees were novices in
the oil and gas industry who did not know any better.

131 We turn to our third point, which is that an obligor may have to choose
between different reasonable courses of action, and in so choosing, will have
to exercise its judgment to determine which would be the most efficacious in
the circumstances. The obligor is not to be faulted for making a choice that
was only revealed to be ineffective after the fact. This is not to say that
the obligor need not take _all_ those reasonable steps which a prudent and
determined individual, acting in the obligee’s interests and anxious to
procure the contractually-stipulated outcome within the available time, would
take, or that the obligor need not do everything reasonable in good faith with
a view to procuring the contractually-stipulated outcome within the time
allowed. As indicated in _Travista_ as well as above at [47] and [62], the
obligor must do all of those things. However, it will often be faced with
conflicting tacks or strategies which it must choose between. In this case,
BRE effectively persuaded the Judge that KSE was obliged by clause 6.2 of the
JVA to adopt a _hardline_ approach in dealing with Oderco, for example, by
deploying onsite supervision from the outset, or by threatening to employ an
alternative rig builder or commence legal proceedings when Oderco would not
comply with its obligations. While that is certainly one approach that could
have been taken, we do not think it was the only approach that was available,
or even the approach that was most likely to succeed. Our reasons are as
follows.

132 First, although Oderco eventually revealed itself to be a partner that was
very difficult to work with, the Parties would not have known this from the
outset. Oderco was a consensual choice and KSE need not have been unduly
suspicious that Oderco would not uphold its end of the bargain. Second, as the
difficulties of working with Oderco became more apparent, it was eminently
sensible for KSE to apply increasing pressure on Oderco by ratchetting upward
the vigour of its objections. It will not be in every case that the obligor is
required to progress directly to a hardline approach, if at all.

133 Third, a hardline approach might not have been advisable in the
circumstances; an obligation to use all reasonable or best endeavours is not
an injunction to behave as a bull in a china shop. The Parties both operated
in Southeast Asia, while Oderco was based in the Middle East. It is unlikely
that the Parties would have been familiar with the operating environment or
the bounds of acceptable business dealings there. There might have been
cultural sensitivities that would have rendered a hardline approach
inadvisable. It will often be necessary to give an obligor the benefit of the
doubt where it exercises circumspection in circumstances where business
practices are unfamiliar or unclear.

134 On a related note, KSE might quite reasonably have thought that it was in
too weak a position to make demands of Oderco. Oderco had KSE over the
figurative barrel. KSE did not have an existing business relationship that it
could use as leverage to motivate Oderco. The Oderco contract only provided
for liquidated damages of US$5,000 per day to be paid to KSE for late
delivery, subject to a maximum of US$150,000. This was less than 2% of the sum
which KSE was to pay Oderco under the Oderco contract. It was also known to
all involved that rig builders with spare capacity were hard to come by at the
material time, given the heated state of the market then. Even if an
alternative rig builder had been available, KSE would have had to take into
account the time necessary to transfer the partially-completed WPU to another
yard and resume construction. As noted at [15] above, it eventually took KSE
around three months to effect the transfer to its own yard. Moreover, Mr
Yazid’s e-mail of 15 November 2006 quoted at [128] above illustrates in
graphic fashion that it was Oderco which held all the cards.

135 Even if KSE had not been subject to all these disadvantages, we have some
reservations about overstating the extent to which KSE could have intervened
in the construction of the WPU. Mr Craven stated that given that it became
reasonably clear that Oderco could not deliver the WPU on time and that PCSB
had no confidence in Oderco, KSE should have considered alternatives to speed
up progress and instil confidence in PCSB, such as taking over the operations
of Oderco’s yard or its critical operations so that KSE could effectively
manage progress. We have already noted that KSE had no entitlement to do so.
Further, we do not think that was a realistic proposition. We find Mr Wills’
view that KSE could only increase its involvement to a limited degree
persuasive:[note: 44]

Q.Given the critical situation as at 10 May 2006, what steps, in your view,
should [KSE] have taken to try and salvage this critical situation?

A.There would obviously be the supervision side which we’ve discussed earlier.
We have talked about possible paying for vendors, _but there is, obviously,
there’s only a limited amount you can do in someone else’s fabrication yard.
You are constrained by, I suppose, the rules and regulations, however unusual,
that you have in that fabrication yard. So you can’t go around opening doors
and kicking doors down because it’s not your yard_.

So, supervision side, yes, [KSE] could have, but you are limited that you are
only there as a supervisor.

…

Q.Was an option of sending a project team down to the Oderco yard to take over
the operations of the yard a feasible option, Mr Wills?

A.No, I don’t think so. Dealing with any shipyard or fabrication yard, it
would be highly unusual for a team of people to walk in to that yard – someone
else’s property – and say “We are taking over that yard”.

Almost certainly, what would happen is the owner of the yard – whoever he may
be – would be very disgruntled, and more than likely he would cause an awful
lot of problem for the project that you have said you are going to take over
his yard on, and a likely scenario would be, he would tell all his labour and
all of his workforce not to cooperate.

_So you may well have the biggest supervision team in the world, but if you
don’t have any labour to do the work, you are not going to complete the
project_.

[emphasis added]

136 Indeed, we saw no evidence of BRE urging KSE to take a hardline approach
with Oderco before this dispute arose. Next, we observe that KSE’s behaviour
bore all the hallmarks of a prudent and determined company acting in BRE’s
interests and anxious to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome within
the time allowed. KSE’s employees were persistent in pushing Oderco to
perform. They stepped in to the extent that was reasonable when persuasion
proved ineffective – deploying Mr Connolly (and subsequently, Francis) to
Oderco’s yard, assisting with the procurement of critical equipment and making
sizable payments on behalf of Oderco. Most tellingly, KSE eventually took over
the construction of the WPU itself. It obviously wanted to have the WPU
completed.

137 In the final analysis, a distinction must be drawn between an obligation
to use all reasonable endeavours to have a third party do a thing (which was
the position KSE was in) and an obligation to use all reasonable endeavours to
do that thing on one’s own. Neither BRE nor the Judge drew a line based on
this critical distinction. For all the foregoing reasons, we find that KSE did
not breach clause 6.2 of the JVA.

Did KSE’s breach cause BRE loss?

138 This necessarily disposes of BRE’s claim against KSE, and means that the
substantive appeal must be allowed. However, we shall deal with the issue of
causation out of deference to the extensive submissions of counsel on this
issue and also for completeness.

Must causation be proved?

139 KSE has cited a number of authorities for the proposition that causation
is an essential element of liability, and that the burden is on the plaintiff
to prove it (see, _eg_ , _Asia Hotel Investments Ltd v Starwood Asia Pacific
Management Ptd Ltd and another_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 661 at [41] and [147], and
_Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 782 at
[71]). It suffices to reproduce the excerpt from _The Law of Contract in
Singapore_ (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) relied
upon by KSE (at para 22.014):

It seems almost too obvious to state as a principle, but damages may only be
awarded if the promise[e]-claimant _proves_ that the defaulting promisor’s
breach of contract _caused_ the loss sustained by the promisee. As the Court
of Appeal put it in _Salcon Ltd v United Cement Pte Ltd_ [[2004] 4 SLR(R)
353], “[t]hat causation must be established before the question of
quantification of damages arises is obvious”. [emphasis in original]

140 BRE, on the other hand, continued to contend before this court that
causation was an issue for the assessment of damages. However, it did not
entirely align itself with the Judge’s reasoning at [144]–[145] of the
Judgment. Instead, it argued:[note: 45]

KSE’s argument that the learned Judge failed to consider causation in the
context of liability is misconceived. **_Loss occurred upon non-delivery of
the WPU_** , and the learned Judge repeatedly held that this was caused by
KSE’s breach. KSE’s submission that it could not be liable to BRE for the
cancellation of the PSCB Contract because such cancellation would have
occurred “regardless” was correctly identified by the learned Judge as a
matter for the assessment of damages … [original emphasis omitted; emphasis
added in bold italics]

We do not agree that loss occurred immediately upon non-delivery of the WPU.
This is at odds with the non-absolute character of clause 6.2 of the JVA
(reproduced at [9] above). Since BRE seeks damages for the termination of the
PCSB contract, it must prove on a balance of probabilities that KSE’s breach
of clause 6.2 of the JVA led to that termination. More specifically, BRE must
prove that had KSE used all reasonable endeavours, it could have procured the
construction and delivery of the WPU by 12 April 2007 so as to avoid PCSB’s
termination.

Causation on the facts

141 In this regard, assuming (contrary to our finding at [137] above) that KSE
did breach clause 6.2 of the JVA, we are of the view that there is a lack of
direct evidence that but for such breach, the WPU could have been completed
and delivered to PCSB in Labuan by 12 April 2007. The Parties’ experts were
not asked to opine on this matter, and counsel did not construct a possible
chain of events that could have led to the delivery of the WPU by that date.
However, in our judgment, the weight of the evidence lies against such a
finding.

142 The WPU should have been completed sometime before 12 April 2007 if it
were to be delivered to PCSB in Labuan by that date. Instead, construction
continued until August 2007 and was not completed even then. KSE eventually
had to transfer the partially-completed WPU to its own yard, and that was
accomplished in early November 2007. BRE had to prove that earlier and more
extensive supervision on KSE’s part would have expedited the construction of
the WPU by at least approximately seven months (taking the period from 12
April 2007 to early November 2007, when the partially-completed WPU was moved
to KSE’s yard), roughly half of the time taken for construction as at 12 April
2007. In this regard, Mr Craven testified:[note: 46]

Depending very much on equipment deliveries, **_the construction of a similar
[WPU] would be expected to take about 9 to 12 months_** – to say Oderco could
provide this in 6 months (including transport to Malaysia) is very optimistic
and should have been recognized as such by KSE at the time of signing the
Oderco Contract. … [emphasis added in bold italics]

When Mr Craven made the estimate of nine to 12 months for the construction of
a WPU, he must have had in mind a competent and committed rig builder.
Instead, KSE had Oderco, which Mr Wills described in unvarnished language as
“a sometimes frustrating, obstinate and badly organized builder”.[note: 47]
Even the 15 and a half months between 21 December 2005 (the date on which the
Oderco contract was entered into) and 12 April 2007 might not have been
adequate for Oderco.

143 It is also not clear what would have been achieved by extensive onsite
supervision of Oderco from the outset. Supervision by experts who could
identify lapses and propose solutions would have been useful had KSE been
working with an earnest rig builder interested in constructing the WPU as
quickly as possible and in accordance with its obligations. However, as Mr
Craven observed:[note: 48]

… [O]n the basis of the documents reviewed by me, it is my professional
opinion that the entire project was poorly organized, mismanaged and lacking
in proper professional supervision both on the part of Oderco (the
construction yard) and KSE. **_Especially culpable is Oderco who did not
appear to be concerned at the significant delays and appear[ed] to have been
intransigent_** but this does not excuse KSE from its obligation to monitor
progress and make all reasonable endeavours to ensure the target delivery date
was met and to take timely action when it was obvious that the project was
running very significantly behind schedule. [emphasis added in bold italics]

Moreover, it should not be too readily assumed that onsite supervision would
even have revealed what was wrong. Mr Wills observed:[note: 49]

Q.Would I be correct to say that one of the steps [KSE] ought to have taken
was to try and find out what was causing the delay?

A.Yes. But again, that would have to – in order to find out what was causing
the delay, you would obviously need some sort of cooperation from Dr Samir in
this case, and if Dr Samir is unwilling to give this information, then it
would create problems and make the task even more difficult.

144 Further, as construction of the WPU progressed, it became abundantly clear
to KSE that Oderco was apparently unconcerned by time pressures. How would
knowing in greater detail what Oderco’s inadequacies were have been helpful?
The chain of e-mails reproduced above indicates that Oderco was not a partner
with whom one could cooperate to solve problems. Moreover, as noted above at
[135], Mr Wills testified that there was only so much which an employer’s
representatives could do at a builder’s yard. An employer would also be well
advised to be sensitive to a builder’s desire to control its own operations
and safeguard potentially confidential information. The benefit of onsite
supervision, then, should not be overstated. This was all the more so
considering that the company to be supervised was Oderco.

145 Mr Connolly reported to KSE on 18 September 2006 that Oderco was applying
all its resources, and that “[i]f they had worked on this job from long before
July [2006], then they may have finished by now. This week, they should be in
the middle of testing and commissioning”.[note: 50] It is tempting to conclude
that pervasive onsite supervision and properly-applied pressure might have
secured the completion of the WPU by mid-September 2006, as Mr Connolly
estimated, but we are of the view that this should not be assumed. Reading
between the lines, it is likely that Oderco was prioritising other projects,
given the strong demand for rig builders at the material time. A WPU is a
small and relatively basic rig. This might have been one reason why Oderco was
not interested in building the WPU for KSE in earnest.

146 Moreover, it is necessary to focus on the operative cause of Oderco’s
delays. Relying on Mr Craven’s evidence, the Judge explained that the
construction of a WPU had three stages: (a) fabrication of the WPU’s
structure; (b) delivery and installation of critical equipment; and (c)
commissioning. On the basis of photographs of the construction of the WPU, Mr
Craven testified that the first stage was 95–100% complete by June or July
2006, and Mr Wills agreed that it was 95% complete by July 2006. Expediting
the first stage of construction would not have been helpful if there was no
critical equipment to install thereafter. Onsite supervision would therefore
not just have had to procure the quicker fabrication of the WPU’s structure,
but would also have had to ensure that critical equipment was ordered in a
timeous manner. The evidence indicates that onsite supervision would not have
been very useful in this regard. The Judge accepted that there should have
been hundreds of purchase orders for critical equipment by February 2006, and
found that KSE was remiss in not having seized upon the fact that Oderco was
only prepared to reveal 12 purchase orders. In fact, KSE did not even get to
see those 12 purchase orders. GBC testified that Oderco was concerned with
confidentiality and did not want KSE to know who their suppliers were and how
much was being paid for the critical equipment ordered. During the visit to
Oderco’s yard on 8 and 9 February 2006, the purchase orders were shown to PCSB
but not KSE. If KSE did not know what had been ordered and from whom, it would
not really have been in a position to expedite matters, save to keep urging
Oderco to provide the purchase orders.

147 Leaving the issue of onsite supervision aside, it will be recalled that Mr
Craven said that a recovery programme should have been put in place once it
became clear that Oderco was behind schedule. Again, such a programme would
only have been viable with a committed rig builder with the capacity to
implement it. Mr Wills observed:[note: 51]

Q.Should [KSE] have also considered a recovery programme to ensure that Oderco
was able to catch up on the construction schedule?

A.Yes, if my memory serves me correctly, there were actually requests for
recovery schedules, but as we have also discussed between myself and Mr
Craven, _the project schedules produced by Oderco were very unreliable_. So
even – that probably stems from the fact that their planning engineer was
frequently changed, and obviously didn’t seem to know how to use the software
appropriately.

_So even providing a recovery schedule, it might have some difficulties
interpreting what is in that recovery schedule. Just like – I think Oderco
issued about 10 schedules during the duration of the project, and many of them
were completely unreliable._

[emphasis added]

If KSE could not have compelled Oderco to stick to a recovery programme,
putting in place such a programme would have been a pointless exercise.

148 We are also persuaded by KSE’s argument that the effective cause of delay
beyond 12 April 2007 was the time taken for the delivery, installation and
commissioning of the VFD. Oderco issued the purchase order for the VFD on 12
February 2006. This provided for a delivery date of seven months ex-works,
_ie_ , by 12 September 2006. On 25 August 2006, Oderco received notice from
the manufacturer that the ex-works delivery date would be postponed to the end
of October or early November 2006 due to a shortage of materials. On 4
November 2006, Mr Connolly reported to GBC that the VFD was complete, but
would not be released for airfreight until Oderco received funds. The payments
were made later in November 2006, but the VFD only left the manufacturer on 11
January 2007, ostensibly because of further testing. The VFD eventually
arrived at Oderco’s yard on 23 January 2007, but delays continued at the yard,
and by July 2007, the VFD had yet to be commissioned. On 16 July 2007, Mr
Connolly’s replacement, Francis, told GBC that the manufacturer’s
subcontractor said that the VFD had not been tested at the factory because the
equipment had to be airfreighted urgently. This resulted in a long time being
spent setting up the VFD on site.

149 Would the procurement of the VFD have been within KSE’s control? It has
already been said that KSE had limited access to Oderco’s purchase orders and
would not have known that the VFD was scheduled for delivery to Oderco only on
(originally) 12 September 2006. Even if KSE had known about this, it is not
clear that KSE could have done anything about it. When questioned by the
Judge, Mr Wills testified as follows:[note: 52]

Court: |  If this is a firm purchase order, can the supplier keep changing the delivery date?  
---|---  
A. |  Unfortunately, your Honour –  
Court: |  Without any penalty?  
A. |  – with this type of equipment it’s very much the vendors and suppliers who call the shots, because they are quite specialised in the equipment they provide. So, typically, drilling rig manufacturers will stick to their preferred VFD, their preferred equipment. And furthermore, if one manufacturer is having difficulty in delivering, the likelihood is [its] equivalent or a competitor will be having the same problems.  
|  So it’s unfortunate – it’s an unfortunate part of the industry at this
point in time.  
…  
Court: |  Really, at the end of the day, this is a one-year order in advance, right?  
A. |  Essentially, yes, your Honour.  
…  
Court: |  Yes, all right.  
|  Is that normal?  
A. |  In an active market, yes, unfortunately. It’s one of those things that happens.  
  
  

150 Thus, the late original delivery date of 12 September 2006 for the VFD was
normal in an active market, and it is not likely that a shorter delivery
period could have been arranged by any efforts on KSE’s part. Moreover, rig
builders and customers alike are at the mercy of specialised equipment
manufacturers such as VFD manufacturers, and any difficulties faced by one
manufacturer are likely to also be faced by other manufacturers. If Mr Wills
is correct, even if KSE had intervened at the outset, it is unlikely that the
delivery of the VFD could have been expedited. Consequently, the WPU could not
have been completed by 12 April 2007 even if KSE had exercised all reasonable
endeavours.

KSE’s counterclaim

151 Turning to KSE’s counterclaim, KSE averred that BRE was in breach of the
JVA on the following bases:

(a) BRE’s termination of the JVA was wrongful and constituted a repudiatory
breach of the JVA;

(b) BRE breached clause 6.5 of the JVA in failing to: (i) comply with the PCSB
contract; and (ii) ensure that the PCSB contract remained valid, binding and
enforceable on PCSB; and

(c) BRE breached clause 3.6A of the JVA in failing to contribute the sum of
US$400,000 to BRO as a shareholders’ loan.

152 KSE pleaded for damages to be assessed for losses arising from these
breaches. However, we are of the view that KSE suffered no quantifiable loss
that may be assessed. While it is true that BRE’s purported termination of the
JVA was wrongful because KSE had not breached its contractual obligations to
BRE, we cannot see what losses flowed from this breach. Even if BRE had not
terminated the JVA, there was a separate contract between KSE and BRO (_viz_ ,
the BRO contract), whose terms KSE had to comply with. Under the BRO contract,
KSE had an absolute obligation to provide BRO with a WPU by 17 June 2006. KSE
had breached this obligation by a wide margin by the time BRE terminated the
JVA on 26 December 2007. Although time was not stated to be of the essence in
the BRO contract, it is likely that that contract would have been at an end
once KSE missed the 17 June 2006 deadline and BRO would not have been obliged
to accept delivery of the WPU thereafter. The WPU would then have been KSE’s
to do with as it pleased, but would have been no concern of BRE’s. It would
have remained for the Parties to promote the business of BRO. But, with BRO
having no capital equipment and no customers, what loss can be said to have
been caused by BRE’s failure to do this? Accordingly, we are of the view that
only nominal damages, if at all, should be awarded to KSE for BRE’s wrongful
termination of the JVA.

153 Similarly, we cannot see what loss was caused to KSE by BRE’s omission to
extend the US$400,000 shareholders’ loan to BRO. Being only a loan and not an
injection of capital, this sum would have had no overall impact on BRO’s
balance sheet and, hence, no impact on KSE as a shareholder. Given also that
BRO was to pay for the WPU through bank financing procured by KSE, KSE cannot
claim that BRE’s failure to advance the said loan caused BRO to be unable to
pay for the WPU. We further note that KSE itself similarly failed to extend
the shareholders’ loan stipulated in clause 3.6A of the JVA.

154 Turning to basis (b) of KSE’s counterclaim (see [151] above), we are of
the view that clause 6.5 of the JVA cannot be read as imposing an obligation
on BRE’s part to keep the PCSB contract alive once PCSB exercised its right of
termination. Further, BRE managed its relationship with PCSB well enough in
that the PCSB contract was terminated only on 12 April 2007, almost ten months
after PCSB’s right to terminate arose. Thus, BRE cannot be said to have
breached clause 6.5 of the JVA.

Conclusion

155 In summary, we allow KSE’s appeal and find that it did not breach clause
6.2 of the JVA. The Judge’s order for damages to be assessed by the Registrar
is annulled. We also find that BRE was not entitled to terminate the JVA.
However, as we further find that no substantive loss was caused by this
wrongful termination, we make no order as to damages in favour of KSE.

156 KSE is to have the costs of the proceedings here and below, which costs
are to be taxed if not agreed. The usual consequential orders are to apply.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle II(A) p 7.

[note: 2]Appellant’s Core Bundle II(A) p 8.

[note: 3]Appellant’s Core Bundle II(A) pp 17–18.

[note: 4]Record of Appeal (“RA”) III(I) p 297.

[note: 5]Appellant’s Core Bundle II(A) p 44.

[note: 6]Appellant’s Core Bundle II(A) p 51.

[note: 7]RA III(K) p 64.

[note: 8]Appellant’s Core Bundle II(A) p 17.

[note: 9]RA III(I) p 297.

[note: 10]Appellant’s Core Bundle II(A) p 223.

[note: 11]RA II p 16.

[note: 12]RA II pp 16–17.

[note: 13]RA II p 18.

[note: 14]RA II pp 19–20.

[note: 15]RA II pp 21–22.

[note: 16]RA II p 16.

[note: 17]RA III(I) p 297.

[note: 18]Appellant’s Core Bundle II(A) p 10.

[note: 19]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle I p 26.

[note: 20]_Ibid_.

[note: 21]Appellant’s Core Bundle II(A) p 186.

[note: 22]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle II p 18.

[note: 23]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle II p 24.

[note: 24]RA III(L) p 221.

[note: 25]RA III(L) p 223.

[note: 26]RA III(L) p 229.

[note: 27]RA III(L) p 228.

[note: 28]RA III(L) p 228.

[note: 29]RA III(L) p 231.

[note: 30]RA III(L) p 233.

[note: 31]RA III(L) p 241.

[note: 32]RA III(R) p 79.

[note: 33]RA III(R) p 80.

[note: 34]RA III(R) p 101.

[note: 35]RA III(R) p 101.

[note: 36]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle I p 8.

[note: 37]Appellant’s Core Bundle II(A) p 17.

[note: 38]Appellant’s Core Bundle II(A) p 43.

[note: 39]RA III(CC) pp 21-22.

[note: 40]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle I p 12.

[note: 41]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle I pp 244–245.

[note: 42]Appellant’s Core Bundle II(B) p 34.

[note: 43]Appellant’s Core Bundle II(A) p 131.

[note: 44]RA III(CC) pp 98-100.

[note: 45]Respondent’s Case at para 106.

[note: 46]RA III(A) p 167.

[note: 47]RA III(P) p 236.

[note: 48]RA III(A) p 166.

[note: 49]RA III(CC) p 90.

[note: 50]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle II p 72.

[note: 51]RA III(CC) pp 91–92.

[note: 52]RA III(CC) pp 112-114.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

