Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Kwong Ling Yi _v_ Liu Kah Foong  
[2014] SGHC 47

Case Number| :| Divorce Suit No 3018 of 2011 (Registrar's Appeal from
Subordinate Courts No 81 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 March 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Linda Ong (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for
Appellant/Plaintiff; Respondent/Defendant, in person.  
Parties| :|  Kwong Ling Yi — Liu Kah Foong  
  
19 March 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei JC:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal to the High Court in respect of the ancillary matters in
Divorce Suit No 3018 of 2011. The plaintiff wife (“the Plaintiff”) and the
defendant husband (“the Defendant”) married on 1 October 1981. Divorce
proceedings were commenced by the Plaintiff on 23 June 2011 on the grounds of
the Defendant’s unreasonable behaviour. Interim judgment was granted on 19
March 2012. The marriage lasted some 31 years. On 7 June 2013, the learned
District Judge Jen Koh (“the learned DJ”) delivered her decision in respect of
the ancillary matters. An appeal was filed by the Plaintiff on 20 June 2013
and the appeal was heard by this court on 7 October 2013 and 28 November 2013.

2 After hearing the parties, I am allowing the Plaintiff’s appeal in part with
the result that she is to receive 65% of the net value of the matrimonial
property. Details of the ancillary order, as varied on appeal, are set out
towards the end of the judgment. I now give the reasons for my decision.

The proceedings leading to the appeal

3 To understand the context of the current appeal, a brief summary of the
proceedings leading to the appeal will be helpful. I also add that because the
Defendant appeared as a litigant-in-person at the hearing of the appeal, I
have decided to set out in some detail the arguments and issues that were
raised by both parties.

4 Divorce proceedings were commenced by the Plaintiff on 23 June 2011 on the
grounds of the Defendant’s unreasonable behaviour. The Defendant did not
contest the divorce. Interim judgment was granted on 19 March 2012 with the
ancillary proceedings adjourned to be heard in chambers. On 7 June 2013, the
learned DJ delivered her decision in respect of the ancillary matters. The
costs of the divorce hearing were fixed at S$2,000, while the costs of the
ancillary proceedings were fixed at S$6,000 plus disbursements. By a letter
dated 7 June 2013, the Plaintiff’s solicitors claimed disbursements amounting
to S$2,242.

5 The order of the learned DJ was for the matrimonial property at 4B Marigold
Drive, Singapore to be divided equally between the parties. The Plaintiff was
also given an option, exercisable within 30 days, to buy over the Defendant’s
half-share. In the event that the option was exercised, the matrimonial
property was to be valued on the basis of a sale in the open market less the
outstanding mortgage loan. Costs and expenses of the transfer and sale were to
be borne by the Plaintiff. The Defendant, if so required by the CPF Board, was
to refund his CPF account monies used for the purchase of the matrimonial
property together with the accrued interest. The transfer and sale of the
Defendant’s half-share to the Plaintiff was to be completed within 4 months of
the expiry of the 30-day option period.

6 In the event that the Plaintiff did not exercise the option, the matrimonial
property was to be sold in the open market with the parties having joint
conduct of the sale. The net proceeds, after deducting the outstanding
mortgage loan and other costs and expenses, were to be apportioned equally
between the parties. The parties were to refund their respective CPF accounts
monies used for the purchase of the matrimonial property together with the
accrued interest, if so required by the CPF Board.

7 The order of the learned DJ was such that the Plaintiff’s half-share in the
matrimonial property was inclusive of her claim for maintenance and that each
party was to retain his/her own assets without further division. Both parties
also agreed that they would be jointly and equally responsible for the costs
and expenses of their son’s education and living expenses in the United
Kingdom (“UK”).[note: 1]

8 An appeal was filed by the Plaintiff on 20 June 2013 against the whole of
the learned DJ’s order, save for the order as to costs. Subsequently, the
Plaintiff limited her appeal to a claim for the division of the matrimonial
property on an 80:20 basis in her favour. In addition, the Plaintiff, in her
appeal, also sought maintenance as follows:

(a) payment of S$140,585 as arrears of maintenance; and

(b) payment of S$163,260 as lump sum maintenance by way of deduction from the
sale proceeds arising from the Defendant’s half-share in the matrimonial
property.

9 On 11 July 2013, new solicitors were appointed to represent the Plaintiff
for the appeal that was fixed for hearing on 30 September 2013. On 7 August
2013, the Registrar granted the Plaintiff an extension of time to file both
the submissions and the Record of Appeal by 9 September 2013. At that time,
the Defendant was still represented by a firm of solicitors.

10 On 13 September 2013, the Defendant applied for an extension of time to
file his submissions and for the hearing to be vacated and re-fixed. The
application was heard by the learned Assistant Registrar Teo Guan Kee (“the
learned AR”) on 25 September 2013. He directed that the Defendant’s
application for the extension of time be heard on 30 September 2013 at the
commencement of the appeal. Before the learned AR, counsel for the Defendant
indicated that he would also be applying to discharge himself on that date as
the Defendant had decided to represent himself and take over the conduct of
the appeal.

11 At the commencement of the hearing for the appeal on 30 September 2013,
counsel for the Defendant applied for and was granted leave to discharge
himself. Under such circumstances, the Defendant, now a litigant-in-person,
was granted an extension of time to prepare and file his submissions for the
appeal. The hearing date for the appeal was re-fixed for 7 October 2013. The
Defendant was ordered to pay costs to the Plaintiff for the 30 September 2013
hearing fixed at S$500. For completeness sake, it is noted that at the hearing
before the learned DJ, the Defendant had also applied to discharge his counsel
at the start of the ancillary proceedings.

12 On the re-fixed date of the appeal on 7 October 2013, the Plaintiff applied
by way of Summons No 30072 of 2013 for leave to admit new evidence in the form
of a report with accompanying enclosures dated 2 October 2013 from a firm of
Hong Kong solicitors. The report and its enclosures concerned information in
relation to the Defendant’s ownership of a half-share in a flat located in
Hong Kong, identified as Flat H, 4th Floor, Cherry Mansion, Nos 17–39, 19A,
23A–35A and 90A Oak Street, Nos 22 and 22A, Cherry Street, Kowloon, Hong Kong
(“the HK Property”). This information had not been disclosed previously to the
learned DJ and was said to be relevant to the Defendant’s assets and means,
and also as supporting evidence for the Plaintiff’s assertions of the
Defendant’s failure to make full and frank disclosure. Therefore, leave was
granted to the Plaintiff and the hearing was adjourned to enable the Defendant
to file an affidavit explaining the circumstances in which he had acquired the
HK Property and how it had been subsequently disposed.[note: 2]

13 The appeal was finally heard by this court on 28 November 2013. Judgment
was reserved.

The parties’ marriage

14 The parties were married in Singapore on 1 October 1981. This was the
Defendant’s second marriage and the Plaintiff’s first marriage.

15 The Defendant has two children from his first marriage (aged 38 and 34
years old). The parties have two children from this union. The first (aged 31
years old) was born on 28 July 1982. The second child of the union (aged 25
years old), the younger son, was born on 29 December 1988. As at the date of
the hearing before the learned DJ, the younger son was still studying in the
UK. Whilst all 4 children are now _sui juris_ , there is no dispute that they
had stayed with the parties during the marriage and that the Defendant’s
children from his first marriage were “treated and considered” as children of
the marriage between the Plaintiff and Defendant.[note: 3]

16 The parties were originally from Hong Kong. They appear to have migrated to
Singapore at the time of or shortly before their marriage over 30 years ago.
For the sake of completeness, it is noted that the Plaintiff has stated in her
affidavit that she had migrated to Singapore prior to their marriage in
Singapore.[note: 4] Apart from that, there is evidence that the Plaintiff
still has familial connections in Hong Kong presently.[note: 5]

17 The matrimonial property is a private townhouse that was purchased in 2004.
According to the learned DJ at [8] of the Grounds of Decision (“the GD”), the
matrimonial property was valued by the parties at S$1.6m. There was an
outstanding mortgage loan of S$359,948.93 as at April 2012 and the parties
agreed that the net value of the matrimonial property was in the region of
S$1.2m.

18 For the 10 years prior to their moving into the matrimonial property, it
appears that the parties had stayed in rented accommodation.[note: 6] The
Plaintiff asserts that she paid most of the rental expenses during that
period. Where the parties lived prior to that period in Singapore is not
immediately clear.

19 With regard to the Defendant’s history of employment, the evidence set out
in both parties’ affidavits establishes that the Defendant had worked for
substantial periods of time outside of Singapore during the course of the
marriage (mostly it appears, in China). That said, it is noted that there is
some dispute as to the duration of the periods when the Defendant was working
overseas. Nonetheless, what is clear is that the Defendant’s last employment
was as the General Manager of Rigel Technology (S) Pte Ltd (“Rigel”) in
Luzhou, China. The Defendant also states by way of background information that
he works in the field of high technology manufacturing. Whilst it is clear
that he has significant experience in that industry, it is noted that the
Defendant is now 63 years of age (having turned 60 in 2009). In this regard,
the Defendant asserts that it has been hard for him to return to the industry
since his resignation from Rigel in March 2012. According to his affidavit,
the Defendant worked overseas during the following periods:[note: 7]

(a) from November 2003 to April 2006, with Celestica Electronics Ltd in
Guangdong, China;

(b) from May 2007 to July 2010, with Flextronics in Shanghai, China; and

(c) from March 2011 to May 2012, with Rigel in Luzhou, China.

20 The Defendant asserts that he was unemployed and in Singapore for the
periods from May 2006 to April 2007 and from August 2010 to February 2011. It
is not entirely clear from the Defendant’s affidavits as to whether he had
worked overseas for other periods of time.

21 Meanwhile, the Plaintiff has stated in her affidavit that the Defendant is
highly skilled and sought after in the computer, semiconductor, and electronic
manufacturing industry.[note: 8] Prior to taking up the position in Guangdong,
China in November 2003, she states that he had held the following
positions:[note: 9]

(a) from 1999 to 2003, as the Senior Vice President of WaveNewWorld
International Corporation;

(b) from 1987 to 1998, as the Director of Product Engineering of Seagate
Technology International; and

(c) from 1979 to 1987, as the Regional Manager (Asia Pacific) of National
Semiconductor (Asia Pacific, Regional HQ).

22 In summary, it is clear that during the marriage, the Defendant has worked
in the computer and semiconductor industries and that, since 2003, he has
worked for substantial periods of time in China.

23 With regard to the Plaintiff’s history of employment, it appears that prior
to her migration to Singapore, the Plaintiff had worked in Hong Kong, where
she was able to accumulate some savings.[note: 10] The Plaintiff asserts that
after moving to Singapore, she had used these savings to contribute to the
well-being of the family. The Plaintiff also states that she contributed
financially thereafter using her earnings from working at C & May Florist,
selling property as an estate agent, and through multi-level marketing of
products such as health juices (specifically Noni-Juice and Herbal Life). The
Plaintiff further elaborates that she has been working as a director in
Maylande International Pte Ltd (“Maylande”), a company involved in the beauty
treatment business in Singapore and Hong Kong, for the last ten years. C & May
Florist appears to be a florist business started by the Defendant at a hotel
in Singapore. The Plaintiff explains in her affidavit that she is a trained
florist and asserts that when the four children were young, she had to work
hard as a florist in Singapore while taking care of the family.[note: 11]

24 Therefore, it is apparent that both parties held jobs during the marriage.
During the last ten years, the Defendant mostly worked in China. On the other
hand, the Plaintiff appears to have undertaken a variety of jobs. That said,
the Plaintiff has been working at Maylande during the last ten years or so.
According to the Plaintiff, she holds some 362,099 shares in Maylande, which
is estimated to bear the value of S$13,040 as at 31 December 2009.[note: 12]
The Plaintiff explains that the finance for her various business ventures was
provided by a friend, Mr Chay (described as a business financier and adviser),
and that her present income is derived solely from Maylande.[note: 13] It also
appears that the Plaintiff travels to Hong Kong for work-related purposes as
she states that she was provided with accommodation in Hong Kong by the
company.[note: 14] The Plaintiff further asserts that Maylande’s business in
Singapore and Hong Kong are sustaining losses presently.[note: 15]

25 In relation to the evidence that Maylande is involved in the beauty
treatment business in Singapore and Hong Kong, the Defendant asserts that the
Plaintiff lived an extravagant lifestyle and frequently enjoyed entertaining
Hong Kong celebrities and singers. In response, the Plaintiff asserts that her
involvement with the celebrities and singers was in connection with her beauty
business and that those meetings were arranged or requested by her investor
friends in Hong Kong.[note: 16]

26 The Plaintiff sets out in her affidavit a detailed explanation of her
involvement in Maylande.[note: 17] It appears that the company was originally
known under a different name and was involved in the real estate agency
business. The company had belonged to Mr Chay who was also at that time
involved in the business of exporting cut-flowers. This appears to be around
the time when the Plaintiff had worked as an estate agent. Subsequently, after
the Plaintiff was convicted for an offence relating to commissions in 1996,
for which she spent some four months in prison from November 1996 to March
1997, the name of the company changed several times and it is now known as
“Maylande International Pte Ltd”. It appears from the Plaintiff’s affidavit
that Mr Chay was the party who suggested the name changes.[note: 18] Indeed,
it also appears that Mr Chay was the original owner of the company and that
the shares and assets had been transferred to the Plaintiff for S$1. Today,
Maylande is involved in the business of beauty products and treatment, and has
interests in both Singapore and Hong Kong. The same business and financial
adviser, Mr Chay, apparently provided the Plaintiff with financial support in
respect of her legal representation when she was charged for the offence in
1996.[note: 19]

27 Whilst there is considerable dispute between the parties over their
respective contributions to the marriage, it is noteworthy that the Defendant
accepts that his financial contribution or support for the Plaintiff’s
business ventures was not as significant as what was provided to her by Mr
Chay.[note: 20] The precise nature of the beauty treatment business run by
Maylande today is unclear. The Defendant has made serious allegations in his
affidavit as to the legality of some of the treatments offered and suggests
that this may be a reason for Maylande’s alleged poor earnings.[note: 21]
Unsurprisingly, the Plaintiff has strongly denied these allegations. With
regard to the business in Hong Kong, the Plaintiff states that the company had
a valid licence since 2004 to conduct the therapy treatments in question but
had to re-apply for a new licence some time around 2011.[note: 22] The
application was said to be still pending before the Hong Kong health
authorities as at the date of filing of her affidavit on 29 October 2012. The
Plaintiff has also claimed that the Singapore company possessed a licence
issued by the Health Sciences Authority of Singapore and that the company had
ceased the therapy treatment using human placenta health tonic in 2009.[note:
23]

28 The acrimony in the breakup of the marriage is evident from the numerous
affidavits filed by both parties. Numerous allegations have been made by both
the Plaintiff and the Defendant of the poor behaviour and conduct of the other
party during the marriage. One area that is stressed by the Defendant is the
Plaintiff’s alleged extravagant lifestyle, poor business sense and consequent
business losses which had placed a strain on the marriage.

29 For example, the Defendant asserts in his affidavit that the Plaintiff ran
a business known as “New Approach Entertainment” after leaving C & May
Florist.[note: 24] This business involved bringing in singers to perform in
Singapore. To this end, the Defendant exhibited an ACRA report which indicated
that the business was registered on 7 May 1990 and seemed to have been
terminated some time in 1991. In respect of this business, the Defendant also
asserts that he had to provide financial assistance in relation to a repayment
plan for some debt.[note: 25] In her affidavit, the Plaintiff responds that
New Approach Entertainment was in fact a business set up by the Defendant, who
had intended it to be a business vehicle for a karaoke lounge.[note: 26] The
business was set up in the Plaintiff’s name as the Defendant was under the
employment of Seagate and had been bound by the terms of his employment
contract which did not allow him to work for another business. According to
the Plaintiff, this business never actually started.

30 In summary, this court observes that this is a marriage in which the
Defendant spent most of his career in the computer and semiconductor
manufacturing industry. During the last ten years or so, his work took him
away from Singapore for extended periods of time. The Plaintiff, on the other
hand, had been involved in a number of different businesses. The first two
businesses, namely C & May Florist and New Approach Entertainment, were said
to have belonged to the Defendant. It appears likely that it was around the
time when the Plaintiff was working as a florist that she (and possibly the
Defendant) became acquainted with Mr Chay, the man described as the
Plaintiff’s business and financial consultant. Mr Chay was involved in the
real estate business as well as that of cut-flower trade. After leaving C &
May Florist, the Plaintiff, with the assistance of Mr Chay, worked as an
estate agent and subsequently in the beauty treatment business over the past
10 years or so. It appears that the beauty treatment business in Maylande
spans across both Hong Kong and Singapore. The extent to which the Defendant
had assisted the Plaintiff in her business ventures is unclear.

31 Both parties have made allegations concerning the poor behaviour of the
other spouse during the marriage. For example, the Plaintiff complains that
the Defendant had a mistress overseas and that he had not been truthful about
his job prospects and assets overseas. The Defendant, on the other hand, has
made many assertions relating to the Plaintiff’s extravagant lifestyle, her
incurrence of excessive renovation expenses and the strain on the family
caused by her business or employment ventures. Both parties claim to be caring
and loving parents. It is particularly sad that both parties have found it
necessary to submit affidavits which make references to the children in
attempts to make good on their respective assertions. Both parties have
alleged that there has been a lack of candour and proper disclosure of
material facts relevant to the assessment of the other party’s financial
assets and resources. Indeed, as mentioned earlier, for the purpose of this
appeal, the Plaintiff was granted leave to submit a new affidavit exhibiting a
report from a firm of Hong Kong solicitors revealing a previously undisclosed
inheritance of the Defendant. More will be said on this later in this
judgment.

The findings of the District Court and the views of the High Court

Direct contributions towards the purchase price of the matrimonial property

32 The matrimonial property was valued by the parties at S$1.6 million. There
was an outstanding mortgage of S$359,948.93 as at April 2012. On this basis,
the parties agreed before the learned DJ that the net value of the matrimonial
property was in the region of S$1.2 million.

33 The parties did not dispute the initial cash payments or the CPF payments
made towards the purchase of the matrimonial property. The main dispute here
concerned the extent to which the Plaintiff had contributed to the mortgage
repayments. The Plaintiff asserts that the Defendant stopped making mortgage
repayments since October 2007 and that the monthly repayments were paid by the
Plaintiff from that time onwards.[note: 27] There is also a dispute as to
whether the monies remitted by the Defendant to the Plaintiff whilst he was
working in China were meant for the mortgage repayments as opposed to the
other household expenses.

34 After reviewing the affidavits and submissions of both parties, the learned
DJ preferred the evidence of the Defendant to that of the Plaintiff. At [20]
of the GD, the learned DJ accepted that between 2007 and 2010, the Defendant
had remitted monies for the payment of the monthly mortgage instalments. The
Defendant’s claim was found to be supported by a sampling of the bank
statements and emails provided by him. On the other hand, the learned DJ found
that the Plaintiff was unable to produce any documentary evidence to support
her claim of having made some of the mortgage repayments during this period.
The learned DJ noted at [10] of the GD that the Plaintiff had accepted that
between December 2007 and April 2010, she did receive remittances from the
Defendant totalling S$86,340. However, the Plaintiff claims that these monies
were meant for general household expenses as well as for the payment of the
Pinetree Club membership fees. Notwithstanding this, the learned DJ found that
the monies remitted on a monthly basis were intended for the mortgage
repayments and that if the Plaintiff chose to apply those sums for some other
purpose, such as to pay the Pinetree Club membership fees, that would be at
her own prerogative. In arriving at this conclusion, the learned DJ rightly
pointed out that it was telling that the amounts remitted by the Defendant
each month during the period from 2007 to 2010 matched the amount required for
the monthly mortgage instalment of S$2,700. That said, the learned DJ accepted
that any monies remitted in excess of S$2,700 each month should not be
computed as part of the Defendant’s direct contributions to the purchase of
the matrimonial property. Instead, these were to be regarded as his
contributions towards the general household and family expenses.

35 After reviewing the affidavits and submissions in this appeal, I am of the
view that the learned DJ’s finding in respect of the mortgage repayments
between 2007 and 2010 is correct. I would also add that during this period of
time, the Defendant was working in China and it is apparent that any benefit
arising from the Pinetree Club membership must have been intended for his
family in Singapore.[note: 28]

36 At [23] of the GD, the learned DJ assessed that the Defendant had
contributed S$2,700 a month towards the mortgage repayments for the period
from October 2007 to December 2010, giving rise to a total contribution of
S$105,300. The learned DJ also rightly noted that the Plaintiff had paid the
mortgage instalments of S$2,700 a month from January 2011 (when the Defendant
had returned to Singapore from China) to April 2013 (when the hearing before
the learned DJ commenced), giving rise to a total contribution of S$75,600. On
this basis, taking into account the CPF contributions as well as the initial
payments made by the parties, the direct financial contributions towards the
purchase price of the matrimonial property were assessed at [25] of the GD and
are reproduced as follows:

|  Husband/Defendant’s Direct Financial Contributions (S$) |  Wife/Plaintiff’s Direct Financial Contributions (S$)  
---|---|---  
CPF (Principal Sum) |  231,513.79 |  Nil  
Initial Payment |  66,800 |  88,120*  
Monthly Payments |  105,300 |  75,600  
Total Direct Contribution |  403,613.79 |  163,720  
Percentage Contribution |  71.1% |  28.9%  
*According to para 16 of PA1, this sum includes stamp fees, legal costs and other incidental charges. The sum was borrowed from Mr Chay, the Plaintiff’s business and financial adviser.[note: 29]  
  
  

Contributions towards renovation and maintenance of the matrimonial property

37 Evidence provided by both parties in their respective affidavits on either
party’s contributions towards the renovation and maintenance of the
matrimonial property were sharply conflicting. According to the Plaintiff, she
incurred the sum of S$129,788.70 in respect of the maintenance and renovation
of the matrimonial property.[note: 30] This sum was disputed by the Defendant,
who asserted that the Plaintiff’s contributions only amounted to some
S$64,645. However, it bears noting that the real basis for the Defendant’s
persistent objection appears to be that the sums were spent without his
consent and were, in his view, largely a waste of money. Some of her claims
were also said to relate to a rented apartment. The learned DJ noted that the
Defendant’s claim to have spent some S$20,000 on renovation was denied by the
Plaintiff and that ultimately, neither party was able to produce any
documentary evidence in support of their respective renovation claims.

38 The fact that neither party produced documentary evidence to support their
claims for the renovation expenses, whilst important, does not necessarily
mean that this court must conclude that the Plaintiff did not make any
contributions towards the renovation and maintenance of the matrimonial
property or the rented flat. After all, it is accepted that a detailed
accounting of financial contributions is difficult, if not impossible, in many
cases. This is especially so where the marriage has been a long one and where
the sums were incurred over an extended period of time. The Defendant does
not, in any case, deny that the Plaintiff did spend monies for the purposes of
renovation and maintenance and, whilst he may be of the view that some of the
sums were extravagant or unnecessary, the fact remains that the Plaintiff does
appear to have made a substantial contribution of at least S$64,645 or
possibly even more. Even if it is accepted that the Defendant paid some
S$20,000 towards the renovation and maintenance of the matrimonial property,
it seems clear that the Plaintiff, on the whole, had made larger contributions
in this area. This is a factor which the court is entitled to take into
account as part of the overall matrix of factors in determining the
appropriate division of the matrimonial property. This court agrees with the
learned DJ that both parties are likely to have made financial contributions
towards the improvement and maintenance of the matrimonial property. That
said, whilst it is not feasible to work out the exact figures, it is more
likely that the Plaintiff’s contributions in this area were higher than that
of the Defendant’s.

Other financial contributions towards household expenses not directly
attributable to the mortgage of the matrimonial property

39 These comprise contributions towards property tax, management fees, home
insurance and electricity bills. Unsurprisingly, the evidence and assertions
in both parties’ affidavits were conflicting. In her written submissions, the
Plaintiff makes references to her claim of having spent monies on property
tax, insurance and some S$39,965 towards paying utility bills. In addition,
the Plaintiff also claims to have paid all rental expenses of the family’s
rented accommodation prior to their moving into the matrimonial property.
Whilst no figures or documentary proof has been provided, it is noted that the
Defendant does not appear to dispute her claim of having paid the rental
expenses. Whilst the learned DJ rightly concluded that both parties are likely
to have made financial contributions towards the payment of property tax,
insurance and utility bills for the matrimonial property, this court notes
that some recognition ought to be given to the fact that the Plaintiff appears
to have paid the rental expenses for some time prior to their moving into the
matrimonial property.

Non-financial contributions: Care of the family

40 At [35] of the GD, the learned DJ found that the length of marriage was
long and that both parties had played their part in terms of non-financial
contributions to the marriage. It is noted that both parties have made
allegations in respect of the other’s conduct and relationship with the
children, which is unfortunate and unhelpful. This court does not find it
necessary to further comment on how the parties discharged their parental
duties or on their relationships with the children. However, it is noted that
the Defendant had spent long periods of time away from Singapore, during which
the Plaintiff would have been effectively in charge of the day-to-day running
of the household. That said, it is clear that the Defendant had travelled
overseas for work-related purposes and that he did remit monies back to
Singapore while he was based overseas.

The Plaintiff’s Assets and Means

41 The Plaintiff is 61 years of age. In her Affidavit of Assets and Means, she
describes her occupation as a “business woman”, by which she was referring to
her employment and interest in Maylande. The Plaintiff discloses her monthly
gross income as follows:[note: 31]

(a) S$60,970 in 2007;

(b) S$9,000 in 2008;

(c) $50,000 in 2009;

(d) No income in 2010; and

(e) S$17,000 in 2011.

42 She also declared her ownership of shares in Maylande which had an
estimated value of S$13,040 as at December 2009. With regard to her CPF
account, the Plaintiff declared that, as at December 2011, she had:[note: 32]

(a) S$1,361.88 in her Ordinary Account;

(b) S$72.04 in her Special Account; and

(c) S$2,327.04 in her Medisave Account.

43 The Plaintiff also declared two bank accounts which are solely in her
name:[note: 33]

(a) UOB: S$1,661.52 as at 29 February 2012; and

(b) POSB: S$3,969.82 as at 10 March 2012.

44 In addition, the Plaintiff declared her interest in a car under hire
purchase with an estimated value of S$90,000 as at 30 April 2012.[note: 34]

45 Against this, the Plaintiff also disclosed debts owing to Mr Chay, some
banks and other individuals. These include:[note: 35]

(a) S$137,063 to Mr Chay;

(b) S$74,793 to Nassau Pte Ltd; and

(c) S$103,800 to Maybank in respect of a car loan.

46 The Plaintiff declared her monthly expenses to be S$10,685 pre-divorce and
S$12,935 post-divorce.[note: 36] At [41] of the GD, the learned DJ observed
that both sets of expenses took into account the costs and expenses of the
younger son’s education in the UK.

47 On appeal, the Plaintiff asserts that the learned DJ erred in concluding at
[39] of the GD that her average gross monthly salary ranged from S$1,400 to
S$4,166. This is said to be important because the learned DJ went on to state
at [50] that the Plaintiff must have had other sources of income given that
her declared monthly expenses far exceeded her declared average gross monthly
income. Whilst the Plaintiff has stated that Mr Chay had provided her with
financial assistance, there was no concrete evidence to support that claim.
Indeed, the learned DJ questioned the Plaintiff’s ability to meet the monthly
mortgage instalments of S$2,700 from January 2011 to April 2013. In her
written submissions, the Plaintiff asserts that the learned DJ’s finding that
the Plaintiff had under-declared her income was incorrect since the figure of
S$1,416.66 was only for the year of 2011. In other years, her declared income
was relatively higher.

48 After reviewing the affidavits and submissions of both parties, this court
agrees with the general thrust of the learned DJ’s decision on the Plaintiff’s
declared gross monthly income as compared to her asserted monthly expenses.
Even if her actual gross monthly income was higher, and working on the basis
of the average figure of S$3,142 per month as suggested by the Plaintiff’s
counsel, there is still a significant gap between the Plaintiff’s monthly
income and her asserted monthly expenses. In this regard, the Plaintiff
naturally asserts that she was able to make up the difference by means of
financial assistance from Mr Chay and that her declared expenses had not been
inflated. Whilst much has been said by the parties of the Plaintiff’s
relationship with Mr Chay and his financial support to her over the many
years, it is unclear as to the nature of the relationship and whether the
monies provided by Mr Chay, in whole or in part, were loans that have to be
repaid. That said, it is noted that the Plaintiff has exhibited some documents
relating to the “friendly loans” made by Mr Chay. Regardless of this, it is
clear that the relationship between Mr Chay and the Plaintiff is a
longstanding one whereby he had provided financial support, whether as loans
or otherwise, and business advice to the Plaintiff over the years.

49 The Plaintiff also asserts that the learned DJ erred in reducing her
estimated monthly expenses post-divorce from S$12,935 to S$1,520 at [52] of
the GD. For convenience sake, the Plaintiff’s estimate and the learned DJ’s
assessment (in table form) are set out below:

S/No |  Description of Wife’s Claim |  Amount claimed |  Court’s assessment  
---|---|---|---  
1. |  Mortgage loan repayment |  S$2,800  |  This amount will be discontinued with the sale of the matrimonial property. If the Plaintiff intends to retain the property, the amount would have been taken into account for the division of the matrimonial property.  
2. |  Management fees |  S$70 |  Allowed  
3\.  |  House insurance and property tax |  S$150 |  Allowed  
4. |  Power and utility bills |  S$600 |  This is relatively high considering that the Plaintiff lived alone and often travelled overseas for business. A reasonable amount would be S$200.  
5\.  |  Car and related expenses |  S$1,615 |  This is a luxury expense and if the Plaintiff is unable to afford this, she should consider a more viable alternative. The transport claim allowed would be S$400.  
6. |  Telephone |  S$150 |  Allowed  
7. |  Food and miscellaneous |  S$2,000 |  No explanation is provided in relation to what amounts to “miscellaneous” expenses. The amount allowed for food-related expenses is S$500.  
8\.  |  Maid |  S$700 |  This is a luxury expense, especially when the Plaintiff often travelled overseas. Expenses for hiring a part-time maid would be allowed at a lower amount of S$200.  
9. |  Life insurance |  S$350 |  Disallowed given that this involves a savings element.  
10. |  Son’s fees in London |  S$4,500 |  Disallowed since the Defendant is also paying his half-share of the son’s expenses in the UK.  
|  Wife’s claim |  S$12,935 |   
|  Amount needed |  |  S$1,500  
  
  

50 After considering the parties’ submissions, this court agrees with the
learned DJ’s finding that the mortgage repayment should not be included as a
long-term expense given that the court intends to order the division and sale
of the matrimonial property. As for the claim in respect of the son’s expenses
in UK, the learned DJ was right to point out that the Defendant was also
responsible for paying half of the fees and expenses incurred. Since the
parties have agreed that they would be jointly and equally responsible for the
son’s expenses, it would not be right to include her half-share as part of her
expenses in terms of assessing the division of matrimonial assets and an
appropriate maintenance order. As for the Plaintiff’s other expenses, it is
noted in particular that the learned DJ reduced those in relation to the car,
food and the maid.

51 The assessment of these expenses as part of the Plaintiff’s financial needs
is guided by the factors set out in s 114(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353,
2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”). In particular, regard must be had to the standard of
living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the marriage as well as
the achievement of what is just and equitable, insofar as it is practicable,
to place the parties in the financial position in which they would have been
if the marriage had not broken down (see s 114(2) of the WC). In these
circumstances, I am of the view that a reasonable assessment of the expenses
for transport and food is in the region of S$1,000 for each item. In short,
this court agrees that the learned DJ’s estimate of the Plaintiff’s monthly
expenses was on the lower end of the scale and that a reasonable global
estimate would be closer to S$3,500.

52 Nevertheless, this court notes the earlier point that the Plaintiff’s
earnings, whilst variable, is higher than the learned DJ’s estimate of S$1,416
per month and probably much closer to S$3,000 a month. Whilst her declared
monthly expenses still far exceed the higher estimate of her average gross
monthly income (based on what she has disclosed), the point is that in this
court’s estimation, her average monthly earnings are not far off the court’s
estimate of her reasonable expenses.

The Defendant’s Assets and Means

53 As at the date of the hearing before the learned DJ, the Defendant had
resigned from his employment with Rigel. He is currently unemployed. The
Defendant asserts that at his current age of 63 years old, it would be
difficult for him to find re-employment in the technology industry and that
his attempts to find new employment have not been successful thus far. Prior
to his resignation on 5 March 2012, his declared monthly take-home income,
including salary, allowances, commissions and bonuses, was S$6,624.[note: 37]
The Defendant declared that he had no other sources of income and his only
immovable property (in Singapore and overseas) was the matrimonial property in
Singapore held in the joint names of both parties.[note: 38] He stated that he
does not own a car or any shares, whether in Singapore or overseas. The
Defendant declared 2 bank accounts which are solely in his name:[note: 39]

(a) POSB: S$986 as at 23 April 2012; and

(b) Hang Seng Bank: HK$6,162 as at 23 April 2012.

54 As regards his CPF account, the Defendant states that, as at 23 April 2012,
he had:[note: 40]

(a) S$1,762 in his Ordinary Account;

(b) S$548 in his Special Account; and

(c) S$35,342 in his Medisave Account.

55 The Defendant further disclosed that the principal sum of S$231,513.79,
with an accrued interest of S$41,301, had been withdrawn from his CPF account
to meet the purchase of the matrimonial property.

56 The Defendant also declared 3 insurance policies in his name:[note: 41]

(a) Prudential (Prusave), with an insured amount of S$45,000;

(b) Prudential (Prushield), which is a hospitalisation insurance; and

(c) Prudential (Prushield Extra), which is a rider for the Prushield policy.

57 In particular, the Defendant stated that he was unsure if there was any
surrender value for Prusave. However, the Defendant went on to estimate the
surrender value for Prusave as being less than S$10,000.[note: 42] There was
no surrender value disclosed for Prushield.

58 Insofar as his debts and liabilities are concerned, the Defendant declared
a number of Hong Kong dollar denominated debts owing to Citibank, Bank of
China, Development Bank of Singapore (Hong Kong) and UA Finance.[note: 43]
These totalled some HK$315,389. The Defendant also declared that his income
tax liability in Singapore was yet to be assessed.

59 At [45] of the GD, the learned DJ noted that the Defendant’s claimed
expenses amounted to S$4,650 per month. Unlike the Plaintiff, the Defendant
did not include payments that he was making towards their son’s education in
the UK. Given that he is unemployed, the Defendant explained that he has been
meeting these expenses through loans from family members.

60 In this appeal, the Plaintiff has made many allegations in respect of the
Defendant’s failure to provide full disclosure of his assets and means. In
particular, she alleges that he likely possessed other assets in China given
his many years of work there. The Plaintiff also suggests that the Defendant’s
resignation from Rigel was “contrived” and that, in all likelihood, the
Defendant intends to leave Singapore for China.

61 As regards the allegation that the Defendant contrived to resign from Rigel
in 2012, the learned DJ concluded that there was no basis for the Plaintiff’s
allegation. This court agrees and makes no further comment on this point. It
is also of no use to speculate on whether the Defendant might choose to return
to China in the future. In the event that he chooses to do so, it would most
certainly be within his right to do so. Whether the Defendant is able to find
similar work in China, Hong Kong or elsewhere at his current age is not
something which this court is able to make any definitive assessment of.
Having said that, this court sees no reason to disturb the learned DJ’s
finding at [51] of the GD that it will likely be difficult for him, at his
current age, to secure employment with a comparable income as before.

62 In addition, much has been said by the Plaintiff in relation to her
allegation that the Defendant had withdrawn substantial amounts from his CPF
account when he turned 55 and that further amounts were withdrawn when he
turned 60 in 2009. In the Plaintiff’s view, this meant that S$111,009.46 was
not accounted for in the Defendant’s Affidavit of Assets and Means. However,
the learned DJ noted at [48] of the GD, that the Defendant had disclosed the
withdrawal of sums from his CPF account when he turned 55 in 2006[note: 44]
and that an explanation was also provided as to how the monies were used for
mortgage payments and other expenses.[note: 45] The Defendant also denied
making any further withdrawals when he turned 60 and that the sum of
S$111,009.46 was nothing more than the consolidated amount for un-posted
transactions in his POSB account accumulated over the years when he did not
update his passbook as he was away in China. In these circumstances, I see no
reason to disturb the finding of the learned DJ, at [57] and [58] of the GD,
that the Defendant has provided adequate disclosure and explanation with
regard to his CPF funds. In particular, it is noted that the Plaintiff’s
assertion that the Defendant did not disclose S$62,200 in his CPF investment
account was rejected given that the CPF Board had explained that the sum did
not indicate that he held any investment holdings or made any profits.

Non-disclosure of inheritance by Defendant

63 I turn now to the general allegation that the Defendant has other
undisclosed assets in China. Taking into account the assertions by the
parties, the learned DJ concluded at [59] of the GD that the allegation was
unproven and that cogent evidence was required to substantiate the same.

64 As mentioned earlier in this judgment, the Plaintiff applied for leave
shortly before the start of the hearing of the appeal to admit new evidence in
the form of a report and its accompanying enclosures from her Hong Kong
solicitors. The report and its accompanying enclosures state that the
Defendant received a half-share of the HK Property on 19 August 2011 pursuant
to his mother’s will. The half-share was sold on 30 March 2012 to the
Defendant’s niece and her husband for HK$950,000. This information had not
been disclosed previously by the Defendant. In these circumstances, leave was
granted to the Plaintiff to admit this evidence and the hearing was adjourned
to enable the Defendant to file an affidavit explaining the circumstances in
which he had acquired the HK Property and how it had been subsequently
disposed. What follows is a brief explanation as to why leave was granted,
followed by a consideration of the impact of the new evidence.

65 The law on admission of new evidence on an appeal from the District Court
to a High Court judge in chambers on ancillary matters was discussed at length
by Woo Bih Li J in _ACU v ACR_ [2011] 1 SLR 1235 (“ _ACU v ACR_ ”). In that
case, the District Court had granted the husband care and control of the
children with access on terms for the wife. One factor underlying the decision
on care and control was that the wife, who had been diagnosed as suffering
from reactive depression, had previously threatened to commit suicide with the
children. At the appeal, the wife’s counsel sought leave to adduce fresh
evidence, including a psychiatrist report stating that she was not suffering
from a psychiatric condition that would prevent her from caring for the
children.

66 In this regard, the power of the court to admit fresh evidence on appeal is
generally governed by the rule set out in _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489
(“ _Ladd v Marshall_ ”). The rule is well-known and comprises three cumulative
conditions. First, that the evidence could not have been obtained with
reasonable due diligence for use at trial. Second, the evidence must be such
that if leave were granted, it would probably have an important influence
(without necessarily being decisive) on the result of the case. Third, the
evidence much be such that it is presumably to be believed, or in other words,
the evidence is apparently credible though it need not be incontrovertible.

67 The question as to whether the _Ladd v Marshall_ rule applies to an appeal
from the District Court to a High Court judge in chambers was considered and
qualified by the Court of Appeal in its decision of _Lian Soon Construction
Pte Ltd v Guan Qian Realty Pte Ltd_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1053 (“ _Lian Soon
Construction_ ”). Since an appeal to the High Court judge in chambers is by
way of a re-hearing, it followed that in such cases, the judge possesses the
discretion to admit fresh evidence even in the absence of special reasons.
Even though an appeal to the Court of Appeal is also by way of a re-hearing, O
57 r 13(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) specifically
provides that in the case of an appeal from a judgment after trial or a
hearing on the merits of a case, further evidence is not to be admitted except
on special grounds. These special grounds are essentially those set out in
_Ladd v Marshall_.

68 In _ACU v ACR_ , Woo J noted that in the context of appeals from a
Registrar to a High Court judge in chambers (_ie_ , Registrar’s Appeals),
_Lian Soon Construction_ was decided on the basis that Registrar’s Appeals
were not governed by O 57 r 13(2). In the case of appeals from the District
Court to a High Court judge in chambers, Woo J noted that the position was the
same—there was no express rule prescribing the need for special conditions to
be met for the admission of further evidence. Therefore, it is clear that this
court, in the present appeal, possesses the discretion to admit fresh
evidence. That said, even though a High Court judge in chambers is not bound
by the rule in _Ladd v Marshall_ , there is no reason why the three limbs of
the rule cannot be referred to as a starting point in guiding the exercise of
the discretion. Nonetheless, it is clear from _ACU v ACR_ that even if the
first limb is not met, the judge may still exercise his discretion to admit
fresh evidence especially if the second and third limbs appear to have been
fulfilled.

69 In the present appeal, the evidence that the Defendant received a half-
share of the HK Property by way of inheritance is a matter which is relevant
to the overall assessment of his assets and means. The evidence was credible,
especially given that the inheritance and sale were admitted by the Defendant.
Even though the Plaintiff might have been able to discover the inheritance
earlier, I decided to allow the new evidence to be admitted. This included
both the report from the Hong Kong solicitors and the accompanying enclosures
from the Hong Kong Land Registry.

70 The report establishes that the Defendant received a half-share of the HK
Property on 19 August 2011, which was also confirmed by the Defendant himself.
Divorce proceedings in this case, it will be recalled, had been commenced by
the Plaintiff on 23 June 2011. Interim Judgment was granted on 19 March 2012.
On 30 March 2012, the Defendant sold the HK Property for HK$950,000. This was
shortly after Interim Judgment had been granted and some time before the
ancillary proceedings, which is the matter on appeal before this court.

71 The Plaintiff has asserted that the Defendant’s half-share was sold at a
considerable undervalue. This was because a property valuer in Hong Kong
estimated the value of the HK Property on 30 March 2012 as being in the region
of HK$2.83m.[note: 46] In her oral submissions at the appeal hearing, the
Plaintiff also suggested that the Defendant would have known that he was
selling his share at an undervalue, that the sale price was unreliable and
that there was no proper or satisfactory account of what had happened to the
sale proceeds that he received.

72 The Defendant filed an affidavit dated 18 October 2013 setting out his
explanation of the inheritance and subsequent disposal of the sale
proceeds.[note: 47] The Defendant explained that the HK Property was an
inheritance left by his mother to both his elder brother and him in equal
shares.[note: 48] In a nutshell, the reason proffered by the Defendant as to
why he did not disclose the inheritance was that his mother had expressed her
firm wishes that the property was not to be given to the Plaintiff on account
of her “extreme bad behaviour” towards the Defendant and his family.[note: 49]
As such, the Defendant felt morally obligated to carry out his mother’s
wishes.

73 The date of the actual conveyance of the HK Property was on 30 March 2012.
However, the Defendant exhibited in the affidavit a sale and purchase
agreement in Chinese apparently signed on 21 August 2011 by the Defendant, his
niece and her husband for the sale of his half-share and payment by an
instalment plan.[note: 50]

74 In his affidavit, the Defendant explains that he sold his half-share in
August 2011 as he was already finding it hard to meet his financial
commitments and responsibilities. These included the son’s school fees in the
UK, wedding expenses for his second daughter’s wedding in July 2013, credit
card payments and personal living expenses.[note: 51] The Defendant asserts
that he had no other source of funds as he was already in debt to his elder
brother. He also explains that he wished to help his niece who had just gotten
married and who was finding it difficult to acquire a home. To this end, the
sale and purchase agreement dated 21 August 2013 was exhibited in his
affidavit.[note: 52] Unfortunately, the document is in Chinese and no
certified translation has been provided by the Defendant.

75 Nonetheless, at the hearing before me in chambers, parties did not seem to
take any issue with the essential contents of the sale and purchase
agreement—that is, the Defendant’s half-share would be sold to his niece and
her husband with payment of the sale price on an instalment basis over a
10-year period. In this regard, the Plaintiff’s counsel objected to the
Defendant’s submission on this point. However, whilst I am reminded of the
important principle that evidence should not be given from the Bar, this court
does have exhibits in the Defendant’s Affidavit for Appeal Hearing (“DA-R”)
supporting the sale on a 10-year instalment plan basis. These comprised some
emails between the Defendant and his niece, which indicated that there was a
balance sum of HK$529,000 owing to the Defendant as at October 2013.

76 As mentioned earlier, the Plaintiff disputes the Defendant’s explanation
set out in DA-R. In her affidavit in reply, she maintains that she had a good
relationship with her mother-in-law. In particular, the Plaintiff noted that
the Defendant did not produce the will or any other documentary evidence to
support his statement that his mother did not wish the Plaintiff to have any
share in the HK Property. She also disputed the genuineness of the sale and
purchase agreement, the instalment plan and the Defendant’s explanation of why
the sale was necessary in light of his alleged expenses and financial
commitments.

77 Whilst the details and circumstances are very much in dispute, it is clear
that the Defendant did indeed receive a half-share of the HK Property on 19
August 2011. This was not disclosed in the proceedings below. Further, even if
I accepted the Defendant’s explanation in relation to this non-disclosure, it
appears that the niece and her husband still owe the Defendant some HK$529,000
in respect of the sale price.[note: 53] This was also not disclosed by the
Defendant in the proceedings below.

Drawing of adverse inferences

78 Counsel for the Plaintiff submitted that even if the Defendant’s mother had
expressed the wish that the Plaintiff be excluded from the inheritance, this
did not excuse the Defendant from fulfilling his duty of full and frank
disclosure.

79 This court agrees with that submission. The Defendant’s half-share would,
at the very least, be relevant to ascertaining his assets and means. Even if
the inheritance was not a matrimonial asset, it was still relevant as a
component of his overall financial position at the time of the divorce.
Indeed, it is noted that the Defendant stated at the hearing of the appeal
that he knew that he should have made the disclosure but did not do so as a
result of the moral pressure that he was labouring under. Section 112(10) of
the WC defines “matrimonial asset” as including “any other asset of any nature
acquired during the marriage by one party or both parties to the marriage”.
However, this does not include “any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that
has been acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has
not been substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by
both parties to the marriage”.

80 Even though the half-share of the HK Property was unlikely to be a
matrimonial asset, it may still be relevant to the court when determining how
to divide the other matrimonial assets between the parties. Section 112(2) of
the WC sets out a broad non-exclusive range of factors to be taken into
account in determining a fair and equitable division of matrimonial assets.
Factors referred to in s 114(1) should also be taken into account if they are
relevant.

81 Section 114(1) of the WC directs the Court, in assessing maintenance, to
have regard to, _inter alia_ , the “income, earning capacity, property and
other financial resources which each of the parties to the marriage has or is
likely to have in the foreseeable future”. It follows that the Defendant’s
half-share in the HK Property ought to have been disclosed as a factor
relevant to the assessment of the Plaintiff’s maintenance, and the division of
the parties’ matrimonial assets. To be clear, this court is not laying down a
principle that in all cases, factors relevant to maintenance are
“automatically” relevant in assessing what is an appropriate division of
matrimonial assets. Rather, the relevance of any one factor and the weight to
be ascribed to it will depend on the circumstances of each case.

82 Leaving aside the relevance of the HK Property as a component of the
Defendant’s assets and means, the Plaintiff also made a point that the
Defendant’s non-disclosure was a ground which supports her submission that an
adverse inference ought to be drawn against the Defendant in assessing the
division of the matrimonial assets and her maintenance. It will be recalled
that the learned DJ rejected this submission given that the allegation of the
Defendant’s lack of candour and non-disclosure was vague and unsubstantiated.
The position on appeal is different as the fresh evidence adduced does support
her assertion of the Defendant’s lack of candour, at least in respect of his
interest in the HK Property.

83 At p 529 of Leong Wai Kum, _Elements of Family Law in Singapore_
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2012) (“ _Elements of Family Law in Singapore_ ”),
Professor Leong Wai Kum states the well-known principle that the general duty
owed by each party to make full and frank disclosure of all relevant
information is particularly important given the court’s power and discretion
to divide the parties’ matrimonial assets. Professor Leong goes on to explain
at p 668 of her book that the position is the same in relation to the issue of
maintenance. If the court is to be able to achieve the purpose behind its
statutory powers, it needs to have “the full picture of the economic resources
of the spouses and all relevant facts and circumstances”. Indeed, this court
is reminded of its own recent admonition that “it is of importance that
parties and their legal representatives prepare the affidavits with as much
supporting evidence so as to assist the court to reach a proper
determination”: see _Sim Kim Heng Andrew v Wee Siew Gee_ [2013] SGHC 271 (“
_Sim Kim Heng Andrew_ ”) at [116]).

84 In these circumstances, this court has to take into account the fact that
the Defendant has not made full and frank disclosure of his assets and this
effectively means that an adverse inference would be drawn against him. In
_Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and another appeal_ [2011] 2 SLR 1157, the
Court of Appeal accepted that there were two approaches the court could adopt
upon the drawing of an adverse inference. The first was to add a percentage
figure _(eg_ , 10%) to the spouse’s overall assets as representing the
spouse’s undisclosed assets. The second approach was to order a higher
proportion of the known assets to be given to the other spouse. There are
other possible methods too. In this regard, the remarks of Chao Hick Tin JA at
[66] bears repeating:

In the nature of things, whichever approach the court adopts in such a
situation, it is undoubtedly to a large extent speculative; whether it decides
to give a value to what it considers to be the undisclosed assets or to give a
higher percentage of the disclosed assets to the other party. Either approach
would translate to giving something more to the other spouse by way of a
specific sum. The very fact that the court is confronted with the problem of
undisclosed assets means that the position is unclear and far from certain. In
the final analysis, it is for the court to decide, in the light of the fact
situation of each case, which approach would in its view best achieve an
equitable and just result. What must be clearly recognised is that when the
court makes such a determination, it is not undertaking an exercise based on
arithmetic but a judgmental exercise based, in part at least, on feel.

85 In the present case, the fresh evidence indicates that at the date of the
ancillary proceedings before the learned DJ, the Defendant had, at the very
least, a right to receive another HK$529,000 from the sale of his half-share
in the HK Property to his niece and her husband. Whilst the Defendant has
provided some explanation of the moral pressure he was under at that time, the
fact remains that the information was relevant and had not been disclosed in
the proceedings below. Even though this court, on appeal, takes note of the
Defendant’s explanation for the sale of the HK Property and the disposition of
the sums that he has received, the inference to be drawn supports the
Plaintiff’s general assertion that there is a likelihood of the Defendant
having other undisclosed assets in Hong Kong or China.

86 In the circumstances of the present case, I am of the view that the most
appropriate way to take account of the possibility of non-disclosure is to add
a percentage to the award in respect of the known matrimonial assets. This is
further elaborated below.

The decision on division of the matrimonial assets and maintenance

87 I turn now to set out this court’s decision in respect of the appeal.

Division of the matrimonial property

88 The law pertaining to the division of matrimonial assets is relatively
straightforward. Section 112(1) of the WC provides that the court shall have
power, when granting or subsequent to the grant of a judgment of divorce, to
order the division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of
any such asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the
sale of any such asset in such proportions as the court thinks _just and
equitable_.

89 In exercising the power to order the division of matrimonial assets, s
112(2) of the WC states that:

112(2). It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regard to all
the circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

(a) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(b) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

(c) the needs of the children (if any) of the marriage;

(d) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependant of either party;

(e) any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce;

(f) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(g) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(h) the matters referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

90 In _Sim Kim Heng Andrew_ , this court reviewed the basic principles
pertaining to the division of matrimonial assets and noted that whilst cases
frequently classify marital contributions as being either direct contributions
or indirect contributions, s 112(2) does not actually use the terms “direct”
and “indirect” in respect of the factors to be taken into account in
determining what is a _just and equitable_ division on the facts. Instead, a
_non-exhaustive_ list of factors is set out in eight sub-paragraphs. Some can
be directly assigned a monetary value, such as monies spent on the acquisition
of the matrimonial asset as well as monies spent on improving or maintaining
the asset. Debts incurred for the benefit of the children of the marriage are
also directly quantifiable in monetary terms. On the other hand, many factors
cannot be easily assessed in monetary terms, such as the contributions made by
caring for the family.

91 In _Sim Kim Heng Andrew_ , it was highlighted that case law often reveals
effort being expended in attempting to pigeon-hole contributions into direct
and indirect contributions. Bearing in mind the danger of over-generalisation,
emphasis tends to be placed on financial contributions that are directly
linked to the cost of acquisition of the matrimonial property (_eg_ , down
payments, deposits, cash payments and mortgage repayments). That said, monies
spent on renovation are also important and, in some cases, these may be
substantial and may also add lasting value to the property. In other cases,
the renovation may blur into maintenance or day-to-day household expenses,
such as the re-painting of walls or the repair of electrical wiring, _etc_. It
goes without saying that other financial contributions which are not
attributable to the value of the matrimonial asset (_eg_ , a home) may include
monies spent on fittings such as furniture and the like. The list is endless.
The point made and which guides this court is that contributions to the
matrimonial household extend far beyond the home as a physical or economic
asset. It bears repeating that monies spent on the maintenance of the property
are relevant to the division of the matrimonial assets alongside contributions
to the welfare of the family. As was said by this court in _Sim Kim Heng
Andrew_ at [83]:

Classifying contributions as direct financial contributions, indirect
financial contributions and indirect non-financial contributions is convenient
and may be helpful in taking a structured approach. But, at the end of the
day, the classifications must not rule the decision. What rules the decision
is the court’s assessment of all the contributions made by each spouse which
are relevant so as to achieve a just and equitable division. It cannot be
assumed that any particular factor will always be given more weight. Whether
it does or does not must depend on the court’s assessment of the factors as a
whole. A holistic approach is what the legislation requires.

92 Coming back to the present case, this court agrees that the percentage
contribution of the parties to the cost of acquisition (_ie_ , the initial
payments and CPF contributions) is in the region of 71.1% for the Defendant
and 28.9% for the Plaintiff. In addition, both parties claimed to have made
contributions towards the renovation and maintenance of the property. Whilst
there is some dispute and lack of certainty as to the actual amounts spent,
this court has already noted earlier (at [36] and [37] above) that the
evidence supports the Plaintiff’s claim that her financial contributions (at
least S$64,645) in this respect were much higher than the Defendant’s (at most
S$20,000).

93 Turning to the other financial contributions towards the household expenses
such as electricity bills and property tax, this court agrees with the learned
DJ that the evidence suggests that both parties played their part in this
respect. That said, it does not appear that due regard was given to the fact
that the Plaintiff was responsible for paying the rent for the rental
accommodation for a period of some ten years prior to the acquisition of the
matrimonial property. Whilst there are very few details as to the payments
made at that point in time, this court accepts that, as a matter of principle,
this is a contribution to the marital household that has to be taken into
account (not on a mathematical basis but by means of a broad brush approach).

94 In the case of indirect contributions in general, it will be recalled that
the learned DJ at [35] of the GD found that the length of the marriage was
long and that both parties had played their part in terms of non-financial
contributions. The allegations made by each party in respect of the other
party’s conduct and relationship with the children and family were unfortunate
and have not been helpful. It has been noted that the Defendant did spend long
periods away from Singapore (for work-related purposes) during which the
Plaintiff was effectively in charge of the day-to-day running of the
household. During these periods, the Defendant did, however, remit monies back
to Singapore.

95 The learned DJ’s decision was essentially to award the Plaintiff a 50%
share of the matrimonial property. Taking into account the fact that the
Plaintiff’s contributions towards the renovations were higher than the
Defendant’s, the Plaintiff’s contributions towards the rent for the rental
accommodation and the evidence as to the non-disclosure of the HK Property
(and the adverse inference that is to be drawn), this court decides that the
order of the learned DJ is to be varied such that the Plaintiff receives a 65%
share of the matrimonial property.

Maintenance

96 Moving on, the learned DJ decided to deal with the Plaintiff’s claim for
maintenance as part of her overall decision on the division of the matrimonial
property. Aside from the Plaintiff’s age, declared earnings and expenses, the
learned DJ formed the view at [50] of the GD that the Plaintiff “obviously had
other forms of financial resources”. This was especially so given the
significant shortfall between her declared gross monthly income and her
alleged monthly expenses. The point has already been discussed earlier and it
has been pointed out that the learned DJ used too low a figure of S$1,416.66
in calculating the Plaintiff’s average monthly income (at [46] and [47]
above). Nevertheless, even if the Plaintiff’s figure of S$3,142 is adopted,
this is still considerably lower than her declared expenses of S$10,685 per
month for the period before the divorce. The Plaintiff’s explanation that she
had been relying on Mr Chay for financial support was not accepted by the
learned DJ on the basis that there was no concrete evidence proffered to
support the assertion. That said, it bears noting that even if it is accepted
that Mr Chay has been financially supporting the Plaintiff for many years, it
is unclear whether all the assistance or any part of it was by way of loans,
gifts or otherwise. With regard to the issue of backdated maintenance, the
learned DJ rejected the Plaintiff’s claim as the evidence revealed that the
Defendant did remit monies until he lost his job in March 2012.

97 In approaching the issue of maintenance, the observations of MPH Rubin JC
in _Wong Amy v Chua Seng Chuan (Tow Lee Cheng Christine, co-respondent)_
[1992] 2 SLR(R) 143 at [39]–[40] are noteworthy. In that case, the learned
judge opined that an elastic approach is needed in exercising the discretion
to achieve a just solution driven by the court’s sense of justice. On the
facts of this case, whilst it is acknowledged that there has been a lack of
candour on the part of the Defendant, it is also clear that the learned DJ had
taken the view that the Plaintiff’s financial income and resources were likely
to be higher than that disclosed by her. This has been discussed above and
this court sees no reason to disagree with the learned DJ’s observations.
Further, given the obvious acrimony and bitterness accompanying the breakdown
of the marriage, as well as the state of uncertainty surrounding the
Defendant’s employment prospects, this court agrees that the better approach
is to take into account the issue of maintenance (_ie_ , the Plaintiff’s needs
and expenses) as a factor in determining the division of the matrimonial
property. In coming to this decision, this court agrees with the view
expressed in _Elements of Family Law in Singapore_ at p 666 that where the
just and equitable division of matrimonial assets yields to the wife a fair
share of the surplus wealth, the order for maintenance may be nominal or even
dismissed (in appropriate cases).

98 It will be recalled that the net value of the matrimonial property has been
estimated to be S$1.2m. On this basis, the Plaintiff will receive a sum in the
region of S$780,000 if the property is sold and the net sum divided in the
proportion of 65:35 in favour of the Plaintiff as ordered above. Bearing in
mind her age, assets and needs, this figure represents a fair share of the
surplus wealth sufficient to account for all her maintenance needs. On this
basis, I am not minded to disturb the learned DJ’s decision on the issue of
maintenance.

Conclusion

99 The appeal is, accordingly, allowed in part. The learned DJ’s orders are
varied as follows:

(a) The matrimonial property at 4B Marigold Drive, Singapore 576387 is to be
divided in the proportion of 65:35 in favour of the Plaintiff.

(b) The Plaintiff is given an option to buy over the Defendant’s 35% share
provided that she gives notice of her intention to do so within 30 days from
the date of this judgment.

(c) In the event that the Plaintiff opts to buy over the Defendant’s 35%
share, then this shall be at valuation for purposes of sale in the open market
less the outstanding mortgage loan. The Plaintiff shall be responsible for the
costs and expenses of such a transfer/sale of the Defendant’s 35% share to
her. The Defendant is to refund his CPF account of monies utilised for the
purchase, inclusive of any accrued interest, from his 35% share, if so
required by the CPF Board. The transfer/sale of the Defendant’s 35% share to
the Plaintiff shall be completed within 4 months after the expiry of the
30-day option period.

(d) In the event that the Plaintiff indicates in writing that she is not
exercising the option above or upon the expiry of 30 days from the date of
this judgment, whichever occurs first, the matrimonial property is to be sold
in the open market with the parties having joint conduct of the sale. Upon
successful sale, the proceeds are to be used to repay the outstanding mortgage
loan and costs and expenses of the sale. The net proceeds thereafter are to be
apportioned in the proportion of 65:35 in favour of the Plaintiff. The parties
are to refund their respective CPF accounts of monies utilised therefrom for
the purchase, inclusive of any accrued interest, if so required by the CPF
Board.

(e) The Plaintiff’s 65% share shall be inclusive of her claims for maintenance
against the Defendant. No further maintenance will be ordered in favour of the
Plaintiff.

100 For the avoidance of doubt, Orders 6, 7 and 8 of the learned DJ are to
remain.

101 Given that the appeal has only succeeded in part, I am not inclined to
make any order as to costs. Each party shall bear their own costs of this
appeal. The learned DJ’s order as to costs in relation to the proceedings
below is to remain.

* * *

[note: 1]_Kwong Ling Yi v Liu Kah Foong_ [2013] SGDC 229 at [61]–[62] (at
Record of Appeal, vol I, p 48).

[note: 2]Defendant’s Affidavit for Appeal Hearing (Divorce) filed on 18
October 2013 at pp 1–2.

[note: 3]Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments/Submissions filed on 9 September 2013
at paras 18–23; GD at [2] (at Record of Appeal, vol I, p 33).

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s 2nd Affidavit for Ancillary Matters Hearing filed on 4
July 2012 (“PA2”) at para 22 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), p 361).

[note: 5]See _eg_ , Plaintiff’s 3rd Affidavit for Ancillary Matters Hearing
filed on 13 August 2012 (“PA3”) at para 23 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part
A2), p 397) and Defendant’s 2nd Affidavit for Ancillary Matters Hearing filed
on 4 July 2012 (“DA2”) at para 22 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), p
643).

[note: 6]PA3 at para 22 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), p 396).

[note: 7]Defendant’s 4th Affidavit for Ancillary Matters Hearing filed on 29
October 2012 (“DA4”) at para 4 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), p
796).

[note: 8]PA2 at para 4 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), p 355).

[note: 9]PA2 at para 6 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), pp 355–356).

[note: 10]PA3 at para 21 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), p 396).

[note: 11]PA3 at para 57 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), p 406).

[note: 12]Plaintiff’s 1st Affidavit for Ancillary Matters Hearing (Affidavit
of Assets and Means) filed on 28 May 2012 (“PA1”) at para 7 (at Record of
Appeal, vol III (Part A1), p 88).

[note: 13]PA2 at paras 23–25 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), p 361).

[note: 14]PA2 at paras 26 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), p 362).

[note: 15]PA3 at paras 36–37 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), p 400).

[note: 16]Plaintiff’s 5th Affidavit for Ancillary Matters Hearing filed on 29
October 2012 (“PA5”) at para 8 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), p
505).

[note: 17]PA5 at paras 25–29 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), pp
510–512).

[note: 18]Plaintiff’s 7th Affidavit for Ancillary Matters Hearing file on 17
January 2013 (“PA7”) at para 51 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), p
546).

[note: 19]Defendant’s 3rd Affidavit for Ancillary Matters Hearing filed on 14
August 2012 (“DA3”) at para 6 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), pp
690–691).

[note: 20]DA3 at para 14 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), pp 696–697).

[note: 21]DA3 at para 15 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), pp 697–698).

[note: 22]PA5 at para 26 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), pp 510–511).

[note: 23]PA5 at para 27 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), p 511).

[note: 24]DA4 at para 16 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), p 802).

[note: 25]DA4 at para 16 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), p 802).

[note: 26]PA7 at para 47 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), pp 544–545).

[note: 27]PA3 at para 2 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A2), p 390).

[note: 28]Defendant’s 5th Affidavit for Ancillary Matters Hearing filed on 14
January 2013 (“DA5”) at para 24 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), pp
883–884).

[note: 29]PA1 at para 16 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A1), pp 90–91).

[note: 30]PA1 at para 16 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A1), pp 90–91).

[note: 31]PA1 at para 3(c) (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A1), p 87).

[note: 32]PA1 at para 9 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A1), p 89).

[note: 33]PA1 at para 8 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A1), pp 88–89).

[note: 34]PA1 at para 11 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A1), p 89).

[note: 35]PA1 at para 14 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A1), p 90).

[note: 36]PA1 at para 12 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part A1), p 89).

[note: 37]Defendant’s 1st Affidavit for Ancillary Matters Hearing (Affidavit
of Assets and Means) filed on 17 May 2012 (“DA1”) at para 3(d) (at Record of
Appeal, vol III (Part B1), pp 611–612).

[note: 38]DA1 at para 7 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), p 613).

[note: 39]DA1 at para 12 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), p 615).

[note: 40]DA1 at para 13 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), p 616).

[note: 41]DA1 at para 10 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), p 614).

[note: 42]DA2 at para 10 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), p 638).

[note: 43]DA1 at para 19 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), p 618).

[note: 44]DA2 at para 14 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), p 640).

[note: 45]DA5 at para 15 (at Record of Appeal, vol III (Part B1), p 879).

[note: 46]Plaintiff’s Affidavit for Summons Hearing (Divorce) filed on 3
October 2013 at para 7(d).

[note: 47]Defendant’s Affidavit for Appeal Hearing (Divorce) filed on 18
October 2013 (“DA-R”).

[note: 48]DA-R at para 2.

[note: 49]DA-R at para 2.

[note: 50]DA-R, Exhibit LKF-1.

[note: 51]DA-R at para 3.

[note: 52]DA-R, Exhibit LKF-1.

[note: 53]DA-R, Exhibit LKF-4.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Mar 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

