Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Columbia Asia Healthcare Sdn Bhd and another _v_ Hong Hin Kit Edward and
another and other suits  
[2014] SGHC 65

Case Number| :| Suits No 861 and 862 of 2008 and 964 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Harish Kumar and Jonathan Toh (Rajah & Tann LLP) and Troy
Yeo (Troy Yeo & Co) for the plaintiffs in Suit 964 and for the defendants in
Suits 861 and 862; Niru Pillai and Liew Teck Huat (Global Law Alliance LLC)
for the defendants in Suit 964 and for the third parties in Suits 861 and 862;
Michael Khoo SC and Ong Lee Woei (Michael Khoo & Partners) for the plaintiffs
in Suits 861 and 862.  
Parties| :|  Columbia Asia Healthcare Sdn Bhd — P T Nusautama Medicalindo —
Edward Hong Hin Kit — Albert Hong Hin Kay — Thermal Industries & Supplies
(Pte) Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 68 of
2014 was dismissed and the appeal in Civil Appeal No 69 of 2014 was allowed by
the Court of Appeal on 22 January 2015. See [2015] SGCA 3.]

The supplementary judgment to this main judgment is reported at [2014] 3 SLR
164.]

10 April 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

1 There are three sets of proceedings stemming from the purchase of Gleni
International Hospital (“the Hospital”) erected on No 2A Jalan Listik, Medan,
Sumatera Utera, Indonesia (“the Land”). The purchaser was Columbia Asia
Healthcare Sdn Bhd (“Columbia”). The vendors (“the Vendors”) were Mr Edward
Hong Hin Kit (“Edward Hong”), Mr Albert Hong Hin Kay (“Albert Hong”)
(collectively, “the Hongs”) and Mr Boelio Muliadi (“Boelio Muliadi”).

2 The purchase of the Hospital and the Land was structured in the form of a
share purchase. The Hospital and the Land were owned by PT Nusautama
Medicalindo (“PTNM”). PTNM was in turn wholly-owned by Universal Medicare Pte
Ltd (“UMPL”). The Vendors held all the shares in UMPL. Columbia agreed to
purchase 99% of the shares in UMPL (“the Sale Shares”) from the Vendors
pursuant to a share sale agreement (“the SSA”) dated 24 December 2007.
Columbia subsequently acquired the remaining 1% of UMPL’s shares pursuant to
an option also dated 24 December 2007 (“the Call Option Agreement”).

3 At the time of completion of the SSA, a Singapore company, Medical Equipment
Credit Pte Ltd (“MEC”), was registered as the chargee of a charge on the title
certificate to the Land (“the MEC Charge”). MEC was owned by DVI Inc (“DVI”),
an American corporation.

The proceedings

4 The three sets of proceedings are Suits No 861 and 862 of 2008 (“Suit 861”
and “Suit 862” respectively) and Suit No 964 of 2009 (“Suit 964”). They were
consolidated and heard together.

Suits 861 and 862

5 Suits 861 and 862 were brought by Thermal Industries & Supplies (Pte) Ltd
(“Thermal Industries”) and Thermal International (S) Pte Ltd (“Thermal
International”) (collectively, “the Thermal Companies”) respectively against
PTNM on 19 November 2008. The Thermal Companies are Singapore companies
involved in the provision of medical supplies and equipment to hospitals and
medical facilities. The Thermal Companies are controlled by Edward Hong, who
is a director and substantial shareholder in both companies. These are a
breakdown of the claims made by the Thermal Companies in Suits 861 and 862:

(a) In Suit 861, Thermal Industries claimed from PTNM the sums of S$262,934.48
and S$10,000. The former was the balance of monies advanced by Thermal
Industries as a loan to PTNM;[note: 1] and the latter was for four second-hand
servers sold by Thermal Industries to PTNM.[note: 2]

(b) In Suit 862, Thermal International claimed from PTNM the sums of
S$393,399.70, S$3,320 and US$9,763.00. The first was the balance for a
Magnetic Resonance Imaging (“MRI”) machine sold by Thermal International to
PTNM. The latter two were for various supplies provided by Thermal
International to PTNM.

6 PTNM disputed these claims. Columbia applied successfully to be joined as a
defendant in Suits 861 and 862. Should PTNM be found liable in Suits 861 and
862, PTNM and Columbia brought third-party proceedings against the Hongs for
indemnities provided by them as vendors under the SSA.

7 In Suit 861, PTNM also counterclaimed against Thermal Industries for damages
to be assessed for the supply of allegedly defective second-hand servers.

8 In Suit 862, both PTNM and Columbia counterclaimed against Thermal
International the sum of S$144,046.03 as payment mistakenly made by PTNM to
Thermal International for a Philips angiography machine.

Suit 964

9 Suit 964 was filed on 11 November 2009, more than a year after Suits 861 and
862 were commenced. The plaintiffs, Columbia and PTNM, claimed against the
Hongs for alleged breaches of the SSA. The claims in Suit 964 sought, amongst
others:

(a) An order for damages to be assessed for receiving an encumbered title to
the Land because of the existence of the MEC Charge and/or costs, including
legal costs, of taking the necessary measures to remove the MEC Charge on the
Land so as to obtain a good and marketable title to the Land.

(b) A declaration that the Hongs are liable to indemnify Columbia/PTNM for any
claim by DVI in relation to the transfer of shares held by DVI in PTNM (“the
DVI Shares”) to Albert Hong, including all costs of defending any such claim.

(c) A declaration that the Hongs are liable to indemnify Columbia and/or PTNM
in relation to actual and potential liabilities as a result of the Vendors’
breaches of various warranties given in the SSA (principally relating to the
under-declaration and under-payment of tax).

(d) An order for damages to be assessed for over-payment for the Sale Shares
and/or the diminution in value of PTNM and/or the Sale Shares as a result of
the inflation of PTNM’s 2007 revenue figures.

10 The Hongs disputed the claims in Suit 964. They also counterclaimed against
both Columbia and PTNM damages for abuse of process and conspiracy with the
predominant purpose of injuring the Hongs, by seeking to extort a favourable
outcome in Suit 964 and Suits 861 and 862. The damage allegedly suffered by
the Hongs’ includes loss of business and personal reputation.

11 At the outset, I should say that the statement of claim in Suit 964 did not
state why PTNM is a co-plaintiff with Columbia. PTNM was not a party to the
SSA. The warranties given by the Vendors under the SSA were given to Columbia.
Neither did the statement of claim assert any right of PTNM to rely on the
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the CRTPA”)
to enforce the terms of the SSA, unlike the third-party claims made by PTNM
(and Columbia) against the Hongs in Suits 861 and 862. In those two suits,
PTNM claimed that various warranties given by the Vendors in the SSA purported
to confer a benefit on it (PTNM), and that it was entitled to enforce those
warranties against the Hongs by virtue of s 2 of the CRTPA. Coming back to
Suit 964, PTNM’s only reliance on the CRTPA was in para 22(b) of its defence
to counterclaim. I do not think such a plea is appropriate. It should be in
the statement of claim. In any event, I am not persuaded on the merits that
PTNM is entitled to rely on the CRTPA to enforce the warranties in the SSA. I
will say more about this later.

12 Accordingly, I am of the view that PTNM has not been correctly included as
a co-plaintiff in Suit 964. Neither is it entitled to rely on the CRTPA to
make a claim against the Hongs in Suits 861 and 862 for breaches of
warranties. Henceforth, I shall refer only to Columbia as the plaintiff in
Suit 964 and Columbia as the defendant making a claim against the Hongs in
Suits 861 and 862.

13 The Hongs argued that Columbia’s claims were not made in good faith. They
relied on the fact that Columbia’s claim in Suit 964 was against only the
Hongs, even though Boelio Muliadi was also a named vendor in the SSA, and had
also given the same warranties as the Hongs. This argument is untenable. It is
up to Columbia to decide who it wishes to sue. The fact that it decided not to
sue Boelio Muliadi was neutral. Indeed, one might argue that it made sense not
to sue Boelio Muliadi, as there is no evidence as to whether he is likely to
have assets in Singapore, as opposed to the Hongs, who assert that they are
“prominent Singaporeans with substantial reputations in Singapore and
internationally”.[note: 3]

14 This brings me to the next point, which can be dealt with quickly. I refer
to the Hongs’ counterclaim in Suit 964 for damages for abuse of process and
conspiracy. I agree with Columbia that this counterclaim is without legal
basis. If Columbia’s claims in Suit 964 are invalid, they will be dismissed.
The claims cannot, in and of themselves, give rise to the counterclaim brought
by the Hongs. Otherwise, every claim will be met by such a counterclaim. The
absence of evidence and closing submissions from the Hongs to support their
counterclaim reinforces the point that the Hongs were never serious about
their counterclaim. It should never have been made.

Issues before this court

15 The main disputes between the parties lay in the claims made in Suit 964. I
will thus address the issues raised in that suit first.

16 There are four main issues in Suit 964:

(a) The first main issue is whether the Hongs were in breach of the terms of
the SSA that the Land would be free from encumbrances (on the date of
completion of the SSA), and that Columbia would have good and marketable title
to the Land, because the MEC Charge constituted an encumbrance on the Land
(“the Encumbrance Issue”). If so, the sub-issue is whether Columbia is
estopped or otherwise precluded from alleging this breach. If not, the
consequential issue is the relief which Columbia is entitled to.

(b) The second main issue is whether the Hongs are liable under the SSA to
indemnify Columbia against claims made by DVI, in relation to the transfer of
the DVI Shares to Albert Hong, including costs of defending any such claim
(“the DVI Issue”). If so, the consequential issue is whether the court should
grant a declaration to that effect.

(c) The third main issue is whether the Hongs have breached the SSA due to
PTNM’s alleged improper book-keeping, and under-declaration and under-payment
of tax (“the Tax Exposure Issue”). The sub-issue is whether a provision of the
SSA should be expunged or rectified. If not, and if the Hongs are in breach of
the SSA on the third main issue, the consequential issue is the relief which
Columbia is entitled to.

(d) The fourth main issue is whether the Hongs have breached the SSA by
inflating revenue figures because of under-declaration and under-payment of
tax (“the Inflated Revenue Issue”). If so, the consequential issue is the
relief which Columbia is entitled to. Columbia alleged that it had determined
the actual purchase price for the Sale Shares by applying Earnings before
Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortisation (“EBITDA”) with an appropriate
multiplier. Hence Columbia claimed a diminution of the actual purchase price
based on a similar formula.

17 The following issues arise for determination in Suit 861 as between Thermal
Industries and PTNM:

(a) Whether Thermal Industries is entitled to S$262,934.48, the alleged
balance of sums paid by Thermal Industries to MEC on PTNM’s behalf.

(b) Whether the servers sold by Thermal Industries to PTNM were defective
second-hand goods which were unusable from the time they were delivered to
PTNM.

If Thermal Industries’ claim for S$262,934.48 succeeds, the following issues
arise for determination as between Columbia and the Hongs, who are third
parties in Suit 861:

(c) Whether Columbia has standing to bring a claim against the Hongs for an
indemnity for the S$262,934.48.

(d) If so, whether s 2.1.24 of the SSA should be expunged or rectified so that
the definition of “Liabilities” under s 2.1.24 excludes debts owing by PTNM to
the Thermal Companies such that the Hongs are not liable for such debts.

(e) If s 2.1.24 of the SSA is not expunged or rectified, whether the debt of
S$262,934.48 falls under the definition of “Liabilities” in s 2.1.24 for which
the Hongs have agreed to indemnify Columbia.

18 The following issues arise for determination in Suit 862:

(a) Whether PTNM is liable to pay Thermal International the sums of
S$393,399.70, S$3,320 and US$9,763.00.

(b) Whether Columbia has standing to bring a claim against the Hongs for an
indemnity for the sums claimed against PTNM by Thermal International.

(c) If so, whether s 2.1.24 of the SSA should be expunged or rectified to
exclude debts owed by PTNM to the Thermal companies so that the definition of
“Liabilities” under s 2.1.24 excludes debts owing by PTNM to the Thermal
companies and, consequently, the Hongs are not liable for such debts.

(d) If s 2.1.24 of the SSA is not expunged or rectified, whether the sums of
S$393,399.70, S$3,320 and US$9,763.00 fall under the definition of
“Liabilities” in s 2.1.24 for which the Hongs have agreed to indemnify
Columbia.

(e) Finally, in respect of the counterclaim, whether PTNM mistakenly paid
S$144,046.03 to Thermal International for a Philips angiography machine.

The parties and witnesses

19 Columbia is a Malaysia-based company in the business of developing and
operating medical facilities across Asia. Pursuant to the SSA and the Call
Option Agreement, Columbia acquired 100% of the issued share capital of UMPL,
a company incorporated in Singapore. PTNM is an Indonesian company. Its
primary asset is the Land and the Hospital in Medan, and its primary business
is the operation of the Hospital. I will first set out the witnesses that were
called to give evidence by the respective parties during the trial. The
following factual witnesses testified on behalf of Columbia during the trial:

(a) Rick Evans, the Chairman of the Columbia group of companies, which
Columbia and now PTNM are part of. Rick Evans was the person chiefly
representing Columbia in the negotiations leading up to the SSA;

(b) Prem Abraham, the Chief Financial Officer (South East Asia) of the
Columbia group of companies, who gave evidence on Columbia’s due diligence
exercise and the financial aspects of the share sale transaction;

(c) Alan Lim, a partner of a Malaysian law firm, Tengku Mohamed & Alan Lim
(“TMAL”), who acted for Columbia during negotiation of the SSA;

20 Two expert witnesses also gave evidence for Columbia and PTNM, namely:

(a) Roy Tedja, a partner of an Indonesian tax-consulting firm JL Tax & Customs
Advisory, who gave expert evidence mainly in relation to PTNM’s alleged under-
declaration and under-payment of taxes and inflation of revenue; and

(b) James Searby, Managing Director of the Singapore office of FTI Consulting,
an expert services firm specialising in litigation support and valuation. He
gave evidence on how the diminution in the value of the Land and the Sale
Shares ought to be computed.

21 Prior to the completion of the SSA, the shares in UMPL were held by the
Vendors in the following percentages: 12.5% by Edward Hong, 70% by Albert Hong
and 17.5% by Boelio Muliadi. Edward Hong is also a managing director and
substantial shareholder in both the Thermal Companies. The following factual
witnesses gave evidence on behalf of the Hongs and/or the Thermal companies
during the trial:

(a) Edward Hong.

(b) Eddie Foo, the General Manager of the Thermal Companies who, as Edward
Hong’s trusted advisor, was intimately involved in the negotiations leading up
to the SSA.

(c) Michael Chow, the Chairman of Valued Partners Limited (“Valued Partners”),
a mergers and acquisitions advisory practice. Michael Chow was an advisor to
Columbia in various hospital transactions over the years, but left Columbia
more than two years before the start of the trial.[note: 4] Michael Chow acted
as an intermediary between the Hong brothers and Rick Evans in the sale of
UMPL’s shares, and was the first person to raise the prospect of acquiring the
Hospital to Rick Evans.

(d) Michael O’Hanlon, the Chief Executive Officer of DVI and the Chairman of
MEC at the material time. DVI was a company that provided loans to the global
medical community. It operated through its wholly owned subsidiary, MEC, in
the Asia Pacific region. MEC was the provider of certain loans which feature
prominently in Suits 861 and 862. DVI and MEC have since gone into
liquidation. Counsel for PTNM and Columbia, Mr Harish Kumar (“Mr Kumar”),
chose not to cross-examine Michael O’Hanlon and accepted his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”).

22 The Hongs relied on two expert witnesses. First, they called Nick Graham, a
chartered accountant of RSM AAJ Associates. Second, they sought to admit two
affidavits by Tay Puay Cheng, an Executive Director in the Forensic division,
and Head of the Restructuring division of KPMG Services Pte Ltd. Mr Kumar
chose not to cross-examine Tay Puay Cheng. Mr Kumar was prepared to accept Tay
Puay Cheng’s affidavit of evidence in chief, subject to the qualification that
he (Mr Kumar) was of the view that the evidence was irrelevant.[note: 5] None
of the parties gave much weight to Tay Puay Cheng’s evidence in their
submissions, so I will not refer to it further.

Background facts

23 I will go into some detail on the background facts because of the many
allegations made in the three actions.

The history of PTNM and the loans from MEC

24 PTNM was set up in the early 1990s as a joint venture between four parties:
Gleneagles Development Pte Ltd (“Gleneagles”), Albert Hong and two Indonesian
business partners, one of whom was Boelio Muliadi. In 1995, PTNM obtained a
loan for US$25m (“the Syndicated Loan”) from a banking syndicate headed by the
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (“the Syndicated Lenders”)
for the construction of the Hospital. The Syndicated Loan was guaranteed by
the four shareholders of PTNM in the proportion of their shareholdings.

25 The Syndicated Lenders subsequently recalled the loan. The shareholdings of
the two Indonesian partners were confiscated by the Syndicated Lenders because
they were unable to pay their share of the loan. At this juncture, Edward Hong
saw an opportunity for the Hongs to take over the entire business of the
Hospital by repaying the balance of the Syndicated Loan.[note: 6]

26 In the course of the negotiations, the Syndicated Lenders agreed to a
payment of US$12m as a full and final settlement of their claim. Gleneagles
indicated that they would give up their shares in PTNM if the Hongs could
settle the entire loan. On 2 July 2002, UMPL obtained a US$12m facility from
MEC (“the MEC Loan”) to be applied to the settlement of the Syndicated Loan.
Pursuant to this arrangement, MEC obtained the MEC Charge over the Land (the
Land was owned by PTNM). MEC was registered as a chargee of the Land on 1
September 2003.

27 The Hongs decided that UMPL would be the vehicle to hold the shares in
PTNM. However, 10% of the shares in PTNM were to be held on trust for UMPL by
an Indonesian company, in order to comply with Indonesian law.[note: 7] UMPL
thus became the owner of 90% of PTNM’s shares, and the beneficial owner of the
remaining 10% of PTNM’s shares. The shares of UMPL were in turn allocated
between Albert Hong, Edward Hong and Boelio Muliadi. Subsequently, 10% of the
shares in UMPL were re-allocated by Albert Hong to DVI.

28 In addition to the US$12m facility used to settle the Syndicated Loan, MEC
also provided a loan of US$3m to Thermal International for working capital. On
1 July 2002 Edward Hong requested MEC to remit US$740,000 out of the US$3m
loan directly to PTNM in order to alleviate PTNM’s cash-flow at the time.
Accordingly, US$740,000 was paid to PTNM out of _Thermal International’s_ loan
from MEC.

29 Thereafter, DVI and MEC went into liquidation. Goldman Sachs (Asia) Finance
(“GSAF”) bought over UMPL’s and Thermal International’s debts to MEC on 20
September 2004. MEC’s rights, title and interest under the MEC Loan and the
US$3m loan facility were assigned to GSAF. I will refer to the aggregate of
the sums owed by UMPL to GSAF under the assigned debt as the “Goldman Sachs
Indebtedness”. GSAF was supposed to become a chargee of the Land, but GSAF was
apparently not registered on the land title certificate as such. GSAF also did
not procure the removal of the MEC Charge at that time. MEC therefore remained
registered as a chargee of the Land, notwithstanding the assignment to GSAF.

30 In 2005, Edward Hong took control of the running of the business from
Boelio Muliadi, who had been running the Hospital since the start of
operations in 1997.[note: 8]

Preliminary negotiations

31 By 2007, the Hongs were looking to sell the Hospital. Edward Hong was
referred to Valued Partners, which was headed by Michael Chow, with a view to
finding a buyer for PTNM. Michael Chow contacted Rick Evans who indicated his
interest in purchasing the Hospital.

32 According to Rick Evans, a meeting was arranged between himself and Edward
Hong in Kuala Lumpur either at the end of September or the beginning of
October 2007.[note: 9] The Hongs dispute the occurrence of this meeting. On 19
October 2007, Rick Evans, accompanied by Michael Chow and Lucia Voon, a
Columbia employee, made a visit to the Hospital in Medan. There, Rick Evans
met with Edward Hong and took a tour of the facilities.

33 Rick Evans’ evidence was that he was given an information sheet on the
Hospital either at the first meeting around September 2007 or at the 19
October 2007 meeting. That sheet of paper showed the operating cash flow of
the Hospital for 9 or 10 months. Rick Evans was able to infer from this that
the Hospital would generate a positive annual cash flow of about US$2.5m for
2007.[note: 10] The annual cash flow was also referred to during the trial as
the EBITDA of the business for 2007. Rick Evans also claimed that he had made
it clear to the Hongs that any acquisition would be made on the basis that
UMPL and PTNM were handed over “clean”: with all current liabilities and
current assets equalised and all long-term debts retired at completion.[note:
11] Conversely, the Hongs deny that any representation was made on cash flow
at this point in time.[note: 12]

34 According to Rick Evans, when Columbia acquired hospitals, it typically
determined the purchase price with reference to the hospital’s annual cash
flow or EBITDA multiplied by an appropriate number, also known as the
appropriate multiplier. After the 19 October 2007 meeting, Rick Evans said
that he discussed the proposed purchase with Prem Abraham. They agreed that 12
was an appropriate multiplier. The EBITDA of US$2.5m and a multiplier of 12
yielded a figure of US$30m. Rick Evans thus decided to make an offer of US$30m
for the Hospital.

35 The Hongs disputed that Columbia had based the purchase price solely on the
EBITDA and a multiplier. The Hongs asserted that Columbia had based the
purchase price entirely, if not at least partially, on replacement costs (_ie_
, the cost to replace the assets of equal value). Further, the Hongs asserted
that Rick Evans did not communicate any basis for his initial offer of US$30m
to Edward Hong, a point which Rick Evans agreed with.

36 On 22 October 2007 Rick Evans sent a letter containing an initial
conditional offer of US$30m to Edward Hong. The letter indicated, amongst
others, that “[a]ny and all debts, obligations and/or other liens owed by UMPL
and/or by [PTNM] [were] to be retired at closing”.[note: 13] Edward Hong
replied on 23 October 2007 stating that he was comfortable with all the terms
outlined in the conditional offer, save for the price.

37 On 26 October 2007, Eddie Foo sent an email to Michael Chow with an
attachment containing some financial information about the Hospital. The
attachment stated that the replacement cost of the Hospital was US$57.7m
(including the value of the Land), and that the EBITDA for 2007 was about
US$2.5m. According to the attachment, this would have yielded a multiplier of
12.8 based on a purchase price of US$32m.[note: 14]

38 On 27 October 2007, Rick Evans, Edward Hong and others met at Columbia’s
facility in Puchong, Kuala Lumpur. Rick Evans’ evidence was that at this
meeting, he received an information memorandum dated September 2007 (“the
IM”).[note: 15] There is some dispute as to the actual date when Rick Evans
received the IM. But this is not material, as it was not disputed that he
received it before the SSA was signed by him and the Vendors. The IM projected
PTNM’s EBITDA for 2007 at IDR 25,240,889,000 (or approximately US$2.68m).
Columbia’s case was that Prem Abraham had seen and relied upon the IM to
corroborate the represented cash flow of US$2.5m.

39 During the meeting of 27 October 2007, Columbia was asked to raise its
initial offer. Rick Evans acceded and increased Columbia’s offer to US$31m.
Immediately after the meeting, Rick Evans sent a second conditional offer to
Edward Hong for US$31m, which was otherwise identical in terms to the first
conditional offer.

40 Edward Hong responded to the second conditional offer with a letter dated
29 October 2007. In the letter, Edward Hong asked for the due diligence and
the finalisation of the sale and purchase agreement to proceed simultaneously
in order to accelerate completion. This was, in effect, a tacit acceptance of
Columbia’s offer of US$31m. Rick Evans instructed Alan Lim to begin drafting
the sale and purchase agreement.

41 On 6 November 2007, Eddie Foo sent an email to Rick Evans, explaining the
outstanding Goldman Sachs Indebtedness reflected in PTNM’s accounts.[note: 16]
Eddie Foo explained that these moneys were originally borrowed by UMPL and
Thermal International respectively from DVI and on-lent to PTNM. He explained
that these debts had been subsequently sold by DVI to GSAF. He also mentioned
that the Vendors would liaise with GSAF such that all titles and securities
would be released free and unencumbered when settlement payments were made on
31 December 2007, which was the completion date the parties were aiming for.

42 Eddie Foo’s explanation to Rick Evans was inaccurate in at least two
respects. First, the loans were extended to UMPL and Thermal International by
MEC and not by DVI. Second, of the US$3m that Thermal International had
borrowed from MEC, only US$740,000 was actually remitted to PTNM by MEC.
Whether this remittance of US$740,000 made PTNM a debtor of MEC, Thermal
Industries or Thermal International is a matter of considerable dispute, which
I will elaborate on later.

43 In mid-November 2007, Columbia’s due diligence team headed by Prem Abraham
visited the Medan Hospital to conduct the due diligence exercise. The team
looked primarily at PTNM and UMPL’s draft unaudited accounts for 2007 and the
audited accounts for 2006.[note: 17] According to Prem Abraham, the team spoke
primarily with Eddie Foo as well as PTNM’s Financial Controller, K C Leong,
and General Accounts Manager and Senior Finance Manager, Kimun Kuara. After
the due diligence was undertaken, summaries and supporting documents were
produced by Columbia.

44 Correspondence was exchanged between the parties in relation to this due
diligence exercise. Eddie Foo’s letter of 26 November 2007 (mistakenly dated
26 November 2006), referred to the Vendors settling the Goldman Sachs
Indebtedness directly with GSAF with “no further financial advantage or
disadvantage to [Columbia] as the Buyers.”[note: 18]

45 In the meantime, Alan Lim was working on a draft of the sale and purchase
agreement. A number of drafts were exchanged between him and MKP, solicitors
for the Vendors. Four drafts were prepared in total, two of which passed
between the solicitors.

46 On 29 November 2007, Eddie Foo sent an email to Rick Evans with the subject
“S&P in Medan” which brought up the following points:[note: 19]

(a) Albert Hong was proceeding to acquire DVI’s 10% share in UMPL with the
result that the Vendors in the share sale agreement would be the Hong brothers
and Boelio Muliadi. If there was a claim by DVI in relation to its shares that
were to be acquired by Albert Hong, the Vendors would stand liable and this
was to be included in the SSA.

(b) The Vendors would, as a condition precedent, obtain GSAF’s agreement to
release all securities upon payment of the amounts owing to GSAF. It was
envisaged that the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness would be paid off and the
release of the securities obtained simultaneously with the completion of the
sale and purchase agreement.

The Short-Form Agreement

47 Between 30 November and 3 December 2007, Rick Evans paid a visit to Medan.
This visit culminated in the Short-Form Agreement (“the SFA”) dated 1 December
2007 signed by Edward Hong on behalf of the Vendors and by Rick Evans on
behalf of Columbia.[note: 20]

48 Prior to the SFA being signed, the parties had reached an agreement to
reduce the purchase price by US$341,000. This was because Columbia had
discovered that PTNM’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by
US$841,000 according to management accounts and balance sheet figures as at
September 2007 which were provided on behalf of the Vendors.[note: 21]
Columbia was of the view that the Vendors were obliged to bear this excess in
liabilities, in accordance with what had been agreed upon in negotiations.
Rick Evans nevertheless agreed that Columbia would be responsible for
US$500,000 of these liabilities, leaving the Vendors to bear the remaining
US$341,000.

49 The apportionment of the US$841,000 was done in the following manner. The
purchase price for the Sale Shares (99% of the Shares in UMPL) was reduced by
US$841,000, from US$31m to US$30,159,000. The US$500,000 which Columbia agreed
to be responsible for became the purchase price of Yayasan Gleni, a nursing
academy, which was to be the subject of a separate agreement. There was
initially no separate agreement to purchase Yayasan Gleni.

50 The SFA incorporated the abovementioned arrangement.[note: 22] The salient
terms of the SFA were that:

(a) Columbia would acquire the Sale Shares from the Vendors. Edward Hong would
retain 1% of the shares in UMPL and continue to serve as a commissioner and
director of PTNM. He would grant an exclusive option to Columbia to purchase
his 1% share at a purchase price of US$1,000 (pursuant to the Call Option
Agreement).

(b) The purchase price for the Sale Shares was to be US$30,159,000, which was
to be paid in its equivalent in Singapore dollars.

(c) The Vendors were to deliver both UMPL and PTNM free and clear of all
liens, debts and encumbrances. There were two exclusions in the case of PTNM:
(1) obligations to trade vendors and doctors that were part of the day to day
operations; and (2) debts owed to UMPL. The Vendors were not liable to
Columbia for these two categories of debts.

(d) Completion was targeted for 31 December 2007 with the possibility of an
extension of up to a month for reasons outside the control of the parties.

(e) Edward Hong was to sell to Columbia the entire interest in Yayasan Gleni
pursuant to a separate agreement, for a purchase price of US$500,000.

(f) All taxes payable to the Indonesian authorities for business operations of
UMPL and PTNM through 31 December 2007 were to be paid by the Vendors,
provided that this obligation would expire on 31 December 2008.

(g) The Vendors warranted that all the shares of UMPL were owned by them, and
that all the shares of PTNM were owned by UMPL (this included the 10% of
PTNM’s shares that were held by an Indonesian company on trust for UMPL).

(h) Columbia was to complete all due diligence processes no later than 10
December 2007.

(i) Columbia was to deliver a draft of a formal agreement incorporating the
terms of the SFA by 4 December 2007 and the parties were to make best efforts
to sign such an agreement by 7 December 2007.

(j) Columbia had the option of assigning up to 35% of the Sale Shares to an
interested third-party investor, Kuwait Finance House (M) Berhad (“KFH”) or
one of its subsidiaries.

(k) Columbia was to pay a deposit of US$1m upon the execution of the formal
agreement.

51 On 3 December 2007, Eddie Foo wrote to GSAF offering S$25.5m in full
settlement of the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness to be paid on 31 December 2007,
in accordance with a proposal made by GSAF on 7 May 2007. GSAF responded by
email on 6 December 2007 stating that it would accept S$25.5m in settlement
provided the money was paid by 31 December 2007 and a settlement deed was
executed.

The preparation and execution of the SSA

52 After the SFA was signed, Alan Lim communicated with MKP about the draft
formal agreement, that is, the SSA. Eventually, the signing of the SSA was
scheduled for 7 December 2007. On 7 December 2007, Michael Chow, Alan Lim,
Rick Evans, Boelio Muliadi, Edward Hong, Albert Hong and Eddie Foo attended a
meeting in Singapore for the finalisation and signing of the SSA by the
Vendors.[note: 23] There were discussions to finalise the terms of the SSA.
Upon finalisation of the terms, the SSA was engrossed and seven undated copies
of it were signed off by the Vendors and given to Alan Lim. Some of the terms
in the SSA were not identical to those in the SFA. This gave rise to some
allegations by the Hongs which I will elaborate on later.

53 Under the SSA, the Vendors agreed to sell 99,000 shares comprising 99% of
the issued share capital of UMPL to Columbia. The purchase price was agreed to
be US$30,159,000. At an agreed exchange rate of US$1 to S$1.45, this worked
out to S$43,730,550. This sum was apportioned as follows:

(a) S$25.5m was to be paid by Columbia directly to GSAF to discharge the
Goldman Sachs Indebtedness; and

(b) S$18,230,550 was defined as the purchase price for the Sale Shares
(notwithstanding that the actual purchase price was S$43,730,550).

The agreed completion date was 31 December 2007. The “Goldman Sachs
Indebtedness”, was defined as follows:

2.1.15 _Goldman Sachs Indebtedness_ means the aggregate of all sums whether
principal, interest (including without limitation default interest),
capitalised interest, commitment fee, insurance premium, fees (including but
not limited to valuation fees), costs and expenses, charges or otherwise
outstanding or payable or agreed to be payable by [UMPL] and any Security
Party from time to time whether solely or jointly with any other person and
whether as principal or surety and includes all liabilities and obligations
whether present or future, actual or contingent for the repayment or payment
of all monies by [UMPL] and any Security Party in respect of or arising from
the loan facility originally granted to [UMPL] by a loan facility originally
granted to [UMPL] by a third party and subsequently novated to [GSAF] and/or
the Security Documents which outstanding amount shall be Singapore Dollars
Twenty Five Million.

54 Under s 3.2 of the SSA, the S$18,230,550 was to be paid by Columbia to MKP
as stakeholders in the following manner:

3.2.1the Deposit Sum to the Vendors’ Solicitors as stakeholders upon execution
of this Agreement to be dealt with in accordance with Section 3.3 hereof; and

3.2.2the Balance Purchase Price to the Vendors’ Solicitors as stakeholders on
or before the Completion Date to be dealt with in accordance with Section 3.4
hereof

“Balance Purchase Price” and the “Deposit Sum” were defined in s 2.1 of the
SSA as follows:

2.1.3 _Balance Purchase Price_ means the sum of Singapore Dollars Sixteen
Million Seven Hundred Eighty Thousand Five Hundred and Fifty (SGD 16,780,550)
only...

2.1.20 _Deposit Sum_ means the sum of Singapore Dollars One Million Four
Hundred and Fifty Thousand Only (SGD 1,450,000.00) only

55 Section 3.4 of the SSA provided that the Vendors’ solicitors were to
release the balance of S$18,230,550 and the interest thereon in the following
manner:

3.4.1firstly, towards full and final settlement of the Liabilities; and

3.4.2secondly, the balance thereof, if any, to the Vendors upon the following
having been fulfilled :

a.all the security documents shall have been fully and unconditionally
released and discharged;

b....

Section 3.4.1 therefore provided that the purchase price was to be first
deployed towards settling the “Liabilities”, with “Liabilities” being defined
in s 2.1.24 of the SSA as follows:

2.1.24 _Liabilities_ means all and any present or future liabilities or
obligations of [UMPL] and the [PTNM] whether actual, contingent, or otherwise
whatsoever (excluding the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness, all obligations to trade
vendors and doctors that are a part of the day to day operation of [PTNM], and
the inter-company debts between [UMPL] and [PTNM]) incurred by [UMPL] and/or
[PTNM] less the current assets of [PTNM], up to and include [sic] the
Completion Date.

Under s 3.4.2, the Vendors would also have the obligation to ensure that the
security documents executed in relation to the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness were
released and discharged before they could pay themselves.

56 On 13 December 2008, MKP sent Alan Lim four undated copies of the Call
Option Agreement signed by Edward Hong. Under this agreement, Edward Hong
granted Columbia an option to acquire the remaining 1,000 shares in UMPL
comprising 1% of UMPL’s issued share capital at the purchase price of S$1,450.

57 The next day, a directors’ meeting of UMPL was held whereby DVI’s share
certificate for 10,000 shares in UMPL (“the DVI Shares”) was cancelled and a
new share certificate for a corresponding number of shares was issued to
Albert Hong.

58 On 19 December 2007, Rick Evans informed Edward Hong that he had signed the
SSA and the Call Option Agreement on behalf of Columbia.

59 A deed of settlement and discharge dated 21 December 2007 (“the Deed of
Settlement”) was signed between various parties including UMPL, Thermal
International, Edward Hong, Albert Hong and GSAF. Also, on 21 December 2007,
Columbia gave instructions to remit the deposit of S$1.45m under the SSA. The
deposit was received by MKP on or about 24 December 2007. The SSA and the Call
Option Agreement were both dated 24 December 2007.

The novation agreement(s)

60 Since PTNM was to be sold with its liabilities (except for the excluded
liabilities) discharged, there were discussions to assign or novate any debts
in PTNM’s books shown as owing to the Thermal Companies. According to Rick
Evans, the parties met at Albert Hong’s office in Singapore on 31 December
2007.[note: 24] The Hongs denied that any meeting took place that day.

61 Rick Evans’ evidence was that at the alleged meeting of 31 December 2007
one of the items agreed on was that the advances made by Thermal International
to PTNM, as shown in PTNM’s balance sheet for October 2007, were to be
assigned to Columbia. This led to a novation agreement in respect of certain
debts owing by PTNM to Thermal International being executed at completion.

62 There was also some correspondence to the effect that Columbia wanted a
second novation agreement with respect to debts owing by PTNM to Thermal
Industries. However, only the novation agreement involving Thermal
International was eventually executed at completion (the detailed facts
involving these debts are discussed later below in relation to Suit 861).
Thermal Industries alleged that Edward Hong refused to sign the novation
agreement for the debts owed by PTNM to Thermal Industries because these were
trade debts and, hence, the Vendors were not obliged to discharge them.
Columbia was informed of this. Columbia did not dispute that they were told
about Edward Hong’s reason for not signing that novation agreement, but
Columbia’s position was that it never agreed with Edward Hong’s reason. It was
content to proceed without the second novation agreement and to see how things
developed.

Events leading up to completion

63 As 31 December 2007 approached, it was agreed between the parties to the
SSA that Columbia would pay S$26,974,858 to MKP and that the latter would use
that sum to settle the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness. The sum of S$26,974,858 was
Columbia’s 65% share of the actual purchase price (that is, S$43,730,550 (see
[53] above)) less the deposit of S$1.45m already paid. It was not clear at
that time whether KFH was proceeding to take up 35% of the investment.

64 MKP received the S$26,974,858 on 2 January 2008, and on 4 January 2008, MKP
paid S$25.5m to GSAF. On 9 January 2008, Edward Hong wrote to Rick Evans by
email asserting that GSAF had already been paid from the money that Columbia
had sent and that s 3.4.2(b) of the SSA had been fulfilled, _ie_ , that “all
the security documents [had been] fully and unconditionally released and
discharged”.[note: 25]

65 On 15 January 2008, MKP sent an email to Alan Lim forwarding an email from
GSAF dated 8 January 2007 confirming receipt of S$25.5m. MKP also forwarded a
letter from GSAF’s solicitors, Allen & Gledhill LLP (“A&G”) dated 8 January
2008. The letter from A&G to MKP forwarded various documents pursuant to the
Deed of Settlement dated 21 December 2007.[note: 26]

66 On 16 January 2008, Alan Lim responded to MKP saying that he was unable to
conclude that the documents enumerated in A&G’s letter of 8 January 2008 were
in fact exhaustive, and that Columbia’s Singapore solicitors, TSMP Law
Corporation, had not been able to complete the legal due diligence because
documents were still outstanding. Alan Lim further asked MKP to take note of s
3.4.2 of the SSA.[note: 27]

67 This drew a lengthy written response from MKP on 17 January 2008.[note: 28]
The response referred to a telephone conversation which Rick Evans had with
Edward Hong, in which Rick Evans told Edward Hong that KFH was not proceeding
with the transaction, and that Columbia would pay the balance of the actual
purchase price. According to MKP’s response, Rick Evans had informed Edward
Hong during their telephone conversation “that payment of the Balance Purchase
Price would be received in Singapore on 22 January 2008”. MKP’s response also
stated that Edward Hong had “agreed to this extended date for payment, with
the understanding that on receipt of the balance, the Vendors will have access
to the funds.”[note: 29]

68 Rick Evans in his AEIC disputed the above version of events. He asserted
that while he had indicated that Columbia might be able to complete by 22
January 2008, he had not made a firm commitment to that date. In any case he
had never agreed that the Vendors would have access to the money.[note: 30] On
17 January 2008, Alan Lim wrote back to MKP stating that Columbia would pay
the balance by 25 January 2008 and that all moneys paid were to be dealt with
in accordance with s 3.4 of the SSA.[note: 31]

69 On 18 January 2008, MKP responded to reiterate the Vendors’ position that
Edward Hong had only agreed to further extend the completion date past the
already extended date of 18 January 2008 provided that the remaining 35% of
the actual purchase price would be received by the Vendors on or before 22
January 2008 and that the SSA be varied to allow the Vendors to have access to
this balance.[note: 32]

70 On 20 January 2008, Rick Evans spoke with Edward Hong and they agreed that
they would complete on 22 January 2008. Later that day, Alan Lim wrote to MKP
setting out the arrangements upon completion.

71 Alan Lim subsequently sent to MKP an amended draft of the novation
agreement for Thermal International, a draft of the novation agreement for
Thermal Industries and a draft of an agreement for the purchase of Yayasan
Gleni. I have referred to the intended novation agreements earlier. The
Yayasan Gleni agreement was duly executed on 22 January 2008 and the
consideration of S$725,000 (being the equivalent of US$500,000) was
subsequently paid.

72 Completion under the SSA occurred on 22 January 2008 at MKP’s office. A
bank draft for S$15,305,692 (being the balance of the purchase price) was
handed to MKP. In return, MKP handed over certain documents, including the
land title certificate for the Land. MKP’s letter of 22 January 2008 also
stated that the land title certificate in PTNM’s name for the Land was “free
from all and any Encumbrances whatsoever”.[note: 33] However, it was later
discovered that MEC’s name had not been removed (as a chargee) from the land
title certificate. Shortly after completion, Columbia took over the management
of the Hospital.

Post-completion events

73 Post-completion, MKP sent a number of emails to Alan Lim. In these emails
MKP sought confirmation that they could pay out the balance of the money they
were holding to the Vendors, on the basis that Rick Evans had purportedly
agreed with Edward Hong to vary the SSA to allow the Vendors access to the
funds. Columbia’s stance at that point was that they had never agreed to a
waiver of s 3.4 of the SSA (which provided for how the purchase price was to
be released). Nevertheless, preparations were made to allow MKP to release to
the Vendors 90% of the money currently held by them as a gesture of goodwill.
The 10% remainder was to be retained by MKP as stakeholder until all the
conditions in s 3.4 had been complied with.[note: 34] This position was
communicated to MKP in Alan Lim’s email to them dated 24 January 2008.

74 On 29 January 2008, MKP wrote to Alan Lim. The letter attached various
forms that had been provided by GSAF’s solicitors. MKP was of the
understanding that those forms had to be filed in Indonesia in order to obtain
clean title to the Land. The executed documents were eventually sent by MKP to
Alan Lim’s office under the cover of their letter of 14 February 2008. As it
transpired, these documents proved ineffective to remove the MEC Charge.

75 By a letter dated 31 January 2008, MKP wrote to Alan Lim enclosing a letter
of release signed by GSAF dated 21 January 2008. On the same day, MKP sent an
email to Alan Lim asserting that the Vendors had fully complied with the SSA
and that they were entitled to the rest of the moneys being retained by MKP.
MKP specifically asserted that “[i]n so far as section 3.4.1 and section
3.4.2(a) are concerned, the Liabilities have been fully and finally settled
and all security documents (of the Company) have been fully and
unconditionally discharged”.[note: 35]

76 On 1 February 2008, Alan Lim wrote to MKP indicating that while the Vendors
had not fully complied with s 3.4 of the SSA, Rick Evans was agreeable to the
“release of the 10% Balance Purchase Price to the Vendors upon Mr Edward
Hong’s undertaking to assist our client to resolve all outstanding issues”.
The email emphasised that this was done “in the spirit of goodwill and good
faith”.[note: 36] MKP wrote back on the same day to confirm Edward Hong’s
undertaking and that accordingly they would be releasing the remaining 10% of
the money to the Vendors.

77 On 27 February 2008, UMPL received a letter from DVI’s solicitors, Shook
Lin & Bok LLP (“Shook Lin”). DVI’s assets were, at that point, under the
control of a liquidating trustee. Shook Lin’s letter asserted DVI’s claim to
10,000 shares in UMPL. On 7 March 2008, MKP wrote to Alan Lim stating that his
“clients shall deal with the purported claim of [DVI’s liquidating trustee]
with [Shook Lin] directly if the need arises.”[note: 37] The liquidator of DVI
eventually brought legal proceedings against the Hongs and UMPL to enforce its
rights, but later discontinued the action.

78 By a letter dated 16 May 2008, Alan Lim sent a notice to MKP that Columbia
intended to exercise its option under the Call Option Agreement to purchase
the 1,000 shares in UMPL held by Edward Hong. Columbia accordingly paid
S$5,800, and the last 1,000 shares in UMPL were transferred to them in early
July 2008.

79 In May 2008, there was communication between Eddie Foo and Prem Abraham
concerning debts that were allegedly due from PTNM to Thermal International as
a trade vendor, and which had not been assigned under the novation agreement
which Thermal International had signed. On 28 May 2008, PTNM made a payment of
S$200,000 to Thermal International. I will elaborate on this below as it
features in Suit 862.

80 A few months after completion, Columbia discovered issues regarding what
they alleged to be under-declaration and under-payment of income tax by the
Hospital in the past. Columbia was concerned, in particular, about Article 21
withholding tax (“Art 21 WHT”). This was tax that the Hospital, as an
employer, was obliged to withhold from its employees (in this case doctors).
The Hospital was then to pay this withholding tax directly to the Indonesian
Tax Authority (“the ITA”) on behalf of its employees. Edward Hong claimed that
he and Eddie Foo met with Rick Evans in the middle of March 2008 to discuss
these issues. In his AEIC, Edward Hong stated that:

Amongst the matters discussed at this meeting were the tax issues. **_We
explained that consistent with what we were advised as the industry practice,
the withholding tax on doctors’ fees would be slightly under-declared so that
the doctors would get more fees as would the hospital._** We told them that as
advised by our Indonesian management team, this was common practice in the
medical industry in Indonesia. [...]

[...]

**_Neither Rick Evans nor Columbia’s solicitors raised any problems with the
tax issue at that meeting. To me, it was a non issue_**.[note: 38]

[emphasis added]

The position of Rick Evans and Columbia was that such a meeting never
occurred.

81 On 30 May 2008, Rick Evans met Edward Hong for a lunch meeting in Singapore
to discuss the tax issues. At this meeting, Rick Evans indicated to Edward
Hong that he was aware of the practice of under-declaration and under-payment
of Art 21 WHT in the Hospital and that Columbia, now in control of the
Hospital, intended to comply with Indonesian law in the future and abandon the
Hospital’s previous practice in this regard.[note: 39]

82 Following the lunch meeting, Edward Hong sent an email to Rick Evans on 2
June 2008 where he stated that the past practice in relation to the under-
declaration and under-payment of Art 21WHT (what he called “the old system”)
had been in place since the inception of the Hospital. Edward Hong further
stated that PTNM had not had trouble with the ITA. Referring to Rick Evans’
decision to comply with Indonesian tax law, Edward Hong wrote that:[note: 40]

[S]hould such deliberate and obvious change by you be the reason for a review
by the revenue authorities of previous years’ taxes and particularly should it
trigger back-assessment of taxes, then, we are of opinion that such additional
taxes and/or penalties should, properly, not be to account of the
vendors...[note: 41]

83 On 11 June 2008, Rick Evans responded, stating that the Vendors were bound
by the SSA, and could not unilaterally absolve themselves from any liabilities
whether of UMPL or PTNM, if such liabilities flowed from the failure in the
past to observe or comply with the relevant tax legislation.

84 Subsequently, Columbia ran into difficulties removing the MEC Charge (“the
Land problem”). Alan Lim requested help from the Hongs to resolve the problem.
Emails were exchanged between the parties on the resolution of the Land
problem. Columbia also made various allegations of improper book-keeping and
potential tax liabilities incurred by PTNM when under the management of the
Hongs. The Hongs, on their part, continued to demand payment for various sums
allegedly owed by PTNM to the Thermal Companies (these payments form the
subject matter of Suits 861 and 862).

85 MKP’s letter dated 30 October 2008 to Alan Lim accused Columbia of raising
various “non-issues”, “to delay payment of the undisputed sums of S$669,654.28
and US$9762, due and owing to [Thermal International] by PTNM”.[note: 42] In
relation to the Land problem, MKP also stated that their clients, the Hongs,
found it “amusing that Columbia Asia has chosen, for their own improper
purpose, not to see through the scam for what it is – that those Indonesian
security-registering authorities just want their palms greased before agreeing
to the OBVIOUS.”[note: 43] In respect of the improper book-keeping and tax
liabilities, MKP made the general assertion that everything had been declared
to Columbia and that it had been factored into the price.

86 By an email dated 20 November 2008, MKP wrote to Alan Lim to inform him
that he had issued two writs against PTNM on behalf of Thermal Industries and
Thermal International. Those writs were Suits 861 and 862 respectively.

87 In the meantime, Columbia continued to attempt to seek the Hongs’
assistance to resolve the Land problem which Columbia claimed was hampering
its ability to obtain financing by using the Land as collateral. MKP responded
by way of a letter dated 3 December 2008 stating that the Hongs had been
advised that the resolution of the Land problem “could have been accomplished
within one week at an approximate cost of the equivalent of US$1,000” and that
they (the Hongs) were “ready, willing and able to assist in the process. They
always have.”[note: 44]

88 On 6 March 2009, Rick Evans and Edward Hong met in Singapore in an attempt
to resolve the Land problem and the alleged debts owed by PTNM to the Thermal
Companies. Rick Evans claimed he told Edward Hong that if the Land problem
could be resolved, he would be prepared to discuss the outstanding amounts
claimed by the Thermal Companies.[note: 45] Edward Hong said that he would
resolve the Land problem and have the MEC Charge removed from the land title
certificate by the end of the month.

89 An email was sent from Edward Hong to Rick Evans on the same day (6 March
2009) purporting to summarise their discussion.[note: 46] According to that
email, Rick Evans had agreed, in exchange for the Hongs resolving the Land
problem by the end of the month, to pay “the full amount of the agreed
outstanding trading debt that still exists between our 2 companies, as
claimed/documented, approximately S$670K plus US$10K.”[note: 47] In his
evidence, Rick Evans disagreed with this aspect of Edward Hong’s email,
contending that he had never agreed to pay the outstanding sums mentioned
therein. However, in Rick Evans’ reply to Edward Hong’s email, dated 11 March
2009, he did not dispute Edward Hong’s allegation that he had agreed to pay
the alleged outstanding trade debt in return for the removal of the MEC
Charge.[note: 48]

90 Despite Edward Hong’s personal efforts after 6 March 2009,[note: 49] he
could not procure the removal of the MEC Charge. Towards the tail end of his
unsuccessful efforts, Edward Hong wrote in an email dated 19 June 2009 that
Columbia had not informed the Hongs that “[GSAF] and [Columbia] had
unsuccessfully endeavoured to have MEC’s interest on the relevant title
removed” when Columbia encouraged the Hongs to commit to cleaning up the title
of the Land.[note: 50] Edward Hong’s email also alleged that their commitment
to clean up the land title was given on a “best endeavour” basis at a without
prejudice meeting on 6 March 2009. Nevertheless, he assured Columbia that “we
are advised by the various parties working on our behalf that we are close to
having the matter resolved by the first week of July 2009”.

91 In a further email from Edward Hong dated 8 July 2009, Edward Hong
reiterated that the 6 March 2009 meeting in Singapore was a “without
prejudice” meeting, and that he had agreed to clean up the land title “as a
good corporate Samaritan”.[note: 51] Edward Hong further stated that “I cannot
assist you further with this Land issue and will allow the matter to rest.” He
ended his email by saying that the matter should be between GSAF and Columbia
as Columbia had paid the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness and “in consideration for
which [GSAF] were meant to deliver an unencumbered title”.

92 I pause here to mention that I have referred to the 6 March 2009 meeting
and the email sent by Edward Hong on 6 March 2009 in respect of that meeting,
even though Edward Hong subsequently alleged that the 6 March 2009 meeting was
on a without prejudice basis. I do not accept that that meeting was conducted
on a without prejudice basis. That allegation was made by Edward Hong too late
in the day to try and prevent Columbia from relying on the meeting. When he
wrote on 6 March 2009 to refer to that meeting, he did not say it was on a
without prejudice basis. He only alleged that the meeting was on a without
prejudice basis for the first time in his email dated 19 June 2009, when he
had encountered difficulties in removing the MEC Charge. In any event, the
closing submission for the Hongs for Suit 964 relied on that meeting in
respect of the Inflated Revenue Issue. Therefore, the Hongs have waived
disclosure of the substance of the meeting even if it had been conducted on a
without prejudice basis.

93 Rick Evans replied to Edward Hong on 13 July 2009 stating that he had been
closely following the Hongs’ efforts to deliver a clean land title and that
his previous statements that the Land problem would be easy to resolve had
been unrealistic.[note: 52] Rick Evans also emphasised that the Vendors had an
obligation to deliver the Land free of all encumbrances and that they had, to
date, failed to discharge this obligation. He also said that an unsuccessful
attempt by GSAF to transfer the security interest in the Land to themselves
between 2005 and 2006 had never been disclosed to Columbia by the Vendors.
Rick Evans stated that Edward Hong’s assertions with respect to “a best
endeavour commitment” and on a “without prejudice basis” were imagined and he
enjoined the Hongs to resolve the Land problem.[note: 53]

94 On 11 November 2009, Columbia instituted Suit 964 against the Hongs.
Further efforts were taken by Columbia and/or PTNM to resolve the Land
problem, but they proved futile until on or about 15 October 2012 when the MEC
Charge was finally removed.[note: 54]

Suit 964

Issue 1: the Encumbrance Issue

Summary of relevant facts

95 It is to be recalled that on or about June 2002, UMPL obtained the MEC Loan
for US$12m from MEC which was secured by the MEC Charge, which was accordingly
reflected in the land title certificate. Under an agreement dated 30 September
2004, MEC’s rights, title and interest under the MEC Loan were assigned to
GSAF. However, GSAF was unable to register a security interest in its own name
with the Medan Land Office. Neither did it obtain the removal of the MEC
Charge.

96 The MEC Loan formed part of the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness as defined in s
2.1.15 of the SSA. Columbia paid the sum of S$26,974,858, which included the
Goldman Sachs Indebtedness of S$25.5m to MKP as stakeholders on 2 January
2008. MKP in turn paid S$25.5m to discharge the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness on
or about 4 January 2008. Upon receiving payment, Goldman Sachs signed and
issued a Form of Release dated 21 January 2008, purporting to release a
security interest over the Land.

97 On 19 March 2009, PTNM applied to the Medan Land Office for the removal of
the MEC Charge from the land title certificate. PTNM was informed by the Medan
Land Office on 6 April 2009 that MEC remained registered as the security
interest holder and that, in the circumstances, GSAF was not in a position to
grant a release of the security interest.[note: 55] Consequently, the form of
release signed by GSAF was rejected by the Medan Land Office.

98 The MEC Charge remained on the land title certificate until on or about 15
October 2012, after the first tranche of this trial, when efforts in removing
it were finally successful.

Whether the Hongs are liable under the SSA for failing to deliver the Land
free of encumbrances

99 The SSA laid out a number of obligations on the Vendors regarding title to
the Hospital and the Land, including:

(a) The obligation to forward the completion documents to Columbia (s 7.1.1.1
of the SSA). The completion documents included “the original title deed to the
Hospital in the name of [PTNM] free from all and any Encumbrances whatsoever”
(s 2.1.9.1 of the SSA).

(b) The Hospital and the Land were warranted to be “free from all and any
Encumbrances” (s 9.1.1.2 of the SSA).

(c) PTNM was warranted to have “good and marketable title” to the whole of the
Land (s 26.2.1 of the Third Schedule to the SSA).

100 “Encumbrance” was defined in s 2.1.12 of the SSA as follows:

_Encumbrance_ includes any interest or equity of any person (including any
right to acquire, option, pre-emption right or right of first refusal) or any
debenture, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, assignment, hypothecation, security
interest, title retention or any other security agreement or arrangement.

101 Columbia’s case was that the Hongs were in breach of the above terms. They
had failed to deliver the original title deed to the Land free of
encumbrances, as the MEC Charge had not been removed.[note: 56]

102 The Hongs’ defence was two-fold. First, that the MEC Charge was not an
“encumbrance” because there was no debt underlying it; the MEC Charge was, at
most, an administrative oversight. [note: 57] Second, that Columbia had waived
its rights, or was estopped from alleging that the existence of the MEC Charge
on the land title certificate was a breach of warranty. This was due to the
fact that Columbia affirmed and completed the SSA despite having had full
knowledge of the MEC Charge on the land title certificate.[note: 58]

(1) Whether the MEC Charge was an “encumbrance” under the SSA

103 The MEC Charge clearly fell within the definition of “encumbrance” on a
plain reading of s 2.1.12 of the SSA. The fact that the debt that the MEC
Charge was meant to secure had been paid off did not make it any less a charge
that remained on the land title certificate.

104 The existence of an encumbrance is not to be confused with the quantum of
the debt secured by the encumbrance. Hence, the existence of an encumbrance
does not vary depending on whether it secures a large debt, a small debt, or
no debt at all. The existence of an encumbrance is also not to be confused
with the ease or difficulty of removing the encumbrance.

105 The argument for the Hongs that no one else could claim under the MEC
Charge because the debt has been paid was irrelevant to the Encumbrance Issue.
It was a disingenuous argument which reflected their desperate situation.
Absurd results would follow if it were correct.

106 It would mean that if there was a GSAF charge registered on the land title
certificate, all that the Hongs would have had to do under the SSA was to
discharge the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness. They would not have had to remove
the GSAF charge, as the latter too would not constitute an encumbrance once
the underlying debt was paid off. The unsustainability of the argument is
obvious.

107 The Hongs cited a Court of Appeal authority, _Huang Ching Hwee v Heng Kay
Pah and Anor_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 452 (“ _Huang Ching Hwee_ ”), for the
proposition that “the continued entry of MEC’s name on the register was not a
defect of title ... because neither MEC nor any other third party had any
subsisting rights over the Land”[note: 59]. In my view, this case is
irrelevant in the present context. In _Huang Ching Hwee_ , the court
considered whether there was an implied term under a contract for sale of land
that the vendor has a duty to disclose latent defects of title. The court
there held that a potential statutory liability (in contrast to one where
notice had already been issued by the relevant authority) arising from
unauthorised alterations to the property was not a defect of title. The issue
in the present proceedings is a different one altogether. There was nothing in
that case suggesting that the MEC Charge was not an encumbrance. In any event
the definition of “Encumbrance” in the SSA is clearly against the Hongs. The
MEC Charge was an encumbrance whether or not it was disclosed to Columbia.

108 Furthermore, I reiterate that even in Edward Hong’s own email dated 8 July
2009, he had said that the issue of the MEC Charge should be between GSAF and
Columbia (see [91] above). The reason was that Columbia had already paid off
the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness, in return for which GSAF was meant to deliver
“an unencumbered title”. Edward Hong’s reference to “an unencumbered title”
demonstrated that the Hongs knew all along that the MEC Charge was an
encumbrance. Consequently, they must have known that it was their obligation
to procure the removal of the MEC Charge but chose to contend otherwise when
it suited them.

109 It follows that any suggestion by MKP in communication with Alan Lim that
the Hongs had done all that they were obliged to do under the SSA in respect
of the Land was just wishful thinking.

(2) Whether the MEC Charge resulted in PTNM not possessing “good and
marketable title” to the Land

110 I proceed now to examine whether the existence of the MEC Charge resulted
in a breach of the warranty that PTNM had “good and marketable title” to the
Land. This point was not addressed specifically by the Hongs’ defence. I will
deal with it quickly.

111 I find the remarks on this point in _Sinclair on Warranties and
Indemnities on Share and Asset Sales_ (Robert Thompson gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2011) at para 6-14 instructive:

A vendor of land will be expected to show good title. He must prove that he is
entitled to and is selling the legal estate in the land for the appropriate
tenure... free from encumbrances or defects which will or may impact the use
and enjoyment of the property for the purpose for which it is intended to be
used save as is otherwise provided of disclosed...

**_The inclusion of the words “and marketable” involves a separate
requirement, by implying that there is an absence of other factors relating to
the property, either rendering it commercially unsaleable or impairing its
saleability._** The limited nature of the requirement to show good title is
thus opened up to general aspects of marketability.

[emphasis added]

112 It can be seen that the requirement of “marketability” is an additional
requirement. In my view, the saleability of the Land was impaired so long as
the MEC Charge remained. Buyers would obviously require and assume that the
MEC Charge would be removed, just as Columbia did. As an aside, it remains a
mystery to me why GSAF acquired MEC’s rights under the MEC loan and the US$3m
loan facility without ensuring that the MEC Charge was removed. The terms of
GSAF’s acquisition were not made known to the court. Also, the non-removal may
have been due to an omission on someone’s part.

113 Accordingly, I find that the Hongs are in breach of their obligations
under the SSA to deliver the original title deed to the Land and the Hospital
free from encumbrances, and to deliver good and marketable title to the Land.

(3) Whether Columbia has waived or was estopped from relying on the Hongs’
breaches

114 I turn now to the Hongs’ contention that Columbia had waived the
obligation to deliver the land title certificate to the Land free from
encumbrances, or that they were estopped from insisting on the performance of
this obligation. The Hongs relied on the completion under the SSA and the
release of the entire purchase price to support their contention.

115 I have set out above (at [73], [75] and [76]) in detail the circumstances
as to how the completion and the eventual release of the entire purchase price
came about. It is obvious that Columbia did not waive the relevant
requirement. Neither did Columbia make any representation which would have
caused the Hongs to believe that Columbia would not rely on the relevant
requirement.

116 I recognise that neither Rick Evans nor Alan Lim mentioned specifically at
either the time of completion or the release of the entire purchase price that
the MEC Charge was still to be removed. However, it is clear from the
communication set out above that neither had agreed that the Hongs had done
all that they were required to do. Indeed, as stated at [76] above, when Alan
Lim wrote to MKP on 1 February 2008, he made it clear that the Hongs had not
fully complied with s 3.4 of the SSA, and that Rick Evans was agreeable to
releasing the last 10% of the actual purchase price only on Edward Hong’s
undertaking to assist in resolving all outstanding issues.

117 Columbia had taken things for granted. It had assumed, wrongly, that there
would be no difficulty in getting the MEC Charge removed. On that basis, it
was agreeable to the completion and the release of the entire purchase price.
However, I do not accept that Edward Hongs’ undertaking (given through MKP’s
email of 1 February 2008 (see [76] above) to assist Columbia to resolve all
outstanding issues was given gratuitously, as was suggested in their closing
submissions. Nor do I accept that the Hongs were only obliged to use their
best endeavours to get the MEC Charge removed, as Edward Hong had belatedly
suggested in his email of 19 June 2009 (see [90] above).

118 Accordingly, I find that Columbia did not waive nor was it estopped from
relying on the Hongs’ breaches of their obligations under:

(a) s 7.1.1.1 of the SSA to transfer the Land and the original title deed to
the Hospital free from all encumbrances;

(b) s 9.1.1.2 of the SSA that the Hospital and the Land would be free from all
encumbrances at the Completion Date; and

(c) s 26.2.1 of the Third Schedule to the SSA that PTNM had “good and
marketable title”.

The appropriate measure of damages

119 Columbia sought two forms of relief. The first was for damages to be
assessed for “the diminution in value of [PTNM] and/or the Sale Shares and/or
receiving title to the Land that is encumbered”. The second was for an
indemnity for “[c]osts, including legal costs, of taking the necessary
measures to remove the Encumbrance on the Land so as to obtain a good and
marketable title to the Land”. The first was a claim for the diminution in
value of the Sale Shares. The second was for the costs of cure: the moneys
expended in removing the MEC Charge from the Land.

120 Columbia alleged that PTNM incurred costs, including legal costs, to
remove the MEC Charge from the land title in the sum of US$391,251.
Subsequently, in a chambers hearing on 6 February 2013, Mr Kumar, counsel for
Columbia, indicated that the claim for costs incurred to remove the MEC Charge
was an alternative claim to that for damages for receiving an encumbered
title. Clearly, the measure of damages must be calculated _either_ on the
basis of the costs of cure _or_ the diminution in value, and the plaintiffs
are not entitled to claim for both at the same time: see _Metalform Asia Pte
Ltd v Ser Kim Koi and another (Holland Leedon Pte Ltd (in liquidation), third
party)_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 369 (“ _Metalform Asia_ ”) at [14].

121 In closing submissions, Mr Kumar argued that the more appropriate measure
of damages would be the diminution in the value of the Sale Shares. The
argument was that the MEC Charge would have decreased the value of the Land.
This reduction in value of the Land, one of PTNM’s main assets, would, in
turn, have led to a diminution in value in UMPL’s shares. It is not surprising
that Columbia attempted to quantify its damages in this manner. Columbia’s
expert, James Searby, had filed a report assessing such a diminution in value
at S$1.52m. This amount far exceeds the costs of cure, which Columbia alleged
was US$391,251.

122 Columbia submitted that s 8.4.2 of the SSA stipulated that the diminution
in value was the appropriate measure of damages:

8.4.2Subject to completion of the sale and purchase of the Sale Shares, if at
any time it shall be found that any matter and subject of a Warranty was not
as warranted and that the Vendors are in breach of such Warranty and the
effect of such breach is that either:

8.4.2.1 **_the value of the Company or any asset of the Company or the value
of the Sale Shares is less than what its value would have been had there been
no such breach of Warranty_** ; or

8.4.2.2the Company and/or the IndoCo have/has incurred any liability (actual
or contingent) which would not have been incurred had there been no such
breach of Warranty,

Then the Vendors will make good the amount of the diminution in the value of
the assets of the Company or the liability incurred by the Company and/or the
IndoCo, as the case may be, or **_if the Purchaser shall so elect in its
absolute discretion, pay to the Purchaser an amount equal to the diminution
thereby caused in the value of the Sale Shares_** _;_ Provided always that
these provisions shall be without prejudice to any other rights or remedies
which the Purchaser may have by reason of any breach of such Warranty.

[emphasis added]

123 To begin with, Rick Evans’ evidence was that he would not have completed
the transaction if he had known of the Land problem:[note: 60]

If I had known that I would not be receiving an unencumbered Land Title or
that I could not have easily obtained such a title shortly thereafter, I would
not have completed the transaction.

In the circumstances, Columbia submitted that the appropriate measure of
damages is the diminution in the value of the property as a saleable asset.

124 In support of its contention, Columbia cited the following passage from
Harvey McGregor, Martin Spencer & Julian Picton, _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet
& Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2012) (“ _McGregor_ ”) at para 22-026 for the general
position at law:

Where the claimant has entered into possession and then a defect is
discovered, it may be that there is little or no chance that he will be
evicted in the case of a superior title or that his enjoyment of the premises
will be interfered with in the case of an incumbrance. In such circumstances
it is arguable that the damages should be nominal, on the ground that until
eviction or other interference the injury is merely hypothetical. Against this
it may be said with force that the covenant for good right to convey would
thus be watered down to one for quiet enjoyment and that, to avoid this, the
claimant should get full damages here and now. It is suggested that a middle
course is the correct one. **_The claimant should be able to recover damages
representing the diminution in the value of the property as a saleable asset
by reason of the possibility of interference, and the more remote the
possibility the less will the selling value be diminished._** [emphasis added]

125 Columbia submitted that an appropriate measure of the diminution in value
in the present case is the difference in value between the Land free from all
encumbrances and the Land encumbered with a charge of uncertain duration.
Columbia pointed to the fact that it took Columbia some four years and nine
months to procure the discharge of the MEC Charge to support its assertion
that the MEC Charge was, at the time of completion, a charge encumbering the
Land for an _uncertain duration_. Columbia also cited the case of _Watts v
Marrow_ [1991] 1 WLR 1421, a decision concerning a negligent building survey,
for the proposition that the correct measure of damages in cases where the
claimant would _not_ have acquired the property in question had it known of
the defects is the diminution in value of the property and not the costs of
cure.

126 James Searby’s report analysed the difference in value between the Land
free from encumbrances, and the Land encumbered by “a charge of an uncertain
duration”.[note: 61] According to James Searby, the best measure of this would
be the effect on the _marketability_ of the Land of an encumbrance of
uncertain duration.[note: 62] James Searby considered it appropriate to use
what he termed the “transaction-based” approach, which compared the market
value of a marketable asset to the observed value of a similar, non-marketable
asset.[note: 63] James Searby then went on to examine a range of studies known
as “restricted stock studies” comparing trading prices of restricted stock in
public company shares with contemporaneous prices for identical (but
unrestricted) stock in public markets. James Searby noted that post-1990
restricted stock studies indicated discount rates of between 9% and 22%. He
also cited two studies which used regression analysis on restricted stocks to
try to isolate the discount for lack of marketability from other factors,
which indicated discounts in a range of between 7.23% and 13.5%.[note: 64]
Based on the preceding figures, James Searby concluded that a reasonable
discount for the lack of marketability in the present case would lie between
10% and 20%.[note: 65] Assuming the value of the Land to be US$7m, which was
the value put on the Land by Eddie Foo on 25 October 2007, James Searby
estimated that an appropriate discount for the encumbered land should have
been US$1.05m or S$1.52m.[note: 66]

127 I am not convinced by the arguments put forth by Columbia on this
particular point. I am of the view that a more appropriate measure of damages
is the costs of cure. My reasons are as follows.

128 I do not accept the argument that the MEC charge was of uncertain duration
and that the damage caused by the encumbrance ought to be considered as at the
time of completion.

129 I make two observations. First, at the time of completion, neither side
believed that there would be any difficulty in removing the MEC Charge. Aside
from their beliefs, it is undisputed that the underlying debt had been paid
off. It should not have been difficult to have the MEC Charge removed. The
uncertainty or difficulty in removing the MEC Charge was known to the parties
only after completion. It is therefore inappropriate to say that at the time
of completion, the MEC Charge was for an uncertain duration. Second, Columbia
appeared to be suggesting that this court should not take into account
developments after completion. I do not agree with that suggestion. If
Columbia was right, it would still be entitled to full damages even if the MEC
Charge was removed one day or one week after completion. Such a suggestion is
unjust and preposterous.

130 I do not accept that s 8.4.2 of the SSA is applicable. That provision
applies only if the value of PTNM or the Sale Shares is permanently affected,
which is not the case here, since the MEC Charge has been removed.

131 I note _McGregor_ suggests that the appropriate measure of damages for
defective title is the diminution in the value of the property as a saleable
asset by reason of the possibility of interference. _McGregor_ refers to
_Turner v Moon_ [1901] 2 Ch 825 (“ _Turner”_) for this suggestion. In that
case, the buyer discovered the existence of a right of way over a property
after he had already bought it. In the buyer’s action for breach of an implied
covenant of title, it was held that the proper measure of damages was “the
difference between the value of the property as purported to be conveyed, and
that which the vendor had power to convey”. There is therefore a material
difference between the facts of _Turner_ and of the present case. In the
present case, the MEC Charge was expected to be removed and although it took a
much longer time and much more effort to do so, the MEC Charge has been
removed.

132 James Searby’s report was also made on the premise that the non-
marketability of title may have been permanent. In other words, it was based
on an assessment of probabilities of various outcomes at the time of
completion. But it is illogical for this court to make an assessment of
damages based on probable outcomes, when one of the outcomes has already
materialised. James Searby’s report must surely be affected by the fact that
the MEC Charge was subsequently removed on 15 October 2012. With the benefit
of this knowledge, it appears to me to be inappropriate to continue to
characterise the MEC Charge as a “charge of uncertain duration”. As noted by
the Court of Appeal in _Metalform Asia_ at [14]:

The measure of damages must be calculated either on the basis of “the costs of
cure” or “loss of bargain” and **_which one is applicable depends on the
circumstances of the individual case._** [emphasis added]

133 It is clear to me that the appropriate measure of damages is the costs of
cure. However, the information that the MEC Charge was finally removed and the
alleged costs of cure were provided in the midst of the trial. Therefore, I
ordered a bifurcation of the assessment of the costs of cure on 20 February
2013 in order not to delay the completion of the trial. If the Hongs lost on
the Encumbrance Issue, there would be a separate assessment for the costs of
cure.

Issue 2: the DVI Issue

Summary of relevant facts

134 DVI previously owned 10,000 shares in UMPL. According to the Hongs, when
DVI went into liquidation in the USA, the Bankruptcy Court for the District of
Delaware issued a “Notice of Sale by De Minimis Shares of Stock” on 10
September 2004 stating that the 10,000 DVI shares were available for purchase
for US$1,000. Albert Hong responded through his then solicitors, Wee Swee Teow
& Co, claiming that as an existing shareholder in UMPL, he had a pre-emption
right to acquire those shares under Article 29 of UMPL’s Articles of
Association. Albert Hong allegedly exercised his right of pre-emption to
purchase the shares for US$1,000 (although arguably by then DVI had withdrawn
the offer to sell these shares).[note: 67]

135 At a directors’ meeting of UMPL held on 14 December 2007, it was resolved
that “pursuant to [Article] 33, on receipt of US$1,000.00 from Albert Hong,
for the DVI shares, the Company do and hereby cancel the DVI shares and that
Mr Albert Hong be registered as the shareholder of the 10,000 shares.”[note:
68] Albert Hong accordingly purported to pay to UMPL US$1,000 to be held on
trust for DVI’s liquidating trustee in order to cancel the DVI shares and
obtain the issuance of an equivalent number of shares in his name. The 10,000
shares then formed part of the Sale Shares sold to Columbia under the SSA.

136 As noted above (at [77]), the liquidating trustee of DVI subsequently
brought a claim against the Hongs, UMPL and Columbia in relation to these
10,000 shares in Suit No 61 of 2012. The claim was discontinued without
prejudice to DVI bringing a fresh action.

Whether the Hongs are liable under the SSA to indemnify Columbia against any
third-party claims relating to the Sale Shares

137 Under s 9.1.1.2 of the SSA, the Hongs warranted that they have ownership
of and title to the Sale Shares at the completion date, and that the Sale
Shares would be transferred to Columbia free from all encumbrances. Under s
9.1.1.10 of the SSA, the Hongs warranted that the Sale Shares were duly
authorised and validly issued and allotted. On that basis, Columbia sought an
indemnity from the Hongs under s 8.4.2 of the SSA for any loss it may suffer
in relation to any claim by DVI, including the costs of defending any such
claim. Section 8.4 of the SSA obliged the Hongs to hold Columbia harmless from
all suits, proceedings and judgments suffered by Columbia as a result of any
breaches of the warranties given by the Vendors.

138 The Hongs had previously accepted that they would have the responsibility
of dealing with any claim from DVI’s liquidating trustee. As stated above (at
[77]), in a letter from MKP to Alan Lim dated 7 March 2008, MKP reassured Alan
Lim that “[o]ur clients shall deal with the purported claim of [DVI’s
liquidating trustee] with [Shook Lin] directly if the need arises”.[note: 69]

Whether declaratory relief should be granted

139 The Hongs argued that declaratory relief should not be granted. They
stated that there was no reasonable prospect of any further claim being
brought by DVI.

140 The power of the court to grant a declaration is found in s 18 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”) read with
para 14 of the First Schedule to the SCJA and O 15 r 6 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). The court’s power to grant a declaration is
discretionary, but it will be exercised if it is necessary to establish the
plaintiffs’ rights.

141 The test for declaratory relief was elucidated by the Court of Appeal in
_Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 (“
_Karaha Bodas_ ”) at [14]:

… the following are the requirements that must be satisfied before the court
grants [declaratory] relief:

(a) the court must have the jurisdiction and power to award the remedy;

(b) the matter must be justiciable in the court;

(c) as a declaration is a discretionary remedy, it must be justified by the
circumstances of the case;

(d) the plaintiff must have locus standi to bring the suit and there must be a
**_real controversy_** for the court to resolve;

(e) any person whose interests might be affected by the declaration should be
before the court; and

(f) there must be some ambiguity or uncertainty about the issue in respect of
which the declaration is asked for so that the court's determination would
have the effect of laying such doubts to rest.

[emphasis added]

142 The Hongs argued that there was no evidence to show that a further claim
was likely to be brought by DVI, which has been in liquidation since November
2004. The Hongs claimed that:

The key issue is to determine if there is any **_real or distinct
possibility_** of the liquidating trustee of DVI bringing any action for
recovery of the shares **_and their prospect of success_** of such a claim.
[emphasis added]

It was unclear where this test was derived from. The Hongs appeared to be
relying on the _Karaha Bodas_ requirement of “real controversy” as the basis
of their argument.

143 As noted in the closing reply submissions for Columbia:[note: 70]

The defendants’ statement of the issue is wrong. The real point is that **_the
defendants deny that they are obliged under the SSA to indemnify [Columbia]
against any claim by DVI in relation to the transfer of the DVI Shares_** ,
including all costs of defending any claim that DVI may bring against it ...
[emphasis added]

144 I agree that the “real controversy” is not whether DVI is likely to bring
a claim. It is whether the Hongs are obliged under s 8.4.2 of the SSA to
indemnify Columbia against “[a]ny claim in relation to the transfer of the DVI
Shares, including all costs of defending any claim that DVI may bring against
it”. Furthermore, this is not a situation where DVI is precluded as a matter
of law from bringing a claim. What the Hongs are saying is that there will not
be such a claim in the circumstances because the liquidation of DVI has
already been ongoing for several years, and an earlier action by DVI has been
discontinued.

145 However, in my view, such allegations are neither here nor there. There
was no ruling on the merits of DVI’s claim. The Hongs did not assert that DVI
is precluded as a matter of law from initiating another action for the DVI
Shares. The Hongs merely say that any such claim will not be successful on the
merits but, again, they must know that that is not the point. Columbia is
entitled to an indemnity in case any such claim, if and when it is made, is
successful.

146 If the Hongs had simply admitted that they were obliged to indemnify
Columbia under the SSA for any such claim if and when it arises, there would
have been no need for Columbia to seek such a declaration in the first place.
However, given the Hongs’ stance on this matter, I am of the view that this
remedy is justified in the circumstances.

Issue 3: the Tax Exposure Issue

147 The third main issue relates to whether the Vendors were in breach of a
number of tax warranties given in the SSA. There is a certain degree of
overlap—both legally and factually—between this issue and the fourth main
issue (the Inflated Revenue Issue), which relates to the Vendors’ alleged
breaches of warranties in the SSA relating to the accuracy of PTNM’s books.
For the sake of clarity I will first set out the questions raised by each of
these issues, and how they relate to each other.

148 In relation to the third main issue, Columbia alleged that PTNM had been
under-declaring and under-paying value-added tax (“VAT”) and withholding tax
(“WHT”). Columbia alleged that these breaches caused them loss which fell into
two categories: _actual_ tax exposures and _potential_ tax exposures.

149 The actual tax exposures arose as a result of additional tax assessments
made by the ITA between 2008 and 2013, in respect of PTNM’s transactions for
the years 2004 to 2007. The Hongs did not dispute that the ITA has in fact
conducted these additional assessments, and that Columbia has had to pay sums
to the ITA as a result of these assessments.

150 Next, the potential tax exposures. Columbia claimed that it may become
subject to potential tax exposures if the ITA reopens tax audit for the years
2004 to 2007, on the basis that a tax crime that has been committed. In the
event that this happens, the potential tax exposures will include any
additional sums of tax which PTNM would be liable for, any penalties which the
ITA may impose, and the legal costs of dealing with the concomitant
investigation, prosecution, or both.

151 It is important to appreciate that, on the assumption that I find the
Hongs to be in breach, the loss falling within the category of actual tax
exposures have already been incurred by Columbia at the time of the action. In
contrast, the loss falling within the category of potential tax exposures is
inchoate: there is a chance the loss might occur; there is a chance there
might be no loss at all. Whether or not this category of loss will crystallise
is contingent on the ITA reopening an audit. This distinction between the
actual and potential categories of loss is crucial in understanding the relief
sought by Columbia under the third main issue, which will be dealt with in a
subsequent section.

152 The fourth main issue relates to PTNM’s alleged improper inflation of
revenue by dressing up under-declared and under-paid tax as revenue. Columbia
alleged that as a result of this revenue inflation, it paid more for the Sale
Shares than it would have, had PTNM’s books been true and accurate. Columbia
thus claimed for the diminution in the value of the Sale Shares as a result of
these breaches of warranties.

153 It will be seen that there is a factual overlap between the third and the
fourth main issues: both sets of alleged breaches arise from the _same act_ of
characterising under-declared and under-paid tax as revenue. The same act
nevertheless gives rise to (purported) breaches of distinct warranties, which
are capable of sustaining distinct claims against the Hongs. There is also a
degree of legal overlap between Columbia’s claims under the third and fourth
main issues. This is because (on the assumption I find the Hongs to be in
breach) the losses suffered by Columbia for under-declaration and under-
payment of tax on the one hand, and for the inflation of revenue on the other,
are, to some extent, obverse sides of _the same coin_. The allegation was that
the avoided taxes were dressed up as revenue. Without one, there would not be
the other. Thus, while I examine these claims as distinct issues, I remain
aware that they are connected. In particular, I am also aware of the
possibility of double recovery if full relief is awarded for both these claims
cumulatively.

154 I now turn to address the questions raised by the third main issue.

Summary of relevant facts

155 Columbia’s case is that in or around May 2008, after fully taking over the
management of the Hospital, it discovered that PTNM had been under-declaring
and under-paying WHT whilst it was under the control of the Hongs.[note: 71]
Prem Abraham gave evidence that in the course of visits to the Hospital,
Norman Chong, an employee of Columbia, had spoken to Kimun Kuara, a finance
executive of PTNM, who told him about the Hospital’s practice of under-
declaring Art 21 WHT in relation to doctors’ fees.[note: 72]

156 There was also an email dated 5 August 2004 (about three and a half years
earlier) from Kimun Kuara to K C Leong, the financial controller of PTNM at
that material time, stating that the Hospital was declaring and paying only
40% of the Art 21 WHT it should have been paying in relation to doctors’
fees.[note: 73] Another document with the title “DOCTOR FEE TAX ARRANGEMENT”
was also in evidence and set out the mechanics of this arrangement.[note: 74]
According to Prem Abraham, this document was part of the hospital records and
was handed to Norman Chong. Norman Chong and Prem Abraham only discovered it,
together with the email dated 5 August 2004, around April 2008.[note: 75]

157 On the other hand, the Hongs claimed that Columbia was aware about the
under-declaration and under-payment of taxes, and did not view it as a
problem. Edward Hong alleged that a meeting took place between himself, Eddie
Foo and Rick Evans in March 2008. Edward Hong stated that at the meeting, it
was explained that “consistent with what we were advised as the industry
practice, the withholding tax on doctors’ fees would be slightly under-
declared”. He claimed that “[n]either Rick Evans nor Columbia’s solicitors
raised any problems with the tax issues at that meeting ... it was a non
issue”.[note: 76] Columbia denied such a meeting took place. There was also no
reference to such a meeting in any correspondence between the parties.

158 It is undisputed that Rick Evans and Edward Hong met on 30 May 2008, and
that tax issues were discussed at this meeting (see [81] above). During this
meeting, Rick Evans told Edward Hong about what he had discovered in relation
to the Hospital’s past tax practices and explained Columbia’s intention, as
new owners of the Hospital, to put a stop to these practices and comply with
Indonesian law.[note: 77]

159 On 2 June 2008, Edward Hong sent an email to Rick Evans in relation to the
matters discussed at the 30 May 2008 meeting.[note: 78] Edward Hong’s email of
2 June 2008 stated that the practice of under-declaring withholding tax had
been in place since the inception of the Hospital, and that there had never
been a problem with the ITA. According to Edward Hong, if Columbia’s change of
practice triggered a tax audit for past years and led to the assessment and
imposition of additional taxes and penalties, the Vendors should “properly”
not be held responsible for this.

160 On 11 June 2008, Rick Evans responded stating that the Vendors were bound
by the SSA and could not unilaterally absolve themselves from liability,
whether of UMPL or PTNM, flowing from the failure in the past to observe or
comply with the relevant tax legislation.[note: 79]

161 In the meantime, Columbia had given instructions to its auditors,
Deloitte, to conduct a tax review for the fiscal years 2005 to 2008. Pursuant
to these instructions, a tax memorandum dated 23 October 2008 was prepared.
This memorandum highlighted areas of concern and Deloitte was asked to engage
in a closer analysis of WHT and VAT. This led to a further report dated 12
February 2009.

162 Prem Abraham sent a letter to the Hongs dated 28 October 2008 concerning a
number of outstanding issues including the Land Issue and PTNM’s
records.[note: 80] The letter referred to Deloitte’s 23 October 2008
memorandum and stated that the memorandum had highlighted potential tax
exposures arising from improper book-keeping practices and the under-payment
of Art 21 WHT on doctors’ fees.

163 On 30 October 2008, MKP issued a lengthy letter in response to Prem
Abraham’s letter. MKP accused Columbia of raising “non-issues”, and that “[the
under-declaration of WHT on doctors’ fees] had been raised with and discussed
with [Columbia] before the SSA was signed, and they have been fully appraised
of the matter”.

164 From 2008 to 2013, PTNM underwent a tax audit by the ITA. In 2012 and
early 2013, the ITA issued additional tax assessments against PTNM for the
years 2004 to 2007 in the following amounts:

(a) |  IDR 1,991,644,129 |  for the year 2004;   
---|---|---  
(b) |  IDR 1,930,263,887 |  for the year 2005;  
(c) |  IDR 2,327,175,849 |  for the year 2006; and  
(d) |  IDR 778,439,127 |  for the year 2007.  
|  IDR 7,027,522,992 |   
  
  

It is common ground that Columbia has paid IDR 7,027,522,992 to the ITA
between 26 April 2012 and 14 November 2012.

Whether the Hongs are liable under the SSA for breaches of warranties relating
to the tax position of PTNM

165 Columbia argued that the under-declaration and under-payment of taxes
breached a number of warranties contained in the Third Schedule to the SSA,
namely that:

(a) the audited accounts and management accounts of PTNM gave a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of PTNM at 31 December 2006 and 30 November 2007
respectively (s 3.1);

(b) full provision had been made for all actual and contingent liabilities in
the relevant accounts (ss 3.1.1 and 3.1.2);

(c) neither PTNM nor the Hospital committed “any criminal, illegal or other
unlawful act ...” (s 5.6);

(d) PTNM had duly made all tax returns and had provided the necessary
information to the relevant authorities, and that this information was correct
and made on a proper basis (s 6.1);

(e) there was no liability to taxation in respect of transactions effected
before completion (s 6.2); and

(f) the statutory records and books of PTNM contained true, full and accurate
records of all matters required to be dealt with (s 15).

166 The Hongs raised three arguments in response. The first argument was that
the accounts were true and accurate, for a number of reasons. First, the
accounts were audited by PTNM’s auditors, Grant Thornton, and the ITA did not
question the accounts. Second, the directors of PTNM appointed by Columbia had
accepted that the accounts were true and accurate. Third, that at a meeting in
or around March 2008, Rick Evans accepted Edward Hong’s and Eddie Foo’s
explanation about the original tax position of PTNM. Fourth, at the 30 May
2008 meeting, Rick Evans further confirmed that he was aware of the standard
industry practice regarding under-declaration of Art 21 WHT in respect of
doctors’ fees. Fifth, all liabilities and obligations in respect of all taxes
were discharged at 31 December 2008.

167 The fifth reason leads onto the Hongs’ second argument: that the
representations and warranties in the SSA were effective only up till 31
December 2008. The Hongs argued that that was the true intention of the
parties. They argued that the SSA should accordingly be rectified to give
effect to that intention.

168 The Hongs’ third argument was that Columbia was estopped or precluded from
alleging that taxes were under-declared or under-paid. This was because
Columbia had known of this from the due diligence that it conducted. To
buttress this argument, the Hongs pointed to a report by Kusnandar & Co
(“Kusnandar”) (a firm that was appointed by TMAL, Columbia’s solicitors, to
conduct legal due diligence on PTNM) that all relevant tax issues had been
resolved at all times. I deal with each of these arguments in turn.

(1) Whether the warranties on the tax position of PTNM were breached

169 It is clear that the Hongs’ first argument that there has been no breach
of warranty must fail (leaving aside the Hongs’ second argument that the
warranties were only effective up to 31 December 2008, which I will come to in
a moment). It is undisputed that the ITA made additional assessments against
PTNM for the years 2004 to 2007 totalling IDR 7,027,522,992 (see above at
[164]). The Hongs did not suggest that these additional assessments were
incorrect.

170 The very fact that the additional assessments were made is a breach of the
warranties in s 6 of the Third Schedule to the SSA. The Hongs have also
admitted (see above at [157] to [159]) that when PTNM was under the management
of the Vendors, it had been deliberately under-declaring and under-paying Art
21 WHT. Yet in their pleadings, the Hongs maintained some form of denial that
there was any under-declaration or under-payment. Indeed, Columbia complained
in its closing submissions that the Hongs were blowing hot and cold: at times
maintaining their denial, at others, dropping it.

171 In these circumstances the other points raised by the Hongs were non-
starters. In the light of the subsequent additional tax assessments made by
the ITA, the Hongs’ position that PTNM’s accounts were accepted with no query
from the ITA is untenable.

172 The Hongs’ reliance on the fact that directors of PTNM appointed by
Columbia signed off on PTNM’s accounts in June 2008 is misplaced. Signing off
on such accounts does not in any way affect the contractual force of the
warranties given by the Hongs. In my view, the nominees were simply trying to
allow PTNM to carry on its business without alerting the ITA of the previous
years’ shortcomings. While neither the nominees nor Columbia had volunteered
any information to the ITA about under-declaration or under-payment of taxes,
it is unrealistic to expect them to have done so; they owe no such obligation
to the Hongs. I say this because counsel for the Hongs saw it fit to make the
point about non-disclosure by Columbia to the ITA during cross-examination of
a witness for Columbia. Indeed, it seems to me that if such information had
been volunteered to the ITA, the Hongs would have blamed Columbia for opening
Pandora’s Box. It was quite unfair for their counsel to make the point that he
did.

173 In relation to the alleged meeting in March 2008 in which the under-
declaration of withholding tax was dismissed, Rick Evans has denied that there
was such a meeting. I find that the Hongs have failed to establish that this
meeting took place. In any event, Edward Hong only alleged that neither Rick
Evans nor Columbia’s solicitors raised any problem on the tax issue at that
meeting. This is different from an allegation that Rick Evans had in fact
agreed not to insist on Columbia’s rights under the SSA.

174 As regards the meeting on 30 May 2008, I have referred above (at [158] and
[159]) to the email from Edward Hong to Rick Evans shortly thereafter on 2
June 2008. The email showed that there was no such assurance from Rick Evans.
That was why Edward Hong unilaterally tried to assert that any review or back-
taxes by the ITA should not be to the account of the Vendors. That is also why
Rick Evans replied on 11 January 2008 to stress that the Vendors were bound by
the SSA and could not extricate themselves unilaterally.

175 I do not find Columbia’s own due diligence or Kusnandar’s report to be
relevant. I do not see how such steps taken by Columbia could negate, whether
by estoppel or otherwise, clear warranties given by the Hongs.

(2) Whether the warranties in the SSA in relation to taxes were effective only
up to 31 December 2008

176 I will now address the Hongs’ second argument that the tax warranties in
the SSA were only valid and effective up to 31 December 2008. They relied on
ss 9.1.1.13 and 9.1.1.14 of the SSA which state that “this warranty in
relation to taxes shall be valid up to the 31 day of December 2008”. However,
ss 9.1.1.13 and 9.1.1.14 deal only with tax warranties relating to capital
reserves. Accordingly, the Hongs sought rectification of ss 9.1.1.13 and
9.1.1.14 of the SSA, such that they apply to _all tax warranties_.

177 It will be helpful to set out the provisions, and the rectification that
the Hongs sought:

9.1.1... the Vendors hereby represent and warrant to the Purchaser:

...

9.1.1.13 ~~that in relation to the capital reserves as disclosed in the AA2
and the MA2 accounts~~ , no taxes are payable by [PTNM] provided always that
this warranty in relation to taxes shall be valid up to the 31 day of December
2008; and

~~no previous shareholders of [PTNM] who had made the advances to [PTNM] and
which was converted to the capital reserves shall have any claims whatsoever
against [PTNM] for any repayment of such advances provided that this warranty
shall be valid for a period of 6 years from Completion Date.~~

The struck-through portions are those that the Hongs were seeking to expunge
through rectification. It is immediately apparent that the rectification
sought by the Hongs will have a great effect on the obligations of the Vendors
under the SSA. It will extend the 31 December 2008 time limit from a narrow
class of tax warranties (only on capital reserves) to _all_ tax warranties.

178 The Hongs argued that the terms, if rectified, would reflect the true
intentions of the parties. They relied on cl 5 of the SFA, which was the in-
principle agreement, prior to the drafting of the SSA. Clause 5 of the SFA
stated that the Vendors represented and guaranteed that “all taxes ... shall
be paid by the Vendor[s], provided however, that this obligation of the
Vendors shall expire on December 31, 2008”.[note: 81]

179 The law on rectification of contractual terms for mistake is set out in
two High Court cases. In _Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd v Shen
Yixuan_ [2009] SGHC 164, Lee Seiu Kin J stated at [22] that rectification of a
contract is an exercise of the court’s equitable jurisdiction when contracting
parties mistakenly draw up terms which militate against what they actually
intended. The court then laid out general principles applicable to
rectification:

(a) There must be an “outward expression of accord” in relation to the
particular provision. It is not necessary to show that there was a binding
agreement prior to the execution of the written document, but it must be shown
that parties had a continuing intention with regard to that provision down to
the execution of the written contract – see  _Joscelyne v Nissen_ [1970] 2 QB
86.

(b) The burden of proof is on the party seeking rectification and there must
be very clear distinct evidence that there was a different intention from the
contract document at the time the contract was entered into – see  _Tucker v
Bennett_ (1887) 38 Ch D 1,  _Joscelyne v Nissen_ [1970] 2 QB 86.

(c) The denial of one of the parties that the deed as it stands is contrary to
his intention will have considerable weight, and unless the other party can
convince the court that the document does not represent both parties’
intentions at the time of execution, rectification will only be ordered
exceptionally. It is not sufficient to show that the written contract does not
represent the true intention of the parties, it must be shown that the written
contract was actually contrary to the intention of the parties – see  _Lloyd v
Stanbury_ [1971] 1 WLR 535.

(d) There must be a literal disparity between the terms of the prior agreement
and those of the document which it is sought to rectify. ...

180 In _Pender Development Pte Ltd and another v Chesney Real Estate Group
LLP_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1063, Andrew Ang J emphasised at [20] that “[t]he degree
of probability to be established in rectification proceedings [is] a high one,
similar to that of “convincing proof””.

181 The extent of the rectification, coupled with the high threshold necessary
for rectification, made the task the Hongs faced an uphill one. The Hongs had
to show “convincing proof” that the common intention of the parties at the
time of contracting was that all of the tax warranties given by the Vendors’
were to lapse on 31 December 2008.

182 In my view, this position is unsustainable on the evidence. The sequence
of events leading up to the execution of the SSA shows that this was clearly
not the case:

(a) Alan Lim’s evidence was that when Rick Evans first sent the SFA to him, he
gave Rick Evans his opinion that cl 5 was not fair.[note: 82]

(b) In the fourth draft of the SSA, the warranties in respect of taxes as set
out in s 6 of the Third Schedule to the SSA were set out in their present form
without any time limitation.[note: 83] This draft was sent to MKP by Alan Lim
on 4 December 2007, after the SFA was signed.

(c) MKP replied in an email dated 6 December 2007 at 8.58 am enclosing certain
proposed amendments to the draft SSA.[note: 84] They proposed to amend s
8.2.3.7 to read:

pay and discharge all Taxation, prior to the imposition of penalties, in
accordance with all laws _provided that the obligation of the Vendors to pay
such taxes shall expire on 31 December 2008_ ; [emphasis in original]

(d) MKP sent a further email on 6 December 2007 at 6.24 pm[note: 85] stating
that the underlined portion of s 8.2.3.7 above had “been deleted from [the]
original amendment. This was done because the underlined portion appeared to
be contrary to cl 5 of the SFA, and because it appeared to impose liability on
the Vendors for payment of tax imposed on PTNM beyond the completion date, and
that it was never the Vendors’ obligation to pay PTNM’s taxes.

(e) According to Alan Lim, the matter of the Vendors’ obligations concerning
PTNM’s taxes was discussed during the meeting between the parties on 7
December 2007. This was before the Vendors signed the SSA on the same day.
Alan Lim gave the following evidence as to why he objected to cl 5 of the
SFA:[note: 86]

I objected to the wide clause that was required of my client to be included in
the SSA as reflected in the SFA. After -- I recall I asked Mr Eddie Foo any
reason to limit the warranty period to just one year, was there something that
he ought to tell us, or is there something wrong that he better disclose at
that point in time so that my client could make an informed decision. But
nothing was disclosed.

…

And then Mr Rick Evans finally agreed to only limitation, the exclusion clause
is limited to capital reserve, as reflected in 9.1.1.13; and 9.1.1.14 was also
discussed, they were advanced by shareholders. Again, as I recall there was
attempt to limit it to one year, but I objected, I insisted it should be at
least a limitation period of six years applicable in Singapore, Indonesia for
that matter. These two clauses were the result of the negotiation that day.
That’s my recollection counsel.

183 More importantly, Alan Lim elaborated that ss 9.1.1.13 and 9.1.1.14 of the
SSA were inserted by the Vendors’ own solicitor, Josephine Low of MKP, before
the SSA was executed by the Vendors. According to Alan Lim, after the parties
completed their discussion on 7 December 2007, Josephine Low and himself went
into another room where she made the amendments on her laptop while he was
beside her.[note: 87]

184 Significantly, Mr Niru Pillai (“Mr Pillai”), counsel for the Hongs in the
proceedings, informed the court that the Hongs’ position was that ss 9.1.1.13
and 9.1.1.14 were not discussed at that meeting. Furthermore, Mr Pillai stated
that according to Josephine Low, she had nothing to do with the insertion of
these clauses. It was Alan Lim who had inserted them.[note: 88] Yet, the Hongs
chose not to call Josephine Low to give evidence. There was no suggestion that
she was out of the country or was a hostile witness. I draw an adverse
inference against the Hongs for this omission.

185 Mr Pillai put to Alan Lim that the words “capital reserves” and “taxation
on capital reserves” were never discussed, much less agreed upon. Mr Pillai’s
case put to Alan Lim was that those terms were mistakenly inserted due to
“templating”.[note: 89] Columbia rightly pointed out in closing submissions
that this allegation was absurd. Sections 9.1.1.13 and 9.1.1.14 of the SSA
appeared in none of the previous drafts. They could not have been inserted due
to “templating”.[note: 90]

186 The Hongs also relied on the fact that Rick Evans admitted that he did not
know the meaning of “capital reserves” in cross-examination.[note: 91] In my
view, this is neither here nor there. It did not mean that the SSA should be
rectified in the manner sought by the Hongs.

187 I find Alan Lim to be a steady witness. In the light of his evidence that
it was Josephine Low who inserted the provisions in dispute, coupled with the
Hongs’ deliberate decision not to call Josephine Low to give evidence to the
contrary, I accept Alan Lim’s evidence on the point.

188 There is another point against the Hongs on the issue of rectification.
Before 30 August 2012, the Hongs took the position that s 9.1.1.13 of the SSA
was consistent with cl 5 of the SFA. Hence, there was no need for
rectification of s 9.1.1.13.[note: 92] It was only on 30 August 2012 that they
decided to apply to amend their pleadings to include the plea for
rectification.

189 The Hongs were clearly blowing hot and cold. If the provision really ought
to have been rectified, they would have taken that position from the outset.
It would have been plainly obvious that what was stated in the SSA did not
capture the true intention of the parties. They would not have taken
contradictory positions and inserted their plea for rectification of s
9.1.1.13 of the SSA so late.

190 The Hongs argued that it was unjust for the Vendors to be perpetually
liable for any additional tax liability of PTNM for the relevant years. In my
view, this argument is a non-starter. The Vendors knew what they were in for.
They could have sold the Sale Shares on an “as is where is” basis. Indeed,
this was an argument that was raised. The fact is that they did not. They
agreed to give warranties and it would be unjust to allow them to renege on
the warranties.

191 I conclude that the Hongs’ case for rectification of ss 9.1.1.13 and
9.1.1.14 must fail.

(3) Whether Columbia was estopped from alleging that the taxes were under-
declared and under-paid

192 This defence will be dealt with below (at [233]–[239]) in relation to the
Inflated Revenue issue, where the Hongs adopted a similar argument.

The appropriate measure of damages

193 I mentioned above that Columbia claimed for two categories of loss: actual
tax exposures and potential tax exposures. The relief sought by Columbia was
rather unhappily framed. Columbia argued that it was entitled to damages for
loss of a chance to negotiate a lower purchase price for the Sale Shares and a
full indemnity from the Hongs for the actual tax exposures.

194 In relation to loss of a chance, Columbia asserted that if it was aware of
the potential tax liabilities, it would have sought a further reduction of the
price of the Sale Shares to that extent. It asserted that there was a real and
substantial chance that the Hongs would have agreed to a discount.

195 Columbia had to seek relief in this circuitous manner because the loss
from the potential tax exposures was inchoate; it had not crystallised into a
liability that had been or will be imposed on PTNM. On the other hand, the
actual tax exposures were liabilities that had already been imposed on PTNM.
Columbia therefore claimed a full indemnity from the Hongs for the actual tax
exposures. Columbia acknowledged that there was a substantial overlap in both
these claims. If the former claim was allowed, an appropriate portion of
potential tax exposures should be removed from the latter claim to avoid
double recovery.

196 Columbia relied on expert evidence to quantify the potential tax exposure
PTNM might become subject to as a result of the Vendors’ breaches. Roy Tedja
(Columbia’s expert) and Nick Graham (the Hongs’ expert), both agreed that the
tax assessments issued for 2005 to 2007 represented the final assessment of
taxes for those years in the _absence of a tax crime_.[note: 93] The experts
disagreed as to the likelihood of the tax authorities reopening an audit for
those years.

197 Roy Tedja was of the opinion that a tax crime had been committed,[note:
94] and so, the previous tax practice of PTNM may have led to the ITA
reopening an audit. Nick Graham, on the other hand, asserted that under-
declaration of tax _could_ be treated as a tax crime, but that was not
necessarily so.[note: 95] He thus concluded that it was not certain whether
the ITA could reopen an audit.

198 The table below summarises Roy Tedja’s view of the potential tax
liabilities (including interest and penalties) which PTNM was liable for:

Tax  |  Tedja’s figure (IDR)  
---|---  
Art 21 WHT |  10,737,777,254  
Art 23 WHT |  658,242,265  
Art 26 WHT |  3,089,687,463  
Art 4(2) WHT |  136,107,433  
Output VAT |  902,624,590  
Input VAT |  4,180,049,064  
Self-assessed VAT |  56,783,160  
**Total** |  **19,761,271,228**  
**SGD** |  **3,149,200.39**  
  
  

199 This was the figure Columbia relied on for the loss of a chance claim.

200 In my view, the question of the appropriate measure of damages is best
considered on the basis of first principles.

201 In the first place, the statement of claim did not plead damages by way of
a loss of chance. In my view, a general plea for damages is different from
damages for loss of a chance. The latter has to be clearly pleaded.

202 In any event, the fundamental principle of compensation is that the
appropriate measure of damages is “that sum of money which will put the party
who has been injured, or who has suffered, _in the same position as he would
have been in if he had not sustained the wrong_ for which he is now getting
his compensation” [emphasis added]: _Livingstone v Rawyards Coal Co_ (1880) LR
5 App Cas 25. As noted in _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Andrew Phang
Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“ _The Law of Contract in
Singapore_ ”) at para 21.002:

To do this, we need to identify what it is that the promise has _lost_ by
occurrence of the breach. That is to say, we need to see what position the
promisee _would have been in_ , had the contract not been breached, and then
compare that with the position that the promisee _is now in_ , given that the
contract has been breached. The difference between those two positions is the
promisee’s “loss”. [emphasis in original]

203 On the present facts, it is clear that if the Hongs had not breached the
relevant warranties in the SSA, there would simply have been no under-
declaration and under-payment of tax: all PTNM’s taxes for the years 2005 to
2007 would have been correctly paid and recorded in its accounts. If there
were no breach, PTNM would simply not be liable to pay any additional tax for
the years 2005 to 2007. The ordinary and the obvious way of addressing the
situation is to hold the Hongs liable to indemnify Columbia by paying to
Columbia any amount PTNM has paid or might have to pay in tax for those years
of assessment. This would involve granting:

(a) an order for the Hongs to reimburse Columbia in respect of the additional
taxes that Columbia has actually paid; and

(b) a declaration that the Hongs are liable to indemnify Columbia for any
future tax assessments which might be brought for the same years (presumably
if an audit is reopened on the basis that a tax crime has occurred), as well
as any additional penalties which may be imposed and/or any costs (including
legal costs) which might be incurred in dealing with any investigation and/or
prosecution by the tax authorities.

204 In my view, the above orders would have the effect of putting Columbia in
as good a position as it would have been in, had there been no breach of the
relevant warranties. This would give effect to the fundamental principle of
compensatory damages. Put simply, the difference between Columbia’s present
position, and Columbia’s position had the relevant warranties not been
breached, was the risk of PTNM incurring further tax liabilities for the
relevant years of assessment. It is the monetary value of this risk which I am
now attempting to quantify.

205 Columbia asserted that the monetary value of this risk is equivalent to
the discount that it would have been likely to obtain, had it been made aware
of the true state of affairs at the time of contracting.

206 The basis of this claim is that Columbia lost a chance to re-negotiate the
purchase price of the Sale Shares. The problem with this approach is that it
presupposes that Columbia would have sought a discount, and that the Vendors
would have been likely to grant it. Yet, while Columbia made arguments that
there was a real and substantial chance of the Hongs re-negotiating the
purchase price, they did not adduce any evidence on the likelihood of
obtaining a reduction in the purchase price and the extent of the reduction.
Furthermore, in my view, this is not a situation where the SSA is silent on
the point and Columbia lost a chance to use it to re-negotiate the purchase
price. The SSA expressly provides for warranties, including those which
Columbia now rely on. Since the warranties cover the situation, it is not open
to Columbia to argue for something else like the possibility of a reduction in
price as opposed to the ordinary damages for breach of warranty. Columbia did
proceed with the transaction considering itself sufficiently protected by the
numerous detailed warranties given by the Vendors.

207 The approach preferred at [203] above has the benefit of certainty and
avoids any windfall to either side. I add that this approach is consistent
with the wording of the indemnities contained in s 8.4.3 of the SSA.

208 I will now address the cut-off date for additional tax assessments which
the Hongs remain liable to indemnify Columbia. On 26 March 2014, the parties
were asked to make submissions on the point.

209 For the sake of clarity, the cut-off date refers to the final date of
transactions for which PTNM may incur a tax liability and which the Hongs are
liable to indemnify Columbia for, regardless of when the tax assessment is
made. In other words, if the ITA makes an additional tax assessment for a
transaction that occurred _before_ the cut-off date, the Hongs will have to
indemnify Columbia for the additional liability. It does not matter that the
ITA assessment is made _after_ the cut-off date. I mention this because the
latest submission for the Hongs reiterated that they are not liable for any
tax liability assessed after a certain cut-off date even if the tax liability
is for a transaction which occurred before the cut-off date.

210 Columbia’s position was that the cut-off date was the date of completion,
22 January 2008. It relied, in particular, on s 8.4.3 of the SSA, the
indemnity provision. The provision stated that the Vendors agreed to indemnify
Columbia for tax liabilities “arising from any transaction effected or deemed
to have been effected on or before the Completion Date ...”.

211 On the other hand, the Hongs made various submissions on the excuse of
giving context to the short point they were asked to address. I need only
refer to those submissions which were relevant to the cut-off date.

212 The Hongs argued that Columbia’s claim for the tax indemnity was an
afterthought. They also stated that the cause of action for an indemnity had
not arisen, because additional tax liability had not yet been incurred.
Finally, they stated that the cut-off date was 31 December 2007. They relied
on evidence given by Rick Evans in cross-examination that the Vendors were not
liable for any taxes accruing after 2007.

213 These points may be dealt with shortly. It is clear, from what I have
already discussed above, that Columbia’s claim for the tax indemnity was not
an afterthought. As I have laid out above, Columbia’s claim encompasses both
_actual_ and _potential_ tax liabilities. Furthermore, the SSA clearly
supports its claim for the tax indemnity. The actual tax liabilities have
already accrued. The sums which PTNM has had to pay the ITA have been
ascertained and established. Therefore, Columbia has a good cause of action
against the Hongs on the indemnity for those sums. I will order the Hongs to
indemnify Columbia in respect of the actual tax liabilities.

214 In respect of the potential tax liabilities, I agree with the Hongs that
insofar as no further assessments have yet been made, the liability to
indemnify has not yet arisen. Nonetheless, I am of the view that it is
appropriate to grant a declaration that the Hongs are to indemnify Columbia
for any future tax assessments and the associated penalties and/or costs. I
have set out the principles governing the grant of declaratory relief above,
and do not propose to go into them again. It suffices to say that there was a
real controversy between the parties as to the existence, extent and scope of
the indemnities provided by the Hongs under the SSA, making declaratory relief
appropriate.

215 I will now deal with the cut-off date for the indemnities. I am of the
view that the SSA is clear on this point. Section 8.4.3 of the SSA states that
the Vendors are liable to indemnify Columbia for any additional liabilities
incurred in respect of transactions occurring in the period on or before the
completion date which is 22 January 2008. I do not regard as relevant Rick
Evans’ evidence in cross-examination that the Vendors were not liable for any
taxes accruing after 2007\. The obligations of the parties under the SSA
cannot be affected by Rick Evans’ misunderstanding of the legal effect of the
SSA’s provisions.

Issue 4: the Inflated Revenue Issue

Whether the Hongs are liable under the SSA for breaches of warranties relating
to the revenue of PTNM

216 Columbia’s case was that WHT and VAT were under-declared, and instead
reflected as a component of PTNM’s revenue. As a consequence, PTNM’s EBITDA
figure for the relevant period was higher than it should have been. Columbia
claimed that this was a breach of the Vendors’ warranties listed above at
[165]. Columbia asserted that the loss it suffered was the diminution in value
of the Sale Shares.

217 The Hongs raised two main arguments in their defence. First, they argued
that the warranties in the SSA did not induce Columbia to enter into the SSA.
They asserted that Columbia was fully aware of PTNM’s actual tax position, and
that Columbia instead relied on the findings from their own due diligence
exercise and the Kusnandar report. The Hongs’ second argument was that
Columbia was estopped from alleging that taxes were under-declared or under-
paid because Columbia knew that all relevant taxes had been resolved.

(1) Whether there was inflation of revenue due to WHT accounting

218 It is quite clear from the discussion above that there was under-
declaration and under-payment of Art 21 WHT (see above at [169] and [170]).

219 The experts for both parties were in agreement that at least some Art 21
WHT was not paid to the ITA, and was instead stored in a general ledger
account for “other revenue”. The experts agreed that the Hospital retained
7.5% of doctors’ fees.[note: 96] This entire sum was supposed to be paid to
the ITA as Art 21 WHT. But only approximately 40% of this sum was recorded in
the general ledger account for intended payments to the ITA. The remainder of
approximately 60% was recorded in the general ledger account for “other
revenue”, and not paid to the ITA.[note: 97] Nick Graham, the expert witness
for the Hongs, even made the qualification that in some instances, it was even
higher than 60%.[note: 98]

220 Nick Graham’s and Roy Tedja’s opinions differed only on the quantum of the
inflated revenue due to under-declared Art 21 WHT. In Roy Tedja’s first
affidavit of evidence-in-chief, he concluded that IDR 989,952,563 in the
general ledger account for other revenue could be traced to the under-declared
and under-paid Art 21 WHT.[note: 99] Nick Graham, on the other hand, concluded
that the figure was only IDR 853,013,874.[note: 100]

221 Nick Graham suggested that there were two reasons for this discrepancy.
First, because “other journals use sequential numbers for each entry and/or
there is a different reference system for some journals”; and second, the
possibility that the general ledger account for other revenue “includes
transactions other than the Article 21 WHT that has been withheld but not paid
to the State Treasury”.[note: 101]

222 Roy Tedja swore a second affidavit of evidence-in-chief, in which he
reappraised his first assessment. In doing so, he took into account Nick
Graham’s observations. As a result he revised the figure in his assessment
down to IDR 972,275,994.

223 Nick Graham admitted that Roy Tedja was able to obtain explanations from
the employees of the Hospital.[note: 102] Nick Graham did not question the
truth or accuracy of what Roy Tedja was told by the employees.

224 Based on the foregoing, I am persuaded that Roy Tedja’s figure should be
preferred over Nick Graham’s. Accordingly, I find that the inflation of PTNM’s
2007 revenue due to the under-declaration and under-payment of Art 21 WHT was
IDR 972,275,994.

(2) Whether there was inflation of revenue due to VAT accounting

225 Roy Tedja was also of the opinion that PTNM had not correctly accounted
for VAT. There were two types of VAT that were relevant: output VAT and input
VAT. Output VAT is tax charged by PTNM to the patient, which is then payable
by PTNM to the ITA. Input VAT is tax charged by PTNM’s suppliers to PTNM,
which is then paid by PTNM’s suppliers to the ITA.

226 Roy Tedja gave evidence that both these forms of VAT were improperly
recorded. PTNM recorded output VAT charged to outpatients on the sale of
medicines as a revenue item rather than as a liability. It also recorded input
VAT paid to suppliers for the purchase of medicines as an expense rather than
as an asset. By adding these items to the profit and loss account, the
inflation of PTNM’s 2007 revenue due to VAT was IDR 277,033,514.[note: 103]

227 Nick Graham substantially agreed with the reasoning above, but disagreed
on the quantum of the inflated revenue. He was of the opinion that the
inflation of PTNM’s 2007 revenue due to VAT was only IDR 267,835,481.[note:
104] Nick Graham’s reason for the different figure was that:[note: 105]

There are journal entries in the Outpatient Pharmacy Revenue account during
January-February, 2007 that have a Document ID commencing “IP”. From our brief
discussion with Sumiaty’s assistant, we understand that these represent a
month-end accrual of pharmacy supplies for Inpatients. If this is correct,
then these balances probably should not be included in the Outpatient Pharmacy
Revenue account for the purposes of considering potential overstatement of
revenue. That is, if these do relate to Inpatient Pharmacy Revenue then no VAT
would apply (as compared to Outpatient Pharmacy Revenue that is subject to
VAT).

228 Roy Tedja did not address Nick Graham’s reason. Since the burden of proof
is on Columbia, I am of the view that Columbia has not proved its case on this
point. I find that the inflation in PTNM’s 2007 revenue due to VAT accounting
was IDR 267,835,481.

229 Accordingly, I am of the view that the Hongs are in breach of the
warranties set out above at [165]. In particular, I note that the experts are
both in agreement that the PTNM’s 2007 revenue figures have been inflated by
improper book-keeping for WHT and VAT. I turn now to address the defences
raised by the Hongs.

(3) Whether Columbia was induced to enter into the SSA by the Vendors’
warranties

230 The Hongs’ first defence was that Columbia was not induced by the
warranties contained in the SSA to enter into the transaction. Instead,
Columbia relied on its own due diligence exercise.

231 This argument misses the point. Columbia’s claim was for breaches of
warranties contained in the SSA. Liability for breach of contract is strict;
inducement to enter into the contract is irrelevant.

232 The argument about the absence of inducement appears to have been raised
on the mistaken premise that Columbia’s claim was for misrepresentation,
rather than breach of contract. While Columbia’s pleadings were not completely
clear on the point, Mr Kumar clarified in open court,[note: 106] and in
Columbia’s reply submissions that the claim was for breach of contract, and
not misrepresentation.[note: 107]

(4) Whether Columbia was estopped from alleging that the revenue was inflated
by the under-declared and under-paid tax

233 I come now to the Hongs’ second argument on estoppel. Three elements have
to be satisfied for estoppel by representation to be made out (see _Chng Bee
Kheng and another (executrixes and trustees of the estate of Fock Poh Kum,
deceased) v Chng Eng Chye_ [2013] 2 SLR(R) 715 at [97]). First, there must
have been a representation of fact. Second, there must have been reliance on
the representation by the representee. Third, the representee must have
suffered a detriment as a result of the reliance.

234 I find that Columbia did not unequivocally represent by words or conduct
that it would not allege that PTNM’s taxes were under-declared or under-paid,
for five reasons.

235 First, there was no evidence that Columbia, through the due diligence it
conducted, came to know about the tax irregularities leading to the
overstatement of EBITDA. The documentary evidence, such as the summaries of
the due diligence exercise, indicate that it was not detected.

236 Second, s 9.1.3 of the SSA specifically provides that due diligence does
_not_ affect the warranties provided in the SSA. It was therefore not open for
the Hongs to rely on the due diligence performed by Columbia to avoid their
obligations under the SSA.

237 Third, the Hongs have failed to establish the alleged meeting in mid-March
2008 and there was, in any event, no alleged agreement at that meeting (see
above at [173]).

238 Fourth, the emails following the meeting on 30 May 2008 between Rick Evans
and Edward Hong made it clear that Columbia made no representation that it
would not allege the tax irregularities. This was stated categorically in the
email from Rick Evans to Edward Hong on 11 June 2008.

239 Fifth, the mere fact that the Columbia-nominated directors signed off on
PTNM’s audited accounts in June 2008 was not a representation from Columbia to
the Hongs that Columbia would not allege that PTNM’s taxes were under-declared
or under-paid.

The appropriate measure of damages

240 Columbia was claiming under s 8.4.2 of the SSA for the Hongs to pay to
Columbia an amount equal to “the diminution in the value of the Sale Shares
caused by the artificially inflated revenue”.[note: 108] Columbia adduced
expert evidence through James Searby that the diminution in value ought to be
calculated according to the following formula: [overstatement of EBITDA] x
[the appropriate multiplier]. The Hongs did not adduce any expert evidence of
an alternative basis for assessing the diminution in value.

(1) The law

241 It is well-established that damages for breach of a warranty in a contract
are to be assessed on the basis of what would be required to put a plaintiff
in the position he would have been in, had there been no breach of the
warranty. Belinda Ang J in _Holland Leedon Pte Ltd v Metalform Asia Pte Ltd_
[2012] 3 SLR 377 (“ _Holland Leedon_ ”) noted (at [54]) that this may be
assessed in one of two ways: with reference to the diminution in value (the
difference between the market value of the business warranted and the actual
value of the business) or the costs of cure.

242 The facts of _Holland Leedon_ are instructive. That case involved an
appeal to the High Court against a summary determination of issues of law
before an arbitrator. There, the respondent purchased the business and
specified assets of the appellant under a sale and purchase agreement. Several
warranties in the sale and purchase agreement pertaining to the business were
breached. This resulted in the incurrence of additional costs which led to a
decrease in the EBITDA of the business. The respondent argued that the
diminution in value was the difference between the EBITDA if the warranties
had been true, multiplied by a multiplier of 7, which was the contractually
stipulated mechanism for calculating the purchase price. The court agreed with
the arbitrator that it was not conceptually wrong for damages to be assessed
by reference to the diminution in value, which was calculated by recurring
costs multiplied by 7. The court nonetheless held that the suitability of such
a formula was to be determined by the arbitrator based on the evidence adduced
at the hearing of the merits, as it was a _factual determination_.

243 The decision of the English Court of Appeal in _Senate Electrical
Wholesalers Ltd v Alcatel Submarine Networks Ltd (formerly STC Submarine
Systems Ltd)_ [1999] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 423 (“ _Senate_ ”) is also relevant. There,
a business was sold to the plaintiff for £90m. The plaintiff subsequently
discovered that the profits of the business were overstated by £1.7m. This was
a breach of a warranty given by the seller. The plaintiff quantified damages
by applying a multiplier of 13.67 to the difference between the warranted
profit and the actual profit. The English Court of Appeal upheld the decision
of the High Court, which rejected the plaintiff’s approach. The English Court
of Appeal observed (at [33] and [34]) that applying a multiplier to the
difference in actual and warranted figures might be appropriate where the
purchase price had been derived in that manner. But it stressed that that was
only one of the many ways of assessing the damage. The English Court of Appeal
was not convinced that that approach was appropriate on the facts of the case.
The court found that there were many other factors, apart from the earnings,
which induced the purchaser to pay the price it did for the business.

244 In the subsequent case of _Sycamore Bidco Ltd v Breslin_ [2013] EWHC 3443,
the English High Court took the view that the exercise was an essentially
factual one, of valuation. It relied on expert evidence from both sides to
assist it in coming to the appropriate measure of damages.

245 The above three cases do not carry Columbia’s case for the calculation of
damages very far. They do not say that Columbia’s formula should always be
used. To the contrary, _Holland Leedon_ and _Senate_ make it clear that the
inquiry is fact-specific.

246 Columbia had obtained expert evidence on valuation from James Searby,
whereas the Hongs did not obtain any expert evidence on the point. This does
not mean that the court must accept James Searby’s evidence without question
(see the observations of V K Rajah JA in _Sakthivel Punithavathi v PP_ [2007]
2 SLR(R) 983 at [76]). Indeed, Columbia did not push its argument that far. I
now turn to the facts relevant to the appropriate measure of damages.

(2) The facts and evidence

247 Columbia argued that the diminution in value ought to be calculated with
reference to the [overstatement of EBITDA] x [the appropriate multiplier] for
the following reasons:

(a) The natural starting point for determining the value of the Sale Shares as
warranted was the price of US$31 million. Columbia’s case was that this price
was in fact derived by applying the formula of EBITDA x a multiplier of 12.4.
The actual EBITDA of PTNM up to and including October 2007 was incorporated
into the SSA and warranted to be accurate.

(b) It was appropriate for the business of a going concern to be valued by
reference to the profits or cash flows that it is expected to bring to the
owner in the future. The multiplier that Columbia used was reasonable
according to expert evidence in relation to the market conditions during the
time of completion.

(c) The actual value of the Sale Shares given the overstated EBITDA was
represented as a discount from the price of US$31m calculated by reference to
the sum of the overstatement of EBITDA applied to the multiple of 12.4.

(d) Such an approach was reasonable given that the alternative assessment
under a simplified discounted cash flow model yielded a close result.

(e) The appropriate time for valuing the diminution of value of the Sale
Shares ought to be the date of completion or 22 January 2008, the date of
breach.

248 The Hongs denied that any formula was used by the parties in agreeing on
the actual purchase price. They also asserted that the actual purchase price
had been reached with reference to the replacement costs of the Land and the
Hospital. They implied that there was no variation in the replacement costs.
The Hongs’ alternative argument was that in any event, Columbia did not use
the formula it claimed to derive the actual purchase price.

249 It was undisputed that Rick Evans did not discuss explicitly with Edward
Hong the basis for deriving the purchase price. Michael Chow, who gave
evidence for the Hongs, claimed he was told by Rick Evans that the replacement
costs were considered in arriving at the actual purchase price. This was the
basis for the Hongs’ position that Rick Evans had derived the actual purchase
price from the replacement costs. The Hongs stressed that Michael Chow’s
evidence should be given more weight because, at the material time, Michael
Chow was an agent, if not an employee, of Columbia. He therefore had no reason
to lie for the Hongs.

250 Rick Evans claimed he did not tell Michael Chow that he had considered the
replacement costs in deriving the actual purchase price. Columbia suggested
that Michael Chow was an independent party from Columbia at the material time.
Furthermore, Columbia alleged that Michael Chow had business dealings with the
Hongs at the time he swore his affidavit of evidence-in-chief and when he gave
oral evidence. Columbia argued that he was partial to the Hongs, and that his
evidence should be given less weight.

251 I am not persuaded by Columbia’s attempt to portray Michael Chow as an
independent party at the material time. It would not help Columbia even if
Michael Chow was an independent party. That, in itself, would not have been
reason enough for him to favour the Hongs later when litigation arose. I am
also not persuaded that Michael Chow was being partial to the Hongs because of
his later business dealings with them.

252 Furthermore, even if I were to disregard Michael Chow’s evidence on the
point, Rick Evans’ own evidence as to how he arrived at the actual purchase
price was not as clear or unqualified as Columbia would have liked.

253 As mentioned above, Rick Evans’ evidence was that he relied on EBITDA and
the appropriate multiplier to derive the actual purchase price. However, it is
important to bear in mind that in his own affidavit of evidence-in-chief, he
had stated that he cross-checked the figure with replacement costs. In cross-
examination, he denied that he had considered replacement costs. Yet when he
was confronted with his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, he did not deny the
reference to replacement costs.[note: 109] Therefore, even on Rick Evans’ own
evidence alone, he had not relied solely on EBITDA with a multiplier.

254 The Hongs stressed in their closing submissions that there was nothing in
the SSA which stipulated that the actual purchase price was derived from the
EBITDA multiplied by an appropriate multiplier, unlike in _Holland Leedon_.

255 Moreover, in oral evidence, James Searby said[note: 110]:

It’s my view that replacement value is not an appropriate way to value a going
concern business. A going concern business should be valued by reference to
the profits or cash flows that you expect it to bring to the owner in future,
not either by reference to the profits that it has brought in the past or by
reference to the replacement cost of its assets. That is because perhaps much,
even most, of the value of any business is composed of goodwill, which is not
able to be valued at repayment cost.

256 Although James Searby was explaining why replacement cost was not an
appropriate way to value an ongoing business, he was also saying that one does
not rely on the business’ past performance to derive the purchase price. Yet,
that is what Rick Evans appeared to be claiming he did, with his position that
the price of the Sale Shares was derived solely from the EBITDA of 2007
multiplied by the appropriate multiplier. Moreover, it seems illogical to me
that Rick Evans would rely on EBITDA for only one past year to derive the
actual purchase price.

257 The Hongs had another argument. Even if Columbia was unaware of the under-
declaration and under-payment of tax and inflation of revenue before the SSA
was executed, the Hongs submitted that Columbia knew about this after
Deloitte’s memorandum dated 23 October 2008\. Yet, there was no complaint by
Columbia about overpayment for the Sale Shares then. Even after Deloitte’s
further report dated 12 February 2009, no complaint was made by Rick Evans at
the 6 March 2009 meeting (which Edward Hong had belatedly claimed was without
prejudice). All Rick Evans was concerned about then was the Land problem.
Indeed, Mr Kumar clarified orally to the court on 9 January 2014 that Columbia
did not give prior notice to the Hongs that it would claim a reduction in the
actual purchase price because of inflation of EBITDA until the writ of summons
in Suit 964 was filed.

258 Having considered all the evidence, I am of the view that Columbia has
failed to establish that PTNM’s EBITDA coupled with an appropriate multiplier
was Rick Evans’ sole or main basis for deriving the actual purchase price.
That is why it was not mentioned specifically to Edward Hong in pre-contract
negotiations. That is also why the SSA did not stipulate that the actual
purchase price was derived on that basis. That is why there was no complaint
by Columbia about overpayment for the Sale Shares at the earliest opportunity.

259 It seems to me that Rick Evans had considered PTNM’s 2007 EBITDA as just
one of several factors to determine how much Columbia would pay. Only he knows
precisely what all the other factors were. Replacement cost was certainly one
of them too.

260 In the circumstances, I am of the view that Columbia has not discharged
its burden of proving that the loss it suffered was the inflation of ]=EBITDA
multiplied by an appropriate multiplier. The actual purchase price was based
on a multitude of factors amongst which EBITDA was only one. Furthermore, as I
will grant Columbia an indemnity for any unpaid tax (whether it be WHT or VAT
or otherwise), I will not grant Columbia anything else for inflation of
EBITDA. In my view, there is no discrete loss for that inflation.

Suit 861

261 In Suit 861, Thermal Industries made two claims against PTNM. The first,
for the sum of S$262,934.48 which it purportedly paid to MEC on PTNM’s behalf;
the second, for the sum of S$10,000 for second-hand servers which it supplied
to PTNM.

262 Columbia was allowed to be joined as a defendant. Columbia and PTNM
disputed that these debts were owed to Thermal Industries. They further
claimed an indemnity under the SSA against the Hongs as third parties. PTNM
was not a party to the SSA. It asserted that the CRTPA allowed it to enforce
certain provisions in the SSA against the Hongs.

263 My analysis in relation to the primary claim in Suit 861 will be as
follows:

(a) whether PTNM owed a debt of S$262,934.48 to Thermal Industries; and

(b) if (a) is answered in the affirmative,

(i) whether s 2.1.24 of the SSA should be expunged or rectified to exclude the
debt owed to the Thermal Companies; and if not,

(ii) whether the debt falls the scope of the indemnities provided by the
Vendors under the SSA.

264 Before doing so, I will first address the Hongs’ preliminary objection
that Columbia did not suffer any loss even if the S$262,934.48 was owed by
PTNM to Thermal Industries, because it was a reflective loss. The argument was
that PTNM was the one who had to pay the sums due, and so, Columbia’s “loss”
was merely a reflection of the loss suffered by PTNM.

265 In my view, this argument is not valid. Columbia is entitled to rely on
the SSA to claim a contractual right to an indemnity; otherwise, the
contractual right is meaningless. Whether the sum in question falls within the
scope of the contractual provision it relies on is another matter.

266 As for PTNM’s claim against the Hongs, PTNM was not a party to the SSA. I
infer that PTNM was joining Columbia in making such a claim as a matter of
caution, in case Columbia was somehow precluded from relying on the SSA, for
example, because of the reflective loss argument. As Columbia is not precluded
by the reflective loss argument from making the counterclaim, the purpose of
including PTNM to make the claim is academic. In any event, for the reasons
stated below, I am of the view that PTNM has not established that it is
entitled under the CRTPA to make a claim against the Hongs under the SSA.

267 PTNM had to rely on the CRTPA because it was not a party to the SSA. The
relevant provision is s 2 of the CRTPA and in particular, ss 2(1)(_b_) and
2(2). Sections 2(1) and (2) of the CRTPA state:

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a person who is not a party to a
contract (referred to in this Act as a third party) may, in his own right,
enforce a term of the contract if —

(_a_) the contract expressly provides that he may; or

(_b_) subject to subsection (2), the term purports to confer a benefit on him.

(2) Subsection (1)(_b_) shall not apply if, on a proper construction of the
contract, it appears that the parties did not intend the term to be
enforceable by the third party.

268 PTNM submitted that because s 3.4.1 of the SSA required the Vendors to
settle PTNM’s liabilities with money received under the SSA, the SSA clearly
purported to confer a benefit on PTNM.

269 PTNM relied on _CLAAS Medical Centre Pte Ltd v Ng Boon Ching_ [2010] 2 SLR
386 (“ _CLAAS_ ”) at [28]. It submitted that a provision to indemnify a third
party has been held to confer a benefit on the third party for the purposes of
s 2(1)(_b_) of the CRTPA.

270 However, there is an important difference between the facts in _CLAAS_ and
in the present case. In _CLAAS_ , the provision in question expressly stated
that liquidated damages for a breach were payable to the third party. In the
present case, there is no such provision. The indemnity is given to Columbia
and it does not state that payment is to be made to PTNM.

271 As is obvious from ss 2(1)(_b_) and 2(2) of the CRTPA, there are two limbs
to be considered if the contract does not expressly provide that a third
party, who is not a party to the contract, may enforce a term of the contract.

272 The first limb is s 2(1)(_b_). Under this limb, the court has to consider
whether the contractual term purports to confer a benefit on the third party.

273 If so, then the second limb has to be considered. If it appears that the
parties to the contract did not intend for the contractual term to be enforced
by the third party, then the third party will not be entitled to enforce it,
notwithstanding that that the term purports to confer a benefit on him.

274 The Court of Appeal in _CLAAS_ said at [28] and [29]:

28 … There is no requirement that benefiting the third party must be the
predominant purpose or intent behind the term. However, it must be a purpose
of the parties. _Prima facie_ , s 2(1)(_b_) is applicable to enable the
Appellant to enforce cl 11 [of the agreement in question] because cl 11(c) has
expressly stated that the liquidated damages for a breach of the clause are
payable to the Appellant.

29 However, s 2(1)(_b_) must be read with s 2(2). The latter provision (quoted
at [26] above) enables a party to a contract to show that, on a proper
construction of the contract, the parties did not intend the terms therein to
be enforceable by a third party. … It seems to us that what s 2(1)(_b_) and s
2(2) seek to do is to distinguish between intended and incidental
beneficiaries to a contract, with the latter beneficiaries not being entitled
to sue under the contract. The burden of proof rests on the party who invokes
s 2(2) to show, on a proper construction of the contract, that the parties did
not intend the term concerned to be enforceable by the third party.

275 It is not clear from [29] of the judgment in _CLAAS_ whether the
distinction between intended and incidental beneficiaries is to be applied
when the court is considering the first limb, the second limb, or both limbs.
Logically, the same test or guide should not apply to both limbs otherwise
only one limb should suffice. Should then the distinction between intended and
incidental beneficiaries be applied to the first or the second limb?

276 In _Dolphin Maritime & Aviation Services Ltd v Sveriges Angfartygs
Assurans Forening_ [2009] Lloyd’s Rep 123, the English High Court was of the
view that as regards the English equivalent of the first limb:

74\. A contract does not purport to confer a benefit on a third party simply
because the position of that third party will be improved if the contract is
performed. The reference in the section to the term purporting to “confer” a
benefit seems to me to connote that the language used by the parties shows
that one of the purposes of their bargain (rather than one of its incidental
effects if performed) was to benefit the third party.

277 This suggests that the English court was of the view that the distinction
between intended and incidental beneficiaries applies to the first limb.

278 This is logical. It is only when a third party establishes that it is an
intended beneficiary of the contract that the burden then shifts, under the
second limb, to the party giving the indemnity or warranty (“the Warranting
Party”), to show that notwithstanding that the third party is an intended
beneficiary, the parties to the contract did not intend the term to be
enforceable by the third party. It is not logical for the Warranting Party to
have the burden of showing that the third party is not intended to enforce the
term if the third party has not yet established that it is an intended
beneficiary.

279 Therefore, the first question is whether PTNM was an intended or
incidental beneficiary.

280 I do not agree with PTNM’s submission that just because s 3.4.1 of the SSA
requires the Hongs to settle PTNM’s liabilities with money received under the
SSA, the SSA purported to confer a benefit on PTNM. Such a submission draws no
distinction between an intended and an incidental beneficiary.

281 The purpose of that provision was for the benefit of Columbia because
Columbia was paying the actual purchase price on a certain basis, _ie_ , that
various liabilities would be paid off by PTNM. The Hongs gave the warranty
because they wanted a certain purchase price. True, the payment of the
liabilities would benefit PTNM, but this was only incidentally so. The
intended beneficiary was Columbia, and only Columbia. If PTNM was an intended
beneficiary, then arguably, its holding company would also be an intended
beneficiary.

282 Assuming that I am incorrect on the application of the first limb to the
facts before me, I am of the view that on an objective construction, the
parties to the SSA did not intend PTNM to enforce any of the warranties in the
SSA. The warranties were made to protect the contractual bargain between
Columbia and the Hongs and in view of the actual purchase price that Columbia
was paying. Without the SSA, the Hongs have no obligation to pay for
liabilities of PTNM and there is no reason why they should incur a liability
to an additional party like PTNM because of the actual purchase price.
Furthermore, if, for example, there was a change in Columbia’s plans and it
were to sell its shares in UMPL and it was not interested in pursuing a claim
for any breach of SSA, it is clear to me that neither Columbia or the Hongs
would expect PTNM to be entitled to pursue such a claim.

283 Accordingly, I conclude that PTNM is not entitled to rely on the CRTPA to
enforce the terms of the SSA.

Summary of relevant facts

The transfer of US$740,000 to PTNM

284 Thermal Industries’ claim for US$740,000 is in relation to four payments
it allegedly made to MEC on PTNM’s behalf. The enquiry with respect to this
claim begins with a loan provided by MEC to Thermal International pursuant to
a letter of offer and a hire-purchase agreement dated 26 June 2002 for US$3m.
In July 2002, on the instructions of Edward Hong, as Managing Director of
Thermal International, MEC transferred US$740,000 of the US$3m loan directly
to PTNM. MEC subsequently assigned its rights under the hire-purchase
agreement to GSAF by way of a sale and purchase agreement dated 30 September
2004.

The recording of the loans on PTNM’s accounts

285 While PTNM only received US$740,000 in funds, the transaction came to be
reflected in PTNM’s books as a _US$3m_ loan from Thermal International, as
follows.

286 In or around 2003, the managers of PTNM apparently ran into some
difficulty in relation to how the sum of US$740,000 was to be recorded in
PTNM’s books. For various reasons, and following internal correspondence
between Eddie Foo, Kimun Kuara and Arthur Pittman, the Managing Director of
PTNM, the preferred course of action appeared to be for Thermal _Industries_
to enter into a fabricated loan agreement with PTNM for US$3m. This fabricated
loan agreement would include the US$740,000 which had been paid by MEC to PTNM
as directed by Thermal International.

287 The reason for this elaborate scheme was explained by Eddie Foo in cross-
examination.[note: 111] According to Eddie Foo, PTNM had, since its inception,
been the recipient of a number of substantial shareholder’s loans. These loans
had subsequently been written off. There was, at the material time, a desire
by UMPL’s shareholders to try to claw back at least US$3m of these funds. It
was somehow decided by the Hospital’s management that this would be best
achieved by writing in a fictional US$3m loan into PTNM’s books. According to
Edward Hong, the reason for wanting to treat the lender of this US$3m loan as
Thermal Industries, instead of Thermal International (who actually advanced
the lesser sum of US$740,000 to PTNM), was that Thermal International was a
51% subsidiary of the Parkway Group. Thermal International therefore could not
make the loan to PTNM due to the Parkway Group’s corporate structure.[note:
112]

288 The arrangement appeared to be engineered by Eddie Foo,[note: 113] as
evidenced by his numerous emails, including one on 31 December 2004 where he
stated that “the subject US$740,000 is a part of the US$ 3m loan on a “back-
to-back” basis with [Thermal Industries].”[note: 114] This was also the way
PTNM represented the loan to its external auditors, Grant Thornton, as seen in
Arthur Pittman’s letter of representation dated 8 January 2004:[note: 115]

[I]n the interest of expediting the settlement of the matter ... this
US$740,000 should be netted against the US$3m loan through [Thermal
Industries] and the whole thing be contra-ed against the write-off to General
Reserve ...and with the US$3m recorded as a loan from [Thermal Industries].

The arrangement was again reflected in Eddie Foo’s email of 15 January 2004 to
K C Leong, the financial controller of PTNM, where he wrote:[note: 116]

I would suggest you reclassify that US$740,000 as having come as part of the
US$3m loan from [Thermal Industries]—which is basically where [Thermal
Industries] got the funds from anyway.

289 A number of documents were created in furtherance of this scheme,[note:
117] including:

(a) a signed agreement marked July 2002, with the exact date left blank, for a
loan of US$3m from Thermal Industries to PTNM for the “purchase of equipment
and working capital”, with interest set at 8.75%;[note: 118]

(b) another signed loan agreement between PTNM and Thermal Industries, on
identical terms as the first, but this time dated 1 November 2002;[note: 119]

(c) an unsigned debt confirmation letter from PTNM to Thermal Industries dated
19 November 2004.

As can be seen, there are numerous documents indicating that it was intended,
at the very least between 2002 and 2004, for the transaction to be treated in
PTNM’s books as a loan from Thermal _Industries_ to PTNM for US$3m. I have
already explained (above at [287]) that apart from the US$740,000 obtained
directly from MEC, PTNM never received this US$3m sum.

290 Notwithstanding the desire on the part of the management to treat the
“loan” as coming from Thermal _Industries_ , PTNM’s external auditors, Grant
Thornton somehow came to label it as coming from Thermal _International_
(which, to be recalled, was the party which directed MEC to advance US$740,000
to PTNM). The transaction was eventually entered into PTNM’s accounts as a
loan of US$3m from Thermal International.

The repayments to MEC

291 Repayments were subsequently made to MEC for the loan of US$740,000. Two
instalments of S$93,746.12 were deducted at source. Six subsequent instalments
of S$93,746.12 were paid:

(a) by PTNM to MEC on 22 November 2002;

(b) by PTNM to MEC on 27 December 2002;

(c) by Thermal Industries to MEC on 7 March 2003;

(d) by Thermal Industries to MEC on 4 April 2003; and

(e) by Thermal Industries to MEC on 2 August 2003 (two instalments were paid
on this date).

The eight instalments of S$93,746.12 add up to S$749,968.96. This is
presumably less than US$740,000. No elaboration was given on the difference
and I shall say no more about it.

292 As can be seen, Thermal Industries therefore made four of the six above
payments amounting to S$374,984.48 to MEC. Since MEC’s loan agreement was with
Thermal International and not with PTNM, the four payments made by Thermal
Industries to MEC could not logically discharge any indebtedness of PTNM to
MEC. PTNM had not borrowed money from MEC, but from Thermal International.
However, PTNM’s management appeared to proceed on the assumption that the
payments made by Thermal Industries were made on PTNM’s behalf.

293 On 17 October 2003, Kimun Kuara wrote to Eddie Foo with the following
query:[note: 120]

We understand from you that those 4 payments (totalling SGD 374,984.48) have
been done. Believe that is done on behalf of us. Would you like us to record
this SGD 374,984.48 in our books? Please advise.

To this, Eddie Foo replied on the same day stating:

Yes, you will have to record this in your books to our credit debiting
shareholder loan for the principal & P&L interest for the interest.

However, PTNM should try to repay us this amount before year-end so as it
doesn’t appear in our books at year-end.

In cross-examination, Eddie Foo qualified his statement by saying that insofar
as Thermal Industries was “not exactly a shareholder” of PTNM, the term
“shareholder loan” was incorrect.[note: 121]

294 Pursuant to Eddie Foo’s instructions, the S$374,984.48 sum was recorded in
PTNM’s accounts as a loan from Thermal Industries. At the same time, PTNM’s
debt to Thermal International (purportedly for US$3m) was written down to take
into consideration the payments made to MEC.[note: 122] The remainder of the
US$3m debt purportedly owing to Thermal International was eventually reflected
in:

(a) PTNM’s audited financial statements, which were eventually appended to the
SSA, for the years 2005 and 2006 (in IDR);[note: 123] and

(b) PTNM’s management accounts for the year 2007, also appended to the SSA, as
a debt of US$2,805,504 owed to Thermal International.[note: 124]

295 Thermal Industries issued a debit note dated 31 December 2003 to the
Hospital for S$374,984.48 with the accompanying description “PAYMENT ON YOUR
BEHALF: LOAN INSTALMENT OF S$93,746.12 X 4”. Following this, PTNM made
payments of S$100,000 on 5 April 2004 and S$12,050 on 29 October 2004 to
Thermal Industries.

296 This left an outstanding amount of S$262,934.48 which PTNM allegedly owed
to Thermal Industries. This sum forms the substance of Thermal Industries’
claim in Suit 861.

297 The sum of S$262,934.48 was recorded as a loan owing to Thermal Industries
in:

(a) PTNM’s audited accounts for 2005 and 2006, which were annexed to the SSA,
where the amount was recorded (in IDR) as being due to Thermal Industries;
[note: 125]

(b) PTNM’s management accounts for 2007, which were also annexed to the SSA,
where an amount of S$273,309 was recorded as a “Long Term Loan”.[note: 126]

The novation agreement(s)

298 We now move forward to the year 2007 when the Vendors and Columbia were in
negotiations over the sale of UMPL’s shares. One of the loose ends that
remained was the issue of debts between PTNM and the Thermal Companies. PTNM’s
management accounts at the time showed that there were two outstanding long-
term loans owed to Thermal International and Thermal Industries (see above at
[294] and [297] respectively). Columbia’s case is that it had planned for both
of these loans to be novated to UMPL.[note: 127]

299 Rick Evans stated in his AEIC that he had met with the Hongs and Eddie Foo
on 31 December 2007 at Albert Hong’s office in Singapore. According to Rick
Evans, it was agreed then that the advances in PTNM’s balance sheet for
October 2007 were to be assigned to Columbia.[note: 128] This would, in
effect, extinguish PTNM’s debt to Thermal International, and instead, create a
debt in favour of Columbia. The agreement and the 31 December 2007 meeting was
referred to in a letter from Alan Lim to Michael Khoo dated 2 January
2008.[note: 129] The Hongs denied that any meeting took place between the
parties on that day.

300 On 21 January 2008, Alan Lim wrote to Rick Evans by email, forwarding a
draft of the novation agreement to be executed by Thermal International in
favour of Columbia.[note: 130] The draft novation agreement had no appendices,
and the amount of debt to be assigned had been left blank. Alan Lim indicated
that he decided to transfer the debt through a novation, rather than an
assignment because of stamp duty considerations. He also pointed out that PTNM
owed a debt to Thermal Industries, but that this was a short term debt
according to PTNM’s audited accounts as at 31 December 2006. He then asked
Rick Evans to confirm whether he required the Thermal Industries debt to be
novated. Alan Lim was presumably referring to note 20(a) of PTNM’s accounts
for 2005 and 2006 (see [297(a)], above).[note: 131] This debt was apparently
in respect of “payments for expenses and advances”, but was not classified as
a long-term debt under these accounts.

301 Alan Lim’s evidence is that he subsequently discussed the matter with Prem
Abraham, who was in charge of Columbia’s finance matters. According to him,
Prem Abraham confirmed that the Thermal Industries debt should also be
novated, as the “[V]endor[s] would have to settle the debt anyway”.[note: 132]

302 Alan Lim’s 2 January 2008 email and the draft novation agreement were
forwarded to Edward Hong on 9 January 2008\. A further email was sent by Alan
Lim to Edward Hong on 18 January 2008, in which Alan Lim stated that “the
other Novation Agreement pertaining to the other note should be along similar
lines”.[note: 133] The “other Novation Agreement” presumably referred to the
one in respect of Thermal Industries’ debt.

303 On 21 January 2008, the eve of completion, Alan Lim sent another email to
MKP. This email appended an amended draft of the novation agreement for the
Thermal International debt, and a fresh draft of a novation agreement for the
Thermal Industries debt. Both drafts had appendices showing the debts to be
novated: the sum of S$273,709 from Thermal Industries, and the sum of
US$2,805,504 from Thermal International. The figures were all drawn from
PTNM’s management accounts balance sheet for 2007 (see [297(b)] and [294(b)],
respectively above).

304 However, only the Thermal International novation agreement was executed at
completion. Alan Lim and Prem Abraham, who were present in Singapore for the
completion on 22 January 2008, gave evidence that the novation agreement for
the Thermal Industries debt was not executed because Edward Hong informed the
Columbia representatives that it was actually a trade debt.[note: 134]
According to Prem Abraham, Columbia took Edward Hong’s word that it was a
trade debt, and proceeded to complete the sale and purchase.[note: 135] Alan
Lim said that he advised Prem Abraham that it was safe to go ahead without
obtaining a novation agreement for the Thermal Industries debt, as the Hongs
were still obligated to discharge all liabilities under the SSA.[note: 136]

305 In these circumstances, a novation agreement dated 22 January 2008 was
entered into between Thermal International, UMPL and PTNM in respect of the
Thermal International debts. No similar agreement was executed in respect of
the Thermal Industries debt.

Whether the debt was owed by PTNM to Thermal Industries

306 For what it professed to be a simple and undisputed debt, Thermal
Industries’ pleadings evolved greatly over the course of these proceedings.
This proved confusing for reasons which I will elaborate on in the next
section.

307 In the initial statement of claim filed by Thermal Industries, the sum of
S$272,934.48 was stated to be the balance of sums paid by Thermal Industries,
on PTNM’s behalf, to discharge PTNM’s indebtedness to DVI. This was
subsequently amended to read “PTNM’s indebtedness to MEC”.[note: 137] The sum
of S$272,934.48 was derived by adding $10,000 claimed for the defective
second-hand servers to the S$262,934.48 referred to at [261] above. Thermal
Industries’ latest statement of claim stated that PTNM was indebted to it in
the sum of S$262,934.48, being the balance of monies advanced by it as a loan
to PTNM. It stated that Thermal Industries paid S$374,984.48 “to MEC on PTNM’s
behalf” but was silent as to which party PTNM’s debt is owed to.

308 In the latest amendment of Thermal Industries’ reply and defence to
counterclaim (almost four years after commencing this suit), Thermal
Industries alleged for the first time that the payments were made by Thermal
Industries to “assist [PTNM] to meet its loan service commitments to Thermal
_International_ ”.[note: 138] According to Thermal Industries, “the repayment
of the US$740,000 to Thermal International may be effected by direct
repayments to MEC by or on behalf of [PTNM], and that such payments are valid
in going towards discharging [PTNM’s] repayment obligations to Thermal
International.”[note: 139] It is alleged that sometime in 2002, Edward Hong
and Boelio Muliadi orally agreed to have PTNM pay MEC directly, rather than
have PTNM pay Thermal International, who would in turn pay MEC.[note: 140]

309 PTNM and Columbia pleaded that the sum of US$740,000, which formed part of
the loan amount of US$3m advanced by MEC to Thermal International, could only
be conceived of as a loan from Thermal International to PTNM. PTNM admitted to
repaying two instalments to MEC on 22 November 2002 and 27 December 2002
respectively. But PTNM alleged that these payments could only be conceived as
loan repayments to MEC on behalf of Thermal International. These were
therefore loan repayments by PTNM to Thermal International.[note: 141] Since
PTNM had no indebtedness to MEC, Thermal Industries could not have made any
payment to MEC on PTNM’s behalf.[note: 142] The loan amount of US$3m from MEC
to Thermal International, from which US$740,000 was paid to PTNM, was recorded
in PTNM’s audited accounts as a loan for US$3m from Thermal International to
PTNM. This loan was subsequently novated from Thermal International to UMPL by
a novation agreement dated 22 January 2008.

310 Due to the various changes in the pleadings of Thermal Industries and the
convoluted evidence about the debt, there was much confusion on the part of
various witnesses as to which of the Thermal Companies should be treated as
the lender of US$740,000 to PTNM. Since the loan of US$740,000 was advanced to
PTNM on the instructions of Thermal International out of the US$3m loan it had
received from MEC, the correct approach ought to be to treat Thermal
International as the lender of the funds. However, as elaborated above, there
was evidence that at the material time the payments to MEC were made, Thermal
Industries was treated by the management of PTNM as the lending entity.

311 On balance, it seems to me that even if the debt had initially been owed
by PTNM to Thermal International, the creditor was substituted so that Thermal
Industries became the creditor in place of Thermal International. This was
done with the agreement of PTNM which was controlled by the Hongs at the
relevant time. Indeed, PTNM recorded Thermal Industries as the creditor.
Therefore, I grant judgment in favour of Thermal Industries against PTNM for
S$262,934.48.

Whether the Hongs are liable to indemnify Columbia for the debt PTNM owed to
Thermal Industries

312 Columbia raised two arguments in the event that I find PTNM liable to
Thermal Industries for the sum claimed.

313 First, Columbia argued that the debt was one properly borne by the Hongs
under s 8.4.1 of the SSA. These provisions obliged the Hongs to hold Columbia
harmless against loss arising from a breach of any term of the SSA.

314 Columbia argued that the Hongs were in breach of ss 3.1 and 3.4 of the
SSA. Section 3.1 provided that the Sale Shares were to be purchased “free from
all ... Liabilities ...”. Section 3.4 provided that the purchase price was to
be applied towards “full and final settlement of the Liabilities” before being
released to the Vendors.

315 Columbia argued that the debt owed to Thermal Industries fell within the
term “Liabilities”. “Liabilities” is defined in s 2.1.24 of the SSA as “all
and any present or future liabilities or obligations ... of PTNM ... excluding
the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness, all obligations to trade vendors and doctors
that are a part of the day to day operations of PTNM ...”. Section 3.4 of the
SSA thus required the debt to Thermal Industries be discharged before the
purchase price was released to the Vendors.

316 Columbia asserted that the Vendors had breached ss 3.1 and 3.4 of the SSA
by making representations that the Liabilities had been discharged, despite
the fact that the Thermal Industries debt had not been paid. Columbia thus
asserted that it was entitled to an indemnity from the Vendors under s 8.4.1
of the SSA.

317 Columbia’s second argument was that Thermal Industries was the agent,
nominee or alter ego of Edward Hong. Thermal Industries was accordingly
precluded from seeking recovery, since Edward Hong had agreed under ss 2.1,
3.1 and 3.4 of the SSA that neither PTNM nor Columbia shall be responsible for
the debts to the Thermal Companies.

318 I will deal with the second argument first. I reject it. There are two
separate questions. The first is whether PTNM owes the sum in issue to Thermal
Industries. Whether Edward Hong owns Thermal Industries is another matter
which does not preclude Thermal Industries from making the claim. As for
Columbia’s first argument, it carried more weight. Yet it is possible that
even if PTNM owes the sum to Thermal Industries, the Hongs are not liable to
indemnify Columbia.

319 The Hongs’ defence to Columbia’s claim for an indemnity has shifted almost
completely since the start of these proceedings. In their initial third-party
defence, the Hongs pleaded that they as vendors had complied with all their
obligations under the SSA.[note: 143] They pleaded that the debt to Thermal
Industries was excluded from the definition of “Liabilities” in s 2.1.24 of
the SSA in that it was part of the “Goldman Sachs Indebtedness” and/or part of
the “day to day operations of [PTNM].[note: 144] As such, the debt was not
part of the liabilities which the Hongs had to meet under the SSA.

320 In the third amendment to their defence, the Hongs pleaded for the first
time that due to “grammatical and phraseological errors”, the definition of
“Liabilities” in s 2.1.24 of the SSA should be rectified to exclude “debts
between [Thermal Industries] and [Thermal International] on the one hand, and
[UMPL] and/or [PTNM] on the other”.[note: 145]

321 In the latest amendment of their defence, the Hongs position shifted
again. They pleaded that s 2.1.24 was wrongly included in the SSA because the
intention of the parties was that PTNM’s liabilities should, and had already
been factored into the actual purchase price.[note: 146] In support of this
latest proposition, the Hongs’ defence referred to Rick Evans’ visit to Medan
on 1 December 2007, whereby he proposed to reduce the agreed purchase price of
US$31m by US$841,000 to take into account the current liabilities of PTNM.
According to the Hongs, this meant that they were no longer responsible for
any further liability (whether current or otherwise), and this was the basis
of the SSA. They accordingly asked for s 2.1.24 of the SSA to be expunged.

322 In the alternative, the Hongs also pleaded that “even if ... section
2.1.24 was intended to be included in the S&P Agreement, its actual contents
do not represent the intention of the parties”. The Hongs therefore sought an
order rectifying s 2.1.24 of the SSA so that it reads:

“Liabilities means all and any present or future liabilities or obligations of
[UMPL] and [PTNM] whether actual, contingent or otherwise whatsoever,
(excluding the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness, all obligations to trade vendors
and doctors that are part of the day to day operation of [PTNM], and the
~~inter-company debts between [UMPL] and [PTNM]~~ debts between **[Thermal
Industries] and [Thermal International] on the one hand, and [UMPL] and/or
[PTNM] on the other**) incurred by [UMPL] and/or [PTNM], up to and including
the Completion Date.”

The Hongs were seeking to remove the struck-through words, and introduce the
words in bold through rectification.

Whether s 2.1.24 of the SSA should be expunged or rectified

323 The Hongs reliance on Rick Evans’ agreement to the reduction of the actual
purchase price is misplaced. As seen above (at [48] and [49]), Columbia was of
the view that the excess of current liabilities over current assets was
something that was to be borne by _the Vendors_. Even then, Columbia agreed to
bear US$500,000 of the US$841,000 sum but this did not mean that Columbia was
waiving its right in respect of non-current liabilities.

324 In my view, the Hongs’ rectification defence was a last-ditch attempt to
evade liability under the SSA and was contradicted by the objective facts. The
documentary evidence showed unequivocally that the parties had agreed that the
sale of the Sale Shares would take place with _current_ assets and liabilities
equalised,[note: 147] with all other liabilities to borne by the Vendors. This
was a constant thread which ran through the parties’ negotiations, including
both conditional offers made by Rick Evans and the SFA signed by the parties
on 1 December 2007. There was no objective evidence that the parties intended
to free the Hongs from all liabilities whatsoever.

325 The SFA which was signed on 1 December 2007 provided that the Vendors
would deliver UMPL “free and clear of all ... debts”, and that PTNM would be
delivered “free and clear of all ... debts ... save for ... obligations to
trade vendors and doctors that are part of the day to day operations ... and
... debts owed to UMPL”. This was eventually captured in s 2.1.24 of the SSA.
The SFA therefore clearly provided that the vendors were responsible for all
liabilities of UMPL and PTNM, with the exception of PTNM’s current liabilities
(which had already been factored into the reduced price insofar as they were
not supported by current assets) and debts owed by PTNM to UMPL.

326 In fact Eddie Foo admitted in cross-examination that this was the “literal
interpretation” of the SFA.[note: 148] Having been forced to concede this, he
then claimed that the SFA also did not reflect the intention of the
parties,[note: 149] and that the Hongs were taking out an application to
rectify the SFA as well.[note: 150] This claim was inconsistent with his other
evidence that the SFA was compatible with his stance.[note: 151] It was also
inconsistent with the fact that the Hongs did not apply to rectify the SFA;
the Hongs’ existing defence only sought a rectification of the SSA and not the
SFA.

327 The Hongs attempted to rely on an email from Eddie Foo to Rick Evans dated
29 November 2007 to show that the transaction was intended to be on an “as is
where is” basis in relation to PTNM’s liabilities. The following is an extract
from the email in question:

4\. Outstanding Doctors’ Fees but Assets and Liabilities of UM & PTNM in
General

We feel that this should also be on a “as-is-where-is” basis and insofar as it
has already been disclosed, has also already been factored into the agreed
transaction price.

However, this was merely a proposal to Rick Evans, and it was not reflected in
either the SFA or the SSA.

328 The Hongs’ assertion that the definition of “Liabilities” had been wrongly
included in the SSA was without merit. The SSA was drafted with the input of
both sides’ solicitors. As mentioned above, Alan Lim had drafted four drafts
of the SSA but only the second and fourth drafts were circulated to the
Vendors. In the second draft, dated 25 November 2007, the definition of
“Liabilities” had no exclusions. This was changed in the fourth draft, where
three exclusions were inserted: (a) the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness; (b) all
obligations to trade vendors and doctors that are a part of the day to day
operation of PTNM; and (c) the inter-company debts between UMPL and PTNM.

329 On 6 December 2007, MKP wrote back by email at 8.58am with proposed
amendments after having taken instructions. MKP was principally concerned with
the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness and the only amendment they proposed in
relation to the definition of “Liabilities” was to exclude the reference to
the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness. By another email on the same day, MKP sent
further suggested amendments to the fourth draft of the SSA. Their proposed
definition of Liabilities appeared to be simply “all and any present or future
liabilities or obligations”. All three exceptions to the definition were taken
out, presumably so that the Vendors would be responsible for all the
liabilities of the company, without qualification. On 7 December 2007, the
solicitors from both sides worked to finalise the SSA, and it was thereafter
signed by the Vendors in its present form.

330 The Hongs’ contention that s 2.1.24 was mistakenly included in the SSA,
and their attempt to now distance themselves from the SSA, are unmeritorious.
The intention of the parties was clearly that non-current liabilities were to
be the Hongs’ responsibility, unless specifically excluded by the SSA. Indeed,
the evidence shows that Columbia planned for the present debt to be novated
from Thermal Industries to UMPL and even drafted a novation agreement to this
effect. This novation agreement was not signed due to Edward Hong’s incorrect
position that the debt was a trade debt.

331 In these circumstances, I reject the Hongs’ claim to expunge or rectify s
2.1.24 of the SSA.

Whether debts owed to Thermal Industries fall within the scope of the
indemnity under the SSA

332 To recap, section 2.1.24 of the SSA provides that:

2.1.24 _Liabilities_ means all and any present or future liabilities or
obligations of [UMPL] and [PTNM] whether actual, contingent, or otherwise)
whatsoever (excluding the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness, all obligations to trade
vendors and doctors that are a part of the day to day operation of [PTNM], and
the inter-company debts between [UMPL] and the [PTNM]) incurred by the [UMPL]
and/or the [PTNM] less the current assets of the [PTNM], up to and include the
Completion Date.

333 Under s 3.1 of the SSA, the Hongs agreed to sell the sale shares “free
from all Encumbrances and Liabilities whatsoever”. Under s 3.4.1 of the SSA,
the Hongs’ solicitors were to release the Deposit Sum and Balance Purchase
Price “firstly, towards full and final settlement of the Liabilities”.
Finally, under s 8.4.1 of the SSA, the Hongs undertook to indemnify Columbia
against all losses, liabilities, judgments and costs incurred by the latter
arising out of any breach of any term or condition of the SSA.

334 On a plain reading of the SSA, any debt owed by PTNM to Thermal Industries
would be a liability the Hongs were responsible for, unless it fell within one
of the exceptions in s 2.1.24 of the SSA. In the present case, Thermal
Industries’ claim is clearly not in respect of an “inter-company debt between
[UMPL] and [PTNM]”. It also does not fall under the exception of “all
obligations to trade vendors and doctors that are part of the day to day
operation of [PTNM]”. Whilst Thermal Industries did on occasion act as PTNM’s
supplier in the past, it did not allege that this particular sum of
S$262,934.48 was in respect of the “day to day operation” of PTNM. Indeed,
Eddie Foo admitted in his cross-examination that the debt owed to Thermal
Industries was not a trade debt.[note: 152]

335 It is therefore clear that under the SSA, the obligation for discharging
the alleged debt to Thermal Industries lay with the Hongs. The Hongs are
therefore liable under s 8.4.1 of the SSA to indemnify Columbia for the
S$262,934.48.

Whether PTNM is liable for the second-hand servers supplied by Thermal
Industries

336 Thermal Industries also claimed S$10,000 for the second-hand servers
supplied by them to PTNM. Prem Abraham asserted that these servers were
defective and unusable from the time they were delivered.[note: 153] However,
this appeared to be a bare allegation based on what Prem Abraham was allegedly
told by employees of the Hospital.

337 The burden of proof lies on Columbia to establish this allegation. I
conclude that it has failed to do so. Furthermore, I am of the view that the
servers come within the exception of obligations to trade vendors for which
the Hongs are not liable. Therefore, PTNM is liable to pay Thermal Industries
S$10,000 for the servers and the Hongs need not indemnify Columbia for this
liability.

Suit 862

338 In Suit 862, Thermal International made various claims against PTNM.
Thermal International claimed:

(a) S$393,399.70 which was the balance owing for an MRI machine that Thermal
International supplied to PTNM;

(b) S$3,320 for supplies from Thermal International to PTNM; and

(c) US$9,763 for supplies from Thermal International to PTNM.

339 PTNM did not dispute liability in respect of the sums in [338(b)] and
[338(c)]. In respect of the sum in [338(a)], PTNM’s position was less clear.
In its defence in Suit 862, PTNM denied liability for the sum. This was a bare
denial with no further elaboration. Prem Abraham’s AEIC, however, stated that
“the claim for any payment under [the] sale and purchase [of the MRI machine]
is time barred”. Yet in closing submissions, PTNM did not appear to deny
liability for this sum. I will deal with the limitation point later.

340 In the event that PTNM was found to be liable for the three sums, Columbia
sought an indemnity from the Hongs under the SSA for those sums.

341 Columbia and PTNM also made a counterclaim in unjust enrichment against
Thermal International. This was for the sum of S$144,046.03 which PTNM paid to
Thermal International on 27 May 2008. This payment was made by PTNM for a
Philips angiography machine which Thermal International supplied to PTNM. It
was unclear from the pleadings and submissions which party was making the
counterclaim: PTNM, Columbia, or both. Presumably the counterclaim was brought
by PTNM because it was the entity that made the payment. I will refer only to
PTNM in respect of the counterclaim

342 PTNM alleged that it was “under no legal obligation” to pay for the
equipment, and that it had “mistakenly” made the payment because it “did not
realise the position under the terms of the SSA”. PTNM’s case was that the sum
paid fell within “Liabilities” under s 2.1.24 of the SSA, as it was not a debt
due to a trade vendor. They argued that therefore, _the Vendors_ and not
_PTNM_ would have been liable for the sum. PTNM’s payment of the sum was
therefore made pursuant to a mistake, which resulted in the unjust enrichment
of Thermal International.

343 PTNM’s argument on this point was puzzling. Even assuming that the sum due
for the Philips angiography machine fell within “Liabilities” under s 2.1.24
of the SSA, PTNM’s payment to Thermal International would not have been
mistaken. PTNM would still have been obliged to make the payment in discharge
of a liability it owed to Thermal International. The SSA did not extinguish
PTNM’s debt to Thermal International (both of whom were not parties to the
SSA). The terms of the SSA would merely have entitled Columbia to claim an
indemnity from the Hongs for a breach of warranty. However, Columbia did not
claim an indemnity from the Hongs in respect of this sum.

Summary of relevant facts

344 Sometime in early October 2002, Thermal International shipped an MRI
machine to PTNM for use in the Hospital. An invoice for the machine in the sum
of S$656,000 was issued on 10 October 2002. It was not disputed that PTNM made
payments for the MRI machine amounting to S$262,600.30 between June and
December 2007. This left a balance of S$393,399.70. This balance formed the
first of the three sums Thermal Industries claimed in Suit 862.

345 I pause parenthetically to note that even if PTNM had taken up the
limitation point in pleadings and submissions (which it did not), the payments
made by PTNM to Thermal International between June and December 2007 would
have amounted to an affirmation of the debt. As such, the limitation period
would have re-started from the date the last of these payments was made: 12
December 2007. Accordingly, the writ of summons for Suit 862, which was filed
on 20 November 2008, would have been within the limitation period for the
claim.

346 As regards the claim against the Hongs for an indemnity, I reiterate that
PTNM has no standing to enforce the provisions of the SSA (see [267]–[283]
above). Only Columbia has standing to maintain such a claim against the Hongs.

Whether the Hongs are liable to indemnify Columbia for the sums claimed in
Suit 862

347 As seen from above, the real question was not whether PTNM was liable for
the sums claimed by Thermal International, but whether the Hongs are liable to
indemnify Columbia for the sums claimed, on the basis that PTNM was liable for
them.

Whether s 2.1.24 of the SSA should be expunged or rectified

348 It follows from my decision in Suit 861 (at [323]–[331] above) that s
2.1.24 is not to be expunged or rectified.

Whether sums due for the MRI machine, the supplies, and the Philips
angiography machine fall within the scope of the indemnity under the SSA

349 The sole question in this issue is whether the MRI machine, the supplies,
and the Philips angiography machine fall within one of the exceptions to the
definition of “Liabilities” under s 2.1.24 of the SSA: whether the debts are
“obligations to trade vendors part of the day to day operation of [PTNM]”.

350 In relation to the debt for the MRI machine, Columbia argued that it was
not an obligation owed to a trade vendor. This was because the MRI machine was
a capital item and a fixed asset,[note: 154] as it would depreciate over time.
The debt was consequently a “Liability” under s 2.1.24 of the SSA, for which
the Hongs are properly responsible. It is to be recalled that under s 3.1 of
the SSA, the Hongs had agreed to sell the sale shares “free from all
Encumbrances and Liabilities whatsoever”. Under s 8.4.1 of the SSA, the
Vendors are liable for all losses and liabilities flowing from their breach of
any condition or warranty given under the SSA.

351 The Hongs’ position was that the debt was a trade debt. In particular,
Eddie Foo took the position that the MRI machine was not a fixed asset as it
was used in the day to day operation of the Hospital to generate income.
However, when confronted with the analogy that the entire hospital building
was used on a “day to day” basis, Eddie Foo appeared to agree that the cost of
supplying that building would not constitute a trade debt.[note: 155]

352 Nevertheless, I am of the view that a sale of the Hospital building or the
Land is not necessarily the same thing as a sale of the MRI machine. There was
no dispute that Thermal International had sold the MRI machine to PTNM in the
normal course of business of Thermal International. I am of the view that the
debt to Thermal International therefore comes within an exception to the
definition of “Liabilities” in the SSA as an obligation to a trade vendor.
Contrary to the arguments made by Columbia, it matters not whether the debt is
treated as a long-term or a current debt in the books of PTNM or whether the
MRI machine is depreciated over a long period of time.

353 I therefore find that the Hongs are not liable under s 8.4.1 of the SSA to
indemnify Columbia for the sum of S$393,399.70.

354 For the same reasons, I find that the Hongs are not liable to indemnify
Columbia for the sums of S$3,320 and US$9,763 which were for supplies used for
the day to day operation of the Hospital.

355 As I mentioned above, PTNM’s counterclaim of S$144,046.03 for payment for
the Philips angiography machine on the basis of mistake is unfounded. Columbia
did not seek an indemnity from the Hongs for the sum paid. However, even if
Columbia had done so, I would have concluded that the amount paid for the
Philips angiography machine is an amount paid to a trade vendor for the
reasons I have given in respect of the MRI machine. It therefore does not fall
within “Liabilities” under s 2.1.24 of the SSA, and the Hong’s are not liable
to indemnify Columbia for it.

Conclusion

356 In conclusion, for Suit 964:

(a) I grant Columbia judgment against the Hongs for damages to be assessed for
the reasonable costs of taking measures to remove the MEC Charge from the land
title certificate. The assessment of such costs is to be conducted by me or
another judge (including a judicial commissioner) of the High Court.

(b) I declare that the Hongs are liable to indemnify Columbia for any claim by
DVI in relation to the transfer of the DVI Shares, including reasonable costs
of defending any claim that DVI may bring against Columbia and/or PTNM.

(c) In respect of the Tax Indemnity Issue,

(i) I order the Hongs to indemnify Columbia for the sum of IDR 7,027,522,992
being the additional taxes that were paid to the ITA in respect of the years
2004 to 2007; and

(ii) I also declare that the Hongs are liable to indemnify Columbia for any
future tax assessments on PTNM for the period before 22 January 2008, as well
as any penalties which may be imposed and/or any reasonable costs (including
legal costs) which may be incurred in dealing with any investigation and/or
prosecution by the tax authorities.

357 In Suit 861, I grant Thermal Industries judgment against PTNM for
S$262,934.48 and for S$10,000. However, I also order the Hongs to indemnify
Columbia for the sum of S$262,934.48.

358 In Suit 862:

(a) I grant Thermal International judgment for S$393,399.70, S$3,320 and
US$9,763.00 against PTNM;

(b) I dismiss the claim by Columbia (and PTNM) for an indemnity from the Hongs
for these three sums; and

(c) I dismiss the counterclaim by PTNM for S$144,046.03 against Thermal
International.

359 There was no submission on the interest rate or the date from which the
interest is to run. To avoid unnecessary complication, I will grant one rate
of interest and the interest will start to run from one date. I order that
interest be paid on any sum already ascertained, and which I have ordered to
be paid, at the rate of 5.33% per annum from 11 November 2009, being the date
when the last of the three actions was filed. This is not unfair to the Hongs
as they are likely to end up paying more than what the Thermal Companies are
entitled to receive from PTNM under my decision.

360 I will hear the parties on costs at a later date after the amount of the
reasonable costs of taking measures to remove the MEC Charge from the land
title certificate is determined by the court or agreed between the Hongs and
Columbia.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) for Suit 861 at para 4.

[note: 2]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) for Suit 861 at para 5 _._

[note: 3]Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No 5) in Suit 964 at para 16.1.

[note: 4]AEIC of Michael Chow filed on 6/7/2012 (“Michael Chow’s AEIC”) at
para 16.

[note: 5]Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 27/02/2013 at p 3.

[note: 6]AEIC of Edward Hong filed on 6/7/2012 (“Edward Hong’s AEIC”) at para
11.

[note: 7]Edward Hong’s AEIC at para 18.

[note: 8]Edward Hong’s AEIC at paras 24 and 26.

[note: 9]AEIC of Rick Evans filed on 24/7/2012 (“Rick Evans’ AEIC”) at para 5;
NE, 15/8/2012 at p 23.

[note: 10]Rick Evans’ AEIC at para 5; NE, 15/8/2012 at pp 32, 36, 49 and 50;
NE, 24/8/2012 at p 100.

[note: 11]Rick Evans’ AEIC at para 5.

[note: 12]Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No 5) in Suit 964 at para 6.1.3.

[note: 13]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 71–73.

[note: 14]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 82.

[note: 15]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 1496–1575.

[note: 16]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 86.

[note: 17]AEIC of Prem Abraham filed on 24/7/2012 (“Prem Abraham’s AEIC”) at
para 8.

[note: 18]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 334.

[note: 19]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 659 to 665.

[note: 20]Rick Evans’ AEIC at para 21.

[note: 21]Rick Evans’ AEIC at paras 20(c) and 21(3); NE, 16/8/2012 at pp 29
and 33.

[note: 22]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 659–665.

[note: 23]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 22.

[note: 24]Rick Evans’ AEIC at para 39.

[note: 25]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 1101–1102.

[note: 26]Rick Evans’ AEIC at para 45; pp 1103–1108.

[note: 27]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1128.

[note: 28]Rick Evans’ AEIC at para 47; pp 1128–1133.

[note: 29]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1133.

[note: 30]Rick Evans’ AEIC at para 47.

[note: 31]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 1134–1137.

[note: 32]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 1103–1108.

[note: 33]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 1176–1178.

[note: 34]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1197.

[note: 35]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 1246–1250.

[note: 36]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1246.

[note: 37]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1254.

[note: 38]Edward Hong’s AEIC at paras 179 and 181.

[note: 39]Rick Evans’ AEIC at para 61; Edward Hong’s AEIC at para 182.

[note: 40]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1294.

[note: 41]Edward Hong’s AEIC at para 85 and p 305.

[note: 42]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1373.

[note: 43]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1375.

[note: 44]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1394.

[note: 45]Rick Evans’ AEIC at para 80.

[note: 46]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 1398 and 1399.

[note: 47]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1399.

[note: 48]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1398.

[note: 49]Rick Evans’ AEIC at para 81.

[note: 50]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1406.

[note: 51]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 1438–1440.

[note: 52]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 1445–1455.

[note: 53]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 1445 and 1446.

[note: 54]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) in Suit 964 at para 14(3)(1)(j).

[note: 55]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1422.

[note: 56]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) in Suit 964 at para 14(1).

[note: 57]Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No 5) in Suit 964 at paras
10.2.1–10.2.5.

[note: 58]Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No 5) in Suit 964 at paras
10.2.7–10.2.8.

[note: 59]Defendants’ Closing Submissions in Suit 964 at para 334.

[note: 60]Rick Evans’ AEIC at para 83(2).

[note: 61]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions in Suit 964 at para 137; AEIC of
James Searby (“James Searby’s AEIC”) filed on 20/7/2012.

[note: 62]James Searby’s AEIC at paras 5.5–5.11.

[note: 63]James Searby’s AEIC at para 5.16.

[note: 64]James Searby’s AEIC at para 5.30.

[note: 65]James Searby’s AEIC at para 5.32.

[note: 66]James Searby’s AEIC at para 5.33.

[note: 67]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1254.

[note: 68]Edward Hong’s AEIC at pp 603 and 604.

[note: 69]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1254.

[note: 70]Prem Abraham’s AEIC at para 46.

[note: 71]Prem Abraham’s AEIC at para 46.

[note: 72]NE, 6/2/2013 at pp 81 and 93.

[note: 73]Prem Abraham’s AEIC at pp 82 and 83.

[note: 74]Prem Abraham’s AEIC at pp 84 and 85.

[note: 75]NE, 6/2/2013 at p 83.

[note: 76]Edward Hong’s AEIC at paras 179 and 181.

[note: 77]Rick Evans’ AEIC at para 61; Edward Hong’s AEIC at para 182.

[note: 78]Rick Evans’s AEIC at p 1294.

[note: 79]Rick Evans’s AEIC at pp 1295–1297.

[note: 80]Rick Evans’s AEIC at p 1493.

[note: 81]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 663.

[note: 82]NE, 28/8/2012 at pp 134– 136.

[note: 83]Rick Evans’s AEIC at pp 637–639.

[note: 84]Rick Evans’s AEIC at pp 680–765, 702.

[note: 85]Rick Evans’s AEIC at p 787.

[note: 86]NE, 28/8/2012 at pp 142 and 143.

[note: 87]NE 28/8/2012 at pp 145 and 146.

[note: 88]NE, 30/8/2012 at p 23.

[note: 89]NE, 30/8/2012 at p 63.

[note: 90]NE, 30/8/2012 at p 27.

[note: 91]NE, 16/8/2012 at pp 74, 76, 77.

[note: 92]NE, 30/8/2012 at pp 45–47.

[note: 93]AEIC of Roy Tedja filed on 28/1/2013 (“Roy Tedja’s 2nd AEIC”) at p
11; AEIC of Nick Graham’s filed on 13/2/2013 (“Nick Graham’s 3rd AEIC”) at p
2; NE, 13/2/2012 at pp 60 and 69; NE, 14/2/2012 at p 40.

[note: 94]NE, 14/2/2013 at p 41.

[note: 95]NE, 27/2/2013 at pp 15 and 16.

[note: 96]Roy Tedja’s 2nd AEIC at p 14; NE, 27/2/2013 at p 9.

[note: 97]Roy Tedja’s 2nd AEIC at pp 14 and 15.

[note: 98]NE, 27/2/2013 at p 10.

[note: 99]Roy Tedja’s 2nd AEIC at p 15.

[note: 100]AEIC of Nick Graham filed on 27/8/2012 (“Nick Graham’s 2nd AEIC”)
at p 15.

[note: 101]Nick Graham’s 2nd AEIC at p 15.

[note: 102]NE, 27/2/2013 at p 13.

[note: 103]Roy Tedja’s 2nd AEIC at p 16.

[note: 104]Nick Graham’s 3rd AEIC at p 27.

[note: 105]Nick Graham’s 3rd AEIC at p 27.

[note: 106]NE, 15/8/2012 at p 54.

[note: 107]Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions in Suit 964 at paras 4–29.

[note: 108]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions in Suit 964 at para 35.

[note: 109]NE, 24/8/2012 at pp 6–9.

[note: 110]NE, 14/2/2013 at p 62.

[note: 111]NE, 20/2/2013 at pp 74–76.

[note: 112]NE, 25/2/2013 at pp 50–52, 55.

[note: 113]NE, 21/3/2009 at p 3.

[note: 114]Prem Abraham’s AEIC at pp 49–60.

[note: 115]Prem Abraham’s AEIC at pp 61–63.

[note: 116]Prem Abraham’s AEIC at pp 64 and 65.

[note: 117]NE, 20/2/2013 at pp 81 and 82.

[note: 118]Prem Abraham’s AEIC at p 67.

[note: 119]Prem Abraham’s AEIC at p 70.

[note: 120]Prem Abraham’s AEIC at pp 47 and 48.

[note: 121]NE, 20/2/2013 at p 66.

[note: 122]NE, 4/3/2013 at pp 1–3.

[note: 123]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1038.

[note: 124]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1046.

[note: 125]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1038.

[note: 126]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1046.

[note: 127]Prem Abraham’s AEIC at para 15.

[note: 128]Rick Evans’ AEIC at para 39; NE, 30/8/2012 at p 75 and 76.

[note: 129]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 1072–1074.

[note: 130]Rick Evans’ AEIC at pp 1075–1100.

[note: 131]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1038.

[note: 132]NE, 30/8/2012 at p 77 and 78.

[note: 133]Rick Evans’ AEIC at p 1076.

[note: 134]Prem Abraham’s AEIC para 16; NE, 31/8/2012 at p 35; NE, 13/2/2013
at p 7.

[note: 135]NE, 13/2/2013 at pp 7 and 8.

[note: 136]NE, 31/8/2012 at pp 35 and 37.

[note: 137]Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) in Suit 861.

[note: 138]Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) in Suit 861 at
para 3.

[note: 139]Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) in Suit 861 at
para 4.

[note: 140]Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) in Suit 861 at
para 6.

[note: 141]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) in Suit 861 at para 7.

[note: 142]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) in Suit 861 at para 8.

[note: 143]Third Party Defence in Suit 861 at para 7.

[note: 144]Third Party Defence in Suit 861 at para 8.

[note: 145]Third Party Defence (Amendment No. 3) in Suit 861 at paras 11 and
12.

[note: 146]Third Party Defence (Amendment No. 4) in Suit 861 at para 8.

[note: 147]NE, 18/2/2012 at pp 9 and 10.

[note: 148]NE, 19/2/2013 at p 28.

[note: 149]NE, 19/2/2013 at p 30.

[note: 150]NE, 19/2/2013 at pp 55, 58, 59, 80.

[note: 151]NE, 19/2/2013 at p 28.

[note: 152]NE, 21/2/2013 at pp 30 and 31.

[note: 153]Prem Abraham’s AEIC at para 40.

[note: 154]NE, 03/2/2013 at p 63.

[note: 155]NE, 31/2/2013 at p 75.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

