Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ajit Chandrasekar Prabhu and another _v_ Yap Beng Kooi and another  
[2014] SGHC 68

Case Number| :| Suit No 735 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeals No 67 and 80 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Tong Chuan (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the plaintiffs; Ho
May Kim (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Ajit Chandrasekar Prabhu and another — Yap Beng Kooi and another  
  
11 April 2014|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was a cross-appeal against an order to strike out portions of the
plaintiffs’ statement of claim by the assistant registrar. The plaintiffs
purchased the property known as 19 Camden Park (“the Property”) from the
defendants for $25,000,000. The contract was executed on 1 February 2013 and
it was agreed that the completion of the sale was to take place on 29 April
2013.

2 The plaintiffs initially claimed that the defendants were in breach of the
terms of the contract of sale. They claimed that the defendants gave a
warranty that no unauthorised construction had been carried out on the
property. They claimed that by reason of the unauthorised construction that
was – in fact – carried out on the property, they suffered loss in having to
rectify the unauthorised work. The plaintiffs also claimed $1,000,000, which
was alleged interest for late completion. The plaintiffs were represented by
Mr Lim Tong Chuan and Miss Ho May Kim represented the defendants.

3 A dispute arose, however, as a result of certain works that were done to the
second level of the Property by the defendants in 2008. The plaintiffs claimed
that it was only sometime in April 2013 that they were informed that these
works on the Property were not duly authorised by the appropriate authorities.
In July 2013, the plaintiffs commenced major renovation works, which included
rectification works to the second level of the Property, presumably to bring
it in line with regulatory restrictions. On 23 July 2013, the plaintiffs,
through their solicitors, wrote to the defendants claiming S$958,018.51. This
sum was for the rectification work, loss of use of the building for 6 months,
and alternative accommodation costs for 6 months. The defendants claimed they
were traveling during this period, and hence did not respond to the
plaintiffs’ letter.

4 On 16 August 2013, the plaintiffs filed a writ of summons and statement of
claim. In their original statement of claim, the plaintiffs claimed the same
amount of S$958,018.51. On 30 September 2013, the plaintiffs amended their
statement of claim for the first time, but did not make any substantial change
to the amount claimed. On their second amendment dated 15 January 2014,
however, they made significant changes. The plaintiffs’ amended claim was for
“the sum of S$363,516.54 or S$572,192.76; and/or the sums of S$297,516.54 and
S$1,000,000 and/or S$762,256.25”. The latter three figures represent the cost
of rectification works, interest for late completion (calculated based on
Condition 9.2 of the Law Society of Singapore’s Conditions of Sale 2012
(“SLA”)) and loss of the use of the balance purchase price for six months.
These figures arose from the introduction of arguments that were not present
in the original and amended statements of claim.

5 In the statement of claim (Amendment No. 2), the plaintiffs introduced three
new claims, namely, that:

(a) as a result of the defendants’ unauthorised works, there was a defect in
the title of the Property (“defect in title argument”),

(b) as a result of the defect in title, the defendants were not in a position
to complete the sale and purchase on 29 April 2013, and that the sale and
purchase would not be deemed to have been completed until the unauthorised
works were rectified (“failure of completion argument”); and

(c) it was an implied term of the sale and purchase agreement that the
defendants convey to the plaintiffs good title to the Property (“implied term
argument”).

6 The defendants applied to strike out various paragraphs in the plaintiffs’
statement of claim (Amendment No. 2). The assistant registrar struck out
paragraphs 3.2, 6, 15.2, 16.2, 16.3 and portions of paragraphs 7 and 17.2.
Paragraph 3.2 merely set out Condition 9.2 of the SLA. Paragraph 7 merely
stated “[t]he Agreement was purportedly completed on 29 April 2013”. It was a
one-sentence paragraph. In respect of paragraph 7, the assistant registrar
struck out the word “purportedly”.

7 Paragraphs 15.2, 16.2 and 16.3 (which were sub-paragraphs in the particulars
of the plaintiffs’ losses), and 17.2 were also ordered to be struck out. These
paragraphs are set out below for easy reference:

15.2the Defendants were not in a position to complete the sale and purchase on
29 April 2013 and the same shall not be deemed completed until the
rectification works on the Illegal Extension are completed and/or the defect
to the title of the Property is removed.

…

16.2Interest under Condition 9.2 of the SLA; and/or 8% x 6 months x
SGD25,000,000: SGD1,000,000.00

16.3Loss of use of balance purchase price of SGD23,750,000 for 6 months
SGD762,256.25

…

17.2[the plaintiffs claim] the sums of SGD297,516.54 and SGD1,000,000 and/or
SGD762,256.25 on the breach of the implied warranty on good title;

…

The rest of paragraphs 15, 16 and 17 were not disturbed.

8 Also, the assistant registrar granted leave to the plaintiffs to amend their
statement of claim (Amendment No. 2) by replacing paragraph 6 (which had been
struck out) with “[i]t is an express term of the Option to Purchase that “The
Property is sold subject to any restrictive and other covenants and
conditions, easements and reservations affecting the Property but otherwise
free from encumbrances”” and adding the words “pursuant to cl 2 of the Option
to Purchase” at the end of paragraph 13.4. Paragraph 13.4 read, “[t]he
Defendants have failed… to convey to the Plaintiffs, a good title to the
Property”. Clause 2 of the option to purchase read, “the Property is sold
subject to any restrictive and other covenants and conditions, easements and
reservations affecting the Property but otherwise free from encumbrances”. In
sum, these amendments served to replace the “implied term argument” – which
had been struck out – with an “express term argument”. The assistant registrar
also ordered costs to be paid by the plaintiffs to the defendants, fixed at
$3,500.

9 Parties subsequently appealed against the orders of the assistant registrar.
In Registrar’s Appeal No 80 of 2014, the defendants appealed against:

(a) the refusal to strike out paragraphs 13.4, 15.1, 16, 16.1 and part of
17.2; and

(b) the order for leave to the plaintiffs to amend their statement of claim,
as specified in [8].

10 In Registrar’s Appeal No 67 of 2014, the plaintiffs appealed against the
assistant registrar’s decision, praying for an order that his decision be set
aside, and that the plaintiffs be granted the following orders, namely:

(a) that the defendants’ Summons No 297 of 2014 against the plaintiffs be
dismissed with costs,

(b) that the costs of the appeal be paid by the defendants to the plaintiffs;
and

(c) such further or other orders as the Honourable Court deems fit or just in
the circumstances.

11 I am of the view that this was not an appropriate case for an application
under O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). The
power to strike out a statement of claim – or parts of it – should only be
exercised in plain and obvious cases, and not “by a minute and protracted
examination of the documents and facts of the case to see if the plaintiff
really has a cause of action” (see _Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm)
v Wee Chong Jin and others_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [18]). The power to strike
out under O 18 r 19(1)(_a_), in particular, is draconian and “can only be
exercised if it is patently clear that there is no reasonable cause of action
on the face of the pleadings” (see _Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and
another_ [2012] 1 SLR 457 at [110]).

12 In this case, even if the plaintiffs’ “failure of completion argument” and
“implied term argument” seemed weak, it was not plain and obvious that these
arguments should have simply been struck out at this interlocutory stage.
There may still be room for arguments on the law regarding the legal meaning
of “completion” in a conveyance. There may also be issues regarding the facts
of the case (the significance of the defect in question and whether there were
any safety implications). I need not concern myself with the merits of this
case – these are matters for the trial judge. The defendants are entitled to
submit that there is no case to answer after the plaintiffs have presented
their case at trial.

13 I thus dismiss the defendants’ appeal and allow the plaintiffs’ appeal in
part (subject to their appeal against costs). Costs of the application below
and this appeal shall be costs in the cause.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

