Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Seng Soon _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 273

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 45 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 December 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chelva Rajah, SC and Chew Wei Lin (instructed) and Ram
Goswami (M/s Ram Goswami) for the appellant; Jeremy Yeo Shenglong and David
Chew (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lim Seng Soon — Public Prosecutor  
  
23 December 2014|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 Lim Seng Soon (“the Appellant”) was a relationship manager working in the
private banking arm of Deutsche Bank when, in September 2010, he cheated one
of his clients, Ms Khoo Bee See (“Ms Khoo”), of S$2 million. He obtained the
money by persuading Ms Khoo to take a loan for that amount, purportedly to
purchase a non-existent financial product. The money disbursed under the loan
was then transferred by the Appellant to a bank account in Hong Kong held in
the name of his wife, Jaime Ho Ai Lin (“Ms Ho”), from which, on numerous
occasions between October 2010 and February 2011, that money was converted,
transferred or used for the Appellant’s own benefit.

2 Almost exactly a year after this cheating offence, the Appellant induced Ms
Khoo’s sister, Ms Khoo Bee Leng, to issue a cheque for S$2 million, again to
pay for a fictitious investment product. It is not disputed that the cheque
was returned the next day.

3 The Appellant was found out and a police report was made in November 2011.
He was subsequently arrested and charged with two counts of cheating (s 420 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”)) and 16 charges under
ss 47(1)(_b_) and (_c_) of the Corruption, Drug Trafficking and other Serious
Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the CDSA”) for
transferring, using or converting the benefits of criminal conduct.

4 It was not disputed that the Appellant fully cooperated with the Police in
their investigation and had quite early in the day indicated his intention to
make restitution. In January 2014, with the help of his family, he was able to
make full restitution (S$2 million) to Ms Khoo. Subsequently, on 26 February
2014, he pleaded guilty to one cheating charge (for cheating Ms Khoo) and five
CDSA charges, and on 10 March 2014 he was sentenced to a total of six years’
imprisonment. He appealed to the High Court on the basis that the sentence was
manifestly excessive and that a total sentence of four years’ imprisonment
would be more appropriate.

5 The first hearing of the appeal on 2 July 2014 was adjourned due to the
illness of his counsel, Mr Ram Goswami. The hearing resumed on 27 August 2014,
at which time the Appellant also engaged Senior Counsel Mr Chelva Rajah (“Mr
Rajah”), to represent him. After hearing arguments from the parties, I was of
the view that the aggregate sentence was manifestly excessive in view of the
mitigating factors raised by the Appellant and the precedents that had been
brought to my attention. In particular, I was concerned if there had been
adequate consideration for the fact that the Appellant had made full
restitution of the S$2 million taken from Ms Khoo. I was further concerned
that the substantial number of CDSA charges preferred against the Appellant
constituted a “loading” of charges, causing the trial court to impose a
sentence on the Appellant which was heavier than might otherwise have been
warranted. I therefore reduced the total sentence to 4½ years’ imprisonment
and I now give my reasons.

Facts and decision below

6 The Appellant admitted to the following facts without qualification.

7 At the time of the offences, the Appellant was 39 years old and employed as
a relationship manager with the private wealth management arm of Deutsche
Bank. Ms Khoo had been his client since 2007.

8 On 24 September 2010, the Appellant proposed to Ms Khoo’s factotum or
assistant, one Rosie Cheong (“Ms Cheong”), that Ms Khoo invest in a fictitious
investment product. Ms Cheong had a limited power of attorney which meant that
all fund transfers had to be approved by Ms Khoo herself. As the latter had
insufficient Singapore dollars in her account, the Appellant suggested that
she take up a short term loan from Deutsche Bank so that she could invest in
the product. Ms Cheong relayed the proposal to Ms Khoo.

9 On 27 September 2010, the Appellant called Ms Khoo directly. He did not
mention the terms and conditions of the fictitious product since the phone
conversation was being recorded by the bank. He also did not mention that the
monies borrowed by Ms Khoo would eventually be transferred to Ms Ho’s bank
account with the RBS Coutts Bank in Hong Kong.At the material time, Ms Ho was
a private banker with that bank and maintained a staff bank account.

10 On that same day, the Appellant faxed an instruction letter for Ms Khoo’s
written authorisation to issue a cashier’s order for S$2 million and this was
returned, duly signed by Ms Khoo, on the same day. The Appellant ordered his
assistant to note on the signed authorisation that this was “[f]or pty
purchase” so as not to arouse any suspicion. The cashier’s order was credited
into Ms Ho’s Hong Kong account on 29 September 2010. The Appellant did this to
take advantage of a procedural loophole at RBS Coutts Bank where it was
necessary only to state the payee as “RBS HK” without indicating an actual
name and this therefore disguised the identity of the actual payee. On
numerous occasions from then until February 2011, he instructed Ms Ho to
transfer or convert much of the money to his own use.

11 About a year after the first cheating offence was committed, on 29
September 2011, the Appellant induced Ms Khoo’s sister, Ms Khoo Bee Leng, to
issue a cheque for S$2 million, also purportedly to pay for a fictitious
investment product. It is not disputed that the Appellant returned the cheque
the next day but it was said that this cheque was only returned after Ms Khoo
Bee Leng had spoken to the Appellant’s assistant and another relationship
manager, and it appeared that his scheme was about to unravel.

12 A police report was made on 3 November 2011 that the Appellant had cheated
Ms Khoo of S$2 million. The Appellant was arrested and on 20 August 2013 he
was charged as follows (the six shaded charges were proceeded with and the
other twelve were taken into consideration):

DAC No |  Date of offence |  Offence |  Amount  
---|---|---|---  
031982-2013 |  27 Sept 10 |  Cheating Ms Khoo (s 420 of the Penal Code) |  S$2m  
031983-2013 |  29 Sept 11 |  Cheating Ms Khoo Bee Leng (s 420 of the Penal Code) |  S$2m  
031984-2013 |  30 Sept 10 |  Transferring benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$478,000  
031985-2013 |  4 Nov 10 |  Transferring benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$150,000  
031986-2013 |  30 Nov 10 |  Transferring benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$50,000  
031987-2013 |  6 Dec 10 |  Transferring benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$100,000  
031988-2013 |  14 Dec 10 |  Transferring benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$52,000  
031989-2013 |  9 Feb 11 |  Transferring benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$120,000  
031990-2013 |  6 Oct 10 |  Converting benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$114,863.05  
031991-2013 |  7 Oct 10 |  Converting benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$108,344.20  
031992-2013 |  26 Oct 10 |  Converting benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$120,679,87  
031993-2013 |  29 Oct 10 |  Converting benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$102,326.80  
031994-2013 |  18 Nov 10 |  Converting benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$114,361.60  
031995-2013 |  3 Dec 10 |  Converting benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$72,440.38  
031996-2013 |  15 Feb 11 |  Converting benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$68,629.36  
031997-2013 |  7 Oct 10 |  Converting benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$156,223.78  
031998-2013 |  4 Nov 10 |  Converting benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$110,930.73  
031999-2013 |  26 Oct 10 |  Using benefits of criminal conduct (s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA) |  S$352,024.79  
  
  

13 With the help of his family, in January 2014 the Appellant made restitution
of the full sum of S$2 million to Ms Khoo. The Appellant pleaded guilty to the
charges proceeded with and on 10 March 2014 the District Judge imposed the
following sentences:

(a) 031982-2013 (cheating, S$2 million): 5 years

(b) 031984-2013 (CDSA, S$478,000): 2 years

(c) 031985-2013 (CDSA, S$150,000): 1 years

(d) 031990-2013 (CDSA, S$114,863.05): 10 months

(e) 031994-2013 (CDSA, S$114,361.60): 10 months

(f) 031999-2013 (CDSA, S$352,024.79): 18 months

14 The sentences in DAC 031982-2013 and DAC 031985-2013 of five years’ and one
year’s imprisonment respectively were ordered to run consecutively, making a
total of six years’ imprisonment to be served by the Appellant.

15 On 17 March 2014, the District Judge issued her grounds of decision in
_Public Prosecutor v Lim Seng Soon_ [2014] SGDC 102 (“the GD”). After
summarising the facts, the District Judge noted that the Prosecution had
pushed for an overall sentence of seven to eight years’ imprisonment. This was
on the basis that:

(a) The offences were premeditated as the Appellant had deliberately taken
steps to avoid detection;

(b) The offences involved a very large sum of S$2 million in a single charge
and another for the same sum (DAC 031983-2013) was taken into consideration
for sentencing;

(c) His criminal activity took place over a period of months without
discovery;

(d) He had abused his position of trust as relationship manager to Ms Khoo and
the integrity of Singapore’s banking and financial industry had to be
protected; and

(e) There was a sentencing precedent, _PP v Tan Wei Chong_ (DAC 18217/2011 &
Ors) (unreported) (“ _Tan Wei Chong_ ”), in which the offender, a relationship
manager, had misappropriated moneys from four clients and thereby obtained
S$3.6 million and €88,122.28; he was sentenced to a total of seven years in
prison for 11 charges under s 420 of the Penal Code and four charges under s
47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA.

16 The District Judge also noted the following factors raised by the Appellant
in mitigation:

(a) He had cooperated with the Police in their investigation and had pleaded
guilty at the earliest opportunity;

(b) He had demonstrated genuine remorse in immediately returning Ms Khoo Bee
Leng’s cheque instead of banking it in;

(c) He had presented numerous testimonials from his family members and friends
to attest to his character;

(d) He had made full restitution of the S$2 million taken from Ms Khoo; and

(e) He was a first offender, driven to crime by gambling debts, but he was not
a hardened criminal and his family had been put into great distress by his
actions.

17 In respect of the charge for cheating Ms Khoo, the District Judge explained
her decision in these terms. The offence was serious and merited a substantial
jail term. The Appellant’s financial difficulties carried little mitigating
weight. On the other hand, the victim (Ms Khoo) had suffered significant loss
and in respect of Ms Khoo Bee Leng, the return of the cheque had little effect
in mitigation because, by then, it was clear to the Appellant that his crimes
had been discovered.

18 The District Judge agreed with the Prosecution that the facts showed that
the Appellant had committed the offences with a high degree of premeditation
and planning and the offences had taken place over the span of a year, from
September 2010 to September 2011. Further, he had abused his position of trust
as Ms Khoo’s private banker, with concomitant impact on public confidence in
Singapore’s financial institutions. A sentence of five years’ imprisonment for
the cheating charge was therefore warranted.

19 In respect of the CDSA charges proceeded with, the District Judge noted
that the relevant factors were:

(a) The charges involved a very substantial sum of money;

(b) The Appellant was directly involved in the transfer, conversion and use of
the monies and he knew that they represented the benefits of criminal conduct;

(c) The way the moneys were funnelled to Hong Kong was sophisticated;

(d) But there was full restitution of all the monies taken.

20 The District Judge chose a one-year sentence to run consecutively with the
five-year sentence imposed for the cheating offence as that would not in her
view offend the totality principle and the total sentence was not one that
would be considered crushing in the circumstances.

The parties’ submissions on appeal

The Appellant’s submissions

21 The Appellant’s case on appeal was that the District Judge had erred in
failing to give sufficient weight to the mitigating factors present in the
case, in particular, the fact that he had pleaded guilty at the earliest
opportunity and made full restitution.

22 Mr Rajah made three specific arguments. First, he admitted that the sum
involved was very large and would ordinarily bear significant weight in
aggravating the offence. But set against this was the fact that that would
make it all the more difficult for the Appellant to make restitution for the
full amount and yet the Appellant did so and that undoubtedly demonstrated the
depth of his remorse, which ought to have been given more weight in
mitigation. Mr Rajah submitted that to a significant extent therefore the
aggravating factor of the substantial amount involved should have been offset
by the fact that full restitution was made.

23 The second argument was that the five CDSA charges proceeded with all
related to the use, transfer or conversion of the same sum of S$2 million (see
above at [12]). Mr Rajah, correctly, did not take issue with whether the
charges had been properly framed and brought, but submitted that there was
little difference in culpability whether the sum was transferred out from Ms
Ho’s bank account all on one occasion, or over 16 occasions. In essence, Mr
Rajah was saying that the five CDSA charges fell afoul of the one-transaction
rule.

24 The third argument advanced by Mr Rajah was that the sentence was
manifestly excessive in relation to a number of relevant sentencing
precedents.

The respondent’s submissions

25 The respondent took issue with the specific arguments raised by Mr Rajah.
On the point of restitution, Mr Jeremy Yeo (“Mr Yeo”), the Deputy Public
Prosecutor appearing for the respondent, did not deny the mitigating effect of
full restitution but submitted that, first, the mitigation could not be
premised on the basis that no loss was caused, because a temporary deprivation
to the victim was still a loss; and second, that the District Judge had
adequately taken this factor into account in calibrating the sentences she had
imposed.

26 On the point of whether the multiple CDSA charges constituted a “loading”
of charges, Mr Yeo’s submission was that those charges addressed particular
modes of concealing the initial cheating offence. In this case, this was the
movement of money to a Hong Kong bank account held in Ms Ho’s name. In other
words, the multiple CDSA charges reflected the Appellant’s criminality in that
he had relied on offshore accounts to commit the fraud; it was not disputed
that, due to the particular safeguards in place in the bank at the time, the
Appellant could not have transferred the money to an account in his own name.
Those CDSA charges were therefore necessary to deter persons with access to
such sophisticated means of evading regulations and safeguards from falling
into the temptation of making use of them.

27 Finally, Mr Yeo argued that the sentences passed by the Judge were in line
with the sentencing precedents.

My decision

28 An appellate court is generally disinclined to disturb a sentence passed by
a lower court unless one or more of the criteria laid down for appellate
intervention has been met: see _PP v UI_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at [12].

29 The three main issues raised in this appeal were:

(a) Whether the fact that the Appellant had made full restitution had been
adequately taken into account by the District Judge for the purposes of
sentencing;

(b) Whether the CDSA charges were in relation to the same transaction; and

(c) Whether the sentence was manifestly excessive in relation to the
sentencing precedents.

I will deal with each of these issues in turn.

The Appellant made full restitution

30 It seemed to me that with regard to the issue of restitution, the parties
did not at all differ on the principles involved. Mr Rajah was quick to
emphasise that he was not taking the position that the aggravating factor of
the large sum involved should be _fully_ mitigated by the fact that full
restitution was made, only that the District Judge had given insufficient
allowance for this factor in mitigation. Mr Yeo did not dispute the first part
of this argument; thus what was really in issue was whether, in view of the
precedents, the District Judge had given proper weight to this factor. I
discuss this issue in more detail below.

The CDSA charges

31 With regard to the CDSA charges, because five CDSA charges had been
proceeded with (instead of only one), s 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) was thereby invoked. This sub-section reads:

**Consecutive sentences in certain cases**

**307.** -(1) Subject to subsection (2), if at one trial a person is convicted
and sentenced to imprisonment for at least 3 distinct offences, the court
before which he is convicted must order the sentences for at least 2 of those
offences to run consecutively.

32 The District Judge was therefore mandated to order the sentences for at
least two of the offences to run consecutively, and, in the context of the
present case, since the s 420 cheating offence was the predicate offence, the
sentence for that offence had to be run consecutively with at least one of the
sentences imposed for the CDSA offences.

33 The issue raised by the Appellant was, however, that while the five CDSA
charges proceeded with – as well as the 11 others taken into account for the
purposes of sentencing – had been correctly framed and brought, all the
charges arose from what was essentially the same wrong done by the Appellant,
namely, cheating Ms Khoo of the sum of $2 million. The subsequent use of his
wife’s account in Hong Kong – which resulted in the CDSA charges – was part
and parcel of his plan to cheat Ms Khoo, and was not done for its own sake. To
the Appellant, the whole point of cheating Ms Khoo of the S$2 million was to
get hold of the money for his benefit. This raises an important point of
principle in relation to the ambit of the one-transaction rule, and its
interaction with s 307(1) of the CPC. The concern, which in my view eventuated
in this case, is that the loading of charges that essentially arise from the
same wrongful transaction such as to trigger the application of s 307(1) might
result in a higher sentence than if such loading had not occurred.

34 I was in full agreement with Mr Yeo’s argument that the CDSA charges, taken
as a whole, reflected a _separate_ act of criminality from the cheating
charge: they reflected the fact that the Appellant had used an offshore bank
account to route the benefits of his crime and that this was therefore a crime
of some sophistication. But this is not to say that _each_ CDSA charge was in
respect of a separate criminal transaction. In _Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v
Public Prosecutor_ [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“ _Mohamed Shouffee_ ”), Sundaresh Menon
CJ, sitting as a High Court judge, characterised the one-transaction rule as
follows (at [31]):

On this formulation, the real basis of the one-transaction rule is unity of
the violated interest that underlies the various offences. Where multiple
offences are found to be proximate as a matter of fact but violate different
legally protected interests, then they would not, at least as a general rule,
be regarded as forming a single transaction. However, it should be said for
the avoidance of doubt that even if this offers a better rationale for the
one-transaction rule, that does not make it a test which is to be rigidly
applied. As will be evident from the analysis that is set out below, even
where a sentencing judge is able to identify that a set of offences violates
different legally protected interests, it does not always or necessarily
follow that those offences cannot be regarded as part of the same transaction.

35 Thus, in determining whether multiple offences form a single transaction,
while the usual touchstone is whether the offences are proximate as to time or
place, the underlying rationale is whether there was a violation of distinct
legally protected interests. In this case, it is true that the CDSA offences
took place over a period of months and to that extent it could not be said
that there was, necessarily, proximity of time between each offence. As to
proximity of place, these offences were all in relation to that one bank
account in Ms Ho’s name in Hong Kong, but this factor could not carry much
weight. In my judgment, the determinative factor in this case that made it
crystal clear that these offences were all part of the same transaction was
that it could not be said that the CDSA charges represented violations of
_distinct_ legally protected interests. If the Appellant had fully converted,
transferred, or used that sum of S$2 million obtained from Ms Khoo on one
occasion only, then only one CDSA charge could have been brought instead of
16. To put it another way, it added very little or nothing to the Appellant’s
criminality whether he had transferred, converted or used the money on 16
occasions instead of just one. I was therefore of the view that the one-
transaction rule applied to the CDSA offences in that all the charges should
rightly have been regarded as forming part of the same criminal transaction
ie, to get at the $2 million. I should add that the remarks above _might_ not
apply to situations where an offender transferred or used monies in different
ways in order to disguise his tracks or to render his gains untraceable;
however, as this was simply not a pertinent consideration on the facts of the
present case, I express no concluded view on this point.

36 One typical consequence where the one-transaction rule has been invoked is
that the sentences imposed in respect of offences that could be said to form
part of the same transaction should not be run consecutively with each other.
In _Mohamed Shouffee_ at [27], Menon CJ noted that the one-transaction rule
was (at [27]):

… not an inflexible or rigid rule but it serves as a filter to sieve out those
sentences that ought not as a general rule to be ordered to be run
consecutively.

37 In the present case it would therefore have been wrong to run the sentences
imposed in respect of _two or more_ of the CDSA charges consecutively. The
District Judge correctly did not do this. However, because there were six
charges in total, she was therefore constrained by s 307(1) of the CPC to run
at least two of the sentences imposed consecutively. The combined effect of s
307(1) and the loading of the CDSA charges in this case was that the Appellant
was sentenced for committing _at least three_ distinct criminal offences, even
though the facts disclosed that the offences fell into _two_ distinct criminal
transactions: first, the cheating of Ms Khoo; and second, the transfer,
conversion and use of the S$2 million cheated from Ms Khoo.

38 The fundamental point is that if only one CDSA charge had been brought
against the Appellant, correctly reflecting the fact that all the CDSA charges
formed part of the same transaction, such that he faced only two charges in
total, one under s 420 of the Penal Code and one CDSA charge, then s 307(1) of
the CPC would not have been invoked. Thus the District Judge would have had
the discretion whether or not to run the sentences imposed for each charge
consecutively. In other words, the loading of the five CDSA charges, even
though they arose from essentially the same transaction, had the effect of
removing from the District Judge the discretion to decide whether or not to
run sentences consecutively. The unfortunate consequence, in my view, was that
the _total_ sentence was higher than would otherwise have been imposed had the
charges arising from the same transaction not been loaded onto the offender
such that s 307(1) was invoked.

39 This would be wrong because, as a matter of principle, the absence of this
discretion due to the invocation of s 307(1) of the CPC does not – and cannot
– negate the sentencing judge’s primary duty in sentencing. As I observed in
_Ong Chee Eng v PP_ [2012] 3 SLR 776 (“ _Ong Chee Eng_ ”) at [23], “[a] key
feature in the administration of criminal justice is that, within the range or
confines of the criminal sanctions prescribed by law for an offence, the
punishment imposed should fit the crime and the criminal.” Tailoring the
punishment to fit the crime is thus a fundamental duty in criminal sentencing
and that duty compels the sentencing judge to consider whether, _regardless of
s 307(1) of the CPC_ , the sentence _as a whole_ is proportionate and adequate
in all the circumstances. In cases where s 307(1) statutorily requires the
sentencing judge to run sentences consecutively, he should be diligent to
consider whether, and to what extent, some re-calibration of the individual
sentences, that would otherwise have been imposed, is justified. This would,
in my view, give effect to the principle which undergirds the one-transaction
rule, which is that notwithstanding s 307(1) an offender should generally not
be doubly punished for offences that could be said to be so related to each
other as to constitute one and the same transaction: _Mohamed Shouffee_ at
[32].

40 Putting it another way, it would be entirely appropriate, where the
sentencing judge decides that on the particular facts placed before him and
the degree of the offender’s criminality so justifies it, for him to order
that the sentences imposed be run consecutively. No re-calibration would be
called for in such a case. Conversely, where, _but for the effect of s 307(1)_
, the sentencing judge would have imposed a _shorter_ total sentence having
regard to the central issue of whether the aggregate punishment was
proportionate to the offender’s criminality, it would be equally permissible
for the sentencing judge to re-calibrate (_ie_ reduce) the _individual_
sentences such that, at the final stage of the sentencing process, after those
re-calibrated sentences are ordered to run consecutively, the aggregate
sentence is one that is just and proportionate in the circumstances. An
appropriate approach might be for the sentencing judge to treat all offences
that properly regarded formed part of the same transaction _as if it were one
distinct offence for the purposes of sentencing_.

41 Seen in this light, in certain cases, as in _Mohamed Shouffee_ , the
application of the one-transaction rule might have the effect of filtering out
those sentences which ought not to be run consecutively. In other cases, as in
the present, the effect would be to compel the sentencing judge to direct his
mind specifically to the issue of whether the offences disclosed justified the
total punishment imposed, and that the sentence had not been artificially
enhanced by means of the loading of charges.

42 In my judgment this is nothing more than an extension of the common law
principle of proportionality in sentencing, which is well established, and
which was also discussed in _Mohamed Shouffee_. Of particular relevance is the
following passage at [63]–[64]:

63 The power of the court to recalibrate the discrete sentences when these are
ordered to run consecutively arises from the common law principle of
proportionality, to which I have already referred. It is unquestionably true
that a sentencing judge must exercise his sentencing discretion with due
regard to considerations of proportionality when considering any given case.
If this is valid and applicable when sentencing a single offender to a single
sentence of imprisonment, then I cannot see how it can cease to be so when the
sentencing judge is required in the exercise of his sentencing discretion to
impose an aggregate sentence for a number of offences. _In my judgment, such a
rule is compatible with and not excluded by ss 306 and 307(1) of the CPC_. …

64 The process of deciding whether, and if so which, sentences are to run
consecutively is one that is ultimately integrated within the overall
sentencing process. I leave to one side the case of mandatory or mandatory
minimum sentences where the discretion of the sentencing judge is constrained
by statute. In such cases, the judge must work within the applicable
constraints. But in general, where the sentencing judge has discretion and is
within the reach of s 307(1) of the CPC, he will inevitably be aware when he
imposes the individual sentences for each of the offences that he will be
obliged, at the final stage of the sentencing process, to order at least two
of them to run consecutively. It would be unrealistic to imagine that such a
judge would disregard this fact and in particular (a) what the aggregate
sentence would be and (b) whether that aggregate sentence would be appropriate
in all the circumstances in terms of both its sufficiency as well as its
proportionality, when he calibrates the individual sentences. In so doing, the
sentencing judge would be doing no more than ensuring that the overall
punishment accords with the criminality that is before him. In my judgment, to
the extent this is so, it is best done transparently.

[emphasis added]

43 In other words, a sentencing judge must always be alive to the possibility
that s 307(1) has been invoked through the loading of charges which, properly
regarded, formed part of the same transaction, and which could result in a
total sentence that is disproportionate in relation to the proven criminality
of the accused person. In such a case it would be permissible to re-calibrate
individual sentences accordingly, with the caveat that where such a re-
calibration is done, the reasons for it should be stated explicitly.

44 In the present case, the District Judge noted (at [52] of the GD) that:

In imposing the above sentences for the CDSA charges, I am mindful that the
predicate offence is cheating and dishonestly inducing the delivery of
property and hence I had only ordered one of the sentences of the CDSA charges
to run consecutively so that the [_sic_] it does not offend the principle of
the totality of sentence and to ensure that the final sentence is not a
‘crushing’ one.

45 As I noted above at [37], it would not have been correct to run two or more
of the CDSA sentences consecutively with that imposed for the cheating charge,
and this, the District Judge correctly did not do. But, for the reasons given
above, I was of the further view that the District Judge had erred in not
considering the admittedly complex interplay between the one-transaction rule,
s 307(1) of the CPC, and the principle of proportionality in this case, and
that appellate intervention was therefore justified in principle. In my
judgment, _as a result of_ the effect of s 307(1) of the CPC, the total
sentence had been pitched at a level that was higher than would have been
imposed had s 307(1) _not_ been invoked, taking into account the applicable
precedents. I turn now to the precedents that had been relied on by the
District Judge and the parties and will at [62] discuss the appropriate degree
of calibration required in relation to the present case.

The precedents

46 There were three relevant cases that were brought to my attention: _Tan Wei
Chong_ (cited at [15(e)] above), _Public Prosecutor v Neo Aileen_ [2013] SGDC
315 (“ _Neo Aileen_ ”), and _Public Prosecutor v Sim Wei Min Pauline_ [2010]
SGDC 273 (“ _Sim Pauline_ ”). It was argued by Mr Rajah, and resisted by Mr
Yeo, that on their proper reading these cases demonstrated that the overall
sentence in the present case was manifestly excessive. I discuss these cases
in order.

47 The first is _Tan Wei Chong_ , which was cited by the Prosecution to the
court below and which was summarised by the District Judge at [9] of the GD in
the following terms:

The prosecution next referred to the case _PP v Tan Wei Chong_ (DAC 18217/2011
& Ors) where the accused, an OCBC Bank Relationship Manager, had
misappropriated monies from four clients through the use of debit
authorization forms and cashier's order's applications. He did so by getting
the clients to sign on blank forms or by forging their signatures. The total
amount involved was S$3,600,000 and EURO88,122.28. The sum of S$44,344.99 was
seized from him and he made partial restitution of S$21,889.03. The
prosecution had proceeded on 11 charges under Section 420 Penal Code and 4
charges under Section 47(1)(b)CDSA. For the cheating charges involving the
sums of $250,000, $200,000 and $150,000, he was sentenced to 3 years
imprisonment, 30 months imprisonment and 2 years' imprisonment for each of the
charges respectively. For the CDSA charges involving the sums of $250,000,
$200,000 and EURO88,122.28, he was sentenced to 1 year imprisonment, 10 months
imprisonment and 8 months' imprisonment for each of the charges respectively.
He was sentenced to a total of 7 years' imprisonment. It was noted that
although the amounts involved for the individual cheating charges in Tan Wei
Chong's case amount were less than the present case, nevertheless it would
give an indication of the appropriate sentence in respect of CDSA charges. It
was submitted that the prosecution was seeking an overall sentence in the
range of 7 to 8 years in respect of the Accused.

48 It was clear to me that the offences disclosed in _Tan Wei Chong_ were
comparatively more serious. There, the offender pleaded guilty to 11 s 420
charges and 4 CDSA charges. The total amount involved was over S$3.6 million
and the total amount recovered in restitution was negligible. I was mindful
that where full reasons are not available (as in _Tan Wei Chong_), the case is
of limited precedential value (see _Ong Chee Eng_ at [33]), but even so, the
facts suggested that that case disclosed, on every relevant dimension, a _more
serious_ crime than the Appellant’s: there were more victims, the total sum
involved was larger, and very little restitution was made. I was of the view
that the one-year difference between the total sentence imposed in _Tan Wei
Chong_ and that in the present case did not adequately capture the
dissimilarity in terms of criminality.

49 The second case is _Neo Aileen_. In this case, the offender deceived the
victim into delivering a total of S$1.325 million in exchange for foreign
currency at an attractive exchange rate. No restitution was ever made. She
pleaded guilty to two charges under s 420 of the Penal Code and was sentenced
to a total of 78 months’ imprisonment (6½ years). The District Court however
took the view that the offender’s plea of guilt was not demonstrative of
remorse: in the course of her submissions on mitigation the offender made a
number of wild allegations to explain what had really happened to the money
and a Newton hearing was ordered, where it was shown that those allegations
were completely fabricated. It was on this basis that no mitigating weight or
discount in sentence was given on account of the plea of guilt: _Neo Aileen_
at [3].

50 Mr Yeo submitted that _Neo Aileen_ was a comparable case; while there were
aggravating factors there not present in the case here, this was accounted for
by the fact the sentence in the present case amounted to five years for the
cheating offence, against 6 ½ years in _Neo Aileen_ , and the discount
adequately captured the mitigating effect of the Appellant’s early plea of
guilt and effort in making full restitution.

51 I did not agree that this was a comparable case. It was clear from the
facts of _Neo Aileen_ that the offender there hardly demonstrated any remorse
at all, with no restitution to boot, thus justifying a higher sentence;
therefore this case had very little precedential value in justifying the
sentences imposed in the present case.

52 The third case is _Sim Pauline_ ; the appeal against sentence in
Magistrate’s Appeal No 201 of 2010 was dismissed with no written grounds. The
offender was a relationship manager in Hong Leong Finance. There were six
separate counts of cheating involving a total of S$210,000: the offender had
induced the victim to deliver those sums to her for placing in fixed deposit
accounts that were never in fact opened. The offender initially claimed trial
but later pleaded guilty to two charges of cheating. She further made partial
restitution of S$150,000. She was sentenced to a total of 16 months in jail.
The District Judge considered that the case was analogous to cases of
confidence tricksters and that there were considerable aggravating factors (at
[45]):

The key aggravating factors were the number of offences and amount involved,
the accused’s abuse of her position and breach of trust and the motive of
personal gain underlying her offences. She had also not demonstrated genuine
remorse at any stage prior to pleading guilty. Her claims to have cooperated
with the police rang somewhat hollow as this was not borne out by her decision
to claim trial and challenge the voluntariness of her statements.

53 Although the present case involved a far greater sum of money, again there
were aggravating factors present in _Sim Pauline_ that were not present here.
No doubt the greater sum involved justifies a longer sentence; but on the
other hand, the Appellant here had pleaded guilty at the first opportunity
instead of contesting the charges and had made full restitution. In the
circumstances, the differential of 56 months did not seem to have correctly
reflected the difference in criminality.

54 A fourth relevant case, which was not cited by the parties, is _Public
Prosecutor v Yap Chee Yen_ [2014] SGDC 219 (“ _Yap Chee Yen_ ”), the decision
in which was released only after the release of the GD in the present case. As
the sentence in _Yap Chee Yen_ has been appealed by the accused to the High
Court in Magistrate’s Appeal No 130 of 2014 which has not been heard yet, I
make no comment on the case other than to recount the facts.

55 In this case, the offender was a relationship manager in Clariden Leu, a
private bank. He faced a total of 30 charges: 13 charges for forgery for the
purpose of cheating under s 468 of the Penal Code, one charge for cheating
under s 417, and 16 charges for transferring benefits of his criminal conduct
under s 47(1)(_b_) of the CDSA. Five s 468 and three CDSA charges were
proceeded with; he pleaded guilty to all eight and he was sentenced to a total
of 66 months’ imprisonment (5½ years). His modus operandi was to forge the
signatures of clients on fund transfer documents. Two client accounts were
involved, and the sums transferred totalled about S$2.5 million. The money was
transferred to accounts under his control, or to accounts of other bank
clients to cover for losses they had incurred.

56 The trial judge considered that there were the following aggravating
factors: the offences involved large sums and several clients, and took place
over two years comprising multiple instances of forgery; there was a shortfall
of S$385,527.82 even after partial restitution; and the offender had wanted to
make it difficult to trace his criminal proceeds by transferring moneys to a
British Virgin Island company (at [30] of _Yap Chee Yen_).

57 In my judgment, it was clear that the sentence in the present case was
manifestly excessive relative to those in the precedents discussed above (with
the exception of _Yap Chee Yen_ upon which I make no comment). There were two
main reasons for this. The first was that in none of those cases had the
offender given adequate or full restitution. In my judgment, in cheating and
other “white collar” offences, full restitution – accompanied by full
cooperation with the investigation and an early plea of guilt – must, as a
matter of principle, have significant mitigating value. The essential point is
that such actions are generally indicative of genuine remorse.

58 Another factor to be borne in mind is that such crimes are often difficult
to uncover, and even more difficult to investigate. The offender’s early
cooperation and full restitution would therefore have the salutary effect of
minimising public resources expended on the case as well as ensuring that the
defrauded victim is, at the end, made whole again. It is also a well-
established principle of sentencing that a plea of guilt is a strong
mitigating factor.

59 I recognise that too much weight should not be accorded on account of
restitution as a mitigating factor lest it would appear that those offenders
who are well-off (or, equivalently, those with well-off sympathisers, friends,
or relatives) would be permitted to buy themselves out of jail time. Of
course, no accused person should be allowed to do that. It is the question of
determining the appropriate jail time taking into account the restitution
made. As a matter of reason and logic, it must follow that an offender who
restores (either through his own means or through the help of relatives) what
he has taken should be given adequate consideration for purposes of
sentencing. This principle is well established in case law (see _Krishan Chand
v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 737 at [13]; _Soong Hee Sin v Public
Prosecutor_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 475 at [9]; _Tan Kay Beng v Public Prosecutor_
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 10 at [38]) In this regard, the _quantum_ restored would
necessarily indicate the offender’s efforts to make good the victim’s loss and
in turn demonstrate his genuine remorse. It is the same sort of logic which
applies when the court treats a plea of guilt as a mitigating factor. In the
present case, I was satisfied that the Appellant had made considerable effort
to give full restitution: there was evidence that he had been prepared, even
in the early stages of the investigation, to sell his property to raise money.

60 The second reason I had for taking the view that the sentence in the
present case was manifestly excessive was that, as I have said, there ought to
have been some re-calibration of the individual sentences to account for the
fact that all the CDSA charges had been brought in respect of the same
transaction (see above at [31]–[45]).

Conclusion

61 For the reasons given above and in the circumstances of the case, I was of
the view that the total sentence of six years was manifestly excessive and
should be reduced to 4½ years, in this way. Whether or not s 307(1) of the CPC
had been invoked such that I was bound to run at least one of the CDSA
sentences consecutively with the sentence imposed for the cheating charge, I
thought that a _total_ sentence of between 4½ years’ and five years’
imprisonment would have been just and appropriate having regard to all the
facts of the case, and in particular, taking into account the fact that full
restitution was made, that there was prompt and early cooperation with the
investigation, and that the Appellant had pleaded guilty early. It follows
that had the Appellant been sentenced to five years’ imprisonment for the
cheating charge _and no other sentence was ordered to run consecutively_ , I
would not have been minded to interfere because such a sentence, although
perhaps on the upper end of the appropriate range, would not be “manifestly
excessive”.

62 However, due to the effect of s 307(1), some discount on the cheating
charge was warranted so that the _total_ sentence would be one that was fair
and proportionate in the circumstances. I therefore reduced the sentence of
five years in respect of DAC 31982-2013 (the s 420 cheating offence) to one of
four years’ imprisonment. Similarly, while the _individual_ sentences imposed
for the CDSA charges could not be faulted, for the reasons above, some
reduction was merited on account of the fact that s 307(1) applied to the
present case. I therefore reduced the sentences of ten months which had been
imposed in respect of DAC 31990-2013 and DAC 31994-2013 to sentences of six
months’ imprisonment for each charge, with the two sentences in DAC 31982-2013
and DAC 31990-2013 to run consecutively for a total sentence of 4½ years. The
sentences in respect of the other charges were ordered to remain unchanged and
to run concurrently with these two sentences.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Dec 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

