Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  BMG _v_ BMH  
[2014] SGHC 112

Case Number| :| Divorce Transferred No 6149 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 June 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jimmy Yim SC (Drew & Napier LLC) and Dennis Chua Soon
Chai (Dennis Chua & Co) for the plaintiff/wife; Tan Yew Cheng (Leong
Partnership LLP) for the defendant/husband.  
Parties| :|  BMG — BMH  
  
9 June 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This case concerns costs. Parties appeared before me in 2013. In my
judgment, dated 13 November 2013 (_BMG v BMH_ [2013] SGHC 244), I stated (at
[10]) that I would hear submissions on costs at a later date if parties were
unable to agree. As is evident, no agreement was reached.

2 Before me, counsel for the plaintiff/wife, Mr Yim, argued that the plaintiff
should be entitled to costs plus disbursements, in the following manner:

(a) $150,000 in costs;

(b) $5,159.58 in disbursements;

(c) $4,708 for the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) report; and

(d) $44,708.84 for the accountant’s report.

His reasoning was that costs follow the event. As the plaintiff had obtained a
judgment in her favour before me, she should be entitled to costs.

3 Counsel for the defendant/husband, Ms Tan, agreed that costs should
generally follow the event. She also did not seem to dispute the quantum.
However, she disagreed that the judgment was in the plaintiff’s favour.
Rather, she submitted that it was in the defendant’s favour. Nevertheless, she
argued that each party should bear its own costs of the ancillary matters
hearing, save as to the expenses of the HSA and accountant’s reports, which
should be borne by the plaintiff.

4 To appreciate the context of the submissions by either party, I will briefly
describe the proceedings in 2013. Parties appeared before me with two issues:
division of matrimonial assets and maintenance. I set out the submissions of
both counsel, as well as my finding, in the table below:

Issue |  Plaintiff’s argument |  Defendant’s argument |  Court’s finding  
---|---|---|---  
Total assets |  Total assets amount to $14,639,187 |  Total assets amount to $4,346,517 |  Total assets amount to $6.75m (rounded down)  
Division |  Plaintiff should receive 30% of $14,639,187 = $4,391,756.10 |  Plaintiff should receive 20% of $4,346,517 = $869,303.4 |  Plaintiff to receive 30% of $6.75m = $2.025m  
Maintenance |  Plaintiff should receive lump sum of between $508,800 and $763,200 (based on $10,600/mth for between 4 and 6 years respectively) |  Plaintiff should receive no more than $42,000 (based on $3,500/mth for 1 year) |  Defendant to pay to the Plaintiff $8,000/mth for 18 months (total: $144,000)  
  
  

5 As is evident from the figures alone, Mr Yim’s argument that the plaintiff
secured a favourable judgment was based on a strained interpretation of
“favourable”. He submitted that the court’s final determination on division,
in terms of proportion (30% of assets), was identical to what the plaintiff
sought. However, this argument neglected the fact that the court’s
determination of the size of the pool of assets was significantly lower than
the plaintiff’s figure. Mr Yim also argued that the court’s awarding of $8,000
in monthly maintenance to the plaintiff was a “victory”, as it was closer to
the $10,800 figure that she prayed for than the $3,500 sought by the
defendant. This argument neglected the duration for which maintenance was
ordered. Looking at the figures as a whole, it is clear that the verdict was
numerically closer to the defendant’s pleaded case. However, that is not to
say that the defendant “won” or the plaintiff “lost”.

6 Mr Yim also mentioned that the plaintiff had offered to settle the matter
with the defendant on 29 June 2012, and that in that offer (contained in a
letter sent by the plaintiff’s solicitors to the defendant’s), the plaintiff
proposed the following terms:

(a) All the parties’ properties in Thailand are to be given to the plaintiff;

(b) All other properties of each party are to be retained by them;

(c) The defendant shall pay the plaintiff a lump sum payment of $800,000; and

(d) The parties are to pay their own legal costs.

7 The plaintiff argued that these terms, which were rejected by the defendant,
were very close to the terms in the final judgment. The terms in the final
judgment were as follows:

(a) The plaintiff is to retain the properties in Thailand;

(b) Parties are to retain whatever assets were considered theirs;

(c) The defendant is to pay the plaintiff a sum of $434,000;

(d) The defendant is to pay the plaintiff a monthly maintenance of $8,000 for
18 months; and

(e) Parties are to agree on costs.

8 The plaintiff argued that (a) and (b) of both the offer and judgment were
identical. I agree. She also argued that (c) of the offer was similar to (c)
and (d) of the judgment. Notwithstanding that the court’s order of $434,000
was lower than her sought for sum of $800,000, she argued that if the
maintenance order were to be taken into account ($144,000), along with the
interim maintenance of $110,500 that the defendant had been paying between the
date of the offer to settle and the judgment, as well as cost of the
accountant’s report ($44,708.84) – which would not have been necessary if the
defendant accepted the offer – the total sum would be $733,208.84.
Acknowledging that this was still lower than the $800,000 figure, the
plaintiff further argued that “[g]iven that costs follow the event, the
Defendant will also be bearing the Plaintiff’s costs of these proceedings, it
is likely that the overall sum having to be paid by the Defendant since June
2012 would exceed $800,000”. That is a strained argument, not least because
the very issue before this court included the issue of costs. The defendant
challenged the plaintiff’s inclusion of the interim maintenance paid between
the date of the offer and the judgment. He argued that as the offer was only
open for four weeks, it would not have been fair to take into account the
interim maintenance paid after these four weeks (up to the date of judgment).
The plaintiff did not cite – nor did she attempt to rely on – O 22A of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). As such, all these arguments were
presumably made to persuade the court in the exercise of its general
discretion under O 59. The plaintiff went on to argue that as the defendant
rejected the offer, costs for the plaintiff should be provided – for two
counsel – on a standard basis up to 28 June 2012, and thereafter on an
indemnity basis from 29 June 2012 onwards.

9 I turn first to the plaintiff’s repeated emphasis on the notion that costs
follow the event. Although uncontroversial as a general guiding principle, it
is wholly misleading to extend it to “costs must always follow the event”. The
matter of costs is, first and foremost, within the discretion of the court.
This is captured in O 59 r 3(2) of the Rules of Court, which reads:

[i]f the Court in the exercise of its discretion sees fit to make any order as
to the costs of or incidental to any proceedings, the Court shall, subject to
this Order, order the costs to follow the event, except when it appears to the
Court that in the circumstances of the case some other order should be made as
to the whole or any part of the costs.

10 The defendant cited a few recent decisions of the High Court and the Court
of Appeal in which the courts made no order as to costs for hearings on
ancillary matters. Although I hesitate to draw a trend from these decisions, I
can appreciate that – especially in matters relating to divorce – the court
will hope to minimise further acrimony and antagonism between parties. After
judgment, it may not always be the case that both parties are pleased with the
outcome of the ancillary matters. An adverse cost order may aggravate the
situation further, making one party out to be the “loser”.

11 In this case, contrary to the plaintiff’s submissions, there was no clear
winner. Even the plaintiff’s offer cannot be said to have been clearly “more
favourable” than the judgment. I therefore order each party to bear its own
costs and disbursements, and to share the costs of the reports.

12 Mr Yim informed me that there remains the administrative task of
transferring title in the properties in Thailand to the plaintiff, as they are
presently held in the parties’ joint names. I order that the defendant execute
any necessary document to give effect to the orders in my judgment dated 13
November 2013. Any costs incurred are to be shared by the parties.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jun 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

