Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AHQ _v_ Attorney-General  
[2014] SGHC 175

Case Number| :| Suit No 3 of 2014 (Registrar's Appeal No 108 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 September 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The plaintiff in person; Zheng Shaokai and Koo Zhi Xuan
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  AHQ — Attorney-General  
  
5 September 2014|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This action arose out of an appeal by the plaintiff, [AHQ] (“AHQ”), against
the decision of a Senior Assistant Registrar (“the SAR”), who allowed an
application for the Statement of Claim (“the SOC”) and the action against the
defendant, the Government of the Republic of Singapore (“the Government”), to
be struck out and dismissed respectively by way of Summons No 441 of 2014.
After hearing the arguments, I dismissed the appeal. I was in agreement with
the SAR that the claim against the Government did not contain a reasonable
cause of action. AHQ has since filed an appeal against my decision. I now
state the reasons for my decision.

AHQ’s claim

2 In the action brought by AHQ, damages in the sum of $50m, interest and costs
were claimed for a number of orders made by judges in the discharge of their
responsibilities of a judicial nature. The orders arose out of a series of
ancillary matters following the dissolution of a marriage between AHQ and his
former spouse, [AHR] (“AHR”). In essence, AHQ was dissatisfied with the
outcome of the orders made. He claimed that not only were the orders wrongly
made, they were made with the malicious intent of “humiliat[ing], tortur[ing]
and bull[ying]” him.[note: 1]

3 As background information, the following judicial acts and orders formed the
subject of the action:

(a) Summons No 1239 of 2009: On 18 September 2009, District Judge Angelina
Hing (“DJ Hing”) granted an interim Personal Protection Order (“PPO”) to
restrain AHQ from using family violence against AHR and the daughter of the
marriage, by way of PPO 926 of 2009.

(b) Summons No 8800 of 2009/P in Divorce Suit No D2883 of 2006/T: Pursuant to
two court orders dated 29 October 2009 and 12 November 2009 respectively (the
latter varying the terms made in the former), DJ Hing granted AHR interim care
and control of the two children of the marriage. It was further ordered that
AHQ be given supervised access to both children on Sundays from 10am to 12nn
at the Centre for Family Harmony (“CFH”). Both parties were to bear the costs
of supervised access equally.

(c) Summons No 8800 of 2009/P in Divorce Suit No D2883 of 2006/T: On 8 April
2010, DJ Hing varied an interim judgment dated 4 September 2006 (presumably in
relation to the divorce proceedings between AHQ and AHR)[note: 2] to effect
the following changes:

(i) AHR was awarded sole custody, care and control of the two children;

(ii) AHQ was granted supervised access to the two children on Sundays from
10am to 12nn at the CFH with costs to be borne by AHQ and AHR equally;

(iii) AHQ was ordered to pay maintenance of $1,500 in total for both children;
and

(iv) AHQ was ordered to hand over the children’s passports, birth
certificates, and health booklets to AHR’s counsel.

AHQ appealed against this decision of DJ Hing by way of District Court Appeal
No 22 of 2010. On 6 October 2010, Kan Ting Chiu J dismissed AHQ’s appeal. AHQ
then applied to Kan J, by way of Summons No 350 of 2011, for leave to appeal
against Kan J’s decision. On 14 February 2011, Kan J made no order in regard
to AHQ’s application for leave to appeal.

(d) Maintenance Summons No 5866 of 2011: DJ Jocelyn Ong (“DJ Ong”) issued a
Warrant of Arrest against AHQ on 23 December 2011 for failing to fulfil his
obligation to pay maintenance.[note: 3] On 15 March 2012, AHQ attended court
and, according to him, was told to leave within ten minutes as the Warrant of
Arrest was cancelled by District Judge Emily Wilfred (“DJ Wilfred”) after AHR
confirmed that AHQ had made payment. AHQ claimed that “this” was
“intentionally humiliating, torturing and bullying”.[note: 4] It was not clear
from the SOC whether “this” referred to the issuing of the Warrant of Arrest,
or the fact that DJ Wilfred told AHQ he was free to leave within ten minutes
of his court attendance, or both. In the circumstances, it is likely that the
complaint was directed solely towards DJ Ong for having issued the Warrant of
Arrest against him.

4 The present action was AHQ’s attempt to vindicate his dissatisfaction with
the acts and orders made above. AHQ claimed that DJ Hing erred because she
granted the PPO based on a report dated 14 December 2009 (from the Ministry of
Community Development, Youth and Sports) which did not pinpoint any specific
acts of violence committed by AHQ against the children. In my view, the proper
method to pursue such a claim would be to either appeal against the DJ’s
decision or apply for the order to be varied, suspended or revoked under s
67(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed). AHQ did neither of these.
Instead, he came to the High Court and sought to use this purported error of
law as a basis to claim that DJ Hing “intentionally or even planned to ignore”
his rights.[note: 5]

5 In addition, he claimed that the judges mentioned above had acted
maliciously and were biased against him. In particular, AHQ alleged that DJ
Hing “intentionally plan[ned] to take away [the] children” by issuing the
custody, care and control order in favour of AHR.[note: 6] It was his case
that all the judges above plotted against him in issuing their respective
orders.

6 It should also be noted that the Government, in its submissions, was of the
view that AHQ’s complaint was based on tort. Be that as it may, the specific
cause of action under tort was not properly pleaded.[note: 7]

The Government’s bases for the striking out application

7 The Government advanced three independent grounds to strike out the SOC.
First, it argued that the SOC disclosed no reasonable cause of action under O
18 r 19(1)(_a_) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”).
Secondly, the SOC was scandalous, frivolous or vexatious under O 18 r
19(1)(_b_) of the ROC as it was legally unsustainable (citing _The “Bunga
Melati 5”_ [2012] 4 SLR 546 at [39]). Thirdly, the SOC represents an abuse of
process under O 18 r 19(1)(_d_) of the ROC. In this appeal, there are
sufficient reasons to strike out the SOC on the first ground in that it
disclosed no reasonable cause of action and therefore it is unnecessary for me
to discuss the other two grounds.

8 The Government relied on the case of _Indah Desa Saujana Corp Sdn Bhd & Ors
v James Foong Cheng Yuen, Judge, High Court Malaya & Anor_ [2008] 2 MLJ 11 (“
_Indah Desa_ ”), where the plaintiffs sought to recover damages from a Kuala
Lumpur High Court judge for losses suffered due to the judge’s “wilful,
malicious (intentional) malfeasance and misfeasance, mala fide acts and
omissions” (at [11]). The Malaysian Court of Appeal (Kuching) found that the
facts and circumstances of the case attracted the application of judicial
immunity, and as such, the plaintiffs’ claim was an exercise in futility under
O 18 r 19(1)(_a_) of the Rules of the High Court 1980 (P.U. (A) 50/1980) (“the
RHC”), which is _in pari materia_ with O 18 r 19(1)(_a_) of the ROC, there
being no reasonable cause of action (at [68]–[69]). The Malaysian Court of
Appeal (Kuching) hence struck out the plaintiffs’ claim.

The issue

9 The real issue before this court was whether there was a reasonable cause of
action against the Government for the acts and orders made by DJ Hing, DJ Ong
and Kan J.

Reasons for striking out the SOC

10 AHQ’s action to recover damages was without merit. Even assuming that the
facts asserted were in AHQ’s favour, AHQ still had no reasonable cause of
action. It is one thing for the aggrieved party to apply for a quashing order
to set aside a decision on the basis that the adjudicator was biased (_Sirros
v Moore and Ors_ [1975] QB 118 (“ _Sirros v Moore_ ”) at 132), but it is quite
another for him to sue for damages on the basis that the judges were biased or
malicious. There is plainly no reasonable cause of action in the latter as
judges are immune from suits in relation to their exercise of judicial power
and responsibility.

Judicial immunity at common law

11 The Malaysian court in _Indah Desa_ observed, at [52(i)], that under the
common law, no civil action is maintainable against a judge for anything said
or done by him in the exercise of a jurisdiction that belongs to him (citing
the landmark English decision of _Sirros v Moore_). Although the court in
_Indah Desa_ eventually applied a version of statutory judicial immunity to
the facts (at [68]–[71]), the common law judicial immunity was given a ringing
endorsement (at [52]–[56]). Indeed, the Australian and New Zealand cases cited
by the court demonstrate that judicial immunity is a longstanding tradition
within the common law and has been well-recognised across Commonwealth
jurisdictions.

12 At common law, every judge of a superior or inferior court is immune from
liability in damages for any act that is either (1) within jurisdiction, or
(2) honestly believed to be within jurisdiction (J P L Ching and N W Taylor,
_Smith, Bailey and Gunn on The Modern English Legal System_ (Sweet and
Maxwell, 5th ed, 2007) (“ _The Modern English Legal System_ ”) at 4-039). In
the same textbook excerpt referred to by the Government, the learned authors
of _The Modern English Legal System_ went on to elaborate that the protection
applied even where malicious intent was present, citing _Anderson v Gorrie and
others_ [1895] 1 QB 668 (“ _Anderson v Gorrie and others_ ”) as authority for
this proposition.

13 Since in the present case AHQ has also made allegations of maliciousness,
_Anderson v Gorrie and others_ is directly on point. The plaintiff in that
case brought an action against judges of the Supreme Court of Trinidad and
Tobago to recover damages for certain acts done by them in the course of
judicial proceedings, which he alleged to have been done maliciously. All
three judges of the English Court of Appeal dismissed the application. The
court held that it was settled law that a judge cannot be made liable for an
act done within a judge’s jurisdiction, even if he had acted maliciously.
Notably, in reaching this conclusion, Lord Esher MR examined a number of well-
established authorities and the rationale behind this rule (at 670–671):

… [T]he question arises whether there can be an action against a judge of a
Court of Record for doing something within his jurisdiction, but doing it
maliciously and contrary to good faith. By the common law of England it is the
law that no such action will lie. The ground alleged from the earliest times
as that on which this rule rests is that if such an action would lie the
judges would lose their independence, and that the absolute freedom and
independence of the judges is necessary for the administration of justice.
That is the ground stated in _Miller v. Hope_ [2 Shaw Sc. App. Cas. 125], in
the year 1824, by Lord Gifford in his judgment in the House of Lords …
Crompton J. in _Fray v. Blackburn_ [3 B. & S. 576 at 578], said: “It is a
principle of our law that no action will lie against a judge of one of the
superior Courts for a judicial act, though it be alleged to have been done
maliciously and corruptly. ... The public are deeply interested in this rule,
which indeed exists for their benefit, and was established in order to secure
the independence of the judges, and prevent their being harassed by vexatious
actions.”

…

To my mind there is no doubt that the proposition is true to its fullest
extent, that no action lies for acts done or words spoken by a judge in the
exercise of his judicial office, although his motive is malicious and the acts
or words are not done or spoken in the honest exercise of his office. _If a
judge goes beyond his jurisdiction a different set of considerations arise._
The only difference between judges of the Superior Courts and other judges
consists in the extent of their respective jurisdiction.

[emphasis added]

14 In the present case, there was no allegation that the judges had acted
outside their jurisdiction. There was no reason for judicial immunity not to
apply to its fullest extent to all the judges involved. As Lord Denning MR
held in _Sirros v Moore_ (at 136):

… Every judge of the courts of this land – from the highest to the lowest –
should be protected to the same degree …

Statutory judicial immunity

Statutory judicial immunity for District Judges of the Subordinate Courts

15 Besides the common law, there are also statutes on judicial immunity.
Judicial immunity for District Judges of the Subordinate Courts has been
statutorily codified by virtue of s 68(1) of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap
321, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCA”), which states as follows:

**Protection of judicial and other officers**

68.—(1) A judicial officer shall not be liable to be sued for any act done by
him in the discharge of his judicial duty whether or not within the limits of
his jurisdiction, provided that he at the time in good faith believed himself
to have jurisdiction to do or order the act complained of.

A District Judge is a “judicial officer” as defined under s 2 of the SCA.

Statutory judicial immunity for judges of the Supreme Court

16 Has judicial immunity for judges of the Supreme Court received similar
statutory codification? The provision in question is s 79(1) of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”), which states as
follows:

**Protection of Registrar and other officers**

79.—(1) The Registrar, the Deputy Registrar or an Assistant Registrar or
_other person acting judicially_ shall not be liable to be sued in any court
exercising civil jurisdiction for any act done by him in the discharge of his
judicial duty whether or not within the limits of his jurisdiction, provided
that he at the time in good faith believed himself to have jurisdiction to do
or order the act complained of.

[emphasis added]

17 The provision expressly covers the “Registrar, the Deputy Registrar or an
Assistant Registrar”. Interestingly, it is silent on whether judges are
covered by the provision. On one view, it could be said that judges of the
Supreme Court come within the ambit of “other person acting judicially” even
though the provision does not expressly state so. An expansive construction of
the phrase would be required to reach such a conclusion.

18 However, there appears to be a stronger case in favour of a narrow
construction of the phrase in that it was not meant to include judges of the
Supreme Court. It is pertinent to note that corresponding Indian and Malaysian
statutes on judicial immunity make express reference to a “Judge” but s 79(1)
of the SCJA does not. Instead, s 79(1) of the SCJA makes reference only to
“Registrar, the Deputy Registrar or an Assistant Registrar”. If the drafters
of the SCJA had intended for it to encompass judges of the Supreme Court, the
word “judge” would have been included in s 79(1), just as it was in the
corresponding Indian and Malaysian statutes.

19 The corresponding Indian and Malaysian statutes are as follows. In India,
the relevant provision is s 1 of the Judicial Officers Protection Act 1850
(Act No XVIII of 1850) (“JOPA”) which reads as follows:

No Judge, Magistrate, Justice of the Peace, Collector or other person acting
judicially shall be liable to be sued in any civil court for any act done or
ordered to be done by him in the discharge of his judicial duty, whether or
not within the limits of his jurisdiction, nor shall any order for costs be
made against him, provided that he at the time in good faith believed himself
to have jurisdiction to do so or order the act complained of.

20 In Malaysia, the relevant provision is s 14(1) of the Courts of Judicature
Act 1964 (Act 91, 1972 Rev Ed) (“CJA”) which reads as follows:

**Protection of Judges and other judicial officers**

14\. (1) No Judge or other person acting judicially shall be liable to be sued
in any civil court for any act done or ordered to be done by him in the
discharge of his judicial duty, whether or not within the limits of his
jurisdiction, nor shall any order for costs be made against him, provided that
he at the time in good faith believed himself to have jurisdiction to do so or
order the act complained of.

21 The narrow construction is also supported by the principle of _ejusdem
generis_ , which requires the phrase to be construed as subject to the
preceding words, “Registrar, the Deputy Registrar or an Assistant Registrar”.
The _ejusdem generis_ cannon of construction is described as follows in
_Bennion on Statutory Interpretation: A Code_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2008) at p
1231:

The Latin words _ejusdem generis_ (of the same kind or nature), have been
attached to a principle of construction whereby wide words associated in the
text with more limited words are taken to be restricted by implication to
matters of the same limited character. The principle may apply whatever the
form of the association, but the most usual form is a list or string of genus
describing terms followed by wider residuary or sweeping-up words.

…

The _ejusdem generis_ principle arises from the linguistic implication by
which words having literally a wide meaning (when taken in isolation) are
treated as reduced in scope by the verbal context. It may be regarded as an
instance of ellipsis, or reliance on implication. The principle is presumed to
apply unless there is some contrary indication.

22 In addition, extra-judicial comments made by Chan Sek Keong CJ may lend
weight to the narrow construction (Chan Sek Keong, _Securing and Maintaining
the Independence of the Court in Judicial Proceedings_ (2010) 22 SAcLJ 229 at
[11]):

There is one other important element in common law jurisdictions for
facilitating the independence of judges in their decision-making that is
sometimes not protected by legislation. It is that immunity from suit for acts
or omissions in the discharge of judicial duties. This immunity is not the
same as immunity from prosecution for criminal acts. _In Singapore, there is
no legislation that grants such immunity (ie, immunity from suits for acts or
omissions in the discharge of judicial duties) to the judges of the Supreme
Court, although there are statutory provisions granting immunity to the lower
judiciary_ [citing s 79 of the SCJA and s 68 of the SCA]. This omission may be
inconsequential, as it is a principle of the common law that judges are immune
from suit.

[emphasis added]

23 Nevertheless, it is not necessary for me to decide whether s 79(1) of the
SCJA extends to judges of the Supreme Court because the judges are, in any
event, protected by common law judicial immunity (refer to discussion at
[11]–[14]).

The Government is also immune from AHQ’s action against the judges

24 In any event, in the present case, AHQ’s claim was not against the judges
in their _personal capacity_. It was actually against _the Government_. AHQ’s
claim was premised on s 5 of the Government Proceedings Act (Cap 121, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“the GPA”), which states as follows:

**Liability of Government in tort**

**5.** Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Government shall be liable
for any wrongful act done or any neglect or default committed by any public
officer in the same manner and to the same extent as that in which a
principal, being a private person, is liable for any wrongful act done, or any
neglect or default committed by his agent, and for the purposes of this
section and without prejudice to the generality thereof, any public officer
acting or purporting in good faith to be acting in pursuance of a duty imposed
by law shall be deemed to be the agent of and to be acting under the
instructions of the Government.

25 However, as the Government correctly pointed out, s 5 is qualified by s
6(3) of the GPA, which confers immunity to the Government for suits brought
against acts committed by _any person_ in the discharge of judicial duties.
The provision quite clearly encompasses both judges of the Supreme Court as
well as District Judges of the Subordinate Courts. Section 6(3) of the GPA
reads as follows:

No proceedings shall lie against _the Government_ by virtue of Section 5 in
respect of anything done or omitted to be done by _any person_ while
discharging or purporting to discharge any responsibilities of a judicial
nature vested in him, or any responsibilities which he has in connection with
the execution of judicial process.

[emphasis added]

The Government would therefore be immune in the present action by virtue of s
6(3) of the GPA.

Conclusion

26 In these circumstances, it was plainly obvious that AHQ did not have a
reasonable cause of action to recover damages against the Government. AHQ’s
request for an exception to be made in the present case[note: 8] was without
merit. Therefore, the SOC was correctly struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(_a_) of
the ROC as it disclosed no reasonable cause of action. For this reason, I
dismissed AHQ’s appeal.

Costs

27 After hearing the parties’ submissions on costs, I ordered AHQ to pay $500,
inclusive of disbursements, forthwith to the Government for the appeal as
there was another appeal by AHQ in Suit No [Y] with similar arguments.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim, paras 9, 11, 16, 19, 20, and 22.

[note: 2]The interim judgment was referred to in the Order of Court dated 8
April 2010 but was not exhibited in the Bundle of Documents.

[note: 3]Koo Zhi Xuan’s affidavit dated 27 Jan 2014, Exh 8.

[note: 4]Statement of Claim, para 11.

[note: 5]SAR’s Notes of Evidence dated 20 March 2014, p 6.

[note: 6]SAR’s Notes of Evidence dated 20 March 2014, p 7.

[note: 7]Defendant’s submissions, para 3.

[note: 8]AHR’s affidavit dated 11 March 2014, p 4.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Sep 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

