Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  STX Corp _v_ Jason Surjana Tanuwidjaja and others  
[2014] SGHC 45

Case Number| :| Suit No 960 of 2012 (Summonses No 2776 of 2013, 2777 of 2013 &
2778 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 March 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Christopher Anand s/o Daniel, Ganga d/o Avadiar & Foo Li
Chuan Arlene (Advocatus Law LLP) for the plaintiff; Suresh s/o Damodara
(Damodara Hazra LLP) for the first defendant; Subashini d/o Narayanasamy &
Yogarajah Yoga Sharmini (Haridass Ho & Partners) for the second and third
defendants.  
Parties| :|  STX Corp — Jason Surjana Tanuwidjaja and others  
  
13 March 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction: Contempt proceedings against the defendants

1 This judgment contains my reasons for conclusions I have come to in respect
of seven applications for committal filed in three sets of proceedings.

2 STX Corporation, the plaintiff in each of the proceedings, is a Korean
corporation which became involved in a coal mining operation in Indonesia. In
that connection, it dealt with Jason Surjana Tanuwidjaja (“JST”) and Tan Beng
Phiau Dick (“Dick Tan”). The plaintiff alleges that it was wrongfully
dispossessed of the coal mine. This dispute is being dealt with in arbitration
proceedings. At the same time, litigation was started in the Singapore courts
primarily against JST and Dick Tan. However, JST”s daughter Bella Novitia
Kartika (“BNK”) and his son Yan Pratama Adisaputra (“YPA”) have also been
sued. In this judgment, I shall sometimes call JST, BNK and YPA “the
defendants”.

3 The various actions are as follows: Suit No 960/2012 (“Suit 960”) against
JST, Dick Tan, BNK and YPA, Suit No 961/2012 (“Suit 961”) against JST and Dick
Tan and Originating Summons No 1066/2012 (“OS 1066”) against JST, BNK, YPA and
two others. OS 1066 was brought as an ancillary proceeding to obtain the
court’s assistance with regard to the arbitration proceedings.

4 On 9 November 2012, the plaintiff obtained freezing orders against JST in
all three actions and against BNK and YPA in Suit 960 and OS 1066. Besides
preventing the defendants from dealing with their assets, the orders required
the defendants to file affidavits disclosing all their assets within a
specified period. The applications for committal assert that each of the
defendants failed to comply with those orders and were therefore in contempt
of court.

5 The defendants admit that they breached the specified deadlines for filing
of their Affidavits of Assets. They deny the further assertion that they did
not give full disclosure of all their assets. If they were ever in contempt,
they say this contempt has been purged.

6 Given that the case involves three defendants, I will discuss the law on
civil contempt before considering the individual complaints.

Civil contempt in Singapore

7 An action for civil contempt is directed at a party who is bound by an order
of court but is alleged to have breached the terms of that order. It is
directed at securing compliance with the said order and typically falls under
one of the following categories:

(a) Disobedience of an order requiring an act to be done;

(b) Disobedience of an order prohibiting the doing of an act; or

(c) Breach of an undertaking given to court.

The acts of contempt allegedly committed in Suits 960 and 961 and OS 1066 all
fall within the first category.

8 The standard of proof for finding contempt of court is the criminal standard
of proof beyond a reasonable doubt. The threshold to establish the guilty
intention necessary for a finding of civil contempt is, however, a low one –
the alleged contempnor just needs to intend to do acts which are in breach of
a coercive court order. His specific intention need not be shown (see _Tan
Beow Hiong v Tan Boon Aik_ [2010] 4 SLR(R) 870 at [47]).

9 Further, it has been held that as long as there is a deliberate breach of
the order, the reasons for disobedience are irrelevant in establishing
liability – they are only relevant at sentencing (see _Global Distressed Alpha
Fund I Ltd Partnership v PT Bakrie Investindo_ [2013] SGHC 105 at [33]).

10 In _Monex Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v E Clearing Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2012]
4 SLR 1169 (“ _Monex_ ”), I had to deal with an allegation of contempt that
was very similar to the allegations here. There, the respondent had been
ordered to disclose certain information within eight days of the court order
being served. The order required the respondent, who was a director of the
defendant company, to inform the plaintiff’s solicitors in writing of all the
defendant’s assets, giving the nature, precise location and sufficient details
of such assets (see _Monex_ at [12]).

11 To comply with the order, the respondent had filed statements for two
Development Bank of Singapore (“DBS”) accounts, cheque stubs and selected
payment vouchers. It was contended by the plaintiff that these were inadequate
as there were several categories of documents which the respondent had failed
to produce. The respondent submitted that he was in full compliance with the
disclosure order since he had given details of all the bank accounts in which
the defendant was interested.

12 I held that the finding of contempt involves a two-step approach (see
_Monex_ at [31]):

(a) Decide what exactly the disclosure order requires the respondent to do;
and

(b) Determine whether such requirements had been fulfilled.

13 In determining what the disclosure order required, the order had to be
interpreted according to the plain meaning of the language used and any
ambiguity should be resolved in favour of the person who had to comply with
the order (see _Monex_ at [34]). In the present case, I will follow the same
approach. Thus, my first task is to determine what the orders required the
defendants to disclose and I will then consider whether they met the
disclosure requirements.

What assets did the contempt orders require the defendants to disclose?

14 For present purposes, the material portion of each freezing order reads:

The Defendants must each inform the Plaintiff in writing at once of **all
their assets whether in or outside Singapore and whether in their own name or
not and whether solely or jointly owned** , giving the value, location and
details of all such assets. The information must be confirmed in an affidavit
which must be served on the Plaintiff’s solicitors within 7 days after this
Order has been served on each of the defendants. [Emphasis added]

15 The issue that has arisen here is exactly what is meant by the phrase “all
their assets”. The defendants JST and BNK contend that it does not include
assets apparently in their names but which they hold on trust for Madam
Julianne Feng-Lian Xiao @ Yanny Djelita Santosa (“Mdm Santosa”), the wife of
JST and the mother of BNK.

16 The meaning of the phrase “all their assets” has come under consideration
in several English cases. I need refer to only two.

17 In _Federal Bank of the Middle East Ltd v Hadkinson and others_ [2000] 1
WLR 1695 (“ _Federal Bank_ ”), the defendants were ordered to make disclosure
of “all their assets and/or funds, whether in their own name or not and
whether solely or jointly owned, giving value, location and details of the
assets and funds and information …”. It was held by the English Court of
Appeal that, having regard to the context and object of the order, the
expression “his assets and/or funds” referred to assets belonging to the
defendant and which he could use to satisfy a claim made against him. Assets
in his name but belonging beneficially to someone else would not be available
for this purpose. This standard form of freezing order obtained by the
plaintiff referring to “his assets and/or funds” was not apt, without the
addition of words clearly extending its effect, to cover assets held in the
defendant’s name and under his control but which were not his beneficially.

18 Mummery LJ said that even though a freezing order is a precautionary
measure to protect a claimant against a risk of dissipation of assets, it is
not a sufficient reason for giving the expression a meaning which it cannot
reasonably bear (see _Federal Bank_ at p 1079). In the same case, Nourse LJ
commented that for the freezing order to cover assets which a defendant holds
as trustee, it would have to include words like “and whether held for his own
benefit or for the benefit of others”.

19 The respondent accused of contempt in _Federal Bank_ had not disclosed
several bank deposits in his name and under his control. He explained that he
was holding them as trustee for his wife and children. He was held not to be
in contempt because the beneficial interests in those deposits did not belong
to him.

20 A second case, _JSC BTA Bank v Solodchenko and others_ [2010] EWCA Civ
1436, shows the type of wording required to cover assets which are legally but
not beneficially owned. In that case, the expression “all the freezing
respondent’s assets whether or not they are in its own name and whether they
are solely or jointly owned _and whether the respondent is interested in them
legally, beneficially or otherwise_ ” [emphasis added] was held to have the
effect of covering assets held by the respondent as a trustee or nominee for a
third party.

21 The holding in _Federal Bank_ was arrived at on the basis of the plain
meaning of the words “all their assets”, viewed in the context of an order
that sought to prevent a defendant from dissipating assets that could
otherwise be available to satisfy a judgment obtained by the plaintiff. This
approach is in line with the Court of Appeal’s observation in _Pertamina
Energy Trading Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co LLC and others_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 518 that
the purpose of a court order depends on the precise terms of the order.

22 Given that the wording in the freezing orders before me does not make it
clear that it is intended to cover ownership in name only as well as
beneficial ownership, I adopt the position in _Federal Bank_ and hold that the
obligation imposed on the defendants by the phrase “all their assets” is to
disclose all assets beneficially held by them. Thus it does not cover assets
which are legally owned by them but which they hold as trustees for third
parties.

Contempt proceedings against JST

23 JST is the only defendant who is involved in all three actions. He is
therefore subject to all three freezing orders. He accepts that he was served
with the orders by email on 16 November 2012 and thereafter by courier service
to his office.

24 JST is a businessman who was about 64 years old at the time the orders were
obtained. Originally an Indonesian, he has been a Singapore citizen for many
years. However, he still spends a great deal of time in Indonesia, principally
in Jakarta. He has homes there as well as in Singapore. JST works for various
companies but his main employment appears to be for a company called PT
Adiperkasa Buana (“PTAB”) which deals in diesel engines. In court, he stated
that PTAB belongs to his wife, Mdm Santosa, but that he manages and controls
it because his wife is a housewife and not good in business. He gave her PTAB
more than 20 years ago.

First complaint: Delay in complying with the order

25 The plaintiff complained that JST did not file his affidavit within seven
days of being served with the freezing order. Instead on 20 December 2012, JST
filed an application for an extension of time to file his Affidavit of Assets
but only in OS 1066. This application was heard and dismissed on 21 January
2013. Despite the dismissal, JST only filed his Affidavit of Assets in OS 1066
on 4 February 2013. He did not file or serve any Affidavit of Assets in Suits
960 and 961. He subsequently explained (on or about 12 July 2013) that he did
not file any Affidavit of Assets in the latter two actions because he thought
his affidavit in OS 1066 would stand for all three actions.

26 JST gave the following reasons for his late submission of the Affidavit of
Assets and submitted that the court should take a minimalist approach to this
issue:

(a) He was travelling extensively during the period; and

(b) He had made a formal application to the court for an extension of time to
file his Affidavit of Assets.

27 Having regard to the evidence, I find that JST committed a deliberate
breach of court in relation to the filing of the affidavits required by the
orders in Suits 960, 961 and OS 1066.

28 JST has submitted that he filed the affidavits late due to his extensive
travels and had made a formal application to court for an extension of time.
However, JST is an experienced and sophisticated businessman who had the
benefit of legal advice. His lawyers had informed him of the court order and
his disclosure obligations. Although he was travelling extensively between
China, Indonesia and Singapore during the period between 20 November 2012 and
21 January 2013, he did not travel overseas for a sustained period of time.
Instead he returned to Singapore several times during that period. Therefore I
consider that his extensive business travels were not a valid reason for his
late filing of the Affidavits of Assets. Litigants are expected to take court
orders seriously.

29 In truth, JST’s reasons are not truly reasons – rather they are excuses
which he conjured up at the last minute. If he had been serious about his
disclosure obligations, he would have contacted his Singapore solicitors over
the telephone or the Internet. The affidavit could have been prepared while he
was away and filed on his return. He could also have filed his application for
extension of time much earlier than 20 December 2012.

30 It was also submitted that JST had since complied with the order and that
his breach should be treated as minimal. In doing so, counsel cited the case
of _Shadrake Alan v Attorney-General_ [2011] 3 SLR 778 for the general
proposition that contempt proceedings are to ensure that the public confidence
of the administration of justice is preserved. Thus since compliance had been
obtained, the purpose of the law of contempt had been achieved.

31 I cannot accept JST’s position. His delay was not a short one. It stretched
for more than eight weeks from the date of service. When an affidavit was
finally filed for one out of three proceedings, it was inadequate. On these
facts, I find that JST’s lateness was not minimal nor accidental but lengthy
and wilful. As such, I cannot disregard it. That JST finally complied with his
disclosure obligations goes towards mitigation. It does not excuse liability
for contempt. JST was clearly in contempt in regard to time of filing.

32 I also consider he was in contempt for not filing affidavits in the other
two actions. It is not an excuse that their contents would have been identical
to that filed in OS 1066. The court ordered him to file affidavits in those
actions as well and he should have obeyed the orders.

Second complaint: Did JST disclose all his assets?

33 In relation to the contents of the Affidavit of Assets, the plaintiff
complained that JST had not given full disclosure of all his assets. This was
despite having been put on notice by the plaintiff’s solicitors in March 2013
that if he did not file a further affidavit to provide full disclosure, the
plaintiff would initiate contempt proceedings. The plaintiff listed various
assets which it contended JST should have disclosed.

34 Before I deal with the plaintiff’s contentions, I will summarise the assets
disclosed by JST. These were:

(a) 1,320,002 shares in Tunghua International Enterprises Pte Ltd (“Tunghua”),
a Singapore company;

(b) Ten shares in International Ferro Pte Ltd (“International Ferro”), a
Singapore company;

(c) One Mercedes Benz E240;

(d) One US$ account at United Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) held jointly with
Mdm Santosa and with an overdrawn balance of US$1.970m;

(e) One SGD savings account at UOB held jointly with Mdm Santosa and with a
credit balance of $883.87;

(f) An autosave account at DBS Bank held jointly with Mdm Santosa and with an
estimated credit balance of $20,000; and

(g) One Toyota Camry.

JST declared that the above were all the assets that he had and he did not own
anything outside Singapore.

35 The plaintiff complained that the bank accounts in Singapore which JST had
disclosed were inadequate for his maintenance. Further, the existence of a
loan facility of about $1.9m from UOB indicated JST had substantial assets
because banks would not lend without security. JST responded that the loan
facility was secured by a mortgage over an apartment unit in Singapore known
as 26 Shelford Road, #05-03, Shelford View, Singapore 288420 (“the Singapore
property”). A search on the Singapore property showed that initially it had
been owned by JST and Mdm Santosa jointly. In August 1985, JST had transferred
his interest in the Singapore property to Mdm Santosa so that she became the
sole owner of the Singapore property.

36 The plaintiff complained that JST should have explained why he made this
transfer. I agree that under the freezing order, JST was required to disclose
any asset which belonged to him although it was not in his own name.
Therefore, if Mdm Santosa held the Singapore property or a share therein on
trust for him, JST should have disclosed this.

37 The transfer to Mdm Santosa took place almost 30 years before the court
order was made and therefore had nothing to do with JST’s dealings with the
plaintiff. The fact that the Singapore property supports a substantial
overdraft which JST utilises and is jointly responsible for may be an
indication that he has a beneficial interest in the property. However, it is
equally possible that Mdm Santosa allows her husband to use the Singapore
property to secure his indebtedness without accepting that he has any
beneficial interest in it. Bearing in mind the high standard of proof required
for contempt proceedings, I find that the non-disclosure of the Singapore
property and the non-explanation for the transfer to Mdm Santosa do not
constitute contempt.

38 The second complaint was that JST did not disclose his interest in a
residential property situated at 39A, Matheson Road, Applecross, Western
Australia (“the Matheson property”). This property is registered in the joint
names of JST and his wife. JST explained that shortly after the Matheson
property was purchased, he executed a document called a “Land and Building
Ownership Agreement” in Indonesia. By this document, dated 17 October 2003, he
declared that the property belonged entirely to Mdm Santosa and that he waived
any claim to it. The document was executed before a Notary Public.

39 JST explained the circumstances in which it was decided that the Matheson
property should be solely owned by Mdm Santosa – in April 1996 he had a heart
attack. In September 2003, just a few weeks before the purchase of the
Matheson Property, he had a more serious heart attack. He was then aged 55,
his wife aged 49 and his children aged between 18 and 22. He needed to ensure
that his wife and children had homes in Singapore, Indonesia and Australia,
where his children were studying. As Mdm Santosa was and is a homemaker with
no income, JST had to be named as co-owner and borrower in order for her to
buy the Matheson property. However, it was intended at all times that the
property would be Mdm Santosa’s.

40 The plaintiff did not accept that the agreement of October 2003 between JST
and Mdm Santosa was a valid agreement or that it genuinely reflected the
ownership of the Matheson property. The Notary Public who prepared the
agreement filed an affidavit to which the agreement was exhibited and
confirmed that it had been executed before her on the date in question. The
plaintiff pointed out that there was a discrepancy between the copy of the
agreement exhibited to the Notary Public’s affidavit and the copy exhibited to
JST’s affidavit. On one there was a notary stamp reading “ _Theresia Lusiati
Siti Rahayu Notaris Jakarta_ ” whereas on the other, no such stamp appeared. I
do not think anything much can be made of this discrepancy. The copy that did
not have the stamp was the notary’s copy and it is perfectly possible that she
did not put a stamp on the copy that she retained in her files.

41 The question here is whether JST genuinely believed that the Matheson
property did not belong to him despite his name appearing on the Australian
title deeds. If he is only a trustee for Mdm Santosa, then following _Federal
Bank_ , he would not need to disclose the Matheson property. The plaintiff
pointed out that under the Torrens system of land registration in Australia,
the registered proprietor has “indefeasible title” and that the register is
everything. Therefore, JST as one of the registered owners of the Matheson
property is an owner of that property as a matter of law and cannot deny his
ownership of it.

42 However, in Australia as much as in Singapore, equitable principles apply
to registered land and it is possible for the registered owner of land to hold
it beneficially for a third party. A document such as the Land and Building
Ownership Agreement executed by JST would under Singapore law be sufficient to
constitute him the trustee of his share in the Matheson property for Mdm
Santosa. The plaintiff has not shown me that Australian law, originating as it
does from the same common law spring as Singapore law, is any different in
this respect. Bearing in mind the standard of proof for contempt of court, I
find that JST did not breach the freezing order by failing to disclose the
Matheson property.

43 The next complaint was that JST had failed to disclose that he owned one
share in an Australian company called Misan Investments Pty Ltd (“Misan”).
JST’s explanation for this omission was that he had become a shareholder of
Misan in order to obtain a business visa from the Australian authorities and
that he never intended to acquire any real interest in Misan. He also said
that four years earlier, he had transferred the Misan share back to the friend
who had helped him in his visa application. As the plaintiff pointed out,
however, JST did not exhibit a copy of the alleged transfer form nor did he
produce any confirmation from his friend. I find that JST was in breach of his
disclosure obligations in relation to the Misan share.

44 The plaintiff also noted that JST had failed to disclose two bank accounts
which he had in Australia: one with the Adelaide Bank (“Adelaide Bank
account”) and the other with the Australia and New Zealand Banking Corporation
(“ANZ Bank account”). As far as the Adelaide bank account was concerned, JST
submitted that it was a loan account and had a negative balance. As for the
ANZ Bank account, he said it did not belong to him because Mdm Santosa used
that account to service the loan on the Matheson property.

45 These reasons are unsatisfactory. In _Monex_ , the lack of money in a bank
account did not constitute good reason for the failure to disclose it (_Monex_
at [38]). Nor would it constitute good reason on the present facts. The fact
of joint ownership of the ANZ Bank account is also irrelevant as long as it
was an account in JST’s name and _prima facie_ an account in which the
plaintiff would have an interest (_Monex_ at [37]). Whilst Mdm Santosa may
have used money in ANZ Bank account to service the Matheson property loan,
there was no evidence as to where the funds in the account came from. JST’s
own evidence was that his wife was a homemaker and did not work. The money in
the account was therefore likely to have been paid in by him and he would have
an interest in it even if he allowed her to use it to pay the loan.

46 JST should have disclosed both bank accounts in his affidavit. He did not
do so and thus he was in breach of his disclosure obligations and in contempt
of court for the non-disclosure.

47 The plaintiff’s final complaint was with respect to PTAB. The plaintiff
noted that JST had not disclosed any income generating asset in his Affidavit
of Assets or during cross-examination. JST had, however, admitted that he
travelled about four to eight times every month on business for PTAB, a
company which he managed and controlled. The plaintiff submitted that in the
circumstances, it was reasonably probable that JST is _a_ , if not _the_ ,
beneficial owner of PTAB and he had failed to disclose this in his Affidavit
of Assets. It was also submitted that JST had disclosed some of his assets and
kept the rest of them hidden.

48 The plaintiff’s submission is attractive but faces a difficulty. This is
because the plaintiff has not been able to prove beyond a reasonable doubt
that JST is either _a_ or _the_ beneficial owner of PTAB.

49 JST’s evidence was that PTAB belongs to Mdm Santosa. No documents were
produced which would contradict that evidence either in part or as a whole.
Secondly, PTAB is an Indonesian company. The determination of who owns it
would be governed by Indonesian law. The plaintiff wants me to draw an
inference that JST owns it because he operates and controls it. That is an
inference that may be drawn under Singapore law in suitable circumstances. I
am not prepared to draw it when I know that the company is governed by
Indonesian law, an entirely different legal system, and there is no evidence
that Indonesian law permits such an inference. It may be that under Indonesian
law property belonging to Mdm Santosa also belongs to JST under the doctrine
of community of property, but that has not been established before me in this
case.

50 The evidence showed that JST had a consistent pattern of placing assets in
the name of Mdm Santosa. The plaintiff suspects that JST’s reason for so doing
was to ring-fence these assets from his creditors. That suspicion is not
necessarily justified: JST may have intended to protect his family in the
event of his early demise. Suspicion is an inadequate basis to hold someone
liable for contempt of court – proof beyond a reasonable doubt must be
furnished.

Summary of findings against JST

51 To summarise, I find that JST committed contempt of court when he:

(a) Did not file his Affidavit of Assets in OS 1066 within time;

(b) Failed to file any Affidavit of Assets in Suits 960 and 961;

(c) Failed to disclose:

(i) His share in Misan;

(ii) The Adelaide Bank account; and

(iii) The ANZ Bank account.

Contempt proceedings against BNK

52 BNK was involved in two proceedings, namely Suit 960 and OS 1066. The
freezing orders were served on her on two separate occasions: first by email
on 16 November 2012 and second by courier to a company in which she is a
director.

53 At the time of the hearing, BNK was about 32 years old. She is an
Indonesian citizen and at the time of the hearing, she lived mainly in Jakarta
in her parents’ house with her husband and young child. Although she was a
director of a family company, PT Indo Asia Cemerlang, her evidence was that
she hardly went to the office and spent most of her time looking after her
child. She stated that she was a director in name only and that her role was
just to sign documents on her father’s instructions.

First complaint: Delay in filing of the Affidavit of Assets

54 BNK’s Affidavit of Assets should have been filed by 23 November 2012. She
did not meet this date but asked for an extension of time to file her
affidavit on the basis that she was then living in Australia and taking care
of her new-born child. The plaintiff granted her an extension of time up to 12
December 2012. BNK neither filed her affidavit by the extended date nor asked
the court for an extension of time. She only filed her Affidavit of Assets in
each action on 26 February 2013.

55 I find that BNK is in contempt of court. Her delay was lengthy and no
acceptable reason for it was given. Although she was living in Australia then,
she was in touch with her solicitors and had been able to ask for an extension
of time. She could very well have contacted them more frequently and prepared
her affidavit earlier. Looking at the assets disclosed in the affidavits, she
would not have needed the whole of the period of almost 12 weeks that elapsed
between 12 December 2012 and 26 February 2013 to prepare her Affidavit of
Assets. Based on this alone, she breached her disclosure obligations.

Second complaint: Did BNK disclose all her assets?

56 BNK disclosed the following assets:

(a) The property known as 25 Shelford Road, #05-03 D’Chateau, Singapore
288415;

(b) An Audi S8 motor vehicle;

(c) A savings account with UOB with a balance of $19,134.16;

(d) A current account with UOB in the joint names of herself and her brother
YPA with a balance of US$7,904.48;

(e) 250 shares in PT Indonesia Cemerlang of which 50 shares had been
transferred to Mdm Santosa in July 2012;

57 The plaintiff made several complaints about alleged inadequate disclosure
by BNK. The first complaint related to a property in Perth, Australia known as
18 Mapleton Street, Stirling, 6021 Western Australia (“the Mapleton
property”). The plaintiff alleged the Mapleton property belonged to BNK and
should have been disclosed.

58 After the plaintiff raised the matter, BNK filed a further affidavit in
which she admitted that she was the registered owner of the Mapleton property
and apologised for omitting it from her Affidavit of Assets. She explained
that she did not view it as her asset because it was bought at her mother’s
behest. The Mapleton property was put in her name for convenience: she spoke
English while her mother spoke very little English. Further, her father could
not be the borrower because of his age and his heart problem. She produced a
document called a Land and Building Ownership Agreement dated 1 February 2008
entered into between herself and Mdm Santosa under which she declared that the
property belonged to Mdm Santosa and that she had no interest in it.

59 The plaintiff submitted that BNK was in fact the true owner of the Mapleton
property. This was because she was employed in JST’s company, enjoyed a
monthly salary and became the registered owner of the property. This salary
gave her the financial means to buy the house and service the loan. Further,
the purchase could have been financed by BNK’s parents or her husband on her
behalf. Her evidence was that her parents and husband support her completely
and it would be in line with their behaviour for her parents to purchase a
house for her.

60 There is no evidence that BNK had the financial means to purchase the
Mapleton property. It was purchased in early 2008 at the time when she had
just completed her university education. Although she was working for the
family company, she could not have earned very much by that time. The purchase
must have been financed by her parents. There is no reason to doubt the
authenticity of the Land and Building Ownership Agreement in respect of the
Mapleton property. It is clear from the evidence that the family policy was to
put assets in the name of Mdm Santosa and the Land and Building Ownership
Agreement is consistent with that. I find that BNK is not the beneficial owner
of the Mapleton property and she did not breach the freezing order by not
disclosing it at the beginning.

61 The plaintiff’s next complaint was that BNK had not disclosed any bank
account in Australia. When the plaintiff had voiced its suspicions regarding a
possible bank account in Australia, BNK admitted she had one. In her next
affidavit, BNK said that she believed that “as borrower” for the Mapleton
property, there might be a bank account in Australia in her name to service
the loan. However, she said that she did not have details of this account as
she was not involved in the repayment of the loan. BNK was cross-examined
about this bank account. She then confirmed that she had used the account to
fund her living expenses while she was in Australia although the main purpose
of the account was to facilitate mortgage loan repayments by her mother. She
did admit that the account had a credit balance.

62 I find that BNK breached the court order by not disclosing her bank account
in Australia and explaining how it was operated.

63 The plaintiff’s third complaint related to non-disclosure of salary and of
receipt of a sum of US$15 million which BNK had received in or about May 2011
as a result of a sale of shares by International Ferro. The complaint was
based on JST’s testimony that the sale proceeds of approximately US$30 million
had been paid to BNK and YPA equally.

64 As far as salary was concerned, BNK’s evidence was that she did not get a
regular salary. There is no evidence to contradict BNK’s assertion that she
received cash for her routine expenses as and when she required it and was not
in possession of a fixed salary.

65 As for the US$15 million, BNK was not asked about this when she appeared in
court. However, she had a joint USD account with YPA in Singapore. No
explanation was given for this account, which seems an unnecessary account
bearing in mind BNK’s lifestyle and complete dependence on her parents and
husband. In the light of JST’s evidence regarding BNK’s receipt of a
substantial sum in US$, it would appear that BNK’s disclosure in regard to the
US$ account was inadequate. I find her in breach.

Summary of findings against BNK

66 To summarise, I find that BNK committed contempt of court when she:

(a) Did not file her Affidavit of Assets in Suit 960 and OS 1066 on or before
12 December 2012;

(b) Did not disclose her bank account in Australia; and

(c) Did not make full disclosure in relation to the receipt of money from the
sale of shares by International Ferro.

Contempt proceedings against YPA

67 YPA was also involved in two proceedings, namely, Suit 960 and OS 1066. The
freezing orders were served on him by email on 16 November 2012 and by courier
to his office in Indonesia.

68 At the date of the hearing, YPA was 29 years old. He graduated with a
Bachelor of Economics degree from Curtin University in Western Australia in
2004. He then went to work for his parents. He told the court that he earned a
salary of 50 million rupiah, or about US$5,000, a month. YPA is an Indonesian
citizen.

First complaint: Delay in filing his Affidavit of Assets

69 The freezing orders were served on YPA on 16 November 2012 and he would
have been aware of his obligations on that date to file a list of his assets
by 23 November 2012. YPA did not do so but his solicitors requested an
extension of time to comply with these orders because YPA was in Indonesia. An
extension up to 12 December 2012 was granted but YPA only filed his Affidavits
of Assets in Suit 960 and OS 1066 on 26 February 2013.

70 YPA did not give any reason for his failure to comply with the orders
within the extended time limit granted by the plaintiff. The fact that he was
in Indonesia cannot constitute an excuse in view of the modern communications
facilities in place between Singapore and Indonesia. I find YPA was in breach
of the orders in failing to file his affidavits until 26 February 2013.

Second complaint: Did YPA disclose all his assets?

71 In his Affidavits of Assets, YPA disclosed the following:

(a) 750,000 shares in Tonghua;

(b) A bank account with UOB with a balance of $26,000;

(c) Joint ownership with his mother of a property known as 25 Shelford Road,
#05-06, D’Chateau, Singapore 288415;

(d) A bank account with UOB in the joint names of himself and his mother with
a balance of $28,556.28 as at August 2012 and $63,556.00 as at February 2013;

(e) A bank account with UOB in the joint names of himself and his wife with a
balance of $1,333.80;

(f) A bank account with UOB in the joint names of himself and BNK with a
balance of US$7,904.48;

(g) The property known as Jalan Kencana Indah, 1-5, Kelurahan Pondok Pinang,
Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia; and

(h) That up to July 2012, he had shares in PT Indo Asia Cemerlang but that
these shares had been transferred to Dick Tan in that month.

72 The plaintiff’s first complaint was that YPA had failed to disclose three
plots of land in Pasir Jaya Village, Jati Uwung District, Tangerang Regecy,
Banten Province, Indonesia (“Banten land”) owned by him. While he had pledged
the land to the plaintiff as security over a coal contract, he later took
steps in Indonesia to enforce his possession and ownership of the land. From
his conduct, it could not be said that he did not own the Banten land.

73 YPA submitted that he had not been in contempt by omitting to include the
Banten land as it was pledged to the plaintiff and the title deeds had been
surrendered to the plaintiff. Due to the pledge, he did not consider the
Banten land to be his. At all times, the plaintiff was aware of the Banten
land and should not complain about its non-inclusion in the affidavits. In any
case, the breach had been cured since the land had been included in the
further affidavit filed on 14 July 2013.

74 I find that YPA was in contempt in not disclosing the Banten land from the
beginning. He had agreed in cross-examination, that he had taken steps in the
Indonesian courts to cancel the pledge to the plaintiff. If he did not
consider the Banten land as his own, he would not have taken out the
Indonesian proceedings. His submission that he did not consider the land to be
his own was unmeritorious.

75 YPA submitted, in the alternative, that the plaintiff already knew about
the Banten land and the committal proceedings were being used as a tool of
oppression. However this smacks of consequentialism and is unsustainable.
Compliance with disclosure obligations does not depend on whether the
plaintiff had prior knowledge of the asset. If the court order calls for full
disclosure, then all assets have to be disclosed including those that the
plaintiff knows about.

76 The plaintiff’s second complaint was that YPA had failed to disclose his
salary. YPA testified that his salary was deposited into an account in his
wife’s name. If and when he needed money, he would ask his wife for it. Thus,
he did not have money and did not need to disclose it.

77 This submission has to be rejected. A monthly salary that is paid into a
bank account is caught by a freezing injunction as and when it is paid into
the account (see _OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP and others v Burhan Uray
(alias Wong Ming Kiong) and others_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 74 at [57]). Salary
received which remains unspent at the date of a freezing order must be
declared and the fact that for convenience it is put into some else’s account
does not mean it no longer belongs to you. YPA was able to get money back from
his wife as and when requested – she was obviously just safe-keeping it for
him.

78 The third complaint concerned the non-disclosure of the proceeds of sale of
shares by International Ferro. YPA asserted that he did not know he was paid
US$15 million from this sale. When referred to an Indonesian court action
which had been commenced in his name for the payment of the said money, he
attributed the action wholly to JST.

79 This is hard to believe. YPA has a university degree: he is a knowledgeable
man who studied in Australia and must have the ability to think for himself.
It is inconceivable that he would be unaware of the significance of court
proceedings brought in his name. At the very least, he would have been aware
of what he was suing for, even if the action was controlled by JST. He also
had a USD joint account with his sister which he failed to explain.

Summary of findings against YPA

80 To summarise, I find that YPA committed contempt of court when he:

(a) Did not file his Affidavit of Assets in Suit 960 and OS 1066 on or before
12 December 2012;

(b) Did not disclose the Banten Land;

(c) Did not disclose his accumulated salary; and

(d) Did not disclose the proceeds of share sale by International Ferro.

Sentencing

81 I now turn to establish the defendants’ culpability and the sentence that
should be meted out. In doing so, I note that it is well established that an
order for committal is a drastic remedy with criminal overtones. It is a
remedy of last resort. If there are any alternative procedures that are
available to assist with compliance, those should be sought first (_P J
Holdings Inc v Ariel Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 582 at [5]). This was
why I granted the contempnor in _Monex_ a period of time to comply with his
disclosure obligations before committing him. It is my view that both YPA and
BNK need to explain what became of the funds they received from the sale of
shares by International Ferro. Therefore, I order them to each file an
affidavit in each of S 960 and OS 1066 giving such explanation. The affidavits
shall be filed on or before Thursday 27 March 2014.

82 The usual position in sentencing for civil contempt is that if the breach
is merely a casual or accidental one with no “suggestion of contumacy”, the
penalty is an adverse costs order or an inquiry for damages (David Eady &
A.T.H. Smith, _Arlidge, Eady & Smith on Contempt_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed,
2011) at para 12-97).

83 While a custodial sentence is typically not imposed for cases of civil
contempt, this is highly dependent on the facts and sentences can range from
several days to a few months. _Cartier International B.V. v Lee Hock Lee and
another_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 340 was one such instance, and concerned the breach
of an injunction against trade mark infringement. In meting out a six month
custodial sentence, the High Court observed that the punishment of committal
was appropriate for inveterate offenders who had done their calculations and
built fines into their costs. G P Selvam JC held (at [43] – [46]) that:

43 Having taken into consideration all the facts and the submissions, I
ordered that the defendant be committed to prison for a total of six months. A
fine would not be proper because it was clear to me that the defendant had
done his calculations and had built fines into his cost. It has been said that
the purpose of legal punishment is to persuade offenders that law-breaking is
not the way to make a living. In this case the defendant was a double
antagonist in that in addition to breaking the law himself he also procured
others to do it on his behalf.

44 He employed several cohorts to divert attention from him and reduce fines.
He also had been contumelious and clever in the way he went to circumvent
orders of court. A punishment other than committal would serve no effective
and useful purpose in the case of this defendant. Finally as costs must follow
the event I ordered him to pay the costs.

84 While the defendants in this case are clearly not in the same category as
that in the case cited above, all of them, through their lateness in filing
their Affidavits of Assets and the omission of a number of assets, some on
specious grounds, had undermined the administration of justice. JST’s higher
culpability was established during cross-examination: both BNK and YPA
testified that he was the person who ultimately dictated how BNK and YPA’s
financial affairs were arranged. His attitude towards compliance with court
orders was cavalier and minimalist. If he complied with the letter of one of
the freezing orders, he certainly did not comply with its spirit.

85 YPA also did not show the required deference in respect of the court orders
binding him. Apart from his delay in filing his affidavits and his omission of
assets, his attitude was demonstrated in the nonchalant manner in which he
responded to questioning during cross-examination.

86 Compliance with the court orders should have been accomplished on 23
November 2012. The defendants took their time to file their affidavits. Even
when the affidavits were submitted, they were lacking. This caused the
plaintiff to spend time and money to take out court proceedings to secure
compliance by the defendants.

87 Although the plaintiff managed to obtain compliance by the defendants at
long last, it is my view that penalties must be imposed on the defendants.
Taking into account the relative culpability of the various defendants and the
nature of the breaches I have found, I impose a fine of $18,000 on JST, a fine
of $12,000 on YPA and a fine of $10,000 on BNK. In default of payment of the
fines, the defendants shall be committed to prison for periods of two weeks
(JST), ten days (YPA) and five days (BNK) respectively. Additionally, the
defendants shall pay the plaintiff’s costs of the contempt proceedings in this
suit and in OS 1066 on the indemnity basis. JST shall pay the plaintiff’s
costs of the contempt proceedings in Suit 961 on the indemnity basis.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Mar 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

