Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ADD _v_ ADE  
[2014] SGHC 80

Case Number| :| Divorce No 54 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal from the State
Courts No 30007 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kamalarajan Malaiyandi Chettiar (Rajan Chettiar LLC) for
the appellant; Tan Tiong Gee Andrew (Andrew Tan Tiong Gee & Co) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  ADD — ADE  
  
21 April 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal by the appellant/wife against the decision of the district
judge on 27 September 2013. The three issues on appeal are:

(a) access of the respondent to Child A;

(b) maintenance to the children; and

(c) division of the matrimonial home (5-room flat in Hougang Central).

2 The appellant was born in August 1973, and the respondent/husband in April
1961. They were married for about 15 years, from 7 July 1997 to the date of
interim judgment, 23 July 2012. They had three children of the marriage, of
which the eldest is “Child A”, born in December 2000. The other two children
were born in 2005 and 2007 respectively. During the ancillary matters hearing
on 27 September 2013, the district judge made orders regarding custody,
maintenance of the children and division of assets. I set out below the
relevant portions of that order:

(a) the parties shall have joint custody of the 3 children of the marriage,
with care and control to the appellant;

(b) the respondent be allowed reasonable access to the 3 children of the
marriage as follows:

(i) Wednesdays from 7pm to 9pm;

(ii) overnight access from Friday 7pm to Saturday 9pm; and

(iii) half of the children’s school holidays in June and December each year,
subject to the children’s schedules;

(c) the respondent be allowed access to Child A every Monday from 7pm to 9pm,
subject to her tuition and school schedules;

(d) the respondent, within 6 months of the date of extraction of the final
judgment, is to transfer all his rights, title and interest in the matrimonial
home to the appellant, upon the appellant paying a consideration equivalent to
25% of the net value of the matrimonial home (and if not transferred within 6
months, for the home to be sold within the next 6 months, with the net sale
proceeds to be divided in the proportion of 75% to the appellant and 25% to
the respondent);

(e) the respondent is to pay the appellant a sum of $1 in spousal maintenance,
with effect from 27 September 2013; and

(f) the respondent is to pay the appellant a sum of $350 for the maintenance
of each child (total sum of $1,050), with effect from 27 September 2013.

3 Before this court, the appellant argued that:

(a) the order allowing the respondent access to Child A every Monday from 7pm
to 9pm should be revoked, as it is disruptive to her studies;

(b) the order of maintenance for each child should be increased from $350 per
month to $500 per month (total sum of $1,500); and

(c) the order pertaining to the disposal of the matrimonial home should be
amended, such that rather than the appellant having to pay the respondent
consideration equivalent to 25% of the net value of the matrimonial home, the
appellant should only have to refund to the respondent’s Central Provident
Fund (“CPF”) account the amount that he had utilised for the purchase of the
property, inclusive of accrued interest.

I will deal with each of these in turn.

4 First, the appellant argued that allowing the respondent access to Child A
every Monday from 7pm to 9pm would be disruptive, as Child A usually has
tuition classes on Mondays from 7pm to 8.30pm, or from 5pm to 6.30pm,
depending on her school schedule and availability of her private tutor. In
response, counsel for the respondent highlighted that the order for Monday
access to Child A was indeed subject to tuition and school schedules, and
pointed out that the Saturday access that was granted to the respondent was
frequently denied because the appellant’s mother would take the children out
after their tuition classes on Saturday afternoon. It is not easy to determine
who was right (if there could be a right party) in this situation. For the
reasons that follow, it was not necessary for me to make a specific finding on
this issue but the parties must appreciate what the nature of an access order
is. Ultimately, the court has to decide based on the best interests and
wellbeing of the children in making such orders and would do so by getting
both parents involved in the upbringing of the children. It is important that
the child continues to interact with both parents more so than issues of
tuition schedules. I thus dismiss the appellant’s appeal on the access order,
and leave it to the parties to sort out the scheduling issues themselves, but
with liberty to apply.

5 Second, the appellant sought more “child maintenance” from the respondent.
The appellant is earning about $19,500 net per month. The respondent is
earning about $3,000 per month. The appellant is 12 years younger than the
respondent. Before the district judge, the appellant sought $800 in
maintenance per month per child, from the respondent. Her counsel later
adjusted this figure down to $500. The appellant argued that the expenses of
the three children totalled $11,460 each month. The district judge deemed this
an exorbitant figure, preferring a figure of $4,366 instead for all three
children each month, based on his calculations. The district judge ordered the
respondent to contribute $1,050 in maintenance – in total – to the three
children, as he assessed this to have been about 25% of the expenses of the
children. Before this court, the appellant did not argue that the respondent
should have to bear more than 25% of the children’s expenses. Rather, she
disagreed with the district judge’s discounting of certain items of expenses.
For instance, the district judge found that expenses for Child A’s tuition
classes was not $1,800 per month, as argued by the appellant, but rather $800.
Before me, the appellant argued that the district judge was wrong. Further,
she argued, since Child A is now in Secondary School, her classes would cost
even more – about $2,000 per month. In sum, she argued that the district judge
had failed to take into account “the financial needs of the children and the
standard of living enjoyed by the children”. These are indeed relevant factors
to take into account, but I do not see any ostensible errors in the district
judge’s account of the appellant’s alleged figure. The appellant did not seem
to dispute that the respondent was earning $3,000 per month, or that there was
indeed a significant disparity between their incomes. Given this disparity, I
dismiss the appellant’s appeal on maintenance for the children.

6 Third, the appellant argued that she should not have to pay the respondent
25% of the value of the matrimonial home – rather, she should only have to
refund the appellant’s CPF contribution plus interest. In monetary terms, this
is a difference of between $130,126.50 and $2,188.07. The district judge
arrived at the (former) figure upon having calculated that the total assets of
both parties should have been split with 17% going to the respondent and the
remainder to the appellant. To facilitate the practical dividing of assets
(and because having the respondent transfer his share to the appellant was the
option proposed by the appellant in her first affidavit of assets and means),
the district judge equated the respondent’s 17% share of the total assets to
25% of the matrimonial flat upon division, and hence made the order that the
appellant simply pay the respondent consideration amounting to this 25%,
thereby disposing of the entire matter of division of assets. This is depicted
below:

No |  Description |  Amount |  Calculation/Comment  
---|---|---|---  
1 |  Respondent’s share of total pool of assets |  17% |  District judge’s finding, based on parties’ contributions  
2 |  Total pool of assets (net) |  $975,867 |  Based on parties’ declared figures  
3 |  Respondent’s share of pool of assets |  $165,897.40 |  Fig 2 ($975,867) x Fig 1(17%), rounded up to 1 decimal place  
4 |  Respondent’s existing assets (net) in his name |  $30,891.60 |  Based on parties’ declared figures  
5 |  Amount of assets to be transferred to Respondent |  $135,005.80 |  Fig 3 ($165,897.40) – Fig 4 ($30,891.60)  
6 |  Net Value of the matrimonial flat |  $526,609.70 |  Based on parties’ declared valuation ($800,000) – current outstanding loan ($273,390.29), rounded to 1 decimal place  
7 |  Appellant’s percentage share in matrimonial flat |  25.6% |  Fig 5 ($135,005.80) / Fig 6 ($526,609.70) x 100%, rounded to 1 decimal place  
  
  

7 The district judge arrived at Figure 1 – the respondent’s share of 17% of
the total amount of assets – by attributing to the respondent 5.8% in direct
contributions to the total pool of assets and 11.2% in indirect (and other)
contributions to the marriage. Before this court, the appellant’s main dispute
was with the district judge’s finding as to the respondent’s indirect
contributions. The district judge arrived at the figure of 11.2% based on his
findings that the respondent had contributed in the following ways:

(a) payment of the full amount of the home protection scheme, totalling
$8,704.98;

(b) payments of property tax;

(c) taking care of children as house husband – and primary caregiver – with
the assistance of the domestic helper, from 2005 to 2012; and

(d) taking care of the appellant during the appellant’s maternity confinement
periods for the 2nd and 3rd children.

8 The appellant argued before me that the 11.2% figure was too high as the
district judge failed to appreciate that “there was a full time maid
throughout the duration of the marriage”. I disagree, as the district judge
had clearly articulated his awareness of the assistance the respondent
received from the domestic helper in his grounds of decision (at [27]). The
appellant also disputed the extent of the respondent’s role as a house
husband, arguing that he “did not do anything at home”, and “slept until
midday every day and was lazing and bumming around the matrimonial home”. It
is not necessary to refer to all the evidence put forward by the parties (for
example, a birthday card given by Child A to the respondent which evinces his
taking care of her when she was sick, and a text message from the appellant to
the respondent, sent on 30 March 2011, in which she mentioned “[appreciate]
you taking the role of a father though our marriage is not working out”) to
substantiate – or discredit – the extent of the respondent’s involvement in
the home. There was sufficient evidence to persuade the court below that the
respondent did indeed make indirect contributions to the family by taking care
of the children and enabling the appellant to excel in her career. I hence
dismiss the appellant’s appeal on the division of assets (and specifically,
the matrimonial home).

9 In conclusion, the appellant’s appeal is dismissed. It seemed to me that
much of the appellant’s case before me arose from a misunderstanding of the
district judge’s grounds of decision. Also, especially with regard to the
dispute over custody, the parties must remember to put the interests of their
children before all else. Notwithstanding the importance of education, I
reiterate that personal interaction between child and parent can be more
crucial than tuition classes in the development of the child. The parties must
attempt to reach a sensible balance between the two, failing which, there will
be liberty to apply to court.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

