Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mehra Radhika _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 214

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 102 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 October 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S K Kumar (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) for the appellant;
Mavis Chionh, Chee Min Ping and Joshua Lai (Attorney-General's Chambers) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Mehra Radhika — Public Prosecutor  
  
28 October 2014|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ:

Introduction

1 Under our immigration law, specifically s 57C(1) of the Immigration Act
(“Cap 133, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), it is an offence for a person to enter
into a marriage knowing or having reason to believe that the purpose of the
marriage is to assist one of the parties to the marriage to obtain an
immigration advantage, and where any sort of gratification is involved. This
offence is colloquially known as “transacting a marriage of convenience”. The
appeal before me concerned the arrangement, or assisting in the arrangement,
of a marriage of convenience, a separate offence under s 57C(2) of the Act.
Under the latter offence, there is no requirement to show that any
consideration or gratification is involved.

2 The charge levelled against the Appellant, Mehra Radhika, a 22-year old
female Indian national, was that she had committed an offence under s 57C(2)
of the Act by arranging a marriage of convenience between one Norhayati, a
female Singapore national, and one Gagandeep, a male Indian national, with the
intention of assisting Gagandeep to obtain an immigration advantage so as to
extend his stay in Singapore.

3 Although the Appellant initially claimed trial, she (later) admitted to the
Statement of Facts without qualification and pleaded guilty to the charge on
the first day of trial. She was convicted and sentenced by the learned
District Judge (“DJ”) to eight months’ imprisonment in addition to the month
or so that she had spent in remand prior to her being bailed out. The
Appellant appealed against the sentence on two grounds, the first being that
the sentence was manifestly excessive and the second being that the sentence
was arrived at by the DJ without a proper appreciation of the facts.

4 I allowed the appeal and reduced the sentence of imprisonment to six months.
These are my full grounds of decision to supplement the brief reasons I gave
when I disposed of the appeal after hearing the arguments.

Facts

Background

5 The relevant facts are set out in the Statement of Facts. The seed of the
marriage of convenience was sowed in the middle of 2012, when the Appellant
was first contacted by her brother in India and was asked for help in finding
a job for Gagandeep. In response, the Appellant suggested that Gagandeep enter
into a marriage of convenience with a female Singapore national as she thought
that that would make it easier for him to secure a work permit. His “wife”
would also be able to sponsor the extension of his stay in Singapore.

6 The Appellant then sought the assistance of her friend, one Peer Ali, in
February 2013. The Appellant discussed the following proposed terms of the
marriage of convenience with Peer Ali: (a) the “wife” would be paid a sum of
money for her involvement; (b) the “wife” would not need to fulfil any marital
obligations; and (c) the “wife” would have to sponsor Gagandeep’s application
for a Visit Pass to extend his stay in Singapore.

7 Peer Ali (evidently, through his brother) found Norhayati quite quickly.
Gagandeep arrived in Singapore shortly thereafter on 26 February 2013 and just
days later, on 2 March 2013, was brought by the Appellant to the Toa Payoh
South Community Club where his marriage to Norhayati was solemnised. After the
solemnisation, the Appellant paid Peer Ali a sum of $6,300 for his assistance.
From the Statement of Facts, it was not clear how much of this was paid to
Norhayati or if any of it was paid by Peer Ali to his brother.

8 The Appellant, along with Norhayati, Gagandeep and Peer Ali were all
subsequently arrested and charged. Norhayati and Gagandeep were charged under
s 57C(1) of the Act for entering into a marriage of convenience. Peer Ali was
charged under s 57C(2) (as was the Appellant) for arranging a marriage of
convenience. Norhayati and Gagandeep were sentenced to six months’
imprisonment each while Peer Ali was sentenced to nine months’ imprisonment.

9 For ease of reference, I set out the entirety of s 57C:

**57C**.—(1) Any person who contracts or otherwise enters into a marriage —

(_a_) knowing or having reason to believe that the purpose of the marriage is
to assist one of the parties to the marriage to obtain an immigration
advantage; and

(_b_) where any gratification, whether from a party to the marriage or another
person, is offered, given or received as an inducement or reward to any party
to the marriage for entering into the marriage,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $10,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 10 years or to
both.

(2) Any person who arranges or otherwise assists in arranging a marriage
between 2 other persons, with the intention of assisting one of the parties to
the marriage to obtain an immigration advantage, shall be guilty of an offence
and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $10,000 or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 10 years or to both.

(3) This section shall apply to a marriage entered into whether in Singapore
or outside Singapore.

(4) In any proceedings for an offence under subsection (1) or (2), it shall be
a defence for the person charged with the offence to prove that, although one
purpose of the marriage was to assist a party to the marriage to obtain an
immigration advantage, the defendant believed on reasonable grounds that the
marriage would result in a genuine marital relationship.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (4), what constitutes a genuine marital
relationship is a question of fact and the court shall have regard to all the
circumstances of the case in determining the question.

(6) In this section —

“gratification” includes —

(_a_) money or any gift, loan, fee, reward, commission, valuable security or
other property or interest in property of any description, whether movable or
immovable;

(_b_) any office, employment or contract;

(_c_) any payment, release, discharge or liquidation of any loan, obligation
or other liability whatsoever, whether in whole or in part; and

(_d_) any other service, favour or advantage of any description whatsoever;

“immigration advantage”, in relation to a party to a marriage, means the grant
or extension of the validity of any visa, pass, permit or re-entry permit
under this Act or the regulations or any order made thereunder for that party
or for a child or parent of that party.

The DJ’s decision

10 The DJ imposed what, in effect, was a nine-month term of imprisonment on
the Appellant. His reasons for doing so are contained in his judgment which is
reported as _Public Prosecutor v Mehra_ _Radhika_ [2014] SGDC 206 (the
“Judgment”). These may be summarised as follows:

(a) Section 57C of the Act was enacted in December 2012 because Parliament
recognised that targeted legislation aimed at marriages of convenience was
needed in order to safeguard the security and integrity of our borders and to
maintain law and order.

(b) As other courts have noted, marriages of convenience create serious social
and economic problems, undermine the integrity of the immigration system, and
erode the sanctity of marriage. If left unchecked, human trafficking and
transnational organised crime may be facilitated under the cloak of a marriage
of convenience.

(c) The list of precedents tendered by the Prosecution showed that similar
offences attracted between eight and 11 months’ imprisonment terms.

(d) The Appellant had initiated and facilitated the offence; in that sense,
her role was crucial. The Appellant was therefore more culpable.

(e) Peer Ali, the Appellant’s accomplice, had been sentenced to nine months’
imprisonment.

(f) The Appellant had no antecedents.

My decision

11 While I could understand the approach that had been taken by the DJ, I
considered that appellate intervention was warranted in this case because,
having regard to all the relevant factors, it was evident that the Appellant’s
sentence was manifestly excessive.

The relevant sentencing considerations

12 The DJ essentially took into account five factors:

(a) first, Parliament’s intentions behind and its reasons for enacting a
provision targeted at marriages of convenience;

(b) second, the sentencing benchmark based on sentences previously imposed for
similar offences;

(c) third, the significance of the Appellant’s role in the commission of the
offence;

(d) fourth, the Appellant’s antecedents; and finally,

(e) the sentences imposed on the others involved this matter.

13 These factors are undoubtedly relevant. But, in my judgment, they do not
provide a complete basis upon which the sentencing decision in this case
should be arrived at.

14 Some other considerations that ought to be factored into the sentencing
framework for this offence were usefully highlighted by the English Court of
Appeal in _Regina v Milusca_ _Theresita_ _Olivieira, Kingsley Jozue_ _Oramulu_
[2012] EWCA Crim 2279 (“ _Oramulu_ ”). I am grateful to Ms Mavis Chionh, the
learned Deputy Public Prosecutor, who referred me to this authority.

15 _Oramulu_ was a consolidated appeal brought against two separate decisions
that were related in that both concerned the English equivalent of a marriage
of convenience.

16 In the first case, Olivieira, a female Dutch national, and Oramulu, a male
Nigerian national, had carried out an elaborate plan which culminated in a
ceremony of marriage in 2007 that provided Oramulu with a lawful basis for
residing in the United Kingdom. Over the next three or four years, Oramulu
sent payments totalling about £3,600 to Olivieira. In 2011, the police
discovered that Oramulu was living alone. While the police found no sign that
Olivieira was living with Oramulu, they did find a bag containing, amongst
other things, a photocopy of Olivieira’s Dutch identity card, the couple’s
marriage certificate, Olivieira’s driving licence and some wedding
photographs. These were documents that could be used to substantiate the
marriage, at least superficially, if the need arose.

17 The second case before the court in _Oramulu_ involved a male Czech
national, Cina. Over a period of 15 months, Cina recruited five different
Czech women and made arrangements for them to enter into marriages of
convenience with Nigerian men who wished to evade immigration controls and
acquire rights of movement, residence and employment associated with marriage
to a European Union (“EU”) national. Cina’s fees for his services ranged from
£4,000 to £5,000 for each case. The women were promised something in the order
of £2,000, although in at least two cases, Cina cheated the women, underpaying
them by £1,500 and £1,100. There was also evidence that whenever the Czech
women had second thoughts, Cina would prevail upon them to carry out the plan
to fruition. In one instance, there was reasonably clear evidence of undue
pressure bordering on a threat being exerted on one of the women who was told,
amongst other things, that if she did not comply, she might expect trouble
from some Nigerians who might visit her at home.

18 Cina, Oramulu and Olivieira were all charged with and convicted of an
offence under s 25 of the Immigration Act 1971 (c 77) which provides that a
person commits an offence if he:

(a) does an act which facilitates the commission of a breach of immigration
law by an individual who is not a citizen of the EU,

(b) knows or has reasonable cause for believing that the act facilitates the
commission of a breach of immigration law by the individual, and

(c) knows or has reasonable cause for believing that the individual is not a
citizen of the EU.

19 Oramulu and Olivieira were both sentenced to three and a half years’
imprisonment. Although Cina pleaded guilty – unlike Oramulu and Olivieira – he
was sentenced to a longer imprisonment term of five years. The question before
the English Court of Appeal was whether there was any merit in their
respective appeals against sentence.

20 Cina’s appeal was dismissed. Although the court noted that his sentence was
“significantly long”, it was nonetheless considered appropriate given, in
particular, the fact that he had actively recruited the women to participate
in his criminal enterprise; and had not only exerted pressure on them but had
also exploited them. Consideration was also given to the fact that he ran a
sophisticated operation and carried out multiple transactions; and the
entirety of his enterprise was driven by the pursuit of profit.

21 Oramulu and Olivieira, on the other hand, had their imprisonment sentence
reduced to thirty months. The court noted that theirs was a single transaction
which was not part of a commercial operation; and although the marriage was
not motivated by family loyalty, friendship or other non-commercial motives,
and had been done for money alone, there was no element of exploitation by
either party. Oramulu and Olivieira’s offence thus fell within the normal
sentencing range for such offences which was 18 months’ to three years’
imprisonment.

22 It should also be noted that the court was alive to the evolution of the
legislation proscribing such marriages of convenience. The statutory maximum
for the offence had been increased _twice_ in the preceding years – from seven
to ten years’ imprisonment in 1999, and then to 14 years’ imprisonment in
2003. There was no question, according to the court, of the “significance
which Parliament attaches to these offences” and sentencing must respond to
this Parliamentary signal.

Applicable sentencing framework for such offences

23 In my judgment, the factors considered by the DJ, together with the
considerations that figured in _Oramulu_ , reflect an appropriate sentencing
framework that ought to apply to an offence under s 57C(2) of the Act. In
summary and broadly speaking, the factors which are relevant for the purpose
of sentencing are:

(a) the circumstances of the offence; and

(b) the particular role and the motivation of the offender.

24 In my judgment, the relevant factors to be considered in relation to the
circumstances of the commission of the offence are:

(a) whether the offence was committed in circumstances that reveal that active
steps were taken in an attempt to avoid detection of the offence; and

(b) whether the offence was a one-off incident or part of a wider illicit
commercial operation.

25 Relevant factors to be considered in relation to the role and motivation of
the offender are

(a) the specific role played by offender;

(b) the specific motive with which the offender committed the offence;

(c) whether the offender had recruited accomplices to assist in the commission
of the offence; and

(d) whether the offender had pressured or exploited any of the other parties
involved in the marriage of convenience.

26 Some of these factors are of general application while others are specific
to the offence at hand. Aside from these, it will of course be relevant to
have regard to matters such as the offender’s antecedents as well as any other
aggravating or mitigating factors.

Legislative intention behind s 57C of the Act

(1) General principle

27 Legislative intention is relevant to and influences sentencing in various
ways. As a generally operative background factor, if Parliament has increased
the punishment for an offence on the basis that the mischief in question was
becoming more serious and needed to be arrested, as was the case in _Oramulu_
, the courts would not be acting in concert with the legislative intent if
they fail to have regard to this in developing the appropriate sentencing
framework or if they nonetheless err on the side of leniency in sentencing.

28 Legislative intention is also relevant in the assessment of the
appropriateness of a sentence for an offence that has a statutorily prescribed
range of sentences. In _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor_ [2006]
4 SLR(R) 653, V K Rajah J (as he then was), when meting out a sentence that
was close to the statutory maximum, observed thus (at [87]):

If a particular criminal provision prescribes a maximum sentence that seems
unduly light or lenient in relation to the potential seriousness of offences
that fall under it, meting out a near-maximum sentence is not warranted unless
it is demonstrated by the prosecution that that particular offence figures
among the worst type of cases _falling within that prohibition_. **_Thus,
there must be a sense that the sentence is proportionate not only to the
culpability of the offender but also in the context of the legislative
scheme_**. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

29 The principle is that the court should consider the range of conduct that
may be captured at either end of the sentencing range before considering where
in that spectrum falls the particular conduct that is at issue in the case
before it. In short, the culpability of the offender cannot be assessed in a
vacuum.

(2) Relevance of legislative intention to the present case

30 As the DJ noted in his Judgment, s 57C of the Act was enacted to
specifically target marriages of convenience. Section 57C took effect on 19
December 2012 pursuant to the Immigration (Amendment) Bill that was passed on
13 August 2012. There was little elaboration on the overall object of enacting
a specific provision targeting marriages of convenience. All that the Second
Minister for Home Affairs, Mr S Iswaran, explained when introducing the Bill
during the Second Reading was that the new law carried with it “stiff
penalties [which] will serve as a strong deterrent” (_Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (13 August 2012) vol 89 (“ _Hansard_ ”) at p 2).
Reference was also made to the existence of similar legislation in the United
States and Australia.

31 In expressly acknowledging that there was “no specific law against
marriages of convenience” at that time (_Hansard_ at p 2), and by enacting
such a law, the Second Reading speech suggests that the position at law prior
to the enactment of s 57C of the Act was deficient and needed to be addressed
in order to keep up with the changing immigration landscape.

32 Prior to the enactment of s 57C, transacting a marriage of convenience was
not an offence _per se_ , but acts associated with a marriage of convenience
were frequently prosecuted under one of two pieces of legislation: s 5(_b_)(i)
of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, Rev Ed 1993) or s 57(1)(_k_) of
the Act. These two provisions were generic provisions, in that they
respectively targeted all types of corrupt acts and all false declarations
made for the purpose of obtaining an immigration advantage. Punishment for
corruption is a fine of up to $100,000 or imprisonment of up to five years or
both. Punishment for a false declaration is a fine of up to $4,000 or
imprisonment of up to 12 months or both.

33 There are a number of significant differences between the old position and
the current position under s 57C of the Act. The current position, which is
specifically targeted at marriages of convenience, draws a distinction between
an offence committed by the parties to the marriage of convenience and an
offence by a person who assisted in the arrangement of such a marriage. After
the enactment of s 57C, as I have already noted, parties to the marriage of
convenience are convicted of an offence under s 57C(1) while persons who
assisted with the arrangement of the marriage of convenience are convicted of
an offence under s 57C(2).

34 The punishment regimes are also different. Under both ss 57C(1) and (2) of
the Act, which carry the same punishment, an offender is liable to a fine of
up to $10,000 or imprisonment of up to 10 years or both. When compared to the
generic offence of false declaration under s 57(1)(_k_), the punishment for
entering into or otherwise arranging a marriage of convenience was
significantly increased in severity. In particular, the maximum imprisonment
sentence was increased ten-fold. When compared to the punishment for
corruption, the maximum fine is lower but the imprisonment term was doubled.
On the whole, there can be no doubt that the punishment regime applicable to
these targeted offences is considerably more severe than was the case when
offenders were charged with the generic offences of making a false declaration
or of corruption. This is unsurprising and coheres with the stated legislative
objective of creating a strong deterrent against transacting marriages of
convenience.

35 Thus, it can safely be concluded that Parliament had intended, through the
enactment of s 57C of the Act and the enhanced punishment that was provided
for under that section, to signal that marriages of convenience had become a
sufficiently pressing issue that needed direct attention and deterrence
through a targeted regime.

Circumstances of the commission of the offence

36 In the analysis that follows, I address only the offence of assisting in
the arrangement of a marriage of convenience, that is, an offence under s
57C(2) of the Act.

(1) Attempting to prevent detection of the offence

37 An offence committed in circumstances which were designed to prevent
detection is a well-established aggravating factor. It has particular
significance in the context of s 57C(2) of the Act because of the deliberate
legislative intention behind enacting a targeted provision in the Act to deal
with marriages of convenience.

38 If the arranger has taken active steps to prevent the detection of the
offence or has put in place measures designed to deceive an inquisitive third
party into thinking that the marriage is legitimate, that could be an
aggravating factor that warrants a more severe sentence.

39 This is a function of the amount of planning that has gone into the
commission of the offence (see _Public Prosecutor v Fernando Payagala_
_Waduge_ _Malitha Kumar_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 334 at [42]). However, it is
important to recognise that evidence of planning, on its own, does not always
justify a harsher sentence.

40 Rather, planning is typically considered an aggravating factor when it
points to the existence of a _considered_ intention to perpetrate the offence
which in turn justifies a harsher sentence. Intention, in the context of
sentencing, is important. At one end of the spectrum are offences which have
been planned with deliberation; on the other end are those which are the
result of a “spur of the moment” decision (see Andrew Ashworth, _Sentencing
and Criminal Justice_ (Cambridge University Press, 5th Ed, 2010) (“
_Sentencing and Criminal Justice_ ”) at p 148).

41 The law generally imposes a more severe punishment on an offender who has
planned the commission of the offence with great deliberation than one who has
committed the offence on a spur of the moment because the former is deemed to
possess a greater commitment to the criminal enterprise than the latter. As
Professor Andrew Ashworth explains in _Sentencing and Criminal Justice_ at p
164:

A person who plans a crime is generally more culpable, because the offence is
premeditated and the offender is therefore more fully confirmed in his
criminal motivation than someone who acts on impulse, since he is more
considered in his lawbreaking…

42 However, it bears noting that premeditation and planning are actually two
distinct concepts even though they overlap; a premeditated offence need not
have very much planning but a planned offence is usually premeditated.

43 This distinction is an important one because it brings out the point that
in some instances, evidence of planning, though indicative of premeditation,
might not in itself justify a harsher sentence. To take the example at hand,
it is inherent in the offence of arranging a marriage of convenience that
there will have been some degree of premeditation. It will generally not be an
offence that happens on the spur of the moment. The arranger must have formed
an earlier intention to arrange the marriage of convenience. But where active
steps have been taken to attempt to conceal the detection of the marriage or a
notable degree of planning has gone into the offence, it suggests that the
criminal intent is more directed and the commitment to the offence greater and
this is what calls for a harsher sentence.

(2) Single incident or an illicit commercial operation

44 There is a fundamental difference between an offence that is committed as a
one-off incident and one that is part of a wider illicit commercial operation.

45 It is self-evidently the case, at least as a general proposition, that a
one-off incident of arranging a marriage of convenience is likely to cause
less harm than one effected as part of a commercial operation. By its very
nature, a commercial operation is designed to bring about continuity of
“business”, in this context, the arranging of marriages of convenience. At the
very least, in contrast with an offender who only commits the offence as a
one-off incident, the reach or at least the potential reach of a commercial
operation is far greater, and consequently, far more deleterious. It is this
consequence that needs to be especially punished and deterred and which
therefore justifies a harsher sentence.

Role and motivation of the arranger

46 The factors relating to the role and motivation of an arranger are relevant
to his culpability. The importance of each individual factor, and the
interplay between factors, will vary from case to case. Notwithstanding the
potential variation, there are some general principles that ought to apply in
every case.

(1) The specific role played by the offender

47 It is self-evident that the particular role played by the offender will be
relevant to his culpability. At one end of the spectrum, the offender may be
the mastermind or moving force of a major illicit commercial enterprise. At
the other end, the offender may have been acting under extreme pressure or
have played a purely ancillary role.

48 This will be a fact-specific inquiry but as a general principle, the more
important and intensive the role of the arranger is, and the greater the scale
of the enterprise is, the more severe the punishment should be.

(2) The offender’s profit motivation

49 It is not a requirement of the offence that the arranger must profit from
arranging the marriage of convenience. The key element is simply that there
must be assistance in arranging a marriage of convenience, knowing that the
marriage is to enable one of the parties to the marriage to obtain an
immigration advantage. This is unlike the position in relation to the offence
of entering into a marriage of convenience under s 57C(1) of the Act, where
financial gratification is a necessary element of the offence.

50 Offenders may commit such offences driven by various considerations
including, for instance, a misguided desire to assist a friend or relative as
was noted in _Oramulu_ (at [22]). Although the absence of a dishonourable
motivation is not a mitigating factor, its presence would be an aggravating
factor. Indeed, the lack of a profit motive would tend to militate against the
likelihood of the offence being repeated.

51 For this reason, there is enhanced culpability where the arranger is
motivated by any form of financial gain or benefit, and this should be
accompanied with a harsher sentence. As a general proposition, the greater the
reward received, the greater the punishment ought to be.

52 In addition, where there is an element of financial reward, a fine should
be imposed in addition to any term of imprisonment. In _Poh Boon Kiat v Public
Prosecutor_ [2014] SGHC 186, in relation to vice offences, I observed (at
[102]) that fines should be imposed in such cases to annul or negate any
financial advantage that might have been obtained through the commission of
the offence.

(3) Recruiting other accomplices

53 There are a number of ways in which accomplices may be recruited by an
arranger. For instance, a “spouse” may be recruited to transact the marriage
of convenience, which was what happened in the second of the two cases in
_Oramulu_ , where Cina had recruited the Czech women to be the spouses in the
marriage of convenience. In this situation, the arranger’s recruitment of the
“spouse” should not be an aggravating factor because the procurement of a
“spouse” is a key element of brokering a marriage of convenience.

54 However, any other form of recruitment beyond recruiting the “spouse” could
well be an aggravating factor. Thus, it would be an aggravating factor if the
arranger recruits others to procure the “spouse” or to provide assistance on
other operational aspects of the criminal endeavour.

55 In general, an arranger who has recruited more people to participate in the
criminal enterprise should be given a harsher sentence than one who has not
done so or who has extended the involvement of others to a lesser degree.

(4) Exploitation

56 Exploitation and the application of pressure are, without doubt,
aggravating factors. Indeed, as a general point, I would regard these as
seriously aggravating factors that would warrant a significantly longer term
of imprisonment

57 The manifest disregard of the rights and interests of others for the sole
purpose of benefiting oneself is an aggravating factor because it accentuates
and builds on the primary criminal conduct, in this case, the arranging the
marriage of convenience. In such circumstances, there will almost always be a
monetary inducement that drives the commission of the offence. The additional
harm inflicted by the arranger on others to increase his own gain warrants a
stiffer sentence.

Crossing the custodial threshold

58 There is a wide range of permissible punishments for this offence beginning
with a fine and extending to a term of imprisonment of up to 10 years. The
custodial threshold will generally be crossed where any of the factors listed
above are present, namely:

(a) if active steps were taken to conceal the offence;

(b) if the offender played a major role in the commission of the offence as
opposed to a minor or merely ancillary role;

(c) if the offence was committed as part of a commercial enterprise that was
active in the commission of such crimes as opposed to being a one-off
incident;

(d) if the offender was motivated by profit, in which case a fine should
additionally be imposed;

(e) if the offender has recruited others (beside the “spouse”) in the course
of committing the offence; and

(f) if there has been any exploitation or pressure applied to any of the
participants involved in the commission of the offence.

59 Each of these factors may vary in severity but on the face of it, I would
regard items (c) and (f) above as seriously aggravating considerations that in
themselves may warrant a significantly longer term of imprisonment.

Application of the sentencing considerations to the Appellant

60 I have outlined six aggravating factors that are relevant to the offence of
arranging or assisting in the arrangement of a marriage of convenience. I
reiterate that these are non-exhaustive and further, that it goes without
saying that all the circumstances of the case will have to be balanced.

61 In this case, I note that there were no factors agitating for an unusually
stiff sentence. This was a one-off incident committed to facilitate a
sibling’s desire to help a friend. The Appellant’s mode of arrangement was
basic. It is true that she initiated the idea of securing a marriage of
convenience, approached Peer Ali and finally brought Gagandeep to the
solemnisation venue. But none of this detracted from the fact that she was
essentially following through on a scheme to help her brother’s friend. More
importantly these factors went to the question of her role in this incident,
to which I now turn.

62 I had no difficulty accepting as a matter of principle, the DJ’s finding
that the Appellant’s role was significant.

63 The question, having regard to the whole range of sentencing options
available, was what would be the appropriate sentence to reflect the
Appellant’s overall level of culpability? In my judgment the aggravating
considerations in this case were the following:

(a) The Appellant initiated and suggested that Gagandeep enter into a marriage
of convenience. She was initially approached for help in securing a job for
him but she opted for a wholly unwise and illegal course (see [58(b)] above);
and

(b) She recruited Peer Ali and paid him a considerable sum knowing that he
would involve another person, who as it eventually turned out was the
“spouse”, Norhayati (see [58(e)] above).

64 As against this, there appears to have been no exploitation of any of the
parties. Moreover, as I have noted, this was a one-off incident and the
offence was committed by the Appellant at least, not for any gain but in an
ill-conceived attempt to accede to her brother’s request for assistance.

65 In the circumstances, the aggravating factors present were sufficient to
cross the threshold warranting a custodial sentence. However, I did not think
that the circumstances were so exceptional as to call for the imposition of a
sentence longer than six months, having regard to the fact that the range
extended to a term of imprisonment of up to 10 years.

Mitigating factors

66 It would have been apparent from the above that there were no relevant
mitigating factors that operated in favour of the Appellant. The Appellant’s
counsel, Mr S K Kumar, submitted that the medical report obtained by the
Appellant showed that she suffered from depression, and that she had only
agreed to arrange the marriage of convenience because she felt obliged to
assist her brother.

67 In my judgment there was no merit in this at all. In the first place, the
medical report read more like a fact-finding report than a professional
medical opinion. The portion dealing with the Appellant’s supposed medical
condition was much briefer than the lengthy portion where the doctor set out
the background facts, seemingly in an attempt to give the reader of the report
a detailed account of what factually transpired in terms that were exceedingly
favourable to the Appellant.

68 Moreover, not only was the report patently lacking in objectivity, it was
plainly erroneous in stating that the Appellant had been “used in a marriage
for visa scam without her knowledge.” This was simply incorrect. The Appellant
knew what she was doing. Either the doctor was told of the wrong facts and had
not bothered to check them even cursorily or he had misunderstood the facts.
On either basis it militated against any weight being given to the medical
report. I digress to repeat the observation that experts owe their duty first
and foremost to the court and not to the client who pays their fee. The doctor
in this case did himself no credit because he did not give me the sense that
he had even a basic conception of the responsibility he owed the court when he
put himself forward as an expert.

69 Moreover, the report concluded that depression set in on the Appellant
“after her arrest”. In so far as the medical report was tendered for the
purposes of mitigation, I did not see how any depression after the offence
could mitigate the Appellant’s culpability. As I pointed out to Mr Kumar in
the course of arguments, many offenders who have been apprehended and face the
prospect of a term of imprisonment for breaking the law may feel depressed.
This cannot possibly be a mitigating consideration.

Sentencing precedents

70 For completeness, I should comment on the sentencing precedents briefly
because the DJ placed considerable reliance on the sentence of nine months’
imprisonment that was imposed on Peer Ali as well as the other sentencing
precedents provided by the Prosecution.

71 As regards Peer Ali, although he was party to the same transaction as the
Appellant, the principle of parity of sentencing ought not to be applied
blindly, without regard to the degree of culpability of each individual
offender in committing the offending acts. I emphasised this recently in
_Public Prosecutor v Marzuki bin Ahmad and another appeal_ [2014] SGHC 166 at
[45].

72 To the extent that Ms Chionh pressed me to apply the principle of parity in
this case, I disagreed that this was appropriate in the present circumstances.
What distinguished Peer Ali from the Appellant was that Peer Ali’s
participation in the criminal endeavour was driven purely by monetary gain
which, at least relative to the Appellant’s motivation, reflected a greater
degree of culpability. As mentioned above at [51] to [52], a harsher sentence
is warranted where monetary profit is the motivation for the offence.

73 As for the other sentencing precedents, it is important to divide them into
two groups. The first group comprises cases decided prior to the enactment of
s 57C of the Act. In the light of the differences between the regime then and
the regime now under s 57C (see [32]–[35] above), it goes without saying that
the sentencing precedents under the old regime cannot be of assistance.

74 As to the second group of cases, namely, those prosecuted under s 57C(2) of
the Act, aside from the case involving Peer Ali, there were six others in the
list of precedents included in Ms Chionh’s written submissions. Of the six,
the arrangers in four were sentenced to nine months’ imprisonment and the
remaining two to 10 months’ imprisonment.

75 I note that the four arrangers sentenced to nine months’ imprisonment had
profited from the endeavour while the two arrangers sentenced to 10 months’
imprisonment do not appear from the Statement of Facts to have so profited.
However, as the decisions in the latter two cases are unreported, and no
judgment of the district court is available, it would be inappropriate for me
to rely on the decisions in those cases.

76 The only case amongst the six that is reported is _Public Prosecutor v Tay
Szu_ _Khee_ [2014] SGDC 52 where the arranger was sentenced to nine months’
imprisonment. There, the arranger who recruited one other person (aside from
the “spouse”) was involved in the operational aspects of the arrangement and
made a profit of $2,000 from his crime. In my view, applying the sentencing
considerations that I have set out above, the fact that the offender in that
case committed the offence solely for profit distinguished that case from the
present.

Conclusion

77 For these reasons, I allowed the appeal and set aside the DJ’s sentence of
eight months’ imprisonment in favour of a term of imprisonment of six months.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Oct 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

