Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Xia Zhengyan _v_ Geng Changqing  
[2014] SGHC 152

Case Number| :| Suit No 346 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 July 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chia Boon Teck & Wong Kai Yun (Chia Wong LLP) for the
plaintiff; Ng Kim Beng & Cynthea Zhou (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Xia Zhengyan — Geng Changqing  
  
30 July 2014|  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 This suit concerned a share transfer agreement (“the Agreement”) under which
the Plaintiff agreed to purchase certain shares from the Defendant for $1.5m.
The Plaintiff claimed that the Defendant had:

(a) breached the Agreement by failing to transfer certain shares to Plaintiff;
and

(b) made various misrepresentations which induced the Plaintiff to pay $1.5m
for the shares even though they were in fact worth far less.

2 The Defendant denied the Plaintiff’s claims and counterclaimed for:

(a) an order that the Plaintiff deposit a sum of $300,000 into the parties’
joint account, which was withdrawn by the Plaintiff in breach of the
Agreement; and

(b) an order for the Agreement to be rectified in order to correct certain
alleged drafting mistakes.

3 On 9 June 2014, I dismissed the Plaintiff’s claim and allowed the
Defendant’s counterclaim in large part. I now give my reasons.

The facts

4 The Plaintiff is a Singapore Permanent Resident from China. She is a
homemaker with a background in business and teaching, and holds a master’s
degree in education from the University of Cardiff.

5 The Defendant was a Singapore Permanent Resident from China until late 2012
when she became a Singapore Citizen. She is the founder of Apple Plus School
International Pte Ltd (“the Company”). The Company entered into franchise
agreements with the following registered companies (“the Franchisees”) to
operate education centres under the name of “Apple Plus School”:

(a) Apple Plus School (Tampines) Pte Ltd;

(b) Apple Plus School (Bukit Timah) Pte Ltd;

(c) Apple Plus School (Serangoon) Pte Ltd;

(d) Apple Plus School (Thomson) Pte Ltd; and

(e) Apple Plus Sdn Bhd registered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

6 The Company did not own any shares in the Franchisees. Instead, under the
franchise agreements, the Franchisees would pay the Company a fee in return
for the training, materials and teaching and operation support provided by the
Company. The Defendant owned shares in the Franchisees as follows:

(a) 25% of Apple Plus School (Tampines) Pte Ltd;

(b) 26% of Apple Plus School (Bukit Timah) Pte Ltd;

(c) 25% of Apple Plus School (Serangoon) Pte Ltd (subsequently sold by the
Defendant on 22 October 2012);

(d) 25% of Apple Plus School (Thomson) Pte Ltd; and

(e) 50% of Apple Plus Sdn Bhd.

7 Separately, the Defendant is also the sole proprietor of the unincorporated
entity known as Apple Plus School (“APS”). The Company is the registered
proprietor of the trademarks “Apple Plus School” and “Monkey Abacus” in
Singapore, while APS is the registered proprietor of the same trademarks in
Malaysia.

8 On 22 September 2011, the Defendant met the Plaintiff at an event held at
the Serangoon branch of Apple Plus School organised for people who had
previously expressed interest in investing in the Apple Plus School franchise
business. At that meeting, the Plaintiff informed the Defendant that she was
not interested in entering into a franchise agreement with the Company but
wanted to invest in the Company itself. The Defendant indicated that she was
open to taking on the Plaintiff as a business partner in the Company, and the
Plaintiff said that she would contact the Defendant again.

9 Between late September and mid-October 2011, the Plaintiff visited her
family in China and consulted them about investing in the Defendant’s
business. After the Plaintiff returned to Singapore, she met with the
Defendant on 17 October 2011 at the Grand Hyatt Hotel to discuss the form and
terms of the investment. The next day, the Defendant sent an email[note: 1] to
the Plaintiff requesting the following information:

(a) the Company’s general operation profile;

(b) the patents and qualifications that the Company held;

(c) the Company’s current financial report; and

(d) the Company’s future business plans.

10 The Defendant replied on 20 October 2011 stating that it was difficult for
her to provide the documents requested by the Plaintiff because the Company
was still in a loss-making state. Nonetheless, she attached a report (“the
Report”) to her email which:

(a) set out her shareholdings in the Company and the Franchisees;

(b) made reference to collaborations with four PAP Community Foundation
(“PCF”) kindergartens and three private nurseries;

(c) described the Company’s business development plans in Singapore, Malaysia,
Indonesia, Australia, China and the Philippines; and

(d) stated that the Defendant was in the process of registering patents in
Indonesia, Australia, China and the Philippines.

11 The Plaintiff replied the next day noting that the report contained no
relevant data and that the situation was “somewhat special”, but nonetheless
promised to get back to the Defendant after deliberations with her investment
associates.[note: 2]

12 There were conflicting accounts between the Plaintiff and the Defendant on
what happened next. The Defendant said that a meeting occurred on 1 November
2011 at the Grand Mercure Roxy Hotel whereby she agreed to sell half of her
shares in the Company to the Plaintiff for $1.5m,[note: 3] but the Plaintiff
denied that that meeting occurred.[note: 4] Instead, the Plaintiff averred
that a meeting took place at Parkway Parade in mid-November 2011,[note: 5]
with the price for the sale of shares being agreed sometime between mid- and
end-November 2011 (after the Parkway Parade meeting).[note: 6] A number of
further meetings and correspondences _via_ email, telephone and text messages
ensued between the parties, during which the Defendant sent the Plaintiff a
draft memorandum of understanding (“MOU”) and the parties went through several
draft sale and purchase agreements. I will examine these communications in
further detail later where they are relevant to the issues raised in this
case.

13 Eventually, the parties signed a Chinese version of the Agreement on 17
January 2012, and an English translated version of the Agreement on 20 January
2012. The relevant portions of the English version are reproduced below:

Both parties have, upon consultation, entered into the following agreement in
respect of the transfer of shares in Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd
(hereinafter referred to as Company).

1\. Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, [the Defendant] shall transfer
the 50% share in Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd (_specifically
including 50% share in Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd, 50% share in
Apple Plus School including trade mark and_** _patent_** _of Apple Plus School
and Monkey Abacus, 12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Tampines) Pte Ltd, 13%
share in Apple Plus School (Bukit Timah) Pte Ltd, 12.5% share in Apple Plus
School (Serangoon) Pte Ltd, 12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Thomson) Pte Ltd
and 25% share in Apple Plus School (Malaysia)_) held by her to [the Plaintiff]
in accordance with the provisions of the law.

2\. [The Plaintiff] agrees to accept the shares to be transferred, the
transfer price shall be SGD1,500,000 (Singapore Dollar one and a half
million), [the Plaintiff] shall, upon the successful transfer of the shares,
enjoy the corresponding rights and interests accorded to a shareholder under
the transferred shares and shall assume the corresponding obligations.

3\. Mode of payment, time and supplementary notes: [The Plaintiff] to pay in
cash (by cheque) in 3 installments, specific dates as follows:

(1) Before 31 January 2012, SGD500,000 (Singapore Dollar half a million) (of
which SGD200,000 shall be placed in the Company’s account and to be used for
the Company’s operations; payment of SGD100,000 to be made on the date of
signing of the Agreement).

(2) Before 30 April 2012, SGD500,000 (Singapore Dollar half a million).

(3) Before 30 June 2012, SGD500,000 (Singapore Dollar half a million) (of
which SGD300,000 is to be deposited into a bank account that requires the
joint signatures of [the Defendant] and [the Plaintiff] for withdrawals. And
if within 2 years from the effective date of this Agreement, (January 2012 to
January 2014), total bonus received by [the Plaintiff], excluding salary,
exceeds SGD500,000, all monies in the joint account shall be given to [the
Defendant] unconditionally; if within 4 years from the effective date of this
Agreement, (January 2012 to January 2016), total bonus received by [the
Plaintiff], excluding salary, does not exceed SGD500,000, all monies in the
joint account shall be given to [the Plaintiff] unconditionally).

4\. Creation of Shareholder: Upon [the Plaintiff’s] payment of the 2nd
instalment to [the Defendant], i.e. after 30 April 2012, [the Plaintiff] shall
be accorded the status of a shareholder and shall become an official
shareholder of the Company. The relevant formalities for registration of
changes shall be completed within 15 days.

5\. Rights and obligations

(1) Within 6 months from the date of signing this Agreement, [the Defendant]
shall be responsible for the Company’s major decisions while [the Plaintiff]
shall participate in its management; after the 6-month period, [the Defendant]
and [the Plaintiff] shall be jointly involved in the Company’s decision-making
process and management.

(2) [The Plaintiff] shall from the day she becomes the Company’s shareholder,
be jointly responsible with [the Defendant] for the Company’s profits and
losses.

6\. Warranties, Undertakings and Force Majeure

(1) [The Defendant] warrants that she has full disposition rights in respect
of the transfer of the Company’s shares (no mortgage, pledge or security
created and exempted from any 3rd party claims), otherwise, all liabilities
arising thereof shall be borne by [the Defendant].

(2) A franchisee currently in operation shall continue to operate as per the
agreement entered into with the Company, the signing of this Agreement shall
in no way affect the operations of the franchisee.

…

7\. Dispute Resolution

...

(2) Both parties agree that for the period between the signing of the
Agreement to the time [the Plaintiff] becomes a shareholder officially, if
[the Defendant] refuses to transfer the shares to [the Plaintiff], [the
Defendant] must return all monies paid by [the Plaintiff] within 1 month and
to pay [the Plaintiff] a sum of SGD100,000 in penalty.

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

14 The Plaintiff paid the two instalments under clauses 3(1) and 3(2) of the
Agreement according to the schedule stipulated in the Agreement and started
working at the Company on 2 February 2012. On 7 June 2012, the Defendant
effected the transfer of 50% of her shares in the Company to the Plaintiff and
also appointed the Plaintiff as a director of the Company. On 30 June 2012,
the Plaintiff issued a cheque for $200,000 to the Defendant, and on 4 July
2012 they opened a joint time deposit bank account (“the Joint Account”) into
which the Plaintiff deposited $300,000 (“the Deposit”) for a term of 12
months.

15 Unfortunately, the parties’ working relationship quickly soured, with the
Plaintiff becoming disenchanted with the state of the Company’s business and
the Defendant becoming dissatisfied with the Plaintiff’s job performance.
After a series of disputes, they started to explore the possibility of a
buyout by one party of the other’s shares or a sale of all their shares to a
third party. However, no third party could be found and they were unable to
agree on the price for a buyout – the Defendant offered to purchase the
Plaintiff’s shares for $850,000, but this was rejected by the Plaintiff, who
wanted at least $1m for them.

16 On 21 June 2013, the Plaintiff commenced the present action against the
Defendant. On 4 July 2013, the Deposit was credited into the Plaintiff’s
account upon maturity of the time deposit, and the Plaintiff refused to
transfer it back into the Joint Account.

The Plaintiff’s case

17 The Plaintiff submitted that under clause 1 of the Agreement, the Defendant
was required to transfer not just 50% of her shares in the Company, but also
the following:

(a) 50% share in APS including the trademark and patent of Apple Plus School
and Monkey Abacus;

(b) 12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Tampines) Pte Ltd;

(c) 13% share in Apple Plus School (Bukit Timah) Pte Ltd;

(d) 12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Serangoon) Pte Ltd;

(e) 12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Thomson) Pte Ltd; and

(f) 25% share in Apple Plus School (Malaysia).

Since the Defendant had failed to transfer the above shares, the Plaintiff
argued that she was in breach of contract and was liable to pay liquidated
damages of $1.6m pursuant to clause 7(2) of the Agreement or, alternatively,
damages to be assessed.

18 The Plaintiff further alleged that the Defendant had made a large number of
fraudulent misrepresentations to induce the Plaintiff into signing the
Agreement, and sought damages for fraudulent misrepresentation or
alternatively damages for misrepresentation under s 2 of the Misrepresentation
Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed). In particular, the Plaintiff argued that the
Defendant had falsely claimed that APS owned the patent to the “Monkey Abacus”
abacus system when in fact the patent was owned by a Taiwanese company.

The Defendant’s case

19 The Defendant submitted that there was never any intention or agreement for
the Plaintiff to acquire any legal title to the shares in the Franchisees. She
further averred that she had mistakenly used the Chinese term for the word
“patent” in drafting the Agreement, when in fact she had meant “trademark”.
Hence, the parties’ common intention at all material times was that upon the
transfer of 50% of the Plaintiff’s shares in the Company to the Defendant, the
Defendant would receive the benefit of 50% of the Defendant’s personal
interests in the Franchisees and the trademarks of “Apple Plus School” and
“Monkey Abacus”.

20 With respect to the claim in misrepresentation, the Defendant contended
that she had never made the misrepresentations alleged by the Plaintiff, and
that even if those misrepresentations were made, the Plaintiff had not been
induced by any of them to enter into the Agreement.

21 Thus, the Defendant counterclaimed for:

(a) an order for the Plaintiff to return the Deposit into the Joint Account;
and

(b) an order to have the Agreement rectified to reflect the parties’ common
intention as set out in [19] above.

My decision

The Plaintiff’s claim for breach of contract

22 Whether the Defendant had breached the Agreement depends on how clause 1 of
the Agreement should be interpreted. The Plaintiff contended that the
provision contained in parentheses (“specifically including … Apple Plus
School (Malaysia)”) clearly provided for the transfer of 50% of the
Defendant’s shares in APS and the Franchisees.

23 In my judgment, however, this provision was ambiguous and did not clearly
state that the shares in APS and the Franchisees had to be transferred to the
Plaintiff. If the Plaintiff were correct, then it would have made more sense
for those shares to be set out individually in clause 1 as shares to be
transferred, instead of being encapsulated in parentheses and described as
being “included” as part of the Defendant’s 50% shareholding in the Company.
In my view, clause 1, although clumsily drafted, was more consistent with the
Defendant’s account that the parties had intended for the Defendant’s 50%
shareholding in the Company to also include 50% of her _beneficial_ interests
in the Franchisees and the trademarks, without the need for those shares to be
transferred to the Plaintiff.

24 Moreover, it is trite that a contract should be interpreted in a holistic
manner having regard to the document as a whole: _Zurich Insurance (Singapore)
Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029
at [131]. The interpretation of clause 1 contended for by the Plaintiff was
simply inconsistent with the rest of the Agreement:

(a) First, clause 4 only provided a timeline for the transfer of the shares in
the Company to the Plaintiff; no provision was made for the transfer of the
shares in the Franchisees.

(b) Second, the warranty of full disposition rights in clause 6.1 only covered
the Defendant’s shares in the Company, and not her shares in the Franchisees.

If the parties’ intention was for the shares in the Franchisees to be
transferred to the Plaintiff, then surely clauses 4 and 6.1 would have
referred to the shares in the Franchisees as well.

25 There was also other evidence indicating that the parties did not intend
for an actual transfer of shares in APS and the Franchisees to be effected.
First, as APS was a sole proprietorship, it made no sense to speak of the
Defendant transferring 50% of her shares in APS to the Plaintiff. Second,
since the Defendant was only a minority shareholder in the Franchisees, she
would have been unable to compel the board of each Franchisee to register a
transfer of shares to the Defendant.

26 Thus, I preferred the Defendant’s interpretation of clause 1 and found that
she was not in breach of it.

The Plaintiff’s claim for misrepresentation

27 The Plaintiff pleaded that the Defendant had made the following list of
misrepresentations (for ease of reference, I will refer to these statements
later using their corresponding sub-paragraph numbers below):

(a) the Defendant owned a company which was the “headquarters of six
franchised companies” which operated the Apple Plus School as of September
2011;

(b) the Defendant owned shares in three of the said six franchise companies as
of September 2011;

(c) the Defendant had two Apple Plus Schools in Malaysia as of September 2011;

(d) the Defendant was in the midst of negotiating with Indonesian parties to
open Apple Plus Schools in Indonesia as of September 2011;

(e) Apple Plus Schools produced their own children’s textbooks as of September
2011;

(f) Apple Plus Schools owned the patent and trademark of the unique nine-
beaded “Monkey Abacus” abacus system as of September 2011;

(g) the Defendant was the sole controller of the entire group of Apple Plus
companies and schools as of September 2011;

(h) the Defendant had collaboration with four public and three private
kindergartens as of October 2011;

(i) the Defendant had expansion plans in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia,
Australia, China and the Philippines as of October 2011;

(j) the Defendant was in the process of registering a patent for her “Monkey
Abacus” abacus system in four countries as of October 2011;

(k) with the Defendant’s grand plans for expansion in the near future, half of
her shares in all her Apple Plus School companies would be worth $1,500,000 as
of November 2011;

(l) the Company was signing a MOU with Indonesia’s Ministry of Education as of
December 2011;

(m) as of 2 January 2012, representatives from Vietnam and Indonesia had
signed agreements with the Defendant to expand the Apple Plus group of
companies in Vietnam and Indonesia as of 2 January 2011;

(n) as of 6 January 2012, the Defendant was engaging in talks with
representatives from Indonesia to set up Apple Plus Schools in Indonesia;

(o) as of 10 January 2012, the Defendant was negotiating with some parties in
Malaysia to open Apple Plus Schools in a few other countries;

(p) as of 13 January 2012, the Defendant was in Malaysia engaged in a second
round of talks with representatives from Dubai and the Philippines to open
Apple Plus Schools in these two countries;

(q) on 19 January 2012, the Defendant’s geomancer colluded with the Defendant
to advise the Plaintiff that, among other things:

(i) the Plaintiff was suited to invest in education-related businesses;

(ii) the success of the Plaintiff’s investment was totally dependent on the
Defendant; and

(iii) the Defendant excelled at running the business and the Plaintiff should
not interfere in the Defendant’s running of the business;

(r) throughout February 2012, the Defendant was very busy opening new offices
and classrooms, and tying up with various kindergartens;

(s) in early May 2012, the Defendant was negotiating with interested parties
in China to open an Apple Plus School there;

(t) on 23 May 2012, the Defendant had signed an agreement to open five to six
PCF kindergartens in Jurong;

(u) as of late May 2012, four clients from Batam were confirmed to be setting
up at least two Apple Plus Schools in Batam in mid-June 2012; and

(v) as of June 2012, there was a company which would connect the Apple Plus
group of schools to Government primary schools, and there were business plans
on how to charge the students and methods to ensure the Apple Plus Schools’
monopoly of the market.

28 Since the Plaintiff was claiming that the Defendant had made these
misrepresentations fraudulently, the Plaintiff had to establish that
(_Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another_ [2001] 2 SLR(R)
435 at [14]):

(a) there was a representation of fact made by words or conduct by the
Defendant;

(b) the representation was made with the intention that it should be acted
upon by the Plaintiff;

(c) the Plaintiff had acted upon the false statement (_ie_ , the Plaintiff was
induced by the false statement to enter into the Agreement);

(d) the Plaintiff suffered damage by so doing; and

(e) the representation was made with knowledge that it was false, or at least
in the absence of any genuine belief that it was true.

29 Having regard to the evidence, I was of the view that the Plaintiff had
failed to establish these elements in relation to each of the alleged
misrepresentations. For ease of discussion, I will group the statements
according to the date and occasion on which they were allegedly made.

Statements (a)–(g)

30 According to the Plaintiff, the statements listed at [27(a)]–[27(g)] above
were made orally by the Defendant on 22 September 2011 when the Plaintiff
first met her at the Serangoon branch of Apple Plus School. The Plaintiff
admitted that she had made no notes of the meeting and that the alleged
statements were based on her recollection.[note: 7] She argued that these
statements were false because:

(a) As of 22 September 2011, only four franchises (namely, the Bukit Timah,
Telok Kurau, Tampines and Serangoon branches) had been incorporated. The next
two franchises (namely, the Bukit Merah, Thomson and West Coast franchises)
were incorporated only on 15 November 2011.

(b) There was no evidence of an area licensing agreement for the two Apple
Plus Schools in Malaysia. The only evidence that the Defendant was able to
produce for the Malaysia franchise were copies of cheques from one Loong Sweet
Ying that were purported payments of licensing fees.

(c) The only evidence provided by the Defendant of her plans to expand into
Indonesia was the registration of the Apple Plus School trademark in Indonesia
and a document sent on 22 March 2011 to the Defendant’s franchise agent, Alex
Tan, stating brief cooperation terms for the launch of Apple Plus School in
Indonesia.

(d) The producer of the textbooks used by the Apple Plus Schools was Taiwan
Abacus Publishing House, and the Defendant had merely purchased the copyright
to the textbooks.

31 However, I found that the Plaintiff claims of misrepresentation were not
made out for the following reasons:

(a) For statements (a) and (e), the Plaintiff appeared to be nit-picking
statements made by the Defendant that could be interpreted in a number of
ways. For example, when the Defendant made statement (a) (that the Company was
the “headquarters of six franchised companies”), she might have taken into
account the two franchises that were in the pipeline and that going to be
incorporated shortly. Likewise, for statement (e) (that Apple Plus Schools
produced their own children’s textbooks), this could be interpreted to mean
that Apple Plus School owned the copyright to the textbooks that they used. In
the absence of evidence of the _specific_ assertions made by the Defendant, I
was not prepared to find that these statements amounted to misrepresentations.

(b) For statements (b) and (g), no evidence or reasoning was given by the
Plaintiff as to why they were false.

(c) For statement (c), aside from the cheques from Loong Sweet Ying, the
Defendant had also produced a MOU signed on 16 April 2010 with one Loong Sweet
Ying appointing the latter as franchise manager in Malaysia.[note: 8] The MOU
specifically provided that the franchise manager would open a minimum at least
two Apple Plus outlets in the first five months of signing the area franchise
agreement. Although this MOU was “subject to contract”, and the Defendant did
not produce a copy of the area franchise agreement, I was satisfied that the
MOU together with the cheques were sufficient to prove that the Malaysian
franchises existed, and that the onus was on the Plaintiff to prove that they
were a sham.

(d) For statement (d), there was clear evidence that the Defendant had plans
to expand in Indonesia (as shown by the trademark registration there and the
cooperation terms that she sent to her franchise agent), and the mere fact
that these plans ultimately did not come to fruition did not make the
Defendant’s statement false.

(e) I will discuss statement (f) together with statement (j) in the next
section as they deal with the same issue.

Statements (h)–(j)

32 These statements were made in the Report. The Plaintiff contended that they
were false because:

(a) The Defendant’s only evidence for the Company’s collaboration with four
public and three private kindergartens were two commission agreements with the
PCF for conducting courses at three education centres, which were only in
effect from 1 January 2010 to 31 December 2010 and 3 January 2010 to 31
December 2012 respectively.

(b) The Defendant’s alleged expansion plans were backed up by shoddy proposals
that amounted to about four pages each. The proposals for each country were
identical in every aspect, with no effort made to distinguish or cater to
different markets. Further, the Defendant had tried to support her claim of
expansion plans in the Philippines with an email exchange with a Filipino
party that only started on 3 July 2012, nine months after the Report.

(c) The Company did not own the patent to the “Monkey Abacus” abacus system
and was merely the sole agent of the rights to use the abacus and teaching
materials, with the patents being owned by Taiwan Abacus Publishing House.

33 Having read the Report, I was of the view that the Plaintiff’s claims of
misrepresentations were not made out because:

(a) For statement (h), the Report simply listed “Collaboration with 4 PCF” and
“Collaboration with three private nurseries” as two numbered items under a
heading titled “Franchised schools”. There was no elaboration in the Report on
what the scope of the purported “collaboration” was or what the dates of the
collaboration were. Thus, while I accepted that statement (h) was rather
misleading, in my opinion it was far too vague to constitute a statement of
fact that the Plaintiff could have relied on in entering into the Agreement.

(b) For statement (i), this was a statement as to the Defendant’s future
intention, and for it to be actionable as a misrepresentation, the Plaintiff
must show that the Defendant had no honest belief in the statement: _Deutsche
Bank AG v Chang Tse Wen and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 886 at [83]. But the
fact that the Defendant’s expansion proposals were shoddy and lacking in
details did not mean that they were a sham. The Plaintiff had failed to
provide any evidence to show that the Defendant did not have the genuine
intention to carry out her plans at the time statement (i) was made. While the
Defendant might have been overly optimistic in her projections and targets,
that does not mean that she had committed misrepresentations in communicating
her business plans to the Plaintiff.

(c) For statement (j), I accepted the Defendant’s evidence that she had
inadvertently misused the Chinese term for “patent” and that she had in fact
meant “trademark”. Therefore, the misrepresentation was not deliberate and did
not amount to fraud. Further, the Plaintiff could not have been induced by
this misrepresentation into entering the Agreement because she had seen the
box containing the abacus used in the “Monkey Abacus” system, and it was
obvious from the box that it was a Taiwanese product. The writing on the box
was in Traditional Chinese, which is used in Taiwan but not China or
Singapore. This distinction would have been obvious to the Plaintiff who came
from China. In addition, the box clearly stated on its side that the abacus
was patented by Taiwan Abacus Publishing House, and not the Company.

34 Furthermore, I was not satisfied that the Report as a whole had induced the
Plaintiff into making the Agreement. This was because in her email reply to
the Defendant, the Plaintiff wrote:

Hi, Fiona:

Received your reply and have read through your report carefully. There is no
relevant data and the situation is somewhat special. Your sincerity is
appreciated and your enthusiasm has been infectious. I will get back to you as
soon as possible after deliberations with my associates in the investment
company. Thank you.

Xia Zhengyan

It was evident from this email that the Plaintiff was well aware of the
insubstantial nature of the Report and the lack of relevant data to support
the Defendant’s business plans. Yet the Plaintiff did not probe the Defendant
for further details on any aspect of the Report; indeed, it appeared that she
was more impressed with the Defendant’s sincerity and enthusiasm than by
anything that was stated in the Report.

Statement (k)

35 The Plaintiff alleged that at the Parkway Parade meeting in mid-November
2011, the Defendant had initially represented to her that given the
Defendant’s global expansion plans, half of her shares in the Company would be
worth $2m. The Defendant then reduced this figure to $1.5m after some
negotiations. In my judgment, this was clearly a puff that no reasonable
person would have taken as a serious estimate of the value of the Defendant’s
shares. The parties were in the process of negotiating over the price of the
Defendant’s shares and the Defendant would naturally be trying to argue for a
higher price. The fact that the Defendant had so readily reduced the figure
from $2m to $1.5m should have made it clear that these were simply negotiating
figures and not serious estimates of value. This statement therefore did not
amount to a misrepresentation.

Statement (l)

36 The Defendant had sent the Plaintiff an email on 15 December 2011 attaching
a three-page draft MOU (which was unsigned) between the Company and
Indonesia’s ministry of education for the Company to provide training for
abacus teachers in Indonesia. The draft MOU was stated to run for five years
starting from 17 December 2011. The Plaintiff said that this amounted to a
misrepresentation because it would have been impossible for the draft MOU –
which the Defendant admitted under cross-examination to be “just at the
planning stage”[note: 9] – to be ready to be signed within two days. The
Plaintiff thus submitted that the MOU was a sham meant to entice her to
entering into the Agreement.

37 I disagreed. The Defendant did not represent to the Plaintiff that she had
reached agreement with the Indonesian party or that an agreement was close at
hand. The MOU was clearly stated to be a draft and it would have been
understood by the Plaintiff that it was subject to further changes and that it
might not even be signed in the end. This therefore did not constitute a
misrepresentation by the Defendant.

Statement (m)

38 On 2 January 2012, the Defendant sent the Plaintiff a text message stating
that “letters of intent for sole agency in Vietnam and Indonesia have been
signed”. However, the Defendant was unable to produce the Vietnamese letter of
intent, and it transpired that the Indonesian letter of intent was never
printed out or formally signed. The Plaintiff therefore said that this
constituted a misrepresentation by the Defendant.

39 I should note that statement (m), as pleaded by the Plaintiff, was that
“representatives from Vietnam and Indonesia had signed _agreements_ with the
Defendant”. But it was clear from the text message in question that the
Defendant had merely referred to _letters of intent_ , and not actual
agreements. As the Defendant explained in her AEIC, in the Company’s usual
business practice, letters of intent simply operated as minutes of meeting and
had no binding contractual effect. Further, even assuming that the Defendant
had made a false statement when she said that the letters of intent had been
signed, the Plaintiff had provided no evidence that she was induced by the
mere signing of these non-binding letters of intent to enter into the
Agreement. This statement was thus not an actionable misrepresentation.

Statement (n)

40 The Plaintiff alleged that the Defendant had called her and sent her a text
message on 6 January 2012 claiming that she was engaged in talks with
representatives to set up franchises in Indonesia. The text message from the
Defendant stated:

I was calling you because of the matter regarding Indonesia. I am talking to
them now.

41 I failed to see how this constituted a misrepresentation. It was a fact
that the Plaintiff _did_ engage in talks with Indonesian parties to set up
franchises there; indeed, the Plaintiff stated in her affidavit that she had
followed the Defendant to Jakarta in mid-April to discuss the establishment of
Apple Plus Schools in Jakarta with two Indonesian parties.[note: 10] The
Plaintiff had therefore failed to prove that this statement was false.

Statement (o)

42 The Plaintiff relied on phone calls and the following text message sent by
the Defendant on 10 January 2012:

I am going to Malaysia in a while to discuss matters relating to the school
curriculum. Do you have visa? We can go together in the future

43 Plainly, this text message did not say that the Defendant was going to
Malaysia to negotiate with some parties to open up Apple Plus Schools in other
countries; it simply stated that the Defendant was going to discuss “matters
relating to the school curriculum”. In any event, even if it could be read in
the manner contended for by the Plaintiff, the Plaintiff had failed to provide
any evidence that the Defendant was lying about negotiating with Malaysian
parties. This statement was thus not a misrepresentation.

Statement (p)

44 According to the Plaintiff, the Defendant had told to her over the phone
and through text message that she was going to Malaysia to discuss expansion
plans in Dubai and the Philippines on 13 January 2012. The Plaintiff relied on
the following text message sent by the Defendant on 13 January 2012:

I am entering Malaysia to discuss sole agency in Dubai and the Philippines. It
will be the second negotiation. My husband is bringing me there, we will be
back tonight. Don’t worry

The Plaintiff pointed out that the Defendant had provided no evidence to show
that there was in fact such a meeting in Malaysia. Consequently, the Plaintiff
argued, this text message was a sham meant to mislead the Plaintiff into
thinking that the Defendant was busy developing global expansion plans for the
Company.

45 However, since the Plaintiff was the one claiming a misrepresentation, the
onus was on _her_ to prove that the negotiations did not occur. She failed to
do so. Hence, this claim of misrepresentation was unproven as well. I should
further note that the Defendant _did_ adduce evidence of draft franchise
proposals for Dubai and the Philippines which she said were prepared for the
Company’s negotiations during the period. There was no reason to believe that
the negotiations referred to by the Defendant were a sham.

Statements (q)–(v)

46 _Prima facie_ , these misrepresentations were alleged to have been made
_after_ the Agreement was signed on 17 January 2012, and could not have
induced the Plaintiff into signing the Agreement. However, the Plaintiff
argued that the doctrine of fraudulent misrepresentation does not only apply
to situations where the representee was induced to enter into a contract as a
result of the misrepresentation. The Plaintiff relied on the following passage
from _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 18 (LexisNexis, 2009 Reissue) at
[240.419]–[240.420]:

**How the representee’s position may be altered**

There are various ways in which a representee may act on the faith of a
representation so as to alter his position. He may enter into a contract
either with the representor himself, or with a third person, or a class of
persons … Further, a person may physically alter his position by … _the doing
of or abstention from anything which has a bearing on his material interests,
and which he is not legally compellable to do or to abstain from_.

[emphasis added]

47 In the Plaintiff’s submission, although she had already entered into the
Agreement on 17 January 2012, she had legal recourse to void the Agreement and
claim damages for fraudulent misrepresentation at that point in time. However,
the Defendant’s post-contractual fraudulent misrepresentations induced the
Plaintiff to believe that her local and overseas development plans were
flourishing, causing the Plaintiff to continue with her performance of the
Agreement. Without the Defendant’s frequent post-contractual
misrepresentations, the Plaintiff would have sought clarification and updates
with regards to the Defendant’s pre-contractual claims, and would have
discovered their falsity and avoided the financial loss and opportunity costs
that occasioned from her performance of the Agreement. Thus, the Plaintiff
contended that these post-contractual statements were actionable in
misrepresentation.

48 In my judgment, however, this submission was plainly untenable because I
had already found that none of the alleged pre-contractual misrepresentations
had been established by the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff was therefore bound to
perform the Agreement and the alleged post-contractual statements could not
have caused the Plaintiff to do anything that she was not legally compellable
to do. Consequently, those statements were not actionable statements.

Concluding remarks on misrepresentation issue

49 Overall, I was of the view that the Plaintiff was simply trying to get out
of a bad bargain that she had made without adequate care and research. The
Defendant had been candid in telling the Plaintiff that the Company was not
yet profitable (see [10] above), and it was clear from the Report forwarded by
the Defendant that her expansion plans were at a very preliminary stage.
Indeed, when the Plaintiff consulted her family in China about investing in
the Company, they would not allow the Plaintiff to invest using the family
funds because there was a lack of important financial data about the
Company.[note: 11] Yet the Plaintiff decided to go ahead with the investment
using a combination of her own funds and a loan. She chose not to hire a
lawyer, who could have made the routine searches to verify information on the
Company, including its share capital and its ownership of patents. A lawyer
could also have performed a due diligence exercise and helped the Plaintiff to
draft an agreement setting out all the representations and warranties that she
was relying on.

50 I also found that, as a whole, the Plaintiff’s main motivation for
investing in the Company was because she was idle in Singapore and wanted
something to do.[note: 12] Her investment in the Company bought her a seat on
the board and gave her a job that she would otherwise have been unable to
obtain on her own merits. Indeed, there was evidence that it was the
Plaintiff’s own incompetence that contributed to the failure of the Company.
She mismanaged the employees, failed to turn up for work, and was often absent
when cheques or other important documents needed to be signed.[note: 13] I
will not delve in detail into these matters as they were not strictly germane
to the dispute, save to say that they impacted on my assessment of the
Plaintiff’s credibility.

51 A further factor undermining her credibility was the fact that she waited
so long before starting this lawsuit. In my view, even assuming that the
Plaintiff was unaware of the true state of the Company’s financial affairs and
expansion plans when she signed the Agreement, she would have discovered it
after she joined the Company and became an equal shareholder and director. Yet
she continued working in the Company for many months and only commenced
proceedings 1.5 years later – after the parties’ relationship had broken down
and she wanted to be bought out. In fact, she did not assert her claim even
when she was negotiating to sell her shares back to the Defendant. This made
it difficult for me to accept that the Defendant’s alleged misrepresentations
had truly induced her to sign the Agreement.

52 For the foregoing reasons, I found that none of the statements alleged by
the Plaintiff constituted misrepresentations, whether fraudulent, negligent or
innocent.

The Defendant’s claim for the return of the Deposit

53 Under clause 3(3) of the Agreement, the Deposit was supposed to be kept in
the Joint Account until at least January 2014. However, when the parties went
to the bank, they decided to take up a promotion for a one-year time deposit
that was offering a high interest rate. Under the terms of that promotion, the
deposit would be transferred back to the personal account of the depositor
upon maturity. The Defendant admitted to being aware of this arrangement, but
said that she had told the Plaintiff to return the Deposit to the Joint
Account when it got transferred into her personal account at the end of one
year. The Plaintiff, on the other hand, argued that there had been no
agreement for the Plaintiff to return the Deposit into the Joint Account.

54 In my view, the Plaintiff was effectively claiming that there had been an
oral agreement to vary clause 3(3) of the Agreement so as to let the Plaintiff
keep the $300,000. I found this difficult to believe because it would have
meant that the Defendant was simply giving up 20% of the agreed purchase price
for her shares. To prove that the Defendant had indeed varied the contract in
such a substantial manner, the burden was on the Plaintiff to prove that the
Defendant had expressly consented to this contractual variation, and it was
insufficient to simply point out that the Defendant was aware of the
arrangement whereby the Deposit would be automatically returned to the
Plaintiff’s personal account after one year.

55 I therefore ordered the Plaintiff to return the Deposit into the Joint
Account.

The Defendant’s claim for rectification

56 The final issue relates to whether clause 1 the Agreement should be
rectified to reflect what the Defendant claimed was the parties’ true
intention, which was that upon the purchase of 50% of the Defendant’s shares
in the Company, the Plaintiff would also receive 50% of the benefit of the
Defendant’s personal interest in (a) the Franchisees, and (b) the trademarks
of “Apple Plus School” and “Monkey Abacus”.

57 The law on the rectification of contracts was stated by Denning LJ in
_Frederick E Rose (London) Ltd v William H Pim Jnr & Co Ld_ [1953] 2 QB 450 at
461 as follows:

… In order to get rectification it is necessary to show that the parties were
in complete agreement on the terms of their contract, but by an error wrote
them down wrongly; and in this regard, in order to ascertain the terms of
their contract, you do not look into the inner minds of the parties - into
their intentions - any more than you do in the formation of any other
contract. You look at their outward acts, that is, at what they said or wrote
to one another in coming to their agreement, and then compare it with the
document which they have signed. If you can predicate with certainty what
their contract was, and that it is, by a common mistake, wrongly expressed in
the document, then you rectify the document; but nothing less will suffice. …

58 Given my decision on the interpretation of clause 1 (see [22]–[26] above),
the prayer for rectification insofar as it related to the shares of the
Franchisees was rendered largely superfluous. Nonetheless, I considered it
appropriate to rectify a clear error in clause 1 relating to the transfer of
shares in APS. As I have noted earlier, APS was a sole proprietorship and it
was incoherent to speak of shares in APS. I therefore ordered rectification of
clause 1 as follows:

1\. Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, [the Defendant] shall transfer
the 50% share in Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd (specifically
including 50% share in Apple Plus School International Pte Ltd,
_50%__~~share~~_ _of the benefit of her personal interest_ in Apple Plus
School including trade mark and patent of Apple Plus School and Monkey Abacus,
12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Tampines) Pte Ltd, 13% share in Apple Plus
School (Bukit Timah) Pte Ltd, 12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Serangoon) Pte
Ltd, 12.5% share in Apple Plus School (Thomson) Pte Ltd and 25% share in Apple
Plus School (Malaysia)) held by her to [the Plaintiff] in accordance with the
provisions of the law.

59 However, I declined to order the deletion of the word “patent” because
there was no objective evidence to show that _both_ the Plaintiff and the
Defendant had intended to refer to “trademark” only. I would note, however,
that the continued inclusion of the word “patent” in clause 1 made no
difference to the Defendant’s obligations under the Agreement, since it was
undisputed that APS did not own the patent to the “Monkey Abacus” abacus
system (and there was thus nothing to be held for the benefit of the Plaintiff
insofar as a “patent” was concerned).

Conclusion

60 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the Plaintiff’s claim and allowed
the Defendant’s counterclaim. Costs were awarded to the Defendant, and parties
are to try to agree on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s AEIC dated 8 Oct 2013 at p 48.

[note: 2]Defendant’s AEIC (Vol 2) at p 986.

[note: 3]Defendant’s AEIC (Vol 1) at p 25, para 66.

[note: 4]NE, 20 November 2013, p 2.

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s AEIC at p 4, para 13.

[note: 6]Ibid.

[note: 7]NE, 19 November 2013, pp 50–51.

[note: 8]Defendant’s AEIC (Vol 1), pp 497–500.

[note: 9]NE, 11 February 2012, p 28.

[note: 10]Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 39.

[note: 11]NE, 19 November 2013, p 91.

[note: 12]NE, 19 November 2013, p 92.

[note: 13]Defendant’s AEIC, paras 139–155.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jul 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

