Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Kamrul Hasan Abdul Quddus  
[2014] SGHC 4

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 7 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hay Hung Chun and Ruth Wong Shuyi (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Suppiah s/o Pakrisamy and Elengovan s/o V
Krishnan (P Suppiah & Co) for the accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Kamrul Hasan Abdul Quddus  
  
08 January 2014|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused was charged with murder. The charge did not specify which of the
four sub-sections of section 300 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) was
being invoked. On 8 January 2010, Kan Ting Chiu J convicted him on the charge
and imposed on him the sentence of death, which was at that time mandatory
upon a conviction for murder under any of the four sub-sections of s 300. The
Court of Appeal affirmed the conviction, which meant that the sentence of
death stood. Kan J and the Court of Appeal both issued written decisions:
_Public Prosecutor v Kamrul Hasan Abdul Quddus_ [2010] SGHC 7 and _Kamrul
Hasan Abdul Quddus v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] SGCA 52 respectively. On 1
January 2013, legislative amendments came into effect which made the death
sentence non-mandatory for murder under sub-sections (_b_), (_c_) and (_d_) of
s 300 of the Penal Code. Pursuant to s 4(5) of the Penal Code (Amendment) Act
(No 32 of 2012), the accused filed a motion for re-sentencing, and the Court
of Appeal clarified on 12 August 2013 that the conviction of the accused was
under s 300(_c_) and accordingly remitted the case to the High Court for him
to be re-sentenced. The case came before me, and on 12 November 2013 I
sentenced the accused to life imprisonment and 10 strokes of the cane. The
accused has filed an appeal against sentence.

2 Kan J found, and the Court of Appeal agreed, that in the early morning of 16
December 2007 the accused caused the death of the deceased by strangling her.
By way of background, the accused and the deceased, an Indonesian domestic
worker, were in an intimate relationship that commenced in January 2007. It
was a relationship fraught with tumult; in October 2007 the deceased
discovered that the accused was already married, and shortly after the
deceased began a relationship with another man. But it appears that they
resumed their relationship in late November 2007 and even made plans to wed.
On 15 December 2007, the day before her death, the deceased informed a few
people that she and the accused would be going to the airport the following
morning to pick up the mother and a sibling of the accused. However, her body
was found at a construction site at 9.50am on 16 December 2007. This was the
construction site at which the accused was working. Kan J considered (at [59])
that the accused “could have killed the deceased to avoid having to confess
that he had lied about his mother coming to Singapore, or he may have done it
after the deceased found out about the lie, and became angry with him”.

3 An autopsy was carried out on the deceased. There was “extensive and severe
bruising” in the soft tissues of the neck that would be “consistent with the
application of compressive force to the neck”, and “multiple abrasions and
bruises on the undersurface of the chin and of the lower jaw, as well as
abrasions on the face and neck, that would be consistent with injuries
inflicted with fingernails and finger pads”. In addition to these injuries
consistent with strangling and the associated struggle, there were injuries
consistent with blows to the region of the left eye and to the lips. There was
evidence of a head injury consistent with the application of blunt force
trauma. There were abrasions and bruises on the upper limbs that were
consistent with defensive injuries. The inner aspects of both labia minora
were extensively abraded, which was consistent with penetrative sexual
activity prior to death.

4 At the re-sentencing hearing before me, the prosecution indicated that they
did not object to a sentence of life imprisonment, but they urged me to impose
between 16 and 18 strokes of the cane. They argued that the present case was
comparable to that of _Public Prosecutor v Gopinathan Nair Remadevi Bijukumar_
[2012] SGHC 59. There, I convicted the accused of murder for stabbing a
Filipino woman to death. When the matter was remitted to me for re-sentencing,
I sentenced the accused to life imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane. Had
the present case been close enough to that of _Gopinathan_ , I would have
imposed the exact same sentence. But in my view there was an important
difference, in that in _Gopinathan_ there was very strong evidence of planning
and an intention to rob the deceased — I found that the knife which was used
to stab the deceased was brought by the accused to their meeting — which would
warrant a more severe sentence. There is a further consideration. In the
present case, Kan J was the trial judge. Unlike him, I have not had the
advantage of hearing all the evidence that was presented at trial. In the
circumstances, however numerous the injuries in the autopsy report may seem to
be, I would err on the side of leniency. I agreed with the prosecution that
the oral remarks of Lee Seiu Kin J in _Public Prosecutor v Amanchukwu
Chukwuma_ (Criminal Case No 41 of 2011) do not give rise to the general
proposition that caning is not appropriate for all crimes of passion. In that
case, the accused pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable homicide not
amounting to murder. In sentencing him to 12 years’ imprisonment, Lee J said
in closing, “As this is a crime of passion, caning is not appropriate”.
Earlier, Lee J said that he accepted that the offence “was not premeditated,
there was some degree of provocation and [the accused] had shown remorse by
pleading guilty at the first opportunity”. In my opinion, looking at the
remarks of Lee J as a whole, he meant no more than that caning was not
appropriate given the circumstances which he accepted characterised the case
before him. The reference to “crime of passion” was not the articulation of
some distinct legal category but was simply a summary of the essential
circumstances of the case.

5 In my judgment, caning was appropriate in the present case because there was
a substantial degree of violence in the ultimately fatal assault perpetrated
by the accused on the deceased, as shown by the injuries detailed in the
autopsy report. However, for the reasons I have given above, I took the view
that the number of strokes should be less than the 18 imposed in _Gopinathan_.
I thought that 10 strokes of the cane would be right and I so ordered.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

