Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Maruti Shipping Pte Ltd _v_ Tay Sien Djim and others  
[2014] SGHC 227

Case Number| :| Suit No 631 of 2010 (Summons No 4809 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 November 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eddee Ng, Keith Tnee and Ooi Huey Hien (Tan Kok Quan
Partnership) for the plaintiff; A P Thirumurthy (Murthy & Co) for the first
and second defendants; Gan Kam Yuin (Bih Li & Lee) for the non-party.  
Parties| :|  Maruti Shipping Pte Ltd — Tay Sien Djim and others  
  
7 November 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

1 This is an application taken out by the plaintiff against the following
persons to stand committed to prison and/or fined for contempt of court:[note:
1]

(a) The first defendant, Tay Sien Djim (“Moses Tay”), who is the managing
director of the second defendant, R M Martin Pte Ltd (“RMMPL”), and who holds
80% of RMMPL’s shareholding;

(b) RMMPL; and

(c) Moses Tay’s son, Tay Jiashen Martin (“Martin Tay”), who holds the
remaining 20% shareholding in RMMPL and is allegedly a director of RMMPL at
the material time. He is also RMMPL’s company secretary.

2 I will refer to Moses Tay, RMMPL and Martin Tay collectively as “the
Contemnors”.

Procedural background

3 This case has a somewhat complicated procedural history, but which may be
summarised as follows. On 19 August 2010, the plaintiff commenced an action
against RMMPL for breaches of contracts and breach of trust, and against Moses
Tay for inducement of breach of contract and/or knowingly assisting RMMPL to
breach the trust.

4 On the same day, the plaintiff also applied for an Anton Piller order (“the
Anton Piller Order”) against Moses Tay and RMMPL, authorising the plaintiff to
enter and search the following premises:

(a) an office at Golden Agri Plaza (“the Golden Agri Premises”); and

(b) a condominium unit at Sentosa Cove (“the Sentosa Cove Premises”).

5 At the same time, the plaintiff also applied for a Mareva injunction (“the
Mareva Injunction”) prohibiting Moses Tay and RMMPL from disposing of their
assets worldwide.

6 Both orders were granted the next day on 20 August 2010.

7 On 23 August 2010, the plaintiff sent its representatives to the Golden Agri
Premises and the Sentosa Cove Premises to execute the Anton Piller Order. The
Anton Piller Order and Mareva Injunction were also allegedly served on Moses
Tay on that day. During the period between 23 August 2010 and 1 September
2010, the Contemnors allegedly committed various breaches of court orders. To
avoid repetition, I will only set out in detail the relevant facts that relate
to the alleged breaches in the portion of the judgment that deals with Moses
Tay’s liability (beginning at [48] below).

8 Several days later, on 27 August 2010, the plaintiff added Indah Resources
Pte Ltd (“IRPL”) and PT Waegeo Mineral Mining (“PTWMM”) to the main action as
the third and fourth defendants respectively. At the same time, the Anton
Piller Order and the Mareva Injunction were extended to include IRPL and
PTWMM. Orders were also made to restrain Moses Tay from leaving Singapore
until further order and to direct Moses Tay to surrender his passports to the
person serving the order of court on him (“the Ancillary Orders”). The
plaintiff obtained an order for substituted service on Moses Tay for the
Ancillary Orders on 1 September 2010.[note: 2]

9 I will refer to the Anton Piller Order, the Mareva Injunction and the
Ancillary Orders collectively as the “Orders of Court”.

10 After obtaining leave to do so on 5 October 2010,[note: 3] the plaintiff
commenced contempt proceedings against the Contemnors on 12 October
2010:[note: 4]

(a) against Moses Tay for failing, neglecting and/or refusing to obey the
Orders of Court.

(b) against RMMPL for failing, neglecting and/or refusing to obey the Anton
Piller Order and the Mareva Injunction.

(c) against Moses Tay, as a director of RMMPL, for RMMPL’s contempt; and

(d) against Martin Tay, as a director of RMMPL, for RMMPL’s contempt.

11 I should mention that the plaintiff had initially also sought orders for
committal and/or payment of fines against the IRPL and Martin Tay as director
of IRPL, but this was withdrawn after the plaintiff entered into a settlement
agreement with IRPL.[note: 5]

12 The hearing for the committal proceedings was initially fixed on 13 January
2011, but it was adjourned as Moses Tay had been warded at the Institute of
Mental Health (“IMH”) as he was said to be mentally unwell.[note: 6]

13 On 28 March 2013, the plaintiff obtained interlocutory judgment against
Moses Tay for his breach of an “unless” order requiring him to comply with an
order for specific discovery,[note: 7] but could not proceed further as Moses
Tay was declared a bankrupt on 29 August 2013.[note: 8]

14 On 7 June 2013, the plaintiff entered into a settlement agreement with
IRPL, as mentioned at [11] above.[note: 9]

15 On 5 November 2013, the plaintiff obtained final judgment against RMMPL and
PTWMM for the sums of US$3,125,986.72 and US$477,558.75 in damages
respectively.[note: 10]

16 All this while, the committal proceedings remained unheard as a result of
numerous delays arising from Moses Tay’s purported mental condition.
Eventually, a hearing was fixed before me on 4 February 2014. Again, Moses Tay
did not appear as he had been admitted to IMH on 30 January 2014. Moses Tay’s
counsel, Mr A P Thirumurthy (“Mr Thirumurthy”), sought an adjournment, but I
directed that proceedings continue, for reasons which will be discussed at the
appropriate juncture below. It suffices to say for now that Moses Tay has
never turned up during the hearing for the committal proceedings.

General legal principles

17 The principles regarding an action for civil contempt are well established.
It is aptly summarised in _STX Corp v Jason Surjana Tanuwidjaja and others_
[2014] 2 SLR 1261 at [7] to [9] as follows:

7 An action for civil contempt is directed at a party who is bound by an order
of court but is alleged to have breached the terms of that order. It is
directed at securing compliance with the said order and typically falls under
one of the following categories:

(a) Disobedience of an order requiring an act to be done;

(b) Disobedience of an order prohibiting the doing of an act; or

(c) Breach of an undertaking given to court.

…

8 The standard of proof for finding contempt of court is the criminal standard
of proof beyond a reasonable doubt. The threshold to establish the guilty
intention necessary for a finding of civil contempt is, however, a low one –
the alleged contempnor just needs to intend to do acts which are in breach of
a coercive court order. His specific intention need not be shown (see  _Tan
Beow Hiong v Tan Boon Aik_ [2010] 4 SLR(R) 870 at [47]).

9 Further, it has been held that as long as there is a deliberate breach of
the order, the reasons for disobedience are irrelevant in establishing
liability – they are only relevant at sentencing (see  _Global Distressed
Alpha Fund I Ltd Partnership v PT Bakrie Investindo_ [2013] SGHC 105 at [33]).

18 It must also be shown that the alleged contemnor was aware of what his
obligations to the court were, as stated by the Court of Appeal in _Pertamina
Energy Trading Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co LLC and others_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 518 (“
_Pertamina_ ”) at [51]:

51 In so far as the party to the court order is concerned, it would appear
that it is only necessary to prove that the relevant conduct of the party
alleged to be in breach of the court order was intentional and that it knew of
all the facts which made such conduct a breach of the order (including, of
course, knowledge of the existence of the order and of all of its material
terms (see the English High Court decision of  _Re L (A Ward)_ [1988] 1 FLR
255 at 259)). However, it is unnecessary to prove that that party appreciated
that it was breaching the order. As Sachs LJ put it in the English Court of
Appeal decision of  _Knight v Clifton_ [1971] Ch 700 at 721, "[the]
prohibition is absolute and is not to be related to intent unless otherwise
stated on the face of the order".

19 While the position is a strict one, the Court of Appeal noted that where
the contempt is merely technical, this can be taken into account in
_mitigation_ of the contempt (_Pertamina_ at [61]).

20 I will now examine the liability of each of the Contemnors in turn.

The liability of Moses Tay for his breaches of the Orders of Court

21 Moses Tay is accused of breaching _all_ the Orders of Court. His alleged
breaches can essentially be classified into four categories:

(a) preventing the execution of the Anton Piller Order at the Golden Agri
Premises and the Sentosa Cove Premises;

(b) withdrawing $380,000 from his OCBC account in breach of the Mareva
Injunction;

(c) breaching the Ancillary Orders by failing to give up his passport and not
leave the jurisdiction; and

(d) failing to comply with the disclosure requirements in the Anton Piller
Order and the Mareva Injunction.

22 To be clear, this part of the judgment deals with the breaches of orders
that were _personal_ to Moses Tay. I will examine his liability as a director
for RMMPL’s alleged breaches of the Anton Piller Order and the Mareva
Injunction later (at [94] below). Before I do so, it is convenient to consider
the preliminary question of whether Moses Tay should _not_ be found liable for
contempt _purely_ on the basis that he is mentally unwell.

Preliminary issue: Moses Tay’s alleged depressive disorder

23 In this respect, Mr Thirumurthy made two arguments as to why Moses Tay
should not be convicted as a result of his alleged depressive disorder:

(a) First, he argued that it would be _unsafe_ to convict Moses Tay and send
him to prison when he is mentally unwell and did not attend the committal
hearing (as he was admitted to IMH).[note: 11] Mr Thirumurthy referred to a
number of medical reports which were enclosed in affidavits filed by Mr
Thirumurthy himself.[note: 12] In essence, the argument is that it would be
highly prejudicial for Moses Tay to be convicted _in absentia._

(b) Secondly, he submitted that it is _possible_ that Moses Tay could have
been mentally unwell even before December 2010, when he was first diagnosed in
IMH.[note: 13] He said that if Moses Tay was indeed suffering from severe
depression before the Orders of Court were served on him, then Moses Tay
“cannot be blamed for failing to understand court orders or failing to comply
with them”.[note: 14] In essence, the argument is that Moses Tay’s mental
state at the time of the breaches was such that it would negate Moses Tay’s
_mens rea_ for contempt of court.

24 The plaintiff, on the other hand, submitted that Moses Tay’s alleged mental
condition is simply a sham.

The first argument

25 I begin with Mr Thirumurthy’s first argument. Since the application for
committal was filed on 12 October 2010, there have been numerous delays caused
by Moses Tay’s alleged depressive condition. Originally, the hearing of the
committal application was fixed on 13 January 2011 (which was to be heard by
another judge),[note: 15] but this was adjourned multiple times due to Moses
Tay admitting himself to the IMH.

26 Eventually, committal hearing was fixed before me on 4 and 5 February 2014.
On 3 February 2014, Mr Thirumurthy tendered a letter enclosing a medical memo
from Dr Manu Lal (“Dr Lal”) of IMH. It stated that Moses Tay had been admitted
to IMH on 30 January 2014 due to his depressive condition, and that he was
therefore unable to attend the hearing on the aforementioned dates.[note: 16]

27 At the hearing on 4 February 2014, Mr Thirumurthy asked for the hearing to
be vacated on the basis of Moses Tay’s alleged medical condition. He also
stated that he had been getting instructions from Moses Tay’s wife (“Mrs Tay”)
but she was not present because she was attending to Moses Tay at IMH.[note:
17] I did not find Mr Thirumurthy’s explanations to be credible and I directed
that the proceedings continue in Moses Tay’s absence.[note: 18] Mr Thirumurthy
then applied to discharge himself. I disallowed the application, which was
raised at the last minute, as this would be prejudicial to the interests of
Moses Tay.[note: 19]

28 Moses Tay made a swift recovery after the hearing on 4 and 5 February 2014.
Dr Lal stated in a report dated 26 February 2014 that Moses Tay’s condition
had improved after treatment and he was discharged on 6 February 2014, one day
after the hearing concluded. Dr Lal also opined that, at the time of
discharge, he was _fit to attend court and be cross-examined_.[note: 20]

29 Yet when the committal application was fixed to be heard again on 10 April
2014, Moses Tay admitted himself to IMH once more on 7 April 2014.[note: 21]

30 Moses Tay’s relapses into depression follow a clear pattern. His condition
flares up at the most inopportune times, allowing him to avoid turning up in
court. He also approached a succession of physicians from February 2014
onwards, which indicated to me that he was shopping for a favourable opinion
in order to avoid having to attend court. Even Mr Thirumurthy had to concede
that Moses Tay “appears to be in hospital whenever there’s a hearing. That is
true. It appears to be so”.[note: 22]

31 Moses Tay has had numerous opportunities to file affidavits from doctors
regarding his condition but none were ever forthcoming. On 24 August 2011, Mrs
Tay and Martin Tay applied for a declaration that Moses Tay was mentally
incapable of managing his affairs pursuant to ss 19 and 20 of the Mental
Capacity Act (Cap 177A, 2010 Rev Ed) in Originating Summons No 375 of 2011
(“OSF 375”). This was one such opportunity for them to establish conclusively
Moses Tay’s mental state. However, the applicants in OSF 375 were tardy in
pursuing their case. District Judge Jocelyn Ong had strong words for them when
she dismissed the application at [13] and [14] of her Grounds of Decision
dated 14 December 2012:

This application was filed by the applicants. They claim that P [_ie_ , Moses
Tay] is unable to make decision for himself in relation to his personal
welfare and property and affairs and for that reason they ask to be appointed
as his deputies. Yet, they refuse to take steps to move their own application
forward and repeatedly ignored and defied the Court’s orders and directions to
file the necessary affidavits. Having regard to these facts, _I do not believe
the applicants have any genuine desire to pursue these mental capacity
proceedings, other than as yet another delay tactic for the High Court suit
and I therefore dismissed the application._ There is no prejudice to the
applicants or P as there is nothing to stop his family members for making an
application for the appointment of deputies under the Mental Capacity Act if
it is really necessary.

The proceedings have been _a colossal waste of time_ and given the conduct of
the applicants I think it is only right to order them to pay costs to the
Intervener on an indemnity basis.

[emphasis added]

32 The extract speaks for itself. Nevertheless, I accept that Moses Tay is
currently suffering from depression, as Dr Tian Cheong Sing (“Dr Tian”), the
psychiatrist engaged by the _plaintiff_ to conduct an independent assessment
of Moses Tay in OSF 375, also came to that conclusion.

33 However, Dr Tian’s report indicated that any difficulty that Moses Tay may
have in following court proceedings “may arise out of poor motivation and fear
rather than a lack of competence, understanding or ability”. There were also
indications in the report that, whilst Moses Tay was suffering from
depression, he may nevertheless be fit to appear in court for cross-
examination.[note: 23] This is consistent with Dr Lal’s finding (at [28]
above).

34 After careful consideration of the evidence, I find that Moses Tay was in
fact fit to attend court despite his depressive condition and his failure to
appear in court was a deliberate and conscious decision to delay proceedings
for as long as he could.

35 Even if I am wrong about this, it was highlighted by the psychiatrists
(including Dr Tian) that one of the stressors causing his depression is the
ongoing court case and that his condition is unlikely to improve if his
circumstances remain unchanged.[note: 24] Mr Thirumurthy also submitted that
it “may not be a coincidence” that Moses Tay is always sick and admitted to
IMH whenever the hearing for contempt of court is fixed.[note: 25] In
_Forresters Ketley v Brent and another_ [2012] EWCA Civ 324, the English Court
of Appeal had to deal with an argument from the defendant who was found to be
in contempt of court by the trial judge that the hearing should have been
adjourned because he was unwell and unable to attend. Lewison LJ stated at
[25]:

25 … Whether to adjourn a hearing is a matter of discretion for the first-
instance judge. This court will only interfere with a judge's exercise of
discretion if the judge has taken into account irrelevant matters, ignored
relevant matters or made a mistake of principle. Judges are often faced with
late applications for adjournment by litigants in person on medical grounds.
An adjournment is not simply there for the asking. While the court must
recognise that litigants in person are not as used to the stresses of
appearing in court as professional advocates, nevertheless something more than
stress occasioned by the litigation will be needed to support an application
for an adjournment. _In cases where the applicant complains of stress-related
illness, an adjournment is unlikely to serve any useful purpose because the
stress will simply recur on an adjourned hearing._ [emphasis added]

36 It was therefore pointless to adjourn the hearing if the reason Moses Tay
was unable to attend court is because the prospect itself exacerbates his
mental illness.[note: 26] There is no indication that his condition will get
better so long as the threat of committal continues to hang over his head like
the Sword of Damocles. Any adjournment would only lead to further
adjournments, and more wasted costs and time for everyone involved.

37 While the contemnor has a right to be heard (see O 52 r 5(4) of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)), there is no rule that the contemnor
_must_ be present at the committal hearing before he can be convicted. Of
course, it would be best if he was in attendance to meet such a serious charge
against him, but it would similarly not serve the interests of justice to
allow a person in contempt of court to avoid the consequences of his actions
through deliberate delay. Most importantly, Moses Tay did have the opportunity
to state his case. He had deposed a detailed affidavit dated 22 November 2011
putting forth his side of the story. He also had a lawyer who could represent
his interests in court.

The second argument

38 It was in Moses Tay’s closing submissions that Mr Thirumurthy first raised
the possibility that Moses Tay was already suffering from depression as of the
date the Mareva Injunction and the Anton Piller Order were served on him. This
contention was unsupported by any medical report, even though there was
sufficient time for Moses Tay or his family to obtain such a report in the
years leading up to the hearing. There was still no excuse even if I assume
that Mr Thirumurthy had simply not considered this possibility until a late
stage.

39 At the end of the hearing on 10 April 2014, I directed that parties file
their closing submissions by 22 May 2014.[note: 27] Moses Tay failed to
comply. Mr Thirumurthy wrote in one day after the deadline for an extension of
time on the ground that Moses Tay was waiting for a further medical report
from his doctors.[note: 28] Then on 6 June 2014, another request for an
extension of time was filed.[note: 29] I granted a further extension of time.
However, when Moses Tay’s closing submissions were finally filed on 16 June
2014, it was unaccompanied by any updated medical report. It only said that Mr
Thirumurthy had written to IMH for a further medical report in this
regard.[note: 30] By then, it had been more than two months since the hearing
of 10 April 2014. Indeed, at the hearing itself Mr Thirumurthy had said he was
already in the _process_ of getting that further report, which meant that the
request must have been made _prior_ to 10 April 2014.[note: 31]

40 On 8 September 2014 (some _three_ months after he filed Moses Tay’s closing
submissions, and nearly _five_ months after the hearing on 10 April 2014), Mr
Thirumurthy filed an affidavit containing two medical reports from Dr Wei Ker-
Chiah (“Dr Wei”) of IMH dated 18 June 2014 and 3 July 2014 respectively. I
note that Mr Thirumurthy had earlier stated that he would be obtaining a
medical report from a _different_ doctor, Dr Seng Kok Han[note: 32] (who Mr
Thirumurthy had stated had been Moses Tay’s doctor for the last two
years[note: 33]). I infer that Dr Seng was not able to provide Moses Tay with
a favourable report. It is also odd that Dr Wei’s reports were only disclosed
more than two months after they were prepared.

41 In any event, Dr Wei’s first report dated 18 June 2014 stated that it was
documented that Moses Tay’s depressive symptoms had started two months before
the date of his admission on 28 December 2010 _, and not before August
2010_.[note: 34] This _contradicted_ Moses Tay’s position. Mr Thirumurthy then
asked for a _further_ medical report, which Dr Wei provided in a letter dated
3 July 2014. Dr Wei stated that it was _possible_ that the symptoms could have
started even before October 2010.[note: 35] Dr Wei also expressed the opinion
that when Moses Tay was depressed in 2010, this _could_ have resulted in
difficulties regarding his ability to concentrate while reading documents and
to understand them completely.[note: 36] It was also noted by Dr Wei that
severe depression could also result in Moses Tay having little motivation to
do anything or to respond to others, which could be a contributing factor for
his inaction to take the necessary steps to comply with the court orders at
the time.[note: 37]

42 Other than Dr Wei’s report which, in my view, was somewhat speculative,
none of the other medical reports indicated that he was suffering from
depression at the time of the alleged breaches in August 2010, or demonstrated
any causal link between the alleged breaches and Moses Tay’s mental illness.

43 There is, therefore, no evidence that Moses Tay was depressed at the time
the Orders of Court were served on him, much less that his failure to abide by
the Orders of Court was due to his mental illness. Indeed, the evidence
indicated otherwise. On 22 November 2010, Moses Tay filed an affidavit on
behalf of the Contemnors. The affidavit is a hefty 137 page document,
excluding attachments. It deals with every single allegation made by the
plaintiff against the Contemnors. This affidavit is significantly more complex
than any of the Orders of Court. Quite plainly, a man with the ability to
depose such a document was more than capable of understanding and abiding by
the Orders of Court. The affidavit makes no mention of Moses Tay’s depression.
It indicates to me that, as of 22 November 2010, Moses Tay could not have been
suffering from a mental illness that was so serious as to negate the _mens
rea_ for contempt of court. It should also be noted that it is _not_ necessary
for a defendant to have a _total_ understanding of the court order before he
can be held liable for contempt, as stated in _Pertamina_ at [57]:

57 Indeed, the strictness of law with regard to the issue of  _mens rea_ in so
far as a party to a court order is concerned is underscored by the decision of
the English Court of Appeal in  _P v P_ ([52]  _supra_). In that case, the
alleged contemnor was a husband who suffered from a medical condition that
rendered him deaf and dumb, and with deteriorating eyesight that resulted in
little more than tunnel vision; he did, however, possess an average IQ (see at
898). He was held to have been in breach of an injunction forbidding his
return to the matrimonial home. Butler-Sloss LJ observed thus (at 902):

**[A] degree of understanding, which is not total, may in a case be
sufficient.** _It is not necessary for members of the public to have a clear
understanding of the finer points of procedure of the law in the case in which
they are parties. It depends upon the facts. It is however crucial that a
litigant against whom an order is to be made understands what he must not do,
that the order on a piece of paper tells him he must not do A or B or C and
that he understands that if he disobeys the order he will be in trouble and he
may go to prison._

In the same case, Judge LJ (as he then was) stated, in a similar vein, thus
(at 903):

To amount to contempt the disobedience must be wilful or deliberate rather
than accidental and unintentional, and so, consistently with that principle,
contempt cannot be established, for example, against an individual who,
unaware of the existence of the order, acts contrary to its terms.  _What,
however, is not required is proof that in committing the prohibited act he
intended to be contumacious or that he was motivated by a desire to defy the
court_.

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold]

44 In Moses Tay’s closing submissions, Mr Thirumurthy made an entirely
unexpected argument. He claimed that Moses Tay’s affidavit dated 22 November
2010 was actually filed on instructions from Mrs Tay, one Mr Chua Seng Chai
(“Mr Chua”), who was the manager of IRPL, and Martin Tay, because Moses Tay
“could not give [them] proper instructions right from the beginning”.[note:
38] This is a bare assertion by Mr Thirumurthy, which contradicted his own
client’s affidavit. To put it mildly, it is quite _improper_ for Moses Tay’s
solicitors to “supplant and undermine the position taken by their clients and
affirmed in a factual affidavit”, to borrow the words of the plaintiff’s
solicitors.[note: 39]

45 Indeed, this new assertion is contradicted by Martin Tay, who said that it
was Moses Tay who called the shots when preparing the 22 November 2010
affidavit. The relevant portion of the transcript is as follows: [note: 40]

QLet me ask you this question instead, Mr Tay. Did you read through this
affidavit before it was filed, because it’s filed on your behalf?

AI did read through it, yes.

QSo if you have read through it, you must have read in relation to the
paragraphs that pertained to you, yes?

AYes.

QAnd for this affidavit to be filed on your behalf, it must mean that you
didn’t disagree with it, yes?

A **I think whether I agreed or not, it was filed by the 1st defendant [**
**_ie_** , **Moses Tay], I have no say.**

QYou have no say in relation to the affidavit that’s filed on your behalf, Mr
Tay, is that what you are telling the Court?

AAs you know, my---1st defendant is my father and he---he can be very
demanding and whether I have an opinion or not, it’s what has been written in
this affidavit.

Q **So your father called the shots on this affidavit. Is that so?**

A **That is correct.**

QAnd this is on the 22nd of November 2010.

AYes.

QIs that correct?

AYes.

[emphasis added in bold]

46 Accordingly, Mr Thirumurthy’s submission that Moses Tay’s alleged breaches
of the Orders of Court were caused by his depression at the material time is
without basis, and must be rejected.

47 I will now proceed to consider whether Moses Tay was in fact in breach of
the Orders of Court by examining the factual circumstances behind his alleged
breaches.

Events on 23 August 2010

The service of the Anton Piller Order and the Mareva Injunction in the morning
of 23 August 2010

48 On 23 August 2010, three days after obtaining the Mareva Injunction and the
Anton Piller Order, the plaintiff sent a party to the Golden Agri Premises to
serve the said orders on Moses Tay as well as to execute the Anton Piller
Order. The party comprised the following persons:[note: 41]

(a) Mr L Kuppanchetti Nadimuthu (“Mr Kuppan”), the supervising solicitor;

(b) Mr Arthur Yap (“Mr Yap”), an advocate & solicitor from Messrs Tan Kok Quan
Partnership (“TKQP”), the plaintiff’s solicitors; and

(c) Mr Chia Aik Kiat, a representative and computer forensic specialist
engaged by the plaintiff.

49 At about 10.40 am, the party arrived at the Golden Agri Premises. Mr Kuppan
said he then served the Anton Piller Order by handing it to Moses Tay.[note:
42] Mr Kuppan also stated that Moses Tay appeared to be in control of the
premises.[note: 43]

50 Mr Kuppan offered to explain the Anton Piller Order to Moses Tay. Moses Tay
initially refused to hear him and said that he wanted to seek legal advice
from Mr Thirumurthy. Phone calls were made. At about 11.03 am, Mr Kuppan spoke
to Mr Thirumurthy on the phone, and they agreed to give Moses Tay about two
hours to take legal advice and, if necessary, for Mr Thirumurthy to be present
at the Golden Agri Premises before the search was carried out.[note: 44]

51 Mr Kuppan said he explained the Anton Piller Order to Moses Tay at about
11.05 am, and brought to his attention that failure to comply would be
contempt of court.[note: 45] However, after the explanation was done, Moses
Tay refused to sign a form that confirmed that Mr Kuppan had read and
explained the order of court to him.[note: 46]

52 It is also the plaintiff’s case that Mr Yap served, _inter alia_ , the
Mareva Injunction on Moses Tay at 11.40 am.[note: 47] Mr Yap also went through
and explained the terms of the Mareva Injunction to Moses Tay, who took the
documents and left them on the conference table in the Golden Agri Premises.
Mr Kuppan then asked Moses Tay about the other three persons present at the
premises. Moses Tay replied that they were not his employees as they were
employed by IRPL, before walking off and leaving the Golden Agri
Premises.[note: 48] He returned at around 12.17 pm, and was seen going in and
out of the said premises several times.[note: 49] What is crucial to note was
that Moses Tay was absent from the Golden Agri Premises between 2.11 pm and
4.05 pm,[note: 50] and the significance of this will be apparent later.

53 Moses Tay gave a different account of the preceding events in his
affidavit. He denied that he had been properly served. He said that he refused
to listen to the solicitors’ attempts to explain the orders. He also claimed
that he was never told that he was lawfully bound to accept service of the
documents there and then. Nor were the terms and the consequences of breach
explained to him. He claimed that both Mr Kuppan and Mr Yap agreed to await
the arrival of his lawyers.[note: 51]

54 I prefer Mr Kuppan’s account, which I found to be credible and consistent.
The agreement to give Mr Thirumurthy some time to go to the Golden Agri
Premises only concerned the execution of the Anton Piller Order, and had
nothing at all to do with service.

55 I also agree with the plaintiff that the Anton Piller Order and the Mareva
Injunction (which are based on standard forms) are clear and unambiguous as to
what they required the Contemnors to do and/or refrain from doing. These had
been served and explained to Moses Tay. Accordingly, by 11.45 am on 23 August
2010, Moses Tay already had notice of the terms of the Mareva Injunction and
the Anton Piller Order.[note: 52]

56 For completeness, I would still be of the view that the orders had been
sufficiently served even if I accept Moses Tay’s version of the events (which
I do not). As stated long ago in _Thomson v Pheney_ (1832) 1 DPC 441 at 443,
if the person to be served refuses to accept service of a document, it could
nevertheless be proper if the server informed the person to be served of the
nature of the document and throws it down in his presence (see Jeffrey Pinsler
SC gen ed, _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (LexisNexis, 2009) (“Singapore
Court Practice”) at para 10/1/7).

57 Counsel for the plaintiff also referred to the case of _Wardle Fabrics Ltd
v G Myristis Ltd_ [1984] FSR 263, where the contemnor in that case had refused
to allow the plaintiff’s solicitor to read a search order to him despite being
warned by the solicitor that he might be liable for contempt if he does so (at
268-269). The contemnor refused and was found to be liable for contempt.

58 Finally, Moses Tay also averred that he would have listened to Mr Yap’s
explanation carefully had Mr Yap emphasised the consequences of a failure to
comply with the Mareva Injunction.[note: 53] This is unbelievable. I have no
reason to believe that Mr Yap failed to do so. In any event, Moses Tay was
well aware of what might follow as he had previously been committed to prison
for breaching a Mareva injunction. The facts that led to his incarceration are
set out in _Precious Wishes Ltd v Sinoble Metalloy International (Pte) Ltd_
[2000] SGHC 5 (“ _Precious Wishes_ ”).

Attempted execution of the Anton Piller Order at the Golden Agri
Premises[note: 54]

59 Notwithstanding that Moses Tay had been properly served and was aware of
the Anton Piller Order, he did not permit the plaintiff’s search party to
commence the search on 23 August 2010 despite the clear words of the order.
Entry to the Golden Agri Premises was only effected on 1 September 2010.

60 Moses Tay had initially refused to allow entry and search because he wanted
to wait for his lawyer. He was entitled to do so, under para 3 of the Anton
Piller Order, but only for a period not exceeding 2 hours, unless extended by
agreement. The efficacy of an Anton Piller Order requires that any delay
between its service and its execution be kept to a minimum. By about 1.07 pm,
Mr Kuppan had made it clear that that Moses Tay has had reasonable time to get
legal advice and that the plaintiff was not willing to wait further.[note: 55]
Nevertheless, Moses Tay persisted in his refusal.

61 Mr Thirumurthy only arrived at about 3.30 pm. Again, permission to search
was denied. At about 4.30 pm, Mr Thirumurthy showed Mr Kuppan a tenancy
agreement dated 13 May 2010 indicating that the Golden Agri Premises was
actually owned by IRPL, and not by Moses Tay or RMMPL. Mr Thirumurthy also
informed the search party that the other person at the premises, Mr Chua, was
the manager of IRPL and that Mr Chua, too, did not want the search party to
remain at the premises.[note: 56]

62 The issue is whether Moses Tay could have given permission for the search
party to enter the Golden Agri Premises in the first place. First, the said
premises were owned by IRPL, which had not yet been joined as a defendant as
of 23 August 2010 ([8] above). Second, it was claimed that Moses Tay was not a
director of IRPL at the time and therefore had no right to allow or disallow a
search of the Golden Agri Premises.[note: 57] In his affidavit, he claimed
that he had resigned as a director of IRPL on 25 July 2010 and that he was not
in charge of the premises. He said he told Mr Kuppan and Mr Yap to ask an
actual director or someone who was in charge instead.[note: 58]

63 In my view, Moses Tay _did_ have the authority to permit entry to the
Golden Agri Premises. Paragraph 1(d) of the Anton Piller Order required the
defendants or their employees or the _persons appearing to be in control of
the premises to permit entry_. I find that Moses Tay’s supposed resignation on
25 July 2010 was a sham designed to enable him to deny that he was in breach
of the Anton Piller Order. Moses Tay had purported to resign as director of a
number of other companies on that day as well, for no discernible commercial
reason.[note: 59] The Change of Particulars of Company’s Directors, Managers,
Secretaries and Auditors for Moses Tay in respect of his resignation was only
lodged on 24 August 2010 – the _very day after the attempted execution of the
Anton Piller Order_. Martin Tay, who made the lodgement, also admitted that
this was done on his father’s instructions.[note: 60] Martin Tay said that
Moses Tay continued to call the shots for IRPL even after his father
supposedly ceased to be a director.[note: 61] Moreover, Moses Tay’s actions on
25 July 2010 were also inconsistent with someone who no longer had any control
over the premises. He had opposed the execution of the search in a manner
which indicated that he had the power to grant the right of entry.

64 Accordingly, I find that Moses Tay is in breach of the Anton Piller Order
for preventing the execution of the said order at the Golden Agri Premises on
23 August 2010.

Attempted execution of the Anton Piller Order at the Sentosa Cove
Premises[note: 62]

65 Meanwhile, the plaintiff despatched another party to the Sentosa Cove
Premises, as it was intended for the searches at the Golden Agri Premises and
the Sentosa Cove Premises to be conducted simultaneously. The Sentosa Cove
Premises was then Moses Tay’s residence.[note: 63] The supervising solicitor
for the search at the Sentosa Cove Premises was Mr Mohan Das Naidu (“Mr
Naidu”).

66 On 23 August 2010, Mr Naidu and the search party arrived at the Sentosa
Cove Premises at 11.00 am but there was no response from anyone in the flat.
The party asked the management staff to help them enter, but to no avail.
However, one of the management staff managed to get hold of Mrs Tay on the
phone. Mr Eddee Ng of TKQP spoke to her, and Mrs Tay said she was not home and
would not be able to go back straightaway.[note: 64] In any event, Mrs Tay did
not go to the Sentosa Cove Premises to open the doors for the plaintiff’s
solicitors.

67 Mr Kuppan was explaining the Anton Piller Order to Moses Tay at the Golden
Agri Premises while this was going on. A woman (who would appear to be Mrs
Tay[note: 65]) in the premises called out to Moses Tay and said that “they
were also at his house”. Moses Tay then asked why did they want to “go there”,
when he was here. Mr Kuppan’s reply was that the Sentosa Cove Premises was
also covered by the Anton Piller Order.[note: 66]

68 At 1.00 pm, Mr Kuppan asked Moses Tay if he had “facilitated” the other
search party’s entry to the Sentosa Cove Premises. Moses Tay replied that
there was no one at home and since he was stuck at the Golden Agri Premises,
he cannot be at the Sentosa Cove Premises.[note: 67]

69 At around 4.30 pm, Mr Yap asked Mr Thirumurthy if Moses Tay will facilitate
the team at Sentosa Cove Premises to make entry and search the next day.
According to the plaintiff, Moses Tay agreed to allow the Plaintiff to make
entry and carry out the search of the Sentosa Cove Premises on the following
morning at 9.00 am.[note: 68]

70 Moses Tay denied that he was in breach of the Anton Piller Order on this
ground. He said he did not deny the search party entry to the Sentosa Cove
Premises on 23 August 2010. His arguments were as follows:[note: 69]

(a) First, he was at the Golden Agri Premises, which meant that he could not
be at the Sentosa Cove Premises to facilitate the search. Mr Kuppan and Mr Yap
did not advise Moses Tay to leave the Golden Agri Premises to go to the
Sentosa Cove Premises.

(b) Secondly, he denied that Mrs Tay was informed that non-compliance could
expose them to contempt of court charges or that she had ever said that she
would return after 3.00 pm or allow the search at the Sentosa Cove Premises.

(c) Thirdly, Mr Naidu had never told him that he was at the Sentosa Cove
Premises or warned him that they had a right to search there. He was only told
by a different batch of solicitors after 3.00 pm at the Golden Agri Premises.

(d) Finally, everyone agreed that Moses Tay would allow a search of the
Sentosa Cove Premises on the next day on 24 August 2010. The only disagreement
in that respect was the time.

71 In response to these contentions, the plaintiff pointed out that Moses Tay
had plenty of time to go to the Sentosa Cove Premises to allow entry and/or
make the necessary arrangements. Moreover, since Mrs Tay was present at the
Golden Agri Premises[note: 70] (although this was not known to the plaintiff
at the time), he could easily have given instructions for her to give access
to the Sentosa Cove Premises.[note: 71]

72 While the Anton Piller Order requires the alleged contemnor to allow entry
to a certain address, unless and until he is actually asked for such
permission to enter he cannot be faulted for not giving it. In a situation
where an Anton Piller Order is being executed at several places
simultaneously, and for whatever reason some of those addresses are vacant at
the time, it should be made clear to the defendant that he is expected to make
arrangements to enable the search to commence at each of those places
immediately. It goes without saying that it would not be contempt of court if
it is not within his power or means to do so. However, if it is indeed within
his means, he cannot be excused for not taking the necessary steps to do so.

73 In the present case, I find that Moses Tay would have understood that Mr
Kuppan’s query as to whether he had facilitated the entry of the search party
at the Sentosa Cove Premises to be such a request. He was aware that the
plaintiff’s solicitors were at the Sentosa Cove Premises by then. Mrs Tay was
at the Golden Agri Premises with him. The fact that he told Mr Kuppan that he
could not be there indicates that he knew that the plaintiff wanted to enter
the Sentosa Cove Premises – he was in effect giving his reason why he could
not actually allow them entry. Nevertheless, it was within Moses Tay’s power
to allow the other search party entry into the Sentosa Cove Premises. I do not
give this excuse any credence. He had left the Golden Agri Premises on several
occasions, and could easily have travelled to the Sentosa Cove Premises during
one of his absences if he had wanted to. Moses Tay could also have asked Mrs
Tay to give the search party access to the Sentosa Cove Premises. Of course,
it would not be Moses Tay’s fault if he had asked and Mrs Tay had refused.

74 Accordingly, I find that Moses Tay was in breach of the Anton Piller Order
by failing to allow the plaintiff to enter the Sentosa Cove Premises on 23
August 2010.

The withdrawal of $380,000 from the OCBC account

75 As noted at [52] above, Moses Tay was absent from the Golden Agri Premises
for certain periods of time, crucially between 2.11 pm and 4.05 pm. The
plaintiff was able to track Moses Tay’s whereabouts as they had hired a
security and private investigation company to trail Moses Tay on 23 August
2010.[note: 72] It turned out that he had gone to OCBC Centre during that time
to withdraw $380,000 from his OCBC account. This was in clear breach of the
Mareva Injunction which prohibits Moses Tay from disposing of, dealing with or
diminishing the value of any of his assets, and such assets expressly included
his money in bank accounts.[note: 73]

76 Moses Tay did not dispute that the withdrawal was made and also admitted
that it was a breach of the Mareva Injunction. However, he urged the court to
consider it as merely a “technical” breach.[note: 74] He claimed that he was
ignorant and confused about what exactly he was prohibited from doing because
he was still waiting for his solicitor to explain to him the meaning of the
Mareva Injunction. He claimed he did not know that he was required to obtain
the leave of court or the consent of the plaintiff for such withdrawals.
Moreover, he thought that his bank account would be “frozen”, so he wanted to
withdraw money for his family’s urgent use.[note: 75] Yet despite this
admission, no attempt was ever made by Moses Tay to restore the $380,000 to
the OCBC account.

77 Moses Tay also claimed that he was not in breach as the sum withdrawn was a
term loan he took from OCBC earlier for purposes of paying his mortgage,
income tax and business expenses. However, the evidence showed that the sum of
$380,000 had already been paid to Moses Tay’s OCBC account on 20 August
2010.[note: 76] I do not see how the fact that the money was originally a loan
changed the fact that it was money in his bank account, which would fall under
the prohibition set out in the Mareva Injunction.

78 I have no hesitation in finding that Moses Tay had deliberately breached
the Mareva Injunction by withdrawing the $380,000 from the OCBC account. The
terms of the Mareva Injunction were clear. Moses Tay had been jailed for
breaching a Mareva injunction before (see [58] above) and he could not
possibly have drawn down such a large sum so soon after being served with the
Mareva Injunction in innocence. Moses Tay was well aware of what he was doing.

At the Sentosa Cove Premises on 24 August 2010[note: 77]

79 The next day, Mr Naidu and the plaintiff’s solicitors showed up at the
Sentosa Cove Premises at 9.00 am. When he rang the bell, Moses Tay answered
over an intercom. When Mr Naidu told Moses Tay they were there to search his
house, Moses Tay told him that they could not enter until Mr Thirumurthy
arrived.[note: 78]

80 Moses Tay said he had informed the plaintiff’s solicitors the day before at
the Golden Agri Premises that the Plaintiff’s solicitors would only be allowed
entry at 10.30 am when Moses Tay’s solicitor would be able to arrive after
court mentions.[note: 79]

81 In any event, the search party was allowed entry at 10.45 am when Mr
Thirumurthy arrived.[note: 80]

82 With respect to the events at the Sentosa Cove Premises on 24 August 2010,
there were numerous breaches alleged against Moses Tay. This included the fact
that the entry to the said premises were delayed, the fact that Moses Tay
refused to allow the search party to search personal effects and items such as
his mobile phones and blackberry devices, to image a hard disk that was found
at the premises and to peruse and photocopy a pocket diary that belonged to
Moses Tay.[note: 81] These allegations were not taken up in the plaintiff’s
written submissions dated 22 May 2014 and I take it that they are no longer
being pursued. I will therefore speak no more about it.

Moses Tay’s failure to disclose the necessary documents as required under the
Anton Piller Order and the Mareva Injunction

83 It is undisputed that Moses Tay did fail to disclose the necessary
documents as required by the Anton Piller Order and the Mareva Injunction in
time.[note: 82] Moses Tay failed to comply with the following
requirements:[note: 83]

(a) Under para 5 of the Anton Piller Order, to immediately inform the
plaintiff’s solicitors of the location of all the items listed in schedule 2
of the order, and the location of all the residential and/or business
addresses occupied by the defendants, and to prepare and swear affidavits
confirming this information within 8 days of being served with the order.

(b) Under para 3 of the Mareva Injunction, to immediately in writing inform
the plaintiff’s solicitors of all their assets whether in or outside
Singapore, with the relevant details, which information must be confirmed in
an affidavit to be served on the plaintiff’s solicitors within 8 days of the
service of the order.

(c) Under para 3 of the Mareva Injunction, to give discovery of the documents
listed in schedule 2 of the order by filing and serving a list of documents as
well as an affidavit verifying the list of documents, within 8 days after the
order has been served.

84 In his affidavit of 22 November 2010, Moses Tay stated that these omissions
were the result of “oversight”. He claimed that it was because the defendants’
solicitors at the time were busy with defending the civil suit in the main
action, which was why they overlooked the requirement and/or did not have
sufficient time to prepare the necessary affidavits and information. He even
asked the court to give them some time to prepare and furnish the necessary
information and affidavits. Further, he claimed that the documents involved
were voluminous and many of them were missing or misplaced because RMMPL had
ceased doing business in 2009.[note: 84]

85 In this regard, I agree with the plaintiff that these “excuses ring
hollow”.[note: 85] Moses Tay failed to comply with these obligations, despite
beseeching the court to give him more time in his affidavit.[note: 86] This
was so even after the plaintiff subsequently obtained an order for specific
discovery against him on 30 October 2012 for the documents which he should
have disclosed under the Anton Piller Order and the Mareva Injunction,[note:
87] which he again failed to comply with. The plaintiff subsequently obtained
an “unless” order against Moses Tay, which eventually culminated in an
interlocutory judgment being entered against him on 28 March 2013.[note: 88]
There is no reasonable explanation for why these breaches were never
subsequently remedied in a reasonable time – as one might expect if these were
mere failures or omissions or misunderstandings, as alleged.

86 Accordingly, I find Moses Tay to be in breach for failing to comply with
the disclosure requirements in the Anton Piller Order and the Mareva
Injunction.

Ancillary Orders dated 27 August 2010

87 Finally, I turn to Moses Tay’s alleged breach of the Ancillary Orders by
refusing to surrender his passport as required. Paragraphs (2) and (3) of the
said order stated that Moses Tay was to be restrained from leaving Singapore
until further order and that he should forthwith deliver up all his passports
to the person who shall serve the order upon him.

88 Moses Tay had on several occasions attempted to evade service of the
Ancillary Orders obtained on 27 August 2010. After several attempts, the
Ancillary Orders were served on Moses Tay on 15 October 2010 at Mr
Thirumurthy’s office.[note: 89] Even at this point, Moses Tay did not give up
his passport to the plaintiff’s process server, Mr Chia Chiap Suah, as he was
bound to do. Mr Chia gave evidence that when Moses Tay was informed that he
was to deliver up all his passports to the person serving the Ancillary Order
on him, Moses Tay asserted that he “does not have a passport”.[note: 90]

89 Mr Thirumurthy submitted that Moses Tay had never denied that he has a
passport, but that he could not find it “at the material time”.[note: 91] In
any event, the contention is the same, _ie_ , Moses Tay had no access to his
passport so he could not have complied. This is inherently difficult to
believe. In any event, there is evidence that Moses Tay did have access to his
passport. On 18 January 2012, IRPL filed the affidavit of Mr Chua in support
of its striking out application. Annexed to the said affidavit were minutes of
an Extraordinary General Meeting of PTWMM which was held on 7 February 2011 in
Bogor, Indonesia. The said minutes were notarised by an Indonesian notary
public on 7 March 2011, and it was recorded that Moses Tay was present at the
meeting.[note: 92] Quite simply, he could not have travelled to Indonesia
without a passport.

90 Moses Tay has also complained that the order for him to surrender his
passport to the plaintiff is “puzzling and unnecessary”, and that the
plaintiff only wanted to “harass” him.[note: 93] This is not a defence for
contempt of court, as is clear from the following passage from Mark S W Hoyle,
_Freezing and Search Orders_ (Informa, 4th Ed, 2006) at para 9.17 (which was
cited with approval in _Pertamina_ at [82]):

It is no defence to contempt proceedings to allege that the order should not
have been made, or has been discharged. An order of the court must be obeyed
while it stands, and a breach is still contempt even if, at a later stage, the
order is in fact discharged. The same principle applies if the original order
was wrongly made; the defendant's remedy is to apply for its immediate
discharge while keeping to its terms.

91 In the first place, I do not consider Moses Tay’s characterisation of the
Ancillary Orders to be a fair one. Nonetheless, even if Moses Tay had
considered the order to be unduly oppressive, it was not for him to choose
whether or not it should be obeyed. He should have handed over his passport.
If he thought that the order was wrong, he should have asked his lawyer to
apply to court to vary or discharge the order. Having failed to do so, he
cannot now complain that he is held in contempt of court.

92 I therefore find that Moses Tay is in breach of the Ancillary Orders for
failing to deliver his passport to the plaintiff.

Conclusion on Moses Tay’s liability

93 In conclusion, I find that Moses Tay is guilty of contempt of court for the
following breaches:

(a) preventing the execution of the Anton Piller Order at the Golden Agri
Premises (at [64] above);

(b) preventing the execution of the Anton Piller Order at the Sentosa Cove
Premises (at [74] above);

(c) withdrawing $380,000 from his OCBC account in breach of the Mareva
Injunction (at [78] above);

(d) failing to comply with the disclosure requirements in the Anton Piller
Order and the Mareva Injunction (at [86] above); and

(e) failing to deliver his passport to the plaintiff in breach of the
Ancillary Orders (at [92] above).

Liability of RMMPL and Moses Tay as a director

94 For RMMPL, its breaches relate generally to its failure to comply timeously
with the disclosure requirements prescribed in the Anton Piller Order and the
Mareva Injunction.

95 Both Moses Tay and Martin Tay are also potentially liable for those
breaches as directors of RMMPL, pursuant to O 45 r 5(1)(a)(ii) of the Rules of
Court, which states:

5\. — (1) Where —

(_a_) a person required by a judgment or order to do an act within a time
specified in the judgment or order refuses or neglects to do it within that
time or, as the case may be, within that time as extended or abridged under
Order 3, Rule 4…

…

then, subject to these Rules, the judgment or order may be enforced by one or
more of the following means:

…

(ii) where that person is a body corporate, with the leave of the Court, an
order of committal against any director or other officer of the body…

96 In this section, I will consider RMMPL’s alleged breaches and Moses Tay’s
liability as a director for those breaches concurrently, because they
essentially overlap. I will consider Martin Tay’s liability later.

97 The Plaintiff’s case against RMMPL is as follows:[note: 94]

(a) RMMPL breached paras 2 and 3 of the Mareva Injunction by:

(i) failing to inform the Plaintiff in writing at once of all its assets;

(ii) failing to file and serve an affidavit within 8 days after being served
with the Mareva Injunction; and

(iii) failing to give discovery of the documents listed in Schedule 2 of the
Mareva Injunction, in particular by failing to file and serve a list of
documents and an affidavit verifying the same.

(b) RMMPL also breached the Anton Piller Order by:[note: 95]

(i) failing to comply with para 5(a)(i) of the Anton Piller Order, in
particular, by refusing to state the names of RMMPL’s auditors;

(ii) falsely informing the Plaintiff’s solicitors that RMMPL’s documents were
with its auditors when they were not;

(iii) failing to give discovery of the documents listed in Schedule 2 of the
Anton Piller Order, in particular by failing to file and serve a list of
documents and an affidavit verifying the same (as required under para 5(b) of
the Anton Piller Order); and

(iv) removing and/or destroying material evidence, as evidenced by (A) Moses
Tay’s refusal to allow the execution of the Anton Piller Order at the Golden
Agri Premises and the Sentosa Cove Premises on 23 August 2010, and (B) that on
1 September 2010, several empty arch lever files containing dividers labelled
“RMM” were found within the Golden Agri Premises.

98 Service of the Anton Piller Order and the Mareva Injunction was effected on
RMMPL by leaving copies of the same at its registered address on 23 August
2010. These documents were also served on Moses Tay on the same day, which
would give him notice of his obligations to comply with the aforementioned
orders as a director of RMMPL. Again, the reasons given by Moses Tay for the
failure by RMMPL to comply with respect to breaches (a)(i) to (iii) and
(b)(iii) in the preceding paragraph above were “oversight” and lack of
time.[note: 96] These are not acceptable excuses. Accordingly, RMMPL and Moses
Tay are in breach on these grounds.

99 As for the breaches alleged in [97(b)(i)] and [97(b)(ii)] above, I will
first set out the context of the alleged breaches. According to Mr Naidu’s
report, Mr Yap asked Moses Tay where RMMPL’s documents were during the
execution of the Anton Piller Order on 24 August 2010 at the Sentosa Cove
Premises. Moses Tay responded by saying that they were “probably” with RMMPL’s
auditors. However, when Mr Yap asked Moses Tay who the auditors were, he
refused to answer. He said that he could disclose this fact later in his
affidavit (_ie_ , the one to be served and filed within 8 days from the
service of the order). It was also recorded that Moses Tay further stated that
he was unable to recollect as RMMPL had been dormant for over a year or
so.[note: 97] However, it turned out that the documents were not actually with
RMMPL’s auditors.[note: 98]

100 Moses Tay explained that he had said that the documents were “probably”
with the auditors because he was not sure where the documents were at the
time. As for why he had refused to say who the auditors were, he claimed that
the plaintiff’s solicitors could have easily discovered this fact from public
records and that in any event he had told them that he was unsure of this as
this was handled by other staff of RMMPL at the material time.[note: 99]

101 In this respect, I am prepared to give Moses Tay the benefit of the doubt.
In such circumstances, it is not improbable that he was simply unsure as to
who the auditors were and where the documents were located. However, an honest
answer is not enough. He must take reasonable steps to find out the truth. I
agree with the following remarks by Neuberger J (as he then was) in _Bird v
Hadkinson_ [2000] CP Rep 21:

If the inaccurate answer is given in good faith, and if the inaccurate answer
is given after investigating the matter in a way which is reasonable in all
the circumstances, then either the contempt would be of a most technical
nature, or if everything reasonable was indeed done, there may be no contempt.
It may very well be that, although the order strictly requires an accurate
answer, the court would regard a person who takes all reasonable steps to
obtain the information and gives an honest, but inaccurate, answer, as having
complied with his obligation: he has done all that could reasonably be
expected of him. _But if the respondent has not taken reasonable steps to
investigate the truth or otherwise of the answer he gives, then I consider
that there is a contempt if the answer is not accurate._ [emphasis added]

102 This, however, was not a case where “everything reasonable was indeed
done”. Moses Tay had not taken reasonable steps to provide the required
answers to the plaintiff in a timeous fashion. He displayed a cavalier
attitude towards compliance. Accordingly, RMMPL and Moses Tay are guilty of
the breaches stated at [97(b)(i)] and [97(b)(ii)] above.

103 Finally, as regards the alleged breach stated at [97(b)(iv)] above, I am
again willing to give Moses Tay and RMMPL the benefit of the doubt. In the
first place, _RMMPL_ could hardly have _refused_ to allow the execution of the
Anton Piller Order at the Golden Agri Premises and the Sentosa Cove Premises
since RMMPL had no control over those premises and could hardly have permitted
entry. While I have found that Moses Tay _did_ refuse, I do not think that he
did so in his position as a director of RMMPL. More importantly, I do not
think the plaintiff has proved beyond a reasonable doubt that RMMPL had
destroyed documents. The plaintiff’s main basis for this was that when the
Anton Piller Order was executed at the Golden Agri Premises on 1 September
2010, the plaintiff found several empty arch-lever files labelled “RMM”, which
the Plaintiff believed to be the abbreviation of RMMPL.[note: 100] Moses Tay
argued that “RMM” referred to “RM Martin Supplies and Services”, which was a
sole proprietorship of Mrs Tay, and not owned by RMMPL. The spine labels of
these files were blanked out using correction tape because they were recycled
files.[note: 101] It emerged during the cross examination of Martin Tay that
RM Martin Supplies and Services was actually the precursor to RMMPL.[note:
102] While this raised suspicions, I am not persuaded that this means that
RMMPL must have deliberately destroyed evidence.

104 Finally, counsel for Martin Tay argued that RMMPL had not _refused_ or
_neglected_ to comply with paras 2 and 3 of the Mareva Injunction and para 5
of the Anton Piller Order. It had only failed or omitted to do so, in which
case O 45 r 5(1)(a) would not apply. Counsel cited _P J Holdings Inc v Ariel
Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 582 (“ _Ariel Singapore_ ”) at [7] in
support of her contention. It is worth citing the paragraph in full:

7 **What happens then to an impecunious judgment debtor, as the defendant in
the present case depicts itself as?** In my view, under such circumstances,
committal proceedings should still not issue. My reasons are as follows. Order
45 r 5(1)(_a_) applies only when "a person required by a judgment or order to
do an act within a time specified in the judgment or order _refuses or
neglects_ to do it". The key words here are "refuse" and "neglect". In _Re
Quintin Dick_ [1926] Ch 992, Romer J held that the term "refuse or neglect"
was not equivalent to "fail or omit", and that the former implied a conscious
act of volition whereas the latter did not. In _Ng Tai Tuan v Chng Gim Huat
Pte Ltd_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 231, Chao Hick Tin JC (as he then was) expressed the
view that **the word "neglect" necessarily implies some element of fault**. He
cited the case of In _re London and Paris Banking Corporation_ (1874) LR 19 Eq
444 where Sir G Jessel MR said, at 446:

... the word 'neglected' is not necessarily equivalent to the word 'omitted'.
Negligence is a term which is well known in law. **Negligence in paying a debt
on demand, as I understand, is omitting to pay without reasonable excuse.**
Mere omission by itself does not amount to negligence. ...

The word "refuse" has also been similarly defined. In _DP Vijandran v Majlis
Peguam_ [1995] 2 MLJ 391, the court noted that "[t]he ordinary meaning of the
word refuse is to decline to give", and that "failure is not synonymous with
refusal". Similar sentiments were also expressed by the tribunal in _Lowson v
Percy Main & District Social Club & Institute Ltd_ [1979] ICR 568. I agree
with the foregoing cases. **In the premises, this means that an impecunious
debtor would be outside of the scope of O 45 r 5 as such a person cannot be
said to have "refused or neglected" to obey an order directing them to make
payment.** The combined effect of the fact that an impecunious debtor is
outside the scope of committal proceedings and the principle that such
proceedings are remedies of the last resort would mean that in the vast
majority of cases, committal proceedings would not apply to an order or
judgment for the payment of monies. In most instances, a person would
ordinarily be regarded as impecunious if he is unable to satisfy the judgment
debt upon the conclusion of the various execution proceedings. The logical
ending point in such cases should be a winding-up order or a bankruptcy order,
as the case may be. In the present case, the burden was on the plaintiff to
prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Ariel Singapore had neglected to make
payment. Having examined the documentary evidence, it was clear that Ariel
Singapore, which is now in liquidation, was in no position to make payment
during the material period.

[emphasis added in bold]

105 From the passage above, the difference between a person neglecting to do a
thing, and omitting to do a thing, is whether that person had a “reasonable
excuse”. It is also clear that a person is not at fault for failing to do the
impossible. _Ariel Singapore_ therefore stands for the clear proposition that
an impecunious defendant, who is in no position to satisfy an order to pay,
cannot be said to have “refused” or “neglected” to obey the order. RMMPL and
Moses Tay have not been tasked to do the impossible, nor did they have any
reasonable excuse for their failures to comply. Indeed, Moses Tay in his
affidavit had plainly admitted that the Defendants were “unfortunately lax and
delayed in dealing with the Mareva Injunction and the Anton Piller Order” and
in particular the provisions of disclosure therein.[note: 103]

106 For the aforesaid reasons, RMMPL and Moses Tay are liable for the breaches
stated in [97] above, except for the alleged breach listed at [97(b)(iv)].

Liability of Martin Tay as a director of RMMPL

107 The Plaintiff’s case against Martin Tay is that, as a director of RMMPL,
he was aware of the terms of the Mareva Injunction and the Anton Piller Order,
but did nothing to get RMMPL to comply with the said orders.

108 In his defence, Martin Tay raised the following points:

(a) first, he had resigned as a director on 25 July 2010, which is before the
date the Anton Piller Order and the Mareva Injunction were procured;[note:
104]

(b) secondly, even if he was still a director, he was not personally served
with the orders;[note: 105]

(c) thirdly, even if the court should retrospectively dispense with personal
service of the orders on Martin Tay, the orders were not brought to his
attention and he was not fully aware of the requirements of the orders;[note:
106]

(d) fourthly, even if he was aware of the requirements, Martin Tay reasonably
believed that Moses Tay was carrying out the necessary steps for compliance
with both orders and entrusted the matter to Moses Tay and RMMPL’s
solicitors;[note: 107] and

(e) fifthly, Martin Tay and RMMPL’s breaches were the result of failures or
omissions rather than refusal or neglect.[note: 108]

109 On the first point, I note that the circumstances of Martin Tay’s
purported resignation were suspicious. The director’s resolution accepting
Martin Tay’s resignation was only purportedly signed by Moses Tay on 18 August
2010, more than three weeks after the date of the resignation letter and one
day before the main suit was commenced.[note: 109] The Change of Particulars
was lodged on 25 August 2010 at 6.54 pm,[note: 110] two days after the service
of the Mareva Injunction and the Anton Piller Order. Martin Tay’s date of
resignation, 25 July 2010, was also the date that Moses Tay purportedly
resigned as director of IRPL (which I have already found was a sham at [63]
above) and various other companies.[note: 111] These supposed resignations
appear to have been timed to allow father and son to evade at least some of
the consequences of the Mareva Injunction and the Anton Piller Order.

110 As for why Martin Tay decided to quit RMMPL, he said that he wanted to go
“do his own thing”.[note: 112] Yet he remained as RMMPL’s company secretary as
well as a signatory to RMMPL’s Singapore dollar bank account even after his
purported resignation (until the said bank account was closed on 10 August
2010).[note: 113] More importantly, he _only_ purported to resign as a
director of RMMPL (a dormant company) while choosing to continue in a number
of other companies set up by Moses Tay which were _also_ dormant.[note: 114]
Martin Tay had also said he was not interested in the family business, other
than IRPL.[note: 115] I could not see any reason why he would only resign from
RMMPL and not from the other companies if his stated reason for his
resignation was true. Martin Tay himself could not come up with any good
answer when this question was put to him.[note: 116]

111 I do not find Martin Tay’s explanations credible. Taken together, these
circumstances indicated to me that Martin Tay’s resignation was a sham.
Accordingly, I find that Martin Tay was a director of RMMPL at the material
time.

112 On the second and third points, it is undisputed that the Anton Piller
Order and the Mareva Injunction were never served on Martin Tay
personally.[note: 117] Under O 45 r 7(3) of the Rules of Court, before an
order against a body corporate may be enforced by way of committal against a
director of the body corporate, a copy of the order must be served personally
on the aforesaid director and in the case of an order requiring the body
corporate to do an act, the copy has been so served before the expiration of
the time within which the body was required to do the act. However, the court
has the discretion to retrospectively dispense with the service of the orders
pursuant to O 45 r 7(7) of the Rules of Court (see _OCM Opportunities Fund II,
LP and others v Burhan Uray (alias Wong Ming Kiong) and others_ [2005] 3
SLR(R) 60 (“ _OCM_ ”) at [20] to [23]).

113 In my view, the crucial question is whether the procedural irregularity
has caused Martin Tay to suffer substantial prejudice or injustice. After
considering the matter, I find that this is an appropriate case for me to
exercise my discretion to dispense with the service of the orders as Martin
Tay was aware of the terms of the orders and alive to the consequences of non-
compliance (see _OCM_ at [25]). Martin Tay had admitted during cross-
examination that he did read the terms of the orders and the penal notices,
which referred to him by name.[note: 118] He said he had read them a week or
two weeks after 1 September 2010.[note: 119] However, I agree with the
plaintiff that the evidence indicates that Martin Tay must have been aware of
the terms of the orders _before_ 8 September 2010 as he was already involved
in the preparation of the defence for IRPL by then.[note: 120]

114 As for the fourth point, it went to the question of whether Martin Tay had
the requisite _mens rea_ such that he should be liable to be subject to an
order of committal. In the present case, Martin Tay’s stated reason for doing
nothing was that Moses Tay “said he would handle the matters and so I left it
to him”.[note: 121] I am prepared to accept that Martin Tay generally left the
management and day-to-day operations of RMMPL to his father. The question is
whether he should therefore be excused in these circumstances.

115 Counsel for Martin Tay cited the case of _Templeton Insurance Ltd v
Motorcare Warranties Ltd and others_ [2012] EWHC 795 (Comm) (“ _Templeton
Insurance_ ”) for the proposition that a director has not wilfully disobeyed a
court order if he can reasonably believe that some other director or officer
is taking the required steps.[note: 122] The relevant passages are at [23] and
[24] of that judgment, which states:

… In my view the current position is as discussed and summarised in Aldridge,
Eady & Smith on Contempt, 4th Edition paras 12-112 to 12-116 in particular at
para 12-115. As there noted, the Court of Appeal expressly disagreed with the
views of Anthony Lincoln J in  _Director General of Fair Trading v Buckland_
in  _A-G of Tuvalu v Philatelic Distribution Corp Ltd_[1990] 1 WLR 926 and
held:

"In our view where a company is ordered not to do certain acts or gives an
undertaking to like effect and a director of that company is aware of the
order or undertaking he is under a duty to take reasonable steps to ensure
that the order or undertaking is obeyed, and if he wilfully fails to take
those steps and the order or undertaking is breached he can be punished for
contempt. We use the word 'wilful' to distinguish the situation where the
director can reasonably believe some other director or officer is taking those
steps. "

As stated in para 12-115: "By virtue of these provisions a director can be
liable for civil contempt without necessarily being in contempt under the
general law". I agree.

116 The plaintiff also referred me to the summary of the law as set out in
_Singapore Court Practice_ at para 45/5/4:

The rule extends to any director, even if he has taken, or takes, no part in
the management of the corporation. The key issue is whether he has had notice
of the court order and could, by exercising due diligence, have prevented its
breach. … This standard of care may even extend to taking the appropriate
steps to put a stop to any action which has already been taken in breaching
the court order... In _William Jacks & Co (M) v Chemquip (M)_ [1994] 3 MLJ 40,
the High Court found that as the 'sleeping directors' of the defendant company
knew about the scheme and could, with due diligence, have prevented the
activities of the defendants, they were in contempt. The fact that they were
not involved in the day-to-day management of the company did not exonerate
them…

117 In the circumstances, it would not have been reasonable for Martin Tay to
assume that Moses Tay would be taking the necessary steps to get RMMPL to
comply. He was aware of the orders, and knew that the penal notices referred
to him specifically by name. He had been clearly warned that the failure of
RMMPL to obey the Mareva Injunction and the Anton Piller Order could land him
in prison. Any reasonable director in such circumstances would have been
concerned about the consequences of non-compliance, and would have exercised
an adequate level of supervision, if only for his own sake. It was stated in
_Attorney General of_  _Tuvalu v Philatelic Distribution Corp Ltd_[1990] 1 WLR
926 (_“Philatelic_ ”) at 938 that “[i]f there has been a failure to supervise
or investigate or wilful blindness on the part of a director of a company his
conduct can be regarded as being wilful and Ord. 45, r. 5 can apply”.

118 The plaintiff also cited the Malaysian High Court case of _IJM Corporation
Bhd v Harta Kumpulan Sdn Bhd (Part 2)_ [2007] MLJU 822. In that case, Datuk
Syed Ahmad Helmy B Syed Ahmad J stated:

The Defendant herein has two directors, namely Yai Yen Hon @ Chuan Yen Hon and
Wong Quai Yin. The former has filed an affidavit admitting that he wrote the
infringing letters on the Defendant’s behalf. The latter has not filed any
affidavit. In his affidavit, Yai Yen Hon has also sought to absolve his fellow
director for the defendant’s contempt. To my mind the former cannot absolve
the latter. Each director, whether actively managing the day-to-day affairs of
the company or not, is under an obligation to ensure that the company in which
he or she is a director complies with any court order affecting the company. …

119 After considering authorities in Hong Kong, England and Malaysia, the
learned judge concluded that:

Having considered all the authorities on this point it is my judgment that
Wong Quai Yin has an obligation to take adequate steps to ensure the
injunction is obeyed and in this regard I associate myself with the judgment
of Woolf LJ in [_Philatelic_]. There is nothing in the affidavit filed on her
behalf to demonstrate that she took such steps. _If she delegated that
responsibility to her fellow director, she regardless remains liable as she
failed to ensure the Defendant obeyed the injunction. Though Wong Quai Yin was
not the author of the infringing letters and may not have had knowledge of her
fellow director’s action done in breach of the injunction, Wong Quai Yin is
nevertheless also guilty of contempt of court_ ….

[emphasis added]

120 This was not a case where Martin Tay was unaware that the disclosure
requirements were not being complied with. By the latest time he had notice of
the court orders on 8 September 2010, RMMPL was in continuing breach. A
responsible director would not have assumed that the orders were being
complied with. He would have asked, and found out that RMMPL was already in
breach. He would have viewed the assurances of a director who was already in
default with a healthy dose of scepticism. In any event, Martin Tay had sight
of Moses Tay’s 22 November 2010 affidavit as it was being prepared.[note: 123]
By this time he _must_ have known that the orders were _not_ being complied
with. Still he did nothing. Moreover, this position is inconsistent with his
and his mother’s application in OSF 375 on 24 August 2011. Martin Tay could
not at the same time have honestly believed that Moses Tay was mentally
incapable of managing his affairs and still place reasonable reliance on Moses
Tay to ensure RMMPL’s compliance. Nevertheless, he continued to sit on his
hands.

121 As for the fifth point, _ie_ , whether Martin Tay and RMMPL’s breaches
were the result of failures or omissions rather than refusal or neglect, to
the extent the issue does not overlap with the fourth point, I have already
addressed it at [104] and [105] above.

122 Accordingly, I find that Martin Tay is guilty of contempt of court. That
said, I do not think that Martin Tay is liable for all of RMMPL’s breaches as
stated in [106] above. Martin Tay bears no blame for Moses Tay’s false
statement that RMMPL’s documents were with its auditors or his refusal to say
who the auditors were, as there was no conceivable way that Martin Tay could
have prevented this breach. I do, however, hold Martin Tay responsible for his
failure to rectify RMMPL’s continuing breaches relating to the disclosure
requirements under the Anton Piller Order and the Mareva Injunction, as he
could have done something about them.

Sentence

123 Having found that the Contemnors are guilty of contempt of court, I now
consider the appropriate sentence.

124 The sentencing principles for contempt of court proceedings were
instructively set out in _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v Aurol Anthony Sabastian_
[2013] 1 SLR 245 (“ _Sembcorp Marine_ ”). To begin, it is trite that a
custodial sentence is not the starting point for contempt of court
proceedings, but normally a measure of last resort. However, the determination
of an appropriate sentence is a multifaceted and fact-centric task. This much
is apparent from the following list of non-exhaustive factors that a court
should take into account (as summarised from _Sembcorp Marine_ at [68]):

(a) the attitude behind the contemptuous behaviour;

(b) the motive for committing the contemptuous act;

(c) whether a fine would have been an adequate deterrent;

(d) the reversibility of the breach;

(e) the standard of care expected of the individual;

(f) the nature of the contemptuous act;

(g) whether the contemnor was remorseful; and

(h) whether the contemnor had procured others to commit the contemptuous act.

Moses Tay

125 Of Moses Tay’s numerous breaches, the most audacious is his withdrawal of
$380,000 on 23 August 2010 in blatant disregard for the Mareva Injunction. Any
breach of a Mareva injunction is a serious matter, and he had done so
_deliberately_ and _cynically._ He made no attempt to make restitution of the
sum, and now as a bankrupt, he can no longer make good his breach. This breach
alone merits a substantial custodial sentence.

126 His breaches of the Ancillary Orders are also egregious. Not only did he
refuse to hand over his passport in clear and continuing breach of the
Ancillary Orders, he actually _left Singapore_ in open defiance of the
restrictions placed upon him. He had also breached the disclosure requirements
in the Mareva Injunction and the Anton Piller Order, which are serious
breaches in themselves, and had refused to allow entry to the Golden Agri
Premises and Sentosa Cove Premises in breach of the Anton Piller Order on 23
August 2010.

127 Moses Tay is also a _repeat_ offender. He had previously breached a Mareva
injunction by withdrawing monies from the bank account of a company in which
he was a director and also failed to comply with a disclosure order. For his
contempt, Judith Prakash J sentenced him to three months imprisonment and
stated (see _Precious Wishes_ at [34]):

As regards sentence, I took the view that the nature of the contempt was
serious. Mr Tay [_ie_ , Moses Tay] had deliberately disregarded the court’s
order for his own personal benefit and by doing so had put himself and the
company in contempt. He had put his own interests above those of the company
and its creditors. He showed no respect whatsoever for any party other than
himself. He was not able to recover any of the money that he had disposed of
despite having known of the contempt proceedings from at least May 1999 and
having been given a further month to raise money after conviction. By his
actions, both the defendant company and its creditors have suffered. Court
orders must be respected and there was no excuse for his conduct. In the
circumstances, I considered that three months was a fair sentence.

128 Finally, there is no reason why these proceedings should have been delayed
for more than three years. Much time and money has also been wasted as a
result of Moses Tay’s deliberate and conscious decision to drag the
proceedings on for as long as possible. This is particularly objectionable as
Moses Tay is a bankrupt and RMMPL appears to have no assets, which means that
he is essentially forcing the plaintiff to incur additional costs for which it
may not be able to recover. This is certainly a serious aggravating factor.

129 As for mitigation, Mr Thirumurthy relied primarily on Moses Tay’s mental
condition.[note: 124] I only had to consider whether Moses Tay’s present
psychiatric condition is a mitigating factor. In _Idya Nurhazlyn bte Ahmad
Khir v Public Prosecutor and another appeal_ [2014] 1 SLR 756 (“ _Idya
Nurhazlyn_ ”), the accused had relied on her psychiatric condition as a
mitigating factor in respect of her conviction for cheating. Sundaresh Menon
CJ found that her condition had no causal connection with her cheating
offences and therefore could not be considered a mitigating factor. His
remarks at [41] are apposite:

41 At the outset, it may be noted, as is apparent from these reports, that
Idya’s psychiatric condition had no causal connection with the cheating
offences. _She was first seen some months after the offences and it is clear
from the reports that her psychiatric condition stemmed from her inability or
unwillingness to face the consequences of her crimes. I therefore do not
accept that her condition can be considered a mitigating factor._ As I pointed
out to Mr Kang, the prospect of facing a term of imprisonment is almost
uniformly a depressing one but that cannot be a sufficient basis to warrant
not imposing a sentence of imprisonment if that is otherwise called for.

130 Further, it was also noted in _Idya Nurhazlyn_ at [42] that “the
psychological impact of incarceration on a particular offender is generally
not a relevant sentencing consideration”. _Idya Nurhazlyn_ at [43] also
approved the holding in _R v Hans de Vroome_ (1989) 38 A Crim R 146 that:

… The courts can make some adjustment to sentences to take account of the
additional hardship caused to an offender by his condition, but they are
necessarily limited in the extent of such adjustment by the necessity of
maintaining proper standard of punishment.

131 In the present case, I have found that there is no causal link between
Moses Tay’s depression and his breaches. Here too there is evidence that Moses
Tay’s depressive disorder is a consequence of Moses Tay’s inability or refusal
to face the consequences of his own breaches of the Orders of Court. There is
no doubt that prison life is harsh, but in the end the court is constrained by
the need to ensure that the punishment is appropriate.

132 Mr Thirumurthy has also asked me to consider other sentencing options for
Moses Tay, in light of Moses Tay’s mental condition. In his written
submissions for sentencing (which were again filed late), it was argued that
Moses Tay ought to be given a community sentence, in particular, a Mandatory
Treatment Order, pursuant to Part XVII of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
2012 Rev Ed), or probation.[note: 125]

133 The first question is whether I even had the power to make such an order.
This is a case of civil contempt. Section 7(1) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) empowers the High Court to punish for
contempt of court. The procedure is governed by the Rules of Court. O 52 r
1(1) of the Rules of Court provides that the High Court may make an order for
the defendant to stand committed to prison for a time. O 52 r 8 of the Rules
of Court also states that the court has the power to make an order to pay a
fine or to give security for his good behaviour. They say nothing about the
other sentencing options provided for under the Criminal Procedure Code.

134 I see the virtue in extending the sentencing options of the court for
civil contempt. Even so, it is not clear to me that I have the power under the
Criminal Procedure Code to impose a community sentence, Mandatory Treatment
Order or probation. Mr Thirumurthy has not cited any authority to that effect.
Despite its quasi-criminal nature, a civil contempt does _not_ amount to a
criminal offence: _Tan Beow Hiong v Tan Boon Aik_ [2010] 4 SLR 870 at [24] and
[25]. Nonetheless, under O 52 r 6 of the Rules of Court, a court may make a
suspended order of committal “on such terms or conditions as it may specify”.
It may be that in an appropriate case, a court may order that committal be
suspended on the condition that the contemnor undergoes psychiatric treatment
for a period of time, after which the suspended committal order would be
automatically discharged.

135 In any event, even if I have the power, I am not prepared to make a
Mandatory Treatment Order. Under s 339(2) of the Criminal Procedure Code, a
court can only make a Mandatory Treatment Order after calling for a report to
be submitted by an appointed psychiatrist. Furthermore, under ss 339(3) and
(4), the Mandatory Treatment Order can only be granted if the report submitted
by the appointed psychiatrist states, _inter alia_ , that the psychiatric
condition of the offender is one of the _contributing factors_ for his
committing the offence. I have already found that there is no causal link
between Moses Tay’s depression and his breaches of the Orders of Court. If
Moses Tay was unable to find a psychiatrist who was willing to support his
claim after such a long period of time, I doubt my calling for a psychiatric
report will result in one that is more favourable than one that Moses Tay was
able to obtain for himself.

136 After taking into account all the facts and circumstances of this case,
including Moses Tay’s psychiatric condition, I sentence Moses Tay to 6 months’
imprisonment for his contempt of court.

Martin Tay

137 As for Martin Tay, it is readily apparent that his culpability is far
lower than that of Moses Tay. Nevertheless, the plaintiff submitted that the
appropriate sentence for him in the circumstances is imprisonment. I think
this would be unduly harsh. To begin, Martin Tay is not liable for _all_ the
breaches of RMMPL as a director (see [122] above). Insofar as RMMPL’s breaches
of the disclosure requirements of the Anton Piller Order and the Mareva
Injunction are concerned, there was at least _partial_ compliance as some of
the required information was disclosed in Moses Tay’s affidavit of 22 November
2010.[note: 126]

138 While Martin Tay bears some fault for the continuing breaches of RMMPL and
his reliance on his father to fully comply with the disclosure requirements
was misplaced, I took into account the fact that he would have felt obliged to
do what Moses Tay told him to do, even if it was against his own best
judgment. I also note that Martin Tay appointed a new solicitor to represent
him on 17 February 2014,[note: 127] shortly after the hearing on 4 and 5
February 2014. This indicated to me that he was distancing himself from Moses
Tay’s position. Moreover, on 5 February 2014, he also agreed to produce a
number of documents and information at the request of the plaintiff, and did
so in a reasonable period of time. He also stated in court that he had nothing
but high respect for the court and the full consciousness and diligence to
carry out what is required of him by the court.[note: 128] It would have been
a significant mitigating factor if he had adopted this attitude and exercised
the necessary diligence right from the beginning. Nevertheless, this indicated
to me that he is not a person who wants to flout the authority of the court,
and I would give him some credit for this.

139 For the foregoing reasons, a fine of $10,000 (in default, 5 days’
imprisonment) would be an appropriate sentence for Martin Tay.

RMMPL

140 Finally, the plaintiff submitted that a fine should also be imposed on
RMMPL itself. Considering that RMMPL is a dormant company and there is no
indication that it has any assets, it appears likely that any fine imposed on
RMMPL would, at best, be of symbolic value. Nevertheless, RMMPL ought to be
sanctioned for its breaches. I therefore impose a fine of $10,000 on RMMPL.

Conclusion

141 In summary, I find the Contemnors to be guilty of contempt of court and I
sentence them as follows:

(a) Moses Tay: 6 months’ imprisonment;

(b) Martin Tay: $10,000 fine (in default 5 days’ imprisonment); and

(c) RMMPL: $10,000 fine.

142 These proceedings have dragged on for an inordinately long period of time,
and the plaintiff has been put to unnecessary inconvenience and delay. The
blame falls squarely on the Contemnors. It is just and proper that I award the
costs in the present application (Summons No 4809 of 2010) and the plaintiff’s
application for leave for committal in Summons No 4451 of 2010 to the
plaintiff on an indemnity basis, to be taxed if not agreed. This order is made
against the Contemnors jointly and severally, with the caveat that Martin
Tay’s liability is to be capped at 20% of the total costs. I have capped
Martin Tay’s liability because Moses Tay is bankrupt and RMMPL appears to have
no assets, which means that a costs order against the Contemnors without the
caveat would likely result in Martin Tay bearing all of the costs. I do not
think this would be appropriate given that most of the plaintiff’s costs were
likely to be incurred against Moses Tay.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, para 2.

[note: 2]SUM 4133/2010.

[note: 3]SUM 4451/2010.

[note: 4]SUM 4809/2010.

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, paras 45.

[note: 6]Quentin Loh J’s Minute Sheet dated 13 Jan 2011.

[note: 7]Plaintiff’s Additional Bundle of Cause Papers (“PABCP”) (Vol 1), Tab
11.

[note: 8]PABCP (Vol 2), Tab 20.

[note: 9]See Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, para 5.

[note: 10]PABCP (Vol 2), Tab 15.

[note: 11]Moses Tay’s Closing Submissions, para 17.

[note: 12]Moses Tay’s Closing Submissions, paras 1929.

[note: 13]Moses Tay’s Closing Submissions, para 30.

[note: 14]Moses Tay’s Closing Submissions, para 32.

[note: 15]See Quentin Loh J’s Minute Sheet dated 13 Jan 2011 and Tay Yong
Kwang J’s Minute Sheet dated 17 Jan 2011.

[note: 16]Plaintiff’s Bundle for Closing Submissions (“PBCS”), Tab 13.

[note: 17]NE, 4 Feb 2014, p 6 line 12 to p 7 line 6.

[note: 18]NE, 4 Feb 2014, p 22, lines 3032; see also p 25 lines 2627.

[note: 19]NE, 4 Feb 2014, p 35 line 30 to p 36 line 2.

[note: 20]Mr Thirumurthy’s Affidavit dated 26 March 2013, pp 2123.

[note: 21]Plaintiff’s Bundle for Closing Submissions (“PBCS”), Tab 14.

[note: 22]NE, 10 Apr 2014, p 5, lines 2730.

[note: 23]PABCP, Tab 5.

[note: 24]See, _eg_ , Mr Thirumurthy’s Affidavit dated 13 Jan 2014 at p 7 para
8 and p 9 para 21 (attaching Dr Seng Kok Han’s Report dated 5 Nov 2013); see
also PABCP (Vol 1), Tab 5, p 81 paras 29 and 30.

[note: 25]Moses Tay’s Written Submissions for Sentencing, paras 89.

[note: 26]See, _eg_ , Mr Thirumurthy’s Affidavit dated 13 Jan 2014 at p 25
(attaching Dr Tommy Tan’s Report dated 14 Jan 2011)

[note: 27]NE, 10 April 2014, p 52, lines 46.

[note: 28]PSCS, Tab 1.

[note: 29]PBCS, Tab 2.

[note: 30]Moses Tay’s Closing Submissions, para 33.

[note: 31]NE, 10 April 2014, p 47, lines 418.

[note: 32]NE, 10 Apr 2014, p 46, lines 2226.

[note: 33]NE, 10 Apr 2014, p 6, lines 9–11.

[note: 34]Mr Thirumurthy’s Affidavit dated 8 Sep 2014, p 7.

[note: 35]Mr Thirumurthy’s Affidavit dated 8 Sep 2014, p 9.

[note: 36]Mr Thirumurthy’s Affidavit dated 8 Sep 2014, p 9.

[note: 37]Mr Thirumurthy’s Affidavit dated 8 Sep 2014, pp 910.

[note: 38]Moses Tay’s Closing Submissions, para 44.

[note: 39]Plaintiff’s Supplementary Closing Submissions (“PSCS”), para 23.

[note: 40]NE, 5 Feb 2014, p 17, lines 1031.

[note: 41]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Cause Papers (“PBCP”) (Vol 2), p 111.

[note: 42]PBCP (Vol 2), pp 111112.

[note: 43]PBCP (Vol 2), p 113.

[note: 44]PBCP (Vol 2), p 114.

[note: 45]PBCP (Vol 2), p 115.

[note: 46]PBCP (Vol 2), p 116.

[note: 47]PBCP (Vol 2), pp 116117.

[note: 48]PBCP (Vol 2), p 117.

[note: 49]PBCP (Vol 2), p 117.

[note: 50]PBCP (Vol 2), pp 121125.

[note: 51]PBCP (Vol 3), Tab 11, paras 74 to 78, 80, 83 to 84, 87 and 96.

[note: 52]PBCP (Vol 2), p 117.

[note: 53]Moses Tay’s affidavit dated 22 November 2010 (“Moses Tay’s
Affidavit”), para 77.

[note: 54]See Moses Tay’s Affidavit, paras 139161.

[note: 55]PBCP (Vol 2), p 119.

[note: 56]PBCP (Vol 2), p 127.

[note: 57]Moses Tay’s Closing Submissions, para 79.

[note: 58]PBCP (Vol 3), pp 3946.

[note: 59]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”), para 89.

[note: 60]NE, 5 Feb 2014, p 50, lines 17.

[note: 61]PBCS, tab 10, p 4445.

[note: 62]See Moses Tay’s Affidavit, paras 155163.

[note: 63]PBCS (Vol 2), p 134.

[note: 64]PBCS (Vol 2), p 135.

[note: 65]PCS, para 59; PBCP (Vol 3), Tab 11, para 150(c).

[note: 66]PBCP (Vol 2), pp 115116.

[note: 67]Mr Kuppan’s Affidavit, p 55 at para 21.

[note: 68]PBCP (Vol 2), p 127.

[note: 69]PBCP (Vol 3), pp 7175.

[note: 70]PCS, para 59; PBCP (Vol 3), Tab 11, para 150(c).

[note: 71]PCS, paras 5859.

[note: 72]Mr Abdul Hadi’s Affidavit dated 21 Sep 2010, paras 1 and 2.

[note: 73]See Mareva Injunction, paras 1(a) and (b).

[note: 74]PBCP (Vol 3), Tab 11, para 138(f).

[note: 75]PBCP (Vol 3), Tab 11, paras 240249.

[note: 76]NE, 10 Apr 2014, p 28 line 8 to p 29 line 13.

[note: 77]See Moses Tay’s affidavit dated 22 November 2010, paras 164166,
25664.

[note: 78]Mr Naidu’s Affidavit, p 41, para 17.

[note: 79]Moses Tay’s Affidavit, para 165(a).

[note: 80]Mr Naidu’s Affidavit, para 18.

[note: 81]See Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, paras 31(f)(k)

[note: 82]Moses Tay’s Affidavit, paras 3940; see also PCS, paras 6263.

[note: 83]Moses Tay’s Affidavit, paras 3438.

[note: 84]Moses Tay’s Affidavit, paras 3941.

[note: 85]PCS, para 64.

[note: 86]Moses Tay’s Affidavit, para 40.

[note: 87]PABCP, Tab 9.

[note: 88]PABCP, Tab 11.

[note: 89]PCS, paras 7779.

[note: 90]PBCP (Vol 3), Tab 10, para 7.

[note: 91]Moses Tay’s Closing Submissions, para 90.

[note: 92]PABCP, Tab 12, pp 297300.

[note: 93]Moses Tay’s Closing Submissions, para 91.

[note: 94]Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, paras 3435; see also PCS, para 82.

[note: 95]Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, paras 3435; see also PCS, para 83.

[note: 96]Moses Tay’s Affidavit, paras 3440.

[note: 97]Mr Naidu’s Affidavit, p 44, para 25.

[note: 98]See Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, Annex A, pp 1618.

[note: 99]Moses Tay’s Affidavit, paras 280282.

[note: 100]PCS, para 72; see also PBCP (Vol 3), para 24(d).

[note: 101]Moses Tay’s Affidavit, para 219.

[note: 102]NE, 10 Apr 2014, p 35, lines 713.

[note: 103]Moses Tay’s Affidavit, para 82(e).

[note: 104]Written Submissions For Tay Jiashen Martin (“Martin Tay’s
Submissions”), para 2.

[note: 105]Martin Tay’s submissions, paras 1618.

[note: 106]Martin Tay’s submissions, para 30.

[note: 107]Martin Tay’s submissions, para 31.

[note: 108]Martin Tay’s submissions, paras 36 and 48.

[note: 109]PABCP (Vol 2), Tab 20, p 559.

[note: 110]PABCP (Vol 2), Tab 20, p 563.

[note: 111]Plaintiff’s Supplementary Bundle of Documents, pp 2341; Plaintiff’s
Bundle of Documents, p 183.

[note: 112]NE, 5 Feb 2014, p 21, lines 2027.

[note: 113]Martin Tay’s affidavit dated 5 Mar 2014, paras 1314.

[note: 114]NE, 5 Feb 2014, p 27 lines 20 to p 28 line 16.

[note: 115]NE, 5 Feb 2014, p 23, lines 2931.

[note: 116]NE, 5 Feb 2014, p 39, lines 2026.

[note: 117]PSCS, para 48.

[note: 118]NE, 5 Feb 2014, p 13 line 20 to p 15 line 8.

[note: 119]NE, 5 Feb 2014, p 13, lines 319.

[note: 120]See PCS, para 61; see also NE, 5 Feb 2014, p 32 line 7 to p 34 line
11.

[note: 121]NE, 5 Feb 2014, p 31, lines 13.

[note: 122]Martin Tay’s Submissions, para 32.

[note: 123]NE, 5 Feb 2014, p 17, lines 12 to 14.

[note: 124]Moses Tay’s Closing Submissions, paras 114115.

[note: 125]Moses Tay’s Written Submissions for Sentencing, para 14.

[note: 126]See Martin Tay’s Submissions, paras 61 to 65.

[note: 127]Notice of Appointment of Solicitor dated 17 Feb 2014.

[note: 128]See Martin Tay’s Closing Submissions, paras 60 to 62, and 72.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Nov 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

