Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ong Wui Swoon _v_ Ong Wui Teck and another matter  
[2014] SGHC 157

Case Number| :| Suit No 385 of 2011 (Registrar's Appeal No 54 of 2014) and
Originating Summons No 1187 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeal No 72 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 August 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Carolyn Tan (Tan & Au LLP) for Ong Wui Swoon; Ong Wui
Teck in person.  
Parties| :|  Ong Wui Swoon — Ong Wui Teck  
  
7 August 2014|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Background

1 Ong Wui Swoon (“the Sister”) and Ong Wui Teck (“the Brother”) are two out of
six siblings. The Sister had alleged that the Brother had failed in his duty
as an administrator of their late father Ong Thiat Gan’s estate (“the Estate”)
to render an accurate account of its assets. She therefore sued the Brother in
Suit No 385 of 2011 asking him to render a proper account of all the Estate’s
assets, and also to pay damages for his alleged breach of duty. The Sister
also asserted a beneficial interest in the sale proceeds of a private
property, which she claimed the Brother held on trust for their father.

2 On 30 October 2012, I delivered my written judgment (which was reported in
_Ong Wui Swoon v Ong Wui Teck_ [2013] 1 SLR 733 (“the Main Judgment”)). I
decided that the Brother had failed to give a proper account of the assets of
the Estate. I ordered the Registrar of the Supreme Court (“the Registrar”) to
conduct an inquiry to determine various matters as set out at [143] of the
Main Judgment. For completeness, I would mention that I dismissed the Sister’s
claim for a beneficial interest in the sale proceeds of the private property
mentioned above.

3 The inquiry was conducted before Assistant Registrar Shaun Leong (“AR
Leong”) in TA 13 of 2013. On 24 September 2014, AR Leong decided that the
Estate was in fact positive in the sum of $15,756.47. He ordered the Brother
to pay the Sister $1,313 as her one-twelfth share of the Estate.

4 AR Leong also ordered that costs in TA 13 of 2013, _ie_ , the costs of the
inquiry, be agreed or taxed. This order on costs was made by consent.

5 Subsequently, a dispute arose as to who was liable for the costs of the
inquiry. The Sister’s solicitors, Tan & Au LLP (“Tan & Au”) took the position
that the Brother was liable. However, the Brother took the position that AR
Leong’s costs order did not specify who was to pay the costs of the inquiry.
AR Leong’s costs order merely stated that such costs were to be agreed or
taxed.

6 On 4 December 2013, AR Leong clarified explicitly that his costs order meant
that the Brother was liable to pay such costs to the Sister.

7 Subsequently, the Brother filed Originating Summons No 1187 of 2013 (“OS
1187/2013”) on 12 December 2013 to seek an extension of time to appeal against
the decision of AR Leong.

8 On 24 February 2014, Assistant Registrar Una Khng (“AR Khng”) granted the
Brother’s application for an extension of time to appeal. Thereafter, the
Brother filed Registrar’s Appeal No 54 of 2014 (“RA 54/2014”) in Suit No 385
of 2011 on 25 February 2014 to appeal against both the substantive decision of
AR Leong and his costs order.

9 The Sister then filed an appeal on 5 March 2014 against AR Khng’s decision
to grant the Brother’s application for an extension of time to appeal. This
was Registrar’s Appeal No 72 of 2014 (“RA 72/2014”).

10 Both RA 54/2014 and RA 72/2014 came up for hearing before me on 19 May
2014. I heard RA 72/2014 first. If that appeal was allowed in its entirety,
then no extension of time would be granted to the Brother and his own appeal
would fail.

11 After hearing arguments, I allowed the Sister’s appeal (in RA 72/2014)
partially as I elaborate below.

12 There were two aspects to AR Khng’s decision. In allowing the Brother an
extension of time to appeal against AR Leong’s decision, AR Khng had allowed
the Brother an extension of time to appeal against both the substantive
decision of AR Leong and his decision on costs. I set aside AR Khng’s decision
to allow the Brother an extension of time to appeal against AR Leong’s
substantive decision. However, I allowed the extension of time to appeal
against AR Leong’s costs order to remain.

13 Thereafter, I proceeded to hear RA 54/2014 in respect of AR Leong’s costs
order only. After hearing arguments on the quantum of costs of the inquiry, I
set aside AR Leong’s costs order in that such costs were not to be taxed
although the Brother was still liable to pay the costs. Since the parties
obviously could not agree on the quantum of such costs, I decided to fix the
quantum of the costs. I fixed it at $400 to be paid by the Brother to the
Sister.

14 The Brother has filed two appeals against my decisions to the Court of
Appeal, _ie_ , Civil Appeal No 95 and No 96 of 2014 (“CA 95/2014 and CA
96/2014”) respectively.

15 The notice of appeal for CA 95/2014 states that it is against the whole of
my decision (in OS 1187 of 2013) given on 19 May 2014. This is very wide and
incorrect. Presumably the Brother is appealing against part of my decision
only, _ie_ , that part in which I did not allow him an extension of time to
appeal against the substantive decision of AR Leong. He cannot be appealing
against the other part of my decision in which I allowed the extension of time
to appeal against AR Leong’s costs order to remain.

16 The notice of appeal for CA 96/2014 states that it is against the whole of
my decision (in Suit 385 of 2011) given on 19 May 2014. Again this is very
wide. Presumably the Brother wants to proceed with his appeal against the
substantive decision of AR Leong since that appeal had failed because I did
not allow him an extension of time to appeal against that substantive
decision. It is less clear whether CA 96/2014 is also an appeal against my
decision that he is still liable for the costs of the inquiry and/or the
quantum of $400 I had fixed as the costs of the inquiry.

17 For completeness, I would mention that I ordered that each party was to
bear his/her own costs of RA 72/2014 and RA 54/2014.

18 I set out my reasons below for my decisions.

Issue

19 As is evident from the above background, the issue before me for RA 72/2014
was whether the Brother should have been granted an extension of time to
appeal against the two decisions of AR Leong in the inquiry. As I had not
allowed him an extension of time to appeal against AR Leong’s substantive
decision, that is the subject of CA 95/2014 and I will focus on that herein.

20 If CA 95/2014 is successful, it is up to the Court of Appeal to decide
whether to remit RA 54/2014 back to me to hear the Brother’s appeal against AR
Leong’s substantive decision. If CA 95/2014 is not successful, then AR Leong’s
substantive decision stands.

21 As for CA 96/2014, two other possible issues are mentioned in [16] above. I
will deal with them also in these grounds of decision.

The court’s reasons

22 The court should consider four main factors in an application for an
extension of time to appeal. These are:

(a) the length of the delay;

(b) the reasons for the delay;

(c) the merits of the appeal;

(d) the degree of prejudice to the other side if the extension of time is
granted.

23 In _Anwar Siraj and another v Ting Kang Chung John_ [2010] 1 SLR 1026 (“
_Anwar Siraj_ ”), the Court of Appeal (at [30]) mentioned that while these are
the four relevant factors, two other considerations should not be disregarded.
The first is that the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) must
_prima facie_ be obeyed with reasonable diligence being exercised. The second
is that the need for finality was a paramount consideration. The precise facts
and circumstances of each case are also important, see [28] of _Lee Hsien
Loong v Singapore Democratic Party and others and another suit_ [2008] 1
SLR(R) 757.

24 On the length of the delay, AR Leong’s decisions were given on 24 September
2013. OS 1187/2013 was filed on 12 December 2013. This is more than two and a
half months from 24 September 2013. However, under O 56 r 1(3) of the ROC, the
Brother had 14 days to appeal against that decision. The 14 days would expire
on 8 October 2013. Therefore, the actual delay was more than two months which
is more than four times the period prescribed under the ROC.

25 As for the reasons for the delay, I should first set out in more detail the
background and chronology leading to the Brother’s application in OS
1187/2013.

26 According to the notes of arguments recorded by AR Leong at the hearing on
24 September 2013, Tan & Au had asked for costs to be agreed or taxed and the
Brother had agreed that costs can be agreed or taxed. Thereafter, AR Leong
ordered that, “By consent, costs in TA 13 of 2013 shall be agreed or taxed”.

27 In such circumstances, the Brother said he did not understand AR Leong’s
costs order to mean that he was liable to pay the costs of the inquiry. It was
not clear from the Brother’s arguments as to whether he thought that AR
Leong’s costs order meant that the Sister was to pay the costs of the inquiry
or the question as to who would be liable for costs would be dealt with later.
He had emphasized merely that AR Leong’s costs order did not state that he was
to be liable for such costs.

28 On 1 October 2013, the Brother wrote to the Registrar setting out further
arguments on the substantive inquiry after AR Leong’s decision was given on 24
September 2013.

29 On 2 October 2013, the Registrar replied to the Brother to state that “the
Court does not require any further arguments. The Court’s decision made on 24
September 2013 stands”.

30 The Brother had 14 days from 24 September 2013 to appeal against any aspect
of or the entire decision of AR Leong. This expired on 8 October 2013. He did
not file an appeal within the deadline.

31 On 24 October 2013, he sent a letter to the Registrar to state that he
would be overseas and not available from 30 October 2013 to 20 November 2013
and would be incommunicado during that period.

32 On 4 November 2013, Tan & Au wrote to the Registrar to state that the
inquiry had been completed with costs of the inquiry awarded to the Sister.
They asked for costs of the trial (which I had reserved) to be awarded to the
Sister as well. This letter was copied to the Brother.

33 On 5 November 2013, Tan & Au wrote to the Brother to demand payment of the
$1,313 and to propose $25,000 as the amount of costs to be paid by the Brother
to the Sister. There was an additional demand for costs of $200 arising from
another hearing but that is immaterial for present purposes and I will no
longer refer to it.

34 Although the Brother was supposed to be incommunicado, he sent three
letters each dated 19 November 2013. The first was sent to the Registrar. He
referred to Tan & Au’s letter dated 4 November 2013 and referred to AR Leong’s
costs order. He said that there was no basis for the Sister to request that
costs of the trial to be similarly awarded to her. Although the Brother’s
letter did not state explicitly that AR Leong’s costs order was silent as to
who should pay the costs of the inquiry, it appears that that was the
Brother’s position. He stated that he was prepared to make a written
submission on costs.

35 The Brother’s second letter dated 19 November 2013 was also sent to the
Registrar. It reiterated AR Leong’s costs order. The rest of the letter is not
material for present purposes.

36 The Brother’s third letter dated 19 November 2013 was sent to Tan & Au. He
asserted that AR Leong did not order that he pay the costs of the inquiry. He
proposed that the Sister pay him $75,000 for costs of the inquiry.

37 By a letter dated 25 November 2013, Tan & Au forwarded a copy of the
extracted order of court of 24 September 2013 to the Brother.

38 As the extracted order stated that the Brother was to pay the costs of the
inquiry to the Sister, the Brother wrote again to the Registrar on 25 November
2013 to dispute that he was liable to pay such costs. He said he did not have
sight of the draft of the order before it was extracted.

39 A pre-trial conference (“PTC”) was fixed before AR Leong for 4 December
2013. On that day, AR Leong clarified explicitly that the Brother was liable
for the costs of the inquiry. I should mention that it appears inappropriate
to refer to the hearing on 4 December 2014 as a PTC but as that was the
description used, I will say no more about the description.

40 On 6 December 2013, the Brother wrote to the Registrar to say that he did
not agree that AR Leong’s clarification on 4 December 2013 was consistent with
his costs order of 24 September 2013. This letter also stated that he had
mentioned at the PTC on 4 December 2013 that he would be appealing.

41 The Brother filed OS 1187/2013 on 12 December 2013 for an extension of time
to appeal against the decision of AR Leong given on 24 September 2013. The
application for an extension of time was to appeal against the entire decision
of AR Leong. In other words, it was not confined to the costs order made by AR
Leong. It appeared to also cover the substantive order that AR Leong had made
(in which he had ordered the Brother to pay the Sister $1,313 as her one-
twelfth share of the Estate).

42 OS 1187/2013 was heard by AR Khng. On 24 February 2014, AR Khng granted the
Brother’s application for an extension of time to appeal against the entire
decision of AR Leong. Thereafter, he filed RA 54/2014 in Suit 385 of 2011 on
25 February 2014.

43 For the avoidance of confusion, I should mention that in OS 1187/2013, the
Brother was the plaintiff whereas he was the defendant in the main action,
_ie_ , Suit 385 of 2011.

44 As mentioned above, the Sister filed an appeal on 5 March 2014 against AR
Khng’s decision. This was RA 72/2014. I allowed the appeal partially as
elaborated above.

45 I was prepared to allow AR Khng’s decision on an extension of time to
appeal to stand in respect of AR Leong’s costs order for the reasons which I
will state briefly below.

46 On the one hand, it could be said that it ought to have been obvious that
the costs order was in favour of the Sister and against the Brother since he
had been ordered to pay the Sister a sum of money, however small the sum, in
the substantive dispute. On the other hand, the terms of the costs order did
not explicitly say that the Brother was to pay the costs. In the
circumstances, I decided to give the Brother the benefit of the doubt. He
might have genuinely misunderstood and the mistake was not attributable to his
conduct or perception alone. Furthermore, the clarification was made on 4
December 2013 only.

47 Secondly, I was of the view that there was merit in an appeal against AR
Leong’s costs order. While AR Leong might have been correct that the Brother
should, in principle, be liable for costs of the inquiry, it appeared that AR
Leong had erred in ordering the Brother to bear the entire costs of the
inquiry (which took about four days) bearing in mind the small sum of $1,313
that he was liable to pay the Sister. It also appeared that an order for
taxation (in the absence of agreement on the quantum) was inappropriate.
Unnecessary costs (including disbursements) would be incurred in a taxation
which costs might well exceed the $1,313. Furthermore, there was no undue
prejudice to the Sister if the Brother was granted an extension of time to
appeal against the costs order. Hence, I decided that the Brother should be
allowed an extension of time to appeal against the costs order.

48 On hearing the substantive arguments on the costs order, I decided that the
Brother should still be liable for costs of the inquiry in principle. This was
because he had been ordered to pay $1,313 to the Sister. The Sister was the
successful party but the small quantum of $1,313 should be taken into account
in determining the quantum of costs of the inquiry. I decided that I should
fix the quantum to avoid the costs of taxation. As regards the quantum of the
costs, I took into account the sum of $1,313 and ordered the Brother to pay
$400 as costs of the inquiry. To me, the $400 was a fair quantum in view of
the number of days taken for the inquiry and the principle of proportionality.

49 As for AR Leong’s substantive decision that the Brother was to pay $1,313
to the Sister, there was clearly no confusion. The Brother knew that he had
been ordered to pay that sum. He did not say that he was unaware of the time
limit to appeal if he so wished. When he filed his first supporting affidavit
for OS 1187/2013, he did not explain why he delayed filing his appeal against
the substantive decision. In paras 6 and 7 of his second supporting affidavit
filed on 10 January 2014, he said that as at 24 September 2013, the costs of
the inquiry and its impact on the Estate had yet to be determined. He said
that “this has a significant bearing on the overall outcome, and hence, a
comprehensive overall appeal upon the finalisation of the action is more
appropriate rather than at the juncture before such costs are determined”.

50 I did not accept this explanation. First, although the Brother is a lay
person he is not totally unaware of court processes and procedures. He has
been engaged in litigation with the Sister for some time. Apparently, there is
also litigation in respect of their mother’s estate as well. At times, the
Brother has been represented by solicitors but on other occasions, he
represented himself. When he appeared in person before me from time to time,
he was able to present arguments with the apparent benefit of legal research
or legal advice.

51 Secondly, and more importantly, he had not mentioned that he would appeal
against the substantive decision of AR Leong until OS 1187/2013 was filed on
12 December 2013. True, he did tender further arguments by his letter dated 1
October 2013 to the Registrar but after he was informed by the Registrar’s
letter dated 2 October 2013 that no further arguments were required, he said
no more about the substantive decision.

52 His correspondence thereafter till 6 December 2013 was only on the costs
aspect.

53 Indeed, when Tan & Au demanded payment of the $1,313 in their letter dated
5 November 2013 and suggested $25,000 as costs of the inquiry to be paid by
him, his response dated 19 November 2013 was in respect of the costs issue but
not the $1,313. He conveniently omitted mentioning the $1,313 in his response.
If he had intended at that time to appeal against the substantive decision and
was refraining from filing a notice of appeal pending the resolution of the
costs issue, he would have stated so in his reply. He did not even though he
is quite a prolific letter writer.

54 The PTC on 4 December 2013 was only in respect of the costs issue. It is
telling that in the Brother’s letter to the Registrar dated 6 December 2013,
_ie_ , two days later, he was complaining only about the point that he was
liable to pay the costs. Although his letter dated 6 December 2013 did say
that he had informed AR Leong on 4 December 2013 that he would be appealing,
it is not disputed that this was a reference to the costs issue only. The PTC
that day was only in respect of that issue.

55 Therefore, I was of the view that the Brother was using the alleged
confusion over the costs order to justify the late filing of an appeal on the
substantive decision. In my view, the explanation in paras 6 and 7 of his
second affidavit was not genuine.

56 Even if the Brother had genuinely thought that it was preferable to file
one appeal to cover both the substantive decision and the costs, that would be
his own incorrect perception. In many cases, the substantive decision is given
first while the question of costs is addressed later. The notice of appeal on
the substantive decision must be filed in time and not await the question of
costs to be resolved.

57 Furthermore, even if the Brother’s incorrect perception was the result of a
genuine mistake or oversight, a mistake is not in itself necessarily a
sufficient reason to grant an extension of time, see [35] of _Anwar Siraj_
which cites a passage from _Denko-HLB Sdn Bhd v Fagerdala Singapore Pte Ltd_
[2002] 2 SLR(R) 336.

58 As for the merits of the Brother’s intended appeal, I accepted that his
appeal was not clearly hopeless but it was also uncertain whether the appeal
would succeed.

59 The Brother had stressed during arguments before me that the Estate was
actually negative to the sum of $21,584.63 because of its debts and expenses
(totalling $107,742.39). However, that is because he attributed a value of
$3,893.75 to the shares in Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited instead
of $25,975.47 as found by AR Leong. He also omitted the $10,073.68 being the
sale proceeds from shares in Kenwell Freight Express (S) Pte Ltd and Mecman
Engineering Consultants Pte Ltd and the value of the estate’s shares in United
Plantations Bhd (“UP”) and in Malaysian Resources Corp Bhd (“MRC”). Whether
the shares in UP and MRC should be given a nil value because of the cost of
claiming those shares was a matter for argument.

60 Furthermore, the Estate’s assets were not confined to the assets in
dispute. The Estate had fixed deposits with Asia Commercial Bank Ltd and a
savings account with OUB Ltd (see items (f), (g) and (h) at [65] of the Main
Judgment). These assets amounted to another $82,264.01.

61 In so far as the Brother had also mentioned that there was income tax
liability of $7,727.77, that sum was already part of the debts and expenses of
the Estate referred to above.

62 In so far as the Brother had also suggested that professional costs of
around $75,000 had been incurred by him for the inquiry and should be part of
the expenses of the Estate, he was in error. AR Leong did not order that the
Estate indemnify him for the costs he had incurred for the inquiry. Therefore,
he had to personally bear the costs he incurred for the inquiry. The inquiry
was necessary because I had previously concluded, after the trial, that he had
failed to give proper accounts of the Estate. That is why he was subsequently
ordered to pay some costs of the trial fixed at $10,000. Since the inquiry was
the result of his failure to give proper accounts, it is not surprising that
AR Leong did not order the Estate to indemnify him for the alleged
professional costs subsequently incurred by him.

63 Aside from the merits of the Brother’s intended appeal, I also noted that
the $1,313 which the Brother was to pay under the substantive decision of AR
Leong was a small sum and I was of the view that there should be finality on
the substantive dispute.

64 Therefore, while I accepted that there was no undue prejudice to the Sister
if an extension of time was granted to the Brother to appeal against the
substantive decision, I was of the view that such an extension should not be
granted in view of the length of the delay, the absence of good reasons for
the delay, the small sum involved and the need for finality.

65 As mentioned above, I ordered each party to bear his/her own costs of both
appeals. The Sister was only partially successful in her appeal. As for the
remaining part of the Brother’s appeal on the costs issue, the Brother failed
because he was still liable to pay costs of the inquiry but he was, in a
sense, successful on the quantum which I fixed at $400.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Aug 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

