Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mona Computer Systems (S) Pte Ltd _v_ Singaravelu Murugan  
[2014] SGHC 49

Case Number| :| Suit No 265 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeals No 12 and 13 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 March 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  R Kalamohan and Shanti Elavarasi d/o R Kalamohan
(Kalamohan & Co) for the plaintiff; Cheong Yuen Hee and Cheong Aik Chye (A C
Cheong & Co) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Mona Computer Systems (S) Pte Ltd — Singaravelu Murugan  
  
20 March 2014| Judgment Reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The matter in dispute between the parties concerned a breach of fiduciary
duty. The plaintiff was incorporated in Singapore on 13 May 1997, and was in
the business of software and Information Technology (“IT”) consultancy and
development. The defendant was the sole full time employee of the plaintiff,
charged with the day-to-day business operations. His role was that of “Systems
Manager”. There was no written employment contract between the defendant and
the plaintiff.

2 On 22 November 2007, the defendant formed a new company, MN Computer Systems
(S) Pte Ltd (“MN Computer”). The defendant was a 50% shareholder, and
director, of MN Computer. The principal business of MN Computer was the same
as the plaintiff’s. While still under the plaintiff’s employment, the
defendant secured certain contracts for MN Computer. The defendant resigned
from the plaintiff on 20 February 2009. Subsequently, the plaintiff commenced
Suit No 265 of 2009 against the defendant essentially for breach of his duties
in relation to diverting business away from the plaintiff to MN Computer. The
defendant counterclaimed in respect of commission from the plaintiff allegedly
due to him up to his resignation.

3 Between 2009 and 2014, this case had been heard in several proceedings on
different issues. The parties appeared before two high court judges, two
assistant registrars, and the Court of Appeal in _Mona Computer Systems (S)
Pte Ltd v Singaravelu Murugan_ [2014] 1 SLR 847 (“CA decision”). For
convenience, I set out their legal history in chronological order:

(a) trial before Belinda Ang J in 2010;

(b) assessment of damages before assistant registrar Elaine Chew (“AR Chew”)
in 2011;

(c) registrar’s appeal hearing before Woo Bih Li J in 2012;

(d) appeal to the Court of Appeal in 2013; and

(e) assessment of damages before assistant registrar Ruth Yeo (“AR Yeo”) in
2013.

4 During the first assessment, AR Chew ordered the defendant to account to the
plaintiff in the sum of S$482,374.52. This figure was made up of two parts.
First, half of the net profits earned by MN Computer from seven contracts that
it had entered into with various entities, which comprise the Housing
Development Board (“HDB”) and Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) Board, which
amounted to S$166,309.15. Second, the commissions received by the defendant
pursuant to these contracts, amounting to S$316,065.37. Although AR Chew held
that, in principle, the plaintiff may have been entitled to profits arising
from the contract between MN Computer and the CPF Board, she made no award for
them because she found that the plaintiff failed to discharge its burden of
proof in respect of quantum. After appealing against the decision of AR Chew
and subsequently proceeding to the Court of Appeal, the parties appeared
before AR Yeo seeking a further assessment regarding director’s fees received
by the defendant from MN Computer and further profits from the CPF and HDB
contracts.

5 AR Yeo ordered the defendant to account to the plaintiff in the sum of
S$241,338.19, and costs fixed at S$20,000, similarly payable by the defendant
to the plaintiff. The sum of S$241,338.19 was based on net profits. For ease
of reference, I will describe briefly how AR Yeo arrived at her figures.
First, she calculated the gross profit earned by MN Computer on each of the
two contracts. This amounted to S$318,441.71. Next, she discounted overheads
and expenses, including CPF contributions by MN Computer to its employees
(“CPF Employer’s Contributions) and advertising. Of crucial relevance to this
appeal, she held that MN Computer had paid CPF Employer’s Contributions out of
employees’ salary, rather than out of profits. She also held that the
defendant had failed to provide documentation to show that the advertising
amounts he claimed were attributable to the contracts under assessment. As
such, she declined to hold that the alleged CPF Employer’s Contributions
(which amounted to S$160,666) and advertising expenses (which amounted to
S$2,600) were expenses. Through her calculations, she arrived at a total net
profit after tax of S$174,705.10. The amount the defendant had to account for
was half of this, as he held half the shares in MN Computer, which amounted to
S$87,352.55. Further, AR Yeo calculated the commissions received by the
defendant to be S$153,985.64. By adding these two sums, she arrived at her
final figure of S$241,338.19.

6 The case came before me as an appeal from the assessment of damages by AR
Yeo. Both parties have appealed, and the issues before me were:

(a) whether the defendant is liable to pay his director’s fees, from MN
Computer, to the plaintiff;

(b) whether the defendant is liable to pay interest on the whole sum that he
has been ordered to pay to the plaintiff; and

(c) whether the account of profits should include the commissions the
defendant earned on the HDB and CPF Board contracts with MN Computer, as well
as the S$2,600 in alleged advertisement costs.

7 The first issue was from the appeal by the plaintiff. AR Yeo disallowed the
plaintiff’s claim for director’s fees. The plaintiff argued before this court
that AR Yeo was wrong, and that the defendant should be ordered to pay to the
plaintiff a sum of S$69,062.50 as director’s fees. I dismiss the plaintiff’s
appeal on this point. The plaintiff argued that, based on the CA decision, it
should be entitled to the defendant’s director’s fees. It accorded a strained
interpretation to selective portions of the CA decision. In dealing with the
plaintiff’s contention, I will refer to the first paragraph of the CA
decision, in which the Court of Appeal stated, clearly, that it “permitted
[the defendant] to retain the director’s fees from MN [Computer]”. The Court
of Appeal further explained, that while the defendant may ordinarily have been
required to account for his director’s fees, as they were also “tainted by the
[defendant’s] breach of his duties as a fiduciary” (at [30] of the CA
decision), he was entitled to retain the fees in that case as the plaintiff
seemed to accept, and did not appeal against, the order pertaining to
director’s fees by AR Chew,[note: 1] namely, that the defendant retains
S$48,125 as director’s fees (at [31] of the CA decision). The plaintiff now
appears before this court arguing that its submission, that it is entitled to
a portion of the defendant’s director’s fees, “is in line with the decision of
the Court of Appeal”. This cannot be right. The plaintiff should have raised
this issue before the Court of Appeal, but it did not. It is now too late for
the plaintiff to now seek the defendant’s director’s fees, and it is also
unmeritorious for the plaintiff to rely on the CA decision as basis for its
claim because that was not part of the orders of the Court of Appeal.

8 The second issue was also from the appeal brought by the plaintiff. AR Yeo
was silent on the matter of interest. The plaintiff argued it should be
entitled to the “usual interest” on the whole sum the defendant has been
ordered to pay to the plaintiff, from 1 January 2009 to the date on which full
payment is made. The defendant, in reply, argued that as the plaintiff had
made no claim for interest, it must be presumed to have been satisfied with
the default position under Order 42 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2006 Rev
Ed). It is assumed that the defendant was referring to O 42 r 12, which deals
with interest on judgment debts, and establishes a default interest rate of 6%
per annum, there being no other relevant provision. I allow the plaintiff’s
appeal in part, because the plaintiff is entitled to the default interest on
the judgment debt in this case, _per_ O 42 r 12. I should point out that the
plaintiff’s appeal concerned two different types of interest: interest before
the judgment debt had been obtained and interest after the judgment debt had
been obtained. The former is governed by paragraph 6 of the “First Schedule:
Additional Powers of the High Court” in the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) and s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999
Rev Ed) (“CLA”). Paragraph 6 of the first schedule to the SCJA empowers the
court to “direct interest to be paid on damages, or debts… or judgment debts”.
Section 12(1) of the CLA states:

… the court may, if it thinks fit, order that there shall be included in the
sum for which judgment is given interest at such rate as it thinks fit… for
the whole or any part of the period between the date when the cause of action
arose and the date of the judgment

While I accept that it is within the court’s discretion to award interest of
this nature, the plaintiff has raised no argument in its favour, beyond
pointing out that AR Chew ordered that “[t]he usual interest runs from the
date of writ until the date of judgment”.[note: 2] By the plaintiff’s own
characterisation, this appeal had arisen from a second – and separate – round
of assessment of damages before AR Yeo. The relevance of AR Chew’s order on
interest is hence unclear. AR Yeo made no order as to interest and neither did
she record submissions by either party on whether interest should be awarded.
I do not see any reason to invoke the court’s discretion to award interest of
the first sort. The latter form of interest, as noted by the defendant, is
covered by O 42 r 12 barring any agreement to the contrary between parties, as
is the case at present. My order on interest is hence as follows:

(a) before judgment debt (from 22 November 2007 to date of judgment): No
interest; and

(b) after judgment debt (date of judgment to date of satisfaction of judgment
debt): 6% per annum.

9 The third issue was from the appeal brought by the defendant. AR Yeo awarded
the plaintiff the defendant’s commissions earned, as director of MN Computer,
on the HDB and CPF contracts which amounted to S$153,985.64. The thrust of the
defendant’s appeal was that he should not be made to pay to the plaintiff:

(a) the sum which amounted to his commissions earned, as director of MN
Computer, on the HDB and CPF contracts;

(b) MN Computer’s CPF contribution for the commissions awarded, in the sum of
S$23,759.85; and

(c) the advertising costs in the sum of S$2,600.

I have dismissed all three aspects of the defendant’s appeal. The defendant’s
arguments regarding commissions, couched in [9(a)] and [9(b)] are unclear for
two reasons. First, in [9(a)], it is unclear if the defendant was arguing that
he should not have to account for his commissions earned on the HDB and CPF
contracts as they were not commissions received by him, or if he was arguing
that the commissions, though commissions received by him, should not have been
included on the basis of equitable allowance. Second, in [9(b)], this was the
first time, across his appearances before the two high court judges, two
assistant registrars, and court of appeal, that the defendant raised such an
argument. The argument in [9(b)] was presumably raised as an alternative to
[9(a)], that is, in the event this court decides not to disturb AR Yeo’s
findings on whether the defendant should pay his commissions on the HDB and
CPF contracts to the plaintiff. Dealing with the argument in [9(b)] in this
manner, it remains unclear if the CPF contributions paid by MN Computer came
from the profits or the employees’ salary. On the evidence before AR Yeo, she
found that the CPF contributions were in fact paid out of the employees’
salary. She also found that the defendant had failed to provide documentation
to substantiate its claim of having incurred S$2,600 in advertising costs,
couched in [9(c)]. I should note that the defendant has not applied to adduce
any new evidence before me to convince me otherwise on any of these issues.

10 I thus hold that:

(a) the defendant is not liable to pay his director’s fees, from MN Computer,
to the plaintiff;

(b) the defendant is liable to pay interest on the judgment debt at a rate of
6% per annum from the date of judgment until the judgment is satisfied; and

(c) the account of profits should include the commissions the defendant earned
on the HDB and CPF Board contracts with MN Computer, and there should be no
subtraction of the S$2,600 in alleged advertisement costs.

The defendant’s appeal is therefore dismissed with costs to be taxed if not
agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]AR Chew’s Grounds of Decision at [42].

[note: 2]AR Chew’s Grounds of Decision at [53].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Mar 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

