Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The Bank of East Asia Ltd _v_ Quah Su-Ling  
[2014] SGHC 52

Case Number| :| Suit No 1113 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeals No 62 and 63 of
2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 March 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Rebecca Chew and Lynette Koh Mei Ping (Rajah & Tann LLP)
for the plaintiff; Michael Palmer and Audrey Lim (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  The Bank of East Asia Ltd — Quah Su-Ling  
  
28 March 2014|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a bank. The defendant, who is the Chief Executive Officer
and Executive Director of IPCO International Ltd, was a customer of the
plaintiff. Sometime in January and March 2013, the plaintiff granted the
defendant a share margin facility of up to S$5,000,000 (“the Facility”). The
full terms of their contract are set out in the affidavit of 6 January 2014 of
Heng Juay Yong, the head of Trade and Loan Services Department of the
plaintiff.

2 On 7 and 8 October 2013 the plaintiff gave notice calling upon the margin
debt incurred by the defendant under the Facility. The defendant failed to
pay. On 13 November 2013 the plaintiff’s solicitors, Rajah & Tann LLP, served
a letter of demand for the outstanding debt of S$1,819,888 as at 11 November
2013. The defendant failed to pay and the plaintiff commenced action in this
suit. It served the Writ of Summons and Statement of Claim on the defendant on
4 December 2013. The defendant filed her defence on 30 December 2013. The
plaintiff then took out an application for summary judgment on 6 January 2014
(“the Summary Judgment Application”), following which, on 20 January 2014, the
defendant took out an application to stay these proceedings (“the Stay
Application”).

3 Both the Summary Judgment Application and the Stay Application were heard
before assistant registrar Mak Sushan Melissa (“AR Mak”) on 25 February 2014.
AR Mak dealt with the Stay Application first. She dismissed the defendant’s
application, as she found the defendant had not demonstrated any exceptional
circumstances as to why the stay was necessary to prevent abuse of process or
to ensure justice to the parties. She allowed the Summary Judgment Application
as she held that the defendant had not demonstrated a _bona fide_ defence. She
granted judgment for the sum of S$1,832,070.53 as at 2 December 2013, and
default interest on that sum at the rate of the plaintiff’s prevailing prime
lending rate plus 6% per annum from 3 December 2013 until the date of payment.
She also ordered costs for both applications to be paid by the defendant to
the plaintiff. The defendant appealed against both orders of AR Mak. I
dismissed both appeals.

4 Mr Michael Palmer (“Mr Palmer”), the defendant’s counsel raised
substantially the same arguments on appeal as he did before AR Mak. In the
Stay Appeal, the defendant argued that this court should exercise its inherent
jurisdiction, pursuant to O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“ROC”), to grant a stay of proceedings for three reasons. First, the
defendant was in no frame of mind to defend these proceedings. Second, the
defendant was not able to make payment of the judgment debt given an
injunction order that is in force over her assets. Third, as a corollary to
the second point, it would be unconscionable for the plaintiff to demand
payment of the judgment debt despite knowing that the defendant is under an
injunction order. In the Summary Judgment Appeal, the defendant argued that
she should be given leave to defend as there are “issues or questions that
ought to be tried”, within meaning of O 14 r 3(1) of the ROC.

5 Ms Rebecca Chew (“Ms Chew”), counsel for the plaintiff, proposed that the
Summary Judgment Appeal be dealt with first. Mr Palmer, counsel for the
defendant, did not object. In fact, he rightly conceded that the defendant had
no defence to the plaintiff’s claim. Nevertheless, in his written submissions,
he argued that there were special circumstances in this case – namely the
defendant’s inability to repay the sums owed to the plaintiff – from which
arose “issues or questions that ought to be tried”.

6 I agreed with both parties in that there was truly no defence in this case.
I am not persuaded by Mr Palmer’s submission that there are “issues or
questions that ought to be tried”. This presumably stems from a
misunderstanding of O 14 r 3. As AR Mak pointed out, the ambit of “issues or
questions that ought to be tried” in O 14 r 3(1) should not include a party’s
practical inability to pay if judgment is entered against it. Summary judgment
was rightly ordered.

7 The question remained, whether an order for a stay of proceedings should be
made. Given my finding on the Summary Judgment Appeal, I note it is
procedurally inappropriate to order a stay of proceedings when judgment has
been made. The appropriate order may have been a stay pending appeal. In any
case, I would not have allowed such an application given that the chances of a
successful appeal, in my view, were poor.

8 However, based on the submissions made by Mr Palmer in support of the
defendant’s appeal against AR Mak’s refusal to stay proceedings, it was clear
that the appropriate application to make would have been an application for a
stay of execution.

9 Notwithstanding my decision to dismiss the defendant’s application for a
stay of proceedings, I will deal briefly with Mr Palmer’s contentions in the
Stay Appeal. His three points (at [4]) centre on the difficult financial
position the defendant now finds herself in. To understand how she arrived at
this state, her recent investment history needs to be revisited. Mr Palmer
explained that in February 2013, the defendant opened a trading account with
Goldman Sachs in London and also with Interactive Brokers LLC, an online
trading company. The defendant invested up to S$120m in shares in three
companies, namely, Asiasons Capital Ltd, LionGold Corp Ltd, and Blumont Group.
She alleged that on 2 October 2013, she was suddenly notified by Goldman Sachs
to repay S$61m being the margin call on her trades in the three companies. She
alleged that Goldman Sachs gave her one and a half hours to make payment.

10 The defendant was unable to satisfy the margin call and Goldman Sachs began
to sell off her shares in the three companies deposited by way of collateral.
Interactive Brokers LLC also made a similar margin call on the defendant about
the same time. In the event, the defendant was unable to repay Goldman Sachs
and Interactive Brokers LLC.

11 The defendant sued Goldman Sachs in London and they counter-claimed the sum
of S$71m due and owing to them from her trades in the three companies.
Interactive Brokers LLC obtained an _ex parte_ freezing order against the
defendant on 11 November 2013, for her assets up to the value of around
S$10.1m. This order, from Vinodh Coomaraswamy J (“Vinodh J”), was to remain in
force until “[a]n arbitration tribunal(s) constituted in arbitration(s)
between the Plaintiff and the Defendants in accordance with the AAA Rules
makes an order which expressly relates to the whole or part of this order” or
“further order”. Interactive Brokers LLC subsequently obtained an interim
award from Emergency Arbitrator Kap-You Kim, dated 11 February 2014. This
award was made in Singapore. The award contained terms similar to Vinodh J’s
freezing order, to the effect that she was still precluded from dealing with
her assets up to the value of around S$10.1m. The interim award is to remain
in force until the emergency arbitrator, or arbitral tribunal, makes any
contrary order.

12 Unlike her position regarding the plaintiff’s claim in this action, the
defendant denies any liability to Goldman Sachs and Interactive Brokers LLC’s
claims. The submission advanced by Mr Palmer on her behalf was that if the
proceedings in this action were not stayed, the defendant would be bankrupted
and have no money with which to satisfy her debt to the plaintiff. Both the
plaintiff and defendant are in a difficult situation, but if there is any
scope for an amicable resolution, it cannot be achieved by adopting the wrong
procedure, namely, to stay these proceedings (instead of applying for a stay
of execution).

13 I do not see how a stay of proceedings can be justified in the face of a
clear and unpaid debt. Mr Palmer submitted that the stay would enable the
defendant to negotiate with the plaintiff for an acceptable payment schedule.
While I do not doubt the viability of such negotiations, the proper
application is not for a stay of proceedings. Rather, the defendant should
have applied for a stay of execution. However, this was not done before the
assistant registrar. I thus dismissed both appeals but granted the defendant
one week to apply for a stay of execution before an assistant registrar.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Mar 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

