Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Sea Urchin”  
[2014] SGHC 24

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 355 of 2013 (SUM No 6520 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Winston Kwek, Joseph Tang and Lim Ruo Lin (Rajah & Tann
LLP) for the plaintiff; Lawrence Teh (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant;
Kelly Yap (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the interveners; K Muralitherapany and Edward
Koh (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for Swissmarine; Wendy Tan and Kang Yixian
(Stamford Law Corporation) for Pacific Bulk; Jacqueline Lee for the Sheriff,
Supreme Court, Singapore.  
Parties| :|  The "Sea Urchin"  
  
7 February 2014|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Alpha Bank S.A. (“the Bank”), applied as mortgagees on 20
December 2013 _vide_ Summons No 6520 of 2013 (“SUM 6520”) for the vessel, _Sea
Urchin_ , of the port of Limassol, Cyprus (“the Vessel”) to be sold _pendente
lite_ to a named buyer and at a stated price (_ie_ , prayer 2 of SUM 6520). As
an alternative to a direct judicial sale, the Bank’s fall-back application was
for the Vessel to be sold _pendente lite_ by the Sheriff in the usual way by
public auction or private treaty (_ie_ , prayer 2a of SUM 6520).

2 In this case, the Bank arrested the Vessel fully laden with a cargo of soya
beans in bulk. At the time of the arrest, the Vessel was in Singapore for
bunkers en route to Qingdao, China where the cargo was to be discharged and
delivered to receivers. The purpose of the direct sale _pendente lite_ was for
the Vessel under new ownership to carry and discharge the cargo in Qingdao.
The question to be decided is whether the facts of this case constitute
special circumstances to warrant a direct judicial sale to a named buyer at a
specified price (see _The_ _Turtle Bay_ [2013] 4 SLR 615 (“ _The Turtle Bay_
”) at [29]).

Chronology of proceedings leading to the application for a direct sale

3 The Vessel, a bulk carrier fully laden with a cargo of soya beans, was
arrested by the Bank on 30 October 2013 after the defendant shipowner, Keel
Marine Company Limited (“the Defendant”), a company incorporated under the
laws of Cyprus, defaulted on a loan agreement that was secured by a first
priority mortgage of the Vessel. The Defendant entered an appearance to the
Bank’s _in rem_ action on 31 October 2013. On 18 November 2013, the Defendant
applied _vide_ Summons No 5874 of 2013 to, _inter alia_ , (a) set aside the
warrant of arrest; and (b) stay the action in favour of the Greek courts,
including a temporary release of the Vessel to enable her to continue her
voyage to China and to discharge the cargo on board. By the time the Bank’s
application in SUM 6520 was listed for hearing on 6 January 2014, the
Defendant had reached a private arrangement with the Bank. Mr Lawrence Teh for
the Defendant thus informed the court that the Defendant was not opposing the
Bank’s application for a direct sale. Before this court, the Defendant was no
longer challenging the propriety of the Bank’s claim or the arrest.

4 There were three other interested parties supporting the Bank’s application
for a direct sale. It was made known at the outset by counsel representing
those interests that their support did not extend to prayer 2a in SUM 6520\.
Mr Kelly Yap (“Mr Yap”) represented the intervener, Qingdao Bohi Agricultural
Development Co Ltd (“the Intervener”), which was granted leave to intervene in
these proceedings on 6 January 2014, and entered an appearance on 17 January
2014.

5 Ms Wendy Tan (“Ms Tan”) represented Pacific Bulk Shipping (Cayman) Ltd
(“Pacific Bulk”) which trip-chartered the Vessel from Swissmarine Services
S.A. (“Swissmarine”), the time charterers of the Vessel. Pacific Bulk in turn
sub-chartered the Vessel to the Intervener. The Intervener is asserting rights
of ownership to the cargo of soya beans. Pacific Bulk claims ownership of the
bunkers on board. Swissmarine was represented by Mr K Muralitherapany (“Mr
Murali”). Mr Edmund Koh stood in for Mr Murali at the adjourned hearing on 27
January 2014. For convenience, Pacific Bulk and Swissmarine are collectively
referred to as “the Charterers”.

6 The Charterers had not intervened but through their counsel undertook to do
so on 27 January 2014.

_The Turtle Bay_

7 As prayer 2 is for a direct judicial sale, I begin with _The_ _Turtle_ _Bay_
where it was observed that a direct judicial sale at a pre-determined price to
a named person is generally not the accepted way to sell a vessel under
arrest. A direct judicial sale represents a departure from the normal order
that the Sheriff sells a vessel under arrest by appraisement, advertisement,
and inviting bids to purchase the vessel: see O 70 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”). More often than not, an
application for a court-sanctioned private sale is advanced for the
applicant’s own purpose and benefit and is _prima facie_ unfair (_The Turtle
Bay_ at [23]). In _The Turtle Bay_ I referred to _Bank of Scotland plc v The
Owners of the MV Union Gold and others_ [2013] EWHC 1696 (Admlty) (“ _The
Union Gold_ ”) where Teare J held at [20] that as a matter of general
principle the court should not order a sale to a buyer found by the arresting
party at a pre-determined price.

8 Basically, an admiralty judicial sale confers on the purchaser clean title
of the vessel by transferring existing maritime claims of all _in rem_
claimants against the vessel to the sale proceeds of the vessel. I explained
in _The_ _Turtle Bay_ at [15] that “this concomitant transfer of maritime
claims (and priority) from the vessel to the proceeds of sale in court is the
_raison d’etre_ of the principle that a judicial sale is for the protection
and benefit of all persons interested in the _res_ ; it is not only for the
interest of the arresting party alone”. At [17]–[18], I went on to explain the
procedural safeguards in the sale process in the following manner:

17 To protect the interests of all persons with _in rem_ claims against the
vessel including the defendant shipowner, the court has to have entire control
over the sale process thereby safeguarding the propriety and integrity of the
sale process and, ultimately, instilling confidence and standing of the
judicial sale from this jurisdiction. To this end, there are comprehensive
procedures in O 70 for a court-ordered judicial sale to be carried out by the
Sheriff pursuant to a commission for appraisement to ascertain the value of
the vessel, by the placement of advertisements and invitation to submit bids
for the purchase of the vessel.

18 Once the Sheriff is commissioned to appraise and sell the vessel, he is
under a duty to first appraise the vessel to ascertain the value. The Sheriff
would be assisted by professional and experienced appraisers who as court-
appointed appraisers have to act faithfully and impartially. The amount of the
appraised value is kept confidential so as not to affect the price at which
bids are received. Ordinarily, the Sheriff would accept the highest bid price
unless it is below the appraised value. When the court is asked to exercise
its discretion to approve a judicial sale where the highest bid price is below
the appraised value, the Sheriff hands over the confidential appraisement
report of the court-appointed appraiser in a sealed envelope for the court’s
consideration. At no point in time would the amount of the appraisal be
revealed to the public. In doing so, the integrity of the judicial sale
process is preserved.

9 With regard to the importance of placing advertisements, I further held at
[20] that:

20 The placing of advertisements not only publicise the sale to a wider
audience interested in bidding for the vessel to obtain the best possible bid
price, but they also serve to notify the sale to all others interested in the
vessel so that they can come forward and establish their maritime claims.
These interested parties include other claimants that may not have issued _in
rem_ writs or filed caveats against release but have an interest in the vessel
and sale.

10 In _The Turtle Bay_ , I concluded that a direct sale may be allowed in
special circumstances. The applicant for a direct sale must identify the
existence of “powerful special features” or ‘special circumstances” before the
court will be prepared to order a direct sale to a named buyer at a pre-
determined price (_The_ _Turtle Bay_ at [29]). Needless to say, such an
application for a direct sale will be scrutinised carefully.

Arguments advanced for a direct sale _pendente lite_

11 I begin with the Bank’s arguments for a direct sale of the Vessel _pendente
lite_ to a named buyer at a specified price. As stated, the purpose of the
direct sale _pendente lite_ was for the Vessel under new ownership to carry
the cargo to China.

12 The application was premised on several factors that were advanced by the
Bank, the Intervener, and the Charterers. First, there was a named buyer of
the Vessel, Okeanos Shipping Inc. (“Okeanos”), a company incorporated in the
Marshall Islands, whose offer price of US$17.5m was US$1.5m more that the
value of the Vessel, which the Bank claimed to be US$16m. In addition,
Okeanos, a subsidiary company of a customer of the Bank, was willing to
purchase the Vessel and carry the cargo to China for delivery to the
Intervener. In that connection, the Intervener and the Charterers had entered
into an undated agreement with Okeanos. When queried on when that agreement
was concluded, Mr Murali informed the court that Swissmarine had signed the
undated agreement on 20 December 2013. It was also pointed out that Okeanos
was prepared to sign on the existing crew members under new ownership for the
voyage to China.

13 Other factors strenuously emphasised by Mr Yap acting for the Intervener
were that the cargo was worth US$40m and that it was slowly but surely losing
commercial value with each day of delay. Mr Yap also relied on a report of Mr
Eric Mullen, the Regional Director of Dr J Burgoyne & Partners (International)
Ltd, a practice of consultant scientists and engineers specialising in
forensic investigations of fires, explosions, engineering failures and other
incidents, to show that the cargo on board had started to deteriorate.[note:
1] It was also pointed out by the Intervener and the Charterers that a direct
judicial sale to the named buyer was the best option for a variety of reasons.
First, the cargo could not be landed in Singapore as there were no storage
facilities available for such a huge quantity of cargo, even on a temporary
basis. Second, whilst it was not impossible to tranship the cargo, there had
been difficulties finding a suitable transhipment vessel in December 2013,
resulting in the inability to meet the schedule given by the terminal
(presumably Jurong Port) for the transhipment vessel and the Vessel to berth
alongside for transhipment.[note: 2] Further delays occasioned by transhipping
the cargo would adversely affect the condition of the cargo and, hence, its
value. Third, the costs of transhipment were estimated to be US$700,000.[note:
3] Finally, the costs of discharge, estimated to be in the region of
S$2.28m[note: 4], would be high and this expenditure would eat into the sale
proceeds of the Vessel, thereby reducing the pool of sale proceeds available
to potential _in rem_ creditors.[note: 5] In summary, it was submitted that
all these factors collectively constituted special circumstances warranting a
sale _pendente lite_ of the Vessel to the named buyer at the stated price of
US$17.5m.

14 Mr Winston Kwek (“Mr Kwek”) acting for the Bank relied on the Canadian case
of _Bank of Scotland v “Nel” (The)_ (1997) 140 FTR 271 (“ _The Nel_ ”) in
support of its application for a direct sale. Mr Yap and Mr Murali also relied
on _The Nel_ and _The Union Gold_ (see [7] above). These cases were discussed
in my earlier decision of _The Turtle Bay_.

Discussion on the alleged special circumstances

Value of the Vessel and the pre-determined price

15 In this application, the Bank submitted that Okeanos had offered to buy the
Vessel at US$17.5m which was US$1.5m above her market value of US$16m. The
Bank produced the valuation certificate of a Greek shipbroker known as Golden
Destiny. Relying on Golden Destiny’s valuation certificate, Mr Kwek, Mr Yap,
Mr Murali and Ms Tan collectively emphasised that the direct sale to Okeanos
would be above the valuation of US$16m. On the other hand, Assistant Registrar
Ms Jacqueline Lee (“AR Lee”) acting on behalf of the Sheriff contended that
Golden Destiny’s valuation certificate addressed to the Bank was so qualified
that it had little or no evidential value.

16 I agree with AR Lee that the valuation certificate issued by Golden Destiny
was unsatisfactory and that the absence of a satisfactory valuation undermined
the Bank’s application. Significantly, Golden Destiny expressly stated in its
valuation certificate that the value of US$16m was specifically for 10
December 2013 and that it was not expressing an opinion on the Vessel’s value
for any other date. It is helpful to set out the relevant parts of Golden
Destiny’s valuation certificate:

Having examined the particulars given and on the assumption that the vessel is
without any latent defects or any class recommendations, we would estimate the
market value of [the Vessel], basis prompt charter free delivery, between
willing Buyers and willing Sellers, for cash payment on normal sale terms to
be: **About U.S.$16,000,000 (Sixteen Million United States Dollars).**

_The figure mentioned above [US$16m] relates solely to our opinion of the
market value as at_ **_10 th December 2013 _** _and should not be taken to
apply at any other date. Further, we can give no assurance that such value
will be maintained at any subsequent date or is realizable in actual
transactions._

We should make clear that we have not made a physical inspection of the
Vessel, nor we have inspected the Vessel’s classification records, but we have
assumed for the purposes of this Valuation, that the Vessel is in good and
seaworthy condition with her class fully maintained free of recommendations,
with reasonably good survey status and that she conforms in all respects with
the requirements of her Registry.

We believe that the above valuation is reasonably accurate, but all statements
made above are statements of opinion and are not to be taken as
representations of fact. Any person who is contemplating entering a
transaction, or other legal process relative to this Vessel or her value,
should satisfy himself, by inspection of the Vessel or any other appropriate
means, as to the correctness of the statements and assumptions which the
valuation contains. Any variation from the above factors could substantially
affect the value.

This Valuation has been provided in good faith solely for the private use of
the person who commissioned it, and is not for publication and/or circulation.
…

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

17 Mr Yap in his written submissions also mentioned that the court had an
independent valuation of the Vessel. This submission is misguided. Throughout
the proceedings, the parties had relied on US$16m as the value of the Vessel.
This figure came from Mr Kwek’s affidavit and was purportedly supported by
Golden Destiny’s certification. There was no other independent valuation
disclosed to the court. Mr Kwek had applied for an order to appraise the
Vessel but this was soon after the court had indicated on 6 January 2014 that
it was going to adjourn SUM 6520\. As far as this court was concerned, the
appointment of Insight Marine Services Pte Ltd (“Insight”) was made in
connection with prayer 3 of SUM 6520 and was being sought early in the event
the Bank’s application for a direct sale was not allowed, and the sale was to
be made by public auction or private treaty pursuant to O 70 of the Rules of
Court. It is well known to maritime law practitioners that the Sheriff only
consults the appraiser’s valuation after all sealed bids have been received
following an order to advertise and sell the vessel. Until then, the
appraiser’s valuation, which is received by the Sheriff in a sealed envelope,
would not be opened. As was the case here, Insight’s valuation which the
Sheriff received was in a sealed envelope was unopened. As I previously held
in _The_ _Turtle Bay_ at [18], the amount of the appraisal would not be
revealed to the public in order to preserve the integrity of the judicial sale
process.

18 The evidential gap arising from Golden Destiny’s valuation certificate as
stated in [16] above effectively undermined the Bank’s application for a sale
_pendente lite_. Evidence of the expenses of maintaining a vessel under arrest
and the value of the vessel must be present before the court. In the absence
of such evidence, the court cannot decide if the vessel under arrest is or is
likely to be a wasting asset if it is not sold before judgment is obtained
against the shipowner. Mr Kwek identified ongoing expenses such as the crew
wages of the 21 Filipino crew at US$13,673.75 per week, port charges and guard
charges incurred for the period of 30 October 2013 to 20 December 2013
amounting to S$144,070.60 and S$25,680 respectively, and the usual port
charges of S$4,477.87 and security guard charges of S$513.60 which are being
incurred daily. However, the evidence before the court remains incomplete
without a proper valuation of the Vessel.

19 In addition, I agree with AR Lee that there was nothing in writing from
Okeanos stating its willingness or readiness to purchase the Vessel at
US$17.5m and on the Sheriff’s terms and conditions. The affidavit in support
of the direct sale which was deposed by Mr Kwek stated that Okeanos would
“apply to purchase the Vessel” directly from the Sheriff.[note: 6] In another
paragraph, Mr Kwek deposed that Okeanos had offered to purchase the Vessel at
a price of US$17.5m.[note: 7] There was no indication at all as to whom the
offer was made, which is an important consideration seeing that SUM 6520 was
the Bank’s application for an order that Okeanos buys the Vessel in a direct
judicial sale from the Sheriff at US$17.5m. Evidentially speaking, the
purported buyer’s offer itself and the terms of the offer were uncertain. It
was not clear whether there was a buyer ready and willing to commit to a
purchase of the Vessel on the usual Sheriff’s terms and conditions.

20 I also note that the inspiration to find a buyer prepared to carry the
cargo to China started from a conversation Mr Kwek had with the representative
of Swissmarine’s P&I Club. Okeanos is the subsidiary of a customer of the
Bank. There was no evidence and it was not the Bank’s case that it had casted
the net wider in search of more interested parties to attract the best price
for the Vessel (see [8]–[9]).

The Nel

21 The Bank, the Intervener and the Charterers relied on _The Nel_ to persuade
the court to depart from the normal course of commissioning the Sheriff to
appraise and sell the vessel because of the existence of “powerful special
features” or “special circumstances” (see _The Turtle Bay_ at [29]). In _The_
_Nel_ , the arrested vessel had a cargo of sulphur on board that was shipped
from Vancouver on a voyage to Tunisa. The mortgagee had US$12m secured on the
vessel. The cost of off-loading the sulphur on board at Vancouver was
estimated to be US$1.3m. As an alternative, the mortgagee sought to privately
sell the vessel for US$5m to a buyer who was willing to carry the cargo to its
destination. The mortgagee obtained valuations of US$4m and US$3.75m for the
vessel.

22 What was extraordinary in _The Nel_ was the cargo of sulphur. When sulphur
comes into contact with moisture, a chemical reaction is triggered resulting
in the potentially devastating (and dangerous) effect of corroding the steel
of a vessel. On the facts, the court found that there was a real likelihood of
the vessel being corroded (_The Nel_ at [10]):

10 … In addition to the sulphur being aboard the vessel for some six weeks
here at Vancouver with, as I have said, warmer than usual temperatures, she
still had to complete her voyage. A usual voyage from Vancouver to Tunisia,
not taking into account delays at the Panama Canal and delays in discharge at
Tunisia, would take about 26 days assuming a speed of 15 knots. Taking into
account that most of the voyage from Vancouver, through the Panama Canal and
to Tunisia would take place in sub-tropical and tropical climates, the concern
of a corrosive reaction, between steel plate and wet sulphur, was a real and
valid concern. …

23 The court in _The Nel_ observed that should there be corrosion the vessel’s
seaworthiness would be affected, thus making it difficult to sell at a good
price (at [15]). In that case, there was evidence that the vessel “could well,
within weeks and certainly within months, become unsaleable except as scrap or
at a minimal speculative price” (_The Nel_ at [16]). The consequence of that
was the likelihood of a smaller pool of sale proceeds available for
distribution to _in rem_ creditors. In light of the very special
circumstances, the court granted the sale _pendente lite_ to a buyer who was
prepared to carry the cargo to its destination.

24 The other point in _The Nel_ related to the high costs of discharging the
cargo. This same feature was raised by the Intervener and the Charterers. Mr
Yap submitted that the cost of discharging the cargo in this case would be
substantial, thereby reducing the sale proceeds available to _in rem_
creditors. Mr Kwek relied on _The Nel_ at [21] which stated as follows:

… To deny a sale at this point would result in substantial expenses to remove
cargo and/or the certainty, in the future, of a substantially lower sale price
of a ship suspect of sulphur corrosion damage. _In either event_ the proceeds
available to _in rem_ creditors would be smaller. This result is contrary to
the objective of any court ordered sale, that of obtaining the best fair price
for the ship in order to protect creditors. Thus the approval of the private
sale of the “ _Nel_ ” by way of an order and a commission for sale. [emphasis
added]

25 It appears that in granting the application, Prothonotary Hargrave J in
_The Nel_ considered the costs of discharging the cargo from the arrested
vessel as part of the Sheriff’s expenses to be paid out of the proceeds of the
sale of the vessel. I will go on to show that — in the present case at least —
this proposition appears to be inaccurate in that the costs of discharging the
cargo is not part of Sheriff’s expenses and as such the high costs of
discharge is not a relevant factor to allow a direct sale.

26 Interestingly, Prothonotary Hargrave J in a subsequent decision of _Royal
Bank of Scotland plc. v. Kimisis III_ _(The)_ [1999] F.C.J. No. 300 (“
_Kimisis III_ ”), held in _obiter dicta_ that the Canadian position as to
whether such expenses should fall upon the cargo interests or the Sheriff was
actually still open to debate:

13 While the affidavit of Mr. Leo Murphy does perhaps raise a question as to
whether the Plaintiff is taking any undue advantage by indicating to a
potential purchaser of the Kimisis III that it was not possible to arrange a
sale of the vessel with cargo aboard and that it was not interested in such a
transaction, there may well be another side to the proposal of Curzon Maritime
Ltd. to purchase the Kimisis III and carry Noga’s cargo to its destination. It
would be best for all concerned if that possibility were dealt with further,
certainly by the Plaintiff and perhaps also by Noga, if it is able to develop
further material given more time. _However, I do not need to make a finding,
at this point, as to whether the cost of discharging cargo should fall upon
the cargo owner, the general rule under English law, or whether the cost of
discharge of cargo should be a Marshall’s expense in getting the ship ready
for sale, the American approach, or whether equitable considerations, as
suggested by Mr. Justice Cons in The Mingren Development, ought to apply._
[emphasis added]

27 Since then, the Federal Court of Canada in _Cameco Corp. v. “MCP Altona”
(The)_ (2013) 225 A.C.W.S. (3d) 292 (“ _MCP Altona_ ”) held that the costs of
discharge fall on the cargo owner and was not a Marshal’s expense. Sean
Harrington J reviewed a number of decisions including the English cases (which
adopt the position that such costs are to be borne by cargo interests),
American cases (which adopt the position that such costs are to be paid out of
the proceeds of sale), and the previous Federal Court of Canada decision of
_Kimisis III_ , before arriving at the following conclusion (at [44]):

44 I am more persuaded by the English and Hong Kong authorities and hold that
the cost of discharging the cargo of uranium and cleaning the ship, assuming
the contract was frustrated due to a breach of contract on the part of the
carrier, forms part of Cameco’s cargo claim, and is not to be equated with
marshal’s expenses. This is not to say that in this particular case the
exercise of equitable discretion might not give Cameco priority over the
mortgage.

28 As alluded to in _Kimisis III_ and _MCP Altona_ , English law places the
burden of such costs on the cargo interests for the following reasons observed
by Sheen J in _The Jogoo_ [1981] 1 WLR 1376 (“ _The Jogoo_ ”) at 1380:

At the forefront of Mr. Mance’s submissions on behalf of the mortgagees he
invited me to consider the contractual relationship between the cargo-owners
and the ship-owners. The cargo was carried in _Jogoo_ under a contract of
carriage, one of the terms of which was that freight was pre-paid at Mombasa.
When freight is paid in advance the cargo-owners accept the commercial risk
that the voyage will not be completed for whatever reason. If the contract is
frustrated the cargo-owners bear the loss because the Law Reform (Frustrated
Contracts) Act 1943 does not apply to contracts for the carriage of goods by
sea: see section 2 (5)(_a_). The ship-owners repudiated the contract of
carriage by failing to pay their creditors or put up security in order to
obtain the release from arrest of their vessel, with the result that the
cargo-owners now have claims for damages against them. The cargo-owners have a
right to remove their cargo from the ship, or they may abandon it.

29 For similar reasons, the Supreme Court of Hong Kong adopted the English
position in _Dharamdas & Co. (Nigeria) Ltd. and another v. The Owners of the
Ship or Vessel “Mingren Development” __and Panasia Realty & Finance Ltd_
[1979] HKCU 19 (“ _Mingren Development_ ”). I find it useful to recite the
following passage by Cons J:

It seems to me that the English position derives from the old common law
doctrine of frustration. American courts have approached from a different
direction. They appear to look at it this way, that from the moment of its
arrest a ship is a common fund administered by the court for the common
benefit of all those interested in the fund and that any expenses incurred in
the administration of that fund should be borne by the fund itself as an
“expense of justice”. These may include wharf dues: _The Poznan_ [1927] AMC
723 or the cost of discharging cargo to make a vessel more easily disposed of
by sale: _The Emilia_ [1963] AMC 1447. However this approach has not been
without its critics: _Gilmore and Black Admiralty Law_ , 2nd edition, p. 603.
Obviously there is no perfect solution. Financial disaster, like any other
disaster at sea, is likely to cause suffering to the innocent. The argument
that the suffering should fall primarily upon the mortgagee I find largely
emotional. It is true that he may sometimes have a free choice of when and
where he arrest the ship and may thus be able to lessen the impact on others.
But so sometimes do other claimants. And no one can, as a general rule, be
blamed for exercising his rights at such time as he thinks most propitious to
himself. If he takes undue advantage in any particular circumstance the court
may take that into account against him when exercising its discretion. The
present position is of long standing. As I see it the position was confirmed
in 1943 when contracts for the carriage of goods by sea were deliberately
excluded from the operation of the Law Reform (Frustrated Contracts) Act. I am
not persuaded that the American approach is so much more just or that
conditions now are so different from those in 1943 that I should take it on
myself to make a general change.

30 In the present case, the Vessel, and not its cargo, was under arrest. The
intervener who asserts rights over the cargo would have to off-load the cargo
at its expense, and not at the Sheriff’s expense. This would be the position
unless the equities of the case justify treating the costs of discharge as
Sheriff’s expenses (see _The “Nagasaki Spirit”_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 165 at [30]).

31 It bears mentioning that courts in _The Jogoo_ and _Mingren Development_
appeared to be largely persuaded by their respective Law Reform (Frustrated
Contracts) Act which expressly excluded contracts for carriage of goods by
sea. I note parenthetically that the position in Singapore under the
Frustrated Contracts Act (Cap 115, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) is no different,
as s 3(5)(_a_) expressly provides that the Act does not apply to “any
charterparty, except a time charterparty or a charterparty by way of demise,
or to any contract (other than a charterparty) for the carriage of goods by
sea”. However, since this point was not argued by any of the counsel, and is
likely to arise on another occasion, I will say no more in this decision.

32 For now, the assertion that the costs of discharging the cargo would eat
into the eventual sale proceeds as argued by counsel is irrelevant to the
determination of whether to grant a direct sale _pendente lite_ for the
reasons stated above.

Other factors

33 Mr Yap also referred to the impossibility of landing the cargo in Singapore
and that transhipping the cargo would be slow and costly. The issues of
scheduling and timing of the transhipment vessel (assuming one was available)
and deterioration of the cargo were raised. He therefore contended that the
Bank’s application for direct judicial sale would be in the best interests of
everyone concerned.

34 In many cases of arrest of cargo-laden vessels, the voyage is typically
abandoned when the owner of the arrested vessel does not or is unable
financially to put up security to lift the arrest. Cargo interests would have
to step forward to recover possession of the cargo from the owner of the
vessel. In this case, as stated above at [30], it is the Vessel that was under
arrest and not its cargo. The alleged “special circumstances” are in reality a
typical consequence of an arrest of a cargo-laden vessel. Just as the costs of
discharge of cargo do not fall automatically under Sheriff’s expenses,
transhipment expenses for the same reasons stated above should not be treated
as Sheriff’s expenses to be paid out from the sale proceeds. In the final
analysis, such costs are, in principle, claims for breach of the contract of
carriage against the vessel owners and/or the charterers.

35 The facts in _The_ _Union Gold_ are also different from the facts of the
present case. In _The Union Gold_ , Teare J sanctioned the direct sale of “an
elderly vessel” built in 1984 which was “unlikely to attract many buyers” (at
[24]). The vessel in question was valued at only €315,000. The court there
found it compelling that the proposed buyer in that case offered to buy the
vessel because it was in a position whereby he was able to retain and operate
a long term contract which provides business for her (and other vessels). If
that contract was lost, the proposed buyer would not be willing to buy the
vessel. The court also took into consideration the fact that the jobs of 21
crew members would be lost. In those unique circumstances, the court came to
the conclusion that the vessel would probably fetch a higher price through a
direct private sale than it would through a public auction. In the present
case, while Okeanos has offered to employ the crew members of the Vessel, that
by itself does not constitute a “special circumstance”. Unlike _The Union
Gold_ , the present case by no means concerns a very old vessel. The Vessel
was built in 2001. The Defendant’s forecast to the Bank in June 2013 stated
that the Vessel was capable of trading until December 2017. There was no
urgency to recoup whatever value remaining in the Vessel.

Conclusion

36 For the reasons stated, prayer 2 of the Bank’s application for the direct
sale of the Vessel _pendente lite_ was dismissed. Without satisfactory
evidence as to her value, the Bank’s assertion that the value of the security
represented by the Vessel would be progressively reduced by the costs of
maintaining her under arrest was not made out. I therefore did not grant
prayer 2a for a sale _pendente lite_.

* * *

[note: 1]Eric Mullen’s affidavit filed on 24 January 2014 at para 21.

[note: 2]Christopher Nicholas Connelly’s affidavit filed on 21 January 2014 at
para 14.

[note: 3]Christopher Nicholas Connelly’s affidavit filed on 21 January 2014 at
para 15.

[note: 4]Zhao Hui’s affidavit filed on 27 January 2014 at para 29.

[note: 5]Zhao Hui’s affidavit filed on 27 January 2014 at para 36.

[note: 6]Winston Kwek Choon Lin’s affidavit filed on 20 December 2013 at para
9.

[note: 7]Winston Kwek Choon Lin’s affidavit filed on 20 December 2013 at para
10.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

