Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ling Yew Kong _v_ Teo Vin Li Richard  
[2014] SGHC 6

Case Number| :| Suit No 352 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeal No 310 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Yoong Nim Chor and Wong Xun-Ai (KhattarWong LLP) for the
plaintiff/appellant; Godwin Gilbert Campos (Godwin Campos LLC) for
defendant/respondent.  
Parties| :|  Ling Yew Kong — Teo Vin Li Richard  
  
9 January 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei JC:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the Plaintiff from the decision of the learned
Assistant Registrar Teo Guan Kee (“the AR”) in Summons No 3506 of 2013 (“Sum
3506”) delivered on 28 August 2013, granting the Defendant conditional leave
to defend Suit No 352 of 2013 (“the Second Suit”) under O 14 r 4 of the Rules
of Court (Cap 233, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). The subject matter of the Second
Suit relates back to an earlier action between the same parties which was
supposed to have been “resolved” by means of a Settlement Agreement dated 1
February 2013 (“the Settlement Agreement”).

2 The appeal involves an interesting legal issue which is whether, and if so
to what degree, the alleged illegality in an action would taint a settlement
agreement arising out of that action.

3 After hearing the parties, I am allowing the appeal and reversing the
decision of the AR granting conditional leave to defend. Summary judgment is,
therefore, entered in favour of the Plaintiff.

The Facts

The parties

4 The Plaintiff and Defendant were business associates in a public company in
Singapore, Firstlink Investments Corporation Limited (“Firstlink”). The
Plaintiff, Ling Yew Kong, is the Executive Chairman of Firstlink (“the
Plaintiff”), and the Defendant, Teo Vin Li Richard (the “Defendant”), got to
know the Plaintiff through various business dealings.

5 The Plaintiff is the appellant in the appeal before me while the Defendant
is the respondent. I refer to parties in their original capacity as in the
hearing below.

Suit No 733 of 2012 – the First Suit

6 Suit No 733 of 2012 was started in the High Court of Singapore on 4
September 2012 (“the First Suit”). The First Suit embodied a claim by the
plaintiff against the defendant for $730,000 alleged to be owed by the
Defendant together with interests and costs. According to the Plaintiff’s
Statement of Claim in the First Suit dated 4 September 2012, the money was
loaned to the Defendant to enable the Defendant to pay a debt that he owed to
one Foo Chek Hin (“Foo”). Payment was made by the Plaintiff by means of a
cheque dated 6 January 2012 drawn to the order of Foo. The Plaintiff’s claim
was that Defendant had agreed to repay the monies, but eventually failed to do
so. In support of the claim, the Plaintiff pleaded a signed Acknowledgement
dated 5 January 2012 (hereinafter referred to as “the Acknowledgment of
Debt”). The Plaintiff in further support also asserted that the Defendant had
attempted to make a part payment of the debt on or around 17 February 2012 by
means of a cheque of $100,000 drawn to the order of the Plaintiff, and was
therefore a further acknowledgment of the debt. The cheque was subsequently
dishonoured when presented for payment.

7 The defence filed in the First Suit dated 2 October 2012 denied the claim.
The defence was that the Plaintiff and Defendant had discussed a number of
commercial projects in early 2011 and through the discussions the Defendant
came to trust and have confidence in the Plaintiff, treating the Plaintiff as
a “mentor and a good friend”. The Defendant asserted that the Plaintiff
frequently entertained businessmen at the integrated resorts in Singapore, and
that sometime in April 2011 the Plaintiff and Defendant agreed that the
Plaintiff would “act as a junket” by offering credit in the form of non-
negotiable chips to businessmen and friends of the Plaintiff and the
Defendant. The Defendant asserted that by doing this the Plaintiff would earn
a “rolling commission” from the casino. In accordance with this alleged
agreement, the Plaintiff was said to have opened a credit account with Marina
Bay Sands casino (“MBS”) whereby the Plaintiff enjoyed a credit line up to
$500,000. In this way, the Plaintiff was alleged to have withdrawn chips which
were passed to businessmen and friends of the Plaintiff and Defendant. This
was said to result in the Plaintiff securing a commission.

8 By doing this, the Defendant alleged that the Plaintiff was acting as a
junket in contravention of s 110(1) of the Casino Control Act (Cap 33A, 2007
Rev Ed) (“CCA”). In addition, the Defendant pleaded that the Plaintiff was
acting as a moneylender by providing chips on credit contrary to s 108(9) of
the CCA. According to the Defendant, by December 2011, the Plaintiff was
indebted to MBS as a result of gambling losses, and it was the Defendant who
then “suggested” that the Plaintiff borrow money from Foo, a mutual friend, so
as to discharge his indebtedness to MBS. Subsequently, the Plaintiff repaid
Foo by means of the cheque payment of $730,000 that was referred to in the
Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim. As for the alleged attempted part payment, the
Defendant’s explanation was that the cheque of $100,000 was presented to the
Plaintiff to cover the gambling losses which had been incurred by “one of the
Defendant’s friends”. The cheque was supposed to be by way of security pending
payment by the friend (and not to be presented without informing the
Defendant). Therefore, according to the Defendant, he did not owe the sum of
$730,000 as this was really the sum paid off to Foo.

9 To cap off the defence, the Defendant also asserted that in any case, if it
was found otherwise, the alleged debt was unenforceable on account of
contravention of the CCA.

The Settlement Agreement

10 Whatever the parties’ position in the First Suit, this eventually
culminated in a Settlement Agreement between the parties settling the First
Suit. As the Settlement Agreement was the basis of the Plaintiff’s claim in
the Second Suit, parties in the Second Suit had attempted to explain their
rationale for entering into this Settlement Agreement, which I now briefly
state for background purposes.

11 Given the claim and defence filed in the First Suit, the adequacy and/or
interpretation of the Acknowledgement of Debt was of some importance. In
Summons No 5598 of 2012 (“Sum 5598”), the Defendant had applied to expunge
certain portions of the Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 16 October 2012 (pursuant
to another Summons No 5334 of 2012), which contained an admission note dated 3
October 2012. Sum 5598 came before the learned Assistant Registrar Boey Yi
Ling Germaine (“AR Boey”), who dismissed the application. On appeal
(Registrar’s Appeal No 501 of 2012), Lai Siu Chiu J reversed AR Boey’s
decision, thereby expunging the admission note of 3 October 2012 that the
Plaintiff had hoped to rely on. [note: 1] The Plaintiff asserts that this was
the context that explains why he was amenable to a settlement – by way of a
compromise as to their different positions in the First Suit.[note: 2]

12 The Defendant asserts that he was amenable to a settlement even though he
“appreciated the strength” of his position.[note: 3] The First Suit was
settled as “litigation was proving to be too prolonged, contentious and
costly” and also because the litigious proceedings “had a negative impact on
my business relationships” and would “impose further strain on me and worsen
deteriorating business relations between myself and the aforesaid third party
friends.”[note: 4]

13 The Settlement Agreement was signed on 1 February 2013 as subsequently
supplemented by an exchange of letters dated 5 February 2013 between the
Plaintiff and Defendant’s solicitors. I elaborate further on the Settlement
Agreement below at [19] to [24], but suffice to state for now the main terms
of the Settlement Agreement were that the claim for $730,000 in the First Suit
was to be settled as follows:[note: 5]

(a) Payment of $100,000 in cash to the Plaintiff (or his authorised
representative) no later than 28 February 2013.

(b) Payment of $230,000 in cash to the Plaintiff (or his authorised
representative) no later than 31 March 2013.

(c) Delivery by the Defendant to the Plaintiff (or his authorised
representative) of share transfer forms in respect of 11,500,000 ordinary
shares in the capital of Firstlink (with the relevant share certificates) no
later than 15 February 2013. In the event that this was not done, the
Defendant would be immediately liable to pay the sum of $400,000.

(d) Provision that if the Defendant failed to meet the above obligations by
the dates as provided that the Defendant would forthwith become liable for all
amounts not so paid.

14 In accordance with the Settlement Agreement, the Plaintiff filed a notice
of discontinuance in the First Suit on 5 February 2013. Subsequently, the
Defendant caused the share transfer forms together with the relevant share
certificates to be delivered to the Plaintiff.[note: 6] The Defendant,
however, failed to make the other payments.

The Second Suit

15 As a result of the Defendant’s failure to fully satisfy the terms of the
Settlement Agreement, the Plaintiff commenced the Second Suit where he claimed
against the Defendant the balance owing under the Settlement Agreement (_ie_ ,
$330,000 which is $730,000 less the value of the Firstlink shares).

16 The Defence filed in the Second Suit is essentially run on two main fronts.
Put briefly, the first defence is that the Settlement Agreement is tainted by
the very same “illegality” which affected the Plaintiff’s claim in the First
Suit (I refer to this as “the illegality defence”). The second is that there
was an “understanding” that the Defendant would seek to recover the sum of
$330,000 from certain third party friends who had incurred gaming losses and
to thereafter hand the monies over to the Plaintiff. In short, the second
defence is that the Defendant was never personally liable as such for the
$330,000 and that what was required was that he should try to recover the
monies from third party friends despite the terms of the Settlement
Agreement.[note: 7]

17 In the Reply filed in the Second Suit, the Plaintiff (save for any
admissions in the Reply) joined issues with the Defendant on the Defence.
Insofar as the allegations that the Plaintiff was acting as a junket operator
at MBS and that the debts were incurred in that context, the Plaintiff pleaded
that the allegations were largely “verbatim repeats” of what had been pleaded
by the Defendant in the First Suit and that the Defendant should be fully
aware of the Plaintiff’s position.[note: 8] The Plaintiff in the Second Suit
also asserts that the defence filed in the First Suit (_ie_ , that he was
running a junket operation and was moneylending) was irrelevant to the claim
in the Second Suit and that in any case, all issues arising from the First
Suit had been “fully and finally settled” as between the Plaintiff and the
Defendant by virtue of the Settlement Agreement. For good measure, the
Plaintiff also pleads that the Defendant never applied to strike out the
Plaintiff’s claim in the First Suit and that it was the Defendant who
approached the Plaintiff for settlement discussions.[note: 9]

18 Insofar as the pleadings filed in the Second Suit are concerned, it is
noted that the Plaintiff does not make any express reference to the assertion
that the Settlement Agreement arose out of earlier litigation said to concern
gaming debts and an illicit junket operation. Whilst the Plaintiff did
generally join issues with the defence, the main position taken on the
assertion of gaming debts and junket operation is that even if the Plaintiff
had acted as a junket operator, there was no allegation or suggestion that the
Plaintiff had extended any credit to the Defendant in the form of non-
negotiable chips or that the Defendant was a customer of the Plaintiff in the
junket business.[note: 10] Referring back to the Acknowledgement of Debt which
formed the basis of the First Suit, the Plaintiff in the written submissions
states that the Defendant never explained how the debt owed to Foo and paid by
the Plaintiff on behalf of the Defendant was unenforceable by virtue of the
alleged junket operations. Instead, the Plaintiff notes that the defence
position in the First Suit on the debt owed to Foo was that the sum of
$730,000 was actually an amount borrowed by the Plaintiff from Foo and that
the cheque made out to Foo by the Plaintiff was in fact repayment of the
Plaintiff’s debt to Foo.

The striking out application and the Settlement Agreement

19 The Plaintiff later took out Sum 3506 on 10 July 2013, which was an
application for summary judgment in the Second Action. Central to this
application was the parties’ position on the Settlement Agreement, which I
elaborate on now.[note: 11]

20 The Settlement Agreement is dated 1 February 2013 and was signed by the
Plaintiff and the Defendant. It refers to the First Suit, sets out the various
terms of the settlement (see [13] above) and concludes with the provision
that:

Subject to and based on the above, the parties agree that the Suit is fully
and finally settled as between them. This Agreement is governed by and shall
be construed in accordance with, the laws of Singapore.

21 On 5 February 2013, an exchange of letters took place between the
solicitors for the Plaintiff and Defendant.[note: 12] The essence of these
letters is that the Defendant’s solicitor confirmed that the Defendant had
entered into the Settlement Agreement in accordance with the terms summarised
earlier subject to the Plaintiff filing a discontinuance of the First Suit.
The confirmation letter from the Defendant’s solicitor makes no reference at
all to any terms or conditions other than those that have been referred to.
Specifically, there is no mention of any understanding or arrangement to the
effect that the Defendant’s liability for the cash payments under the
settlement was linked in any way to the recovery by the Defendant of the same
from the third party friends. There is no dispute that the notice of
discontinuance was indeed filed on time by the Plaintiff. Indeed, it is also
clear that on or around 28 February 2013, the Defendant delivered the share
transfer forms and share certificates.[note: 13]

22 By doing so, the Plaintiff’s case is that Defendant (albeit late) had
“partly performed” the Settlement Agreement and demonstrated that “he
considered himself bound by the agreement.”[note: 14] When the delivery of the
share transfer forms and certificates was made, there was no indication made
of any modification or qualification to the written terms of the Settlement
Agreement.[note: 15]

23 The Defendant’s explanation of the return of the shares is rather
different. According to the Defendant, the Defendant purchased 11,500,000
ordinary shares in the Plaintiff’s company sometime in 2011.[note: 16] This
was alleged to have been done with the encouragement of the Plaintiff. The
Defendant asserts that he wanted to return these shares and felt that this
could be done by means of settlement of the First Suit. To this end, the
Defendant states that they agreed that the shares would be assigned a value of
$400,000[note: 17]. The Defendant adds that the transfer of the shares was
“fundamental” to the settlement and that he agreed to transfer the shares by
way of settlement of his “limited liability” in respect of the gaming losses
of $730,000 said to have been incurred by the “Plaintiff and our friends” at
MBS.[note: 18] By “limited liability” it appears that the Defendant is
referring (at least in part) to his “liability” to recover the monies
borrowed/losses incurred by the Defendant’s friends under the alleged illegal
junket scheme. The Defendant asserts that he never admitted personal liability
for the sum of $330,000 and that he had reached an understanding with the
Plaintiff that the Defendant would recover the sum of $330,000 “from our
mutual friends”.[note: 19]

24 In any case, as mentioned above, the Defendant’s position is also that the
Settlement Agreement was tainted by illegality and therefore should not be
enforced by the courts. I will elaborate on this illegality defence at [38] to
[46] below where I discuss my findings.

The decision of the AR

25 Sum 3506 came before the AR who, on 28 August 2013, granted the Defendant
leave to defend upon the condition that Defendant provided security of
$330,000 in the form of a banker’s guarantee by 18 September 2013. In his
brief grounds of decision, the reason was that:

… although the Defendant appears to have raised a triable issue … in the form
of the illegality argument, namely that the debt arose out of circumstances in
which the Plaintiff would be deemed an unlicensed moneylender pursuant to
section 108 of the Casino Control Act read with section 14 of the Moneylenders
Act, this defence is shadowy in nature and does not justify the granting of
unconditional leave to defend.

26 The AR also stated that he decided to grant conditional leave because the
evidence adduced by the Plaintiff (essentially the acknowledgment note from
Foo and the cheque image):

…falls just short of what in my view is required to rebut the Defendant’s
assertions that the transaction underlying the settlement agreement was
unlicensed moneylending.

27 Significantly, the AR also found that the Defendant’s assertion that there
was an oral agreement (to the effect that the Defendant was only required to
pay $330,000 under the Settlement Agreement if and when the Defendant managed
to recover the same from the third party friends) was unsubstantiated. The
AR’s view was that that there was simply no evidence to support the existence
of such an agreement which would allow him to place any weight on the
assertion for the purposes of the application before him. The Defendant had
merely made a bare assertion as to the oral agreement and had never mentioned
such an oral agreement in any of the earlier communications with the
Plaintiff.

The issues before this court

28 Given the findings of the AR, the only issue before this court is whether
the AR had erred in law in granting the defendant conditional leave to defend
having in mind that the illegality defence was “shadowy in nature”. The legal
issue before this court is, therefore, whether having settled the First Suit,
the Defendant can or should be allowed to raise the illegality defence again
as a means of undermining the Settlement Agreement, _viz_ , in arguing that
the Settlement Agreement is tainted by the alleged illegality in the First
Suit.

Applicable Legal Principles: Summary Judgment

29 Before examining the illegality defence, I first discuss the applicable
legal principles pertaining to an application for summary judgment. Order 14 r
1 of the ROC provides that:

**1**. **Application by plaintiff for summary judgment (O. 14, r. 1)**

Where a statement of claim has been served on a defendant and that defendant
has served a defence to the statement of claim, the plaintiff may on the
ground that that defendant has no defence to a claim included in the writ …
apply to the Court for judgment against that defendant.

30 The principles governing the grant of summary judgement are well known and
will be referred to in brief. As the author in _Singapore Civil Procedure
2013_ (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2013) (“ _Selvam on Singapore
Civil Procedure_ ”) explains, the purpose of a summary judgment is to enable a
plaintiff to obtain a quick judgment where there is plainly no defence to the
claim. At para 14/1/2, he further states that:

[i]f the defendant’s only suggested defence is a point of law and the court
can see at once that the point is misconceived (or if arguable can be shown
shortly to be plainly unsustainable) the plaintiff is entitled to judgment.

31 On the other hand, the author continues to state that summary judgment is
not appropriate if the case lends itself to determining points of law or
construction that may take hours or even days and the citation of many
authorities before the court is in a position to arrive at a final decision.

32 Order 14 r 3 of the ROC goes on to provide that unless the court dismisses
the application or the defendant satisfies the court that there is an issue or
question in dispute which ought to be tried or that there ought for some other
reason to be a trial of the claim (in whole or part), the court may give
judgment for the plaintiff. Where the court determines that leave to defend is
appropriate, O 14 r 4 provides that the leave may either be unconditional or
on terms such as the provision of security. In deciding whether it is
appropriate to grant summary judgment, it has been said that even an assertion
of fraud is not necessarily sufficient to avoid summary judgment if the court
believes that there is no prospect of success at trial (see _Ganesan Carlose &
Partners v American Home Assurance Co_ [1994] 2 SLR 332). On the other hand,
this court is reminded that a defendant is not to be shut out from defending
unless it is very clear that there is no defence. Indeed _Selvam on Singapore
Civil Procedure_ at para 14/4/5 states that “where the defence can be
described as more than shadowy but less than probable, leave to defend should
be given.”

33 In deciding whether leave to defend should be granted, the court is also
reminded that leave to defend is to be granted not simply in cases where there
appears to be a fair case for defence but also where there is “some other
reason” for a trial. Whilst the latter words are of wide scope, ordinarily, it
is suggested, there should be some connection between the “other reason” and
the substantive merits of the Plaintiff’s claim. Tricky questions can arise
where the reason (or even the main reason) why the Defendant wants a trial is
because of publicity. That said, _Selvam on Singapore Civil Procedure_ at para
14/4/6 gives the example of a decision where the plaintiff’s case tended to
show that he had acted harshly or unconscionably and it is thought desirable
that if he were to get judgment at all it should be in the full light of
publicity (citing _Bank fur Gemeinwirtshaft AG v City of London Garages Ltd_
[1971] 1 All ER 541 at 548). Yet another example cited was the decision of
Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) in _Concentrate Engineering Pte Ltd v United
Malayan Banking Corporation Bhd_ [1990] SLR 514. The latter was a case where
the evidence showed a bold and unusual scheme to defraud by use of apparently
forged cheques. In these circumstances, the defendant bank suspected that
someone inside the plaintiff was involved. The decision of Chan Sek Keong J
was that the sheer audacity of the sophisticated fraud and the absence of
explanation by the plaintiff’s directors was “some other reason” for a trial.
That said, it does not follow that leave to defend is always appropriate
simply because there are background criminal investigations or that the
defendant needs more time. Each case for summary judgment must, of course,
turn on its own facts. Where it is clear that there is no defence, the fact
that the court disapproves of the general behaviour of the Plaintiff or
parties is not a reason to deny summary judgment. The position will be
different if the unconscionable conduct of the Plaintiff opens the door to a
possible defence.

34 In a similar vein, Jeffrey Pinsler SC in _Principles of Civil Procedure_ ,
(Academy Publishing, 2013) (“ _Pinsler on Principles of Civil Procedure_ ”) at
266 states that since summary judgment is:

… a final judgment, which disregards fact finding procedures leading to a
thorough adjudication at trial, the court would want to be satisfied that
there is no other reason why the case should go through the normal case of
litigation.

35 The caveat stated in _Pinsler on Principles of Civil Procedure_ at 267 also
bears underscoring:

[A] defendant must show clear justification for his reliance on this ground. A
vague allegation that a case needs to be investigated in the absence of good
reason would not constitute some other reason for trial.

36 Where leave to defend is appropriate, an issue may arise as to whether the
leave should be unconditional or subject to terms. _Selvam on Singapore Civil
Procedure_ at para 14/4/12 explains that granting leave to defend subject to
terms such as provision of security is appropriate in those cases where there
is good ground for believing that the defence is a sham defence and where the
court is very nearly prepared to give judgment. In this respect, it has often
been said that conditional leave is appropriate where the defence is “shadowy”
or “suspicious”. Whilst these adjectives may be of some (limited) assistance,
it is necessary to bear in mind the principle that lies behind the exercise of
the discretion. To this end, the comments of Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then
was) in _Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai v Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2
SLR(R) 856 bear repeating. In that case the court stated that the multitude of
terms used such as “a real doubt about the defendant’s good faith”, “shadowy”,
“sham”, “suspicious”, “hardly of substance” were somewhat “pejorative” and
which may obscure the true principle. In his view, imposition of a condition
on the leave to defend was appropriate in those cases where the court is of
the view that whilst it cannot be said that the claimed defence is so hopeless
that in truth there is no defence, that “the overall impression is such that
some demonstration of commitment on the part of the defendant to the claimed
defence is called for.” It follows that unconditional leave to defend should
be granted where there is a reasonable ground (fair probability) for a
defence. On the other hand, where the court is satisfied that there is no
defence, it would not be appropriate to permit the defendant to “purchase”
leave to defend by means of payment of security for the claim. Conditional
leave may be most appropriate in those cases where the apparent strength of
the claimed defence lies somewhere between (reasonable ground and no defence)
coupled with some doubt as to the sincerity of the defendant’s position or
intention to defend. Clearly, however, the interplay between these two points
will depend on the circumstances of each case.

37 With these principles in mind, I now turn to discuss whether the AR had
erred in granting the Defendant conditional leave to defend (hence dismissing
the application for summary judgment) in the light of the illegality defence.

Should the Defendant be allowed to raise the very same set of issues again as
a means of undermining the Settlement Agreement, _viz_ in arguing that the
Settlement Agreement is tainted by the alleged illegality in the First Suit?

The illegality/money-lending argument

38 The illegality defence asserted is predicated on the submissions that the
subject sum of the Second Suit, $330,000, was derived from illegal gambling
activities which the Plaintiff was involved in. In the Defendant’s written
submissions, it is said that the sum was the total of the illegal gambling
debts incurred and owed to the Plaintiff by certain third party friends. The
Settlement Agreement reached in the First Suit and which was the basis of the
claim in the Second Suit is said to have been entered into on the premise that
the Plaintiff and Defendant preserve their business relations and friendship
and that in this regard the Defendant would not expose further details of the
Plaintiff’s illegal junket operations. Even though the Plaintiff (in the
Second Suit) is suing on the basis of the Settlement Agreement, the Defendant
asserts that the gaming matters of the First Suit are not irrelevant since any
settlement agreement founded on an illegal gambling debt was defective and
that, once tainted, any residual claim based on the Settlement Agreement must
be unenforceable.

39 Section 108(9)(_a_) of the CCA provides that:

**108**.—(9) Any person who —

(_a_) provides chips on credit to persons other than as permitted in
subsection (7) or (7A) shall be deemed to be a moneylender for the purposes of
the Moneylenders Act (Cap.188); …

40 Subsections (7) and (7A) are concerned with the provision of chips on
credit by a casino operator and a licensed international market agent and are
not relevant to the proceedings at hand. In addition the Defendant relies on s
110(1) of the CCA which provides that:

**Prohibited casino marketing arrangements**

110.—(1) No person shall organise or conduct a casino marketing arrangement
which involves the participation of any citizen of Singapore or permanent
resident of Singapore.

41 A “casino marketing arrangement” is defined in s 2(1) of the CCA (with
particular reference to s 2(1)(_a_)) as:

… an arrangement whereby a person organises, promotes or facilitates the
playing of any game in a casino by one or more patrons, for which the first-
mentioned person receives from the casino operator or from the person for the
time being in charge of the casino

(_a_) a commission based on the turnover of play in the casino attributable to
the patron or patrons or otherwise derived from the play of the patron or
patrons;

…

42 It will be recalled that the basic position of the Defendant in the First
Suit was that the Plaintiff had opened an account at MBS and that he would
from time to time withdraw non-negotiable chips to pass to friends and
business associates to use for gaming purposes. By doing this, the Plaintiff
was said to have earned a rolling commission.

43 Assuming that the Plaintiff was acting contrary to s 108(9)(_a_) of the
CCA, the Defendant’s submission was that the Plaintiff was also caught by s
14(2) of the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (“MLA”), which provides
that:

14.—(2) where any contract for a loan has been granted by an unlicensed
moneylender, or any guarantee or security has been given for such a loan —

(_a_) the contract for the loan, and the guarantee or security, as the case
may be, shall be unenforceable; and

(_b_) any money paid by or on behalf of the unlicensed moneylender under the
contract for the loan shall not be recoverable in any court of law.

44 In addition, reference should also be made here to ss 5(1) and 5(6) of the
Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“CLA”) which provide that:

**Agreement by way of gaming or wagering to be null and void**

**5.** —(1) All contracts or agreements, whether by parol or in writing, by
way of gaming or wagering shall be null and void.

…

**_Promises to repay sums paid under such contracts to be null and void_**

(6) Any promise, express or implied, to pay any person any sum of money paid
by him under or in respect of any contract or agreement rendered null and void
by subsections (1) and (2), or to pay any sum of money by way of commission,
fee, reward or otherwise in respect of any such contract or of any services in
relation thereto or in connection therewith, shall be null and void, and no
action shall be brought or maintained to recover any such sum of money

45 On this basis, the defence in the First Suit was that the alleged debt owed
was in respect of gaming arrangements that were rendered null and void by s
14(2) of the MLA and ss 5(1) and 5(6) of the CLA.

46 The Plaintiff in the First Suit, it will be recalled, pleaded that the
Defendant owed a sum of $730,000 to Foo, which debt had been paid by Plaintiff
on behalf of the Defendant. The Defendant was said to have acknowledged this
and had undertaken to repay the Plaintiff. It will be recalled that the
Settlement Agreement for $730,000 was reached shortly after the Plaintiff
encountered difficulties in obtaining summary judgment in the First Suit
because of concerns over the Acknowledgement of Debt which the Defendant had
signed.[note: 20] There was no finding by any court that the Plaintiff was in
fact running an illegal junket operation or that he was otherwise, in breach
of, or caught by provisions of the CCA, MLA or CLA. Indeed, it bears repeating
that it remains unclear as to what if any connection there was between the
debt owed to Foo and the alleged junket/gaming activities. The allegations
made by the Defendant were very serious and had not been established at the
time when the First Suit was settled. There can be no doubt that if the First
Suit had gone to trial, there would likely have been considerable dispute over
the facts (never mind the law) over the relationship between the parties and
various “third party friends”. Even though the Defendant had made serious
allegations in the First Suit, it is important to take note that at the time
of the Settlement, there was no finding at all of illicit moneylending and it
was by no means certain that the Defendant would have been able to establish
the moneylending/gaming defence.

The Validity and Effect of the Settlement Agreement

47 I come now to the crux of the legal issue which is whether the Defendant
should be allowed to raise the same illegality defence as a means of
undermining the Settlement Agreement, in arguing that the Settlement Agreement
is affected by the alleged illegality in the First Suit. This is bearing in
mind the fact that there was no conclusive finding of any illegality in the
First Suit given that parties entered into a Settlement Agreement before this
issue could be determined.

48 The position of the Defendant in the Second Suit is that the validity of
the Settlement Agreement is affected or tainted by the same illegality which
made the debt irrecoverable in the First Suit, _ie_ , that it was premised on
a gaming and/or moneylending contract and was, therefore, unenforceable.
Parties have raised a number of cases in support of their arguments, and I now
turn to discuss their applicability in the present case before me.

Tan Sim Lay v Lim Kiat Seng [1996] 2 SLR(R) 147

49 In _Tan Sim Lay v Lim Kiat Seng_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 147 (“ _Tan Sim Lay_ ”),
the defendant had admitted a debt and agreed to pay a sum of money to the
plaintiff in consideration of the plaintiff forbearing to sue on the said
debt. When the plaintiff brought an action for breach of the agreement, the
defendant averred that the agreement was a settlement agreement arising from a
series of unlawful moneylending transactions in which the plaintiff had lent
money as an unlicensed moneylender to the defendant. The plaintiff, on the
other hand, alleged that the monies were advanced purely as investment in the
defendant’s money changing business. When the case was heard by Choo Han Teck
JC (as he then was), the learned judicial commissioner found (at [15]) that
there was not the slightest evidence that the plaintiff’s dealings with the
defendant could be regarded as conventional business investments. The court
held that the monies advanced were clearly loans and that:

[i]nterest was payable on these loans and were just as dubiously dubbed
profits. The undisputed evidence was that the profits were not only fixed in
advance but were at a rate up to 152% per annum, clearly exorbitant.

50 Choo JC, therefore, held at [20] that the plaintiff had used the term
“investment” to camouflage “blatant moneylending transactions.”

51 In the present case, the Defendant cites _Tan Sim Lay_ as authority for the
proposition that it is not the court’s position that the terms of a settlement
agreement made between the parties is conclusively the _only_ evidence or
foundation upon which the court will decide the liability of a defendant. The
validity of the settlement agreement would depend in part on whether the
original dispute that was settled was one which was tainted by moneylending.
That said, it is to be noted that _Tan Sim Lay_ was a decision reached after
trial and was based on the finding that the plaintiff had indeed acted as a
moneylender in loaning monies to the defendant. That being so, Choo J found
that the agreement which had been entered into for the settlement of the
various moneylending transactions was caught by the MLA.

52 In the present case, however, there has been no finding of
moneylending/gaming in the First Suit. Notwithstanding the seriousness of the
allegations of the Defendant, it cannot be said with confidence that the
moneylending/gaming defence would have succeeded if the First Suit had gone to
trial. The question is whether the Defendant, having chosen to enter into a
settlement agreement over the First Suit, should now be entitled to raise the
same legal arguments (_ie_ , the illegality defence) which had been raised but
not conclusively decided in the First Suit. If the Defendant is entitled to
raise the same legal arguments, then at trial in the Second Suit, the
Defendant could potentially be able to establish that the $730,000 referred to
in the Settlement Agreement is in respect of gaming debts, and therefore a
serious question will arise as to whether a defence based on the MLA and CLA
is made out. However, since this was not the case in _Tan Sim Lay_ , I find
that it does little to aid the Defendant’s arguments in this appeal.

Quek Chiau Beng v Phua Swee Pah Jimmy [2000] 3 SLR(R) 761

53 _Quek Chiau Beng v Phua Swee Pah Jimmy_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 761 (“ _Quek Chiau
Beng_ ”) concerned a claim for monies owed (S$160,000) in respect of gaming at
a casino in Australia. The sum of money owed was apparently endorsed on
certain baccarat score cards. The plaintiff in his claim asserted that he was
a licensed junket operator at the casino and that the defendant had obtained
un-cashable rolling chips from the plaintiff’s representative. The defendant,
whilst admitting that he gambled at the casino, denied obtaining the chips
from the plaintiff. Instead, his evidence was that the plaintiff’s father had
promised to extend him credit to gamble at the casino and that he had obtained
the chips from the plaintiff’s father. The plaintiff applied for summary
judgment based on the sum as set out on the score card (which was exhibited in
the affidavit filed in support). In holding that the monies were not
recoverable under s 5(2) of the CLA, G P Selvam J noted that there was no
mention anywhere in the documents that there was any loan. Instead, the
allegations and evidence (as pleaded and set out in the affidavits) was that
the defendant had betted on baccarat and had lost heavily. The learned judge
found (in the context of an application for summary judgment under O 14 r 1 of
the ROC) that the defendant was being sued to recover a gambling debt. That
being so, s 5(2) of the CLA applied. All contracts or agreements by way of
gaming were null and void, _ie_ , _nudum pactum_.

54 In coming to his decision, the learned judge commented at [8] that the
gaming section of CLA did not render gambling illegal as such. The purpose was
to put down gambling on credit. He stated as follows:

It means that the winner has no legal remedy against the loser to recover his
wins. Illegality and ineffectiveness, that is nullity, are two different
concepts.

…

… under the gaming section our courts are not allowed to collect gambling
debts for casinos and junket operators. The courts will not permit a gambling
debt to sneak in in disguise, eg as a loan or sale contract for chips.

55 Selvam J observed at [15] that:

[t]he evidence (including the evidence of the defendant) show that what is
sought is a gambling loss. When counsel spoke of a loan it was his wishful
thinking… when was a loan made? How much money was given as a loan? Where was
it given? Who gave it? What was the currency of the loan? There is no hint of
any of these matters in the pleadings or the affidavits. The reality of the
situation was that there was a gaming debt.

56 That being so, the defendant was granted unconditional leave to defend
(reversing the decision below which had granted conditional leave).

57 Whilst it is understandable for the Defendant in the present case to cite
_Quek Chiau Beng_ , it is to be noted that on the basis of the pleadings and
affidavits it was _clear_ to Selvam J that the debt was not incurred by way of
a loan – it was a gambling debt which arose out of bets placed on baccarat at
the Australian casino. That being so, unconditional leave to defend was
granted as the defendant in _Quek Chiau Beng_ appeared to have a good defence
based on the evidence before the court. In the present case, the Plaintiff’s
claim in the First Suit was for recovery of a debt said to have been
acknowledged by the Defendant. Whilst the Defendant has made assertions that
the basis of the First Suit in fact concerned an illicit junket operation and
gaming, this was never conclusively established. In the Plaintiff’s written
submissions in Sum 3506 (the application for summary judgment), the Plaintiff
went on to argue that even if he had been running an unauthorised junket
scheme in Singapore, this had no bearing on the debt which the Defendant owed
to the Plaintiff. That said, it bears repeating that the Plaintiff has, in
general terms, joined issue with the Defendant and that an important reason as
to why the AR declined to award summary judgment was because the
acknowledgement note fell just short of what was needed to rebut the assertion
that the transaction underlying the settlement was unlicensed money lending.
In contrast, Selvam J was not dealing with a case where the claim was to
enforce the terms of a settlement agreement: which agreement had been entered
into to settle an earlier dispute in which there were _unproven_ allegations
of moneylending and gaming. Instead, _Quek Chiau Beng_ concerned an
application for summary judgment to recover a sum of money _which on the
pleadings and affidavits before the court concerned a gambling debt_. It was
in this context that Selvam J held that for the purposes of s 5(2) CLA, it
made no difference that the gaming was carried out with gaming chips and not
cash. (Gaming chips are not money or money’s worth but counters for tracking
the losses and wins.)

Star Cruises Services Ltd v Overseas Union Bank Ltd [1999] 2 SLR(R) 183

58 _Star Cruises Services Ltd v Overseas Union Bank Ltd_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 183
(“ _Star Cruises_ ”) is another decision by Selvam J on the effect of a
contract arising out of gaming. In that case, the plaintiff casino operator
claimed a sum of money from the defendant bank (OUB) in respect of three
cashier’s orders issued by OUB to the plaintiff. OUB in turn claimed that the
cashier’s orders had been fraudulently issued by an employee in connection
with gambling transactions. In coming to his decision (in favour of OUB), the
learned judge set out a helpful summary of the public policy reasons for the
law’s aversion to gaming and wagering contracts and the attempts to circumvent
rules against recovery of gambling debts by lending monies to gamblers and
attempts to recover the gaming debts by means of a claim for repayment of a
loan. Selvam J noted s 6(1)(2) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1994 Rev Ed)
(which later was amended to the current s 5(1)(2) of CLA) and commented (at
[68]) that:

… [g]aming debts are not legal debts. The courts of justice are out of bounds
to claims based on gaming or wagering because no action can be brought or
maintained to enforce them. The doors of justice are closed to them. Sections
6(2) and 6(5) have clamped down on credit gambling by denying legal remedy to
enforce gaming debts and securities based on them. It has done so for public
policy reasons with a history of some 450 years.

59 The learned judge continues at [69] by holding that the clamp down

… includes the accessory contracts before the actual game and derivative
contracts after the play. In the case of a composite-contract, if the gaming
contract is the central or matrix contract, the whole composite-contract
comprising the central, accessory and derivative contracts are voided …

60 The decision in _Star Cruises_ arose after a trial which led Selvam J hold
(at [105]) that all the cashier’s orders represented gaming losses _ie_ ,
money won by way of gambling at the plaintiff’s casino. In the present case,
there has yet to be a trial and the application is for summary judgment based
on the written terms of a Settlement Agreement. The Settlement Agreement does
not on its face indicate or state that the payments to be made are in respect
of gaming losses. That said, the Settlement Agreement clearly concerns and
relates to the claims brought in the First Suit where gaming assertions had
been made (but not yet established) by the Defendant. As I had observed
earlier, the real issue before this court is whether (in the context of an
application for summary judgment) the Defendant should be allowed or given
another opportunity to raise the same (_unproven_) gaming issues that were
supposedly settled by agreement. Is this a case where the court should adopt a
holistic approach and look at the Settlement Agreement in the context of the
alleged transactions as a whole so as to take a composite approach? If so, the
fact that the characteristics of the alleged earlier transaction (the
circumstances in which the debt arose that was the subject of the First Suit)
is unclear and in real dispute must also be a relevant consideration as is
discussed below.

Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc [2010] 1 SLR 1129

61 _Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc_ [2010] 1 SLR 1129 (“ _Poh Soon Kiat_ ”)
was a case where Desert Palace Inc (the respondent) had brought a suit in
Singapore against the appellant in respect of which an application for summary
judgment was made. The suit was based on a claim to enforce a foreign judgment
obtained in 2001 in the State of California, USA. The Californian judgment had
set aside a transfer of property by the appellant (on the basis of fraud) and
had also ordered the property to be sold and for the sale proceeds to be made
available to satisfy judgment debts owing to the Respondent obtained in 1999
(from the same court). The judgment obtained in 1999 was itself based on an
earlier US District Court (Nevada) decision that was based on a gambling debt
owed by the appellant to the respondent. The High Court in Singapore found for
the Respondent on the basis that the 2001 Californian judgment was enforceable
in Singapore and that there was no defence to the action. On appeal, Chan Sek
Keong CJ surveyed the Singapore law and public policy on gambling and came to
the conclusion (at [95]) that the introduction of casino gambling in Singapore
under strict controls did not abrogate the public policy that was encapsulated
in s 5(2) of the CLA. The Chief Justice continued (at [97] and [98]) that
there was a clear difference between regulated casino gambling and unregulated
gaming at large (including gambling on credit) and that “the existence of
regulated gambling is not inconsistent with unregulated gambling and gambling
on credit being against public policy in Singapore.” That said, the Court of
Appeal held (at [127]) that the 2001 Californian judgment was not enforceable
by way of a common law action as it was not a foreign money judgment. The
Court of Appeal went on to observe (in _dicta_) however, that it appeared that
s 5(2) CLA would also have barred the action since the action on the foreign
judgment was based on an underlying cause of action concerning a gambling
debt.

62 In coming to its decision, the Court of Appeal in _Poh Soon Kiat_ referred
to the earlier decisions of _Star City Pty Ltd (formerly known as Sydney
Harbour Casino Pty Ltd) v Tan Hong Woon_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 306 (“ _Star City_ ”)
and _Burswood Nominees Ltd v Liao Eng Kiat_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 436 (“ _Burswood_
”). In _Star City_ , the Court of Appeal (at [30]) came to the view that
Singapore (in line with the position in England) had departed from the
historical position that gambling and gaming, especially on credit, was a
social vice that had to be eradicated at all costs. Yong Pung How CJ at [30]
expressed the view that:

…[g]ambling _per se_ is no longer considered to be contrary to the public
interest and this accounts for the various forms of legalised gaming and
gambling which currently exists in Singapore such as 4-D, Toto, the Big Sweep,
the Singapore Turf Club, _etc_. Therefore there is no general principle of
public policy in Singapore, against the recovery of money lent for the
purposes of gambling abroad, so long if (_sic_) the transaction is indeed a
genuine loan and one which is valid and enforceable according to that foreign
law.

63 The latter statement may now need to be reassessed in the light of the
_dicta_ comments in _Poh Soon Kiat_. Nevertheless, it is worth noting that
even in _Star City_ , Yong Pung How CJ went on to affirm (at [31]) that what
was objectionable “is courts being used by casinos to enforce gambling debts
in the ‘form’ of loans” and that “the courts of justice must remain out of
bounds to claims for moneys won upon wagers, however cleverly or covertly
disguised.” The important point to note is that the “distinction” touched on
in the latter case between gaming debts (monies lost on wagers) and genuine
loans to a borrower who uses the monies to gamble will doubtless require
careful thought, even in those cases where the loan is valid and enforceable
according to applicable foreign law.

64 In _Burswood_ , the plaintiff was the operator of a licensed casino in
Western Australia. The defendant had issued a cheque to the plaintiff in
exchange for a chip voucher. Subsequently, the defendant lost the chips on the
gaming tables and his cheque when presented for payment was dishonoured. The
plaintiff obtained a default judgment in a Western Australian court. The issue
before the Singapore court was whether the Western Australian judgment was
registrable under the Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act
(Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed) (“RECJA”). Section 3(2)(f) of the RECJA prohibits the
registration of a Commonwealth judgment if it was obtained in respect of a
cause of action which for reasons of public policy could not be entertained by
a Singapore court. The Court of Appeal in that case held that the plaintiff’s
claim was for money won upon a wager and that if the plaintiff had commenced
an action in Singapore on the dishonoured cheque that action would have been
barred by s 5(2) of the CLA. However, the Court of Appeal went to state that s
5(2) was not applicable to the Western Australian judgment. Instead, s 3(2)(f)
was applicable and was decisive of the issue, the point being that an
objection based on the latter required a higher threshold of public policy to
be met. The Court of Appeal in _Burswood_ (at [46]) was of the view that there
were no public policy grounds militating against the registration of the
Australian judgment which would offend a fundamental principle of justice or a
deep rooted tradition of Singapore. In _Poh Soon Kiat_ , a differently
constituted Court of Appeal (at [94]) disagreed with the statement that
gambling was no longer contrary to Singapore public policy. If that was the
position, there would have been no need for such an extensive and detailed
legislative and regulatory framework as set out in the CCA. Rather than
repealing s 5 of the CLA, Parliament restructured s 5 so as to make ss 5(1)
and (2) inapplicable to regulated gambling. Further, the Court of Appeal in
_Poh Soon Kiat_ took pains to stress that the public policy objection
encapsulated in s 5(2) CLA was not simply the saving of precious judicial
resources. Broader public interests lay at the heart of the provision. The
decision in _Burswood_ was characterised as unsound since the cause of action
upon which the Western Australian judgment was based was a gambling debt.
Section 5(2) CLA applied to all gambling debts and was clear expression of
Singapore public policy.

65 In the present case, the claim is not being brought by a casino against a
patron who has incurred gaming losses at the casino tables. Taking the
Defendant’s pleaded case at its highest, what is being alleged is that the
Plaintiff provided chips to his friends and business acquaintances to gamble
at a casino in Singapore. Over time, the Plaintiff became indebted to the
casino and sought to recover the “credit” that he had provided to these
friends and associates. How the Defendant “fit” into the scheme was not
entirely clear. The point is that if the First Suit had not been settled and
had proceeded to a full trial, there would likely have been careful
examination of the evidence to determine the facts (what was the relationship
between Foo, the Plaintiff and Defendant; was it a genuine loan transaction or
something else _etc_) and subsequently the law as applicable to gaming debts
and loans. The question (broadly stated) before the court (as set out before)
is whether having settled the First Suit, the Defendant can or should be
allowed to raise the very same set of issues again as a means of undermining
the Settlement Agreement.

Real Estate Consortium Pte Ltd v East Coast Properties Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR
758

66 _Real Estate Consortium Pte Ltd v East Coast Properties Pte Ltd_ [2011] 2
SLR 758 (“ _Real Estate Consortium_ ”) concerned the question as to the degree
of finality to be accorded to settlement agreements (in terms of preventing
parties from re-opening issues supposed to have been settled). The case
concerned disputes which had arisen from a convertible bond agreement between
the plaintiff and the defendants (“the CBA”). About a year after the CBA was
executed, the defendants were unable to repay the principal amount as a result
of which the plaintiff by letter terminated the CBA. The defendants disputed
the plaintiff’s rights under the CBA. They also alleged that the CBA had been
signed by the second defendant without fully understanding the terms that the
CBA was a sham transaction, that the CBA was an unenforceable moneylending
transaction with an exorbitant interest rate and that the CBA had wrongly
terminated. Thereafter, the parties entered into negotiations to settle the
dispute and, after an exchange of correspondence, an instalment re-payment
schedule was agreed with four post-dated cheques being delivered to the
plaintiff. Three of these cheques were subsequently dishonoured. The
defendants’ case was to raise similar points on the CBA (_ie_ , that it was an
act of moneylending, and that it was a sham _etc_) as well as an assertion
that the settlement agreement was not valid as it had been entered into under
economic duress. The plaintiff denied economic duress and claimed that the
issues concerning the validity of the CBA were no longer relevant as they had
been settled between the parties.

67 Andrew Ang J found (at [42]) that it was clear that the issues had been
compromised by a settlement agreement between the parties. The legal question
that arose was whether the settlement agreement had the effect of preventing
the defendants from resurrecting the same issues again. The learned judge held
that they were precluded, and stated at [53] that:

… [w]here parties have agreed to resolve their dispute amicably by way of a
validly formed settlement agreement, the settlement agreement alone governs
the parties' legal relationship; the effect of the settlement agreement is to
put an end to the issues previously raised by the defendants. This oft-stated
principle has been regarded as self-evident as its rationale has seldom been
adequately articulated.

68 Whilst the rationale may not have been often explained, there is little
doubt that there is much good sense in the principle. If an agreement was
validly and properly entered into by way of compromising an action, the common
intention of the parties must have been to compromise that action in
accordance with the terms of the agreement. If the terms of the agreement make
it clear that the settlement agreement was to exclusively govern the dispute
and issues that had arisen then that should be it and neither side will
ordinarily be allowed to renege from what had been agreed. If it is intended
that some issues remain “live” (either generally or in certain circumstances)
then this should be provided for in the agreement itself (although in some
cases it may be that an appropriate term may be implied). Whether the basis
for upholding the settlement agreement is contract or some form of estoppel
(which Andrew Ang J at [58] in _Real Estate Consortium_ expressed some doubt
towards), there can be no doubting the good sense (and arguments of public
interest) in the law upholding agreements freely entered into as part of the
process of dispute resolution and in the interests of commercial certainty.
Indeed, this was a point that was discussed in some detail by Andrew Ang J at
[58] and [59] of _Real Estate Consortium_. Singapore cases cited by the
learned judge as supporting this view include _Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti
Terence Peter_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332, _Lee Kuan Yew v Chee Soon Juan_ [2003] 3
SLR(R) 8, and _Shunmugam Jayakumar v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin_ [1996] 2
SLR(R) 658.

69 That said, it must follow that, whilst the general rule is that the
settlement agreement alone will govern the relationship between the parties,
there will be a residue of cases where the settlement agreement _will not_
have the effect of preventing the re-opening of disputes. The case cited for
this proposition is the English Court of Appeal decision in _Binder v
Alachouzos_ [1972] 2 QB 151 (“ _Binder_ ”). That was a case where a lender had
commenced an action against the borrower for default in the repayment of
loans. The borrower’s defence was that the loans were unenforceable. Before
the trial, the action was settled on terms that the borrower should make
payment of a sum of money by way of instalments. It was agreed that the
Moneylenders Act did not apply to the loan transactions. In that case, Lord
Denning MR found that the dispute as to whether the lender was a moneylender
had already formed the subject matter of a _bona fide_ compromise agreement.
It followed that the dispute could not be reopened unless the lender had taken
“unfair advantage” of the borrower. One such instance given by Lord Denning
was a case where the interest charged was so high that it was presumed to be
harsh and unconscionable. But, and this is of some importance for the case at
hand, Lord Denning also stated at 158 that:

[o]n the other hand, it is important that the courts should enforce
compromises which are agreed in good faith between the lender and borrower. If
the court is satisfied that the terms are fair and reasonable, then the
compromise should be held binding. For instance, if there is a genuine
difference as to whether the lender is a moneylender or not, then it is open
to the parties to enter into a bona fide agreement of compromise. Otherwise,
there could never be a compromise of such an action. Every case would have to
go to the court for final determination and decision. That cannot be right.

70 Andrew Ang J in _Real Estate Consortium_ accepted that a compromise
agreement was not an absolute bar to reopening of issues. Nevertheless, the
learned judge rightly stressed at [61] that inasmuch as the court will not
make a contract for the parties, that there was only _limited_ scope for the
court to determine whether the terms of the compromise was fair and
reasonable. Examples given were cases where the prior issues were tainted by
illegality, fraud, duress, undue influence or mistake. At the end of the day,
Andrew Ang J found that the parties had intended to enter into the settlement
agreement and that there was no basis for the claim that the agreement was
entered into under economic duress. It was always open (at the time) for the
defendants to have defended the claim and in any case the defendants had the
benefit of independent legal advice throughout the settlement negotiations.

71 Whilst the relevance of _Real Estate Consortium_ to the present case is
clear, it is necessary to bear in mind that the latter was a case that went to
trial and the decision reached only after the normal trial process was
complete. _Real Estate Consortium_ was not a case where the matter was
determined on an application for summary judgment. The fact that there was a
full trial which enabled Andrew Ang J to hold that even if he accepted (for
the sake of argument) that the issues could be re-opened, the end result would
have been the same. This is because the court in any case found (after trial)
that there was no merit in the arguments that had been raised. There was no
basis for the plea of mistake, nor was there evidence to show that the second
defendant was inexperienced. The evidence that the CBA was a sham was not
accepted as the evidence showed that the defendants regarded the plaintiff’s
financing as an investment in the property project. That being so, the
allegation of moneylending was not made out. That said, it is clear that the
learned judge’s remarks and comments on the merit of the issues previously
raised were by way of caution and that his main holding remains: that there is
only limited room to reopen issues that have been included in a settlement
agreement.

Application to the present case

72 Now that I have discussed a number of cases counsel cited to me, I now
apply the legal principles to the facts of the present appeal.

73 As noted earlier, the Settlement Agreement in the present case was signed
by both parties on 1 February 2013. The signatures were in the presence of two
witnesses. Clause 3 of the Settlement Agreement states that:

[s]ubject to the above, the parties agree that the Suit is fully and finally
settled as between them. This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed
in accordance with, the laws of Singapore.

74 The Suit referred to was identified in the opening paragraph of the
agreement as “S733/2012/J”. This, of course, is a direct reference to the
First Suit discussed earlier.

75 On 5 February 2013, the solicitors for the Plaintiff sent a letter to the
solicitors for the Defendant noting and setting out the terms of the
Settlement Agreement of 1 February 2013. By this letter, the Plaintiff sought
confirmation of the settlement and that, if the sums were not paid as provided
for, the Defendant would become liable for all amounts not so paid. By a
letter on the same date, the solicitors for the Defendant replied confirming
the settlement including the provision that if the settlement payments were
not paid as provided for, the Defendant would “forthwith become liable for all
amounts not so paid and your client may enforce such obligation against him.”
It is clear and beyond dispute that the parties had taken independent legal
advice by 5 February 2013. Indeed, the Defendant, in his first affidavit,
makes express reference to the fact that he had given certain instructions on
the settlement agreement to his solicitors. This suggests strongly that he had
the benefit of legal counsel earlier and certainly by around the 1 February
2013.

76 Aside from having the benefit of legal counsel, there is no doubt that the
Defendant had partly performed the Settlement Agreement by causing the
transfer of the Firstlink Shares to the Plaintiff in performance of one of his
obligations under the Settlement Agreement. Even though the transfer was late
(occurring on 28 February 2013), the Plaintiff points out that at the time
when the share transfer forms were delivered, there was no indication that
this transfer was to meet obligations owed by friends of the Defendant.[note:
21] Indeed there is no evidence that the transfer was made under any form of
protest. There is also no dispute that the Plaintiff performed his obligation
under the Settlement Agreement by discontinuing the First Action.

77 The cash payments under the Settlement Agreement were due by 28 February
2013 and 31 March 2013. Both of these were not made. Letters of demand were
sent by the solicitors for the Plaintiff to the Defendant on 5March 2013 and
10 April 2013.[note: 22]

78 On 17 April 2013, the solicitors for the Defendant replied to the letter of
demand of 10 April 2013 as follows:[note: 23]

…

2\. We are instructed that our client cannot understand why your client
insists on threatening legal action. We are instructed that fundamental to the
settlement of Suit 733/2012/J was the understanding that our client would be
transferring the sum of $330,000 to your client once he had collected the same
from all the other parties indebted to your client. The circumstances of such
indebtedness by such third parties have been expressed lucidly in the
discontinued Suit 733/2012/J. You will agree that no other person was named or
made a party to the settlement agreement executed upon the discontinuance of
the aforesaid Suit as they were never parties to the action in the first
place.

3\. We are further instructed that despite our client’s best efforts, these
monies have yet to be collected for onward transmission to your client, the
current predicament of which has already been made known to your client. Our
client instructs that these other parties have indicated that they will be abl
e to settle their indebtedness within the next sixty (60) days.

…

79 In the Plaintiff’s Affidavit in Reply dated 12 August 2013 (“LYK RA”), the
existence of an informal oral agreement was denied. Points raised by the
Plaintiff (aside from the fact that the Settlement Agreement was voluntarily
entered into by the Defendant with assistance of legal advice) include the
observation that the Defendant provided few details to substantiate or provide
credence to the allegation that the debts were those of friends who had
gambled with the Plaintiff’s chips. The identity of the friends from whom the
Defendant was supposed to attempt recovery of the debts was not revealed until
the Defendant filed his reply affidavit on 24 July 2013 resisting Sum 3506
(“TVL-AF”). Even then only one person was named. The other friend was simply
described as a “female friend.” The explanation for the Defendant’s reticence
was that he was concerned that if he named the female friend that this would
“sour” his relationship with her as well as worsen his relationship with the
Plaintiff.[note: 24] The Defendant also states that he does not name these
friends as he did not want to “drag them into the mud of litigation.”[note:
25] Up to a certain point, the Defendant’s apparent reticence to name the
third party friends is perhaps somewhat understandable. The failure to provide
details does not necessarily force the conclusion that the oral understanding
was a fabrication. Nevertheless, this court is bound to note that by 5
February 2013, the Plaintiff and Defendant were in the midst of a serious
dispute and that the Defendant must have been aware of the implications of the
Settlement Agreement (taken on at face value). Given the terms of the
Settlement Agreement and the history of the dispute (from the perspective of
the Defendant), the importance of the alleged oral understanding is obvious.
It is for this reason that the absence of details and supporting evidence for
the oral understanding and the debts of the friends is a cause for some
concern. Indeed, the Plaintiff’s solicitors, by letter dated 18 April 2013 (in
reply to the Defendant’s solicitor letter of 17 April 2013), denied the
allegation that there was some sort of understanding and noted that no
particulars had been provided as to who these other parties were who were
alleged indebted to the Plaintiff.

80 In LYK RA, the Plaintiff exhibited and made reference to a number of SMS
messages exchanged between himself and the Defendant. The point that the
Plaintiff sought to make was that nowhere in these messages is there any
reference or suggestion that an oral understanding existed whereby the
Defendant was to recover the debts from third party friends and to hand the
same over to the Plaintiff. The SMS messages referred to were dated 21 January
2013, 28 February 2013, 1, 4 and 5 March 2013. Whilst the exhibited messages
offer some support for the Plaintiff’s position, this court is bound to note
that only portions of the messages appear to be exhibited and there is no
telling as to whether there are other SMS messages or emails _etc_ which may
be relevant.

81 In his grounds of decision, the AR’s view was that there was simply no
evidence to support the existence of the oral agreement which would allow the
AR to place any weight on the assertion for the purposes of the application
for summary judgment. The AR’s comment that the Defendant had only made a
“bare assertion” that there was some oral agreement is justified even if the
court disregards the exhibited SMS chain of messages referred to above.

82 The conclusion that this court has come to is that the Defendant did freely
enter into the Settlement Agreement of 1 February 2013 and as referred to in
the exchange of letters dated 5 February 2013. There is no evidence to support
the Defendant’s assertion that the Settlement Agreement was subject to or
governed by an unrecorded/undocumented oral contract or understanding. Even if
there was some evidence of an oral understanding, the parol evidence rule
would have to be considered. The alleged oral understanding is clearly
inconsistent with the written terms of the Settlement Agreement. To be clear,
this court is not deciding this appeal simply on the basis of the parol
evidence rule. Instead, the decision is based on the view that the existence
of the Settlement Agreement has been firmly established and that there is no
basis for doubting its terms and obligations and subjecting performance to
some informal, oral understanding which fundamentally alters what was
expressly provided and for which there is no supporting evidence.

83 It follows that I am not satisfied that the Defendant has shown that leave
to defend (unconditional or otherwise) should be granted on the basis of the
alleged oral understanding or agreement referred to above. Instead, much will
depend on whether the Defendant has demonstrated some other basis for
attacking the Settlement Agreement. That basis is said to be based on the
gaming/moneylending issues which arose in connection with the First Suit and
which the Defendant now seeks to rely on so as to impugn the enforceability of
the Settlement Agreement. I now turn to discuss this argument.

84 Taking the Defendant’s pleaded case at its highest, the defence raised in
the First Suit turned on the broad allegation that the Plaintiff had been
running an unlicensed junket operation at Marina Bay Sands and thereby came
within the ambit of the MLA and CLA. The debt/loan which the Plaintiff was
claiming in the First Suit was said to have “arisen” out these gaming
activities such that even if the Defendant owed the money, the claim was
unenforceable. The Plaintiff asserts that the money owed derived from a debt
which the Defendant owed to Foo and which had been paid by the Plaintiff on
behalf of the Defendant. The Plaintiff denies that there is any connection
between this and the alleged illicit junket operation. The positions taken by
the parties in the First Suit are sharply conflicting. If the Defendant had
succeeded at trial in showing that the monies were gambling debts arising in
the course of an illicit junket operation, relying on the case law discussed
earlier, this would have assisted the Defendant in trying to establish a
defence at law. This court is not holding that on the basis of what was
pleaded and asserted by the Defendant in the First Suit, the unlicensed
moneylending defence would have succeeded as a matter of law if the First Suit
had gone to trial. The key point is that at the time the First Suit was
settled, it was _far from clear_ as to whose version of events would be
established at trial. Even if the Plaintiff was involved in some form of
junket scheme, it was not clear as to what the connection was between the
Defendant, Foo and the junket operation. In short, the First Suit was settled
at a point when there was a serious dispute as to whether the claim related to
moneylending, junket operations and gaming losses. The fact that a claim for
summary judgment in the First Suit was unlikely to succeed does not mean that
the Plaintiff’s claim or version of the events was flawed or inherently
unbelievable. Indeed, the court is reminded that the Defendant did not in the
First Suit take out an application for striking out. The fact that the
Plaintiff agreed to settle the First Suit does not mean that the Plaintiff
thereby admitted all the allegations and points of defence which were raised
in the First Suit. It is also noted that the First Suit was for the sum of
$730,000. The Settlement Agreement reached was for the _full_ amount of the
claim. What the Defendant had secured was agreement that the claim would be
satisfied by means of a transfer of shares and two instalment payments of
cash.

85 To be clear, if the First Suit was indeed a claim for recovery of sums owed
by the Defendant in respect of gaming losses arising out of the junket
operation (meaning that if this was admitted by the Plaintiff or if the
evidence was clear beyond doubt), this court accepts that the Defendant may
well have enjoyed the defence that he had asserted. If in _these_
circumstances, the Plaintiff had entered into a Settlement Agreement, an
arguable case might have been made that the Settlement Agreement was not
“absolute” and that the same public policy objections to the First Suit
carried through and tainted the Second Suit. The point, however, is these are
not the circumstances in which the First Suit was settled. The Plaintiff has
never admitted that the claim was in respect of gaming losses and would no
doubt have disputed the applicability of the MLA and CLA if the case had gone
to trial.

86 The court reminds itself of the decision of the English Court of Appeal in
_Binder_ referred to earlier. It will be recalled that in that case, Lord
Denning MR found that the dispute as to whether the lender was a moneylender
had already formed the subject matter of a _bona fide_ compromise agreement.
It followed that the dispute could not be reopened unless the lender had taken
“unfair advantage” of the borrower. It also follows that there is huge
difference between a settlement reached when there is a genuine dispute as to
whether the lender is a moneylender and a case where the settlement agreement
accepts or is founded on established unlicensed moneylending. In the same
case, Phillimore LJ (at 159) commented:

It is said that this court ought to look behind the terms drawn up to
represent the agreement between the parties – an agreement freely negotiated
and signed by all concerned. [Counsel] says that there are matters which cast
an aroma of moneylending over the whole of these transactions … Speaking for
myself, I think it is entirely plain that this was a bona fide compromise and
that there is nothing in evidence here which could make this court say _with
any confidence_ that these were moneylending transactions, illegal
transactions … The terms of the agreement are not to be described as
colorable. The court ought to be very slow to look behind an agreement reached
in circumstances as these…” [emphasis in italics added]

87 In a similar vein, the remarks of Roskill LJ in _Binder_ at 160 are worth
repeating:

In my judgment it is the law of this country, as Lord Denning MR has said,
where there is a bona fide compromise of an existing dispute and that
compromise includes a compromise of what … is basically an issue of fact,
namely whether or not there had been unlawful moneylending, especially where
the compromise has been reached under the advice of counsel and solicitors,
that that compromise is enforceable against the party seeking to repudiate it.
Any other course would cause very great difficulty in the administration of
justice. One example will suffice: subject to the sanction of the Court, a
liquidator is entitled to compromise a dispute with debtors… What is he
supposed to do if he is met by the defence that the debt or supposed debt
arose from unlawful moneylending? Must he refuse to compromise? What is the
court to do? Must the court refuse to sanction a compromise because it can
always be reopened later … In such a case it seems to me clear that the court
should encourage and when appropriate enforce any bona fide compromise arrived
at, especially one arrived at under legal advice.

88 Returning briefly to the decision of Andrew Ang J in _Real Estate
Consortium_ , it will be recalled that the learned judge accepted that a
compromise agreement was not an absolute bar to reopening of issues. That
said, the Court rightly stressed that there was only _limited_ scope for the
court to determine whether the terms of the compromise were fair and
reasonable. Examples given were cases where the prior issues were tainted by
illegality, fraud, duress, undue influence or mistake. It follows that where
the suit that was settled/compromised was _clearly_ tainted by illegality, the
settlement agreement might itself be affected by the illegality. The position
is different, however, where there is a _genuine dispute_ as to whether there
is moneylending or gaming or some illegality that affects the original claim.
When there is a _genuine dispute_ as to whether an illegality defence might
have applied in the previous case, then, there may be a greater argument that
any settlement between the parties would be a truly _bona fide_ one because of
parties’ differing legal positions.

89 I pause now to take stock and emphasise the principles of law, and propose
a suitable framework to analyse them in. Drawing from the cases I have
discussed above, I find that these principles are helpful in deciding whether
or not a party should be allowed to impugn a settlement agreement:

(a) Where parties have agreed to resolve their dispute amicably by way of a
validly formed settlement agreement, the settlement agreement _alone_ governs
the parties' legal relationship in the absence of the above vitiating factors
(applying _Real Estate Consortium_);

(b) Because the settlement agreement _alone_ governs the parties’ legal
relationship, _prima facie_ , parties should not be allowed to rely on
anything outside of this legal relationship in attempting to impugn the
settlement agreement. This would mean any disputed legal issues (supposedly
settled) would have no, or at the most little, bearing on the legality or
formation of the settlement agreement.

(c) A settlement agreement is ultimately premised on the law of contract.
There is a _limited_ scope for the court to determine whether the terms of the
compromise are fair and reasonable in deciding whether the settlement
agreement should not be enforced. This limited scope includes grounds by which
normal contracts are usually challenged, such as because of duress, illegality
_etc_.

(d) Therefore, a party arguing to set aside or challenge the settlement
agreement must satisfy the court that such grounds exist, before the
settlement agreement will be set aside.

90 To address the issue raised in this case directly, whether or not the
Defendant can “rely” on the illegality defence raised in the First Suit, is
therefore somewhat of a misleading question. Because the Settlement Agreement
now purely governs the legal relationship between the parties, technically,
the Defendant is not allowed to “re-open” the issues raised in the First Suit.
However, since the facts leading to any alleged illegality would, in most
cases, be essentially the same set of facts leading to the legal issues raised
in the First Suit, the court must look at those set of facts (as alleged and
contested) to determine whether or not the Settlement Agreement is ultimately
tainted by illegality. The burden of proof, therefore, must still lie with the
party resisting the enforcement of a settlement agreement, in showing how the
settlement agreement was premised on circumstances which would afford him the
defence of illegality, such that the court will not enforce the settlement
agreement. In this way, there is no “white-washing” of any illegality as the
court must still look at what will be most of the time the same set of facts.

91 Applying these principles to the case at hand, given the Settlement
Agreement between the parties, it will _prima_ facie govern the legal
relationship between the parties. The question that lies before the court is
whether the Defendant has shown that the Settlement Agreement was premised on
illegal circumstances, or that the Plaintiff has taken an “unfair advantage”
such that the Settlement Agreement should not be enforced. As to the point of
illegality, all the Defendant has done is to rely on essentially the same
facts and arguments which were in issue and dispute and raised in the First
Suit, and nothing more. The conclusion that this court has come to is that
there was a real dispute as to whether the claim was essentially for gaming
debts and so caught by the MLA and CLA. These are the circumstances in which
the Settlement Agreement was entered into, and based on the arguments and the
evidence before me alone, I am not satisfied that the Defendant has shown that
the Settlement Agreement was tainted by illegality.

92 Since the Defendant has failed to show how the Settlement Agreement is
tainted by illegality, it remains for this court to investigate whether the
Plaintiff had in some way taken “unfair advantage” of the Defendant (applying
_Real Estate Consortium_). Factors which I have taken note of in reaching my
decision on this include the following:

(a) That the Defendant accepts that he had voluntarily entered into the
Settlement Agreement (see TVL-AF at [54] where the Defendant states that he
voluntarily signed the Settlement Agreement but adds that the agreement was
primarily premised on an illegal gaming debt).

(b) That the language and meaning of the wording of the Settlement Agreement
is clear.

(c) That the Defendant had the benefit of legal counsel. At the very least,
when the letters were exchanged by the parties solicitors on 5 February 2013
there can be no doubt that the Defendant had engaged counsel on the matter.

(d) That the Defendant had in a sense partly performed the Settlement
Agreement by transferring the Firstlink shares (albeit late).

(e) That the Plaintiff did perform his side of the agreement by discontinuing
the First Suit.

93 I also take into consideration the AR’s comments in granting the Defendant
conditional leave to defend, where he described the defence of unlicensed
moneylending as being “shadowy” in nature. If by this the AR was referring to
the First Suit, it must follow that the Plaintiff would have been entitled to
settle the First Suit on the terms as set out in the Settlement Agreement.
Indeed, it is noted that the AR went on to state that he granted conditional
leave because the evidence embodied in the acknowledgment note and cheque
image fell just short of what was required to rebut the assertion of
unlicensed moneylending. The AR may well be justified in taking this view.
Nevertheless, the point remains that there was at the very least a genuine
dispute in the First Suit as to whether there was unlicensed moneylending that
affected the Plaintiff’s claim. The “shadowy” nature of the defence in the
First Suit provides the context for what appears to be a legitimate settlement
agreement.

94 Given the points I have observed and the context behind the Settlement
Agreement, there is no basis for an argument that the Defendant has been
unfairly taken advantage of in coming to the Settlement Agreement. As in _Real
Estate Consortium_ , there is no evidence that the Plaintiff subjected the
Defendant to any form of economic duress and that, on the facts, it is clear
that the Defendant could have chosen to defend the First Suit by trying to
establish his allegations of gaming, junket operations and moneylending.
Whether he would have succeeded is speculative. What is not speculative is
that the Defendant entered into the Settlement Agreement knowing full well
what the written terms meant.

95 That being so, the Plaintiff is entitled to summary judgment since there is
no reason to conclude that the Settlement Agreement was tainted by illegality,
unfair or unconscionable.

Conclusion

96 For the sake of completeness, it is noted that in the Second Suit, the
Defendant by Summons No 4218 of 2013 applied to strike out the Plaintiff’s
claim for non-satisfaction of the Settlement Agreement. The AR heard the
striking out summons together with the application for summary judgment. The
application to strike out was dismissed and the Defendant was granted
conditional leave to defend. There was no appeal against the dismissal of the
striking out application. On the question of costs, the Plaintiff in the
written submissions sought an award of costs on a full indemnity basis. This
was because the Defendant had attempted to raise irrelevant considerations in
challenging the validity of the Settlement Agreement. These considerations
were said to be the issues on unlicensed moneylending as well as the attempt
to impugn the written agreement by means of the alleged oral understanding.
Whilst I have allowed the appeal, I do not agree that this is an appropriate
case for the award of indemnity costs and decline to exercise the discretion
to award costs on that basis.

97 It follows that the appeal is allowed. Summary judgment in the sum of
$330,000 is awarded to the Plaintiff together with interest and costs, to be
agreed on or taxed.

* * *

[note: 1]See Plaintiff’s (Appellant’s) skeletal submissions for RA 310 of 2013
dated 7 October 2013 at [46] (“PSK”).

[note: 2]See PSK at [47].

[note: 3]See Defendant’s (respondent) reply affidavit dated 24 July 2013
resisting Sum 3506 (“TVL-AF”) at [28].

[note: 4]See TVL-AF at [26] and [28].

[note: 5]See Statement of Claim dated 19 April 2013 (“SOC”) at [4].

[note: 6]See SOC at [6].

[note: 7]See TVL-AF at [30].

[note: 8]See TVL-AF at [4].

[note: 9]See TVL-AF at [9].

[note: 10]See PSK at [35] – [38].

[note: 11]See Plaintiff’s 1st Affidavit dated 10 July 2013 (“LYK-AF”) at
exhibit LYK-2.

[note: 12]See LYK-AF at [12].

[note: 13]See SOC at [6].

[note: 14]See PSK at [49(5)].

[note: 15]See LYK-AF at [15].

[note: 16]See TVL-AF at [22].

[note: 17]_Infra._

[note: 18]See TVL-AF at [23] and [24].

[note: 19]See TVL-AF at [25].

[note: 20]See TVL-AF at [27] and [28] and also PSK at [20].

[note: 21]See LYK-AF [27] to [34].

[note: 22]See LYK-AF at exhibit LYK-3, pp 37 – 41.

[note: 23]See TVL-AF at p 48.

[note: 24]See TVL-AF at [57].

[note: 25]See TVL-AF at [46].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

