Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd _v_ Nordic International Ltd and another  
[2014] SGCA 63

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 108 of 2014 and Summons No 4987 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andrew Ho Yew Cheng (instructed), Lim Pei Ling June
(instructed) and Soh Leong Kiat Anthony (One Legal LLC) for the appellant;
Joseph Tan Wee Kong and Joanna Poh (Legal Solutions LLC) for the second
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd — Nordic International Ltd and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2014] SGHC 132.]

6 January 2015|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This case concerned an interlocutory appeal against a decision of the High
Court that there be “no order” on a summary judgment application filed by the
appellant, Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd (“the Appellant”).

2 Previously, the statutory scheme under the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) was such that a party’s right of appeal from
the High Court to the Court of Appeal in respect of interlocutory applications
rested on the dichotomy between interlocutory and final orders. If an order
was final, then an appeal could be brought to the Court of Appeal as of right;
if the order was interlocutory in nature, then a party generally retained a
right of appeal to the Court of Appeal, subject to the requirement that an
application be brought within seven days for leave to present further
arguments to the High Court judge, and except where the old Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) expressly provided for particular orders
to be non-appealable or appealable only with leave (see _Dorsey James Michael
v World Sport Group Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 354 (“ _Dorsey_ ”) at [26]). In
_Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 525 at
[14], this court held that the test of whether a given order was interlocutory
or final was whether the order finally disposed of the rights of the parties.

3 The significance of the dichotomy between interlocutory and final orders
diminished somewhat with the introduction of fixed schedules governing the
right of appeal from specific types of orders pursuant to the Supreme Court of
Judicature (Amendment) Act 2010 (Act 30 of 2010) (“the 2010 Amendments”). The
2010 Amendments introduced into the SCJA the Fourth and Fifth Schedules, which
expressly provided for certain types of orders to be non-appealable or
appealable only with leave respectively. A “calibrated approach” was thereby
established to streamline and restrict appeals to the Court of Appeal, wherein
interlocutory applications were categorised based on their importance to the
substantive outcome of the case (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ ,
_Official Report_ (18 October 2010) vol 87 (“ _Parliamentary Debates_ ”) at
cols 1369–1370). The rationale behind such an approach was to ensure that in
general, a decision of a High Court judge in an interlocutory application is
not unnecessarily taken all the way to the Court of Appeal, leading to a waste
of judicial time (see _OpenNet Pte Ltd v Info-communications Development
Authority of Singapore_ [2013] 2 SLR 880 (“ _OpenNet_ ”) at [18]).

4 Despite the 2010 Amendments, issues in relation to a party’s right of appeal
on interlocutory matters have continued to arise in litigation. Recently, the
cases of _Nim Minimaart (suing as a firm) v Management Corporation Strata
Title Plan No 1079 and others_ [2014] 1 SLR 108 and _Citiwall Safety Glass Pte
Ltd v Mansource Interior Pte Ltd_ [2014] SGCA 61 dealt with the question of
whether leave was required to appeal to the Court of Appeal in different
contexts. In the present appeal, a preliminary issue arose as to whether the
Appellant had a right of appeal to this court from the High Court decision
below and, accordingly, whether this court had the jurisdiction under the SCJA
to hear the appeal.

5 At the end of the hearing, we concluded that we did not have jurisdiction to
hear the appeal, as the “no order” made by the High Court below was, on a
purposive interpretation, effectively one that was caught by the Fourth
Schedule of the SCJA. We now give the detailed grounds for our decision.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

6 The Appellant was a company incorporated in Hong Kong and was in the
business of, _inter alia_ , marine supply and logistics. The first respondent,
Nordic International Limited (“the 1st Respondent”), was a company
incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and in the business of converting
and equipping ships. The second respondent, Morten Innhaug (“the 2nd
Respondent”), was a Norwegian national habitually resident in Singapore.

7 The Appellant and the 2nd Respondent were shareholders of the 1st
Respondent, each holding 50% of the 1st Respondent’s shares pursuant to a
shareholders’ agreement dated 4 July 2007 (“the Agreement”). The Agreement
sets out the terms of the parties’ joint venture which involved the conversion
of a fishing trawler into a seismic survey vessel (“the Vessel”). The 1st
Respondent was the joint venture vehicle and the owner of the Vessel. The
Agreement was initially concluded between the 2nd Respondent and a Singapore
company called Sinwa Limited. On 28 August 2007, Sinwa Limited’s rights and
obligations under the Agreement were novated to the Appellant.

The Time Charter

8 On 8 June 2007, the 1st Respondent entered into a time charter (“the Time
Charter”) with a Singapore company known as BGP Geoexplorer Pte Ltd (“BGP”).
The Time Charter was for a three-year period at a daily rate of US$37,000.
Earlier in December 2006, BGP had entered into an agreement with TGS-NOPEC
Geophysical Company SA (“TGS”) for the provision of seismic acquisition
services (“the Seismic Agreement”).

9 According to the Appellant, on 23 August 2008, BGP, TGS, and a company known
as Nordic Maritime Pte Ltd (“NMPL”) entered into a memorandum of agreement
(“the MOA”) wherein it was agreed that BGP would transfer and assign to NMPL
its rights and obligations in the Time Charter as well as in the Seismic
Agreement. On 22 September 2008, a notice of assignment of the Time Charter
was signed between BGP and a company known as Nordic Geo Services Limited
(“NGS”). The Appellant claimed that NGS was a wholly-owned subsidiary of NMPL,
which in turn was owned and/or controlled by the 2nd Respondent. The
Appellant’s position was that the assignment of the Time Charter was null and
void as it had been done without any prior notice or consent from the
directors of the 1st Respondent appointed by the Appellant. Alternatively, the
Appellant maintained that regardless of the validity of the assignment, BGP
remained responsible to the 1st Respondent for due performance of the Time
Charter under its terms.

10 On 7 April 2009, the Appellant, on behalf of the 1st Respondent, instructed
its solicitors to send a letter of demand to BGP for the outstanding charter
hire fees due to the 1st Respondent. BGP’s solicitors responded on 22 April
2009 maintaining that its rights and obligations under the Time Charter had
already been transferred and assigned to NMPL and consequently it owed no
obligations to the 1st Respondent under the Time Charter.

Arbitration proceedings against BGP and other related proceedings

11 Subsequently, on 18 November 2009, the Appellant, on behalf of the 1st
Respondent, commenced arbitration proceedings against BGP for the recovery of
the outstanding charter hire fees due under the Time Charter (“the BGP
Arbitration”). The 2nd Respondent opposed the BGP Arbitration proceedings, and
on 7 January 2010, applied to the High Court _vide_ Originating Summons No 22
of 2010 (“OS 22/2010”) to effectively restrain the BGP Arbitration. In OS
22/2010, the 2nd Respondent sought a number of reliefs including a declaration
that on a proper interpretation of the Agreement, the directors of the 1st
Respondent appointed by the 2nd Respondent had the sole discretion to grant
consent on behalf of the 1st Respondent to assign the Time Charter from BGP to
NGS, as well as to decide whether or not to commence arbitration against BGP
in respect of any purported breaches of the Time Charter.

12 OS 22/2010 was dismissed by Lai Siu Chiu J. In her judgment issued on 24
January 2011, Lai J held that under the Agreement, the parties were obliged to
come to a unanimous decision on the issue of the assignment of the Time
Charter as well as the appointment of lawyers to pursue the 1st Respondent’s
claim against BGP (see _Morten Innhaug v Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd and others_
[2011] SGHC 20 at [44]). If the parties could not agree, they were obliged to
proceed to arbitration as provided for in the Agreement.

13 On 1 August 2011, BGP applied to the High Court _vide_ Originating Summons
No 650 of 2011 (“OS 650/2011”) for an order that the appointed arbitrator in
the BGP Arbitration did not have jurisdiction as the Appellant did not have
the requisite authority to commence the arbitration proceedings on behalf of
the 1st Respondent. On 2 August 2012, the High Court decided OS 650/2011 in
favour of BGP, holding that the appointed arbitrator did not have jurisdiction
over the BGP Arbitration. Consequently, the BGP Arbitration was discontinued.

14 Meanwhile, on 24 October 2011, a board meeting of the 1st Respondent was
convened to discuss possible proceedings against BGP. No resolutions were
passed at the meeting, which ended in a deadlock. As such, on 9 January 2012,
the 2nd Respondent commenced arbitration proceedings against the Appellant (in
accordance with the Singapore International Arbitration Centre Rules) (“the
SIAC Arbitration”), seeking to resolve this deadlock as provided for under the
terms of the Agreement. Directions were given for the SIAC Arbitration to
proceed in two stages: Stage 1 was to determine whether there was a deadlock
within the meaning of the Agreement, and if so, Stage 2 was to determine the
price at which the 2nd Respondent was to buy out the Appellant’s share in the
1st Respondent.

15 On 1 October 2013, a partial award was made in the SIAC Arbitration (“the
Partial Award”). The arbitrator found that a deadlock had arisen, and that the
Appellant was to sell its shares to the 2nd Respondent at a price to be
assessed (in Stage 2 of the SIAC Arbitration). We noted that there was no
suggestion before us that the Partial Award was improperly made or that it
should be set aside.

OS 960/2009 and Suit 875/2010

16 Apart from the proceedings concerning BGP, we noted that there were also
ongoing proceedings in the High Court between the 1st Respondent and the 2nd
Respondent relating to an alleged breach of director’s duties. On 25 August
2009, the Appellant applied to the High Court _vide_ Originating Summons No
960 of 2009 (“OS 960/2009”) for leave to bring an action on behalf of the 1st
Respondent against the 2nd Respondent for breaches of director’s duties
relating to the assignment of the Time Charter from BGP to NGS. Leave was
initially denied (see _Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd v Morten Innhaug_ [2010] 4 SLR 1)
but was granted on appeal.

17 Thereafter, in November 2010, the Appellant commenced Suit No 875 of 2010
(“Suit 875/2010”) on behalf of the 1st Respondent against the 2nd Respondent,
seeking _inter alia_ a declaration that the 2nd Respondent had breached his
director’s duties to the 1st Respondent by procuring the assignment of the
Time Charter from BGP to a company owned and controlled by him (_ie_ , NGS).
Suit 875/2010 is still pending in the High Court.

The lead up to the present appeal

18 On 21 November 2013, the Appellant through its solicitors sent the 2nd
Respondent a notice of intention to apply for leave of court to commence
arbitration proceedings against BGP. In that notice, the Appellant requested
that the 2nd Respondent consent and/or cause a Board of Directors’ resolution
to be passed for arbitration proceedings to be commenced by the 1st Respondent
against BGP, failing which the Appellant would seek the court’s leave to
commence the arbitration proceedings.

19 As the Appellant did not receive a favourable response from the 2nd
Respondent, it commenced Suit No 1166 of 2013 (“Suit 1166/2013”) against the
1st Respondent, the 2nd Respondent, and BGP on 20 December 2013, seeking,
_inter alia_ , an order that the Appellant be at liberty to commence
arbitration proceedings and/or any other proceedings on behalf of the 1st
Respondent against BGP for breaches of the Time Charter. On 26 March 2014, the
Appellant filed Summons No 1544 of 2014 (“SUM 1544/2014”) for summary judgment
to be entered in its favour against the 1st Respondent and the 2nd Respondent.
(It should be noted that on 16 April 2014, BGP ceased to be a party to Suit
1166/2013 upon its application in Summons No 697 of 2014.) SUM 1544/2014 was
the application from which the present appeal arose.

The decision below

20 SUM 1544/2014 was heard before a High Court judge (“the Judge”) on 11 June
2014. Having heard the parties, the Judge made no order as to SUM 1544/2014,
without prejudice to a fresh application being made by the Appellant.

21 In his grounds of decision issued on 9 July 2014 (see _Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd
v Nordic International Ltd and others_ [2014] SGHC 132 (“the GD”)), the Judge
explained that his decision was based on the fact that the Partial Award had
already been made in the SIAC Arbitration and the Appellant was soon to sell
its stake in the 1st Respondent. At [10] of the GD, the Judge stated that
“[b]arring a breakdown in the ongoing arbitration proceedings between [the
Appellant] and [the 2nd Respondent], [the Appellant] would soon likely have
neither any legal interest nor standing to pursue proceedings against [BGP] on
behalf of [the 1st Respondent]”. The Judge noted that Stage 2 of the SIAC
Arbitration was already somewhat underway, as the valuation process for the
Appellant’s share in the 1st Respondent was to be completed by 31 July 2014.
Notwithstanding this, the Judge gave the Appellant liberty to apply should it
later have better evidence and arguments than those it produced before him.

22 Dissatisfied, the Appellant filed an appeal to this court against the part
of the Judge’s decision that there be no order as to the Appellant’s
application _vide_ SUM 1544/2014. The Appellant also made an application
_vide_ Summons No 4987 of 2014 (“SUM 4987/2014”) for leave to adduce further
evidence in this appeal. As the 2nd Respondent had consented to the further
evidence being adduced, we granted an order in terms for SUM 4987/2014.

Issues before this court

23 This appeal raised two main issues of law, namely:

(a) Can a court hearing an application for summary judgment make “no order” on
the application?

(b) If so, does a party have the right to appeal to the Court of Appeal
against such an order?

24 The first issue arose out of the Appellant’s submission that under the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”), the “no order”
made by the Judge was not an order that could be made at the hearing of a
summary judgment application. The Appellant submitted that pursuant to O 14 r
3 of the Rules of Court, the court may either grant summary judgment to the
plaintiff, grant the defendant unconditional or conditional leave to defend
the action, or dismiss the application; no other orders could be made by the
court in a summary judgment application.

25 As for the second issue, it was specifically raised by this court for the
parties’ consideration as it concerned the court’s jurisdiction to entertain
such an appeal. The Appellant submitted that since the Judge’s order of “no
order” did not explicitly fall within the Fourth and Fifth Schedules of the
SCJA, it was therefore appealable as of right pursuant to s 29A(1) of the
SCJA. Although counsel for the 2nd Respondent did not seem to contest this
assertion, we had our doubts as to whether it was correct and therefore
invited the parties to address us during the hearing on whether the Judge’s
order of “no order” should be treated as equivalent to an order giving leave
to defend and therefore falling within the Fourth Schedule of the SCJA.

Our decision

Whether a court hearing a summary judgment application can make “no order” on
the application

26 At the outset, it is useful to reiterate that a purposive approach to
statutory interpretation is to be adopted in Singapore. This is mandated by s
9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), which provides that “an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object”. It is well-established in our case law that this purposive
approach is paramount and must take precedence over any other common law
principles of statutory interpretation (_Dorsey_ (cited at [2] above) at
[18]). It is also clear that under the purposive approach mandated by s 9A(1)
of the Interpretation Act, reference may be made to extrinsic materials such
as parliamentary debates even if the words of the statutory provision are
unambiguous or do not produce unreasonable or absurd results (_Dorsey_ at
[19]).

27 In the present case, we were of the view that, contrary to the Appellant’s
submissions, it was indeed possible for a court hearing a summary judgment
application to make “no order” on the application. Order 14 r 3 of the Rules
of Court, which reads as follows, does not purport to lay down an exhaustive
list of the possible outcomes of a summary judgment application:

**Judgment for plaintiff (O. 14, r. 3)**

**3.—(1**) Unless on the hearing of an application under Rule 1 either the
Court dismisses the application or the defendant satisfies the Court with
respect to the claim, or part of a claim, to which the application relates
that there is an issue or question in dispute which ought to be tried or that
there ought for some other reason to be a trial of that claim or part, the
Court may give such judgment for the plaintiff against that defendant on that
claim or part as may be just having regard to the nature of the remedy or
relief claimed.

(2) The Court may by order, and subject to such conditions, if any, as may be
just, stay execution of any judgment given against a defendant under this Rule
until after the trial of any counterclaim made or raised by the defendant in
the action.

28 In particular, O 14 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court only stipulates that the
court “ _may_ ” give summary judgment for the plaintiff unless either the
court dismisses the application or the defendant satisfies the court that
there is a triable issue. It does not dictate that the possible outcomes of a
summary judgment application are necessarily ternary in nature (_ie_ , (a) the
plaintiff obtains summary judgment; (b) the defendant obtains unconditional or
conditional leave to defend; or (c) the application is dismissed). Neither
does it preclude the court hearing a summary judgment application from making
no order on the application.

29 Indeed, the courts have found it appropriate to make “no order” pursuant to
summary judgment applications on several occasions, although such occasions
are admittedly not common. In _Woh Hup (Pte) Ltd and another v Turner (East
Asia) Pte Ltd_ [1985–1986] SLR(R) 503, the plaintiffs had applied for summary
judgment against the defendant, whereas the defendant opposed the summary
judgment application and sought a stay of proceedings on the ground that the
parties had agreed to refer the dispute to arbitration. The applications were
heard by a Senior Assistant Registrar, who granted a conditional stay of
proceedings and therefore made no order on the summary judgment application.
On appeal to the High Court, the Registrar’s orders were set aside, but not on
the basis that “no order” was not a permissible order to make in respect of a
summary judgment application. A number of other cases have concerned similar
facts where a stay of proceedings pending arbitration was granted and “no
order” was made on a party’s summary judgment application (see _Brightside
Mechanical & Electrical Services Group Ltd and another v Hyundai Engineering &
Construction Co Ltd_ [1988] 1 SLR(R) 1, _Aurum Building Services (Pte) Ltd v
Greatearth Construction Pte Ltd_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 805, and _Coop International
Pte Ltd v Ebel SA_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 615). Yet another example would be the
decision in _Shunmugam Jayakumar and others v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin and
others_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 658 where the plaintiffs had applied to the court for
summary judgment and alternatively, for judgment on admission of facts under O
27 r 3 of the Rules of the Supreme Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1990 Ed). The Senior
Assistant Registrar who heard the application granted interlocutory judgment
under O 27 r 3 and consequently made no order on the summary judgment
application.

30 In the present case, the Judge was entitled to make “no order” as regards
the Appellant’s summary judgment application. Without delving into the merits
of the appeal, it seemed to us that the decision by the Judge to make “no
order” with liberty to apply was eminently sensible and fair in the
circumstances. Given that the Appellant was to sell its shares in the 1st
Respondent to the 2nd Respondent at a price to be assessed pursuant to the
Partial Award issued in the SIAC Arbitration, and there was no suggestion that
the Partial Award could be impugned, the Judge’s decision to make “no order”
on the Appellant’s summary judgment application was understandable. “No order”
was made by the Judge not on account of his finding that the application
lacked merits but rather because the Partial Award had a material bearing on
the Appellant’s capacity to commence the arbitration against BGP on behalf of
the 1st Respondent. In fact, by making “no order” without prejudice to a fresh
application and giving the Appellant liberty to apply, the Judge did not
foreclose the Appellant’s rights. The significance and utility of this liberty
granted by the Judge will become apparent in light of the proposal made by
counsel for the 2nd Respondent at the close of the hearing before us. This is
explained in the concluding remarks below.

Whether a party has the right to appeal to the Court of Appeal against an
order of “no order” made in respect of a summary judgment application

31 Having answered the first question in the affirmative, we now turn to the
second question of whether a party has the right to appeal to the Court of
Appeal against an order of “no order” made in respect of a summary judgment
application. As stated above, this was an important question as it concerned
the jurisdiction of this court to hear the appeal.

32 In the first place, it is important to have regard to the provisions of the
SCJA. It is an oft-cited principle that as the Court of Appeal is a creature
of statute, it is only seised of the jurisdiction conferred upon it by the
statute which creates it (_Blenwel Agencies Pte Ltd v Tan Lee King_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 529 at [23]). The starting point for the civil jurisdiction of this
court is s 29A(1) of the SCJA, which provides that the Court of Appeal has
jurisdiction over “appeals from any judgment or order of the High Court in any
civil cause or matter”, “subject nevertheless to the provisions of [the SCJA]
or any other written law regulating the terms and conditions upon which such
appeals may be brought”. As was observed in _Dorsey_ at [11], the effect of s
29A(1) of the SCJA is that any judgment or order of the High Court is
ordinarily appealable as of right, subject to any contrary provisions in the
SCJA or any other written law. In this regard, reference may be made to s
34(1) of the SCJA which sets out the matters that are non-appealable to the
Court of Appeal, as well as s 34(2) of the SCJA which sets out matters which
are appealable only with leave. For present purposes, we need only be
concerned with s 34(1)(_a_) and s 34(2)(_d_) of the SCJA, which make reference
to the Fourth and Fifth Schedules respectively.

33 The Fifth Schedule of the SCJA lists the orders made by a judge that are
appealable to the Court of Appeal only with leave. Paragraph (_e_)(i) of the
Fifth Schedule of the SCJA excludes orders made at an application for summary
judgment and reads as follows:

ORDERS MADE BY JUDGE THAT ARE APPEALABLE ONLY WITH LEAVE

Except with leave of a Judge, no appeal shall be brought to the Court of
Appeal in any of the following cases:

…

(_e_)where a Judge makes an order at the hearing of any interlocutory
application other than an application for any of the following matters:

(i) for summary judgment;

…

34 As for the Fourth Schedule of the SCJA, paras (_a_) and (_b_) provide that
orders giving unconditional or conditional leave to defend any proceedings are
non-appealable as follows:

ORDERS MADE BY JUDGE THAT ARE NON-APPEALABLE

No appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following
cases:

(_a_)where a Judge makes an order giving unconditional leave to defend any
proceedings;

(_b_)where a Judge makes an order giving leave to defend any proceedings on
condition that the party defending those proceedings pays into court or gives
security for the sum claimed, except if the appellant is that party;

…

35 The net effect of these provisions as regards an application for summary
judgment was succinctly summarised by this court in _OpenNet_ at [19] as
follows:

… Paragraph (_e_) of the Fifth Schedule of the SCJA is a catch-all provision
imposing a blanket requirement for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal for
any “interlocutory application”, and para (_e_)(i) specifically lists an order
made at the hearing of an application for summary judgment to be exempted from
this blanket requirement for leave. Where an application for summary judgment
is refused and leave to defend the proceedings has been given, s 34(1)(_a_)
and paras (_a_) and (_b_) of the Fourth Schedule of the SCJA provide that no
appeal to the Court of Appeal shall be allowed. The net result of these
provisions is that where summary judgment has been ordered, which has the
effect of finally disposing the substantive rights of the parties, leave to
appeal to the Court of Appeal is not required. On the other hand, where leave
to defend is granted in an application for summary judgment, and as such the
order does not finally dispose of the substantive rights of the parties, no
appeal may be made against that order. _The effect of such an order is that
the rights of neither party are affected as the matter will just go for trial,
where both parties will have ample opportunity to canvas their respective
positions. No appeal is allowed because it would serve no useful purpose in
prolonging such interim litigation._ [emphasis added]

36 The position as regards a party’s right of appeal from a “no order” made in
respect of a summary judgment application is one which is not specifically
provided for either in the Fourth Schedule or the Fifth Schedule of the SCJA.
Thus, on a plain reading, it may appear to be arguable, as the Appellant
believed, that if the High Court makes “no order” on a summary judgment
application, such an order is appealable as of right under s 29A(1) of the
SCJA.

37 However, having regard to the statutory context as well as the legislative
intent underlying the SCJA, we were of the view that para (_a_) of the Fourth
Schedule should be read in a purposive manner so as to encompass an order of
“no order” made in respect of a summary judgment application. The legislative
intention behind the 2010 Amendments and the Fourth and Fifth Schedules of the
SCJA was to streamline and restrict appeals to the Court of Appeal on
interlocutory matters. As the Senior Minister of State for Law, Associate
Professor Ho Peng Kee (“the Minister”) stated at the Second Reading of the
Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Bill 2010 (Bill No 25/2010) (“SCJA
Amendment Bill”) (see _Parliamentary Debates_ at col 1369):

Given that interlocutory applications involve procedural points that usually
do not affect the substantive rights of the parties and are not likely to
involve novel points of law, it is an unproductive use of resources for all
such applications to go up to the Court of Appeal, especially when the High
Court already serves as one level of appeal against the Registrar who first
hears the application.

38 In light of the above policy, it must have been intended that no appeal
should be allowed from an order of “no order” made in respect of a summary
judgment application, which is in substance similar to an order giving leave
to defend. As in the situation where leave to defend is granted, an order of
“no order” means that the court has declined to grant the application. It
therefore does not finally dispose of or affect the substantive rights of the
parties as the matter will still proceed to trial. In _Tohru Motobayashi v
Official Receiver and another_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 435 (“ _Tohru Motobayashi_ ”)
at [15], this court stated that the effect of an order of “no order” made by
the Judicial Commissioner below was that he had declined to grant the
declaration sought; in other words, he had essentially disallowed the
application. In this vein, we also note with approval the following passage
from the High Court decision of _Ho Kian Cheong v Ho Kian Guan and others_
[2004] SGHC 104 at [7]:

As for the second scenario of an order of “no order”, the applicant has also
not succeeded in his application. In such a scenario, the Court has considered
the matter and decided against granting the order. The difference between this
and that of an order to dismiss turns only on the cost implications. Where an
order of “no order” is made, costs need not normally be ordered against the
applicant. The Court can thus use the order of “no order” to tailor its order
to suit the justice of the case such as where, for whatever reason, the
applicant does not deserve to succeed in his application, but the
circumstances do not justify him being penalised in costs. …

39 It would indeed be incongruous if a party such as the Appellant was allowed
to appeal as of right against an order of “no order” made in respect of a
summary judgment application, whereas no right of appeal at all would lie from
an order giving unconditional or conditional leave to defend when the effect
is essentially the same. Had the Judge below dismissed the Appellant’s summary
judgment application and granted the 2nd Respondent leave to defend the
action, this would have been non-appealable under the Fourth Schedule of the
SCJA. There was no reason why the Appellant should be in a better position
than if its summary judgment application had been dismissed outright by the
Judge, given that it had similarly failed in its application.

40 At this juncture, we would make two final observations. First, there was no
merit in the Appellant’s argument raised during the hearing before us that its
summary judgment application had not been heard in the first instance before
an Assistant Registrar and it had therefore lost its right of appeal to the
High Court. To understand this objection, it is useful to refer to the
following statement by the Minister at the Second Reading of the SCJA
Amendment Bill (see _Parliamentary Debates_ at col 1369):

… Between the time when a party files a civil case in court and when the case
is heard, lawyers may file what are known as “interlocutory applications” in
court. These applications deal with procedural matters that prepare the case
for the hearing; for example, requesting the court to order the other party to
furnish information or documents that are relevant to the hearing. Currently,
for a case heard in the High Court, these interlocutory applications are
usually heard by a High Court Registrar. A party can appeal to the High Court
against the Registrar’s decision. The High Court Judge would then re-hear the
application afresh. Orders made by the High Court, in most instances, can be
further appealed to the Court of Appeal. Hence, interlocutory applications may
go through three tiers of hearing, effectively becoming a two-tier appeal
system. This is more than what the substantive action in the civil suit will
enjoy, that is, only one tier of appeal as of right.

The Appellant’s point seemed to be that since a party was _normally_ entitled
to one tier of appeal from a High Court Registrar to a High Court Judge in
respect of interlocutory applications, it should be entitled to appeal to the
Court of Appeal in the present case since its summary judgment application had
only been heard once by the Judge below. However, as we pointed out during the
hearing, the suggestion that the right to appeal to the High Court against a
Registrar’s decision could be exchanged for a right to appeal to the Court of
Appeal was without legal basis. While it is true that a party can appeal to
the High Court against the decision of a Registrar who usually hears the
interlocutory application in the first instance, this is not an immutable
rule. There is certainly no rule of law that a party should always be entitled
to one tier of appeal as of right for interlocutory applications. Moreover,
neither the Appellant nor the 2nd Respondent had recorded any objection to the
Appellant’s summary judgment application being heard at first instance before
the Judge in chambers. It therefore did not lie in the Appellant’s mouth to
now protest that it had lost one tier of appeal as a result.

41 Second, we respectfully disagree with the Judge’s statement that there was
no order from which the Appellant could appeal (at [10] of the GD). The
Judge’s decision to make no order on the Appellant’s application for summary
judgment itself constituted an “order” from which the Appellant could appeal.
In the same way that an order of “no order” had legal effect from the date it
was made, it must equally be capable of being the subject matter of an appeal
provided that the right of appeal is available. This point was dealt with in
_Tohru Motobayashi_ at [15] where this court held that the effect of “no
order” made by the Judicial Commissioner below was that he had disallowed the
application and there was no reason why an appeal did not lie from this part
of the order. There is no right of appeal from the Judge’s decision in making
“no order” in respect of the Appellant’s summary judgment application, not
because there is no order from which to appeal, but because such an order, on
a purposive interpretation, is caught by s 34(1)(_a_) and para (_a_) of the
Fourth Schedule to the SCJA, which provides that certain orders made are non-
appealable to the Court of Appeal.

Conclusion

42 For the reasons above, we concluded that we had no jurisdiction to
entertain the appeal and accordingly dismissed it. Nevertheless, we made a
note that during the hearing before us, counsel for the 2nd Respondent
confirmed that his client, the 2nd Respondent, would be agreeable to the
Appellant pursuing the claim against BGP under the Time Charter in the name of
the 1st Respondent so long as the costs of pursuing that claim were borne by
the Appellant, subject to its right to be indemnified for those costs out of
any sums it successfully recovers for the first respondent from BGP, and
subject further to this agreement not in any way affecting or prejudicing the
deadlock that has already been found to exist by the arbitrator in the SIAC
Arbitration. We noted this so that the Appellant may, if it wishes, go back
before the Judge to get a consent order in those terms. We should add that
this liberty to return to the Judge to obtain such a consent order was
precisely the effect of the Judge’s order below, which was that there would be
“no order” on the Appellant’s summary judgment application with liberty to
apply.

43 As for costs, we fixed the costs at $20,000 inclusive of disbursements to
be paid by the Appellant to the 2nd Respondent, with the usual consequential
orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

