Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Meng Suang and another _v_ Attorney-General and another appeal and
another matter  
[2014] SGCA 53

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 54 and 125 of 2013 and Summons No 3664 of
2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 October 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Belinda Ang Saw Ean J; Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Deborah Barker SC, Ushan Premaratne and Ng Junyi
(KhattarWong LLP) for the appellants in Civil Appeal No 54 of 2013; M Ravi (L
F Violet Netto) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 125 of 2013; Aedit
Abdullah SC, Seow Zhixiang, Neo Xiulin Sherlyn, Teo Siqi and Jurena Chan Pei
Shan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent in Civil Appeals Nos 54
and 125 of 2013.  
Parties| :|  Lim Meng Suang and another — Attorney-General  
  
28 October 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

Overview

1 There are very few legal provisions in the Singapore legal landscape which,
although simply stated (and intuitively attractive), are very difficult to
apply in practice. Article 12 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the Singapore Constitution”) is one of these
rare exceptions. In particular, Article 12(1) of the Singapore Constitution
(“Art 12(1)”), which is one of the provisions in issue in the present appeals
(_viz_ , Civil Appeal No 54 of 2013 (“CA 54/2013”) and Civil Appeal No 125 of
2013 (“CA 125/2013”)), is deceptively simple in its economy of language:

**Equal protection**

**12.** —(1) All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal
protection of the law.

…

2 The issue before this court in the present appeals can be stated very
simply: is s 377A of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the current Penal
Code”) inconsistent with Art 9 and/or Art 12 of the Singapore Constitution
(referred to hereafter as “Art 9” and “Art 12”, respectively), and hence,
unconstitutional to the extent of such inconsistency? In this regard, Art 9(1)
of the Singapore Constitution (“Art 9(1)”), which is the specific provision in
Art 9 that the appellants in CA 54/2013 and the appellant in CA 125/2013
(collectively, “the Appellants”) are relying on, provides as follows:

**Liberty of the person**

**9.** —(1) No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty save
in accordance with law.

…

Art 4 of the Singapore Constitution (“Art 4”), which is set out below, should
also be noted:

**Supremacy of Constitution**

**4**. This Constitution is the supreme law of the Republic of Singapore and
any law enacted by the Legislature after the commencement of this Constitution
which is inconsistent with this Constitution shall, to the extent of the
inconsistency, be void.

3 Section 377A of the current Penal Code, the provision which is the subject
of the Appellants’ constitutional challenge, reads as follows:

**Outrages on decency**

**377A**. Any male person who, in public or private, commits, or abets the
commission of, or procures or attempts to procure the commission by any male
person of, any act of gross indecency with another male person, shall be
punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 2 years.

In this judgment, we shall be referring to s 377A of not only the current
Penal Code, but also earlier editions of that statute. As there are no
substantial differences between the various versions of s 377A, we shall use
the generic term “s 377A” to denote the version of s 377A in force at the
particular point in time being discussed.

4 We also note that there is a presumption of constitutionality inasmuch as a
court will not lightly find a statute or any provision(s) thereof (referred to
hereafter as a “statute” for short) unconstitutional (see, for example, the
decision of this court in _Public Prosecutor v Taw Cheng Kong_ [1998] 2 SLR(R)
489 (“ _Taw Cheng Kong (CA)_ ”) at [60]). This is only logical as well as
commonsensical as our legislature is presumed not to enact legislation which
is inconsistent with the Singapore Constitution. However, an issue arises in
these appeals as to whether or not this presumption applies to _colonial_
legislation as well, given that s 377A was first introduced into our Penal
Code in 1938, when Singapore was still a British colony.

5 Whilst the central issue in the present appeals (as set out above at [2])
can be stated simply, it is intensely controversial, and has elicited
diametrically opposed (as well as, on occasion at least, intense and even
emotional) responses in the extra-legal sphere, especially where Art 12 is
concerned. A great many arguments have been mounted by proponents on each side
of the divide. It is no exaggeration to say that this court found itself in
the midst of a cacophony of voices. Be that as it may, only one voice – and
one voice alone – is relevant in so far as the present appeals are concerned:
it is the voice of the law, which represents the voice of objectivity. All
other voices are irrelevant; indeed, they generate unnecessary heat (and
distraction) rather than needful (and illuminating) light.

Important general points

Only legal arguments are relevant

6 Before we set out the background facts and procedural history of the present
appeals, it is necessary for us to first highlight a few important general
points. The first is that many of the difficulties encountered in the context
of Art 9 and Art 12 relate to the fact that the court is often involved in a
delicate balancing process. More importantly, it often faces a paradox which
it must nevertheless negotiate. On the one hand, it must disregard extra-legal
considerations that are uniquely within the purview of the legislature (here,
the Singapore Parliament). This was in fact a central motif in the justly
famous theory of adjudication proffered by the late Prof Ronald Dworkin (in an
entire series of works, commencing with his seminal book, _Taking Rights
Seriously_ (Harvard University Press, 1978) (especially at ch 4)). Yet, where
the constitutionality of a statute is challenged under Art 9 and/or Art 12,
the court must have regard to extra-legal considerations _in so far as they
impact the application of_ Art 9 and Art 12 themselves. The vexing difficulty
– particularly in the context of the present appeals – is to discern where the
line is to be drawn, bearing in mind that where the court does indeed have
regard to extra-legal considerations, this must (in the nature of things) be
by way of _a very limited brief premised only on_ what is _absolutely
necessary_ to enable the court to _apply_ the relevant _legal_ principles
_relating to Art 9 and Art 12_.

7 Drawing such _a line in the legal sand_ is imperative. If this is not done,
the court will necessarily be sucked into and thereby descend into the
_political_ arena, which would in turn undermine (or even destroy) the very
role which constitutes the _raison d’être_ for the court’s existence in the
first place – namely, to furnish an _independent, neutral and_ _objective_
forum for deciding, on the basis of objective legal rules and principles,
(_inter alia_) what rights parties have in a given situation. That the court’s
role as a neutral arbiter is utterly vital is underscored in a situation where
(as is the case here) the arguments on either side of what is in substance a
_legislative_ divide are intensely controversial and the relevant empirical
evidence is ambiguous at best. All that the court can – and must – be
concerned with in these circumstances is whether any _fundamental rights_
under _the Singapore Constitution_ (such as those pursuant to Art 9 and Art
12) have indeed been violated.

8 In determining the constitutionality of a statute which is alleged to be
inconsistent with Art 12 (or, for that matter, any other Article of the
Singapore Constitution), the court’s main concern is to be careful not to
trespass into extra-legal territory which legitimately belongs only to the
legislature. Looked at in this light, the many extra-legal arguments on the
constitutionality of s 377A are _irrelevant_ to the court’s application of Art
12. We hasten to add that this does _not_ mean that these arguments are
_wholly_ irrelevant in _all_ contexts. They are appropriate to a _legislative_
debate, but that is wholly beyond the remit of the court. The proponents of
these arguments fail to see this because they overlook the vital distinction
referred to above (at [6]) between legal principles and extra-legal
considerations. Hence, they proffer various extra-legal arguments as though
those arguments are central to the court’s task, when they serve only to muddy
an already difficult legal path which the court is attempting its level best
to negotiate. This is unfortunate, to say the least. Indeed, the difficulties
are exacerbated by the fact that some of the extra-legal arguments might also
have an overlay of emotional and/or other overtones, and, on this ground
alone, are more suited (if at all) to a _legislative_ (or even
_philosophical_) – but _not_ a _legal_ – debate.

What is legally relevant (and irrelevant) in the context of the present
appeals

9 It follows, _a fortiori_ , from the observations in the preceding paragraph
that in deciding the present appeals, this court cannot – and must not – be
drawn into the sphere of even broader (and, arguably, even more speculative)
debate, in particular, on the possible legal as well as extra-legal
_consequences_ flowing from its decision on the constitutionality of s 377A.
Indeed, counsel for the appellants in CA 54/2013, Ms Deborah Barker SC (“Ms
Barker”), was at pains to point out right at the outset of her clients’
written case (as well as in her oral submissions before this court) that her
clients’ appeal is _not_ about _other_ _legal_ rights (such as the right to
same-sex marriage). There is, in fact, _no necessary connection_ between any
court decision on the constitutionality of s 377A and any _positive_ rights,
the grant (or otherwise) of which is clearly a matter for _the legislature –
and the legislature alone_. The line referred to above between what is
legitimately within the purview of the court and what is legitimately within
the purview of the legislature applies, as noted at the outset of the present
paragraph, in an _a fortiori_ manner in the present appeals.

10 It follows that in the present appeals, this court will take into account
_only_ those arguments which are _legally_ relevant to the application of Art
9 and Art 12. All other arguments – interesting though they might be – ought
to be canvassed in the _appropriate_ fora (whether of a legislative, academic
or some other public (but non-judicial) nature).

11 It is also important to emphasise that it follows that nothing in this
judgment impacts the freedom of a person or group of persons to _freely_
espouse as well as practise his/its values _within the boundaries of the law_
(such as, in the religious context, within the boundaries laid down by Art 15
of the Singapore Constitution and the Maintenance of Religious Harmony Act
(Cap 167A, 2001 Rev Ed)). This is consistent with the multi-racial, multi-
cultural, multi-lingual as well as multi-religious nature of Singapore
society. This is not mere political rhetoric, but a real and practical
framework that furnishes real and practical freedom for each group and each
individual to practise its/his values – _provided (it is important to
reiterate) this is done within the parameters and boundaries laid down by the
existing law of the land._ This freedom _cannot_ , however, extend to an
insistence by a particular group or individual that its/his values be
_imposed_ on _other_ groups or other individuals.

12 Given our approach of focusing only on the relevant _legal_ arguments in
the present appeals, might it be argued that this court is conducting itself
like an ostrich whose head is buried in the sand inasmuch as it might be
ignoring the need to achieve a _substantively fair_ result in the two cases at
hand? This is, at first blush, a rather powerful argument. However, there
seems to us no reason why a _substantively fair_ result cannot be arrived at
by focusing only on the relevant _legal_ arguments. Indeed (and on the
_contrary_), _were_ this court to _also_ consider _extra_ -legal arguments
that are _within the purview of the Singapore Parliament_ , would _that_ not
be _contrary_ to _fairness_ in both a procedural _as well as_ a substantive
sense? It should also be noted that _if it is thought that a substantively
fair result can only be achieved by a consideration of extra-legal arguments
as well, then the Singapore Parliament can always remedy the situation in the
appropriate fashion. However, it would then be doing so in a legitimate
manner. It bears repeating that this court cannot seek to achieve the same
result as it does not have the legitimate jurisdiction to do so – the
legitimate jurisdiction lies, instead, with the Singapore Parliament._

Background facts and procedural history

13 As we have already mentioned, the present appeals pertain to the
constitutionality of s 377A. The Appellants are essentially arguing that s
377A violates Art 9 and/or Art 12.

14 The appellant in CA 125/2013, Tan Eng Hong (“Tan”), was arrested on 9 March
2010 for engaging in oral sex with a male partner in the cubicle of a public
toilet. Tan and the male partner were charged under s 377A on 2 September 2010
and 1 September 2010 respectively. Tan filed an application (by way of an
originating summons (“OS”)) to challenge the constitutionality of s 377A on 24
September 2010. On 15 October 2010, the Prosecution substituted the s 377A
charges against Tan and his partner with charges under s 294(_a_) of the
current Penal Code for the commission of an obscene act in a public place. Tan
and the Attorney-General, the respondent in the present appeals (“the
Respondent”), proceeded to litigate over the issue of whether Tan had the
requisite _locus standi_ to challenge the constitutionality of s 377A. That
culminated in the decision of this court in _Tan Eng Hong v Attorney-General_
[2012] 4 SLR 476 (“ _Tan Eng Hong (standing)_ ”), delivered on 21 August 2012,
where it was held that Tan did have the requisite _locus standi_.

15 The appellants in CA 54/2013, Lim Meng Suang (“Lim”) and Kenneth Chee Mun-
Leon (“Chee”), have been in a romantic and sexual relationship for the past 15
years. Together, they run “TheBearProject”, an informal social group for plus-
sized gay men. Both men aver that they have been sexually attracted to men
since young, and have experienced various forms of social discrimination
against homosexual men. On 30 November 2012, slightly over three months after
the judgment in _Tan Eng Hong (standing)_ was delivered, Lim and Chee filed an
OS to challenge the constitutionality of s 377A.

16 Tan’s substantive application was first heard by a High Court judge on 18
January 2013. Lim and Chee’s substantive application was first heard by the
same High Court judge (“the Judge”) on 7 February 2013. Judgments for these
two substantive applications were released on, respectively, 2 October 2013
(reported as _Tan Eng Hong v Attorney-General_ [2013] 4 SLR 1059 (“ _Tan Eng
Hong (substantive)_ ”)) and 9 April 2013 (reported as _Lim Meng Suang and
another v Attorney-General_ [2013] 3 SLR 118 (“ _Lim Meng Suang_ ”)). In both
judgments, the Judge held that s 377A did not violate the Singapore
Constitution.

17 Lim and Chee filed their notice of appeal on 30 April 2013. On 15 July
2013, Lim and Chee sought, _inter alia_ , leave to amend their OS to include
new arguments centring on how s 377A violated Art 9. Their application was
dismissed by a High Court judge sitting as a single judge of the Court of
Appeal. Lim and Chee then filed Summons No 3664 of 2013 (“SUM 3664/2013”) on
17 July 2013, requesting a three-judge Court of Appeal to review that judge’s
dismissal of their application. SUM 3664/2013 was heard on 2 August 2013,
whereupon it was adjourned to be heard together with Lim and Chee’s
substantive appeal (_ie_ , CA 54/2013). CA 54/2013 was set down to be heard on
14 October 2013.

18 In the meantime, Tan filed an application on 14 August 2013 for leave to
intervene in CA 54/2013. This application for leave to intervene was
subsequently withdrawn when it was heard on 5 September 2013. As mentioned
above at [16], the judgment for Tan’s substantive application was released on
2 October 2013. A notice of appeal (assigned the number “CA 125/2013”) was
quickly filed on 8 October 2013, along with an application for, _inter alia_ ,
CA 125/2013 to be expedited and heard together with CA 54/2013 on 14 October
2013. That application was heard on 10 October 2013, wherein this court
ordered CA 54/2013 and CA 125/2013 to be heard together because they raised
essentially the same issues of law. The hearing for CA 54/2013, originally
scheduled for 14 October 2013, was vacated to allow counsel for Tan, Mr M Ravi
(“Mr Ravi”), to file submissions.

Summary of the arguments in the court below

19 Ms Barker’s arguments in the court below centred on how s 377A violated Art
12. Firstly, it was submitted that equal protection under Art 12 extended to
protection from discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. Secondly,
it was said that s 377A was so absurd, arbitrary and unreasonable that it
could not be good law. Thirdly, it was argued that s 377A failed the two-step
test for determining the constitutionality of a statute under Art 12 (“the
‘reasonable classification’ test”) because it disclosed no intelligible
differentia and the differentia applied bore no rational relation to the
object of s 377A. (Under the “reasonable classification” test, which was
enunciated in, _inter alia_ , _Taw Cheng Kong (CA)_ , _Nguyen Tuong Van v
Public Prosecutor_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 103 (“ _Nguyen Tuong Van_ ”) and _Yong Vui
Kong v Public Prosecutor and another matter_ [2010] 3 SLR 489 (“ _Yong Vui
Kong_ ”), a statute that prescribes a differentiating measure will nonetheless
be consistent with Art 12 if it is based on “reasonable classification”; _ie_
, if: (a) the classification prescribed by the statute is founded on an
intelligible differentia which distinguishes persons within the defined group
from persons outside the group; and (b) that differentia has a rational
relation to the object sought to be achieved by the statute.) Lastly, Ms
Barker submitted that s 377A did not conform to trends in international
jurisprudence, which militated against discrimination on the basis of sexual
orientation. She therefore prayed for s 377A to be struck down in _toto_ (_cf_
the prayers sought by Lim and Chee on appeal at para 347 _et seq_ of their
Appellants’ Case, in which it is argued, as an alternative, that s 377A should
be read down by striking out the words “or private” therein).

20 Mr Ravi’s arguments in the court below centred on how s 377A was
inconsistent with both Art 9 and Art 12. He argued that s 377A was contrary to
the fundamental rules of natural justice and was therefore not “law” for the
purposes of Art 9(1). In relation to Art 12, he contended that s 377A was
absurd, arbitrary and unreasonable, and that the differentia of males bore no
rational relation to the object of the provision.

21 The Respondent essentially argued that s 377A passed the “reasonable
classification” test. The objectives of s 377A, it submitted, comprised the
preservation of public morality and the safeguarding of public health (it
should be noted that this last-mentioned point was not pursued before this
court). The non-inclusion of female homosexual conduct did not render s 377A
under-inclusive because such conduct was either less prevalent or perceived to
be less repugnant than male homosexual conduct. Even if s 377A were under-
inclusive, the Respondent contended, legislative leeway ought to be given to
our Parliament. Most importantly, it was submitted, there should be a strong
presumption of constitutionality for laws passed by the legislature.

The decisions below

The decision in Lim Meng Suang

22 The Judge commenced his decision in _Lim Meng Suang_ by undertaking a
historical inquiry into Art 12. Article 12 was found to be consanguine with
equivalent provisions in the US Constitution, the Constitution of India and
the Federal Constitution of Malaysia. Equal protection, the Judge held, was a
guarantee of not merely procedural or administrative equality, but also
substantive equality. Nevertheless, legislatures around the world had had to
continually classify diverse groups and activities for different purposes; a
legislature was entitled to pass laws that dealt with the problems stemming
from the inherent inequality and differences pervasive in society.

23 The Judge proceeded to apply the “reasonable classification” test to s
377A. It was clear, he held, that the classification prescribed by s 377A was
based on an intelligible differentia: there was little difficulty in
determining who fell within and without the provision. The second-stage
inquiry into whether the differentia was rationally related to the object of s
377A was, however, fraught with difficulty. Determining the purpose of
legislation was not straightforward, and there were also problems with the
extent of over- or under-classification required before the court could find
that a rational relation was absent. In addition, there was a danger of
engaging in tautological reasoning.

24 The Judge was of the view that the purpose of s 377A was to be determined
at the time it was first introduced into Singapore’s Penal Code in 1938\. That
purpose, he found, had remained unchanged to the present day: “[t]he act of
males engaging in grossly indecent acts with other males was to be
criminalised” (see _Lim Meng Suang_ at [67]). There was thus a “complete
coincidence” (see _Lim Meng Suang_ at [100]) between the differentia in
relation to the classification prescribed by s 377A and the object of that
provision; the “reasonable classification” test was clearly satisfied. Turning
to the issue of legitimacy of purpose, the Judge held that the purpose of s
377A was legitimate because of the weight of historical practice and “deep
seated feelings” pertaining to procreation and family lineage (see _Lim Meng
Suang_ at [127]).

The decision in Tan Eng Hong (substantive)

25 The Judge commenced his judgment in _Tan Eng Hong (substantive)_ with an
examination of Art 9(1), and held that the reference to “law” therein had to
include a reference to the fundamental rules of natural justice. He observed
that there was a dearth of jurisprudence on the concept and scope of those
rules. Nevertheless, he noted two possible types of legislation that would not
qualify as “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1), namely: (a) legislation aimed
at securing the conviction of particular individuals; and (b) legislation that
was absurd or arbitrary.

26 After considering statements from pro- as well as anti-homosexual groups,
medical and scientific bodies and court decisions, the Judge declined to find
that homosexuality was a natural and immutable attribute. This rendered moot
the argument that s 377A was an absurd law which was contrary to the
fundamental rules of natural justice because it targeted a natural and
immutable attribute of a person. The Judge was also not persuaded that s 377A
was unconstitutional because it was too vague and uncertain.

27 In so far as the constitutional challenge under Art 12 was concerned, the
Judge held that the “reasonable classification” test applied to all
constitutional challenges based on this Article. He did not adopt the approach
taken in the foreign authorities cited to him because those authorities
factored in legal and extra-legal social, economic, cultural and political
considerations which were unique to their respective jurisdictions. The Judge
also observed that s 377A could not be said to have an unsound purpose merely
because that purpose was to advance a certain allegedly controversial
morality. Finally, the Judge ruled that there was a complete coincidence
between the differentia embodied in s 377A (_viz_ , male homosexuals or
bisexual males who engage in acts of gross indecency with another male within
the meaning of the provision) and the purpose and object of the provision
(_viz_ , making male homosexual conduct an offence because such conduct was
not desirable).

The parties’ respective cases on appeal

CA 54/2013

28 Before this court, Ms Barker submitted (in relation to CA 54/2013) that Lim
and Chee possessed the requisite _locus standi_ to challenge the
constitutionality of s 377A for the following reasons:

(a) _Tan Eng Hong (standing)_ made it clear that where a person who was a
member of the group defined by a purportedly unconstitutional statute
(referred to hereafter as an “impugned statute” where appropriate to the
context) faced a real and credible threat of prosecution under that statute,
this was sufficient to give him _locus standi_ to challenge the
constitutionality of that statute under Art 12. Lim and Chee were both
sexually active male homosexuals falling within the group defined by s 377A.
They thus had the _locus standi_ to challenge s 377A as being violative of Art
12.

(b) With regard to Art 9, given Lim and Chee’s averment that their personal
rights under that Article had been violated and that there was a real
controversy between the parties, this sufficed to establish their _locus
standi_ to challenge the constitutionality of s 377A under that Article.

29 In terms of the substantive merits of CA 54/2013, Ms Barker argued that s
377A violated Art 12(1). Section 377A was said to be arbitrary on its face as:
(a) it ran foul of the concept of constitutional supremacy wherein a State
could not deprive minorities of their fundamental liberties simply because of
popular moral sentiment; and (b) it criminalised acts that were legal for non-
male homosexuals. Section 377A, it was contended, also failed the “reasonable
classification” test as the classification prescribed by that provision was
not based on an intelligible differentia; and even if the classification could
be said to be based on an intelligible differentia, that differentia bore no
rational relation to the object of s 377A. Section 377A, it was further
submitted, also violated Art 12(2) of the Singapore Constitution (“Art 12(2)”)
because sexual orientation was a practically immutable aspect of a person’s
identity.

30 In relation to Art 9, Ms Barker argued that s 377A violated Art 9(1). The
right to life and personal liberty set out in Art 9(1), she submitted, should
be given a purposive interpretation to include a limited right of privacy.
Life and personal liberty must, at their core, include a right of personal
autonomy allowing a person to enjoy and express affection and love towards
another human being.

31 The Respondent, on its part, originally submitted that Lim and Chee lacked
the requisite _locus standi_ to challenge the constitutionality of s 377A. In
particular, it argued that a real controversy was required to establish
standing and jurisdiction, and that such a controversy would only arise when
the State took action pursuant to the impugned statute in question. However,
in a subsequent letter to Ms Barker dated 1 July 2014, the Respondent stated
that it would not be pursuing its case on this particular point as it had not
been raised before the Judge in the proceedings below.

32 In so far as the substantive issues in CA 54/2013 were concerned, the
Respondent argued that s 377A did not violate Art 12(2). Article 12(2), the
Respondent submitted, was exhaustive in terms of the prohibited grounds of
discrimination set out therein, and was distinguishable from constitutional
provisions in other jurisdictions which explicitly enumerated sex or sexual
orientation as one of the prohibited grounds of discrimination. It was further
argued that:

(a) Section 377A did not violate Art 12(1). A single standard of review should
be applied to determine the constitutionality of an impugned statute under Art
12(1), namely, the “reasonable classification” test. Applying that test, the
classification prescribed by s 377A was founded on an intelligible differentia
which bore a rational relation to the legislative purpose of the provision.
The “reasonable classification” test did not, and ought not to, require
substantive judicial review of the legislative purpose of s 377A. In any case,
the purpose of s 377A was constitutionally permissible.

(b) Section 377A also did not violate Art 9(1). In this regard, comparative
jurisprudence was inapplicable. Reading Art 9(1) to entail a right to privacy
was contrary to the weight of authority, as well as the history, text and
structure of Art 9. In any case, s 377A was “law” for the purposes of Art
9(1).

CA 125/2013

33 In CA 125/2013, Mr Ravi made four arguments in relation to Art 12. First,
he submitted that the applicable test for determining the constitutionality of
an impugned statute under Art 12 was not confined to the “reasonable
classification” test. Secondly, he contended that the classification
prescribed by s 377A was not based on an intelligible differentia because s
377A was vague and “[did] not apply differentia based on either gender, sexual
orientation or [the] nature of [the] sexual act”. Thirdly, the object of s
377A was, according to Mr Ravi, an expression of animus by the majority
against a minority, and was therefore incompatible with the constitutional
guarantee of individual fundamental freedoms against majoritarian oppression.
Fourthly, it was argued that there was no rational relation between the
purpose of s 377A and the differentia embodied in that section.

34 In relation to Art 9, Mr Ravi argued that s 377A was inconsistent with that
Article for three reasons. First, s 377A was impermissibly vague in the scope
of the activity which it purported to prohibit, thereby creating not only
doubt as to its effect, but also a substantial risk of perversity or
arbitrariness in its application. Secondly, s 377A was arbitrary inasmuch as
the criminal penalty which it imposed served no rational purpose in theory or
in practice. Thirdly, s 377A was absurd in that it criminalised, without any
logically defensible reason, a minority of citizens on the grounds of a core
aspect of their identity which was either unchangeable or suppressible only at
a great personal cost.

35 In response to Mr Ravi’s submissions, the Respondent made the following
arguments with regard to Art 12. First, the established test for determining
the constitutionality of an impugned statute under Art 12(1) only required the
classification prescribed by the impugned statute to be founded on an
intelligible differentia which bore a rational relation to the purpose and
object of the statute. Secondly, the relevant classification in relation to s
377A was based on an intelligible differentia (_viz_ , male homosexuals or
bisexual males who engage in acts of gross indecency with another male within
the meaning of the provision), and that differentia was rationally related to
the purpose and object of the provision (_viz_ , making male homosexual
conduct an offence because such conduct was not desirable). Thirdly, Art 12(1)
did not contemplate judicial scrutiny of the legislative purpose of an
impugned statute. Fourthly, Art 12(1) “[did] not impose any blanket
prohibition on classifications based on sex or sexual orientation or
‘immutable’ characteristics, or on classifications that [were] ‘unreasonable’
or ‘impermissible’” [emphasis in original omitted].

36 The Respondent’s submissions in relation to Art 9 were as follows. First,
Art 9(1) referred to “the deprivation of life in the sense of the death
penalty, and personal liberty in the sense of the liberty of the person … and
the freedom from unlawful incarceration or detention”. Secondly, s 377A was
“law” for the purposes of Art 9(1) because it had a clear core of meaning and
was not unconstitutionally vague. Thirdly, Art 9(1) did not protect a person’s
sexual identity or orientation, regardless of whether or not that was an
immutable aspect of a person’s identity.

The issues before this court

The preliminary issues

37 From the procedural history set out above, it can be seen that the
following two preliminary issues were _originally_ raised in CA 54/2013:

(a) Do Lim and Chee have the requisite _locus standi_ to challenge the
constitutionality of s 377A?

(b) Should Lim and Chee be allowed to amend their OS to include new arguments
centring on how s 377A violates Art 9?

As noted above (at [31]), the Respondent indicated in its letter to Ms Barker
dated 1 July 2014 that it was no longer pursuing the first of the aforesaid
preliminary issues – in particular, because the _locus standi_ point had not
been raised before the Judge in the proceedings below. By that same letter,
the Respondent stated that it was also not objecting to Lim and Chee’s
application for leave to amend their OS to include new arguments centring on
how s 377A violated Art 9. Both of the above preliminary issues are therefore
no longer live issues before this court.

38 We would add that, in any event, had it been necessary for us to decide SUM
3664/2013, we would have allowed the application. In their supporting
affidavit for SUM 3664/2013, Lim and Chee averred that the constitutionality
of s 377A was a matter of public interest, and that the proposed amendment to
their OS would allow this court to consider the merits of all the arguments
relating to whether or not s 377A was unconstitutional and determine once and
for all whether s 377A violated Art 12 and/or Art 9. Lim and Chee further
contended that there would be no prejudice to the Respondent if the proposed
amendment to their OS were allowed.

39 The court has a wide discretion to allow an amendment of an OS at any stage
of the proceedings on such terms as to costs or otherwise as may be just (see
O 20 r 5(1) read with O 20 r 7 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev
Ed)). In a similar vein (although not applicable in the present appeals), a
party may introduce on appeal a new point not taken in the court below, but it
must state this clearly in its case (see O 57 r 9A(4)(_b_)).

40 We are of the view that Lim and Chee’s proposed amendment to their OS would
not cause the Respondent any prejudice which cannot be compensated in costs
(see the decision of this court in _Review Publishing Co Ltd and another v Lee
Hsien Loong and another appeal_ [2010] 1 SLR 52 (“ _Review Publishing Co_ ”)
at [113]). The proposed amendment would give symmetry to the present appeals
and allow a broader spectrum of arguments to be aired on an important
constitutional point in the Singapore context.

The substantive issues

41 The present appeals raise several overlapping arguments about the
constitutionality of s 377A. These boil down to whether s 377A violates the
following provisions of the Singapore Constitution:

(a) Art 9(1);

(b) Art 12(1); and

(c) Art 12(2).

We shall discuss each of these substantive issues in turn, beginning with the
issue of whether s 377A violates Art 9(1).

Whether s 377A violates Art 9(1)

42 Article 9, part of which was set out above at [2], provides as follows:

**Liberty of the person**

**9.** —(1) No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty save
in accordance with law.

(2) Where a complaint is made to the High Court or any Judge thereof that a
person is being unlawfully detained, the Court shall inquire into the
complaint and, unless satisfied that the detention is lawful, shall order him
to be produced before the Court and release him.

(3) Where a person is arrested, he shall be informed as soon as may be of the
grounds of his arrest and shall be allowed to consult and be defended by a
legal practitioner of his choice.

(4) Where a person is arrested and not released, he shall, without
unreasonable delay, and in any case within 48 hours (excluding the time of any
necessary journey), be produced before a Magistrate, in person or by way of
video-conferencing link (or other similar technology) in accordance with law,
and shall not be further detained in custody without the Magistrate’s
authority.

(5) Clauses (3) and (4) shall not apply to an enemy alien or to any person
arrested for contempt of Parliament pursuant to a warrant issued under the
hand of the Speaker.

(6) Nothing in this Article shall invalidate any law —

(_a_) in force before the commencement of this Constitution which authorises
the arrest and detention of any person in the interests of public safety,
peace and good order; or

(_b_) relating to the misuse of drugs or intoxicating substances which
authorises the arrest and detention of any person for the purpose of treatment
and rehabilitation,

by reason of such law being inconsistent with clauses (3) and (4), and, in
particular, nothing in this Article shall affect the validity or operation of
any such law before 10th March 1978.

43 The arguments raised by Mr Ravi and by Ms Barker on Art 9 in the present
appeals are different. Ms Barker argues that the right to life and personal
liberty under Art 9(1) should include a limited right to privacy and personal
autonomy allowing a person to enjoy and express affection and love towards
another human being. Mr Ravi, on the other hand, contends that s 377A is
vague, arbitrary and absurd.

44 In so far as Ms Barker’s arguments are concerned, our view is that the
right to privacy and personal autonomy which she canvassed should not be read
into the phrase “life or personal liberty” in Art 9(1) for three reasons.

45 _First_ , such an interpretation of Art 9(1) would be contrary to
established Singapore jurisprudence. The phrase “personal liberty” in Art 9(1)
refers only to the personal liberty of a person from unlawful incarceration or
detention (see _Tan Eng Hong (standing)_ at [120], affirming _Lo Pui Sang and
others v Mamata Kapilev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener)
and other appeals_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 754). Although the phrase “life” has not
been authoritatively interpreted by the Singapore courts, it should be
interpreted narrowly in accordance with the jurisprudence on “personal
liberty” and Art 9’s context and structure, which brings us to our next point.

46 Our _second_ reason for rejecting Ms Barker’s arguments on Art 9 is that
the narrow interpretation of Art 9(1) which we have just mentioned above at
[45] is (as the Respondent has correctly argued) supported by the context and
structure of Art 9 itself. Articles 9(2) to 9(4) provide various procedural
safeguards in relation to the arrest and detention of a person. Article 9(2)
gives expression to the common law prerogative writ of _habeas corpus_ ; Art
9(3) provides for an arrested person’s right to counsel and the right to be
informed of the grounds for his arrest; and Art 9(4) relates to the production
of an arrested person before a magistrate within 48 hours. Articles 9(5) and
9(6) contain exceptions to the rights guaranteed to an arrested person. Read
in this context, it is clear that the phrase “life or personal liberty” in Art
9(1) refers only to a person’s freedom from an unlawful deprivation of life
and unlawful detention or incarceration.

47 _Thirdly_ , protection against unlawful detention is the particular focus
of Art 21 of the Indian Constitution, from which our Art 9 is derived. India’s
Art 21 states that “[n]o person shall be deprived of his life or personal
liberty except according to procedure established by law”. As the Respondent
has argued (again, correctly, in our view), the framers of India’s Art 21
consciously rejected the wider US formulation “without due process of law” in
the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments to the US Constitution, and enacted
additional provisions similar to Singapore’s Art 9(3) and Art 9(4) to protect
India’s citizenry against unlawful detention. There is no indication that they
intended to impute an expansive meaning into the phrase “life or personal
liberty”. India’s Art 21 was the basis for the “liberty of the person”
provision in Art 5(1) of the Malaysian Constitution, which was later adopted
in Singapore as Art 9(1).

48 In a related vein, foreign cases that have conferred an expansive
constitutional right to life and liberty should be approached with
circumspection because they were decided in the context of their unique
social, political and legal circumstances. For example, the Supreme Court of
India has taken an expansive view of the right to life to include an
individual’s right to health and medical care. This approach must be
understood in the context of India’s social and economic conditions (see _Yong
Vui Kong_ at [83]–[84]). A similarly broad approach has been adopted in the US
because of the due process clauses in the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments to
the US Constitution, which are materially different from our Art 9(1).

49 Indeed, it is significant that Ms Barker herself conceded that the
_private_ law relating to privacy was a _developing_ one. It is clear that Lim
and Chee (and likewise, Tan in CA 125/2013) cannot obtain by the
(constitutional) backdoor what they cannot obtain by the (private law) front
door. Indeed, that would be a wholly inappropriate utilisation of the existing
body of _constitutional_ law (which serves _a quite different_ function). More
importantly, as we have already noted above (at [30]), Lim and Chee base their
Art 9(1) rights on a narrow conception of the right to privacy, _viz_ , that
the right to life and personal liberty under Art 9(1) should include a limited
right to privacy and personal autonomy allowing a person to enjoy and express
affection and love towards another human being. Once again, such a right
ought, in our view, to be developed by way of the _private_ law on privacy
instead. Indeed, we also observe that the right claimed by Lim and Chee,
although of an apparently limited nature, is, in point of fact, not only vague
and general, but also contains within itself (contradictorily) the seeds of an
_unlimited_ right. Put simply, such a right could be interpreted to encompass
as well as legalise all manner of subjective expressions of love and
affection, which could (in turn) embody content that may be wholly
unacceptable from the perspective of broader societal policy. At this
juncture, we are, of course, back to “square one”, so to speak, for this
brings us back (in substance at least) to the issue of whether or not s 377A
ought to enforce broader societal morality.

50 We turn now to Mr Ravi’s arguments on the alleged unconstitutionality of s
377A under Art 9.

51 First, we do not think the phrase “act of gross indecency with another male
person” in s 377A is of such vagueness that would cause the provision to fall
outside the classification of “law” for the purposes of Art 9(1). The concept
of indecency is not alien to Singapore legislation (see, for example, s 145(1)
of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) and s 7 of the Children and
Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed)), and we do not think there is any
objectionable degree of vagueness inherent within s 377A itself. We would
venture to suggest that s 377A prohibits, at its core, sexual acts between
males. The Judge’s views on the operation of s 377A (in _Tan Eng Hong
(substantive)_ at [76], [82] and [83]) were tentative in nature _not_ because
the provision was vague, _but_ because the matter before him did not involve a
criminal charge under s 377A.

52 Secondly, s 377A is not arbitrary. Mr Ravi’s submissions on this point are
not easily comprehensible, but they appear to suggest that there is no
rational purpose for s 377A. Mr Ravi asserted, without any legal
substantiation whatsoever, that the purpose of s 377A in signalling societal
disapproval of grossly indecent acts between males was arbitrary.

53 Thirdly, s 377A is not absurd. Mr Ravi argued that s 377A was absurd
because it criminalised a minority of citizens based on a core aspect of their
identity which was either unchangeable or suppressible only at a great
personal cost. As noted by the Respondent, Mr Ravi’s argument here closely
resembles Ms Barker’s argument that “personal liberty” in Art 9(1) should be
interpreted to include a limited right to privacy and personal autonomy. For
the reasons given above, Mr Ravi’s argument in this particular guise must
likewise be rejected. In so far as the supposed immutability of a person’s
sexual orientation is concerned, the conflicting scientific views on this
issue suggest that there is, at present, no definitive conclusion, and it may
therefore be premature to express any conclusive views on it. Indeed, this is
precisely one of the _extra-legal_ arguments that is _not_ within the remit of
this court (see above at [6]).

54 Let us turn now to the issue of whether s 377A violates Art 12(1).

Whether s 377A violates Art 12(1)

The relevant legal provisions

55 To begin our analysis of the constitutionality of s 377A under Art 12(1),
it would be appropriate to not only set out Art 12(1) again, but also
reproduce the _rest_ of Art 12 as well, as the _context_ of Art 12 (in
particular, Art 12(2)) is, as we shall see, very significant. Article 12 reads
as follows:

**Equal protection**

**_12._** —** _(1)_** All persons are **_equal before the law_**** __and__****
_entitled to the equal protection of the law_**.

(2) _Except as expressly authorised by this Constitution_ , there **_shall_**
_be_** _no_**** __discrimination__** _against_** _citizens of Singapore_** _on
the ground_** __only__** of **_religion_** , **_race_** , **_descent_**
__or__** _place of birth in any_**** __law__** __or__ in **_the appointment to
any office or employment under a public authority_** __or__ in **_the
administration of any law relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition
of property_** __or__** _the establishing or carrying on of any trade,
business, profession, vocation or employment_**.

(3) This Article does not invalidate or prohibit —

(_a_) any provision regulating personal law; or

(_b_) any provision or practice restricting office or employment connected
with the affairs of any religion, or of an institution managed by a group
professing any religion, to persons professing that religion.

[emphasis added in italics, underlined italics, bold italics and underlined
bold italics]

56 As the constitutionality of s 377A is the central issue in these appeals,
we also set out this provision again, even though we have already done so at
the outset of this judgment (see above at [3]):

**Outrages on decency**

**377A**. Any male person who, in public or private, commits, or abets the
commission of, or procures or attempts to procure the commission by any male
person of, any act of gross indecency with another male person, shall be
punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 2 years.

The applicable test for constitutionality: the “reasonable classification”
test

The test articulated

57 The established test in Singapore for determining the constitutionality of
a statute under Art 12 is the _“reasonable classification”_ test. This is
clear from the relevant case law (see, for example, _Ong Ah Chuan and another
v Public Prosecutor_ [1979–1980] SLR(R) 710 (“ _Ong Ah Chuan_ ”) at [37]; _Taw
Cheng Kong (CA)_ at [58]; _Nguyen Tuong Van_ at [70]; _Yong Vui Kong_ at
[109]; and _Tan Eng Hong (standing)_ at [124]). It should, however, be noted
that the “reasonable classification” test is not even engaged if the impugned
statute is not discriminatory in the first place. In the words of Mohamed Azmi
SCJ in the Malaysian Supreme Court decision of _Malaysian Bar v Government of
Malaysia_ [1987] 2 MLJ 165 (“ _Malaysian Bar_ ”) at 170 (referred to in _Taw
Cheng Kong (CA)_ at [58]):

… The first question to be asked is, is the law discriminatory, and that the
answer should then be – if the law is not discriminatory, it is good law …

Indeed, the question set out in the above quotation has been referred to as
the first stage of “a three-stage inquiry” (see, for example, the Singapore
High Court decision of _Taw Cheng Kong v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 78
at [32]; that decision was reversed by this court in _Taw Cheng Kong (CA)_ ,
but without any apparent comment on this particular point). Strictly speaking,
however, the “reasonable classification” test, in our view, comprises only two
closely-related stages.

58 The “reasonable classification” test was articulated by, _inter alia_ ,
this court in _Taw Cheng Kong (CA)_ , which, after referring to the above
passage from _Malaysian Bar_ , went on to cite (at [58]) Azmi SCJ’s
observations in that same case (_viz_ , _Malaysian Bar_) as follows (at 170):

… Discriminatory law is good law if it is based on ‘reasonable’ or
‘permissible’ classification, provided that

(i) the classification is founded on an intelligible differentia which
distinguishes persons that are grouped together from others left out of the
group; and

(ii) the differentia has a rational relation to the object sought to be
achieved by the law in question. The classification may be founded on
different bases such as geographical, or according to objects or occupations
and the like. What is necessary is that there must be a nexus between the
basis of classification and the object of the law in question.

59 _Taw Cheng Kong (CA)_ also cited (at [54]) the following comments by Lord
Diplock in the Privy Council decision of _Ong Ah Chuan_ (at [35] and [37])
with approval:

35 All criminal law involves the classification of individuals for the
purposes of punishment, since it affects those individuals only in relation to
whom there exists a defined set of circumstances – the conduct and, where
relevant, the state of mind that constitute the ingredients of an offence.
_Equality before the law and equal protection of the law require that like
should be compared with like.__What Art 12(1) of the Constitution assures to
the individual is the right to equal treatment with other individuals in
similar circumstances. It prohibits laws which require that some individuals
within a single class should be treated by way of punishment more harshly than
others_ ; it does not forbid discrimination in punitive treatment between one
class of individuals and another class in relation to which there is some
difference in the circumstances of the offences that has been committed.

…

37 … Provided that the factor which the Legislature adopts as constituting the
dissimilarity in circumstances is not purely arbitrary but bears a reasonable
relation to the social object of the law, there is no inconsistency with Art
12(1) of the Constitution.

[emphasis added; emphasis in original omitted]

60 Under the “reasonable classification” test, therefore, a statute which
prescribes a differentiating measure will be consistent with Art 12(1) only
if: (a) the classification prescribed by the statute is founded on an
intelligible differentia; _and_ (b) that differentia bears a rational relation
to the object sought to be achieved by the statute (see also _Tan Eng Hong
(standing)_ at [124]).

The difficulties with the “reasonable classification” test

(1) The true nature and function of the test

61 The “reasonable classification” test is not without its difficulties. This
has been articulated in the legal literature (see, for example, Joseph Tussman
& Jacobus tenBroek, “The Equal Protection of the Laws” (1949) 37 Cal L Rev
341). Perhaps because of the perceived lack of viable alternative tests and
the very thorny nature of the concept of equality itself (especially when it
is to be applied in a _practical_ context), the cases (at least in the
Singapore context) continue to endorse (only) the “reasonable classification”
test as the test for determining the constitutionality of a statute under Art
12. The concept of equality is thorny, not least because whilst it is
eminently desirable (in theory) to achieve equality, this (_normative_)
_ideal_ faces the (_factual_) _reality_ that _inequality_ (in all its various
forms) is _an inevitable part of daily life_. How, then, is _the law_ to
ensure that there is a _basic_ _level of equality_ , applying the principle of
equality _generally_ , and more importantly, in _what situations_ would such a
level of equality be deemed to be _legally mandated_? As we shall see in a
moment, the “reasonable classification” test, whilst useful, _does not really
address the fundamental questions just posed_ (see also Peter Westen, “The
Empty Idea of Equality” (1982) 95 Harv L Rev 537). This is not surprising
because (as we shall also see) the _very nature_ of the “reasonable
classification” test renders it _incapable_ of furnishing the requisite (or
complete) normative as well as analytical impetus (let alone the requisite
criterion or criteria) to answer these questions.

62 However, it is also of the first importance to note, at this juncture, that
this does _not_ mean that the “reasonable classification” test ought to be
_rejected_ out of hand. That would be to throw the baby out together with the
bathwater. As we shall elaborate upon below, the “reasonable classification”
test is _an important threshold test_ , without which any attempt to determine
whether or not Art 12 has been contravened by an impugned statute cannot even
take off the ground in the first place. We shall also see that if a particular
statute fails to pass legal muster under this test, it would mean that that
statute _is so legally illogical and/or incoherent that it would,_ ipso facto
_, be repugnant to any idea of legal equality to begin with_. The reader would
be forgiven for thinking that all this is rather general and abstract. Indeed,
it is. However, it sets the stage for the more detailed analysis that follows.
It would, in fact, be appropriate at this juncture to turn to an explanation
of why the “reasonable classification” test functions only as a _threshold_
legal test.

63 It will be recalled (see above at, _inter alia_ , [60]) that the
“reasonable classification” test states that a statute which prescribes a
differentiating measure will be consistent with Art 12(1) only if: (a)  _the_
_classification_ prescribed by the statute is founded on an _intelligible
differentia_ (referred to hereafter as either “the first limb” or “Limb (a)”
of the “reasonable classification” test); _and_ (b)  _that differentia_ bears
_a rational relation_ to _the purpose and object_ sought to be achieved by the
statute (referred to hereafter as either “the second limb” or “Limb (b)” of
the “reasonable classification” test). It is our view that the _underlying
rationale_ of both the aforementioned limbs of the “reasonable classification”
test is not only logical, but also commonsensical as well as self-evident. Let
us elaborate.

64 In our view, whilst it is clear that _both_ Limb (a) and Limb (b) must be
satisfied in order for the “reasonable classification” test as a whole to be
satisfied, Limb (a) operates _prior to_ Limb (b) inasmuch as if the
classification concerned is _not_ based on an _intelligible differentia_ to
_begin_ _with_ , then it is pointless for the court to ascertain whether Limb
(b) has been satisfied (_ie_ , whether _the differentia_ bears _a rational
relation_ to _the purpose and object_ sought to be achieved by the statute in
question). This is only logical and commonsensical: if there is _no_
intelligible differentia to _begin with_ , _then_ there is _no_ set of
_intelligible_ differentia _in existence_ that can be _compared with_ the
purpose and object of the statute (which is the pith and marrow of Limb (b)).

65 When, however, would a statute _fail_ to pass legal muster under the
_threshold_ legal criterion embodied within Limb  _(a)_? The answer is that it
would, in the nature of things, _very seldom_ be the case. This is because the
differentia concerned need not be perfect; it need only be “ _intelligible_ ”.
This connotes (in turn) a _relatively low threshold that ought to avoid any
consideration of substantive moral, political and/or ethical issues because
these issues are potentially (and in most instances, actually) controversial_.
We should note, parenthetically, that when we refer to “controversy” with
respect to moral, political and/or ethical issues, we are not necessarily
referring to anything sinister, malevolent or even insidious in nature because
_reasonable persons can reasonably disagree on a myriad of issues which arise
in moral, political and/or ethical contexts_. _More importantly, it is no
business of the courts or the law generally to engage in the resolution of
such issues – except to the extent necessary to resolve any_** _legal_**
_issue(s) at hand_. It is not surprising, therefore, that the (legal)
criterion centring on the need for an _intelligible_ differentia under Limb
_(a)_ is (as already mentioned) _a relatively low threshold_ that only
requires the differentia concerned to be based on _intelligibility_. In this
regard, the Judge observed thus in _Lim Meng Suang_ (at [47]):

The First Limb [_ie_ , Limb (a)] requires that the classification prescribed
by the impugned legislation must be based on an intelligible differentia.
“Intelligible” means something that may be understood or is capable of being
apprehended by the intellect or understanding, as opposed to by the senses.
“Differentia” is used in the sense of a distinguishing mark or character, some
attribute or feature by which one is distinguished from all others.
Scientifically, one talks of an attribute by which a species is distinguished
from all other species of the same genus.

66 We agree with the Judge’s observations. They may appear value-neutral, but
that is precisely what, in our view, was intended by the criterion of
intelligible differentia to begin with. Value-neutrality is not the same as
redundancy or an absence of functionality. As alluded to earlier, the
“reasonable classification” test in general and its component limbs in
particular are only intended to (and, in the nature of things, can only) serve
a minimal _threshold_ function of requiring logic and coherence in the statute
concerned, without which the court cannot meaningfully proceed in any event to
determine whether that statute violates Art 12.

67 In the context of Limb  _(a)_ , what this means is that the differentia
embodied in the impugned statute must not only identify a clear distinguishing
mark or character, but must _also_ be _intelligible_ (as opposed to illogical
and/or incoherent). In this regard, we would go a little further than the
Judge, although we think that our view is at least implicit within his
observations in any event. In particular, we are of the view that a
differentia which is capable of being understood or which “is capable of being
apprehended by the intellect or understanding” (see _Lim Meng Suang_ at [47])
may _nevertheless_ still be _un_ intelligible to the extent that it is _so
unreasonable as to be illogical and/or incoherent_. We recognise that this
last-mentioned proposition may open the doors to potential abuse, so we
include the caveat that the illogicality and/or incoherence must be of _an
extreme nature_. It must be so extreme that _no reasonable person_ would ever
contemplate the differentia concerned as being functional as _intelligible_
differentia. Put simply, the illogicality and/or incoherence of the
differentia concerned must be such that there can be no reasonable dispute
(let alone controversy) as to that fact from a moral, political and/or ethical
point of view (or, for that matter, any other point of view). Where such
illogicality and/or incoherence is present, there is no point even beginning
to talk about the concept of equality (let alone whether there has been a
violation of the right to equality contrary to Art 12) because _no reasonable
classification even exists in the first place_. In such circumstances, Limb
_(b)_ is _not engaged at all_. More generally, there would be no way in which
the statute concerned can possibly pass legal muster in so far as the concept
of equality embodied within Art 12 is concerned.

68 Assuming, however, that there is an intelligible differentia in place such
that Limb (a) of the “reasonable classification” test is in fact satisfied, it
must _further_ be demonstrated that Limb (b) has been satisfied _as well_ in
order for the “reasonable classification” test as a whole to be satisfied. To
recapitulate, where Limb (b) is concerned, it must be demonstrated that _the
differentia_ identified pursuant to Limb (a) bears _a rational relation_ to
_the purpose and object_ sought to be achieved by the statute in question. It
is clear that a prerequisite for the satisfaction of Limb (b) is that the
_purpose and object_ of the statute in question _must first be determined or
ascertained_. Once that purpose and object has been determined or ascertained,
_a rational relation_ between the differentia identified pursuant to Limb (a)
_and_ that purpose and object must then be demonstrated in order for Limb (b)
to be satisfied. Again, this is both logical as well as commonsensical: if
there is no rational relation between the differentia identified pursuant to
Limb (a) and the purpose and object of the statute concerned, there is, _ex
hypothesi_ , no logical and/or coherent basis upon which to hold that the
statute is based on _reasonable_ classification to begin with. Although the
absence of such a rational relation can take many forms, it seems to us that
the requisite rational relation will – more often than not – be found. This is
because (as the Judge held in _Lim Meng Suang_ at [98]) there is _no_ need for
_a perfect_ relation or “ _complete_ coincidence” [emphasis added] between the
differentia in question and the purpose and object of the statute concerned.
As the “reasonable classification” test itself prescribes, the relation need
only be a _rational_ one. That having been said, this does _not necessarily_
mean that a rational relation will _always_ be found to exist by the courts.
For example, if there is _a clear disconnect_ between the purpose and object
of the impugned statute on the one hand and the relevant differentia on the
other, the “reasonable classification” test will be held _not_ to have been
satisfied. But, all this is easily stated in the abstract. What will determine
the final outcome in any given case will be _the specific facts as well as
context_ before the court. We should add, at this juncture, that ascertaining
the purpose and object of a statute will not always be easy. Indeed, as we
shall see later in this judgment (below at [116]–[152]), ascertaining the
purpose and object of s 377A is both an extremely complex as well as extremely
difficult exercise.

69 As is the position with regard to Limb (a), the key inquiry under Limb (b)
does _not_ really address the concept of _equality_ as such. Its focus, as
explained above, is primarily logical as well as commonsensical. Put simply,
if there is no rational relation between the relevant differentia on the one
hand and the purpose and object of the statute concerned on the other, there
is (again) no point even beginning to talk about the concept of equality (let
alone whether there has been a violation of the right to equality contrary to
Art 12) because _no_ reasonable classification even exists _in the first
place_. Furthermore, if Limb (b) is not satisfied, it would also follow that
the statute in question _cannot possibly_ satisfy the concept of equality
embodied within Art 12 _in any event_ – a result that will likewise obtain if
Limb (a) is not satisfied (as noted above at [64] and [67]).

70 It should be noted that the threshold nature of the “reasonable
classification” test helps to _balance_ the need to accord as much legislative
leeway as possible to the legislature against the need to ensure that laws
which are patently illogical and/or incoherent do not pass legal muster. In a
related vein, this test simultaneously prevents the courts from becoming
“mini-legislatures” (a point which is dealt with in more detail below,
especially at [77]).

71 As mentioned above at [61]–[62], the fact that the “reasonable
classification” test is a threshold test which does not in itself furnish the
requisite criteria for determining whether the right to equality under Art 12
has been violated does _not_ mean that this test ought therefore to be
dispensed with. Indeed, it is quite _the opposite_. As we pointed out earlier
(at [62] above), the “reasonable classification” test serves a minimal – _but
vital_ – threshold function of requiring logic and coherence in the statute
concerned, without which the court cannot meaningfully proceed to determine
whether that statute contravenes Art 12. Put simply, there is no point
analysing the statute concerned from the perspective of the concept of
equality if the “reasonable classification” test is not even satisfied in the
first place. _Looked at in this light, the “reasonable classification” test is
by no means a merely mechanical or purely procedural test. It does, in fact,
contain substantive elements._ That having been said, it is important to
reiterate at the same time that the “reasonable classification” test _in
itself_ does not really aid the court in ascertaining whether or not the
concept of equality under Art 12 _(1)_ has been violated. Let us elaborate.

(2) The “reasonable classification” test in relation to the concept of
equality in Art 12(1)

72 It will be recalled that Art 12(1) reads as follows:

**Equal protection**

**12.** —(1) All persons are **_equal before the law_**** __and__****
_entitled to the equal protection of the law_**.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics and underlined bold italics]

73 It will be seen that Art 12(1) comprises two main limbs. The _first_ states
that “[a]ll persons are _equal before the law_ ” [emphasis added]. No
reasonable person would seriously attempt to controvert this particular
statement as it is just and fair from both a logical as well as an intuitive
point of view. However, what precisely does it mean when we state that “[a]ll
persons are equal before the law”? In the first place, what does the phrase
“the law” in this particular limb of Art 12(1) mean? Does it refer to _the law
in general_? If so, then this particular limb is no more than a _declaratory_
statement that is, as just alluded to, self-evident. Alternatively, does the
phrase “the law” refer specifically to the statute that is sought to be
impugned as being inconsistent with Art 12(1) and, hence, unconstitutional
pursuant to Art 4? In the context of the present appeals, “the law” would then
refer to s 377A. But, even if that be the case, this limb of Art 12(1) does
not really assist us in so far as the concept of equality is concerned – on
_what legal basis and on what legal criterion (or criteria)_ can the court
find that a particular person or group of persons has not been accorded
equality of treatment in relation to s 377A? Presumably, all those who fall
within the scope of s 377A would be considered to be “equal” before that
particular provision, but that would hardly be an argument which the
Appellants would want to rely upon. If the Appellants seek to argue that they
are not being accorded equal treatment because s 377A applies only to them
(_ie_ , Lim, Chee and Tan) and no other male homosexuals, that would be an
entirely separate and distinct argument which would require a separate
criterion (or set of criteria) for determining whether the Appellants’ Art
12(1) rights have indeed been violated.

74 What, then, about the second limb of Art 12(1), which states that “[a]ll
persons are … _entitled to the equal protection of the law_ ” [emphasis
added]? As in the case of the first limb, what does “the law” in this second
limb refer to? If it refers to _the law in general_ , then, likewise as in the
case of the first limb, the second limb would be no more than a _declaratory_
statement which is, by its very nature, self-evident. Alternatively, if the
phrase “the law” in the second limb of Art 12(1) refers to the impugned
statute (in the present appeals, s 377A), this would be of no assistance to
the Appellants since they are _not_ seeking equal _protection_ _under_ s 377A.
Indeed, what they desire is _quite different_ , in that what they are seeking
is _protection from_** _prosecution under_** s 377A.

75 It should be noted that Ms Barker, in her oral submissions before this
court, was of the view that the two aforementioned limbs of Art 12(1) ought to
be read as an integrated whole. We agree with this to the extent that the
second limb follows from the first. However, this does not preclude (for the
purposes of analytical clarity) the approach to the two limbs which has just
been set out.

Is there an additional test of illegitimacy?

76 We pause at this juncture to deal with the Judge’s observation in _Lim Meng
Suang_ that a statute can still be rendered unconstitutional _even if_ it
satisfies the “reasonable classification” test, _provided_ it can be
demonstrated that the _object_ of that statute is _illegitimate_ (at
[114]–[116]). Not surprisingly, the Appellants have endorsed this particular
proposition. We also note that counsel for the Respondent, Mr Aedit Abdullah
SC (“Mr Abdullah”), whilst not purporting to endorse this proposition _in
toto_ , indicated that he was willing (but only by way of a fallback argument)
to admit to a test of _unreasonableness_ along the lines embodied in this
court’s decision in _Yong Vui Kong_ (at [111]–[119]) and the seminal English
Court of Appeal decision of _Associated Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v
Wednesbury Corporation_ [1948] 1 KB 223 (“ _Wednesbury_ ”) (_cf_ _Lim Meng
Suang_ at [116]). We note, parenthetically, that there was no real elaboration
by Mr Abdullah with regard to the Respondent’s reliance on _Yong Vui Kong_ in
this connection. In so far as the test of unreasonableness in _Wednesbury_ is
concerned, Lord Greene MR (with whom Somervell LJ and Singleton J agreed)
described the requisite level of unreasonableness as involving (in the context
of administrative law) a decision or conclusion that was “so unreasonable that
no reasonable [public] authority could ever have come to it” (see _Wednesbury_
at 230 and 234). We would, with respect, _differ_ from _all_ these
aforementioned views. Let us elaborate.

77 It is important to commence our analysis in this regard by referring to a
fundamental proposition that constitutes part of the wider concept of the
separation of powers. Put simply, the courts are _separate and distinct from_
the legislature. More specifically, whilst the courts do “make” law, this is
only permissible in the context of the interpretation of statutes and the
development of the principles of common law and equity. It is _im_ permissible
for _the courts_ to arrogate to themselves _legislative powers_ – to become,
in other words, “ _mini-legislatures_ ”. This must necessarily be the case
because the courts have no mandate whatsoever to create or amend laws in a
manner which permits recourse to _extra-legal policy factors as well as
considerations_. The jurisdiction as well as the power to do so lie
exclusively within the sphere of _the legislature_. Indeed, the power of the
legislature to enact and amend laws is governed by quite a different
procedure. Hence, the duty of a court is to _interpret_ statutes enacted by
the legislature; it _cannot amend or modify statutes_ based on its own
personal preference or fiat as that would be an obvious (and unacceptable)
usurpation of the _legislative_ function.

78 The legislative powers which we have just discussed are different from the
court’s role in developing the law – a task which it frequently undertakes. As
already alluded to above, the courts do indeed develop the principles of
common law and equity. Indeed, as Lord Reid famously observed in an extra-
judicial lecture (see “The Judge As Law Maker” (1972–1973) 12 JSPTL (NS) 22 (“
_The Judge As Law Maker_ ”) at p 22):

There was a time when it was thought almost indecent to suggest that judges
make law – they only declare it. Those with a taste for fairy tales seem to
have thought that in some Aladdin’s cave there is hidden the Common Law in all
its splendour and that on a judge’s appointment there descends on him
knowledge of the magic words Open Sesame. Bad decisions are given when the
judge has muddled the pass word and the wrong door opens. But we do not
believe in fairy tales any more.

79 The process of such development is, however, _quite different_ from the
process of _legislative_ enactment or amendment of legislation, and is
effected through _development of case law_. In this regard, it should be noted
that _the legislature_ can _reject_ existing principles of common law and
equity. Put simply, the legislature can enact a statute _overruling_ an
existing principle of common law or equity if the legislature thinks it fit to
do so. However, absent such a situation, the courts can – and do – develop the
principles of common law and equity.

80 A paradigm example of this may be seen in the law of negligence, commencing
with the seminal House of Lords decision of _M’Alister (or Donoghue) (Pauper)
v Stevenson_ [1932] AC 562 (more commonly cited as “ _Donoghue v Stevenson_ ”
and referred to hereafter as “ _Donoghue_ ”). This decision effected a sea
change in this foundational area of the law of tort (see generally the
valuable background prior to this decision furnished in Edward H Levi, _An
Introduction to Legal Reasoning_ (University of Chicago Press, 1949), as well
as equally valuable background pertaining to the decision itself in Geoffrey
Lewis, _Lord Atkin_ (Butterworths, 1983; reprinted, Hart Publishing, 1999) at
pp 51–67; see also Matthew Chapman, _The Snail and the Ginger Beer: The
Singular Case of Donoghue v Stevenson_ (Wildy, Simmonds & Hill Publishing,
2009) and _The Juridical Review – Donoghue v Stevenson: The Paisley Papers_
(_Special Edition_) (2013)). Indeed, the law of negligence has developed even
further since _Donoghue_. For example, the House of Lords extended the law of
negligence to cover liability for negligent misstatements in its path-breaking
decision in _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd_ [1964] AC 465 (“
_Hedley Byrne_ ”). In this regard, and several years prior to the decision of
the House in _Hedley Byrne_ , Denning LJ (as he then was) adopted precisely
the legal position which was ultimately endorsed in _Hedley Byrne_ itself, but
found himself in a _minority_ in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Candler v Crane, Christmas & Co_ [1951] 2 KB 164 (“ _Candler v Crane_ ”).
Indeed, Denning LJ significantly referred in an extra-legal context to his
powerful dissenting judgment in _Candler v Crane_ as his “most important
judgment” (see Lord Denning’s “Foreword” to the inaugural volume of the
_Denning Law Journal_ ([1986] Denning LJ 1 at p 1)). In the course of
delivering his judgment in that case, Denning LJ drew a distinction (at 178)
between “timorous souls who were fearful of allowing a new cause of action”
and “bold spirits who were ready to allow it [_viz_ , a new cause of action]
if justice so required”. Indeed, the ultimate vindication by the House of
Lords in _Hedley Byrne_ of Denning LJ’s views in _Candler v Crane_ bears ample
testimony to the virtues of the courts being “bold spirits”. And something of
that spirit can be seen in the course of the development of the law of
negligence in countries where English law has been transplanted – as
witnessed, for example, in the decision of this court in _Spandeck Engineering
(S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (see
also generally the valuable survey as well as analysis in David Tan & Goh
Yihan, “The Promise of Universality – The _Spandeck_ Formulation Half a Decade
on” (2013) 25 SAcLJ 510).

81 The briefest of summaries of the development of the law of negligence set
out in the preceding paragraph is but one illustration not only of the nature
of the courts’ development of the principles of common law and equity, but
also (and more importantly in the context of the present appeals) of the fact
that the courts will not hesitate to develop the law _in appropriate
circumstances_ , taking on the nature of “bold spirits” in those circumstances
(indeed, Ms Barker herself _supported_ this particular point by citing
decisions of this court on the development of _the common law_ in her further
written reply submissions in an attempt to persuade this court to adopt a more
activist approach towards the interpretation of Art 12(1); the decisions which
she cited in this regard were _Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and
another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 and _Chandran a/l_ _Subbiah v Dockers Marine Pte
Ltd (Owners of the Ship or Vessel “Tasman Mariner”, third party)_ [2009] 3
SLR(R) 995). _However_ , in _other_ situations, the courts will necessarily be
more circumspect. This is especially the case with respect to matters which
are uniquely within the sphere of _the legislature_. Whilst, for example, a
court will not hesitate to _interpret_ a statute, it will _not – indeed,
cannot – amend or modify_ _a statute_ based on its own personal preference or
fiat (or even _its_ view of what _it thinks_ the relevant _extra-legal
considerations should be_) because (as already noted above at [77]) that would
be an obvious and unacceptable usurpation of the _legislative_ function.

82 Here, we come to the crux of the issue at hand. To permit the court the
power – _over and above_ its power of scrutinising legislation pursuant to
_the “reasonable classification” test –_ to declare a statute inconsistent
with Art 12(1) (and, therefore, unconstitutional under Art 4) because the
**_object_** of that statute is _illegitimate would precisely be to confer on
the court a licence to usurp the legislative function in the course of
becoming (or at least acting like) a “mini-legislature”_. Put another way,
_only the legislature has the power to review its own legislation and amend
legislation accordingly if it is of the view that this is necessary_. The
_courts_ , in contrast, have _no_ such power – _nor ought they to have such
power._

83 Indeed, to argue, as the Appellants seemed to do, that the court has the
duty to declare a statute unconstitutional if its object is “illegitimate”
_does not explain the legal basis upon which the court can find the object to
be illegitimate in the first place_. If the argument is that the object of the
statute is illegitimate because that object is unconstitutional, this would
lead to a circularity which, _ex hypothesi_ , lacks the requisite explanatory
as well as normative power. The courts are called upon – and ought – to be
“bold spirits”, _but_** _only_** _on_** _appropriate_** _occasions._ Put
simply, they _cannot_ claim to act as “bold spirits” _when they are in fact
acting outside their proper sphere of jurisdiction._ This point will become
particularly important in the analysis below – especially in the face of the
Appellants’ calls to this court to update the law on s 377A based purely on
_extra-legal arguments_ which are _appropriate only_ in the _legislative_
sphere. _Put simply but clearly, to permit the court to effectively amend (as
opposed to interpret) the law in this area would not only entail the court
acting beyond its jurisdiction, but also permit the Appellants to obtain by
the (judicial) backdoor what they ought to have sought to obtain by the
(legislative) front door._

84 That having been said, _an important qualification_ is in order at this
juncture. The important qualification is this: to the extent that there are
_serious flaws_ with regard to the _intelligibility_ of the differentia
embodied in a statute and/or a _clear disconnect_ between that differentia and
the purpose and object of the statute, the court will hold that the statute
does not pass legal muster under Art 12(1). _This may be viewed, in substance
at least, as introducing a limited_ _element of illegitimacy_ _which is
embodied in the “reasonable classification” test.__However, it is vitally
important to note that this element_ _of illegitimacy is_** _not_** _an
additional test over and above the “reasonable classification” test; it is_
,_instead, no more than an application of the “reasonable classification”
test._ The only _legal_ test for the purposes of Art 12(1) is the “reasonable
classification” test, and it is important to note that in applying this test,
the court would be applying a **_legal_** _test that is not based on extra-
legal considerations_ ,_but rather, one that is clearly within its remit as a
court of law_ _(as opposed to acting as if it were a “mini-legislature”)_.

85 Put simply, in determining the constitutionality of an impugned statute
under Art 12(1), there are _no legal standards_ which can guide the court in
ascertaining whether the object of that statute is illegitimate. In the nature
of things, any purported standards would be _extra-legal_ in nature. This
brings us back to the point just made – that _the legislature_ is the
appropriate forum to canvass the issue of whether or not the object of a
particular statute is illegitimate because the extra-legal standards pertinent
to such an issue would be quintessentially within the sphere of legislative
review.

86 At this juncture, we note (as mentioned above at [76]) that Mr Abdullah was
prepared (albeit only by way of a fallback position) to endorse the test in
_Wednesbury_. This particular test is premised on the concept of
_unreasonableness_. Whilst it does constitute a legal standard, it is not, in
our view, an appropriate legal standard in the context of a challenge to the
_constitutionality_ of a statute. More importantly, _even if_ the concept of
unreasonableness laid down in _Wednesbury_ were applicable, it would not aid
this court inasmuch as the present constitutional challenge to s 377A is
premised on _extra-legal_ arguments which, as we have already noted, are
quintessentially within the purview of _the legislature_. It also bears
reiterating what has just been alluded to above at [84] – _viz_ , that in
situations of _extreme illogicality and/or incoherence_ , the statute
concerned would probably _not_ be able to pass legal muster under one _or_
both limbs of _the “reasonable classification” test_ in any event. Indeed, in
such situations, the statute might possibly infringe _other_ Articles of the
Singapore Constitution as well (_cf_ also _Lim Meng Suang_ at [116]).

87 We note that Ms Barker cited _Report of the Constitutional Commission 1966_
(27 August 1966) (“the 1966 Report”), the report of the constitutional
commission chaired by the then Chief Justice Wee Chong Jin, to buttress her
argument that Art 12 _(1)_ ought to be invoked by this court (via a
declaration of s 377A’s unconstitutionality) in order to ensure that the
Appellants were accorded equality before the law. In particular, Ms Barker
referred to para 32 of the 1966 Report, which dealt with Art 8 of the then
Constitution of Malaysia (the equivalent of Singapore’s present Art 12) and
which stated as follows:

We deal now with Article 8 of the present Constitution of Malaysia. Having
regard to our Terms of Reference, our recommendations on the form and
substance that this Article should take and contain will constitute the very
core of our views on the whole problem of minority rights in Singapore. _In
the first place we deem it essential that the principle of equality before the
law and equal protection of the law for all persons should be clearly and
categorically laid down._**_Secondly, it should be no less clearly and
categorically laid down that there shall be_**** __no discrimination__**** _in
any law or in the effect of any law, except as expressly authorised by the
Constitution, against any citizen on the ground_**** __only__**** _of_****
__race, religion, place of birth__**** _or_**** __descent__****
_._****_Lastly, it should also be clearly and categorically laid down that
there shall be_**** __no discrimination__**** _in the administration of any
law, except as expressly authorised by the Constitution, against any person on
the ground_**** __only__**** _of_**** __race, religion, place of birth__****
_or_**** __descent__**. [emphasis added in italics, bold italics and
underlined bold italics]

88 Ms Barker relied on all the italicised words set out in the above quotation
to support the argument mentioned in the preceding paragraph. In our view, the
sentence “In the first place we deem it essential that the principle of
equality before the law and equal protection of the law for all persons should
be clearly and categorically laid down” is but _a paraphrase of_ the language
of Art 12(1) itself, and to that extent, is clearly declaratory and
aspirational in nature (see also below at [90]). For the reasons explained
above (at [73]–[74]), this particular sentence (like the words in Art 12(1))
does not really set out any concrete _legal_ principles which can guide the
courts, such as the “reasonable classification” test. Indeed, the “reasonable
classification” test itself was formulated by the courts, and it does (as we
have explained above) furnish the courts with particular _legal_ principles
that give effect (albeit not fully) to the concept of equality embodied in Art
12(1). Significantly, the last two sentences of para 32 of the 1966 Report,
which correspond to Art 12 _(2)_ , refer _specifically_ to the concept of “
_discrimination_ ” [emphasis added], albeit in the context of the proscription
of discrimination _on specific grounds_ (as opposed to a general proscription
of discrimination as such). Indeed, that the _specific and applicable
principles relating to the right to equality under the Singapore Constitution
are located in Art 12(2) – rather than Art 12(1) – is confirmed by the
following extract from the very next paragraph of the 1966 Report (_ viz _,
para 33)_ :

We consider, having regard to _the multi-racial, multi-cultural, multi-lingual
and multi-religious composition of the population of Singapore and of its
citizens_ , that **_the recommendations we have outlined in the preceding
paragraph_** will not only _form an impregnable shield against racial
communalism and religious bigotry as well as an effective weapon to wipe away
any fears the minorities may harbour concerning discriminatory treatment but
will also lay a firm and lasting foundation on which to build a democratic,
equal and just multi-racial society in Singapore_. … [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

Read in its proper context, the reference to “recommendations” in the extract
just quoted is clearly a reference to the principles embodied in Art 12 _(2)_
, and _not_ Art 12 _(1)_.

89 This would be an appropriate point to turn to a consideration of the legal
relationship between Art 12(1) and Art 12(2).

The legal relationship between Art 12(1) and Art 12(2)

Art 12(1) and Art 12(2) read inter se

90 To recapitulate, the analysis proffered above at [73]–[74] is that Art 12
_(1)_ appears to be more of a _declaratory (as well as aspirational) statement
of principles_ , as opposed to a set of specific legal criteria as such. This
is, perhaps, not surprising as Art 12(1) is framed at _a very general level_.
Indeed, as alluded to in the analysis proffered above, the two limbs of Art
12(1) are both logically and intuitively attractive, and their content would
not be something that a reasonable and fair-minded person would seriously
controvert. However, it is perhaps precisely because Art 12(1) is framed at
such a general level that it does not furnish the _specific_ legal criteria
which can guide the courts in determining, in specific fact situations,
whether a particular statute violates Art 12. That having been said, it bears
reiterating that any statute _must_ nevertheless pass (threshold) muster under
the _“reasonable classification” test_ before it can be found to be consistent
with Art 12. More importantly, we emphasise that what we have just said (about
the lack of specific legal criteria in Art 12(1)) does _not_ mean that there
are no specific legal criteria which can guide the court in specific fact
situations. On the contrary, _in addition_ to the _“reasonable classification”
test_ , Art 12 _(2)_ furnishes specific as well as concrete legal criteria
which ensure that any statute which is _discriminatory within the scope and
meaning of Art 12(2)_ (and, hence, contravenes the concept of equality
embodied in Art 12) will, pursuant to Art 4, be void to the extent of such
contravention and inconsistency. On a practical level, parties are free to
challenge the constitutionality of a statute under Art 12(1) or Art 12(2) or,
indeed, under both provisions (as was the case here). The court’s decision on
the constitutionality (or otherwise) of the impugned statute would ultimately
depend on the particular facts and circumstances of the case.

91 Article 12(2) (also set out earlier at [55] above) reads as follows:

(2) _Except as expressly authorised by this Constitution_ , there **_shall_**
_be_** _no_**** __discrimination__** _against_** _citizens of Singapore_** _on
the ground_** __only__** of **_religion_** , **_race_** , **_descent_**
__or__** _place of birth in any_**** __law__** __or__ in **_the appointment to
any office or employment under a public authority_** __or__ in **_the
administration of any law relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition
of property_** __or__** _the establishing or carrying on of any trade,
business, profession, vocation or employment_**. [emphasis added in italics,
underlined italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

92 It can immediately be seen that Art 12(2) furnishes _specific legal
criteria as to what constitutes discrimination and_ _is therefore prohibited
from a constitutional perspective_. In many ways, the approach adopted in Art
12(2) is more structured and principled compared to the approach under open-
ended constitutional provisions in some other jurisdictions that place the
courts in the unenviable position of being (in effect) “mini-legislatures” of
sorts. It is also noteworthy (indeed, crucial, in so far as the present
appeals are concerned) that within the prohibited grounds of discrimination
delineated in Art 12(2), there is _no reference to “sex”, “sexual orientation”
or “gender”_. This is not surprising. Not all Constitutions will be exactly
the same. Each Constitution is supposed to reflect the social mores of the
society which it emanates from. It is true that such social mores can – and
often will – change over time. However, there is nothing precluding a
legislature from _amending_ the Constitution accordingly. In the Singapore
context, the provision governing amendment of the Singapore Constitution is
Art 5(2), which states:

A Bill seeking to amend any provision in this Constitution shall not be passed
by Parliament unless it has been supported on Second and Third Readings by the
votes of not less than two-thirds of the total number of the elected Members
of Parliament.

An amendment of the Singapore Constitution is obviously _beyond_ the remit of
our courts. It is nevertheless important to emphasise that the possibility of
constitutional amendment just referred to furnishes our Parliament with _the
necessary flexibility to ensure that the Singapore Constitution reflects
the_** _prevailing_** _social mores as well as aspirations of Singapore
society._

93 Before proceeding to consider some other constitutional provisions in a
comparative context, we ought to briefly address a further argument by Ms
Barker based on the fact that Art 12(2) applies _only_ to _citizens of
Singapore_. She argued that in contrast, Art 12(1) was framed more broadly to
apply to “ _[a]ll_ persons” [emphasis added], and hence (citing the paragraph
of the 1966 Report quoted above at [87]), Art 12(1) ought to be given an
_expansive_ interpretation that goes _beyond_ the “reasonable classification”
test so as to accord equal protection to all persons. _However_ , that brings
us back full circle to the difficulties outlined above (especially at [77]) to
the effect that the courts would then become “mini-legislatures”. Indeed, the
argument proffered by Ms Barker is a double-edged legal sword inasmuch as if
Art 12(1) could be construed and applied in the broad manner which she
suggested, why, then, was it necessary to promulgate Art 12 _(2)_? After all,
taking the broad approach canvassed by Ms Barker, every prohibited ground of
discrimination referred to in Art 12(2) would _necessarily_ be _subsumed_
under Art 12(1) and Art 12(2) would then be rendered redundant. _In any event,
nothing in this particular argument by Ms Barker impacts the respective cases
of not only her clients but also Mr Ravi’s client inasmuch as all the
Appellants are citizens of Singapore_. Be that as it may, it also bears
emphasising that even though we do not accept Ms Barker’s argument that an
expansive interpretation should be given to Art 12(1), this does _not_ mean
that _non_ -citizens are _without any rights_. They have rights under Art
12(1), in that they can avail themselves of _the “reasonable classification”
test_. Indeed, it can be said that _this is the general legal position in any
event_. It should also be borne in mind that non-citizens are also entitled to
other specific fundamental rights under the Singapore Constitution, some of
which are set out in the next paragraph.

94 It is also not – in principle – unfair that _citizens of Singapore_ are
given _further (and entrenched) rights under Art 12(2)_. Indeed, there are
other fundamental rights in Pt IV of the Singapore Constitution which _only
citizens of Singapore_ can avail themselves of (see, for example, Art 13 in
relation to the prohibition of banishment and the right to freedom of
movement; Art 14 in relation to the right of freedom of speech, assembly and
association (see also the decision of this court in _Review Publishing Co_ at
[254] and [257]); and Art 16(1) in relation to rights in respect of
education). However, there are also many other Articles in Pt IV of the
Singapore Constitution which (probably because they impact _any_ person in
_the most fundamental_ manner) apply to _all_ persons (see, for example, Arts
9(1)–9(4) in relation to liberty of the person; Art 10(1) in relation to the
prohibition of slavery and forced labour; Art 11 in relation to protection
against retrospective criminal laws and repeated trials; and Art 15 in
relation to freedom of religion). In any event, the question of whether or not
_non-_ citizens should be given similar rights as citizens of Singapore in the
present context, whether with respect to some or all of the prohibited grounds
of discrimination set out in Art 12(2) (or, albeit less probably, outside Art
12(2)) is obviously something beyond the remit of the courts, and, as already
mentioned, is in any event irrelevant on the facts of the present appeals.

Comparative constitutional provisions

(1) Constitutional provisions which make express reference to “sex”, “sexual
orientation” and/or “gender”

95 It is instructive, in our view, that in _contrast to_ _Art 12(2)_ , there
are constitutional provisions from other jurisdictions which _expressly
prohibit discrimination on the grounds of “sex”, “sexual orientation” or
“gender” (or a combination thereof)_.

96 One example is Art 8(2) of the Malaysian Constitution. The material part of
Malaysia’s Art 8 reads as follows:

**Equality**

**8.** (1) All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal
protection of the law.

(2) Except as expressly authorized by this Constitution, there shall be no
discrimination against _citizens_ on the ground only of religion, race,
descent, place of birth or **_gender_** in any law or in the appointment to
any office or employment under a public authority or in the administration of
any law relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition of property or the
establishing or carrying on of any trade, business, profession, vocation or
employment.

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

97 Turning to the Indian Constitution, which prohibits discrimination on the
grounds of (_inter alia_) sex, the relevant Articles on the right to equality
read as follows:

_Right to equality_

**14\. Equality before law.** —The State shall not deny to any person equality
before the law or the equal protection of the laws within the territory of
India.

**15\. Prohibition of discrimination on grounds of religion, race, caste**
,**__sex__****or place of birth.** —(1) The State shall not discriminate
against _any citizen_ on grounds only of religion, race, caste, **_sex_** ,
place of birth or any of them.

(2) No citizen shall, on grounds only of religion, race, caste, **_sex_** ,
place of birth or any of them, be subject to any disability, liability,
restriction or condition with regard to—

(_a_) access to shops, public restaurants, hotels and places of public
entertainment; or

(_b_) the use of wells, tanks, bathing ghats, roads and places of public
resort maintained wholly or partly out of State funds or dedicated to the use
of the general public.

(3) Nothing in this article shall prevent the State from making any special
provision for women and children.

(4) Nothing in this article or in clause (2) of article 29 shall prevent the
State from making any special provision for the advancement of any socially
and educationally backward classes of citizens or for the Scheduled Castes and
the Scheduled Tribes.

(5) Nothing in this article or in sub-clause (g) of clause (1) of article 19
shall prevent the State from making any special provision, by law, for the
advancement of any socially and educationally backward classes of citizens or
for the Scheduled Castes or the Scheduled Tribes in so far as such special
provisions relate to their admission to educational institutions including
private educational institutions, whether aided or unaided by the State, other
than the minority educational institutions referred to in clause (1) of
article 30.

**16\. Equality of opportunity in matters of public employment.** —(1) There
shall be equality of opportunity for all citizens in matters relating to
employment or appointment to any office under the State.

(2)  _No citizen_ shall, on grounds only of religion, race, caste, **_sex_** ,
descent, place of birth, residence or any of them, be ineligible for, or
discriminated against in respect of, any employment or office under the State.

(3) Nothing in this article shall prevent Parliament from making any law
prescribing, in regard to a class or classes of employment or appointment to
an office under the Government of, or any local or other authority within, a
State or Union territory, any requirement as to residence within that State or
Union territory prior to such employment or appointment.

(4) Nothing in this article shall prevent the State from making any provision
for the reservation of appointments or posts in favour of any backward class
of citizens which, in the opinion of the State, is not adequately represented
in the services under the State.

(4A) Nothing in this article shall prevent the State from making any provision
for reservation in matters of promotion, with consequential seniority, to any
class or classes of posts in the services under the State in favour of the
Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes which, in the opinion of the State,
are not adequately represented in the services under the State.

…

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

98 Section 15 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms likewise contains
an express prohibition of discrimination on the grounds of (_inter alia_)
“sex”, as follows:

**15.** (1) Every individual is equal before and under the law and has the
right to the equal protection and equal benefit of the law without
discrimination and, in particular, without discrimination based on race,
national or ethnic origin, colour, religion, **_sex_** , age or mental or
physical disability.

(2) Subsection (1) does not preclude any law, program or activity that has as
its object the amelioration of conditions of disadvantaged individuals or
groups including those that are disadvantaged because of race, national or
ethnic origin, colour, religion, **_sex_** , age or mental or physical
disability.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

99 Finally, to take just one more (and even clearer) illustration, s 9 of ch 2
of the Constitution of South Africa, which prohibits discrimination on the
grounds of (_inter alia_) gender, sex _and_ sexual orientation, reads as
follows:

**9\. Equality.** —(1) Everyone is equal before the law and has the right to
equal protection and benefit of the law.

(2) Equality includes the full and equal enjoyment of all rights and freedoms.
To promote the achievement of equality, legislative and other measures
designed to protect or advance persons, or categories of persons,
disadvantaged by unfair discrimination may be taken.

(3) The state may not unfairly discriminate directly or indirectly against
anyone on one or more grounds, including race, **_gender_** , **_sex_** ,
pregnancy, marital status, ethnic or social origin, colour, **_sexual
orientation_** , age, disability, religion, conscience, belief, culture,
language and birth.

(4) No person may unfairly discriminate directly or indirectly against anyone
on one or more grounds in terms of subsection (3). National legislation must
be enacted to prevent or prohibit unfair discrimination.

(5) Discrimination on one or more of the grounds listed in subsection (3) is
unfair unless it is established that the discrimination is fair.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

(2) Open-ended constitutional provisions

100 As mentioned above at [92], there are, in contrast, _other_ jurisdictions
where the corresponding constitutional provision on the right to equality is
_open-ended_. The paradigm example is the US Constitution _–_ in particular,
the Fourteenth Amendment, which reads as follows:

AMENDMENT XIV

SECTION 1.

All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the
jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State
wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor
shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due
process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws.

…

101 It can be seen that the provision just quoted in the preceding paragraph
is open-ended inasmuch as _it does not contain any equivalent of Art 12(2)_.
Not surprisingly, therefore, the US courts (in particular, the US Supreme
Court) have taken the view that different grounds of discrimination will
attract different levels of scrutiny, with the legal principles applicable to
the different grounds to be enunciated and developed through _case law_. Had,
in fact, the Fourteenth Amendment to the US Constitution contained a provision
which was _equivalent to our Art 12(2)_ , the position might have been quite
different. We pause to observe, parenthetically, that an open-ended provision
on the right to equality in a Constitution brings problems and difficulties of
its own. How, for example, is the court to decide _which particular ground_ of
discrimination ought to come within the ambit of that provision? There is
every danger that the court could end up acting like a “mini-legislature”.
Indeed, it might have _no choice_ but to do so, except, perhaps, in the
clearest instances (which would, _ex hypothesi_ , have the endorsement of at
least the majority of the population in that particular jurisdiction, although
there would be very real and practical difficulties in the _court’s_ ability
to ascertain the existence of such endorsement in the first place).

A brief summary of our analysis thus far

102 A brief summary at this juncture is apposite, but it should be read and
understood in conjunction with the detailed analysis proffered above:

(a) The “reasonable classification” test is the applicable test in Singapore
for determining the constitutionality of a statute under Art 12(1). It is a
_threshold_ test inasmuch as a failure to satisfy it (by satisfying both Limb
(a) _and_ Limb (b) of the test) will result in the statute concerned being
rendered void _without_ the court even having to _directly_ engage the concept
of equality as such. This is because the statute concerned would be so
illogical and/or incoherent that, _ex hypothesi_ , it cannot possibly even
begin to satisfy the concept of equality embodied in Art 12(1). To that
extent, the “reasonable classification” test contains substantive elements
which impact the concept of equality itself.

(b) Article 12 _(1)_ is more declaratory and aspirational in nature. However,
as stated at sub-para (a) above, any statute which does not satisfy the
“reasonable classification” test will necessarily be in contravention of Art
12(1).

(c) To the extent that both limbs of the “reasonable classification” test
embody the requirements of logic and/or coherence, it can be said that a
statute is _illegitimate_ if and to the extent that either or both of these
requirements is _not_ satisfied because the statute fails to pass muster under
one or both of the limbs of the “reasonable classification” test. For the
avoidance of doubt, it should be emphasised that there is _no further_ test of
_illegitimacy_ (_vis-à-vis_ the object of the impugned statute) for the
detailed reasons set out in this judgment.

(d) Article 12 _(2)_ prohibits _specific_ grounds of discrimination, which are
the _only_ grounds of discrimination that are proscribed under the Singapore
Constitution. Any discrimination (albeit only) on any of the grounds stated in
Art 12(2) will render the statute concerned void pursuant to Art 4 to the
extent of the inconsistency with Art 12(2). Article 12(2) sets out a
structured and principled approach to the right to equality, as compared to
constitutional provisions in other jurisdictions which are more open-ended and
which might therefore vest too much “legislative” power in the courts.
Although only specific grounds of discrimination are prohibited under Art
12(2), the necessary flexibility to include additional prohibited grounds of
discrimination exists inasmuch as Art 12(2) can be amended by the Singapore
Parliament (pursuant to Art 5 of the Singapore Constitution) in order to
reflect the prevailing social mores as well as aspirations of Singapore
society at any given point in time. Whilst Art 12(2) applies only to citizens
of Singapore, non-citizens are nevertheless still accorded protection under
Art 12(1) pursuant to the “reasonable classification” test.

103 Let us now turn to _apply_ the principles set out above to the facts of
the present appeals.

Our decision on whether s 377A violates Art 12(1)

Our approach

104 As already mentioned earlier, the “reasonable classification” test must
necessarily be the first legal port of call. This court must also consider
whether or not the facts of the present appeals fall (more specifically)
within Art  _12(2). However_ , before proceeding to examine these two issues,
there is a significant preliminary issue that needs to be considered: is there
(as the Respondent argues and, not surprisingly, the Appellants refute) a
_presumption of constitutionality_ where s 377A is concerned, given the fact
that it was promulgated during _colonial_ times when, _ex hypothesi_ , there
was (at least literally speaking) no Constitution in existence in Singapore?

Is there a presumption of constitutionality?

105 As alluded to above, the Appellants argue that the Respondent cannot rely
on a presumption of constitutionality in so far as the legal status of s 377A
is concerned. In particular, they point to the fact that s 377A was enacted at
a point in time when there was _no Constitution_ _in existence_ in Singapore.
In doing so, they draw a distinction between laws enacted before Singapore
became an independent sovereign State on 9 August 1965 (“pre-Independence
laws”) and laws enacted thereafter (“post-Independence laws”).

106 The difficulty with the aforesaid distinction is that whilst there was
(literally speaking) no Constitution in existence in Singapore at the time
pre-Independence laws were promulgated, these laws nevertheless constitute
part of the corpus of Singapore law. In this regard, Art 162 of the Singapore
Constitution (“Art 162”), which provides for the continuation of existing
laws, might be usefully noted:

**Existing laws**

**162**. Subject to this Article, all existing laws shall continue in force on
and after the commencement of this Constitution and all laws which have not
been brought into force by the date of the commencement of this Constitution
may, subject as aforesaid, be brought into force on or after its commencement,
but all such laws shall, subject to this Article, be construed as from the
commencement of this Constitution with such modifications, adaptations,
qualifications and exceptions as may be necessary to bring them into
conformity with this Constitution.

Looked at in this light, it is difficult to regard pre-Independence laws as
being somehow “inferior” to post-Independence laws inasmuch as the former were
promulgated during colonial times. Whilst there was some discussion as to
whether or not Art 162 had a substantive (as opposed to a merely technical
(including linguistic)) effect in so far as the words “modifications,
adaptations, qualifications and exceptions” were concerned, this does not
detract from the fact that pre-Independence laws do in fact constitute part of
the corpus of Singapore law. If any of these laws is alleged to be
unconstitutional, that will have to be determined (as in the present appeals)
by the courts in accordance with the relevant constitutional rules and
principles.

107 Mr Abdullah accepted (correctly, in our view) that whilst the presumption
of constitutionality ought to still operate even in relation to pre-
Independence laws, the presumption might not, in the nature of things, operate
as strongly as it would compared to post-Independence laws (which would
necessarily have been promulgated in the context of, _inter alia_ , an elected
legislature which, it can be assumed, would have fully considered all views
before enacting the (post-Independence) laws concerned). As mentioned in the
preceding paragraph, it would, in our view, be too artificial and too extreme
to discard the presumption of constitutionality altogether in so far as pre-
Independence laws are concerned. The approach advocated by Mr Abdullah
represents a viable middle-ground which avoids throwing out the baby together
with the bathwater. Indeed, when viewed from a practical perspective, the
court, in applying the presumption of constitutionality, will always have
regard to all the circumstances of the case (including both the relevant text
_as well as_ the context of the statute concerned).

108 To summarise, whilst the presumption of constitutionality applies in the
context of the present appeals, this is subject to the precise facts and
circumstances which we shall be considering in due course. Let us now turn to
the application of the “reasonable classification” test to s 377A.

Application of the “reasonable classification” test to s 377A

109 As mentioned earlier at (_inter alia_) [60] above, the “reasonable
classification” test comprises two limbs, both of which must be satisfied
before the test is satisfied. To recapitulate (albeit in the briefest of
terms), Limb (a) requires the classification prescribed by the statute
concerned to be founded on an intelligible differentia, while Limb (b)
requires a rational relation between that differentia and the object sought to
be achieved by the statute.

(1) Is the classification prescribed by s 377A based on an intelligible
differentia?

110 As already noted above (at [23]), the Judge held in _Lim Meng Suang_ that
it was clear that the classification prescribed by s 377A was based on an
intelligible differentia inasmuch as there was little difficulty in
determining who fell within and without the provision. In his view (see _Lim
Meng Suang_ at [47]–[48]):

47 The First Limb requires that the classification prescribed by the impugned
legislation must be based on an intelligible differentia. “Intelligible” means
something that may be understood or is capable of being apprehended by the
intellect or understanding, as opposed to by the senses. “Differentia” is used
in the sense of a distinguishing mark or character, some attribute or feature
by which one is distinguished from all others. Scientifically, one talks of an
attribute by which a species is distinguished from all other species of the
same genus.

48 Applying this to the present case, it is quite clear that the
classification prescribed by s 377A – _viz_ , male homosexuals or bisexual
males who perform acts of “gross indecency” on another male – is based on an
intelligible differentia. It is also clear from the differentia in s 377A that
the section excludes male-female acts and female-female acts. There is little
difficulty identifying who falls within this classification and who does not.
The Court of Appeal seemed to say as much in _Tan Eng Hong [(standing)]_ at
[125]–[126]. In my view, the First Limb is satisfied and few can cavil with
this conclusion.

111 We agree with the Judge and his reasoning as set out in the preceding
paragraph. Indeed, the intense controversy surrounding the debate on s 377A in
the extra-legal sphere in general and during the parliamentary debates in
October 2007 on proposed changes to the revised edition of the Penal Code then
in force (_ie_ , the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 Penal
Code”)) in particular demonstrate that the differentia embodied in s 377A,
whilst _controversial_ , is _not unintelligible_. Put simply, if the very
elements of s 377A were _illogical and/or incoherent to begin with, there
would have been no basis upon which the parties on each side of this cavernous
divide could have joined issue in the first place._ Indeed, the controversy
relates more to _extra-legal_ arguments that are relevant to the debate as
well as the decision in the _legislative_ sphere (on whether s 377A should be
retained in our statute books or repealed).

112 Mr Ravi argued that the differentia embodied in s 377A was _not_
intelligible because it was discriminatory inasmuch as it discriminated
between male homosexuals on the one hand and female homosexuals on the other.
He also utilised (as did Ms Barker), in oral arguments, the analogy of a law
banning all women from driving on the roads.

113 With respect, Mr Ravi has _conflated_ the “reasonable classification” test
(in particular, the first limb thereof, which is the focus of the present
analysis) on the one hand and the issue of whether or not there has been
discrimination on the other. Put simply, the latter issue (_viz_ , whether or
not there has been discrimination) has been merged with the first limb of the
“reasonable classification” test. It will be recalled that the “reasonable
classification” test is only a _threshold_ test (see above at, _inter alia_ ,
[61]–[62]). As we have already explained, this does not mean that the test is
merely technical or mechanistic; instead, it does, to some extent, impact the
concept of equality in Art 12 itself (see above at [62] and [71]). Indeed, the
“reasonable classification” test, in embodying the requirements of logic
and/or coherence, also introduces (to _that_ extent) a limited element of
_legitimacy_ , although it has been emphasised above (at [84]–[85]) that there
is _no further_ test of _illegitimacy_ (_vis-à-vis_ the object of the impugned
statute) as such. Looked at in this light, the differentia embodied in s 377A
is both logical and coherent. Mr Ravi obviously begs to differ. However, this
difference in view is premised on _substantive criteria that lie outside the
scope of the “reasonable classification” test altogether._ In the _Singapore_
context, these substantive criteria lie, instead, within the purview of Art 12
_(2)_ (see above at [92]). Put simply, contrary to what Mr Ravi appeared to
suggest, the “reasonable classification test” is _not_ the only (and
definitive) test for determining whether the right to equality under Art 12 as
a whole has been violated. This is because even if an impugned statute passes
legal muster under the “reasonable classification” test for the purposes of
Art 12(1), it will _also_ have to pass legal muster under Art 12(2). As we
shall show below (at [181]–[182]), s 377A not only passes legal muster under
the “reasonable classification” test, but _also_ does _not_ run foul of Art
12(2) for the simple reason that Art 12(2) does _not_ address or encompass the
subject matter of s 377A.

114 Similar reasoning to that set out in the preceding paragraph would apply
to Mr Ravi’s and Ms Barker’s arguments (by analogy) with respect to a law
which bans all women from driving on the roads. We would observe,
parenthetically, that, in any event, such a law is an extreme provision which
would probably not be enacted by a reasonable Parliament in the Singapore
context. That having been said, anything is, of course, possible. Should such
a law indeed be passed by the Singapore Parliament, there would, in our view,
be at least an arguable case that that law would not pass legal muster under
the “reasonable classification” test. The differentia embodied in that law
might, arguably, be illogical and/or incoherent for the purposes of the first
limb (_ie_ , Limb (a)) of the “reasonable classification” test. Further, as
pointed out above, there is also a second limb (_ie_ , Limb (b)) of the
“reasonable classification” test which must be satisfied, Limb (a) and Limb
(b) being consecutive and _cumulative_ aspects of the test. Looked at in this
light, it is at least arguable that there might _not_ be a rational relation
between the differentia embodied in the aforementioned law on the one hand and
the purpose and object of that law on the other – unless the purpose and
object of that law is precisely to ban all women from driving. However, if
that is indeed the case, we would come back full circle, so to speak, to the
issue (just mentioned) of whether or not the differentia (as identified under
the first limb of the “reasonable classification” test) is illogical and/or
incoherent. _No_ such circularity arises on the facts of the present appeals.

115 We turn now to the next (and closely-related) issue of whether or not the
second limb of the “reasonable classification” test has been satisfied on the
facts of the present appeals, _viz_ , is there a rational relation between the
differentia embodied in s 377A and the purpose and object of that provision?

(2) Is there a rational relation between the differentia embodied in s 377A
and the purpose and object of the provision?

(A) What is the purpose and object of s 377A?

116 Although this particular question of the purpose and object of s 377A did
not appear to pose a problem in the court below and, indeed, before this court
(at least for the initial part of the parties’ oral submissions), it does not
– for the reasons set out below – admit of that clear an answer.

(I) The English origins of s 377A

117 Section 377A is based on s 11 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885 (c
69) (UK) (“the 1885 UK Act”), which is more commonly known as “the Labouchere
Amendment” (as it was introduced by Mr Henry Labouchere). This court has, in
_Tan Eng Hong (standing)_ , dealt with the historical backdrop to both the UK
and the local positions in some detail. Suffice it to state that the precise
origins of s 11 of the 1885 UK Act (“the UK s 11”) are none too clear – a
point also acknowledged by the Judge in the court below (see _Lim Meng Suang_
at [64]). Put briefly, the UK s 11 was introduced at, literally, the eleventh
hour, and had nothing to do with the main thrust of the 1885 UK Act itself. It
is therefore not surprising that there was no debate in the UK Parliament on
this particular provision before enacting it. This merely adds to the mystery
surrounding its origins and, more importantly, its purpose and object.

(II) The introduction of s 377A into the Straits Settlements in 1938

118 What, then, of s 377A? Although it was (as already mentioned) based on the
UK s 11, it was introduced into our Penal Code only in 1938 – some _53 years
after the inception of its original counterpart in the UK._ The UK s 11 was
introduced into the Straits Settlements in the form of s 377A of the Penal
Code (Cap 20, 1936 Rev Ed) (“the 1936 Penal Code”) via s 3 of the Penal Code
(Amendment) Ordinance 1938 (No 12 of 1938) (“the 1938 Penal Code Amendment
Ordinance”). Whilst an immediate response might, notwithstanding the
substantial lapse of time just referred to, be to assume that the purpose and
object of s 377A was the same as that of the UK s 11, an equally immediate
problem is that the purpose and object of the latter provision was _unclear to
begin with_. In this last-mentioned regard, it appears that it has merely been
_assumed_ that the purpose and object of the UK s 11 was _coterminous with the
general language contained therein_. This is not the most enlightened of
approaches in so far as ascertaining the purpose and object of a statutory
provision is concerned, but it might, in the circumstances, have been the only
viable way forward. That having been said, it _does not logically follow that
the purpose and object of s 377A would necessarily be the same as that of the
UK s 11 – especially when we take into account the fact (already mentioned)
that s 377A was enacted some 53 years after the latter provision._
Unfortunately, what _objective_ evidence we have on the purpose and object of
s 377A is _itself unclear_. Let us elaborate.

(III) The Attorney-General’s speech before the Straits Settlements Legislative
Council

119 The starting point is the following brief paragraph by the then Attorney-
General, Mr C G Howell (“Mr Howell”), in his speech when introducing the Penal
Code (Amendment) Bill 1938 (“the 1938 Penal Code Amendment Bill”) in the
Straits Settlements Legislative Council (that Bill was later enacted as the
1938 Penal Code Amendment Ordinance). Mr Howell stated as follows (see
_Proceedings of the Legislative Council of the Straits Settlements_ (“
_Proceedings_ ”) (13 June 1938) at p B49):

With regard to clause 4 [later enacted as s 3 of the 1938 Penal Code Amendment
Ordinance, which introduced s 377A into our Penal Code] it is _unfortunately
the case that_**acts of the nature described** _have been brought to notice_.
_As the law now stands_ , **_such acts_** can **_only_** _be dealt with_ , _if
at all_ , under **__the Minor Offences Ordinance__** , _and_ _then only if
committed_** __in public__**. **_Punishment_** _under_** _the Ordinance_**
_is_** _inadequate_**** __and__****the chances of detection are small** _. It
is desired, therefore, to_**strengthen the law**** __and__** to **__bring it
into line with the English Criminal Law__** , **__from which this clause is
taken__** , **__and__** the law of **__various other parts of the Colonial
Empire__** of which it is only necessary to mention **__Hong Kong and
Gibraltar__**** _where conditions are_**** __somewhat similar to our own__**.
[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

120 Whilst Mr Howell’s statement (as quoted in the preceding paragraph) is
brief, it is (as we shall see) extremely cryptic. It is, in fact, pregnant
with meaning, and (as we shall elaborate upon below) the difficulty lies in
ascertaining the precise meaning which Mr Howell intended. Before proceeding
to do so, it is appropriate to set out other historical documentation which
might be of relevance to the present inquiry into the purpose and object of s
377A.

(IV) The Objects and Reasons accompanying the 1938 Penal Code Amendment Bill

121 We turn, first, to the “Objects and Reasons” which accompanied the 1938
Penal Code Amendment Bill (“the _Objects and Reasons_ ”). The material part of
the _Objects and Reasons_ reads as follows (see _Proceedings_ (25 April 1938)
at p C81):

Clause 4 introduces a new section _based on section 11 of the Criminal Law
Amendment Act 1885_ (48 and 49 Vict. c. 69). _The section makes punishable_**
_acts_** _of_** _gross indecency_** _between_** _male_** _persons_** _which do
not amount to an unnatural offence within the meaning of_**** __section 377 of
the [1936 Penal] Code__**. [emphasis added in italics, bold italics and
underlined bold italics]

(V) Important questions raised

122 At this particular juncture, _an extremely important point should be
noted: whilst Mr Howell referred to the need to supplement the Minor Offences
Ordinance 1906 (No 13 of 1906)_ (“the 1906 Minor Offences Ordinance”) _in his
speech to the Straits Settlements Legislative Council_ (see above at [119]),
_the_ Objects and Reasons _referred, instead, to the need to supplement s 377
of the 1936 Penal Code._ (For ease of discussion, we shall hereafter use the
term “s 377” to denote not only s 377 of the 1936 Penal Code, but also, where
appropriate to the context, its successor provisions up to the time s 377 of
the 1985 Penal Code was repealed by the Singapore Parliament via the Penal
Code (Amendment) Act 2007 (Act 51 of 2007) (“the 2007 Penal Code Amendment
Act”).) Why are there references to _different_ statutes? More importantly, is
there an _inconsistency_ , _or_ is the inconsistency more _apparent_ than
real? On a related note, _both_ Mr Howell’s speech to the Straits Settlements
Legislative Council (referred to hereafter as “Mr Howell’s Legislative Council
speech” where appropriate to the context) _as well as_ the _Objects and
Reasons_ referred to the fact that s 377A was based on _English law_ (_ie_ ,
_the UK_ _s 11_). What is the significance, if any, of this last-mentioned
reference to English law? Before attempting to answer these questions, we
shall continue to set out the rest of the historical documentation that might
be relevant to the present inquiry.

(VI) Other relevant historical documentation

(a)Colonial Office correspondence

123 There is Colonial Office correspondence relating to the 1938 Penal Code
Amendment Ordinance, which was sent _after_ the enactment of that Ordinance
(the Ordinance was assented to by the Governor and Commander-in-Chief on 2
July 1938 and came into effect on 8 July 1938). The first piece of
correspondence (from the UK Public Record Office, Colonial Office Series 273)
is a cover letter dated 13 July 1938 from the Deputy of the Governor of the
Straits Settlements, the material part of which reads as follows:

Sir,

I have the honour to forward herewith Ordinance No.12 of 1938, entitled “An
Ordinance to amend the Penal Code (Chapter 20 of the Revised Edition)”,
together with the Attorney-General’s certificate _and_** _report_** _on the
Ordinance_.

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

124 What is interesting in the aforesaid cover letter is the reference to the
enclosed “ _report_ ” [emphasis added], which was entitled “Report on an
Ordinance to amend the Penal Code (Chapter 20 of the Revised Edition). (No. 12
of 1938)” and dated 21 June 1938 (“the June 1938 Report”). The relevant part
of that report (relating to the introduction of s 377A) reads as follows:

Section 3 [of the 1938 Penal Code Amendment Ordinance] introduces a new
section _based on section 11 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885 (48 and 49
Vict. c. 69). The section makes punishable_** _acts_** _of_** _gross
indecency_** _between_** _male_** _persons_** _which do not amount to an
unnatural offence within the meaning of_**** __section 377 of the [1936 Penal]
Code__**. [emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold
italics]

It will be noticed that the extract just quoted is _virtually identical_ to
the relevant part of the _Objects and Reasons_ set out above (at [121]), and
is, correspondingly, _different from_ Mr Howell’s Legislative Council speech
(which refers, instead, to the need to supplement _the 1906 Minor Offences
Ordinance_).

(b)Annual Reports on the Organisation and Administration of the Straits
Settlements Police and on the State of Crime

125 Of possible relevance, too, are some extracts from the _Annual Report on
the Organisation and Administration of the Straits Settlements Police and on
the State of Crime_ (“the _Annual Report_ ”) for the years 1936 to 1938. In
particular, reference may be made to the _Annual Report_ for the year 1936 at
para 40, where it is stated as follows:

Prostitutes are no longer to be found soliciting in numbers on street parades;
they find it more profitable to go to amusement parks, cafes, dancing places
and, generally speaking, no exception can be taken to their behaviour.
_Singapore, a port and a town combined, is not free from the very low type of
prostitute_. The lewd activities of these have been sternly suppressed.
**_Male prostitution_** was **_also_** _kept in check_ , **_as and when
encountered_**. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

126 Reference may also be made to the _Annual Report_ for the year 1937 at
para 36 as well as paras 38–39, where it is stated thus:

**_Public Morals_**

36\. The Police took action to suppress the old type of brothel (a keeper and
several women) and have prevented as far as it has been possible the
establishment of the new type–two or more women living on or available at
premises rented for the purpose of prostitution.

Soliciting in public was kept in check, a difficult and unpleasant type of
work and one requiring ceaseless supervision. …

…

38\. The fact that the Police are not the deciding authorities in matters of
**__public morals__** is often overlooked. The duty of the Police is to
suppress offences. _Offences_** __against public decency__** are defined in
the laws of the land. The presence of **_prostitutes_** on the streets is no
offence. _An offence is committed only if_** __a woman persistently
solicits__**** _to the annoyance of a member of_**** __the public__**** _. The
public have not yet come forward to give evidence that she does so._** It
would seem that in Singapore the concourse of East and West is alone
responsible for such publicity as has been given to a state of affairs similar
to that in Europe, where it passes almost unnoticed.

39\. **_Widespread existence_** of **__male prostitution__**** _was discovered
and reported to the Government whose orders have been carried out_**.

_A certain amount of criticism based probably upon too little knowledge of the
actual facts, has been expressed against a policy the object of which is to
stamp out this evil._ **_Sodomy is a penal offence; its danger to adolescents
is obvious; obvious too, is the danger of blackmail_** , **__the demoralising
effect on disciplined forces and__**** _on_**** __a mixed community which
looks to the Government for wholesome governing__****.**

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

127 Finally, reference may be made to the _Annual Report_ for the year 1938 at
paras 45–48, which read as follows:

_**Public Morals**_

45\. The duty of the Police in _safeguarding public morals_ is limited to
enforcing the law. The slightest deviation from such a policy, in this matter
more than in any other, would lead to the risk of very serious persecution or
connivance. The law of the Colony is based on the law of the United Kingdom,
and that human nature is not subject to climatic variations is well proved by
a visit to, for instance, Jermyn Street, the dock area of Southampton, or
street corners at Woolwich or Sandhurst at the recognised hours. The only
difference is to be found in the text of the law in _the words_**
_“persistently” solicits_**. The courts have to be satisfied on this point by
evidence independent of the Police. This evidence has not been forthcoming in
the city of Singapore.

46\. _Action against the_ **_local brothels_** _–_ **_2 women_** living
together–was continued, but rapid changes of addresses and fines of $1 make
matters difficult.

47\. Action was taken against pimps and traffickers whenever evidence was
forthcoming.

48\. **_Male prostitution_** _and_ **_other forms of beastliness_** _were
stamped out as and when opportunity occurred._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

(VII) Analysis of and decision on the purpose and object of s 377A

128 Let us now return to the important questions posed above (at [122]) as
they impact directly and significantly on the crucial inquiry at hand, _viz_ ,
the purpose and object of s 377A. This relates to the application of Limb (b)
of the “reasonable classification” test.

129 It will be recalled that one key difficulty lies in the fact that Mr
Howell referred to _the need to supplement_ _the 1906 Minor Offences
Ordinance_ in his speech to the Straits Settlements Legislative Council (see
above at [119]), whereas both the _Objects and Reasons_ _as well as_ the _June
1938_ _Report_ referred to _the need to supplement s 377_ (see above at [121]
and [124], respectively)_._

130 In so far as _the 1906 Minor Offences Ordinance_ was concerned, the
relevant provision was _s 23_ thereof (“s 23”), which read as follows:

Any person who is found drunk and incapable of taking care of himself,
**_or_** is guilty of any riotous, disorderly **__or indecent behaviour__** ,
**_or_** of **__persistently soliciting or importuning for immoral
purposes__** in any **_public_** road or in any **_public_** place or place of
**_public_** amusement or resort, or in the immediate vicinity of any Court or
of any public office or police station or place of worship, _shall be liable
to_ a fine not exceeding twenty dollars, or to imprisonment for a term which
may extend to fourteen days, and on a second or subsequent conviction to a
fine not exceeding fifty dollars or to imprisonment for a term which may
extend to three months. [emphasis added in italics, bold italics and
underlined bold italics]

131 Counsel for all the Appellants relied heavily on the fact that Mr Howell
referred to the 1906 Minor Offences Ordinance to argue that s 377A was enacted
in order to combat the problem of _male prostitution_. On their argument,
applying s 377A to categories _outside_ the narrow category just mentioned
(_viz_ , male prostitution) would be _over-inclusive and, hence,
unconstitutional_. In particular, Ms Barker pointed to the words “persistently
soliciting or importuning for immoral purposes” in s 23 as evincing an
intention on the part of the Straits Settlements Legislative Council that s
377A (dealing as it did with male-to-male conduct) should cover the social as
well as public ill of _male prostitution_. Whilst we see some force in this
particular argument, there are at least two difficulties with it. Let us
elaborate.

132 The _first_ difficulty relates to the fact that s 23 contains not only the
phrase “persistently soliciting or importuning for immoral purposes”, _but
also_ the (_more general_) phrase “guilty of any … _indecent behaviour_ ”
[emphasis added]. That these two phrases set out _two separate and distinct
limbs_ of the offence under s 23 is clear, and is confirmed by the fact that
these two limbs presently exist as _two separate and distinct sections_ (_viz_
, s 19 and s 20, respectively) of the Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and
Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev Ed), the current equivalent of the 1906 Minor
Offences Ordinance. This first difficulty in fact leads us to the second
difficulty, to which it is (as we shall see in a moment) closely related. This
second difficulty lies in the fact that _both_ the _Objects and Reasons_ _as
well as_ the _June 1938_ _Report_ did _not_ refer to the need to supplement
the 1906 Minor Offences Ordinance at all, but referred _instead_ to _the need
to supplement s 377._ Section 377 as it stood in 1938 read as follows:

**Unnatural offences**

**377**. Whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of
nature with any man, woman or animal, shall be punished with penal servitude
for life, or with imprisonment of either description for a term which may
extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine or to whipping.

_Explanation_.—Penetration is sufficient to constitute the carnal intercourse
necessary to the offence described in this section.

133 This (_apparently_) _alternative_ purpose and object of s 377A (_ie_ , to
_supplement s 377_) is significant _because it is consistent with the other
(and more general) limb of s 23 (which, it will be recalled, relates to the
proscription of,_ inter alia _, “indecent behaviour”)_. Indeed, _this_
particular limb of s 23 was broader than s 377 inasmuch as it covered
“indecent behaviour” that included but was not confined to anal and/or oral
sex (hereafter referred to as “penetrative sex”); however, it was confined to
_public_ conduct. Hence, s 377A, which would _also_ cover “grossly indecent”
acts between males in _private_ , would apply to situations which were
_outside the purview of s 23_. It is also important to note that s 377A would
_simultaneously supplement s 377 inasmuch as s 377A would (like s 23) cover
even “grossly indecent” acts which fell short of penetrative sex_. It should
be pointed out, at this juncture, that it follows that s 377A would
_necessarily cover acts of penetrative sex as well_. Any other interpretation
would be illogical since it cannot be denied that acts of penetrative sex
constitute _the most serious_ instances of the possible acts of _“gross
indecency”_.

134 As just mentioned, s 377A _broadened the scope_ hitherto covered by s 377
to cover not only penetrative sex but also _other (less serious)_ acts of “
_gross indecency_ ” committed between _males._ However, we would expect that
prior to our Parliament’s repeal of s 377 via the 2007 Penal Code Amendment
Act, where acts of penetrative sex were involved, the accused would probably
have been charged under s 377 as that section imposed a heavier penalty
(compared to s 377A), although the Prosecution would also have had the option
of charging the accused under s 377A instead. This is not surprising because,
as we have just observed, acts of penetrative sex are _the most serious_
instances of the possible acts of “gross indecency”. Now that s 377 has been
repealed, there is no reason in principle why a charge under s 377A cannot be
brought in a situation involving acts of _penetrative_ sex between two males
(which, as we have already noted, would, _ex hypothesi_ , fall within the
definition of “any act of gross indecency” within the meaning of s 377A). We
note, however, that the current policy (as declared during the October 2007
parliamentary debates mentioned at [111] above) is for the Prosecution to
generally _not_ charge accused persons under s 377A, so the point just
referred to is – in the practical context at least – merely academic. It is,
nevertheless, an important point to make in the context of _the present
appeals_ , particularly in the light of the further written submissions which
Ms Barker tendered on behalf of her clients (and which are dealt with below at
[144]).

135 Returning to the comparison between s 377A and s 23, s 377A was, as we
mentioned above at [133], _broader in scope_ _than s 23_ inasmuch as s 377A
covered “grossly indecent” acts between males in _private as well_. Such an
analysis would explain why Mr Howell referred to the need to supplement _the
1906 Minor Offences Ordinance_ in his speech to the Straits Settlements
Legislative Council (see above at [119]), and is in fact supported by the
reference by Mr Howell himself (_in the same speech_) to the need to capture
acts which were committed in _private_ as well (which acts, he pointed out,
were not captured by the 1906 Minor Offences Ordinance as s 23 _only covered_
acts committed in _public_). It would _also_ explain why Mr Howell further
referred (as, indeed, did the _Objects and Reasons_ as well as the June 1938
Report) to the fact that s 377A was based on _English law – specifically, on
the UK s 11_ , which (despite the lack of clarity as to its precise origins)
has always been perceived as a provision having _general_ application.

136 We think that the analysis just set out is the most persuasive because it
resolves what appears to be an inconsistency (or even a contradiction) between
Mr Howell’s Legislative Council speech (see above at [119]) on the one hand
and the _Objects and Reasons_ as well as the June 1938 Report (see above at
[121] and [124], respectively) on the other. But, if that be the case (_ie_ ,
if s 377A was indeed meant to _supplement_ _s 377_), it would then follow that
s 377A itself ought to be given _the same general application_ as s 377, and –
_contrary_ to the Appellants’ argument – _should not_ be confined only to male
prostitution.

137 That _s 377_ was intended to be of _general_ application is clear from the
language as well as the historical context of that provision. The language
itself is self-explanatory. In so far as the historical context of _s 377_ is
concerned, it consisted (originally) of two provisions which were worded quite
differently. They were clauses 361 and 362 of the original draft Indian Penal
Code submitted by the then Indian Law Commission (headed by Lord Macaulay) to
the then Governor-General of India in Council, Lord Auckland, in 1837. These
clauses read as follows:

_OF UNNATURAL OFFENCES_

361\. Whoever, intending to gratify unnatural lust, touches, for that purpose,
any person, or any animal, or is by his own consent touched by any person, for
the purpose of gratifying unnatural lust, shall be punished with imprisonment
of either description for a term which may extend to fourteen years and must
not be less than two years, and shall also be liable to fine.

362\. Whoever, intending to gratify unnatural lust, touches for that purpose
any person without that person’s free and intelligent consent, shall be
punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend
to life and must not be less than seven years, and shall also be liable to
fine.

138 That the clauses just quoted in the preceding paragraph (as well as the
“successor” provision embodied in s 377) were intended not only to be of
_general_ application, but _also (and more importantly) to enforce societal
morality is clearly evidenced in no uncertain terms by the following
observations of the then Indian Law Commission_ (see _A Penal Code prepared by
the Indian Law Commissioners, and published by command of the Governor General
of India in Council_ (Pelham Richardson, 1838; reprinted from the Calcutta
Edition and reprinted (in turn) by The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd, 2002) at p 117
(also reprinted as _Introductory Report upon the Indian Penal Code_ in _The
Works of Lord Macaulay: Speeches – Poems & Miscellaneous_ vol XI, pp 3–198 at
p 144)):

Clauses 361 and 362 relate to **_an odious class of’ offences_** _respecting
which it is desirable that as little as possible should be said_. We leave,
without com­ment, to the judgment of his Lordship in Council the two clauses
which we have provided for these offences. We are unwilling to insert, either
in the text or in the notes, any thing which could give rise to public
discussion on **_this revolting subject_** ; _as we are de­cidedly of opinion
that_** _the injury_** _which would be_** _done_**** _to_**** __the morals of
the community__** _by such dis­cussion would far more than compensate for any
benefits which might be derived from legislative measures framed with the
greatest precision_. [emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined
bold italics]

139 In _contrast_ , if the Appellants’ analysis of the purpose and object of s
377A (_ie_ , that the provision was _only_ intended to deal with _male
prostitution_) were adopted, there would necessarily be an inconsistency (or
even a contradiction) between the purpose and object alleged by the Appellants
and the purpose (mentioned in the preceding paragraph) of guarding against
“injury … to the morals of the community”.

140 Indeed, after s 377A was introduced into the Straits Settlements via s 3
of the 1938 Penal Code Amendment Ordinance, _both_ s 377 _and_ s 377A were
listed under _the broad and general heading “Unnatural Offences”_ (see also,
to this effect, the relevant heading and provisions in the Penal Code (Cap
119, 1955 Rev Ed)). This clearly militates _against_ the _very specific_
purpose and object canvassed by the Appellants _vis-à-vis_ s 377A.

141 It should also be noted that the relevant historical documents (see above
at [121] and [124]) refer to “ _acts_ of _gross indecency_ between _male_
persons” [emphasis added] in a _general_ sense, which again militates against
the narrow approach advocated by the Appellants.

142 What, then, about the references to _male prostitution_ in the various
volumes of the _Annual Report_ cited above (at [125]–[127])? If one looks at
the plain language of s 377A (reproduced above at [3] and [56]), it is clear
that the provision would not only capture “grossly indecent” acts between
males in a _general_ sense, but would _also necessarily capture_ (in an _a
fortiori_ manner) the (relatively) more _specific_ acts relating to male
prostitution, including procurement as well as abetment by third-party pimps.
It should also be noted that both the _Annual Report_ for the year 1937 and
the _Annual Report_ for the year 1938 (at paras 38 and 45, respectively)
referred to the problem of “persistently soliciting or importuning for immoral
purposes” in the context of _female_ – as opposed to male – prostitution. More
importantly, perhaps, the _Annual Report_ for the year 1937 and the _Annual_
_Report_ for the year 1938 both referred (at paras 38 and 45, respectively) to
the need for the Police to safeguard “ _public morals_ ” [emphasis added] in a
_general_ sense (as opposed to in the context of male prostitution
specifically). Indeed, the phrase “public morals” constitutes the _heading_ of
the relevant part of the respective _Annual Reports_ mentioned above. This is,
of course, wholly consistent with the Respondent’s arguments on the purpose
and object of s 377A in the present appeals.

143 For the reasons set out above, we are of the view that the available
objective evidence demonstrates that s 377A was intended to be of _general_
application, and was not intended to be merely confined only (or even mainly)
to the specific problem of male prostitution (notwithstanding the fact that
this would be covered as well).

144 As mentioned above at [134], Ms Barker (with the leave of this court)
tendered further written submissions on behalf of her clients after the oral
hearing before us had concluded. In essence, she argued, first, that the
phrase “gross indecency” in s 377A did _not_ cover _penetrative_ sex and
conduct which amounted to an “unnatural offence” under s 377. She argued that
s 377A was intended, instead, to cover _other_ acts of “gross indecency”
_apart from_ acts of _penetrative_ sex, and that this was the meaning to be
attributed to Mr Howell’s Legislative Council speech (reproduced above at
[119]) with regard to the ambit of s 377A. Ms Barker then proceeded to argue,
secondly, that the original purpose of s 377A was to _suppress male
prostitution._ To support this particular argument, she cited not only the
historical materials already referred to earlier in this judgment, but also
further materials relating to the suppression of prostitution and brothels in
the Straits Settlements. In addition, she referred to materials demonstrating
that in the _English_ context, the prosecution of the famous author, Oscar
Wilde, under the UK s 11 had been pursuant to his sexual activity with persons
who were, in effect at least, male prostitutes. In this connection, we note
that Mr Ravi similarly tendered further written submissions which adopted Ms
Barker’s arguments as stated above. Mr Ravi also advanced arguments based on
executive estoppel and doubtful penalisation which were largely premised on Ms
Barker’s arguments.

145 With respect, we are unable to accept either Ms Barker’s or Mr Ravi’s
arguments. Let us elaborate.

146 In so far as Ms Barker’s first argument is concerned, we have already
explained above (at [133]) why the phrase “gross indecency” in s 377A must
necessarily cover penetrative sex as well. Indeed, it must surely be the case
that _male prostitution_ might – and, in most cases, probably would – involve
_penetrative_ sex (although, conceivably, _other_ acts of “gross indecency”
could also be involved). On this logical and commonsensical ground alone, the
first argument by Ms Barker at [144] above does not, with respect, ring true.

147 In so far as Ms Barker’s second argument at [144] above is concerned, the
additional historical materials proffered to this court (which included the
observations by Ms Nicoll-Jones in “Report on the Investigation of the Problem
of Prostitution in Singapore” covering the period from May 1940 to May 1941)
are, at best, neutral. They referred to the suppression of prostitution and
brothels _generally_. Moreover, their focus (as also alluded to above at
[142]) was on _female_ (as opposed to male) prostitution. We further note the
Respondent’s argument in its supplemental written case that, in any event, the
references to Ms Nicoll-Jones’ observations are irrelevant in so far as those
observations were made _after_ the enactment of s 377A.

148 In so far as Ms Barker’s reference to the trial of Oscar Wilde is
concerned, the argument is, again, neutral, at best. As the Respondent pointed
out in its supplemental written case, Wilde was also charged under the UK s 11
for engaging in sexual activity with men who were _not_ male prostitutes, and
he was acquitted in those instances _not_ because the men concerned were not
male prostitutes, but rather, because the Prosecution did not succeed in
proving the ingredients of the offence. In any event, it _does not necessarily
follow_ from the fact that Wilde might have been convicted under the UK s 11
for sexual activity with persons who were, in effect at least, male
prostitutes that this particular provision was _not_ intended to cover _more
general situations as well_. Indeed, the position is precisely the converse:
put simply, if the UK s 11 covered _all_ situations relating to “acts of gross
indecency” between males, _it would follow that similar situations involving
male prostitutes would also be covered on an_ a fortiori _basis_. In this
regard, there is nothing in the legislative background surrounding the UK s 11
which suggests otherwise. Further (and more importantly), the legislative
background surrounding s 377A, which has already been set out in detail above,
militates against the interpretation proffered by Ms Barker on behalf of her
clients. For the same reasons, Mr Ravi’s arguments fall away as they were
premised on the very same arguments that Ms Barker advanced.

149 We also note that if the purpose and object of s 377A had been so specific
as to only or mainly target the problem of male prostitution, it would have
been open to Mr Howell to have been much clearer (and, more importantly, more
specific). He spoke, instead, in far more _general_ terms in his speech to the
Straits Settlements Legislative Council (see above at [119]). We also note
that given the _specificity_ of the purpose and object argued for by the
Appellants, it might have been more direct and more relevant for the Straits
Settlements Legislative Council to have simply amended the 1906 Minor Offences
Ordinance instead (which, of course, was not the measure taken by the Straits
Settlements Legislative Council in 1938).

(VIII) A comparative perspective?

150 In his speech to the Straits Settlements Legislative Council, Mr Howell
referred, _inter alia_ , to the respective situations in Gibraltar and Hong
Kong. Unfortunately, what evidence was available before this court as to the
situation in those two jurisdictions at that point in time was not
particularly helpful. Indeed, there appears to be no real historical evidence
with regard to the situation in Gibraltar at the material time (although we
note that Gibraltar’s equivalent of s 377A was abolished _legislatively_ in
1993).

151 In so far as the situation in Hong Kong was concerned, Hong Kong’s
equivalent of s 377A was enacted as s 2 of the Hong Kong Criminal Law
Amendment Ordinance 1901 (No 3 of 1901). That was done some 37 years prior to
the introduction of s 377A into the Straits Settlements. In the “ _Objects and
Reasons_ ” accompanying the Criminal Law Amendment Bill 1901 (HK), the then
Attorney-General, Mr W Meigh Goodman, stated as follows (see the _Hongkong
Government Gazette_ (1 February 1901) at p 170):

Section 2 of this Ordinance extends to this Colony the provisions of section
eleven of the English Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885. When the various
sections of Part I of that Act which is headed “Protection of Women and Girls”
were considered with a view to their being embodied in our local legislation
relating to that subject, section eleven which is out of place in Part I of
the English Act was omitted.

152 Unfortunately, the statement quoted in the preceding paragraph does not
aid us in ascertaining what precisely was the purpose and object of Hong
Kong’s equivalent of s 377A. Indeed, the above statement is somewhat ambiguous
and (at best) merely repeats what the (literal) situation in Hong Kong was at
the time the 1885 UK Act was promulgated. We should also observe that Hong
Kong (like Gibraltar) abolished its equivalent of s 377A _legislatively_ in
1991.

(B) Is the “rational relation” requirement satisfied?

153 For the purposes of the second limb (_ie_ , Limb (b)) of the “reasonable
classification” test, we agree with the Judge that there is a rational
relation between the differentia embodied in s 377A and the purpose and object
of the provision as set out above. Indeed, given our findings with respect to
the two limbs of the “reasonable classification” test, we hold (as did the
Judge) that there is, in fact, _a complete coincidence_ in the relation
between that differentia and that purpose and object.

The issue of illegitimacy

154 As already stated earlier in this judgment, there is _no separate or
independent test of illegitimacy_ (_vis-à-vis_ the object of the impugned
statute) for the purposes of ascertaining the constitutionality of that
statute under Art 12. There is therefore no need for us to consider the issue
of illegitimacy in relation to the facts and circumstances of the present
appeals, given our finding (applying the “reasonable classification” test to s
377A) that there is no illogicality or incoherence in the differentia embodied
in that provision. It is important to reiterate that the courts cannot become
“mini-legislatures”. That would be an illegitimate use of their powers.
Indeed, the present appeals illustrate precisely the dangers of adopting such
an approach. To elaborate, we have already referred above (at [111]) to the
intense controversy surrounding the debate on s 377A in the extra-legal sphere
in general and during the October 2007 parliamentary debates mentioned in that
same paragraph in particular. This controversy has been marked on both sides
of a very stark (and often emotional) divide by a great number of _extra-
legal_ arguments which are clearly and wholly outside the remit of the courts,
and which fall instead within the purview of the legislature.

The status and role of extra-legal arguments

155 We turn now to consider the status and role of the aforementioned _extra-
legal_ arguments, a number of which were made by the parties in both their
written as well as their oral submissions before this court. In our view,
these arguments are (as already mentioned) clearly _neither_ relevant _nor_
material in so far as the application of the “reasonable classification” test
is concerned. Neither are they relevant in so far as the application of Art 12
_(2)_ is concerned. What, then, _would_ be the relevance (if any) of these
arguments? In order to answer this more general question, it would be useful,
in our view, to consider the specific extra-legal arguments which were made in
the context of the present appeals. We should, however, emphasise that in
doing so, we are _not_ in any way taking these extra-legal arguments into
account for the purposes of our decision on the legal issues set out above at
[41] _vis-à-vis_ the constitutionality of s 377A.

156 In our view, whilst many of the Appellants’ extra-legal arguments are
valid (or, at least, plausible) ones, they are not arguments that may be
appropriately considered by the court and are thus _legally irrelevant_. Put
simply, the court is _not the appropriate forum_ in which to canvass such
arguments; the appropriate forum in this regard is, instead, _the
legislature_. We shall demonstrate this with reference to each of the extra-
legal arguments proffered to this court.

(1) The “tyranny of the majority”

157 One of the extra-legal arguments canvassed by the Appellants was that s
377A represented the “tyranny of the _majority_ ” _vis-à-vis_ persons who were
in the Appellants’ shoes (and who were in the _minority_). The right to
equality under Art 12(1) constituted, so the argument went, the Appellants’
legal bulwark against the aforementioned “tyranny of the majority”.

158 In our view, this particular argument, whilst attractive at first blush,
consists more of rhetoric than of substance. Let us elaborate.

159 First, the argument raises a centuries-old philosophical conundrum to
which, to the best of our knowledge, there has (despite the vast amounts of
ink that have been spilt on this particular subject) hitherto been no
satisfactory solution. Put simply, ought majoritarian rights always to trump
minority rights? If not, when should the latter trump the former? In our view,
invoking the phrase “tyranny of the majority”, _without more_ , does not
address these questions in a practical (nor, for that matter, in a
theoretical) manner. Indeed, the majority could turn the argument just
mentioned on its head and contend that likewise, they ought not to be subject
to the “tyranny of the _minority_ ”.

160 Secondly, and turning to a more practical point, what the minority (in
this case, the Appellants) have to demonstrate to make out their argument is
that there is _a legal basis_ for claiming that their rights should trump
those of the majority. _However, this brings us back full circle to the
interpretation as well as the application of Art 12(1) and Art 12(2) which we
have already undertaken above_. Any other (and broader) argument would not be
one that the court can legitimately address. If at all, such other arguments
should be addressed by _the legislature_ instead.

161 We should, however, observe, in fairness to the Appellants, that perhaps,
their reliance on the argument that there should be no “tyranny of the
majority” could _also_ be grounded in the (related) argument that it would be
wrong for _the majority_ to enforce (through s 377A) _societal morality_ to
the detriment of the _individual rights_ of _the minority_. This last-
mentioned argument will be dealt with below at [162]–[174] in the course of
considering the Appellants’ argument based on the absence of harm, to which we
now turn our attention.

(2) The argument based on the absence of harm (and societal morality
revisited)

162 The Appellants’ argument based on the absence of harm was that their
sexual conduct caused no harm to others. This particular argument was, of
course, part of the broader jurisprudential debate on the enforcement of
morals between Lord Devlin on the one hand (see generally Patrick Devlin, _The
Enforcement of Morals_ (Oxford University Press, 1963) (“ _The Enforcement of
Morals_ ”)) and Prof H L A Hart on the other (see H L A Hart, _Law, Liberty
and Morality_ (Oxford University Press, 1963) as well as, by the same author,
_The Morality of the Criminal Law: Two Lectures_ (Magnes Press, Hebrew
University, 1964) (the two lectures mentioned in the title of this particular
work were the Harry Camp Lectures delivered at Stanford University and the
Lionel Cohen Lectures delivered at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem,
respectively)).

163 The aforesaid debate stemmed from Lord Devlin’s famous Maccabaean Lecture
in Jurisprudence entitled “The Enforcement of Morals” (1959) 45 Proceedings of
the British Academy 129, which was delivered on 18 March 1959 at the British
Academy and which was reprinted in the book with the same title (mentioned
above) (the lecture constituted the first chapter of that work, albeit with
the new title “Morals and the Criminal Law”). What is interesting in the
context of the present appeals is that this particular lecture by Lord Devlin
was prompted by the views expressed in the _Report of the Departmental
Committee on Homosexual Offences and Prostitution_ (HMSO, Cmnd 247, 1957),
more popularly known as “The Wolfenden Report” (after the chairman of that
committee, Sir John Wolfenden) and hereafter referred to as “ _The Wolfenden
Report_ ”. Paragraph 61 of _The Wolfenden Report_ states as follows:

… We have outlined the arguments against a change in the law, and we recognise
their weight. We believe, however, that they have been met by the counter-
arguments we have already advanced. There remains one additional counter-
argument which we believe to be decisive, namely, the importance which society
and the law ought to give to individual freedom of choice and action in
matters of private morality. _Unless a deliberate attempt is to be made by
society, acting through the agency of the law, to equate the sphere of crime
with that of sin, there must remain a realm of private morality and immorality
which is, in brief and crude terms, not the law’s business._ To say this is
not to condone or encourage private immorality. On the contrary, to emphasise
the personal and private nature of moral or immoral conduct is to emphasise
the personal and private responsibility of the individual for his own actions,
and that is a responsibility which a mature agent can properly be expected to
carry for himself without the threat of punishment from the law. [emphasis
added]

164 Briefly stated, Lord Devlin was of the view – contrary to that expressed
in _The Wolfenden Report –_ that _the law_ _could_ regulate as well as
sanction _private_ acts in order to preserve the moral fabric of society. In
setting out his views, Lord Devlin proceeded, _inter alia_ , on the premise
that _there was a societal morality that could constitute the basis upon which
private conduct could be regulated and sanctioned by means of the law. This
is, in fact, akin to the approach adopted by the Respondent in the present
appeals._

165 Prof Hart, on the other hand, disagreed with this view. Indeed, although
Prof Hart’s best known works are those cited above (at [162]), he in fact
pointed to an earlier article (_viz_ , H L A Hart, “Immorality and Treason”
_The Listener_ (30 July 1959) at pp 162–163) as being not only “one of [his]
better [articles]”, but also the piece that catalysed the entire debate; in
Prof Hart’s own words, the article “attacked Devlin. He was horrified. [So] he
[published] a whole book [_viz_ , _The Enforcement of Morals_] in reply to it”
(see “Hart Interviewed: H.L.A. Hart in Conversation with David Sugarman”
(2005) 32 Journal of Law and Society 267 at p 284). Put simply, Prof Hart
agreed with the views expressed in _The Wolfenden Report_. In doing so, he
was, _in_ _contrast to_ _Lord Devlin_ , proceeding, _inter alia_ , on the
premise that _the individual liberty of each person was_ _inviolate, such that
societal morality_ _could not be utilised as a justification for regulating
and sanctioning private conduct – except to the (limited) extent (as we shall
elaborate upon briefly below) that harm would otherwise result to others. This
is, in fact, akin to the approach adopted by the Appellants in the present
appeals._

166 Ideas and arguments do not exist in an intellectual vacuum. Not
surprisingly, therefore, both Lord Devlin and Prof Hart relied upon works of
prior authors in support of their respective views. Lord Devlin’s views are
consistent with those of the famous Victorian jurist and judge, James
Fitzjames Stephen (see James Fitzjames Stephen QC, _Liberty, Equality,
Fraternity_ (Smith Elder, & Co, 2nd Ed, 1874; reprinted, The University of
Chicago Press, 1991) (“ _Stephen_ ”); see also the preface to _The Enforcement
of Morals_ at p vii), whilst Prof Hart’s views are consistent with those of
the famous British philosopher, civil servant and Member of Parliament, John
Stuart Mill (see J S Mill, _On Liberty_ (John W Parker and Son, 1859;
reprinted with Editing as well as an Introduction by Gertrude Himmelfarb in
Pelican Books, 1974) (“ _Mill_ ”)), whose views were (not surprisingly) the
subject of vigorous challenge in _Stephen_. So the debate between Lord Devlin
and Prof Hart was an important debate with weighty protagonists on both sides
(including their predecessors).

167 As already alluded to above (at [164]), a close analysis of the approach
adopted by _the Respondent_ in the present appeals will demonstrate that it is
essentially relying upon the approach adopted by _Lord Devlin_. In particular,
Mr Abdullah focused not a few times upon the argument that s 377A gave effect
to public morality. Further, Mr Abdullah submitted that that public morality
was one which was determined by _the legislature_ to exist, and such
determination was uniquely within the purview of that institution. Any
_change_ (including, presumably, the repeal of s 377A) _therefore lay within
the province of the legislature – and the legislature alone_. We pause to
observe, parenthetically, that the use of the phrase “ _public_ morality”
ought to be contrasted with the use of the phrase “ _popular_ morality” as the
latter might engender _unnecessarily negative_ psychological (as well as
other) perceptions. To avoid any possible misunderstanding whatsoever, we
shall henceforth utilise (and, in fact, have already utilised) the phrase
“societal morality” instead.

168 The Appellants, in contrast, are obviously relying on the views of both
Prof Hart as well as J S Mill. In particular, Mill enunciated the famous “harm
principle” as follows (see _Mill_ at pp 68–69):

The object of this essay is to assert one very simple principle, as entitled
to govern absolutely the dealings of society with the individual in the way of
compulsion and control, whether the means used be physical force in the form
of legal penalties or the moral coercion of public opinion. That principle is
that _the sole end for which mankind are warranted, individually or
collectively, in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number
is self-protection. That the only purpose for which power can be rightfully
exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to
prevent harm to others._ His own good, either physical or moral, is not a
sufficient warrant. He cannot rightfully be compelled to do or forbear because
it will be better for him to do so, because it will make him happier, because,
in the opinions of others, to do so would be wise or even right. These are
good reasons for remonstrating with him, or reasoning with him, or persuading
him, or entreating him, but not for compelling him or visiting him with any
evil in case he do otherwise. To justify that, the conduct from which it is
desired to deter him must be calculated to produce evil to someone else. The
only part of the conduct of anyone for which he is amenable to society is that
which concerns others. In the part which merely concerns himself, his
independence is, of right, absolute. Over himself, over his own body and mind,
the individual is sovereign. [emphasis added]

169 Turning, first, to the general debate between Lord Devlin and Prof Hart,
the arguments on each side of the philosophical divide are, as mentioned above
at [166], weighty ones. What is more important is that given those
circumstances and given the nature of the arguments themselves, there are no
clear answers – not even at a theoretical level and, _a fortiori_ , not at a
practical one. This is not surprising. Interesting as these issues are as a
matter of jurisprudence and legal philosophy, they are issues that lie
quintessentially within the sphere of _the legislature_. The balancing of
rights on a broad philosophical basis is not a task that the court can – or
ought to – undertake. In particular, the Appellants’ reliance in these
proceedings on the “harm principle” enunciated by Mill raises the very
pertinent issue of what constitutes “harm” in the first place. It is not – as
appears to be the implicit assumption of the Appellants – necessarily confined
only to _physical_ harm. But, if not, how far should the ambit of “harm”
extend? A moment’s reflection will reveal that the answers to this as well as
other related questions lie quintessentially within the sphere of _the
legislature._ This point – already made several times in the course of this
judgment – cannot be emphasised too much. Hence, the Appellants’ argument
based on the absence of harm, when examined more closely, reveals itself to
be, in substance if not in form, one which ought (if at all) to be considered
by _the legislature_.

170 _As, if not more, importantly, a fundamental difference between the
approach adopted by the Respondent on the one hand and that adopted by the
Appellants on the other lies (as explained above) in the fact that whilst the
Respondent is of the view that it is (_ pace _Lord Devlin) appropriate (and,
indeed, legitimate) for the legislature to enforce societal morality through s
377A, the Appellants are of the (diametrically opposed)__view that it is (_
pace _Prof Hart) inappropriate for the legislature to do so, except to the
extent that harm has resulted (or might result)__to others._ To recapitulate,
it will be recalled (see above at [167]) that one of the premises underlying
_the Respondent’s_ approach is that it is appropriate and legitimate for _the
legislature_ to ascertain _what the prevailing societal morality is, and to
decide whether or not (in the context of these proceedings) s 377A ought to be
repealed or retained in view of that societal morality_. As already noted
above (at [29]–[30] and [33]–[34]), _the Appellants_ are of the view that such
an approach _simply discriminates against_ them _and deprives them of their
fundamental rights_ , and as a result, s 377A is unconstitutional.

171 In our view, there is much force in the Respondent’s argument as just set
out in the preceding paragraph. The legislature is an elected body and thus
has the mandate from the electorate to promulgate laws which reflect as well
as preserve societal morality. Whilst it might (as is the situation in the
present proceedings) be difficult to ascertain what the prevailing societal
morality on a particular issue is at any given point in time, it is still _the
legislature’s task_ to make this determination.

172 As we understand the Appellants’ arguments, even if the prevailing
societal morality can be ascertained, giving effect to it through the law (in
this case, s 377A) would be a violation of _the minority’s constitutional
rights_ as it would constitute the “tyranny of the _majority_ ”. _However_ ,
as we have already noted above (at [159]), this argument is _a double-edged
one_ , for it can _equally_ be argued by the majority that there should be no
“tyranny of the _minority_ ”. We hasten to add that this is _not_ to endorse
the approach that _the_ _majority_ _must always prevail._ Rather, this brings
us back to the protections embodied in the Articles on fundamental rights in
the Singapore Constitution – of which Art 9 and Art 12 are the focus of the
present appeals. _The Appellants must therefore seek to bring their respective
cases within the ambit of these two Articles._

173 Put simply, Art 9 and Art 12 would constitute a _legal_ basis on which the
Appellants can seek to vindicate their rights. The Appellants _cannot_ ask the
court to vindicate their rights based simply – and _without more_ – on the
argument that _they feel that the prevailing societal morality is wrong as it
deprives them of their freedom_. This is _not_ to state that such an argument
cannot be made. But, a moment’s reflection will reveal that in order to
succeed in this argument, the Appellants will necessarily need to bring to
bear a great number of _extra-legal arguments_ , which, as we have already
emphasised, are _uniquely_ within the purview of _the legislature_. These
extra-legal arguments include _empirical data in the form of,_ inter alia _,
surveys_ (some of which were referred to by both the Appellants and the
Respondent in the course of the present appeals) _which this court is not
equipped to assess_. At this particular juncture, the vitally important
distinction between the judicial function on the one hand and the legislative
function on the other must be emphasised yet again. Put simply, the court
_cannot and must not attempt to (still less actually) operate as a “mini-
legislature”_ – lest the vital role of the court as an independent and neutral
institution deciding objectively, on the basis of objective legal rules and
principles, the rights which parties have in a particular situation (among
other issues) be reduced to naught.

174 Indeed (and consistent with the observations just made), it is also highly
significant, in our view, to note that _The Wolfenden Report_ , which (as we
mentioned above at [163]) was the effective catalyst of the jurisprudential
debate between Lord Devlin and Prof Hart, ultimately led (albeit only a decade
later) to _legislative_ action on the part of _the UK Parliament_ (in the form
of the Sexual Offences Act 1967 (c 60) (UK), which, _inter alia_ , abolished
the UK equivalent of s 377A).

175 Let us now turn to yet another _extra-legal_ argument which the Appellants
proffered to this court, _viz_ , the argument based on immutability and/or the
intractable difficulty of change on the part of male homosexuals.

(3) The argument based on immutability and/or the intractable difficulty of
change

176 Put simply, the Appellants’ argument based on immutability and/or the
intractable difficulty of change on the part of male homosexuals was this: if
the Appellants’ sexual orientation was biologically determined, they ought not
to be discriminated against via s 377A. In particular, Mr Ravi submitted that
there was overwhelming evidence supporting the proposition that a person’s
sexual orientation was biologically determined. This is primarily a
_scientific_ _and extra-legal_ argument which, again, is _outside_ the purview
of the court. We agree with the Judge (see _Tan Eng Hong (substantive)_ at
[63]) that the scientific evidence on this particular issue is – contrary to
what Mr Ravi submitted – unclear inasmuch as there is _no definitive evidence_
pointing clearly to one side of the divide or the other. _In any event_ , as
just mentioned, the court is _not_ in a position to arrive at a conclusive
determination on this issue. Again, this argument should – if at all – be
addressed by _the legislature_ instead.

(4) The safeguarding of public health

177 It should be noted that the Respondent, in its case before this court
(_cf_ its case in the court below (see above at [21])), did _not_ rely upon
the safeguarding of public health. This was, in our view, the correct approach
simply because, once again, the court is _not_ in a position to arrive at a
conclusive determination in this particular regard. That having been said, we
hasten to add that this is by no means an inappropriate argument, but it
should – if at all – be addressed by _the legislature_ instead as it raises
what are clearly _extra-legal (in this instance, medical as well as
scientific)_ issues.

(5) Summary of our discussion of the Appellants’ extra-legal arguments

178 The underlying thread of our discussion at [157]–[177] above is clear and
may be stated simply: all the arguments referred to in those paragraphs are
extra-legal arguments that, whilst not necessarily unpersuasive, ought
nevertheless to be raised in the appropriate forum, which is the legislature.
Correlatively, the court is not the appropriate forum to consider such
arguments. As emphasised right at the outset of this judgment, _only relevant_
_legal_ arguments can (and should) be considered by the court. It is also
important to emphasise that the Appellants are _not_ thereby deprived of the
opportunity to proffer the _extra-legal_ arguments they have raised, but they
have to do so at a _different_ forum, _viz_ , before _the legislature_. At
this juncture, it is appropriate to note the following perceptive observations
by Lord Reid in the extra-judicial lecture referred to above at [78] (see _The
Judge As Law Maker_ at p 23):

Now let me come to the real difficulty about judges making law. _Everyone
agrees that_** _impartiality is the first essential in any judge_** _. And
that means not only that he must not appear to favour either party._**__It
also means that he must not take sides on political issues__**** _. When
public opinion is sharply divided on any question – whether or not the
division is on party lines – no judge ought in my view to lean to one side or
the other if that can possibly be avoided._**_But sometimes we get a case
where that is very difficult to avoid. Then I think we must play safe._**_We
must decide the case on the preponderance of existing
authority._****__Parliament is the right place to settle issues which the
ordinary man re­gards as controversial.__** On many questions he will say:
“That is the lawyers’ job, let them get on with it.” But on others he will
say: “I ought to have my say in this. I am not going to accept dictation from
the lawyers.” … [emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold
italics]

179 On a related note, Lord Bingham of Cornhill, quoting from Lord Reid’s
aforesaid lecture, classified the situation where “public opinion is sharply
divided on [a] question” as a situation “[w]here the question involves an
issue of current social policy on which there is no consensus within the
community” (see Tom Bingham, “The Judge as Lawmaker: An English Perspective”
in _The Business of Judging: Selected Essays and Speeches_ (Oxford University
Press, 2000) ch 2 at p 31), and stated that judges should, consequently,
refrain from making new law in such a situation. Lord Bingham also referred
(at p 32 of the same work) to another situation where, in his view, judges
ought to refrain from making new law, namely:

[W]here the issue arises in a field far removed from ordinary judicial
experience. This is really another way of saying that _whereas the Judges may
properly mould what is sometimes called lawyers’ law_ ,**_they should be very
slow to lay down far-reaching rules in fields outside their experience. They
should be alert to recognize their own limitations._** [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

180 Indeed, our legislature can, apart from actually abolishing s 377A, also
effect solutions which are clearly beyond the powers of the court. For
example, Ms Barker strongly urged this court (as a possible alternative) to at
least delete the words “or private” in s 377A, hence “reading down” s 377A to
that extent (see the paragraphs of Lim and Chee’s Appellants’ Case which we
referred to above at [19]). However, consistent with the analysis set out
above, this proposed solution is clearly outside the powers of this court,
although it is an approach which can be taken by our Parliament (if it is so
persuaded).

Our ruling on the constitutionality of s 377A under Art 12(1)

181 For the reasons set out above, we are of the view that s 377A satisfies
both limbs of the “reasonable classification” test. It therefore passes legal
muster pursuant to Art 12 _(1)_. However, that is not the end of the matter.
Consistent with the applicable principles set out earlier in this judgment,
and given that a challenge was also mounted to the constitutionality of s 377A
under Art 12 _(2)_ , it is now necessary for us to proceed to consider a
further – and more specific – issue: although s 377A does not violate Art
12(1), does it nevertheless fall within the scope of Art 12 _(2)_ , and if so,
does it violate that provision?

Whether s 377A falls within the scope of Art 12(2), and if so, whether it
violates that provision

182 It is clear, in our view, that s 377A does _not_ violate Art 12(2) for the
simple reason that it does _not_ even fall within the scope of Art 12(2) to
begin with. As we have already noted (see above at [92]), the words “gender”,
“sex” and “sexual orientation” are noticeably absent from Art 12(2). When
viewed from a historical context, this is not surprising. In particular, para
33 of the 1966 Report furnishes us with more than a hint as to why Art 12
_(2)_ was drafted the way it was.

183 Paragraph 33 of the 1966 Report reads as follows:

We consider, having regard to _the_** _multi-racial_** ,**_multi-cultural_**
,**_multi-lingual_** _and_** _multi-religious_** _composition of the
population of Singapore and of its citizens_ , that **__the recommendations we
have outlined in the preceding paragraph__** will _not only form_** _an
impregnable shield against racial communalism and religious bigotry as well as
an effective weapon to wipe away any fears the minorities may harbour
concerning discriminatory treatment_** _but will_** _also lay a firm and
lasting foundation on which to build a democratic, equal and just multi-racial
society in Singapore_**. We accordingly recommend that the present Article 8
[the then Malaysian equivalent of our Art 12] should be deleted and in its
place we recommend the following two Articles: —

8a. All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal protection
of the law.

8b. (1) Except as expressly authorised by this Constitution and subject to the
provisions of this Article —

(_a_) no law shall make any provision that is discriminatory either of itself
or in its effect; and

(_b_) no persons shall be treated in a discriminatory manner by any person
acting by virtue of any written law or in the performance of the functions of
any public office or any public authority.

(2) In this Article, the expression “discriminatory” means affording different
treatment to different persons attributable wholly or mainly to their
respective descriptions by race, place of origin, colour or creed whereby
persons of one such description are subject to disabilities or restrictions to
which persons of another such description are not made subject or are accorded
privileges or advantages which are not afforded to persons of another such
description.

(3) Paragraph (1)(a) of this Article shall not apply to any law so far as that
law makes provision —

(_a_) for the appropriation of the general revenues of Singapore;

(_b_) with respect to persons who are not citizens of Singapore;

(_c_) with respect to adoption, marriage, divorce, burial, devolution of
property on death or other matters of personal law.

(4) Nothing contained in any law shall be held to be inconsistent with or in
contravention of paragraph (1)(_a_) of this Article to the extent that it
makes provision with respect to standards or qualifications (not being
standards or qualifications specifically relating to race, place of origin,
colour or creed) to be required of any person who is appointed to any office
in the public service, any office in a disciplined force, or any office in the
service of a body corporate established by any law for public purposes.

(5) Paragraph (1)(_b_) of this Article shall not apply to anything which is
expressly or by necessary implication authorised to be done by any such
provision of law as is referred to in either of the two preceding paragraphs.

(6) For the purposes of paragraph (1)(_b_) of this Article, the certificate of
the Attorney-General that the exercise of any discretion relating to the
institution, conduct or discontinuance of criminal proceedings in any court
that is vested in him or in any other person by or under this Constitution or
any other law has not been discriminatory shall be conclusive and shall not be
called in question in any court.

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

184 The last sentence of para 32 of the 1966 Report (reproduced in full above
at [87]) is also relevant and is, in fact, referred to in para 33 of the same
report (see the text in underlined bold italics in the quotation in the
preceding paragraph). The last sentence of para 32 of the 1966 Report reads as
follows:

… Lastly, it should also be clearly and categorically laid down that _there
shall be_** _no discrimination_** _in the administration of any law, except as
expressly authorised by the Constitution, against any person on the ground_**
__only__** _of_** _race, religion, place of birth or descent_**. [emphasis
added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

185 It can be seen that the 1966 Report was concerned, in the main, with the
entrenching of fundamental rights relating to _race, language as well as
religion_ in a constitutional context. As pointed out in the 1966 Report
itself (at para 33), given Singapore’s status as a newly-independent sovereign
State at that time, “an impregnable shield against _racial_ communalism and
_religious_ bigotry” [emphasis added] had to be put in place; otherwise,
societal division and/or friction on racial, linguistic and/or religious lines
could have resulted in an acutely painful (or even fatal) rending or tearing
apart of Singapore’s social fabric. That Singapore was (and continues to be) a
multi-racial, multi-religious, multi-cultural as well as multi-lingual society
meant that it was (and remains) particularly susceptible to such a tragic fate
if minority rights in relation to race, language and religion are not
protected constitutionally. More importantly for the purposes of the present
appeals, there was no focus whatsoever on the issue of discrimination based on
gender, sex and/or sexual orientation in the 1966 Report, and hence, _no
inclusion_ of these factors as prohibited grounds of discrimination under what
is now Art 12 _(2)_. It might well be the case that the time is now
appropriate for the inclusion of these factors as prohibited grounds of
discrimination within our constitutional framework. However, that is a matter
which is entirely outside the remit of the court, and must (if at all) be
effected (as already explained above at [92]) by our legislature via _a
constitutional amendment instead._ Returning to the present appeals, it is
clear, in our view, that given the linguistic as well as historical contexts
set out above, s 377A (which relates to matters of gender, sex and/or sexual
orientation) does _not_ fall within the scope of Art 12(2). For that reason,
it cannot possibly be inconsistent with Art 12(2).

186 Ms Barker argued in her written submissions that domestic law, including
the Singapore Constitution, should as far as possible be interpreted
consistently with Singapore’s international obligations (see _Yong Vui Kong_
at [59]). She further argued that one of those obligations was to eliminate
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, and pointed out that our
Government had stated that the Singapore Constitution contained protection
from discrimination on this particular basis. In support of this contention,
Ms Barker cited Singapore’s “Responses to the list of issues and questions
with regard to the consideration of the fourth periodic report” dated 12 May
2011 to the United Nations’ Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination
against Women (“Singapore’s 12 May 2011 Response”). Paragraphs 31 and 31.1 of
Singapore’s 12 May 2011 Response state as follows:

**31**. **Please comment on reports with regard to prevalent and systematic
discrimination against women based on sexual orientation and gender identity
in the social, cultural, political and economic spheres in the State party.
What measures are being undertaken to address these problems, especially with
a view to destigmatizing and promoting tolerance to that end.**

31.1 The principle of equality of all persons before the law is enshrined in
the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore, regardless of gender, sexual
orientation and gender identity. All persons in Singapore are entitled to the
equal protection of the law, and have equal access to basic resources such as
education, housing and healthcare. Like heterosexuals, homosexuals are free to
lead their lives and pursue their social activities. Gay groups have held
public discussions and published websites, and there are films and plays on
gay themes and gay bars and clubs in Singapore.

…

187 With respect, we do not think there is any merit in this argument by Ms
Barker. First, the above extract from para 31.1 of Singapore’s 12 May 2011
Response does not in any way suggest that Art 12(2) should be expanded to
include protection from discrimination based on “gender, sexual orientation
and gender identity” since it makes no reference to either Art 12(2) or its
prohibited grounds of discrimination (_viz_ , race, religion, place of birth
and descent). The phrase “equality of all persons before the law” in the above
extract is, in our view, a reference to Art 12(1), under which the “reasonable
classification” test would indeed apply to all persons regardless of “gender,
sexual orientation and gender identity” (see above at [93]).

188 Secondly, and more fundamentally, international law and domestic law are
regarded in Singapore as _separate_ systems of law, and the former does not
form part of the latter “until and unless it has been applied as or definitely
declared to be part of domestic law by a domestic court” (see, in the context
of customary international law, _Yong Vui Kong_ at [91] as well as the
decision of this court in _Nguyen Tuong Van_ at [94]). Therefore, for the
purposes of the present appeals, Singapore’s treaty obligations under
international treaties such as the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms
of Discrimination against Women would not automatically have the effect of
amending the Singapore Constitution to include new prohibited grounds of
discrimination under Art 12(2).

Conclusion

189 The present appeals were argued by both Ms Barker as well as Mr Ravi with
great passion on behalf of their respective clients. This is not surprising,
especially when one takes into account the intensely controversial (and even
emotional) nature of the arguments surrounding the nature and function of s
377A which have been canvassed by proponents on either side of the extra-legal
divide. Indeed, many of the arguments tendered to this court, whilst valid
(or, at least, plausible) in their own right, involved _extra-legal
considerations and matters of social policy which were outside the remit of
the court, and should, instead, have been canvassed in the legislative
sphere._ It is entirely appropriate, at this juncture, to reiterate a point we
have already made several times in the course of this judgment, not least
because it is an extremely important and fundamental one: the court can only
consider _legal_ (as opposed to _extra-legal_) arguments. This ensures that it
will not become a “mini-legislature”. The court _cannot – and must not_ –
assume _legislative_ functions which are necessarily beyond its remit. To do
so would be to efface the very separation of powers which confers upon the
court its _legitimacy_ in the first place. If the court were to assume
legislative functions, it would no longer be able to sit to assess the
legality of statutes from an _objective_ perspective. Worse still, it would
necessarily be involved in expressing views on extra-legal issues which would
– in the nature of things – be (or at least be perceived to be) _subjective_
in nature. This would further erode the _legitimacy_ of the court, which ought
only to sit to administer the law in an _objective_ manner.

190 We have carefully considered all the legal arguments tendered to this
court in all their various forms (including the relevant historical
materials). For the reasons set out above, we dismiss both the present
appeals. Given the unusual nature of these proceedings (not least because the
decision of this court has implications for male homosexuals or bisexual males
who might fall within the ambit of s 377A generally), we make no order as to
costs both here and below. The usual consequential orders will apply. Whilst
we understand the deeply-held personal feelings of the Appellants, there is
nothing that this court can do to assist them. Their remedy lies, if at all,
in the legislative sphere.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Oct 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

