Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  James Raj s/o Arokiasamy _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 10

Case Number| :| Criminal Motion No 70 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ravi (L F Violet Netto), Eugene Thuraisingam and Jerrie
Tan Qiu Lin (Eugene Thuraisingam) for the applicant; G Kannan, Tang Shangjun
and Timotheus Koh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  James Raj s/o Arokiasamy — Public Prosecutor  
  
14 January 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant is suspected of having carried out computer attacks on several
websites under the moniker of “The Messiah”. Separately, he is also alleged to
have committed a number of drugs-related offences in Singapore. He was
arrested on 4 November 2013 in Kuala Lumpur by the Malaysian police and was
sent to Singapore. He was charged in the Subordinate Courts for offences under
the Computer Misuse and Cybersecurity Act (Cap 50A, 2007 Rev Ed) and the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed). His counsel, Mr M Ravi (“Mr
Ravi”), filed this criminal motion on his behalf on 13 November 2013. By this
application, the applicant sought two things. First, a declaration that, under
Art 9(3) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999
Reprint) (“the Constitution”), there is “an immediate right to counsel upon
the request of a person remanded for investigations”. Second, an order that he
be granted immediate access to his counsel.

2 In an affidavit filed in support of the criminal motion, Mr Ravi explained
that the applicant had been remanded from the time of his arrest, and that
counsel and client had no access to each other since. Mr Ravi said that on 11
November 2013, he learnt from an acquaintance of the applicant that the
applicant wanted immediate access to him. Accordingly, he contacted the police
that same day for access to the applicant, but his request was rejected. The
next morning, on 12 November 2013, the applicant was brought before the
Subordinate Courts. The prosecution sought an order for the applicant to be
remanded at the Institute of Mental Health for psychiatric evaluation. The
hearing was adjourned to the afternoon and Mr Ravi sought leave from the court
to speak to the applicant for five minutes in the meantime. This request was
also rejected. At the close of the afternoon’s hearing, the District Judge
granted the order sought by the prosecution, and ordered that while the
applicant was at the Institute of Mental Health, access to him should be
denied to all third parties, including his counsel. This criminal motion was
filed the following day.

3 The main issue in this application concerned the question when an arrested
person’s right to counsel under the Constitution arises. Article 9(3) of the
Constitution states: “Where a person is arrested, he … shall be allowed to
consult and be defended by a legal practitioner of his choice”. This provision
does not stipulate the point in time at which the person arrested is entitled
to consult counsel. But the Court of Appeal made it clear in _Jasbir Singh and
another v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 782 (“ _Jasbir Singh_ ”) that the
arrested person’s constitutional right to counsel did not mean that he was
entitled to consult counsel immediately after his arrest. Instead, he was
entitled to consult counsel only a “reasonable time” after arrest. The Court
of Appeal approved (at [47]) a passage in the High Court decision of _Lee Mau
Seng v Minister for Home Affairs and another_ [1971–1973] SLR(R) 135 (“ _Lee
Mau Seng_ ”) at [12], in which Wee Chong Jin CJ (“Wee CJ”) held that the
constitutional right of an arrested person to consult a legal practitioner of
his choice “must be granted to him within a reasonable time after his arrest”.
Even though the Court of Appeal in _Jasbir Singh_ cited the words of Wee CJ
with approval, the tenor of their opinions appears to be different. The _Lee
Mau Seng_ passage seems to proclaim the primacy and supremacy of the
constitutional right in a positive, affirmative spirit, but it was nonetheless
cited in _Jasbir Singh_ as authority for a proposition of a more negative and
restrictive nature, _ie_ , the proposition that the constitutional right is
not an immediate one. _Muhammad bin Kadar and another v Public Prosecutor_
[2011] 3 SLR 1205, a differently-constituted Court of Appeal affirmed _Jasbir
Singh_ , albeit in _obiter dicta_ , in stating at [57] that an accused
person’s constitutional right to counsel “does not extend to immediate
access”.

4 A distinction has sometimes been drawn between the time at which the right
to counsel arises and the time at which that right may be exercised. This
distinction is derived from a number of Malaysian cases from the 1970s which
the Court of Appeal in _Jasbir Singh_ referred to at [46]. It was held in
those cases that the right to consult counsel begins from the moment of
arrest, but cannot be exercised immediately after arrest. One can understand
why the distinction is drawn: the opening words of Art 9(3), “[w]here a person
is arrested”, suggest that the right to counsel is one which arises or begins
in some abstract sense at the moment of arrest; yet, the courts in Singapore
and Malaysia have consistently declined to impose on the authorities an
obligation to allow an arrested person to consult counsel immediately after
arrest. But the Court of Appeal in _Jasbir Singh_ seemed to disapprove of this
distinction, holding, at [48], that it was “elliptical to say on the one hand
that an arrested person had a right to see counsel immediately but to
stipulate on the other hand that the police could deny him that right if they
needed time to complete investigations”. It appears that the Court of Appeal
in _Jasbir Singh_ preferred the view that the right to counsel simply does not
arise immediately upon arrest. Perhaps it is no more than a matter of
semantics. I think it makes no practical difference whether or not the
distinction is recognised, but I mention all this in order to point out that
there is more than one meaning to the phrase “immediate right”, which has been
employed by the applicant in the present case. An “immediate right” can mean a
right that arises immediately upon arrest but may not be exercised immediately
upon arrest, or it can mean a right that may be exercised immediately upon
arrest. There is no doubt that the applicant means the latter. In order to
avoid ambiguity, the language which I shall use is that of the time at which
the arrested person is entitled to consult counsel, rather than the time at
which the right to counsel arises or the time at which it may be exercised.

5 On the authority of _Jasbir Singh_ , the constitutional right to counsel
does not mean that an arrested person is entitled to consult counsel
immediately upon or after arrest. He is entitled to do so only a “reasonable
time” after arrest, which leads naturally to the question of what a
“reasonable time” is. The Court of Appeal in _Jasbir Singh_ at [48] was of the
view that the rationale for granting a “reasonable time” was to afford the
police a degree of latitude in carrying out their investigations. Implicit in
this reasoning is the premise that there are circumstances in which permitting
an arrested person to consult counsel might hinder or undermine police
investigations. The Court of Appeal, having referred to _Lee Mau Seng_ , held
that Wee CJ must have “intended the element of allowance for police
investigations and procedure to be already built into the ‘reasonable time’
time-frame”. But I think that it is not certain that Wee CJ himself would have
agreed with this interpretation.

6 In _Lee Mau Seng_ , an order of detention under the Internal Security Act
(Cap 115, 1970 Ed) was made against the applicant. By that time, 20 days had
passed since he was arrested. Throughout those 20 days, he had been denied
access to his counsel while in police custody. The Attorney-General argued (at
[12]) that the provisions of the Internal Security Act lawfully deprived the
applicant of his constitutional right to counsel. The full arguments were
rather involved, relying as they did on the interaction between a number of
constitutional and statutory provisions, and it is not necessary for me to
delve into the intricacies of the arguments for present purposes. What is
pertinent is that Wee CJ did not accept the Attorney-General’s arguments, and
held at [14]–[22] that the applicant had been wrongfully denied his
constitutional right to counsel, although he also held that this wrongful
denial, by itself, did not justify releasing the applicant from detention. The
passage which gives me cause to think that Wee CJ might not have agreed with
the interpretation that _Jasbir Singh_ placed on his use of the phrase
“reasonable time” is this (_Lee Mau Seng_ at [17]):

It is disturbing to hear a submission which, stated in simple ordinary
language, puts forward the proposition that the Legislature, by enacting s 74
of the [Internal Security Act], must have intended to deprive a person of a
“fundamental liberty” which the Constitution guarantees to him, namely the
right to be allowed to consult a legal practitioner of his choice, so as to
enable a police officer acting under preventive detention powers to better
carry out enquiries or investigations concerning that person of whom the
police officer has reason to believe that there are grounds which would
justify his detention under s 8 and of whom the police officer has reason to
believe has acted or is about to act or is likely to act in any manner
prejudicial to the security of Singapore or any part thereof. In my judgment
that is an unacceptable proposition. If a person detained under s 74 is to be
deprived of this constitutional fundamental right then the Legislature must do
so in clear and unequivocal language. Also, if such wide powers are to be
conferred on police officers, then the Legislature must confer them in clear
and unequivocal language.

The philosophy apparent in these words of Wee CJ is that the right to counsel,
being a fundamental one enshrined in the Constitution, is not lightly to be
curtailed by the needs of police investigations; so much so that the only way
in which such investigative needs may affect that right is where the right is
explicitly and unambiguously limited or excluded by legislation that is itself
not _ultra vires_ the Constitution. Given this philosophy, it looks to me at
least arguable that when Wee CJ said that the right to counsel “must be
granted to [an arrested person] within a reasonable time after his arrest”, he
did not mean that the police ought to be afforded a “reasonable time” for
investigations, as the Court of Appeal in _Jasbir Singh_ thought he meant, but
rather intended no more than to acknowledge that, while an arrested person
should be entitled to consult counsel immediately after arrest, there has to
be a “reasonable time” for any necessary or unavoidable delay occasioned by
practical or administrative concerns, _eg_ , having to transport the arrested
person to the place of remand or having to contact the counsel of the arrested
person’s choice. Although _Lee Mau Seng_ was a case of detention under the
Internal Security Act and not a case of ordinary criminal proceedings, I think
that Wee CJ would have intended his philosophy to apply in the context of
criminal proceedings just as much as in the context of detention. Indeed, that
philosophy ought to apply _a fortiori_ to ordinary criminal proceedings, since
the element of national security, present in detention cases, is not usually
in issue. Nevertheless, the Court of Appeal in _Jasbir Singh_ held expressly
that “reasonable time” was to be given to the police as an element of
allowance in carrying out their investigations. That is the legal position
that I am bound to follow.

7 Drawing together the threads in the discussion above, having regard to the
authorities which I am bound by, it would not be open to me to grant a
declaration that an arrested person is entitled to consult counsel immediately
upon arrest. However, the declaration sought by the applicant is slightly
different. It is that an arrested person is entitled to consult counsel
immediately upon his request to do so. Notwithstanding this, I do not consider
that it would be right to grant that declaration. Since, following _Jasbir
Singh_ , the availability of the right to counsel depends entirely on
investigative needs, the time at which an arrested person is entitled to
consult counsel cannot be contingent upon the time at which an arrested person
makes the request to consult counsel. The request could have been made at any
time — it could, for instance, have been made immediately upon arrest — but
permitting the arrested person to consult counsel or that time might imperil
the investigative process. The arrested person should not be permitted to
consult counsel at that time, notwithstanding the request. Hence it would not
be correct as a general proposition that the arrested person is entitled to
consult counsel immediately upon request.

8 I turn now to the order sought by the applicant that he be granted immediate
access to his counsel. Whether the applicant is entitled to the order sought
depends on whether it was within “reasonable time” of the applicant’s arrest.
This has since become a question of academic interest because the applicant
here was granted access to counsel on 3 December 2013. However, in view of the
important constitutional matters raised, I give my decision on whether the
applicant was entitled to the order sought as at 29 November 2013, the date on
which parties filed their submissions on the issue of what a “reasonable time”
was, in the circumstances of this case. I should explain that, at the close of
the hearing of this criminal motion before me on 15 November 2013, I reserved
judgment and directed that parties file submissions within two weeks on the
issue of what a “reasonable time” was, with replies to follow by 19 December
2013. I summarise their submissions filed on 29 November 2013 as follows.

9 The applicant submitted that a “reasonable time” cannot exceed 48 hours. He
based his argument on Art 9(4) of the Constitution, which provides that a
person who is arrested must be produced before a Magistrate within 48 hours,
as well as s 68 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed), which
provides that the police may not detain a person arrested without a warrant
for more than 48 hours. Counsel for the applicant advanced four broad
arguments. First, when an arrested person is brought before the Magistrate
within the 48-hour period, the prosecution typically makes applications
against the person. Hence, the person should be entitled to instruct counsel
by the time this is done for his hearing before the Magistrate. Second, the
rationale of Art 9(4) of the Constitution and s 68 of the Criminal Procedure
Code is to allow the judicial authority to apply its mind to the case within
48 hours of the person’s arrest. This rationale would be frustrated if the
judicial authority has no opportunity to hear the person’s reasoned position
or defence due to his not having been able to instruct counsel. Third, there
is a need for counsel to be involved at an early stage after the person is
arrested in order to guard against the possibility of coerced and/or false
confessions, and/or the possibility of the accused failing to state a material
fact, from which failure an adverse inference may later be drawn against him
at trial. Fourth, a 48-hour time period would serve as a check on the police.

10 The prosecution submitted that the question of what a “reasonable time” is
must be assessed by taking into account all the circumstances of the case, and
that there should not be an inflexible rule that anything exceeding 48 hours
is not a “reasonable time”. The prosecution argued that the applicant’s
reliance on Art 9(4) was misconceived, because there is no direct link between
Art 9(4) and Art 9(3); on the contrary, just as Art 9(4) grants the police a
48-hour grace period in order that they will be in a better position to
complete investigations and carry out follow-up action, so an element of
allowance for the conduct of investigations must be read into Art 9(3). The
prosecution relied on the decision of Tay Yong Kwang J (“Tay J”) in _Public
Prosecutor v Leong Siew Chor_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 290 (“ _Leong Siew Chor_ ”). Tay
J said, at [87], that 19 days without access to counsel was “justifiable in
the circumstances, bearing in mind the duty of the police to follow up on new
leads quickly and to gather swiftly whatever evidence was available lest it
disappears or is destroyed”. The prosecution in the present case further
pointed out that Tay J, at [61] of that case, recorded the investigating
officer as explaining that he “did not want to take a chance with external
parties impeding the investigations and resulting in the accused shutting up”,
as there were “many exhibits to collect and only the accused could help the
police to do so”.

11 The prosecution submitted that, in the circumstances of this case, a
“reasonable time” had not elapsed as at 29 November 2013. This was so due to a
number of factors. First, the accused is being investigated for multiple
separate offences, including drugs charges, which means that more time is
required to complete the investigations. Second, as the alleged offences are
trans-border in nature, the Singapore authorities need to work with their
Malaysian counterparts. Third, the forensic process of retrieving digital
evidence is a time-intensive one, as investigators can only access the
evidence indirectly so as not to compromise the integrity of the evidence.
Since the applicant has to be questioned on this digital evidence, the
investigations cannot conclude before all the digital evidence has been
retrieved. Fourth, time is needed to locate and analyse hacking tools in the
applicant’s possession. Fifth, new sources of digital evidence have been
identified which the applicant has control over, hence his assistance is
needed to access this new evidence. Sixth, it is likely that the applicant had
accomplices, and therefore there is a need to investigate these other
suspected persons. Seventh, there are multiple law enforcement agencies
involved in the investigations, hence more time is needed to complete all the
investigations as each law enforcement agency needs its own time with the
applicant. Eighth, it is in the public interest that the applicant be
questioned, in that such questioning would assist in the identification of
computer system vulnerabilities and thus facilitate the protection of other
computer systems.

12 There is a preliminary point relating to the burden of proof. In _Leong
Siew Chor_ at [85], Tay J cited without disapproval from a text (a footnote to
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , vol 1 (Administrative and Constitutional Law)
(Butterworths Asia, 1999) at para 10.136) the proposition that “the onus of
proving to the satisfaction of the court that giving effect to the right to
counsel would impede police investigation or the administration of justice is
on the police”. I think that this proposition is correct. As Wee CJ repeatedly
said in _Lee Mau Seng_ , the right to counsel is a fundamental right protected
by the Constitution. The arrested person who alleges that his Constitutional
right had been impinged bears the burden of proving that allegation.
Ordinarily all that he has to do is to show that he has not been permitted to
consult counsel subsequent to his arrest. That would furnish sufficient
grounds to indicate that there might have been a breach, and the burden is
then on the other (the prosecution) to show that there was no breach because,
as in this case, the investigation process is underway. On that practical and
evidential level, the arrested person may have little or no knowledge of what
and how the investigation is proceeding, nor how it might be disrupted or
tampered. I would add that, this being a constitutional fundamental right, the
burden is to prove that it is necessary, and not merely desirable or
convenient, to derogate from it.

13 Based on the prosecution’s submissions, I accepted that the investigations
against the applicant, and perhaps his alleged accomplices as well, are
complex and will require a significant amount of time to be completed.
However, the prosecution failed to furnish substantive grounds in support of
its claim that permitting the applicant access to counsel would jeopardise
those investigations. From the prosecution’s reliance on _Leong Siew Chor_ and
their allusion to the reasons provided by the investigating officer in that
case for denying access to counsel, it may be inferred that the prosecution’s
argument is that access to counsel might result in the applicant in the
present case “shutting up” and refusing to help the police collect evidence.
But that is speculation. No reason was given as to suggest that access to
counsel would make the applicant more uncooperative than he is at present; in
the first place, it is not known how cooperative he has been up to this point.
As to the collection of digital evidence, it would seem that a lot of it is
already in the possession of the police, except that they need time to sort
through and analyse the evidence. It is difficult to see how allowing access
to counsel would adversely affect the ability of the police to go through that
evidence. Perhaps the strongest reason for denying access to counsel is that
the applicant might have digital evidence under his control, and counsel might
advise him not to yield up that evidence. As it stood, it was only an
unsupported assumption that counsel might advise him along those lines; and it
may well be that the applicant has long since his arrest adopted an
uncooperative attitude towards the police, in which event it would seem
doubtful that permitting access to counsel would make him any less
forthcoming.

14 In summary, the prosecution did not appear to have addressed the question
of whether access to counsel in this case would have hindered investigations.
In the absence of evidence, no ruling can be made; in other words, I cannot
hold that permitting the applicant access to counsel on 29 November 2013 would
have hindered investigations. I add that in the absence of evidence I did not
think that permitting the applicant access to counsel on 11 November 2013, the
date on which Mr Ravi first requested access to the applicant, would have
hindered investigations. The Court of Appeal in _Jasbir Singh_ and Tay J in
_Leong Siew Chor_ might have held that two weeks and 19 days respectively was
a “reasonable time” for the arrested persons in those cases not to have had
the right to counsel, but these precedents are not necessarily helpful because
each case turns on its own facts. Had the prosecution made out their case, the
“reasonable time” in this case might have been even longer than two weeks.
There might have been circumstances in those cases which persuaded the courts
that police investigations necessitated denial of access to counsel, but I do
not see any circumstances warranting such denial in this case. It may be
argued that if access to counsel is permitted, there is nothing to stop the
applicant from consulting his counsel for hours upon hours, thereby depriving
the police of much time which could be spent questioning him. Or, the
applicant might refuse to be interviewed by the police unless his counsel was
present. But if these are the concerns, they are better addressed by
delineating the content of the right to counsel, _eg_ , specifying the amount
of time which the arrested person is entitled to spend with his counsel per
day, rather than by doing away with the right entirely so long as
investigations are ongoing. Access to counsel is not unlimited and
unrestricted access. The investigators also need access to the suspect.

15 Accordingly, had the question not been wholly academic, I would have held
that the applicant was entitled to access to his counsel by 29 November 2013.
I do not need to identify the precise moment in time at which the applicant
became entitled to consult counsel, if that were even possible; it suffices to
say that a “reasonable time” had elapsed by 29 November 2013 and the applicant
therefore had become entitled to consult counsel by then. I need not, and do
not, express a view on the applicant’s contention that a “reasonable time”
should be no more than 48 hours, although I do record that this issue had been
argued in full by both parties before me. For the reasons above, the
application is dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

