Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd _v_ Mansource Interior Pte Ltd  
[2014] SGCA 61

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 39 of 2014 (Summons No 1563 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 November 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  A Rajandran (A Rajandran) for the appellant; Edwin Lee
Pheng Khoon, Poonaam Bai and Vani Nair (Eldan Law LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd — Mansource Interior Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2014] 3 SLR 264.]

27 November 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This matter arises out of an adjudication determination (“AD”) dated 12
September 2013 that was issued in favour of the appellant, Citiwall Safety
Glass Pte Ltd (“the Appellant”). The respondent, Mansource Interior Pte Ltd
(“the Respondent”), applied to set aside that AD (“the Disputed AD”). It
failed at first instance before an assistant registrar, but was successful on
appeal before a judicial commissioner of the Supreme Court (“the Judge”),
whose decision is reported in _Mansource Interior Pte Ltd v Citiwall Safety
Glass Pte Ltd_ [2014] 3 SLR 264. The Appellant filed a notice of appeal
against the decision of the Judge. In response, the Respondent filed the
present application, Summons No 1563 of 2014 (“the Present Summons”), to
strike out the Appellant’s notice of appeal on the following grounds:

(a) The Appellant failed to obtain the requisite leave to appeal to the Court
of Appeal as required under s 34(2)(_a_) of the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”).

(b) The Appellant failed to provide the mandatory security required under O 57
r 3(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of
Court”) read with para 86 of the _Supreme Court Practice Directions_ (1
January 2013 release) (“the Practice Directions”).

2 When the parties appeared before us to present their oral arguments, we
indicated that we were not minded to strike out the Appellant’s notice of
appeal based on the second ground. Our reasons for taking this view are set
out at [96]–[97] below. In comparison, the first ground gave rise to some
interesting and important issues concerning the proper basis of the court’s
jurisdiction when considering challenges against an AD and/or a judgment
entered in the terms of an AD. We therefore took time to consider these issues
carefully.

Background facts

3 It is helpful to begin with the material background facts. On or about 21
December 2012, the Appellant was awarded a sub-contract by the Respondent to
undertake the supply and installation of wall finishes for a building project.
The contract sum was approximately $1,252,750.

4 On 5 August 2013, the Appellant submitted its final payment claim for the
sum of $322,536.65.

5 On 21 August 2013, the Respondent served a payment response on the Appellant
indicating its view that an amount of only $93,732.10 was due to the
Appellant. Accordingly, the Appellant submitted a tax invoice for the agreed
amount of $93,732.10.

6 On 23 August 2013, the Appellant issued the Respondent a Notice of Intention
to Apply for Adjudication as there was a dispute over the payment amount
sought by the Appellant.

7 On the same day, the Appellant lodged with the Singapore Mediation Centre
(“the SMC”) an Adjudication Application pursuant to the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
SOPA”). This was served on the Respondent on 29 August 2013.

8 On 5 September 2013, the Respondent lodged its Adjudication Response.

9 On 12 September 2013, the Disputed AD was issued. The adjudicator determined
that the Respondent was liable to pay the Appellant the sum of $223,956.50
(this worked out to $239,633.46 after taking into account goods and services
tax (“GST”) of 7%). It may be noted that the adjudicator determined that the
Respondent’s Adjudication Response had been filed out of time contrary to r
2.2 of the SMC’s Adjudication Procedure Rules (“the SMC Rules”) even though it
had been filed within the seven-day period stipulated in s 15(1) of the SOPA.
As a result, the Respondent’s Adjudication Response was not considered at all
by the adjudicator.

10 The Respondent did not make payment to the Appellant in accordance with the
Disputed AD. On 20 September 2013, the Appellant issued Originating Summons No
886 of 2013 (“OS 886/2013”) against the Respondent seeking leave of the court
to enforce the Disputed AD as a judgment. The Appellant obtained an order of
court dated 24 September 2013 granting it leave (“the Leave Order”), and went
on to enter a judgment dated 26 September 2013 requiring the Respondent to
make payment pursuant to the Disputed AD (“the Disputed Judgment”).

11 On 18 October 2013, the Respondent applied to the High Court by way of
Summons No 5468 of 2013 to set aside the Disputed AD, the Leave Order and the
Disputed Judgment. The application (referred to hereafter as “the Respondent’s
setting-aside application” where appropriate to the context) was dismissed by
an assistant registrar.

12 The Respondent appealed against the assistant registrar’s decision. On 17
February 2014, the Judge allowed the Respondent’s appeal and set aside the
Disputed AD, the Leave Order and the Disputed Judgment. For present purposes,
it may be noted that the Judge found that r 2.2 of the SMC Rules was _ultra
vires_ in that it was contrary to s 15(1) of the SOPA. He held that as the
Respondent’s Adjudication Response had not been considered by the adjudicator
on the erroneous basis that it had been lodged contrary to the terms of r 2.2
of the SMC Rules, the Disputed AD had been issued in breach of natural
justice.

13 On 10 March 2014, the Appellant filed a notice of appeal to the Court of
Appeal against the whole of the Judge’s decision.

14 On the same day, the Appellant filed a Certificate for Security for Costs
(by way of an undertaking) with its solicitors’ certification that they had
furnished an undertaking in accordance with O 57 r 3 of the Rules of Court.
The Appellant’s solicitors undertook to hold the sum of $15,000 by way of
security for the Respondent’s costs of the appeal.

15 On 24 March 2014, the Respondent filed the Present Summons to strike out
the Appellant’s notice of appeal.

The issues before this court

16 There are two issues before us, namely:

(a) whether the Appellant’s notice of appeal should be struck out because the
Appellant did not first obtain leave to appeal (“Issue 1”); and

(b) whether the Appellant’s notice of appeal should be struck out because the
Appellant failed to provide $20,000 by way of security for costs (“Issue 2”).

The Respondent’s submissions

17 The Respondent’s case on Issue 1 is, in essence, that the Appellant is
required to obtain leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal by virtue of s
34(2)(_a_) of the SCJA on the following bases:

(a) The value of the subject matter of the Appellant’s appeal is less than
$250,000 and, therefore, s 34(2)(_a_) of the SCJA is engaged.

(b) The courts have struck out or dismissed appeals similar to the Appellant’s
appeal in circumstances where the requisite leave to appeal under s 34(2)(_a_)
was not obtained.

(c) Although s 34(2A) (specifically, s 34(2A)(_c_) for the purposes of the
Present Summons) sets out an exception to s 34(2)(_a_), this exception does
not apply because there is no law requiring the Respondent’s setting-aside
application, which concerns (in essence) the setting aside of an AD, to be
heard and determined by the High Court in the exercise of its original
jurisdiction. According to the Respondent, the High Court’s power to set aside
an AD is an aspect of its _supervisory_ jurisdiction and not its _original_
jurisdiction.

18 As to Issue 2, the Respondent submits that the Appellant has not provided
sufficient security for its costs of the appeal as mandated under O 57 r 3(3)
of the Rules of Court read with para 86(2) of the Practice Directions, in
that:

(a) the required amount of security is $20,000 since the Appellant is
appealing against a final rather than an interlocutory order; and

(b) the Appellant has refused to comply with the relevant provisions despite
having been informed of the shortfall in the amount of security which it
provided, and has not offered any explanation for this.

The Appellant’s submissions

19 As against this, the Appellant contends in relation to Issue 1 that
pursuant to s 34(2A)(_c_) of the SCJA, the requirement to obtain leave to
appeal under s 34(2)(_a_) does not apply because:

(a) The Appellant filed OS 886/2013 in the High Court, and this application
was made pursuant to s 27 of the SOPA.

(b) The “court” mentioned in s 27 of the SOPA should be interpreted as
referring to the High Court.

(c) The Respondent’s setting-aside application was made in the same
proceedings (_ie_ , in OS 886/2013) and the decision of the Judge was
therefore given by the High Court in its original jurisdiction. The
jurisdiction exercised by the High Court in such a setting-aside application
is, the Appellant contends, also supervisory in nature, and so is vested only
in the High Court.

20 As to Issue 2, the Appellant submits that it is only required to provide
security in the amount of $15,000 because its appeal relates to an
interlocutory order. According to the Appellant, s 21(1)(_b_) of the SOPA
shows the interim nature of an AD in that it is liable to be set aside in
subsequent proceedings to determine the merits of the dispute between the
parties to the adjudication.

Issue 1: Whether the Appellant’s notice of appeal should be struck out because
the Appellant failed to obtain leave to appeal

The purpose of the requirement to obtain leave to appeal

21 Pursuant to s 34(2)(_a_) of the SCJA, an appellant is required to obtain
leave from a High Court judge to appeal to the Court of Appeal where the value
of the subject matter of the appeal is less than $250,000:

(2) Except with the leave of a Judge, no appeal shall be brought to the Court
of Appeal in any of the following cases:

(_a_) where the amount in dispute, or the value of the subject-matter, at the
hearing before the High Court (excluding interest and costs) does not exceed
$250,000 or such other amount as may be specified by an order made under
subsection (3) …

…

22 The purpose of the leave mechanism under s 34(2)(_a_) of the SCJA is to
ensure that non-serious and unmeritorious appeals are sieved out, as stated by
the Minister for Law at the second reading of the Supreme Court of Judicature
(Amendment) Bill 1998 (Bill 40 of 1998), which (after its enactment as the
Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 1998 (Act 43 of 1998)) raised the
limit under the version of s 34(2)(_a_) as it then stood from $30,000 to
$250,000 (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (26 November
1998) vol 69 at cols 1629–1630 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for Law)):

Sir, on 1st August 1997, the District Courts’ jurisdiction in civil matters
was raised from $100,000 to $250,000. As a result, more than 1,500 (The exact
figure, updated to 19th November 1998, is 1,544 cases.) claims exceeding
$100,000 have been filed in the District Courts since August 1997. This has
helped to reduce the number of claims filed in the High Court.

However, under section 34(2)(a) of the [Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 1985 Rev Ed)], appeals to the Court of Appeal from decisions of the High
Court in civil matters can still be made as a matter of right, ie, without
first obtaining leave of the Court, if the value of the subject matter exceeds
$30,000.

In view of the enhanced District Courts’ jurisdiction to $250,000 in civil
matters, the Chief Justice has proposed that the existing $30,000 limit in
section 34(2)(a) be raised to $250,000. In other words, bring its limit in
line with the enhancement. If the limit is not raised to $250,000, District
Court cases of less than $250,000 can first go on appeal to the High Court and
then [the] Court of Appeal. This would strain the limited resources of the
Court of Appeal.

...

I should point out that the new limits will not have the effect of preventing
meritorious appeals from being heard, even if they concern claims below the
new limits. _The requirement for leave is essentially a screening mechanism to
sieve out non-serious and unmeritorious appeals._ Appeals can still be brought
with the leave of court in cases falling below the new limits.

[emphasis added]

23 In the present case, the amount in dispute is $243,485.46. The components
of this amount are as follows:[note: 1]

(a) adjudicated amount: $239,633.46 (including GST);

(b) adjudication application fee: $642.00 (including GST); and

(c) adjudicator’s fee: $3,210.00 (including GST).

24 The Appellant argues that the requirement to obtain leave to appeal under s
34(2)(_a_) of the SCJA does not apply by reason of s 34(2A)(_c_), which
states:

(2A) Subsection (2)(_a_) shall not apply to any case heard and determined by
the High Court in the exercise of its original jurisdiction under —

...

(_c_) any written law which requires that case to be heard and determined by
the High Court in the exercise of its original jurisdiction.

25 It is therefore necessary for us to consider:

(a) whether the Respondent’s setting-aside application was required by virtue
of any written law to be heard and determined by the High Court; and

(b) if so, whether the High Court would be exercising its original
jurisdiction in hearing and determining such an application.

The relevant statutory provisions governing the enforcement of and setting
aside of an AD

26 It is apposite first to set out the statutory regime governing the
enforcement of and challenges to an AD.

Section 27 of the SOPA

27 Section 27 of the SOPA is the provision which allows an AD, if leave of the
court is granted, to be enforced in the same manner as a court judgment. It
provides as follows:

**Enforcement of adjudication determination as judgment debt, etc.**

**27.** —(1) An adjudication determination made under this Act may, with leave
of the court, be enforced in the same manner as a judgment or an order of the
court to the same effect.

(2) Where leave of the court is so granted, judgment may be entered in the
terms of the adjudication determination.

(3) An application for leave to enforce an adjudication determination may not
be filed in court under this section unless it is accompanied by an affidavit
by the applicant stating that the whole or part of the adjudicated amount has
not been paid at the time the application is filed.

(4) If the affidavit referred to in subsection (3) indicates that part of the
adjudicated amount has been paid, the judgment shall be for the unpaid part of
the adjudicated amount.

(5) Where any party to an adjudication commences proceedings to set aside the
adjudication determination or the judgment obtained pursuant to this section,
he shall pay into the court as security the unpaid portion of the adjudicated
amount that he is required to pay, in such manner as the court directs or as
provided in the Rules of Court (Cap. 322, R 5), pending the final
determination of those proceedings.

Order 95 of the Rules of Court

28 Order 95 of the Rules of Court sets out the procedure to be followed in an
application for leave to enforce an AD, as well as in an application to set
aside an AD and/or a judgment entered in the terms of an AD after leave to
enforce it has been granted (a “s 27 judgment”). The relevant parts of O 95
are as follows:

**ORDER 95**

**Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act**

**Interpretation (O. 95, r. 1)**

**1.** —(1) In this Order, “Act” means the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act (Cap. 30B) and any reference to a section shall be
construed as a reference to a section in the Act.

...

(3) An application to which this Order applies must be made —

(_a_) where an action is pending, by summons in the action; and

(_b_) in any other case, by originating summons.

**Application for enforcement of adjudication determination (O. 95, r. 2)**

**2.** —(1) An application for leave to enforce an adjudication determination
under section 27 shall be made to the Registrar by ex parte originating
summons or summons.

(2) The supporting affidavit for an application referred to in paragraph (1)
must —

(_a_) exhibit the original adjudication determination and the contract to
which the adjudication determination relates or, in either case, a copy
thereof;

(_b_) state the name and the usual or last known place of business of the
applicant and the person against whom it is sought to enforce the adjudication
determination (referred to in this Rule as the debtor), respectively; and

(_c_) state the unpaid portion of the adjudicated amount.

(3) An order granting leave must be drawn up by or on behalf of the applicant,
and must be served on the debtor —

(_a_) by delivering a copy to him personally;

(_b_) by sending a copy to him at his usual or last known place of business;
or

(_c_) in such other manner as the Court may direct.

(4) Within 14 days after being served with the order granting leave, the
debtor may apply to set aside the adjudication determination and the
adjudication determination shall not be enforced until after the expiration of
that period or, if the debtor applies within that period to set aside the
adjudication determination, until after the application is finally disposed
of.

...

**Application to set aside adjudication determination or judgment (O. 95, r.
3)**

**3.** —(1) An application to set aside an adjudication determination or a
judgment must be supported by an affidavit which must —

(_a_) have exhibited to it a copy of the adjudication determination and the
contract to which the adjudication determination relates, and any other
document relied on by the applicant;

(_b_) state the grounds on which it is contended that the adjudication
determination or judgment, as the case may be, should be set aside;

(_c_) set out any evidence relied on by the applicant; and

(_d_) be served with the application.

...

(4) If the party who is entitled to enforce the adjudication determination or
the judgment wishes to oppose the application referred to in paragraph (1), he
must file an affidavit stating the grounds on which he opposes the application
within 14 days after being served with the application and the supporting
affidavit.

(5) In this Rule, “judgment” means a judgment obtained pursuant to section 27.

29 In summary, this is the scheme of the statutory provisions governing the
enforcement of an AD:

(a) The application for leave to enforce an AD is to be made to the Registrar
by _ex parte_ originating summons or summons: see O 95 r 2(1).

(b) Where the Registrar makes an order granting leave to enforce an AD (a “s
27 leave order”), that order must be served on the party against whom the AD
is to be enforced (the “debtor”): see O 95 r 2(3).

(c) Thereafter, a s 27 judgment may be entered: see s 27(2) of the SOPA. It
appears from a literal reading of s 27(2) that this may be done once leave to
enforce has been granted, subject to the obligation to serve the s 27 leave
order on the debtor: see O 95 r 2(3).

(d) Within 14 days after being served with the s 27 leave order, the debtor
may apply to set aside the AD, which shall then not be enforced until the
setting-aside application is finally disposed of: see O 95 r 2(4). The
reference in O 95 r 2(4) is, specifically, to the setting aside of an AD; but
the better view, in our judgment, is that in keeping with the scheme of
expeditious resolution under the SOPA, the time limit set out in O 95 r 2(4)
applies not only to an application to set aside an AD, but also to an
application to set aside a s 27 judgment.

(e) Even after a s 27 judgment has been entered, but no later than 14 days
after being served with the s 27 leave order, the debtor may apply to set
aside the AD and/or the s 27 judgment: see O 95 r 3(1) read with O 95 r 2(4).

30 Neither s 27 of the SOPA nor O 95 of the Rules of Court expressly
stipulates that an application, whether for leave to enforce an AD or for the
setting aside of an AD and/or a s 27 judgment, must be brought in the High
Court.

31 As can be seen from the reliefs prayed for in the Respondent’s setting-
aside application, in the context of an application to set aside an AD, there
are three orders or judgments that might potentially be set aside:

(a) the AD itself;

(b) the s 27 leave order; and

(c) the s 27 judgment.

32 Order 95 r 2(4) expressly provides that within 14 days after being served
with a s 27 leave order, the debtor may apply to set aside the AD, which shall
then not be enforced until the setting-aside application is finally disposed
of. However, the statutory regime does not expressly state whether, if an AD
is set aside, the s 27 leave order should also be set aside. In _JFC Builders
Pte Ltd v LionCity Construction Co Ptd Ltd_ [2013] 1 SLR 1157 (“ _JFC
Builders_ ”), the High Court held that there was no need to apply to set aside
a s 27 leave order when the AD was itself set aside because the s 27 leave
order would then have ceased to be effective (at [19]). In our judgment, this
is correct.

33 The wording of O 95 r 3(1) suggests that even after a s 27 judgment has
been entered, the debtor may apply to set aside the AD and/or the s 27
judgment. It may be argued that once a s 27 judgment has been entered, the AD
has merged into the s 27 judgment. Nonetheless, in our view, it would be
advisable in such circumstances for the debtor to apply to set aside _both_
the AD and the s 27 judgment in order to extinguish its liability to the party
seeking to enforce the AD (the “creditor”). In general, where an AD has been
set aside, the s 27 judgment ought in any case to be set aside as well.
Conversely, where a s 27 judgment has been set aside, the debtor should apply
for the AD to be set aside too. This is because if a s 27 judgment is set
aside solely on the basis of any procedural irregularity affecting only the
grant of the s 27 leave order, the setting aside of that s 27 judgment will
not extinguish the debtor’s liability to the creditor if the AD itself is not
set aside. Therefore, it would be prudent for a debtor wishing to extinguish
any liability to its creditor under the SOPA adjudication regime to apply to
the court to set aside both the AD and any s 27 judgment entered in its terms
if grounds exist for this to be done.

Whether there is any written law which requires an application to set aside an
AD and/or a s 27 judgment to be heard and determined by the High Court

Whether the express statutory provisions specify the relevant court

34 We turn now to the substantive issues in this case. As we have noted above
at [30], there is no express statutory provision in either the SOPA or the
Rules of Court which expressly states that only the High Court can hear and
determine an application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment. Section
27(5) of the SOPA makes a brief reference to the setting aside of an AD and/or
a s 27 judgment, but it merely states that where any party to an adjudication
commences proceedings to set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment, he shall
provide security for the unpaid portion of the adjudicated amount. Order 95 r
2(4) of the Rules of Court expressly provides that a debtor may apply to set
aside an AD within 14 days after being served with the s 27 leave order, but
it does not specify the court which can hear and determine such a setting-
aside application. In this regard, O 95 r 3(1), which sets out the procedure
for “[a]n application to set aside an adjudication determination _or a
judgment_ ” [emphasis added] (_cf_ O 95 r 2(4), which refers only to the
setting aside of an AD), likewise does not specify the relevant court.

35 We also note that s 27 of the SOPA does not require an application for
leave to enforce an AD to be heard and determined by the High Court. The term
“court” as used in s 27 is not defined in the SOPA. Under s 2 of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), “court” means “any court of competent
jurisdiction in Singapore”, “unless there is something in the subject or
context inconsistent with such construction or unless it is therein otherwise
expressly provided”. It follows that, as pointed out in Chow Kok Fong,
_Security of Payments and Construction Adjudication_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed,
2013) (“ _Chow Kok Fong_ ”) at para 18.94, the word “court” in s 27 is capable
of referring to a Magistrate’s Court, a District Court or the High Court:

The term ‘court’ is not defined in the [SOPA]. Section 2 of the Interpretation
Act defines the term to mean ‘any court of competent jurisdiction in
Singapore’. It is thus capable of referring to the Magistrate’s Court, the
District Court or the High Court. It is suggested that in determining the
court to which a particular application should be made, the governing
consideration is the jurisdictional limits of each of the courts. These are
defined in terms of the monetary quantum of the matter concerned. … Thus the
quantum of the adjudicated amount determines the particular court to which the
application for enforcement should be made.

36 This is also supported by O 95 r 2(1) of the Rules of Court, which states
that “[a]n application for leave to enforce an adjudication determination
under section 27 shall be made to the Registrar”. “Registrar” is defined in
the following terms in O 1 r 4 of the Rules of Court:

“Registry” means the Registry of the Supreme Court, the Registry of the Family
Justice Courts or the Registry of the State Courts, as the case may be, and
references to the Registrar shall be construed accordingly …

37 The ministerial speech at the second reading of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Bill 2004 (Bill 54 of 2004), which
was later enacted as the Building and Construction Industry Security of
Payment Act 2004 (Act 57 of 2004) (the predecessor of the SOPA), does not shed
light on the question of which court may hear and determine an application for
leave to enforce an AD, or for the setting aside of an AD and/or a s 27
judgment: see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (16 November
2004) vol 78 at cols 1112–1138 (Mr Cedric Foo Chee Keng, Minister of State for
National Development).

38 In the circumstances, one might have thought that if a District Court has
granted leave to enforce an AD, then it ought to be possible for the debtor to
apply to the same court to set aside that AD and the s 27 judgment. However,
for the reasons elaborated on below, we do not consider this to be correct.

39 In _JFC Builders_ , the High Court noted as follows in relation to the
prevailing practice of bringing an application to set aside an AD before the
High Court:

15 Counsel for the Plaintiff explained that in a previous similar case, a
District Judge had decided that the District Court has no jurisdiction to set
aside an AD because the review or consideration of such a determination is an
exercise of supervisory power which the District Court does not have. After an
appeal was filed to the High Court against that decision, the High Court
agreed with the decision of the District Judge. Accordingly, in the present
case, counsel for the Plaintiff filed its application in the High Court to set
aside both the AD and the District Court Order granting leave to enforce the
AD.

…

20 Nevertheless, it does seem strange that an application for leave to enforce
an AD may be made to the District Court but an application to set aside such
an AD must be made in the High Court. I am of the view that such a dichotomy
will trip many a solicitor as happened in the previous case mentioned by the
Plaintiff’s counsel. Indeed, it seemed to me that he was aware of it only
because he or his firm acted in the previous case when the client’s
application to set aside an AD failed because it was filed in the wrong court.

21 I hope that the process can be streamlined, whether by amendment of the
Rules [of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)] or otherwise, so that in future
any application for leave to enforce will be made in the High Court.

40 Arising from this, there are two questions to be asked:

(a) Is the court exercising its supervisory jurisdiction in hearing an
application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment?

(b) If so, is the High Court the only court that has supervisory jurisdiction
and, thus, the only court that can hear and determine such a setting-aside
application?

Whether the court is exercising its supervisory jurisdiction in hearing an
application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment

41 In our judgment, the court is exercising its supervisory jurisdiction in
hearing and determining an application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27
judgment.

42 It has been held that the expression “supervisory jurisdiction” refers to
“the inherent power of the superior courts to review the proceedings and
decisions of inferior courts and tribunals or other public bodies discharging
public functions”: see _Haron bin Mundir v Singapore Amateur Athletic
Association_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 494 at [18]–[19], referred to in _Ng Chye Huey
and another v Public Prosecutor_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 106 (“ _Ng Chye Huey_ ”) at
[48]. In _Ng Chye Huey_ , the Court of Appeal stated its understanding of
“supervisory jurisdiction” as follows:

47 Each of these differences [between the High Court’s supervisory
jurisdiction and its revisionary jurisdiction] underscores the _broader_ point
that the revisionary jurisdiction was a _creature of statute_ formulated to
remedy perceived inadequacies in the High Court’s inherent supervisory
jurisdiction over inferior courts. This pre-existing _inherent supervisory
jurisdiction_ is well recognised in the case law. According to Denning LJ (as
he then was) in the English Court of Appeal decision of _R v Northumberland
Compensation Appeal Tribunal_ [1952] 1 KB 338 at 346–347:

_[T]he Court of King’s Bench has an inherent jurisdiction to control all
inferior tribunals, not in an appellate capacity, but in a supervisory
capacity_. This control extends not only to seeing that the inferior tribunals
keep within their jurisdiction, but also to seeking that they observe the law.
The control is exercised by means of a power to quash any determination by the
tribunal which, on the face of it, offends against the law. ... _When the
King’s Bench exercises its control over tribunals in this way, it is not
usurping a jurisdiction which does not belong to it. It is only exercising a
jurisdiction which it has always had_. [emphasis added]

48 Similarly, according to G P Selvam JC (as he then was) in the Singapore
High Court decision of _Haron bin Mundir v Singapore Amateur Athletic
Association_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 494 at [18]–[19] (this particular point was not,
apparently, controverted on appeal: see _Singapore Amateur Athletic
Association v Haron bin Mundir_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 407, especially at [57]):

The law makes a distinction between private law liability and public law
illegality. The following is a lucid statement of the distinction between the
two regimes: _An Introduction to Administrative Law_ by Peter Cane (1985) at p
40:

...

_The public law activities of public bodies are subject to scrutiny and
control by the High Court in the exercise of what is called its ‘supervisory’
jurisdiction_. Under this jurisdiction (which is ‘inherent’, that is, the
product of common law rather than statute) the High Court has power to
‘review’ the activities of public authorities and, in some cases, of private
bodies exercising functions of public importance such as licensing. To be
contrasted with the supervisory jurisdiction is the court’s appellate
jurisdiction. The common law never developed mechanisms for appeals as we
understand them today, and all appellate powers are statutory.

_The expression ‘supervisory jurisdiction’ is a term of art. It is the
inherent power of the superior courts to review the proceedings and decisions
of inferior courts and tribunals or other public bodies discharging public
functions_.

[emphasis in original]

43 Reference may also be made to _Re Mohamed Saleem Ismail_ [1987] SLR(R) 380
at [7] (referred to in _Ng Chye Huey_ at [49]):

… I must stress the obvious because it bears repetition: in the exercise of
the High Court’s supervisory jurisdiction over inferior tribunals including
administrative officers exercising judicial or quasi-judicial functions under
a statute or subsidiary legislation[,] the High Court is supervising and not
reviewing; the High Court in its supervisory capacity cannot substitute its
own views for those of the tribunal or officer which or who had been
statutorily entrusted to make the decision.

44 Further, the Court of Appeal recognised in _Ng Chye Huey_ (at [46]) that
the High Court’s supervisory jurisdiction and its revisionary jurisdiction
overlapped to a considerable degree, but held that there remained sufficient
areas of difference to warrant their treatment as “ _distinct_ bases of
jurisdiction” [emphasis in original]. In this connection, the court referred
(likewise at [46]) to Prof Tan Yock Lin’s analysis of the differences between
the High Court’s supervisory jurisdiction and its revisionary jurisdiction,
which further sheds light on the meaning of “supervisory jurisdiction”:

46 Viewed against this historical context, the High Court’s revisionary
jurisdiction should more properly be regarded as a statutory _hybrid_ of the
pre-existing supervisory and appellate jurisdictions. On this approach, whilst
the scope and ambit of the High Court’s supervisory and revisionary
jurisdictions _overlap_ to a considerable degree, there remain sufficient
areas of difference to warrant their treatment as _distinct_ bases of
jurisdiction. According to Prof Tan in another of his works (see Tan Yock Lin,
“Appellate, Supervisory and Revisionary Jurisdiction” in ch 7 of _The
Singapore Legal System_ (Walter Woon ed) (Longman, 1989) at pp 233–234), the
supervisory and revisionary bases of jurisdiction admit of the following
differences:

(i) supervision extends to all administrative tribunals but revision is
_confined to subordinate courts_ ;

(ii) supervision depends upon party initiative in seeking relief but _revision
may occur on a judge’s initiative_ ;

(iii) supervision generally is confined to questions not touching the merits
of the case but revision will lie on _errors of law and fact_ ;

(iv) supervision is effected by way of prerogative writs but revision is
marked by _complete flexibility of remedies_.

[emphasis added]

45 With the foregoing considerations in mind, we turn to the present context
of a court that is hearing and determining an application to set aside an AD
and/or a s 27 judgment. We agree with the learned author of _Chow Kok Fong_ ,
where he observed as follows (at para 19.9):

… [U]nlike arbitrators, the courts ultimately exercise a _supervisory_
function over any dispute settlement tribunal and this extends to both
arbitration and adjudication proceedings. This function is invoked when an
application is made to the court to enforce an arbitral award or an
adjudication determination. In this latter role, the primary function of the
court is to ensure that the arbitrator or adjudicator acts within his
jurisdiction in that he has to conduct himself properly in accordance with the
terms as framed by the applicable legislation and with the principles of
natural justice. The challenge which is frequently mounted against an
adjudication determination is thus an application to the courts to exercise
this _supervisory_ function. [emphasis added]

46 This is consistent with the way the Court of Appeal expressed its
understanding of the role of the court in this context in _Lee Wee Lick
Terence (alias Li Weili Terence) v Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt
Construction Engineering) and another appeal_ [2013] 1 SLR 401:

66 Turning now to the court’s role in a setting-aside action, we agree with
the holding in _SEF Construction_ [_Pte Ltd v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1
SLR 733] that the court should not review the merits of an adjudicator’s
decision. The court does, however, have the power to decide whether the
adjudicator was validly appointed. If there is no payment claim or service of
a payment claim, the appointment of an adjudicator will be invalid, and the
resulting adjudication determination would be null and void.

67 Even if there is a payment claim and service of that payment claim, the
court may still set aside the adjudication determination on the ground that
the claimant, in the course of making an adjudication application, has not
complied with one (or more) of the provisions under the [SOPA] which is so
important that it is the legislative purpose that an act done in breach of the
provision should be invalid, whether it is labelled as an essential condition
or a mandatory condition. A breach of such a provision would result in the
adjudication determination being invalid.

47 An AD and/or a s 27 judgment may also be set aside if the adjudicator
failed to comply with the rules of natural justice in the course of the
adjudication: see _SEF Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1
SLR 733 at [45] and s 16(3)(_c_) of the SOPA.

48 Put simply, in hearing an application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27
judgment, the court does not review the merits of the adjudicator’s decision,
and any setting aside must be premised on issues relating to the jurisdiction
of the adjudicator, a breach of natural justice or non-compliance with the
SOPA. Applications to set aside ADs and/or s 27 judgments are thus _akin_ to
judicial review proceedings, and are not appeals on the merits of the
adjudicator’s decision. In our judgment, it is consistent with the purpose of
the SOPA, which is to facilitate cash flow in the building and construction
industry, that the court, in hearing such applications, does not review the
merits of the AD in question. It may be noted that in keeping with its
statutory purpose, the SOPA establishes that parties who have done work or
supplied goods are entitled to payment as of right; it also sets out an
intervening process of adjudication which, although provisional in nature, is
final and binding on the parties to the adjudication until their differences
are ultimately and conclusively determined. In other words, the adjudication
regime under the SOPA seeks to achieve temporary finality: see _W Y Steel
Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 380 at [18].

49 The view that the court is exercising its supervisory jurisdiction when it
hears an application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment is strengthened
further when one considers that the court, in hearing such an application, is
not solely concerned with the procedural propriety of the process by which the
creditor obtained its s 27 leave order, such as whether the creditor made full
and frank disclosure in its _ex parte_ application for the s 27 leave order.
This is because focusing only on the procedural propriety of the process by
which the creditor obtained its s 27 leave order would not address the real
concern of the debtor, which is to set aside the underlying AD and/or the s 27
judgment entered pursuant to that AD. Instead, the court, in hearing such a
setting-aside application, is concerned with the propriety of the AD itself
(that is to say, with issues relating to the jurisdiction of the adjudicator,
including non-compliance with the SOPA, and procedural propriety in the
adjudication, including whether there was a breach of natural justice). These
go beyond the usual concerns which the court takes into account in deciding
whether an order obtained pursuant to an _ex parte_ application should be set
aside for non-disclosure.

50 It is undoubtedly the case that the court exercises its supervisory
jurisdiction primarily through the making of prerogative orders, namely,
mandatory orders, prohibiting orders, quashing orders and orders for review of
detention. The court’s power to issue such orders is set out in para 1 of the
First Schedule of the SCJA, and the procedure for invoking these remedies may
be found in O 53 of the Rules of Court. In our judgment, the remedy that is
invoked in an application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment is _akin_
to a quashing order. However, unlike the regime relating to prerogative
orders, the regime for setting aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment is provided
for by statute in s 27 of the SOPA, and the procedure for making such a
setting-aside application is separately provided for in O 95 of the Rules of
Court. Order 53 of the Rules of Court, which (as we have just mentioned)
concerns applications for prerogative orders, is thus not applicable to
applications for the setting aside of an AD and/or a s 27 judgment. But, this
does not entail the conclusion that the court is therefore not exercising its
supervisory jurisdiction in hearing such setting-aside applications. That must
depend in the final analysis on the basis of the setting-aside application at
hand and, consequently, the nature of the judicial function that is being
exercised in the case in question.

51 For these reasons, we are satisfied that the court, in hearing an
application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment, is exercising its
supervisory jurisdiction. This leads to the next question – which court may
exercise such jurisdiction?

Whether the High Court is the only court that has supervisory jurisdiction

52 In our judgment, the High Court is the only court that has supervisory
jurisdiction and, hence, it is the only court that has jurisdiction to hear
and determine an application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment.

53 Section 27(1) of the SCJA, which sets out the “general supervisory and
revisionary jurisdiction” of the High Court, expressly provides that the High
Court has “supervisory” jurisdiction over “all subordinate courts”:

**General supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction of High Court**

**27.** —(1) In addition to the powers conferred on the High Court by this Act
or any other written law, the High Court shall have general supervisory and
revisionary jurisdiction over all subordinate courts.

...

54 It should be noted that the “supervisory” jurisdiction under s 27(1) of the
SCJA is over “all subordinate courts”. A “subordinate court” is defined in s 2
of the SCJA as “a court constituted under the State Courts Act (Cap. 321), a
Family Court or Youth Court constituted under the Family Justice Act 2014, and
any other court, tribunal or judicial or quasi-judicial body from the
decisions of which under any written law there is a right of appeal to the
Supreme Court”. Hence, the “supervisory” jurisdiction under s 27(1) of the
SCJA does not extend to inferior tribunals from the decisions of which there
is no right of appeal to the Supreme Court. Besides the High Court’s
supervisory jurisdiction over “all subordinate courts” in s 27(1) of the SCJA,
the Court of Appeal noted in _Ng Chye Huey_ at [53] that the High Court has an
“inherent” supervisory jurisdiction over “inferior tribunals”. The court
arrived at this conclusion on the grounds that: (a) this inherent supervisory
jurisdiction is well recognised in case law (see _Ng Chye Huey_ at [47]); and
(b) Parliament never enacted any provision regulating the High Court’s powers
of supervision over such tribunals (see _Ng Chye Huey_ at [49]).

55 In contrast, s 19(3) of the State Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the
State Courts Act”) expressly states that a District Court’s jurisdiction does
not include any supervisory jurisdiction:

**General civil jurisdiction**

**19.** —(1) A District Court exercising civil jurisdiction shall be a court
of record.

(2) Subject to subsections (3) and (4), a District Court shall have all the
jurisdiction of the High Court to hear and try any action in personam where —

(_a_) the defendant is served with a writ of summons or any other originating
process —

(i) in Singapore in the manner prescribed by Rules of Court; or

(ii) outside Singapore in the circumstances authorised by and in the manner
prescribed by Rules of Court; or

(_b_) the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of a District Court.

(3) Subject to section 28A of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap. 322)
and any order under subsection (1) thereof, a District Court’s jurisdiction
under subsection (2) _shall not include_ —

(_a_) _any supervisory jurisdiction_ or revisionary jurisdiction;

(_b_) any jurisdiction relating to the judicial review of any act done or
decision made by any person or authority, including the issue of any of the
following prerogative orders:

(i) a Mandatory Order;

(ii) a Prohibiting Order;

(iii) a Quashing Order;

(iv) an Order for Review of Detention;

(_c_) any jurisdiction vested exclusively in the High Court, in a Youth Court,
in any other State Court, or in any judicial, quasi-judicial or administrative
tribunal, by written law; and

(_d_) any jurisdiction expressly excluded by written law.

...

(6) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (2), a District Court
shall have such jurisdiction as is vested in it by any other written law.

[emphasis added]

56 Although s 19(6) provides that a District Court shall have “such
jurisdiction as is vested in it by any other written law”, this is subject to
the proviso “[w]ithout prejudice to the generality of subsection (2)”. Section
19(2) in turn states that a District Court’s jurisdiction is subject to, among
other provisions, s 19(3), which stipulates that a District Court’s
jurisdiction shall not include any supervisory jurisdiction.

57 As for the jurisdiction of the Magistrates’ Courts, s 52 of the State
Courts Act sets out the civil jurisdiction of these courts as follows:

**Civil jurisdiction of Magistrates’ Courts**

**52.** —(1) Subject to subsection (1A), a Magistrate’s Court shall have all
the jurisdiction of the High Court to hear and try any action in personam
where —

(_a_) the defendant is served with a writ of summons or any other originating
process —

(i) in Singapore in the manner prescribed by Rules of Court; or

(ii) outside Singapore in the circumstances authorised by and in the manner
prescribed by Rules of Court; or

(_b_) the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of a Magistrate’s Court.

(1A) The jurisdiction of a Magistrate’s Court under subsection (1) shall not
include jurisdiction to hear and try any action where —

(_a_) there is no claim for any sum of money;

(_b_) the amount claimed in the action exceeds the Magistrate’s Court limit;
or

(_c_) any remedy or relief sought in the action, in addition or as an
alternative to the amount claimed in the action, is in respect of a subject-
matter the value of which exceeds the Magistrate’s Court limit.

...

(2) In exercising its jurisdiction under subsection (1) or powers under
subsection (1B), a Magistrate’s Court shall be subject to the same limitations
and provisions as are applicable to a District Court under this Act.

…

58 We note that s 52 of the State Courts Act does not include a direct
equivalent of s 19(3), which states that a District Court’s jurisdiction shall
not extend to supervisory jurisdiction. However, s 52(2) states that a
Magistrate’s Court, in exercising its jurisdiction and powers, “shall be
subject to the same limitations and provisions as are applicable to a District
Court”. While we recognise that s 52(2) deals with limiting the exercise of a
Magistrate Court’s jurisdiction and powers rather than the existence of such
jurisdiction and powers, in our judgment, by virtue of s 52(2), a Magistrate’s
Court is subject to the same jurisdictional limits as those which apply to a
District Court. On this basis, supervisory jurisdiction is excluded from the
jurisdiction of a Magistrate’s Court. This must be so because a Magistrate’s
Court ranks lower than a District Court in the hierarchy of courts in our
legal system. In any case, s 52(1A) provides that a Magistrate’s Court does
not have jurisdiction to hear and try, among other actions, any action where
there is no claim for any sum of money. An application to set aside an AD
and/or a s 27 judgment is not a claim for any sum of money and, hence, would
not fall within the jurisdiction of a Magistrate’s Court to begin with.

59 Since ss 19(3) and 52 of the State Courts Act preclude the District Courts
and the Magistrates’ Courts from exercising any supervisory jurisdiction, we
hold that these sections constitute written laws, the effect of which is to
require that an application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment be heard
and determined only by the High Court.

Whether the High Court is exercising its original jurisdiction in hearing and
determining an application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment

60 The Respondent accepts that the court is exercising its supervisory
jurisdiction when it hears an application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27
judgment, but argues that s 34(2A)(_c_) of the SCJA applies only when the High
Court is exercising its _original_ jurisdiction, and not when it is exercising
its _supervisory_ jurisdiction. We reject this argument, which posits that the
High Court’s original jurisdiction is distinct from and mutually exclusive of
its supervisory jurisdiction. The issue is essentially one of construing the
relevant statutory provisions – namely, ss 15–28 of the SCJA – in their proper
context. In our judgment, it is clear from these provisions that the High
Court’s supervisory jurisdiction over inferior tribunals and its original
jurisdiction are not mutually exclusive; rather, the former is part of the
latter.

Factors indicating that the High Court’s supervisory jurisdiction is part of
its original jurisdiction

(1) Case law

61 In _Ng Chye Huey_ , the Court of Appeal opined, with reference to the
Indian Supreme Court’s decision in _State of Uttar Pradesh v Dr Vijay Anand
Maharaj_ [1963] 1 SCR 1 (“ _Dr Vijay_ ”), that the system of revisionary
jurisdiction which Singapore inherited from India did not include the power to
issue prerogative writs; instead, this power stemmed from the “extraordinary
original jurisdiction” of the High Court to “keep the subordinate tribunals
within bounds”. The relevant passage from _Ng Chye Huey_ bears quoting at some
length:

52 The _dicta_ in [_In re Applications of Chong Fye Lee & Toong Hing Loong Tin
Mining Co Ltd_ [1965] 1 MLJ 29] and _Tan Hock Chuan [v Tan Tiong Hwa [2002] 2
SLR(R) 90]_ , if taken to their logical conclusion, would appear to suggest
that the High Court’s statutory revisionary jurisdiction has _completely
superseded_ the scope of its erstwhile supervisory jurisdiction. However, with
respect, the approaches in these two cases failed to consider the considerable
body of Indian jurisprudence which has explained that the Indian High Court’s
jurisdiction to issue the prerogative writs is derived from a source _distinct
from and independent of_ its appellate or revisionary jurisdictions. In _State
of Uttar Pradesh v Dr Vijay Anand Maharaj_ [1963] 1 SCR 1 (“ _Dr Vijay_ ”),
the Supreme Court of India considered the _type_ of jurisdiction that had been
conferred upon the Indian High Courts by way of Art 226 of the Indian
Constitution, which gave these courts the discretion to issue prerogative
writs. This Article is, in all material respects, to the same effect as s
18(2) of our SCJA [_ie_ , the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999
Rev Ed)] read with para I of the First Schedule. According to the Supreme
Court in _Dr Viyay_ (at 14–16):

This leads us to the consideration of the question of the scope of the
proceedings under Art. 226 of the Constitution.

Article 226 confers a power on a High Court to issue the writs, orders, or
directions mentioned therein for the enforcement of any of the rights
conferred by Part III or for any other purpose. _This is neither an appellate
nor a revisional jurisdiction of the High Court_. _Though the power is not
confined to the prerogative writs issued by the English Courts, it is modelled
on the said writs mainly to enable the High Courts to keep the subordinate
tribunals within bounds_. Before the Constitution, the chartered High Court,
that is, the High Courts at Bombay, Calcutta and Madras, were issuing
prerogative writs similar to those issued by the King’s Bench Division,
subject to the same limitations imposed on the said writs. In _Venkataratnam_
v. _Secretary of State for India_ , a division Bench of the Madras High Court,
consisting of Venkatasubba Rao and Madhavan Nair, JJ., held that the
jurisdiction to issue a writ of certiorari was original jurisdiction. ...

_The Calcutta High Court, in_ Budge Budge Municipality _v_. Mangru, _came to
the same conclusion, namely, that the jurisdiction exercised under Art. 226 of
the Constitution is original as distinguished from appellate or revisional
jurisdiction; but the High Court pointed out that the jurisdiction, though
original, is a special jurisdiction and should not be confused with ordinary
civil jurisdiction under the Letters Patent_. The Andhra High Court in
_Satyanarayanamurthi_ v. _I. T. Appellate Tribunal_ described it as an
extraordinary original jurisdiction. It is, therefore, clear from the nature
of the power conferred under Art. 226 of the Constitution and the decisions on
the subject that the High Court in exercise of its power under Art. 226 of the
Constitution exercises original jurisdiction, though the said jurisdiction
shall not be confused with the ordinary civil jurisdiction of the High Court.
_This jurisdiction, though original in character as contrasted with its
appellate and revisional jurisdictions, is exercisable throughout the
territories in relation to which it exercises jurisdiction and may, for
convenience, be described as extraordinary original jurisdiction_.

[emphasis added]

53 The _dictum_ above makes it clear that the system of revisionary
jurisdiction that Singapore inherited from India did _not_ include the power
to issue prerogative writs. Instead, to use the language of the court in _Dr
Vijay_ , this jurisdiction stemmed from the “extraordinary original
jurisdiction” of the High Court to “keep the subordinate tribunals within
bounds”. In this context, the term “extraordinary original jurisdiction” was
clearly just an alternative means of referring to the High Court’s
“supervisory” jurisdiction over inferior tribunals. That being the case, we
ultimately formed the view that the High Court’s inherent _supervisory_
jurisdiction which existed historically at common law is _still_ very much a
part of our judicial system, _and_ remains _distinct_ from the statutory
revisionary jurisdiction subsequently adopted by way of the 1900 Code [_ie_ ,
the Criminal Procedure Code 1900 (Ord 21 of 1900) of the Straits Settlements]
(although it has been held, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Tan Eng
Chye v Director of Prisons_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 521, that an application for an
order of (the prerogative writ) of _certiorari_ would not be granted where the
_appeal process_ was the appropriate mode of redress). It therefore follows
that the reference in s 27(1) of the SCJA to the High Court’s “general
supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction” should be treated as a _composite_
reference to _two separate and distinct, albeit_ related, bases of
jurisdiction (_cf_ also the Malaysian High Court decision of _Public
Prosecutor v Muhari bin Mohd Jani_ [[1996] 3 MLJ 116] at 124). Whilst it may
be the case that s 27(1) will continue to be relevant _primarily_ for its
reference to the High Court’s powers of _revision_ , it would nevertheless do
well for future courts to approach the language of “supervision” and
“revision” in a more cautious manner _to avoid any unnecessary conflation or
equation_ of these two spheres of jurisdiction. Greater clarity in the use of
terminology will encourage further consideration and reflection on the degree
and areas of interaction between these two areas.

[emphasis in original]

62 The following points can be distilled from the extract from _Dr Vijay_
referred to by the Court of Appeal in _Ng Chye Huey_ :

(a) The Indian High Court, in the exercise of its power under Art 226 of the
Indian Constitution, which gives the court the discretion to issue prerogative
writs, exercises original jurisdiction.

(b) This jurisdiction is original in character, as contrasted with the Indian
High Court’s appellate and “revisional” jurisdiction.

(c) This jurisdiction may be described as “extraordinary original
jurisdiction” as it is exercisable throughout all the territories of India in
respect of which the Indian High Court exercises jurisdiction, and is
different from the court’s “ordinary civil jurisdiction”.

63 Therefore, when our High Court exercises its supervisory jurisdiction, it
exercises its original jurisdiction as well; these two spheres of jurisdiction
are not mutually exclusive.

(2) Academic writings

64 There is also academic support for the position that the High Court’s
supervisory jurisdiction is part of its original jurisdiction. In Tan Yock
Lin, “Appellate, Supervisory and Revisionary Jurisdiction” in _The Singapore
Legal System_ (Walter Woon ed) (Longman, 1989) ch 7 at p 218, Prof Tan states
that the High Court’s supervisory jurisdiction is part of its original
jurisdiction:

First, it may be observed that there is no independent heading entitled
supervisory jurisdiction. [This particular observation should, however, be
read subject to our discussion at [75] and [77] below.] Nor is there any
section that provides expressly for it although several may have impliedly
done so. Thus section 7 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act [(Cap 322, 1985
Rev Ed)] which says that the High Court shall exercise original civil and
criminal jurisdiction may be taken to have impliedly provided for it because
_supervisory jurisdiction is part of the original jurisdiction of the High
Court_. Section 18(2) makes mention of the prerogative writs which are
associated with supervisory jurisdiction. [emphasis added]

65 Similarly, in Yeo Tiong Min, “Jurisdiction of the Singapore Courts” in _The
Singapore Legal System_ (Kevin Y L Tan ed) (Singapore University Press, 2nd
Ed, 1999) ch 7 at pp 265–266, Prof Yeo explains that the High Court’s
supervisory jurisdiction over (among other bodies) all administrative
tribunals is historically part of the original jurisdiction of the High Court:

The High Court has a broad supervisory jurisdiction over all administrative
tribunals, in addition to its general jurisdiction over all subordinate
courts, also associated with the term judicial review. This supervisory
jurisdiction has its origins in the ancient jurisdiction in error of the
King’s Bench where prerogative writs would be issued to control the exercise
of jurisdiction of inferior courts. In the modern administrative state, this
jurisdiction had been usefully extended to actions by administrative tribunals
and executive bodies acting under statutory powers. Although there is no
express mention of this jurisdiction in the [Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 1985 Rev Ed)], it may be implied. This type of supervisory
jurisdiction is historically part of the original jurisdiction of the High
Court. The High Court is also expressly empowered to grant prerogative writs,
which are relevant only to this supervisory jurisdiction.

66 In another part of the same chapter, Prof Yeo seems to draw a distinction
between original jurisdiction and supervisory jurisdiction (at p 254):

(7) Jurisdiction to Correct Other Courts or Tribunals

…

This corrective process may take the form of an appeal, a review, a revision,
or supervision. In this context, the distinction is often drawn between the
types of jurisdiction mentioned in the previous sentence and original
jurisdiction, … which refers to the authority of the court or tribunal to try
a cause in the first instance.

67 However, the footnote to the last sentence in the above quotation once
again acknowledges that the supervisory jurisdiction of the High Court over
(among other bodies) administrative tribunals is historically part of the
original jurisdiction of the High Court:

… The supervisory jurisdiction of the High Court over administrative tribunals
and other administrative bodies is historically part of original jurisdiction
of the High Court, since it is looking at the issue for the first time of
whether the decision had been correctly arrived.

68 Finally, we note that this view of the High Court’s supervisory
jurisdiction is consonant with the plain and ordinary meaning of “original
jurisdiction”. _Black’s Law Dictionary_ (Bryan A Garner editor in chief) (West
Publishing, 9th Ed, 2009) defines “original jurisdiction” broadly in the
following terms (at p 930):

A court’s power to hear and decide a matter before any other court can review
the matter. Cf. appellate jurisdiction.

69 Under this broad definition, “original jurisdiction” simply means the
court’s power to hear a matter at first instance, before any other court can
consider it. This is precisely the position when the High Court entertains an
application to set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment in the exercise of its
supervisory jurisdiction.

(3) The meaning of the High Court’s “original jurisdiction” in the civil
context as compared to the criminal context

70 For completeness, we note that “original criminal jurisdiction” has been
judicially defined. Section 29A(2) of the SCJA sets out the scope of the Court
of Appeal’s criminal jurisdiction to hear appeals against decisions made by
the High Court in the exercise of its “original criminal jurisdiction”. These
words have been interpreted to mean “trial jurisdiction”: see the Court of
Appeal decisions of _Microsoft Corp and others v SM Summit Holdings Ltd and
another_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 423 at [26]–[27] and _Ang Cheng Hai and others v
Public Prosecutor and another appeal_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 151 at [17]–[18].

71 Section 15 of the SCJA, which is one of the provisions falling under the
heading “Original Jurisdiction” in the SCJA, sets out the original criminal
jurisdiction of the High Court in the following terms:

**Criminal jurisdiction**

**15.** —(1) The High Court shall have jurisdiction to try all offences
committed —

(_a_) within Singapore;

(_b_) on board any ship or aircraft registered in Singapore;

(_c_) by any person who is a citizen of Singapore on the high seas or on any
aircraft;

(_d_) by any person on the high seas where the offence is piracy by the law of
nations;

(_e_) by any person within or outside Singapore where the offence is
punishable under and by virtue of the provisions of the Hijacking of Aircraft
and Protection of Aircraft and International Airports Act (Cap. 124) or the
Maritime Offences Act (Cap. 170B); and

(_f_) in any place or by any person if it is provided in any written law that
the offence is triable in Singapore.

(2) The High Court may pass any sentence allowed by law.

72 It is significant that s 15(1) explicitly refers to the High Court’s
jurisdiction to “ _try_ all offences” [emphasis added], hence indicating a
trial as opposed to any other type of hearing. In contrast, s 16 of the SCJA,
another provision falling under the heading “Original Jurisdiction” in the
SCJA, provides a wider conception of the High Court’s original civil
jurisdiction in that it refers to the High Court’s jurisdiction to “ _hear and
try_ any action in personam” [emphasis added], rather than to just “try” such
an action:

**Civil jurisdiction — general**

**16.** —(1) The High Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and try any action
in personam where —

(_a_) the defendant is served with a writ of summons or any other originating
process —

(i) in Singapore in the manner prescribed by Rules of Court or Family Justice
Rules; or

(ii) outside Singapore in the circumstances authorised by and in the manner
prescribed by Rules of Court or Family Justice Rules; or

(_b_) the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of the High Court.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), the High Court
shall have such jurisdiction as is vested in it by any other written law.

73 Hence, the restrictive view set out above of the High Court’s original
criminal jurisdiction does not compel this court to reach the conclusion that
the High Court’s original civil jurisdiction excludes supervisory
jurisdiction.

(4) The scheme of the SCJA

74 As noted above at [17(c)], the Respondent argues that the scheme of the
SCJA suggests that the High Court’s original jurisdiction and its supervisory
jurisdiction are mutually exclusive; thus, if the High Court is exercising its
supervisory jurisdiction in hearing an application to set aside an AD and/or a
s 27 judgment, it cannot be said to be exercising its original jurisdiction.

75 The Respondent’s principal argument before us on this point focuses on the
layout of ss 15–28 of the SCJA. The headings and groupings of these provisions
are as follows:

(a) **Original Jurisdiction** : Sections 15–18 of the SCJA are grouped under
the heading “Original Jurisdiction”. These provisions set out the High
Court’s: (i) criminal jurisdiction to try criminal offences (s 15); (ii)
general civil jurisdiction (s 16); (iii) specific civil jurisdiction (s 17);
(iv) concurrent civil jurisdiction with the Syariah Court in certain matters
(s 17A); and (v) powers (s 18).

(b) **Appellate Jurisdiction of the High Court** : Sections 19–21 of the SCJA
are grouped under the heading “Appellate Jurisdiction of the High Court”.
These provisions set out the High Court’s: (i) appellate criminal jurisdiction
(s 19); (ii) appellate civil jurisdiction (s 20); (iii) jurisdiction to hear
appeals from District Courts and Magistrates’ Courts (s 21); and (iv) powers
of rehearing (s 22).

(c) **Supervisory and Revisionary Jurisdiction** : Sections 23–28 of the SCJA
are grouped under the heading “Supervisory and Revisionary Jurisdiction”.
These provisions set out the High Court’s: (i) power of revision in respect of
criminal proceedings in subordinate courts (s 23); (ii) power to call for
records of civil proceedings in subordinate courts (s 24); (iii) powers on
revision of civil proceedings (s 25), subject to a prohibition of revision in
cases where an appeal could have been brought but was not (s 26); (iv)
“general supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction over all subordinate courts”
(s 27); and (v) discretion as to hearing parties when exercising its powers of
supervision and revision (s 28).

76 The Respondent submits on this basis that Parliament in fact intended the
High Court to have four different spheres of jurisdiction: original,
appellate, supervisory and revisionary. Therefore, the Respondent contends,
when the High Court exercises its supervisory jurisdiction, it cannot be
exercising its original jurisdiction.

77 In our view, a deeper analysis of the relevant statutory provisions
suggests otherwise. The provisions corresponding to the current ss 23–28,
which set out the “supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction” of the High
Court, were first introduced by the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (Act
24 of 1969). The brief speech of the Minister for Law and National Development
at the second reading of the Bill introducing that Act (_viz_ , the Supreme
Court of Judicature Bill 1969 (Bill 6 of 1969)) does not shed light on the
nature of this supervisory jurisdiction: see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (12 June 1969) vol 29 at cols 74–76 (Mr E W Barker, Minister
for Law and National Development). It should also be noted that the heading
“Supervisory and Revisionary Jurisdiction” for ss 23–28 was inserted only in
2010 by the Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 2010 (Act 30 of 2010)
(“the 2010 SCJA Amendment Act”). Prior to this amendment, the heading was
simply “Revision”, as noted by this court in _Ng Chye Huey_ at [42]. The
speech of the Senior Minister of State for Law at the second reading of the
Bill introducing this amendment (_viz_ , the Supreme Court of Judicature
(Amendment) Bill 2010 (Bill 25 of 2010) (“the 2010 SCJA Amendment Bill”)) did
not explain the rationale behind this amendment. Nevertheless, it is likely
that the amendment was made in response to this court’s observation in _Ng
Chye Huey_ that even though the High Court’s revisionary jurisdiction and its
supervisory jurisdiction overlapped to a considerable degree, there remained
sufficient areas of differences to warrant their treatment as “ _distinct_
bases of jurisdiction” [emphasis in original] (at [46]). Hence, the amendment
may be seen as legislative recognition of these two spheres of jurisdiction as
separate bases of jurisdiction, rather than as any intention to treat the High
Court’s supervisory jurisdiction as mutually exclusive of its original
jurisdiction.

78 Moreover, it should be noted that s 3 of the SCJA, which sets out the
divisions and jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, specifies that the High Court
shall exercise “original and appellate civil and criminal jurisdiction”, but
does not specify any supervisory jurisdiction of the High Court:

**Divisions and jurisdiction of Supreme Court**

**3**. The Supreme Court shall be a superior court of record and shall consist
of —

(_a_) the High Court, which shall exercise original and appellate civil and
criminal jurisdiction; and

(_b_) the Court of Appeal, which shall exercise appellate civil and criminal
jurisdiction.

79 This suggests that the High Court’s supervisory jurisdiction over inferior
tribunals is subsumed under the High Court’s original civil jurisdiction since
it is not part of the High Court’s appellate jurisdiction (see above at
[42]–[43]). The same observation was made by Prof Tan (see above at [64]), and
we endorse his view.

Our decision on Issue 1

80 For all these reasons, we hold that: (a) ss 19(3) and 52 of the State
Courts Act constitute written laws which require that an application to set
aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment be heard and determined by the High Court;
and (b) when the High Court exercises its supervisory jurisdiction in hearing
and determining such an application, it exercises such supervisory
jurisdiction as part of its original jurisdiction. Therefore, the present case
falls under s 34(2A)(_c_) of the SCJA and the Appellant does not require leave
to appeal to the Court of Appeal.

81 The effect of our ruling is that the current practice of applying to the
High Court, rather than to the District Courts, to set aside an AD and/or a s
27 judgment, as observed by the High Court in _JFC Builders_ (see above at
[39]), is correct in principle, notwithstanding the fact that neither s 27 of
the SOPA nor O 95 of the Rules of Court expressly states that an application
to set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment must be brought in the High Court.

82 This says nothing about whether an application for leave to enforce an AD
must similarly be brought in the High Court, or whether that may be brought in
any court subject to the jurisdictional limit of that court. Such an
application does not on its face entail the exercise of supervisory
jurisdiction. But, if that were the case, it would bring about a seemingly
strange situation because a creditor (as defined at [33] above) could then go
to the State Courts to apply for leave to enforce an AD, but the opposing
debtor would only be able to apply to set aside the AD and/or the s 27
judgment in the High Court. As noted by the High Court in _JFC Builders_ ,
this strange situation might trip many a solicitor, and this seems
unsatisfactory.

83 Given that the object of the SOPA is to facilitate cash flow in the
building and construction industry and not get the parties involved in a
prolonged and expensive litigation process, it may be timely for Parliament to
review the SOPA as a whole as well as this matter in particular. However,
until such time, in our judgment, the correct position is that an application
for leave to enforce an AD may be brought in either the State Courts or the
High Court depending on the adjudicated amount involved, but an application to
set aside an AD and/or a s 27 judgment must be brought in the High Court,
which hears the application in the exercise of its original supervisory
jurisdiction.

84 Before leaving this issue, we make a final observation. This relates to a
potential point that could have been but was not in fact raised in the Present
Summons. In _Nim Minimaart (suing as a firm) v Management Corporation Strata
Title Plan No 1079 and others_ [2014] 1 SLR 108 (“ _Nim Minimaart_ ”), we
opined in passing that s 34(2)(_a_) of the SCJA should not be construed
literally to capture an appeal from _a decision made by the High Court in the
exercise of its original jurisdiction_ even if the value of the subject matter
or the sum in dispute was less than $250,000. This was based on the
ministerial speech during the second reading of the 2010 SCJA Amendment Bill.
We were of the view that this speech suggested that “the architecture of s 34
in the aftermath of the 2010 amendments was such as to restrict or exclude
appeals concerning _any matter emanating from the [State] Courts_ in the
manner prescribed in s 34(2)(_a_)” [emphasis added] (see _Nim Minimaart_ at
[33]); at the same time, “[i]n relation to _matters originating in the High
Court_ , the 2010 amendments sought to regulate the availability of appeals in
such matters in ss 34(1)(_a_), 34(1)(_d_) and 34(1)(_e_), ss 34(2)(_b_),
34(2)(_c_), 34(2)(_d_) and 34(2)(_e_), and s 34(2A) of the SCJA” [emphasis
added] (see _Nim Minimaart_ at [34]).

85 Based on this observation in _Nim Minimaart_ , an argument could have been
made that because the Respondent’s setting-aside application was commenced in
the High Court (and not the State Courts), the present case is not even caught
by the requirement under s 34(2)(_a_) of the SCJA of obtaining leave to
appeal. This was not an argument made in the Present Summons and, hence, no
submissions were made on this point before us. Therefore, the present judgment
does not pick up on the aforesaid observation in _Nim Minimaart_.
Nevertheless, we recognise that the very existence of s 34(2A)(_c_), in as
much as it excludes the requirement to obtain leave to appeal in cases where a
matter is _required_ by any written law to be heard and determined by the High
Court in the exercise of its original jurisdiction, may cut against the
correctness of the observation in _Nim Minimaart_ which we have just referred
to. It might be argued that s 34(2A)(_c_) would only be required if Parliament
intended s 34(2)(_a_) to be read literally to include appeals from cases
originating in the High Court, and not just appeals from cases emanating from
the State Courts. We recognise that there are arguments going both ways; but
as no such arguments were made before us, we leave this to be decided on a
future occasion when it becomes essential to decide the point and when we
would be doing so with the benefit of full arguments.

Issue 2: Whether the Appellant’s notice of appeal should be struck out because
the Appellant failed to provide $20,000 as security for costs

The relevant provisions

86 Under O 57 r 3(3) of the Rules of Court, an appellant is required to
provide security for the respondent’s costs of the appeal at the time of
filing the notice of appeal.

87 Paragraph 86(2) of the Practice Directions specifies that an appellant is
required to provide security in the sum of $15,000 for appeals against
interlocutory orders and $20,000 for all other appeals.

88 While the practice directions issued by a court do not have the force of
law (see _BNP Paribas v Polynesia Timber Services Pte Ltd_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 539
at [37]; _Odex Pte Ltd v Pacific Internet Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 18 at [29] and
[30]), they are nonetheless directions from a court, and a court will not
normally depart from such directions unless there is good reason for doing so.
In this instance, O 57 r 3(3) specifically provides that the sum to be
provided as security for the respondent’s costs of the appeal may be fixed
from time to time by the Chief Justice, and para 86(2) of the Practice
Directions records the determination of the Chief Justice on this issue.

89 The Appellant contends that its appeal is an appeal against an
interlocutory order, while the Respondent contends that it is an appeal
against a final order.

The meaning of “interlocutory order”

90 In _Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R)
525 (“ _Wellmix Organics_ ”), this court considered the meaning of
“interlocutory order” in the context of s 34(1)(_c_) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the 1999 Revised Edition of the
SCJA”), which imposed restrictions on the bringing of an appeal to the Court
of Appeal against “an interlocutory order in chambers” made by a High Court
judge (it should be noted that this provision was subsequently deleted by the
2010 SCJA Amendment Act). This court affirmed that the test of whether a
judgment or order was “interlocutory” or “final” depended on whether it
finally disposed of the rights of the parties (see _Wellmix Organics_ at [10],
affirming the English decision of _Bozson v Altrincham Urban District Council_
[1903] 1 KB 547 (“ _Bozson_ ”)). The test laid down in _Bozson_ (“the _Bozson_
test”) was stated by Lord Alverstone CJ as follows in that case (at 548):

Does the judgment or order, as made, finally dispose of the rights of the
parties? If it does, then ... it ought to be treated as a final order; but if
it does not, it is then ... an interlocutory order.

91 The _Bozson_ test has been applied in many cases in Singapore: see _Rank
Xerox (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Ultra Marketing Pte Ltd_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 912;
_Ling Kee Ling v Leow Leng Siong_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 36; _Aberdeen Asset
Management Asia Ltd v Fraser & Neave Ltd_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 355; and _Maldives
Airports Co Ltd v GMR Male International Airport Pte Ltd_ [2013] 2 SLR 449 at
[15]–[16].

92 With regard to the meaning of “finally”, this court in _Wellmix Organics_
explained at [15]:

As regards the word “finally”, its ordinary meaning is clear. It means either
“the last” or “completely”. ... There is much force in the argument that a
determination as to liability does not finally or fully dispose of the rights
of the parties where damages are also claimed in the action. That will only be
a partial determination of the rights. The determination of liability is not
an end in itself. Such a determination is not the only thing that the
plaintiff is asking for. Damages are really what the plaintiff is seeking, and
determining liability is a necessary step towards deciding whether damages or
compensation are payable, and if so, what is the appropriate amount. On this
view, an interlocutory judgment with damages to be assessed will not be an
order which finally disposes of the rights of the parties in that action.

93 Referring to _Bozson_ , this court in _Wellmix Organics_ further clarified
its understanding of a “final order” at [20]:

The [English] Court of Appeal held that [the trial judge’s order] was a final
order. We do not disagree with that. The order in _Bozson_ was a final order
because the action was dismissed. There was nothing more to the action.

94 In discussing the meaning of “interlocutory order” under s 34(1)(_c_) of
the 1999 Revised Edition of the SCJA, this court in _Wellmix Organics_ said
(at [16]):

We recognise that on [the _Bozson_ test], it is possible that an order granted
in one proceeding may be interlocutory and yet the same nature of order
granted in another proceeding may be final. The point may again best be
illustrated by an example. Taking the case of an action for breach of
contract, where an application is made for discovery of documents, the order
for discovery will be an interlocutory order. _But it does not follow that
every discovery order will necessarily be an interlocutory order. It will
depend on the nature of the originating process and the relief(s) prayed for.
A proceeding may be instituted purely to obtain pre-action discovery. In that
situation, upon the granting of the order prayed for, that order will be a
final order because it disposes of everything in the proceeding_. [emphasis
added]

95 This last quotation from _Wellmix Organics_ was affirmed by this court
recently in _Dorsey James Michael v World Sport Group Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR
354, where we stated at [64]:

It is pertinent that an application to administer pre-action interrogatories
is made by way of originating summons under O 26A r 1 of the Rules of Court
[(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)]. We reiterate that the sole purpose of the
originating summons is to obtain discovery of information through the
administration of interrogatories on the defendant to the originating summons.
Once the application is determined, the entire subject matter of that
originating summons is spent and there is nothing further for the court to
deal with.

Our decision on Issue 2

96 In the present case, the Appellant’s application in OS 886/2013 was for
leave to enforce the Disputed AD as a judgment. The sole purpose of that
originating summons was to obtain leave to enforce the Disputed AD as a
judgment. Once the application was determined, the entire subject matter of
that originating summons was spent and there was nothing further for the court
to deal with. In particular, when the Judge set aside the Disputed AD, the
Leave Order and the Disputed Judgment, his order was a final order because
there _was_ nothing further for the court to deal with.

97 We therefore hold that pursuant to O 57 r 3(3) of the Rules of Court read
with para 86(2) of the Practice Directions, the Appellant is required to
provide security in the sum of $20,000 for the Respondent’s costs of the
appeal. Since the Appellant only provided $15,000 as security for costs, there
is a shortfall of $5,000. However, we are satisfied that the Appellant’s
failure to comply with O 57 r 3(3) (read with para 86(2)) in these
circumstances is an irregularity, and that we can make such order generally as
we think fit to address this: see O 2 r 1. We note that the Appellant stated
both in its written submissions and at the oral hearing before us that it was
prepared to furnish additional security if it turned out to be wrong in the
view which it took. Accordingly, we order the Appellant to furnish additional
security in the sum of $5,000 within seven days of the date of this judgment.

Conclusion

98 For all these reasons, we dismiss the Present Summons and order that the
Appellant furnish additional security in the sum of $5,000 within seven days
of the date of this judgment. We reserve the costs of the Present Summons to
the hearing of the substantive appeal.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Disputed AD at paras 23 and 29 (found in the Respondent’s
affidavit filed on 24 March 2014 at pp 18–19).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Nov 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

