Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Maryani Sadeli _v_ Arjun Permanand Samtani and another and other appeals  
[2014] SGCA 55

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 152, 153 and 154 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 November 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kannan Ramesh SC, Eddee Ng Ka Luan, Ho Xin Ling, Ian Ho
and Ooi Huey Hien (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the appellants in Civil
Appeals Nos 152, 153 and 154 of 2013; N Sreenivasan SC and Shankar s/o
Angammah (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the first respondent in Civil Appeals
Nos 152, 153 and 154 of 2013; Anparasan s/o Kamachi and Tan Wei Ming
(KhattarWong LLP) for the second respondent in Civil Appeals Nos 152, 153 and
154 of 2013.  
Parties| :|  Maryani Sadeli — Arjun Permanand Samtani and another  
  
20 November 2014|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The present proceedings comprise appeals against the decision of the judge
(“the Judge”) in _Then Khek Koon and another v Arjun Permanand Samtani and
another and other suits_ [2014] 1 SLR 245 (“the Judgment”). These appeals stem
from a long and chequered history of litigation surrounding the unsuccessful
collective sale of the development known as Horizon Towers and find their
origin in three consolidated suits brought by the five plaintiffs (“the
Appellants”) against the two defendants (“the Respondents”).

2 The Appellants in the present proceedings founded their claim against the
Respondents in equitable compensation for breach of fiduciary duties, seeking
as damages the _shortfall_ in the _costs_ of the previous proceedings which
they did not manage to recover, _notwithstanding the earlier costs orders
awarded in their favour_ (in _Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave
and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal_ [2009] 4
SLR(R) 155 (“ _Ng Eng Ghee (Costs)_ ”). This last-mentioned award of costs in
favour of the Appellants was made as a result of the decision of this court in
_Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners
Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 (“ _Ng Eng Ghee
(CA)_ ”).

3 After hearing detailed arguments by the Appellants, we decided that the
Appellants could not have obtained in the present proceedings damages
comprising the unrecovered costs of the previous proceedings, and therefore
dismissed the appeals. Having arrived at this conclusion, it was not necessary
for us to consider the anterior question of whether the Appellants’ claim
based on equitable compensation could be established in the first place. We
now give the detailed grounds for our decision.

Background to the appeals

4 The facts of the previous proceedings and the background to the appeals
before us have been set out in meticulous detail in the Judgment, as well as
in _Ng Eng Ghee (CA)_ and _Ng Eng Ghee (Costs)_ , and it is unnecessary to
canvass them again at length here. It suffices to note for the purposes of the
present appeals that this court in _Ng Eng Ghee (CA)_ set aside the collective
sale and in so doing found, _inter alia_ , that the Respondents, as members of
a sales committee in a collective sale owed fiduciary duties to the subsidiary
proprietors of the development which included the Appellants, and had in fact
breached those fiduciary duties. This was the basis for the Appellants’ claim
in equitable compensation which they submitted was a cause of action
independent of the earlier proceedings in _Ng Eng Ghee (CA)_.

5 As a result of this court’s decision in _Ng Eng Ghee (CA)_ , the Appellants
were awarded costs for the proceedings leading up to their successful appeal
(in _Ng Eng Ghee (Costs)_). However, the Appellants were not satisfied with
those costs orders. As in most cases, the costs recovered by the Appellants
did not amount to the actual sum of legal fees incurred. The Appellants were
also involved in some earlier applications which were not part of the
procedural history of _Ng Eng Ghee (CA)_ , where no orders were made as to
costs. The Appellants were therefore left out of pocket to some extent; hence
their claim against the Respondents in equitable compensation in the present
proceedings for the _difference or shortfall_ between the amount of costs
awarded in _Ng Eng Ghee (Costs)_ and the costs they had actually incurred. It
bears noting that, if the Appellants were successful in the present
proceedings, they would in effect have received _a full indemnity for their
costs – a position which would not have been attainable under a normal costs
order_.

6 Three further points bear setting out in order to provide the necessary
background to the present appeals. First, costs were awarded to _all_ the
Appellants notwithstanding the fact that two of the Appellants were _not_
parties to the appeal in _Ng Eng Ghee (CA)_. Whilst these two were parties in
the High Court proceedings (in _Lo Pui Sang and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave
and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and other appeals_ [2008] 4
SLR(R) 754 (“ _Ng Eng Ghee (HC)_ ”)), where the court held _against_ the
subsidiary proprietors (including the Appellants), they chose _not_ to appeal.
Nevertheless, a number of other subsidiary proprietors (including the other
three Appellants) did in fact appeal against the decision in _Ng Eng Ghee
(HC)_ and this court in _Ng Eng Ghee (CA)_ allowed the appeal. After the
appeal was allowed, the Court of Appeal received submissions on costs from the
parties to _Ng Eng Ghee (CA)_ , and also from the two Appellants who did not
appeal and were technically non-parties to the appeal. The two Appellants were
not invited to submit on costs, but they nevertheless did so by way of a
letter tendered to the court where they asked for an award of costs. The Court
of Appeal made clear that it had the power to award costs in favour of _all_
the Appellants, including those who did not appeal against the decision in _Ng
Eng Ghee (HC)_ , and did in fact award costs for the proceedings leading up to
the successful appeal.

7 Secondly, the Respondents were parties to the _previous_ proceedings as
members of the collective sales committee _as a whole_ , whereas the claim in
the _present_ proceedings was brought by the Appellants against the
Respondents in their _individual capacities_. This was significant inasmuch as
the Appellants sought to rely on this distinction to persuade the court that
their present claim was valid.

8 Thirdly, the Appellants did consider seeking costs as against the
Respondents in their individual capacities in _those_ proceedings, but
eventually decided not to (see Judgment at [284]). This was significant
because the Respondents sought to rely on this fact to say that the Appellants
should not be allowed to bring a claim to recover those costs now.

The decision below

9 We observe that the Judgment was a lengthy one, but in fairness to the
Judge, this was because he felt that he had to deal with all the issues which
were presented to him (including the one upon which the present appeal turns,
but which was dealt with by the Judge only in the last part of the Judgment
(and whose decision in this particular regard we have, for the reasons set out
below, generally affirmed)). In particular, the Judge considered the
controversy surrounding, _inter alia_ , the issue of _causation_ in the
context of the award of equitable compensation for breach of fiduciary duties
(here, by the Respondents, as found in _Ng Eng Ghee (CA)_ but which the
Respondents nevertheless sought to controvert in the present proceedings). The
Judge characterised this issue of causation as a question of whether the
Appellants’ claim against the Respondents fell within the class of cases
stemming from the Canadian Privy Council decision of _Brickenden v London Loan
& Savings Company of Canada_ [1934] 3 DLR 465 (in which but-for causation is
_not_ essential for liability) _or_ the class of cases stemming from the House
of Lords decision of _Target Holdings Ltd v Redferns (a firm)_ [1996] 1 AC 421
(in which but-for causation _is_ essential for liability) (see Judgment at
[109]). Counsel for the Appellants, Mr Kannan Ramesh SC, submitted during the
appeal that this was an unsettled area of law within the Commonwealth and was
the subject of much academic debate (although this submission must now be
considered in light of the very recent UK Supreme Court decision of _AIB Group
(UK) Plc v Mark Redler & Co Solicitors_ [2014] UKSC 58 (“ _AIB_ ”), which in
fairness to the parties was not yet decided when the present appeals were
heard).

10 As astutely pointed out by Lord Toulson in _AIB_ (at [47]), “the debate
which has followed _Target Holdings_ is part of a wider debate, or series of
debates, about equitable doctrines and remedies and their inter-relationship
with common law principles and remedies, particularly in a commercial
context”. Coincidentally, that was our view on the issue when the appeals were
heard, which was also borne out by the various opinions and views on the
subject put forward by many learned writers (see, for example, Charles
Mitchell, “Equitable Compensation for Breach of Fiduciary Duty” (2013) 66
Current Legal Problems 307; Michael O’Meara, “Causation, Remoteness and
Equitable Compensation” (2005) 26 Aust Bar Rev 51; Matthew Conaglen, “Remedial
Ramifications of Conflicts between A Fiduciary’s Duties” (2010) 126 LQR 72;
Matthew Conaglen, “Equitable Compensation for Breach of Fiduciary Dealing
Rules” (2003) 119 LQR 246; Jamie Glister, “Breach of Fiduciary Duty:
Brickenden Lives On (_Premium Real Estate v Stevens_)” (2011) 5 J Eq 59;
Charles Rickett, “Equitable Compensation: Towards a Blueprint?” (2003) 25
Sydney L Rev 31; as well as James Edelman and Steven Elliot, “Money Remedies
against Trustees” (2004) 3 TL 116).

11 However, given that we did _not_ think the Appellants were entitled to
claim the aforementioned _difference_ in the amount of _costs_ recovered,
assuming they could mount an independent cause of action for breach of
fiduciary duties against the Respondents, it was strictly unnecessary for us
to consider this particular issue any further. If the Appellants were not
entitled to recover the aforesaid amount claimed in the first place, then that
is the end of the matter. There would consequently be no need to discuss,
_inter alia_ , the complex as well as thorny issues relating to the test of
causation for equitable compensation which we have referred to briefly in the
preceding paragraph. A definitive ruling on this difficult area of the law can
be made when it next comes for decision before this court. It should also be
noted that, in light of the analysis adopted by this court in the present
appeal, there is no need to address (as the Judge did) the doctrine of _novus
actus interveniens vis-à-vis_ the issue of causation.

12 Instead, we focus our attention on the issue that was dispositive of the
appeals before us, _ie_ , whether the Appellants were entitled to recover as
damages the unrecovered legal costs of the previous proceedings.

13 On this issue, the Judge held that the Appellants were barred from doing
so, both as a matter of law and on the facts of the case. The Judge held that
the Appellants were seeking to recover an indemnity for their costs in _Ng Eng
Ghee (Costs)_ , and that they made submissions to the Court of Appeal for
costs to be awarded on an indemnity basis. The Judge noted that the Court of
Appeal in _Ng Eng Ghee (Costs)_ rejected the Appellants’ submissions in that
regard, and awarded them the default standard basis costs instead. It is
important at this juncture for us to make clear that an award of _costs on an
indemnity basis_ , which although a higher measure of costs than the default
standard basis, is a misnomer as it does _not_ entail a _full (or literal)
indemnity_ as such, which was what the Appellants were effectively claiming in
the present proceedings.

14 The Judge then set out the holdings of the Court of Appeal in _Ng Eng Ghee
(Costs)_ (at [266] of the Judgment), which we reproduce here for convenience:

In _Ng Eng Ghee (Costs)_ , the Court of Appeal made the following holdings of
principle:

(a) The Court of Appeal declined to award indemnity costs to any of the
objecting subsidiary proprietors because the matters they had raised did not
make a sufficiently compelling case for a departure from the usual award of
costs on the standard basis (at [31]).

(b) The Court of Appeal held that it had the power to award costs in favour of
Mr Then and Ms Tan even though they did not appeal against [the High Court
decision] and were therefore not parties to [the appeal].

(c) In so far as the plaintiffs were entitled to the costs of any particular
set of proceedings, those costs would be discounted by 20% to account for the
duplication of work with the objecting subsidiary proprietors represented by
[Harry Elias Partnership], the legal relevance of the points taken and the
cogency of the contentions advanced (at [28]).

…

It was on the basis of those principles that the Court of Appeal made the cost
orders it did (see _Ng Eng Ghee (Costs)_ at [43] and the Judgment at [267]),
which, as we have said, resulted in the Appellants having a shortfall in their
legal costs recovered.

15 The Judge established that the Appellants could have brought their claim
for costs in the subsequent proceedings only if the Court of Appeal did not
apply what is known as the indemnity principle (see below at [30]) in making
the costs orders, or if the Appellants did not have the opportunity to seek
costs against the Respondents (in their individual capacities). The Judge
found that the Court of Appeal did apply the indemnity principle, and also
that the Appellants had the opportunity to seek costs against the Respondents
(in their individual capacities) in the earlier proceedings but failed to do
so. In fact, the Appellants contemplated seeking costs against the Respondents
(in their individual capacities) in the earlier proceedings but eventually
decided not to. In addition, the Judge found that even if he was wrong on that
issue, the amount of compensation recoverable would be limited to costs on the
standard basis. Since that was already awarded by the Court of Appeal, the
Appellants could recover nothing further. In arriving at this conclusion, the
Judge held as a matter of law that there was no difference in the measure of
damages in situations where the defendant in the later proceedings was a party
to the earlier proceedings (henceforth referred to as a “same-party case”),
and in situations where the defendant in the later proceedings was not a party
to the earlier proceedings (henceforth referred to as a “third-party case”).

Our decision

16 With the above background in mind, let us now turn to the detailed reasons
as to why we decided that the claim for unrecovered costs in the previous
proceedings as damages _failed_ on the _facts of the present case_ such that
the present appeals should be dismissed. As already explained above, the
appeals before us could be (and were) decided on this one issue.

17 That the claim was for the _unrecovered_ costs in the previous proceedings
was of the first importance because that was in _substance_ what the
Appellants were truly concerned about, and that was also what was
_controversial_ about the claim. We note at the outset that the Appellants’
contentions brought to the fore difficult issues of law, because (as we shall
see) unrecovered legal costs of previous proceedings _cannot_ be recovered in
a subsequent claim for damages as a general rule, but the Appellants
nonetheless sought to show why their claim should succeed in any event because
that general rule applied only with regard to a same-party case and not to a
third-party case (which they alleged was the case at present).

18 The nature of the Appellants’ claim and the _precise facts and context_ of
the appeals gave rise to two inextricably related issues:

(a) First, did the general rule that unrecovered costs in relation to previous
legal proceedings cannot be recovered in a subsequent claim for damages apply
only to the same-party case or did it also apply to a third-party case as well
(“Issue 1”)?

(b) Secondly, if the general rule referred to at (a) above did not apply to a
third-party case, could the Appellants nevertheless be precluded from claiming
unrecovered costs as such a claim was, on the _facts_ of _this_ case, _an
abuse of process_ (“Issue 2”)?

19 Let us turn to consider each of the above issues _seriatim_.

Issue 1

The general rule: unrecovered costs in relation to previous legal proceedings
cannot be recovered in a subsequent claim for damages in the same-party case

20 The _general_ rule on the recovery of costs of previous legal proceedings
as damages in subsequent proceedings is clear: such costs which were
unrecovered previously _cannot_ be recovered in a subsequent claim for
damages, at least in so far as it involves a _same-party_ case.

21 Whatever costs that a party seeks to recover should be dealt with in those
same proceedings for which the costs were incurred, and the incidence of
unrecovered costs cannot thereafter be the subject of subsequent legal action.
As Bowen LJ observed in the English Court of Appeal decision of _The Quartz
Hill Consolidated Gold Mining Company v Eyre_ (1883) 11 QBD 674 (“ _Quartz
Hill_ ”) (at 690):

… The bringing of an ordinary action does not as a natural or necessary
consequence involve any injury to a man’s property, for this reason, that the
only costs which the law recognises, and for which it will compensate him, are
the costs properly incurred in the action itself. For those the successful
defendant will have been already compensated, so far as the law chooses to
compensate him. If the judge refuses to give him costs, it is because he does
not deserve them: if he deserves them, he will get them in the original
action: if he does not deserve them, he ought not to get them in a subsequent
action. …

22 The legal basis for this rule was later considered in detail in the English
Court of Appeal decision of _Berry v British Transport Commission_ [1962] 1 QB
306 (“ _Berry_ ”), where Devlin LJ traced the origins of this rule to the case
of _Hathaway v Barrow_ (1807) 1 Camp 151 (at 320–321):

… The rule appears to have been first laid down by Mansfield C.J. in _Hathaway
v. Barrow_ where he put it on the ground that “it would be incongruous to
allow a person one sum” as costs in one court, and a different sum for the
same costs in “another court”. If in the earlier case there has been no
adjudication upon costs (as distinct from an adjudication that there shall be
no order as to costs), a party may recover all his costs assessed on the
reasonable, and not on the necessary, basis. If a party has failed to apply
for costs which he would have got if he had asked for them, a subsequent claim
for damages may be defeated; but that would be because in such a case his loss
would be held to be due to his own fault or omission. In any case in which the
legal process does not permit an adjudication, the rule does not apply. This
appears from a number of cases such as _Pritchet v. Boevey_ , _Doe v.
Filliter_ and _Walshaw v. Brighouse Corporation_. …

23 Devlin LJ recognised that this line of reasoning was based on the idea of
_res judicata_ , in the sense that the “law cannot permit a double
adjudication upon the same point” (at 322). Where a court has or could have
adjudicated on a question of costs, this question cannot be the subject of a
further action. However, the learned judge then raised a query as to whether
there was a true _res judicata_ as such in relation to a subsequent claim in
damages for the costs of previous proceedings. This was because taxed costs
(at that time in England and Wales) was on the basis of necessity (as opposed
to reasonableness as is the position at present in Singapore), whereas any
subsequent claim in damages for the costs of previous proceedings would be
quantified subject to reasonableness under the principles governing assessment
of damages. Leaving aside the fact that the latter basis of quantification
would give rise to a larger amount of costs recoverable than the former, what
was apparent was that a question of damages and a question of costs concerned
different legal principles and a court was not really dealing with the same
issues twice.

24 Instead, Devlin LJ appeared to suggest that the rule was really justified
on the grounds of public policy, _viz_ , bringing down the costs of
litigation, and encouraging finality of litigation. As we elaborate shortly
below, the latter justification arises only because of the former.

25 Devlin LJ made the uncontroversial point that there was a public interest
in only allowing a successful party to recover less than the actual legal
costs incurred, because this would encourage parties to keep legal costs low
(see _Berry_ at 322–323):

… The stringent standards that prevail in a taxation of party and party costs
can be justified on the same sort of ground; see, for example, _Smith v.
Buller_ , per Malins V.-C. It helps to keep down extravagance in litigation
and that is a benefit to all those who have to resort to the law. …

If the matter were res integra, I should for myself prefer to see the
abandonment of the fiction that taxed costs are the same as costs reasonably
incurred and its replacement by a statement of principle that the law for
reasons which it considers to be in the public interest requires a litigant to
exercise a greater austerity than it exacts in the ordinary way, and which it
will not relax unless the litigant can show some additional ground for
reimbursement over and above the bare fact that he has been successful.

26 However, because there is a difference between legal costs recoverable and
actual legal costs incurred, this could possibly lead to parasitic litigation
whenever the successful party was not satisfied with any cost order obtained.
The rule that costs in previous proceedings could not be recovered in a
subsequent action as damages was therefore additionally justified as it
promoted finality in litigation (see _Berry_ at 323):

… there is undoubtedly a practical need for the rule in civil cases.
Otherwise, every successful plaintiff might bring a second action against the
same defendant in order to recover from him as damages resulting from his
original wrongdoing the costs he had failed to obtain on taxation; this was
unsuccessfully attempted by the plaintiff in _Cockburn._ v. _Edwards_. Or as
Lord Tenterden C.J. said in _Loton_ v. _Devereux_ : “actions would frequently
be brought for costs after the court had refused to allow them.” The rule is
thus essential to the administration of justice in civil suits and will
continue to be so until the time comes, if it ever does, when the law either
allows to a successful litigant all the costs he has reasonably incurred or
recognises openly that an assessment of damage and a taxation of costs as
between party and party are two different things.

27 We respectfully agree with Devlin LJ in that regard, and add further that,
apart from bringing down the costs of litigation, the general rule is also
_necessary_ in order to promote the objective of our legal regime on costs to
_enhance access to justice_. This requires some elaboration, but doing so is
crucial in order to appreciate the context within which the general rule
operates.

28 The objectives of and the principles underpinning our legal regime on costs
have been discussed in admirable detail by the Judge (at [153]–[183] of the
Judgment), and we do not propose to rehearse his analysis, except to emphasise
and reinforce some aspects of it which are material for present purposes.

29 The starting point must be to appreciate that in all manner of litigation,
legal costs are an inevitable expense to both the party bringing the action
and the party defending it. It is therefore impossible, at least from a
practical standpoint, for an individual’s general right of access to the law
to be divorced from the rules and principles governing the costs of
litigation. In this regard, a legal system’s rules on costs (which include how
legal costs should be recovered in litigation) are necessarily a matter of
social policy. This is underscored by the numerous reports commissioned by
governments around the world which studied the rules and principles governing
the costs of litigation as part of a wider review of civil justice (see, for
example, _Review of Civil Litigation Costs: Final Report_ (2009) by the Right
Honourable Lord Justice Jackson (“the Jackson Report”); _Alternatives to
Activity Based Costing – the New Zealand Approach_ (2006) by the Honourable
Justice Venning; Victoria, Victorian Law Reform Commission, _Civil Justice
Review_ Report 14 (2008); and Hong Kong, Chief Justice’s Working Party on
Civil Justice Reform, _Civil Justice Reform: Final Report_ (2004)).

30 One fundamental aspect of our scheme of costs recovery is a cost-shifting
rule which dictates that the successful litigant is ordinarily indemnified by
the losing party for the legal costs incurred as between the successful party
and his solicitor. This is commonly referred to as the principle that costs
should generally follow the event, and is also known as the indemnity
principle (although it should be noted that the term “indemnity principle” is
also confusingly used to refer to the principle that prevents a party from
recovering more by way of costs from an opponent than he is obliged to pay to
his own lawyers (see the Jackson Report at p 53)).

31 The indemnity principle, however, does _not_ result in an indemnity in the
full or literal sense. The legal costs recoverable by the successful party
from the losing party are more often than not _less_ than the actual legal
fees incurred as between the successful party and his solicitor. This is
because the indemnity principle is also subject to a series of rules governing
how recovery of costs is quantified, and those rules operate such that a
_full_ indemnity for legal costs is only recoverable by parties to litigation
in exceptional circumstances (for example, where there is a contractual
agreement between the parties to this effect).

32 The Judge explained that this was a result of the policy considerations
which inform the indemnity principle. As the Judge aptly observed, “while
compensation is the immediate effect of applying the indemnity principle, the
ultimate policy of the indemnity principle is rooted not in compensation but
in enhancing access to justice” (see the Judgment at [156]). The exact way our
rules on costs operate and the reasons why these rules enhance access to
justice were set out comprehensively by the Judge at [153]–[176] of the
Judgment, and we endorse his views on them entirely. We also agree with the
Judge’s elaboration on two further (albeit “subordinate”) policies of our law
on costs which centre on _the need to achieve finality in litigation as well
as the need to suppress parasitic litigation_ (at [179]–[182] and [183] of the
Judgment, respectively).

33 We nonetheless underscore the Judge’s views by reiterating that any legal
system’s scheme for costs recovery in litigation is driven by social policy.
There are jurisdictions, such as the United States of America, where the
successful litigant is _not_ ordinarily entitled to recover even reasonable
legal costs incurred from the losing party (see, for example, the United
States Supreme Court decision of _Alyeska Pipeline Service Co v Wilderness
Society_ , 421 US 240, 247 (1975)). However, the scheme in the United States
of America is calibrated by providing for “a significant number of statutory
and common law exceptions that allow for a court … to order costs against a
losing party” (see _Review of Civil Litigation Costs: Preliminary Report_
(2009) by the Right Honourable Lord Justice Jackson at p 610). Equally, it
would be possible to have a legal system where the norm is for the successful
party to obtain a full indemnity from the losing party for the legal costs
incurred. _However_ , this might lead to problems such as the deterrence of
risk-averse litigants with meritorious claims from instituting legal
proceedings (see the Judgment at [159]–[161]).

34 Ultimately, _our_ legal regime on costs recovery is calibrated in a manner
such that full recovery of legal costs by the successful party is the
exception rather than the norm. What we need to bear in mind is that this
state of affairs is not something which exists to prejudice the winning party
in litigation, but is a manifestation of the law’s policy of _enhancing access
to justice for all_. Put another way, unrecovered legal costs is something
which is part and parcel of resolving disputes by seeking recourse to _our_
legal system and all parties who come before our courts must accept this to be
a _necessary incidence_ of using the litigation process. It is in this light
that the general rule must be understood.

Is there nevertheless an exception to the general rule in a third-party case?

35 Whilst the Appellants accepted that there was good reason for the general
rule to the effect that unrecovered legal costs of previous legal proceedings
cannot be recovered in a subsequent claim for damages, they nevertheless
submitted that this rule should apply only to same-party cases and that a
_different_ rule ought to apply in relation to _third-party cases_ (“the
third-party rule”). In this regard, the Appellants relied on the following
passage from a leading text on the law of damages (see Harvey McGregor,
_McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th ed, 2009) (“ _McGregor_ ”) at
para 17-039):

Where the costs that are now being claimed as damages have been incurred in
previous proceedings between the now claimant and some third parties, it was
for long the rule that all costs incurred in such actions by the now claimant
were recoverable, subject only to the costs having been reasonably incurred
and to all other aspects of remoteness of damage.

36 The reasons for the position adopted by the Appellants were succinctly set
out by the Judge (at [212] of the Judgment), and we summarise them as follows:

(a) In most third-party cases, the plaintiff’s action against the defendant
will be based on a cause of action independent of the earlier litigation. The
plaintiff therefore has a right to compensation for his losses.

(b) This right to compensation is not affected by other policy reasons which
apply to same-party cases.

(c) First, an award of compensation will not undermine finality because the
defendant was not before the earlier court. The plaintiff had no opportunity
to invite the earlier court to consider the defendant’s liability to pay for
the costs of the earlier litigation.

(d) Secondly, the legal costs claimed as against the defendant by the
plaintiff will not be extravagant since principles of causation,
foreseeability, remoteness and mitigation apply when assessing compensation,
and the plaintiff would limit his expenditure in the earlier proceedings
because he would have no assurance of securing subsequent reimbursement from
the defendant.

37 _However_ , the Judge then proceeded to hold that a distinction between
same-party cases and third-party cases was conceptually flawed, relying on the
English High Court decision of _British Racing Drivers’ Club Ltd and another v
Hextall Erskine & Co (a firm)_ [1996] 3 All ER 667 (“ _British Racing_ ”). In
that case, the plaintiffs brought proceedings against their solicitors for
providing negligent advice in relation to a joint venture agreement. This was
after the plaintiffs had already brought prior proceedings against other
parties involved in the joint venture agreement and arrived at a settlement.
Part of the plaintiffs’ claim against the defendants was for the professional
fees incurred in the prior proceedings. The defendants admitted that they were
negligent but disputed, _inter alia_ , the extent of their liability with
regard to the professional fees. They argued that any claim for professional
fees expended by the plaintiffs should be subject to some form of inquiry or
taxation to ensure that they were reasonable, _ie_ , that the professional
fees should be taxed on a standard basis. The plaintiffs, on the other hand,
maintained that the professional fees had been incurred and they were
therefore recoverable in full unless the defendants could demonstrate that
they were unreasonable. Alternatively, they argued that any taxation should be
done on an indemnity basis.

38 Carnwath J took the view that the professional fees incurred in bringing
the prior proceedings was a reasonable mitigation of the plaintiffs’ loss, but
held that the quantification of liability should be subject to taxation on the
standard basis, and that the mere fact that it was a third-party case should
not otherwise affect the basis of quantification. He observed thus (at 691):

The expenditure on the professional fees of solicitors and accountants was as
I have held, expenditure incurred by the plaintiffs in reasonably mitigating
their loss. Prima facie therefore, it is claimable under the ordinary rules
relating to mitigation. However, litigation costs have traditionally been
subject to special rules for policy reasons. Prior to the change in the
taxation rules [in England in 1986], there was an established distinction
between such costs incurred in proceedings between the same parties, and those
incurred in proceedings against third parties. This was anomalous, given that
similar policy considerations applied in each case. The most recent cases show
that the position must be re-considered in the light of the changes to the
taxation rules. This enables the anomaly to be resolved. Under the new
dispensation, taxation on the standard basis is to be regarded as the
equivalent to the solicitor and client basis referred to by _McGregor_.

39 Carnwath J took the view that the policy considerations which applied to
same-party cases applied equally to third-party cases. The Judge agreed with
this view to the effect that there was no distinction of principle between
same-party cases and third-party cases. This was supported, in the Judge’s
view, by the fact that (see [222] of the Judgment):

… [t]he procedural rules on joinder of causes of action and joinder of parties
in O 15 and on joinder of third parties in O 16 are now drawn extremely
widely. They advance the policy of suppressing multiplicity of proceedings and
avoiding inconsistent findings of fact. The result is that virtually every
third-party case could be litigated as a same-party case.

40 The Appellants challenged this finding by the Judge, and, in doing so,
relied heavily on an extract from _McGregor_ (at para 17-019) in support of
their case. This particular extract referred, in particular, to two English
decisions, _viz_ , _Collen v Wright_ (1858) 8 E & B 647 (“ _Collen_ ”) and
_Hammond v Bussey_ (1888) 20 QBD 79 (“ _Hammond_ ”), which were said to have
“established the law on costs as damages”, with the facts of the cases showing
“how sensible the courts have been” (see _McGregor_ at para 17-019). Looked at
in this light, it would be apposite to examine these two cases more closely.

41 In _Collen_ , the plaintiff brought a claim against an agent who had
purportedly entered, on behalf of his principal, into a lease agreement with
the plaintiff. The plaintiff had, in previous proceedings, brought an action
against the principal but failed because of the lack of actual authority as
between the principal and the agent. The plaintiff then brought a subsequent
action against the agent, claiming, _inter alia_ , the costs incurred in his
failed action against the principal. He succeeded in this claim.

42 In _Hammond_ , the plaintiff was a buyer of coal who later on-sold the coal
to a sub-buyer. The terms of both these sales included the same warranties as
to the quality of the coal. The sub-buyer was dissatisfied with the quality of
the coal and brought proceedings against the plaintiff. The plaintiff wrote to
the seller proposing that he should co-operate in the defence and agree to be
bound by the verdict and any award of damages, but the seller declined to
interfere in the matter. It was later found by the court that the coal was of
deficient quality, and the sub-buyer therefore prevailed in his action against
the plaintiff. The plaintiff then brought proceedings against the seller for
damages which included the costs of defending itself in the previous
proceedings. The plaintiff’s claim for costs incurred in the previous
proceedings as damages in the subsequent proceedings was allowed by the court.

43 Returning to _McGregor_ , the learned author, after having analysed the two
cases just mentioned, criticised _British Racing_ in the following terms (see
_McGregor_ at para 17-019):

… Why should the now claimant in these cases be under-compensated in respect
of two sets of costs when it is the now defendant’s wrong which has involved
him in two actions rather than one? There is nothing anomalous in allowing the
now claimant, provided he has acted reasonably, to be made whole in relation
to the action into which he has been forced by the now defendant’s breach of
contract or tort. In the one action his loss in costs has to be looked at
through the glass of costs but in the other it can be, and should be, looked
at through the glass of damages.

We also note the recent English High Court decision of _Herrmann v Withers
LLP_ [2012] PNLR 28, where Newey J was of the view (at [115]) that the
approach that Carnwath J adopted in _British Racing_ was “no longer
appropriate” (a decision which, not surprisingly, was warmly welcomed in the
latest edition of _McGregor_ (see Harvey McGregor, _McGregor on Damages_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 19th ed, 2014) at p vii and para 20-011), although the
learned author did also observe thus (_ibid_ at para 20-011):

… It is true that Newey J. did not go so far as awarding a full indemnity
equivalent to the costs that would have been awarded under the former
solicitor and client basis, but I am told that indemnity basis costs were all
the claimants had asked him for. Perhaps the neatest solution would be for the
courts to ensure, whenever in these types of case costs reasonably incurred
earlier are claimed as damages, that a full indemnity is awarded with no
percentage shortfall, however small. We await the Court of Appeal’s solution.

44 Both _Colleen_ and _Hammond_ indeed put forward a compelling case for
allowing the plaintiff to claim the full costs of legal fees incurred in the
first set of proceedings, since but for the defendant’s misconduct in both
those cases, the plaintiffs would not have been involved in two sets of legal
proceedings so as to be put out of pocket twice for legal costs incurred that
are not fully recoverable. Therefore, looked at from the point of view of
compensation, the full extent of the losses incurred by the plaintiffs (which
includes costs) in the first set of proceedings should be fully recoverable
from the defendants in a third-party case.

45 However, notwithstanding the arguments proffered in the preceding
paragraph, it is important to bear in mind that the plaintiffs were claiming
_unrecovered legal costs_ in the previous proceedings. As mentioned above, if
the law relating to the recovery of legal costs was such that the successful
party would obtain a _full_ indemnity for his or her legal costs, the
plaintiffs would not suffer any loss for which they could make a claim against
the defendants. Indeed, the plaintiffs would be satisfied that their losses
have been compensated for. But our law on costs (informed by our policy
considerations of enhancing social justice) is simply such that the successful
party to litigation will _not_ generally get full recovery for his legal
expenses.

46 If we take that as the starting point, there is no reason why a third-party
case should be treated any differently from a same-party case simply because
the plaintiffs can point to another party who was ultimately responsible for
the state of affairs which resulted in litigation. The indemnity principle’s
objective of enhancing access to justice does not differentiate between
litigation in that manner. Indeed, there is _no logical basis for making such
a differentiation_. _Everyone_ who is subject to the law simply takes the risk
of becoming embroiled in legal proceedings, and that involves incurring legal
costs which are unrecoverable in full. Take, for example, a defendant who is
wrongly sued for breach of contract. The defendant will ordinarily be put out
of pocket as regards the recovery of legal costs, even though but for the
plaintiff who wrongly alleged the breach of contract, the defendant would not
have had to incur those legal expenses in the first place. Another example
would be the plaintiff who is successful in bringing a claim in tort.
Notwithstanding the fact that it was the wrongful act of the tortfeasor in the
first place that led to the litigation (and the consequent incurring of legal
costs), the plaintiff will be left out of pocket for unrecovered legal costs.
Yet, we accept these outcomes as a necessary incidence of using our litigation
system as a method of dispute resolution _only_ because we recognise at the
same time that this shortfall in the recovery of legal costs incurred by the
successful litigant is part of the wider policy objective of enhancing access
to justice. Looked at in this light, the policy considerations regarding the
recovery of costs _must apply in equal measure_ to a third-party case as to a
same-party case.

47 The Judge was also correct, in our view, in observing that virtually every
third-party case could be litigated as a same-party case owing to our broad
rules as to joinder of causes of action, joinder of parties, and joinder of
third parties (see O 15 and O 16 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed)) (“the rules on joinder”), and to treat a third-party case differently
from a same-party case would be _unprincipled_. The Judge’s point was that in
a same-party case, the plaintiff would only obtain costs on a _standard_ basis
against the defendant, and, hence, unless the view that costs on a standard
basis for a same-party case is challenged, the criticism raised in _McGregor_
(see above at [43]) can be _turned on its head_ – why should the defendant in
the later proceedings have to pay additional damages just because the
plaintiff chose not to join him as a party to the earlier proceedings? In
addition, we would add that allowing a difference in the outcome depending on
whether or not the rules of joinder were employed would be an undesirable
policy. The rules on joinder are meant to encourage all parties to have all
related disputes litigated under one set of proceedings in order to save costs
and judicial resources. If the _full_ measure of costs incurred in previous
proceedings were allowed to be recovered _as damages_ in subsequent
proceedings for _a third-party case_ , this might encourage plaintiffs _not_
to bring an action against all possible defendants at the outset, thereby
_undermining_ the joinder procedure. This reasoning is of course premised on
the assumption that where all parties are joined in a single action comprising
different claims, it is treated as a same-party case and the third-party rule
does not apply.

48 In the circumstances, the Judge’s view that any distinction between same-
party cases and third-party cases was too “fragile and unprincipled” to
justify the third-party rule (see Judgment at [228]) was, in our view,
persuasive, and reflected the fundamental position that unrecovered legal
costs is a _necessary incidence_ of litigation under our legal regime costs
which is informed by the policy of enhancing access to justice. In this
regard, let us elaborate further.

49 Although this was not raised by the Appellants, there is, in fact, a line
of first instance English decisions which held that the third-party rule
applied to cases involving a single action comprising claims between different
parties (see, in particular, _Kasler and Cohen v Slavouski_ [1928] 1 KB 78;
_Butterworth v Kingsway Motors Ltd_ [1954] 1 WLR 1286; and _Bowmaker
(Commercial) Ltd v Day_ [1965] 1 WLR 1396). This appeared to undermine the
very premise of the Judge’s (and indeed our) argument relating to joinder,
since that simply meant that joinder cases were not treated as same-party
cases but as third-party cases instead.

50 _However_ , these earlier cases were (in turn) contradicted in the more
recent English Court of Appeal decision of _Penn v Bristol & West Building
Society_ [1997] 1 WLR 1356 (“ _Penn_ ”), and a careful analysis of that case
is instructive. _Penn_ involved a situation where a husband forged his wife’s
signature in order to commit a mortgage fraud on a house jointly owned by both
of them. The wife claimed against the mortgagor building society, and the
building society in turn counterclaimed against the husband’s solicitor who
mistakenly believed that he was also instructed to act for the wife in dealing
with the house. The building society’s counterclaim was for damages for breach
of warranty of authority as well as for the building society’s costs of
defending the wife’s action against them on an indemnity basis. The court held
that because there was only one set of proceedings, this did not suffice to
allow for costs to be recovered on more than the standard basis. This was
notwithstanding the fact that the court appeared to have accepted that greater
costs could have been recoverable as damages had a separate action been
brought. What is interesting was that Waller LJ (with whom Waite and Staughton
LJJ agreed) turned the argument on joinder raised earlier on its head in
arriving at his decision; he observed thus (at 1366):

The other side of the coin, I accept, is that it could be said that if the
court does not order indemnity costs where such costs would have been
recoverable as damages if a separate action had been brought, that will
discourage the bringing of third party and other claims in the one action.
That, however, I do not think is a serious risk having regard to the many
other benefits of proceeding in one action and having all issues tried at the
same time.

51 Therefore, it was apparent that any arguments based on joinder had to be
premised on a more fundamental position, which was foreshadowed by Waller LJ
in _Penn_ as follows (at 1365):

The problem as it seems to me is that there are competing considerations which
do not necessarily lie easily together. The first consideration is that a
wrongdoer should indemnify in damages for the wrong done. The second is that
when it comes to costs a wrongdoer is only liable to pay on a standard basis
unless “it appears to the court to be appropriate to order costs to be taxed
on the indemnity basis:” see R.S.C., Ord. 62, r. 3(4). In other words, a
wrongdoer is normally thought to be compensating the person wronged so far as
costs are concerned by paying costs on a standard basis, and it takes
something out of the norm for there to be an order for indemnity costs.

52 Whilst we note that Waller LJ’s reasoning for his refusal to allow costs to
be recovered on more than the standard basis appeared to be based on his
interpretation of the Rules of the Supreme Court (1965) (UK) (which _McGregor_
at para 17-044 criticises as being a “dubious” interpretation), his
observations cited in the preceding paragraph that in so far as compensation
for wrongdoing is for the recovery of costs, any indemnity for losses suffered
_must be subject to the law on costs_ was in our view what was material to the
issue before us. In this regard, we endorse Waller LJ’s point. It is not in
doubt that both these aforementioned legal principles are important. However,
in such a situation, both principles do not _appear_ (at least) to be capable
of being reconciled in their entirety. It seems to us that since it is a
matter of policy that the actual amount of legal costs incurred will not
ordinarily be recoverable by the successful party in litigation, where
compensation for legal costs incurred is the subject of a claim in _damages_ ,
such compensation _must be subject to_ the law on the recovery of costs
(albeit in the manner explained in the following paragraph). It does _not –_
and should _not_ – matter whether the situation is a same-party case or a
third-party case. At the risk of repetition, _any recourse to litigation_
comes with the inherent consequence that some legal costs will be unrecovered
by the successful party as a result of the indemnity principle’s objective of
enhancing access to justice.

53 In any event, our view is that what appears (in the preceding paragraph) to
be a _conflict_ between the law of damages on the one hand and the law on the
recovery of costs on the other is more _apparent_ than real. Put simply, the
claim concerned _is_ (as _McGregor_ emphasises) one in _damages_. _However_ ,
the _measure_ of damages ought, in our view, to be _subject to_ the policy
considerations embodied within the law on the recovery of _costs_. This is
_not_ a preference of one _substantive_ doctrine over the other. Instead, the
law on costs or, more accurately, the policy considerations underlying the law
on costs, _informs_ the law on damages in the following manner. Where the
plaintiff would _only_ have been able to claim _costs_ based on _the indemnity
principle in the previous proceedings, it appears to us to be correct in
principle that the plaintiff ought not, in subsequent proceedings, to be able
to claim for the unrecovered costs of the previous proceedings – albeit with
at least one possible caveat._ Given the myriad of possible fact
circumstances, we would not rule out the possibility of situations where the
measure of damages awarded by the court might consist of the full costs (_ie_
, costs that go beyond the measure awardable pursuant to the indemnity
principle). In the nature of things (and given the need to give effect to the
policy considerations underlying the law on costs), we would think that such
instances _would be exceptionally rare (if they in fact exist at all)_.
However, as this issue does not arise in the context of the present appeals,
we will render a definitive pronouncement when it arises directly for
decision. We would simply clarify, in the context of the present proceedings,
that, to the extent that the law laid down in _British_ Racing is taken to
wholly preclude recovery of the costs of previous proceedings in a subsequent
claim in damages, this may be too categorical an approach to adopt when we
consider that we are dealing with an area of law where judicial discretion is
critical in achieving a fair and just outcome on each particular set of facts.

54 For clarity, we should point out at this juncture that there is also a
_further constraint_ on _even mounting a subsequent action in the first place_
for recovery of costs – where to permit the subsequent proceedings would be to
sanction what is in effect _an abuse of process_. It is important to note, in
this regard, that much will depend on _the precise facts_ concerned. Indeed,
the _facts_ of _this_ case were such as _to result in an abuse of process_ for
the reasons which we elaborate upon in more detail below in our analysis of
Issue 2 (at [62]–[68]).

55 It remains for us to clarify further that the approach we have proposed in
the present case (see above at [53] and below at [59]) is an apparent
departure from the earlier decision of this court in _Ganesan Carlose &
Partners v Lee Siew Chun_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 358 (“ _Ganesan Carlose_ ”). That
case was similar to _Penn_ inasmuch as it involved a single action comprising
claims between different parties and also involved a mortgage fraud. The
plaintiff was a mother who was tricked by her son into mortgaging her home to
a bank so that credit facilities could be extended by the bank to her son’s
company. The plaintiff was supposed to sign the mortgage documents before a
legal assistant of a law firm but this was not done owing to the negligence of
the legal assistant. Instead, the son simply took the mortgage document away
from the legal assistant and returned with it signed. The plaintiff sued, in a
single action, her son’s company, the bank, as well as the law firm. The
plaintiff’s claim against the bank to set aside the mortgage was dismissed,
but her claim against the law firm was allowed in part. At the assessment of
damages stage, the plaintiff claimed, _inter alia_ , the legal costs and
expenses incurred by her in suing the company and the bank.

56 The court in _Ganesan Carlose_ did not allow the plaintiff’s claim for
reasons premised on abuse of process. The court held that an order for costs
was made for the law firm to pay costs to the plaintiff which included all
costs payable by the plaintiff to the bank (_ie_ , a _Bullock_ order (see the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Bullock v The London General Omnibus
Company_ [1907] 1 KB 264)), but there was _no order for the law firm to pay
the plaintiff’s own costs of suing the bank_. Therefore, the issue of the
plaintiff’s costs in suing the company and the bank could not be reopened, and
the recourse for the plaintiff if she thought that there was something amiss
in the cost orders made was to have resorted to the liberty to apply clause in
the order of court. The plaintiff should not “be entitled to a second bite
under the guise of damages” (see _Ganesan Carlose_ at [20]).

57 However, in arriving at that conclusion, the court in _Ganesan Carlose_
(like the court in _Penn_) assumed, without much discussion, the validity of
the third-party rule. In this regard, it should be noted that there were two
earlier English Court of Appeal decisions (_viz_ , _The Tiburon_ [1992] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 26 and _Lonrho plc v Fayed (No 5)_ [1993] 1 WLR 1489) where it was
held (albeit by way of _obiter dicta_) that claims as damages for the costs of
previous proceedings would be limited only to costs on a standard basis even
for third-party cases (see also _McGregor_ at para 17-044). These decisions
and _British Racing_ were not cited in _Ganesan Carlose_.

58 With respect, we therefore do not think that the statement made by this
court in _Ganesan Carlose_ citing _Hammond_ (at [12]) that, “[i]t is settled
law that where as a result of the defendant’s wrong the plaintiff has incurred
costs in other proceedings the plaintiff may, subject to the rules of
remoteness, recover those costs from the defendant as damages”, was meant to
be a firm endorsement of the third-party rule, and we decline to adopt the
third-party rule as stated in _Ganesan Carlose_ for the reasons stated above.

59 Let us _summarise_ the analysis thus far. Where the plaintiff brings a
claim in damages against the defendant for the costs of previous proceedings,
the general rule is that the _measure_ of the plaintiff’s claim would be
subject to the policy considerations embodied within the law on costs. This
limit is (in accordance with the indemnity principle) costs on the standard
basis (or costs on the indemnity basis where appropriate) and applies _both_
to the plaintiff in a same-party case and a third-party case – subject
(possibly) to the exceptionally rare (and indeed, almost hypothetical)
instance where the plaintiff is able to persuade the court that the facts of
the case are such that an award of the _full_ measure of costs beyond that
awardable pursuant to the indemnity principle might be justified (a possible
situation which did not arise in the context of the present proceedings and
which will be dealt with definitively when it arises directly for decision).
In this connection, the effect of _British Racing_ (as also recognised by the
Judge) should not be taken to constitute _an inflexible bar_ to a plaintiff in
a third-party case inasmuch as it would proscribe him from recovering any of
the costs incurred in the earlier litigation as damages.

Application to the facts

60 Turning to the facts of _the present case_ , we were of the view that the
Appellants’ claims must fail. That this was so is confirmed by the fact that
had the Appellants not made any request to this court in _Ng Eng Ghee (Costs)_
and (hence) received no award of costs, they would (on the principles of law
set out above) have been in a similar situation to the plaintiff in _Hammond_
(_ie_ , a third-party case). On the basis of the relevant decisions discussed
above, had the Appellants _then_ mounted a claim based on an _independent
cause of action_ (here, premised on an alleged breach of fiduciary duties on
the part of the Respondents), it is clear, in our view, that the Appellants
(assuming that they could establish a breach of fiduciary duties and could
surmount any difficulties with regard to causation) should not have found
themselves better off than they found themselves after their request had been
considered by this court in _Ng Eng Ghee (Costs)_. Put simply, it is
_unlikely_ that this court would have awarded the Appellants damages in the
quantum that went _beyond costs on the standard basis_ (for example, indemnity
costs, or a full and literal indemnity) given the facts of the present case.
In order for the policy objective of our costs regime (_ie_ , enhancing access
to justice) not to be undermined, the quantum awarded would have had to
reflect accurately the nature of the damage which the Appellants had in fact
suffered, and this cannot be different from the recovery of legal costs which
they _ought to have received had they been raised before the court in the
original proceedings_ , _ie_ , an amount comprising _what would have amounted
to the costs awarded on the standard basis_.

61 Furthermore, the Appellants had, in point of fact, _already_ been awarded
_costs on a standard basis_ in _Ng Eng Ghee (Costs). A fortiori_ , no further
recovery was possible in light of our analysis above. Their claim in damages
for the unrecovered costs of the previous proceedings therefore could not
succeed.

Issue 2

62 There was, in fact, a _further_ reason as to why this appeal ought to fail
_in any event, even assuming that Issue 1 was decided in the Appellants’
favour_ (which was not the case in light of our decision above). Having _had
the opportunity to seek costs_ from this court in _Ng Eng Ghee (Costs) and
having decided not to avail themselves of that opportunity_ , it was, in our
view, _an abuse of process_ for the Appellants to now raise the issue of costs
against the Respondents in the present proceedings (in accordance with the
legal principles set out in the Singapore High Court decision of _Goh Nellie v
Goh Lian Teck and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 at [51]–[53]). Indeed, as we
have already noted, the Appellants made a deliberate choice _not_ to seek
costs as against the Respondents in their individual capacities before this
court in _Ng Eng Ghee (Costs)_. This was notwithstanding the fact that all the
Appellants (including the two Appellants who were _non-_ parties to _Ng Eng
Ghee (CA)_) were allowed to recover costs for the proceedings leading up to
_Ng Eng Ghee (CA)_ , and were, in fact, awarded costs on a standard basis in
_Ng Eng Ghee (Costs)_.

63 We note that the _Appellants_ also sought to argue that it was not, in any
event, _possible_ for them to have been awarded costs against the Respondents
as they were _non_ -parties. In particular, they relied on the decision of
this court in _DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Ltd v Consult Asia Pte Ltd and another
appeal_ [2010] 3 SLR 542 (“ _DB Trustees_ ”) which they submitted stood for
the proposition that two factors ought to be present before the Court will
award costs against a non-party which are derived from [30] and [35] of that
case:

(a) There must be a close connection between the non-party and the
proceedings, such as where the non-party either funds or controls legal
proceedings with the intention of ultimately deriving a benefit from the same.

(b) The non-party must have caused the incurring of costs in the legal
proceedings, which may be established by the very same facts which go toward
the establishment of the first factor.

64 The Appellants argued that there was no such connection between the
Respondents and the previous proceedings as the Respondents had neither funded
nor controlled the relevant legal proceedings, and that the Respondents did
not cause the incurring of costs.

65 We were _not_ persuaded by the Appellants’ arguments in this regard for a
number of reasons.

66 First, the two factors in _DB Trustees_ are by no means conclusive. As
pointed out by the Respondents, the award of costs whether as against parties
to the proceedings or non-parties is ultimately a matter of the court's
discretion. This much was clear from a careful reading of _DB Trustees_ ,
which explained (at [29]) that:

From [_Dymocks Franchise Systems (NSW) Pty Ltd v Todd (Associated Industrial
Finance Pty Ltd, Third Party)_ [2004] 1 WLR 2807] and [_Globe Equities Limited
v Globe Legal Services Limited_ [1999] BLR 232], as well as [_Chin Yoke Choong
Bobby v Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 907], it is clear that _the
overarching rule with regard to ordering costs against a non-party in court
proceedings is that it must, in the circumstances of the case, be just to do
so_. That said, it appears to us that two particular factors, among the myriad
of possibly relevant considerations, ought to almost always be present to make
it just to award costs against a non-party. _This does not, however, mean that
they are indispensable prerequisites that have to be met before a costs order
against a non-party can be made_. [emphasis added]

It was clear to us that it was _possible_ for costs to have been awarded
against the Respondents even if the two factors had not been met so long as it
was in the interest of justice to do so. This was especially so in the
particular situation of collective sale application disputes where the nature
of such applications is that the parties to the dispute might not be as
intimately involved in the proceedings as some non-parties who might not fall
within the ambit of the two factors. The Respondents in the present appeals
are a case in point.

67 Secondly, it was also difficult to accept that the Appellants could on the
one hand maintain that the Respondents, as non-parties in the earlier
proceedings, caused their loss in the form of legal costs incurred for the
purposes of establishing their claim in equitable compensation, whilst on the
other hand take the contradictory position that the Respondents did not cause
such loss for the purposes of asking the court to award costs against the
Respondents as non-parties.

68 The Appellants could have and, indeed, should have sought costs against the
Respondents when they had the opportunity to do so in _Ng Eng Ghee (Costs)_.
Having not taken this opportunity, we found that it was an abuse of process
for them to now claim as damages the costs of those previous proceedings.

Conclusion

69 For the reasons set out above, we dismissed the appeals, with costs awarded
to each of the Respondents in the amount of $30,000 (inclusive of
disbursements). The usual consequential orders also applied.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Nov 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

