Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  BDU _v_ BDT  
[2014] SGCA 12

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 65 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Poonam Mirchandani and Ashok Chugani (Mirchandani &
Partners) for the appellant; Patrick Tan Tse Chia, Lim Pei Ling June and Low
Seow Ling (Patrick Tan LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  BDU — BDT  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 3 SLR 535.]

17 February 2014|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The present proceedings involve a child, [B], his Singaporean mother and his
German father. This appeal was brought by the mother (“the Appellant”) against
the High Court’s affirmation of the District Court’s decision allowing the
application of the father (“the Respondent”) under s 8(1) of the International
Child Abduction Act (Cap 143C, 2011 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for the return of [B]
to Germany on the basis that he ([B]) had been wrongfully retained in
Singapore by the Appellant. The Appellant resisted the application under,
_inter alia_ , Art 13(_b_) of the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of
International Child Abduction (“the Hague Convention”) (which is given effect
to in Singapore by the Act), which gives the court the discretion not to order
the return of the child if there is a grave risk that the return would expose
the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an
intolerable situation. This is, in fact, the first case under the Act and the
Hague Convention to be litigated in Singapore.

2 In the present appeal, the Appellant contended that an order for [B]’s
return to Germany should be refused under Art 13(_b_) of the Hague Convention
as [B] would be at grave risk of psychological harm or would otherwise be
placed in an intolerable situation due to the separation of [B] from the
Appellant, his mother. This impending separation was purportedly due to the
Appellant’s inability, on medical (specifically, psychological) reasons, to
return to Germany with [B] should a return order be made. We made a return
order in respect of [B], albeit subject to both parties providing certain
specific undertakings. We now set out the detailed grounds for our decision.

Facts

Background to the dispute

3 The brief facts of the case are as follows. The Appellant and the Respondent
got to know each other over the Internet in 2007, and met in person only in
2009 when the Appellant travelled to Germany to meet the Respondent. The
Appellant became pregnant during the visit and the parties then married in
Denmark on 30 October 2009, after which the couple set up home in Germany. [B]
was born in Germany on 16 April 2010.

4 The Respondent lives with his parents in a three-storey apartment in the
village of [S] in Germany and works as a registered nurse in the nearby town
of [M]. The Appellant did not work during the marriage, and she and the child
were supported by the Respondent. Initially the couple lived by themselves but
they subsequently moved in with the Respondent’s parents. The Appellant found
life difficult in Germany partly because she could not speak the language and
partly because the family was living in a very small town. There were quarrels
and differences between the Appellant and the Respondent, and between the
Appellant and her mother-in-law.

5 On 1 November 2010, the Appellant and [B] visited Singapore. The visit was
supposed to have lasted five weeks but the Appellant extended it to February
2011 so that she could spend Chinese New Year with her family. On 30 January
2011, the Respondent came to Singapore to persuade the Appellant to return
home, and eventually the family returned to Germany on 7 February 2011. Before
coming to Singapore, the Respondent had made an application to a German court
as a result of which, on 15 February 2011, the German court made an interim
order that the Respondent was to have the sole right to determine [B]’s place
of abode. On 14 July 2011, on an application by the Respondent to restore the
Appellant’s right to decide the place of abode of the child, the German court
ordered that the parties should jointly exercise the right of determination of
[B]’s abode.

6 On 18 January 2012, the Appellant, the Respondent and [B] travelled to
Singapore to celebrate Chinese New Year with the Appellant’s relatives. They
were scheduled to return to Germany on 17 February 2012, but in the event only
the Respondent returned. The Appellant and [B] remained behind and have not
left Singapore since. The Appellant was then pregnant again with the parties’
second child, [J], who was born in Singapore on 21 August 2012.

7 On 2 March 2012, upon the application of the Respondent, the German court
made an interim order that the exercise of “paternal authority” over [B] was
to be transferred to the Respondent alone, and that the Appellant was to hand
[B] over to the Respondent who was entitled to bring him back to Germany.
Subsequently, the Respondent applied to the German Central Authority for a
“Request for Return” pursuant to the Hague Convention. He also applied to the
Singapore Central Authority for its assistance to help effect the voluntary
return of [B].

8 The Singapore Central Authority contacted the Appellant on 4 April 2012 and,
on 7 April 2012, the Respondent and the Respondent’s father arrived in
Singapore to retrieve [B]. The Appellant refused to hand over [B] and, on 24
April 2012, commenced proceedings for the sole custody and care and control of
[B]. The Appellant’s application was stayed pursuant to s 13 of the Act when,
on 31 May 2012, the Respondent brought an application under the Act for a
return order to Germany in respect of [B]. This is the application which gave
rise to the proceedings culminating in the present appeal. It is to be noted
that the application concerned [B] alone (who was about two years of age at
the time of the application). It did not involve the parties’ second child,
[J].

The proceedings below

The District Court proceedings

9 The present proceedings were commenced in the District Court in accordance
with the Transfer Order made by the Chief Justice on 1 March 2011 specifying
that any proceedings under the Act are to be heard and determined by the
District Court at first instance. The District Court judge (“the DJ”) heard
the parties over several days in July and August 2012.

10 On 21 August 2012, the DJ ordered the return of [B] to Germany. She also
made certain orders regarding the arrangements pursuant to which [B]’s return
would take place. In particular, the Appellant was to hand over [B] and his
travel documents to the Respondent who would bring the child back to Germany.
The child would thereafter reside with the Respondent in Germany pending
resolution of custody proceedings by the German court, subject to the
Appellant having access to [B] twice a week for a period of four hours each.
Additionally, the Respondent undertook, _inter alia_ , to pay for rental
accommodation in Germany for the Appellant and the second child, [J], as well
as to provide interim monthly maintenance in the sum of €491 for both the
Appellant and [J].

11 Before the DJ, the Appellant had argued that returning to Germany with [B]
would expose her to physical and psychological harm and [B] to psychological
harm or would otherwise place [B] in an intolerable position. The Appellant
alleged that she had been psychologically abused by the Respondent’s parents
and physically abused by the Respondent. The DJ considered these allegations
in detail in her Grounds of Decision (see _BDT v BDU_ [2012] SGDC 363 (“the DC
Judgment”)). Whilst accepting that there had been problems between the
Appellant and her mother-in-law, the DJ held that this did not constitute
grave harm and did not have an impact on [B] (see the DC Judgment at [76]).
The DJ found that the evidence demonstrated that the Appellant did not regard
the alleged domestic violence by the Respondent to be so serious as to affect
the marriage or her ability to care for [B] (see the DC Judgment at [78]). She
also noted that there was no allegation of any child abuse or mistreatment
with regard to [B] himself (see the DC Judgment at [81]). The DJ concluded
that the alleged harm from domestic violence could not be so grave or
intolerable to the Appellant as to enable her to use it as a basis for a
defence under Art 13(_b_).

12 The DJ made her decision on the basis of, _inter alia_ , a report on [B]
dated 13 July 2012 by Dr Lim Yun Chin (“Dr Lim”), a psychologist engaged by
the Appellant. In the report (“Dr Lim’s First Report”), Dr Lim noted that
[B]’s feelings of security and well-being were contingent on the Appellant’s
physical presence, such that it would not be in [B]’s psychological and social
interests to separate him from his mother. He opined that the Appellant could
not return to Germany and to require her to do so would be to court disaster
because of the absence of the support of the Respondent and her in-laws’
hostility towards her.

13 The DJ accorded little weight to Dr Lim’s First Report as it was based
solely on information provided by the Appellant as well as three sessions of
observation of interaction only between the Appellant and the child (see the
DC Judgment at [83]). In the round, the DJ found that there was no compelling
evidence that [B] would be placed in an intolerable situation if he were to be
returned to Germany, or that the German authorities would not be able to
protect him.

The High Court proceedings

14 The Appellant filed an appeal against the decision of the DJ on 31 August
2012. However, the appeal thereafter took over half a year to reach the High
Court. This was partly because the Appellant’s lawyers discharged themselves
as the Appellant was unable to afford private representation and the Appellant
then had to apply for legal aid. On 1 February 2013, the Appellant commenced
divorce proceedings in the Family Court on the basis of the Respondent’s
alleged unreasonable behaviour. On 25 March 2013, the appeal against the DJ’s
decision was finally heard by the High Court judge (“the Judge”).

15 Before the Judge, the Appellant relied greatly on a further report from Dr
Lim dated 1 February 2013 (“Dr Lim’s Further Report”) as evidence of the
deterioration in her mental health since the hearing before the DJ. In this
report, Dr Lim expressed the view that the Appellant had been routinely abused
both physically and emotionally. Dr Lim diagnosed the Appellant with a major
depressive disorder and opined that the possibility of losing [B] would push
her towards a situation of risk in which she could endanger herself and [J].
Dr Lim opined that it was doubtful if the Appellant could cope with life in
Germany and that there was a real risk of suicide for the Appellant if she was
forced to move there or if either child was removed from her. Dr Lim further
opined that to separate [B] from his mother and brother, [J], would lead to
severe emotional upheaval as well as long term harm to [B].

16 In her judgment dated 15 May 2013 in _BDU v BDT_ [2013] 3 SLR 535 (“the
Judgment”), the Judge dismissed the appeal on the ground that the Appellant
had not discharged the requisite burden under Art 13(_b_). In particular:

(a) _In relation to the Appellant’s allegations of domestic violence_ , the
Judge found that the DJ was entitled to find, on the evidence before her, that
violence was not a serious issue in the marriage. The Judge observed (at [95]
of the Judgment) that “[t]here may have been some violence in the marriage but
the circumstances in which such violence occurred have not been established
and therefore it is impossible to decide whether the aggressor was the mother
or the father” and that “[t]he mother was not consistent in her reactions to
the abuse”. The Judge accordingly found that the alleged presence of violence
in the marriage would not provide a legitimate reason for the Appellant not to
return to Germany with [B].

(b) _In relation to the alleged risk of harm to [B]_ , the Judge noted that
such risk was alleged by the Appellant to arise from:

(i) any separation of [B] from his mother and brother, and

(ii) the impact on [B] if the Appellant harms herself.

(ii) In this regard, the Judge noted that the child’s separation distress
would be ameliorated somewhat if [B] had a reasonable relationship with a
loving father and if the Appellant returned to Germany with [B] and had
frequent contact with [B] (see the Judgment at [96]). She observed that the
risk of separation of [B] from his mother arose mainly from the possibility
that the Appellant would not return to Germany with him.

(c) Whilst the Appellant maintained that she was unable (as opposed to
unwilling) to return to Germany with [B], the Judge was not convinced by this.
The Judge was primarily of the view that she could not overturn the findings
of the DJ unless they were against the weight of evidence. The Judge observed
that whilst the practical living situation facing the Appellant in Germany
would not be an easy one, there were support facilities available to her and
she would also have access to legal advice (see the Judgment at [97]).
Further, the undertakings given by the Respondent (with respect to, _inter
alia_ , the Appellant’s and [J]’s maintenance and accommodation) (see above at
[10]) were intended to alleviate her difficulties. Whilst the Appellant had
criticised these undertakings as being inadequate, she had not made any
concrete suggestions as to what undertakings would satisfy her. Finally,
whilst it remained a concern that the Appellant expressed suicidal thoughts,
the Judge noted that these had _not_ been made known to Dr Lim until _after_
the DJ’s decision ordering the return of [B]. The Judge also considered it
noteworthy that the Appellant had continuously refused the recommended course
of antidepressant medication on account of her breastfeeding her second child,
[J], notwithstanding that other suitable methods were available for feeding
the child. In the words of the Judge, “[t]he mother has not helped herself
very much” (see the Judgment at [106]).

The Judge therefore concluded that the Appellant had not discharged her burden
under Art 13(_b_), and affirmed the return order in respect of [B]. However,
noting the Appellant’s argument that it would be highly stressful for [B] to
see her only twice a week for four hours each time, the Judge required a
further undertaking from the Respondent that as long as the Appellant was in
Germany, she would be able to have daily access to [B] (see the Judgment at
[107]).

The parties’ respective cases

17 On appeal, the Appellant argued that an order for [B]’s return to Germany
should be refused under Art 13(_b_) of the Hague Convention as [B] would be at
grave risk of psychological harm or would otherwise be placed in an
intolerable situation if the return order was made. This grave risk or
intolerable situation was said to emanate from the separation of [B] from his
mother and his brother, [J], owing to the Appellant’s _inability due to
medical (and in particular, psychological) reasons_ to return to Germany with
[B] should a return order for [B] be made. The Appellant cited various reasons
to justify her alleged inability to return to Germany, namely:

(a) the alleged physical and emotional violence inflicted on her by the
Respondent during the marriage;

(b) her difficulties in adapting to life in Germany and her difficult
relations with the Respondent’s family, and in particular, his mother; and

(c) the alleged risk that she will commit suicide in Germany if she returns
with [B].

18 In response, the Respondent disputed the Appellant’s allegations of
physical and emotional violence, and alleged that she was the aggressor during
these incidents. The Respondent contended that Dr Lim’s assessment of the
Appellant’s mental state and her account of her alleged abuse should be
disregarded as Dr Lim did not have the benefit of the Respondent’s account of
the relevant matters. The Respondent also contended that there was no
increased risk of suicide to the Appellant if she returned to Germany, and
that the Appellant was in fact _unwilling as opposed to unable_ to return to
Germany.

The present appeal

19 The present appeal was heard before us on 22 July 2013. Given that a
central question in the proceedings was the Appellant’s alleged inability for
medical reasons to return to Germany with [B], we appointed an independent
court expert, Dr Rathi Mahendran (“Dr Mahendran”), to assess the risk of
physical and psychological harm to the Appellant (including any risk of
suicide and/or self-harm) should an order be made returning [B] to Germany in
the company of the Appellant pending the determination of custody issues by
the German courts. We adjourned the matter to allow Dr Mahendran to examine
and provide a psychiatric report on the Appellant.

Dr Mahendran’s report

20 Based on interviews with the Appellant and, _inter alia_ , the Respondent,
his parents and the Appellant’s mother and brother, as well as the relevant
court and medical documentation, Dr Mahendran prepared a psychiatric report on
the Appellant dated 16 September 2013 (“Dr Mahendran’s Report”). Her findings
are summarised as follows:

(a) _Diagnosis_

(i) Dr Mahendran diagnosed the Appellant with “ _Delusion Disorder (Jealous
and Persecutory types)_ ”. In particular, Dr Mahendran noted that the
Appellant had delusional beliefs about the Respondent’s infidelity as well as
unwarranted suspicions and hostility towards her in-laws.

(ii) Dr Mahendran noted that the Appellant did _not_ have a _depressive
disorder_. However, she had poor insight into her illness and her judgment was
affected by the illness.

(iii) Whilst the Appellant had made verbal threats of suicide and threats to
harm her children, these were not in relation to a depressed mood but were
threats intended to frighten the Respondent and were possibly made out of
desperation.

(iv) The Appellant’s ability to provide physical care for her children was not
impaired in any way. However, the decisions she might have to make for them
may be affected by poor judgment and delusional beliefs.

(b) _Prognosis_

(i) According to Dr Mahendran (at para 4.2 of her report), “[w]ithout
treatment for the Delusional Disorder [the Appellant] will continue to act on
her delusions and create problems for her husband whether she is in Singapore
or Germany”. Dr Mahendran also noted the Appellant is more likely to become
disruptive and grow worse in Germany, and may become functionally impaired and
incapable of managing herself or [J]. All in all, Dr Mahendran opined that the
“prognosis [was] poor”.

(ii) Whilst an accurate prediction of suicide risk was difficult, Dr Mahendran
stated that the general indicators showed that the risk of suicide was low.

(c) _Recommendation_

(i) In the circumstances, Dr Mahendran recommended that the Appellant start
treatment in Singapore in order to minimise the risk of non-adherence to
treatment and achieve some symptom control before (and if) she leaves for
Germany.

(ii) Dr Mahendran then opined (at para 5.1 of her report) that “[h]er care can
then be transferred to Germany with clear management plans formulated for
continuity of care” and that “[h]er symptoms would be better controlled and
hopefully this would increase treatment compliance and her ability to cope in
Germany”.

The order and undertakings

21 On 18 October 2013, the court convened to hear the submissions of the
parties on the appropriate course of action, given the findings in Dr
Mahendran’s Report. After hearing both parties, we indicated that we intended
to make a return order of the child to Germany subject to the Respondent
giving satisfactory undertakings. However, having regard to Dr Mahendran’s
Report and the views expressed therein, we were prepared to defer the return
order for a specified period (possibly a period of up to three months) if the
Appellant undertook to immediately undergo treatment in accordance with the
recommendations set out in Dr Mahendran’s Report. Whilst we could have taken
the view that the Appellant had failed unreasonably to avail herself of
treatment thus far, we were prepared to put this to one side if the Appellant
fulfilled the aforesaid undertaking.

22 Over three hearing dates on 28 and 29 November and 3 December 2013, and
with the input of both counsel, we convened to finalise the respective
undertakings to be given by the parties. These undertakings were different
from (and more detailed than) those in the courts below, and were intended to
take into account the Appellant’s psychological condition as well as to ensure
that the substantive proceedings in the German court with regard to the
custody and/or care and control of [B] proceed on a level playing field in all
respects. We were happy to note that the Appellant indicated that she would
return to Germany together with her other child, [J], when the return order in
respect of [B] takes effect. In these circumstances, we considered it more
appropriate for [B] to reside with the Appellant and [J] in Germany, with
reasonable access being granted to the Respondent (the details with respect to
such access being set out in the parties’ undertakings). The parties’
undertakings were eventually incorporated into the return order.

23 In summary, we ordered the return of [B] to Germany before the expiry of
2.5 months from 1 December 2013 subject to the parties providing, _inter alia_
, the following undertakings:

(a)

Undertakings by _the Respondent_ to:

(i)

source and pay for the Appellant and both children’s airfares to Germany;

(ii)

provide the Appellant and both children with rented accommodation at a
reasonable rental rate with the proper furniture, lightings, utilities,
heating and ventilation;

(iii)

provide a total maintenance of €1,100 or €1,200 per month (depending on which
town the Appellant chooses to reside in) for the Appellant and the two
children;

(iv)

ensure that the Appellant’s medical (including psychiatric) and legal expenses
are paid for (if necessary, out of the Respondent’s own pocket); and

(v)

apply to the German court seized of the matter to incorporate the parties’
undertakings as an order of that court prior to the Appellant and the children
returning to Germany.

(b) Undertakings by _the Appellant_ to:

(i)

undergo the appropriate medical (including psychiatric treatment) with
immediate effect in Singapore and continue such treatment in Germany; and

(ii)

perform certain obligations so that the Respondent’s undertakings are not
undermined.

The order of court incorporating the parties’ undertakings is annexed to this
judgment (“the Annex”) and will be discussed further in our section dealing
with the reasons for our decision (below at [78]–[85]). In the meantime, we
turn to the relevant legal principles which informed our decision.

The applicable legal principles

24 The relevant Convention which constitutes the legal focus of the present
appeal is the Hague Convention, which is now given effect to in the Singapore
context pursuant to the Act.

The general rule and the rationale of jurisdiction selection

25 It is of the first importance to note right at the outset what the Hague
Convention covers and (perhaps more importantly) what it does _not_. An
excellent starting-point in this regard is the following summary by Prof Leong
Wai Kum (see Leong Wai Kum, _Elements of Family Law in Singapore_ (2nd ed,
LexisNexis, 2013) at p 270):

It follows from the above that these objectives [of the Hague Convention] are
fairly limited. The [Hague] Convention may be understood, particularly by a
conflicts lawyer, as **_an agreement among nations on ‘jurisdiction selection’
in matters relating to custody and care of a child._**_The participating
nations agree to select_ _the courts of the country of habitual residence of
the child to be the courts to decide all issues of custody and care. Every
other court will thus seek only to, as quickly as possible, return the child
to the court of her habitual residence. In particular, every other court will
not seek to investigate for itself what might be the best possible order
regarding the custody and care of the child._ This, as agreed, should be left
to the court of her habitual residence.

It is, therefore, not a valid criticism that, in ordering the return of the
child to her habitual residence, the court has overlooked some argument
relating to her welfare. _Every court other than the court of her habitual
residence has agreed to desist from investigating into the substantive issues
relating to her welfare to defer to the court of her habitual residence_. Put
another way, the understanding of the child’s welfare under the [Hague]
Convention is not the substantive understanding (as under the domestic law of
guardianship and custody) but rather the more limited understanding, that
where she has been unlawfully removed from her habitual residence, her welfare
is best served by swiftly returning her to her habitual residence. There the
courts will look into the substantive issues.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

26 Put simply, the court of the country to which the child has been brought
(in this case, Singapore) is – pursuant to the Hague Convention – concerned
_only_ with the return of the child concerned to his or her country of
habitual residence from which he or she was first abducted, subject only to
the limited exceptions set out in, _inter alia_ , Art 13 of that Convention.
It is _not_ concerned with the substantive merits relating to the relevant
issues of custody and/or care and control between the parents concerned (still
less is it a Convention for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of
foreign custody orders (see David McClean, _The Hague Convention on the Civil
Aspects of International Child Abduction_ – _Explanatory Documentation
prepared for Commonwealth Jurisdictions_ (Commonwealth Secretariat, London,
1997) (“ _McClean_ ”) at p 6). Indeed, this point is made clear beyond
peradventure by Art 19 of the Hague Convention, which reads as follows:

A decision under this Convention concerning the return of the child shall
**_not_** be taken to be a determination on the merits of any custody issue.
[emphasis added]

27 This is imperative because, as noted by Brennan CJ, Dawson, Toohey,
Gaudron, McHugh and Gummow JJ in their joint judgment in the High Court of
Australia decision of _De L v Director-General, New South Wales Department of
Community Services and Another_ (1996) 187 CLR 640 (“ _De L_ ”) (at 648–649)
(these observations were also referred to in the subsequent High Court of
Australia decision of _DP v Commonwealth Central Authority_ (2001) 206 CLR 401
(“ _DP_ ”) at 406):

[T]he [Hague] Convention is concerned with reserving to the jurisdiction of
the habitual residence of the child in a Contracting State the determination
of rights of custody and of access. **_This_**** _entails preparedness_****
_on the part of each Contracting State to_**** _exercise a degree of self-
denial with respect to “its natural inclination to make its own assessment
about the interests of children who are currently in its jurisdiction by
investigating the facts of each individual case”_** [citing John Eekelaar,
“International Child Abduction by Parents” (1982) 32 Univ Toronto LJ 281 at
305 (“ _Eekelaar_ ”)]. [emphasis added in bold italics]

Compromise, balance and Art 13(b)

28 It is important to note that the concept of jurisdiction selection embodied
in Art 13 of the Hague Convention represents _a compromise_ which is intended
to ensure that the Convention is practical and workable across the various
jurisdictions (indeed, this has been described as “a fragile compromise” (see
Elisa Pérez-Vera, _Explanatory Report on the 1980 Hague Child Abduction
Convention_ (HCCH Publications, 1982) (“ _Pérez-Vera_ ”) at para 116);
reference may also be made to the New Zealand High Court decision of _El Sayed
v Secretary for Justice_ [2003] 1 NZLR 349 (“ _El Sayed_ ”) at [53]).

29 Conceptually, it is not difficult to understand why a compromise was
needed. There appear (see below at [34]) to be two extreme ends of the legal
spectrum. On the one end was the need to have regard on an _individual_ level
to the paramount interests of the child concerned. On the other end, there was
the need on a _more general policy_ level to ensure that abducted children
were returned swiftly to their respective countries of habitual residence. It
is easy to see how the former might in fact impede the latter. Given that the
entire _raison d’être_ of the Hague Convention is to ensure the latter (see
Art 1 of the Convention), it comes as no surprise that the Convention focuses
instead on the _general_ concept of jurisdiction selection.

30 However, there are understandable concerns that, in ensuring the swift
return of abducted children to their respective countries of habitual
residence, this more general aim could simultaneously result (in some
instances at least) in detrimental effects on those children such that
exceptions to their return are justified. As observed by A E Anton, who in
fact chaired the Commission which drafted the Hague Convention (see A E Anton,
“The Hague Convention on International Child Abduction” (1981) 30 ICLQ 537 (“
_Anton_ ”) at 542):

It was decided … to draft a Convention which would concern itself with custody
_rights_ rather than with custody _decisions_ and which would concentrate upon
securing the prompt return of a child who had been removed in breach of
custody rights effectively exercised under the law of his habitual residence
[emphasis in original]

31 This reflects – once again – the perennial tensions in the law between the
universal and the particular; between the need for certainty and
predictability on the one hand and the need for flexibility and fairness on
the other. In the circumstances, efforts were made to ensure that the more
general policy underlying the Hague Convention did not override (at least
wholly) the paramount interests of the children. It is in this context that
the resulting compromise in the Hague Convention arose, in the form of
_exceptions_ to the general policy (embodied, _inter alia_ , within Art 13 of
the Hague Convention). It is not surprising, though, that these exceptions are
of a very _limited_ nature. Indeed, if such exceptions were broader, they
would “swallow up” the general policy and (to utilise the very apt turn of
phrase in the judgment of Butler-Sloss LJ in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _C v C (Abduction: Rights of Custody)_ [1989] 1 WLR 654 (“ _C v C_
”) at 661), “would drive a coach and four horses through the [Hague]
Convention”.

32 Any country which adopts the very broad approach referred to at the end of
the preceding paragraph would, in the words of Kirby J in _De L_ at 685,
“undermine the reciprocity upon which the [Hague] Convention rests” (see also
_per_ Lord Donaldson of Lymington MR in _C v C_ at 663). This would be very
unfortunate, not least because the decision taken by a country to be a
signatory to the Hague Convention is not one to be taken lightly. For example,
the Singapore Parliament wanted to be very certain before it ultimately
adopted the Hague Convention (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ ,
_Official Report_ (16 September 2010) vol 87 at col 1267, _per_ Dr Vivian
Balakrishnan, the Minister for Community Development, Youth and Sports during
the Second Reading of the International Child Abduction Bill (Bill No 22 of
2010) (“the _Debates_ ”)), despite the many calls for it to do so (see, for
example, Leong Wai Kum, “International Co-operation in Child Abduction Across
Borders” (1999) 11 SAcLJ 409 (“ _Leong_ ”); Leong Wai Kum, “The Convention on
the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction – A Case for Singapore to
be a Member State” _The Singapore Law Gazette_ , July 2005, pp 19–26; Debbie S
L Ong, “Parental Child Abduction in Singapore: The Experience of A Non-
Convention Country” (2007) 21 International Journal of Law, Policy and the
Family 220; and Nigel Lowe & Debbie Ong, “Why the Child Abduction Protocol
Negotiations Should Not Deflect Singapore from Acceding to the 1980 _Hague
Abduction Convention_ ” [2007] Sing JLS 216 (“ _Lowe & Ong_”)).

33 That having been said, the paramount interests of the individual child
_will_ be considered and given effect to in _exceptional situations_ by the
court in the country to which the child was abducted _._ What these situations
are will depend, of course, on the precise fact situation concerned. Whilst
this might not sound satisfactory, it is a practical reality and the court
simply cannot avoid the inevitable issue of _application_ (see also _per_
Gleeson CJ in _DP_ (especially at 408)).

34 But what, then, of the _general_ situation? In our view, adhering to the
concept of jurisdiction selection in the _general_ situation pursuant to the
spirit of the Hague Convention itself is not _necessarily_ inconsistent with
the paramount interests of the _individual_ child concerned. The relationship
between the general and the specific is, in the _usual_ situation, more often
than not _complementary_ (as opposed to contradictory) in nature. For this
reason, the tension alluded to above (at [29]) is (in most situations at
least) more apparent than real. In particular, it will be seen that the so-
called (general) policy is not _necessarily_ inconsistent with the
(particular) rights of the individual child (_cf Lowe & Ong_ (at 228) who
refer to “the individual child’s welfare [being] subjected to the higher goal
of preventing future abductions”).

Balance, complementarity and fairness

35 In the general situation, the child concerned is returned as swiftly as
possible to the country of his or her habitual residence. However, this does
_not_ mean that his or her interests have been wholly ignored. Indeed, as has
been perceptively observed, “[t]he right not to be removed or retained in the
name of more or less arguable rights concerning its person is one of the most
objective examples of what constitutes the interests of the child” (see
_Pérez-Vera_ at para 24). Perhaps more importantly, what it _does_ mean is
that the other interests relating to the welfare of the child are not
adjudicated upon by the court of the country to which the child has been
abducted. Nevertheless, this does not mean that such interests are not
adjudicated upon at all; such interests will, in fact, be adjudicated upon in
the courts of the child’s habitual residence.

36 Looked at in this light, there is no _unfairness_ to the child concerned
inasmuch as the Hague Convention ensures that the issues of custody and/or
care and control are adjudicated upon in the appropriate forum, whilst
simultaneously depriving the abducting parent of any juridical or other
advantage which he or she has unfairly sought to gain through the abduction.
(In this last-mentioned regard, it has been pertinently observed that “[i]t
frequently happens that the person retaining the child tries to obtain a
judicial or administrative decision in the State of refuge, which would
legalize the factual situation which he has just brought about” (see _Pérez-
Vera_ at para 14)). In a similar vein, Prof Leong has observed thus (see
_Leong_ at p 432; reference may also be made to the observations by Dr Vivian
Balakrishnan _Debates_ at cols 1258 and 1271–1272):

That no court other than the child’s habitual residence should decide on the
child’s custody should not be regarded as reneging from pursuing the welfare
of the child. **_It is simply the realisation that the welfare of the child is
best served when the court so desists and leaves the matter in the hands of
the court of proper jurisdiction._** It is irrefutable that, among all the
courts that are interested in the child’s custody, the interest of the child’s
habitual residence is the strongest. [emphasis added in bold italics]

37 We would also note that the country of the child’s habitual residence would
be a signatory to the Hague Convention. Given that that country is a
signatory, there is at least a presumption that the courts of that country
would consider the paramount interests of the child concerned when deciding
upon the substantive merits in the context of issues relating to that child’s
custody. It is of course possible that that might not be the case – although
this is likely (in the nature of things and following from what has just been
said) to be extremely rare. But that is also precisely the type of situation
where one or more of the exceptions embodied in Art 13 can then be invoked to
ensure fairness to the child concerned. For example, as Doogue J observed,
delivering the judgment of the New Zealand Court of Appeal in _A v Central
Authority for New Zealand_ [1996] 2 NZLR 517 (at 523):

In most instances where the best interests of the child are paramount in the
country of habitual residence the Courts of that country will be able to deal
with any possible risk to a child, thus overcoming the possible defence of the
abducting parent. That does not gainsay the fact that _in some instances there
will be situations where the Courts of the country to which the child has been
abducted will not be so satisfied._**_This will not necessarily be limited to
cases where there is_**** _turmoil or unrest in the country of habitual
residence_** _. There may well be cases, for example, where the laws of the
home country may emphasise the best interests of the child are paramount_**
_but there are no mechanisms by which that might be achieved_** _, or it may
be established that_** _the Courts of that country construe such provisions in
a limiting way_** ,_or even that_** _the laws of that country_**** _do not
reflect the principle that the best interests of the child are paramount._**
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

38 It bears reiterating, however, that Art 13 of the Hague Convention will not
be lightly invoked; on the contrary, the parent seeking to invoke one or more
of the exceptions contained in this particular Article bears the onus of proof
(the standard of which, as the Judge correctly pointed out, is a high one (see
the Judgment at [24])). Indeed, as already noted, the _presumption_ is that
the court of the country to which the child is returned will consider the
paramount interests of the child when deciding upon the substantive merits in
the context of issues relating to that child’s custody _._ As Butler-Sloss LJ
pertinently observed in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Re M
(Abduction: Undertakings)_ [1995] 1 FLR 1021 (“ _Re M_ ”), which involved an
application to direct the return of the children concerned from England to
Israel (at 1027):

[T]his court **_must trust_** the Israeli judge, who will soon be dealing with
this case, to do what is right for these children so that they would not be
harmed by the return to Israel. _We have no reason to think other than that_**
_the Israeli judge will deal with these children as we would hope our courts
would deal with similar cases_**. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

39 The following observations by Prof Eekelaar also merit quotation, not only
because they were made at the inception of the Hague Convention itself, but
also because they constitute an excellent summary of aforementioned points
(see _The Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child
Abduction – Explanatory Documentation prepared for Commonwealth Jurisdictions
by Mr J M Eekelaar in association with the Commonwealth Secretariat_
(Commonwealth Secretariat, London, February 1981) at para 1.1 (“ _Explanatory
Documentation_ ”) (reference may also be made to _Eekelaar_ at 305–306)):

The Preamble to the [Hague] Convention makes explicit the twin premises upon
which the [Hague] Convention is based: first, that the interests of children
are of paramount importance in matters relating to their custody and, second,
that, in cases of international abduction, these interests are best served by
the establishment of procedures ensuring their prompt return to the place
where they were habitually resident prior to their removal. _The acceptance of
the second premise entails a willingness on the part of a State to exercise a
degree of self-denial regarding its natural inclination to make its own
assessment about the interests of children who are presently in its
jurisdiction by investigating the facts of each individual case._ To do this
would generally give abductors important advantages over the other parent. It
will usually be difficult for the latter effectively to present his or her
side of the case from what may be a great distance and in foreign courts. By
the time these questions are all investigated the child may have begun to
settle in its new environment and it may be difficult to argue that its return
will be in its best interests. _The longer the abductor can delay the
decision, the stronger the likelihood that his abduction will succeed. Hence
the necessity, in dealing with this problem, for prompt action to return the
child.__This accounts for the distinction, which runs through the
[Hague]__Convention, between a decision on an application for the return of
the child and a decision_ __on the merits__ _of the case. No decision on the
merits can be made until it is decided that a child is_ __not__ _to be
returned under the [Hague]__Convention (or unless there has been an
unreasonable delay in seeking the return) (Article 16) and a decision to
return a child is not to be taken as a decision on the merits (Article
19)._**_This does not mean that the merits of the custody issue- will go
undetermined. It means simply that they will be determined in the place where
it is most appropriate, both for the child and the parties, that they should
be determined, namely, the place where the child normally lives. It is in this
spirit that the [Hague] Convention should be approached and implemented._**
[emphasis in underlined italics in original; emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

40 We note that one of the basic premises of the Hague Convention (to the
effect that it is in the child’s interests generally to be returned to his or
her home jurisdiction) has nevertheless been subject to critique. However, it
has, in our view, been persuasively responded to thus (see N Lowe, M Everall &
M Nicholls, _International Movement of Children – Law, Practice and Procedure_
(Jordan Publishing Limited, 2004) (“ _Lowe, Everall & Nicholls_”) at para
17.140):

[I]t does not necessarily follow that the [Hague] Convention has become
fundamentally flawed. There surely remains an overwhelming argument that it is
basically wrong for children to be uprooted from their home by the unilateral
act of either parent and taken to a foreign jurisdiction and thus to be
separated from the other parent. Admittedly, that argument becomes weaker if
the left-at-home parent has been violent and the abducting parent is escaping
to find sanctuary by returning to her family abroad. But, even then, it surely
remains a strong argument that, provided the child and abducting parent can
properly be protected, the best court to deal with the merits of the dispute
is that of the _child’s_ home jurisdiction. Whether Art 13(b), as it currently
operates, properly draws the balance can and, no doubt, will continue to be
debated. [emphasis in original]

We would only observe that, given the various interests and arguments, there
can – in the nature of things – be no perfect solution as such. However, as we
have sought to explain briefly above, the situation is really one of balance
and complementarity which is intended to lead to a just and fair result based
on the particular facts of each case.

Art 13(b) proper

Introduction

41 This would be an appropriate juncture to turn specifically to Art 13(_b_)
of the Hague Convention (“Art 13(_b_)”), which reads as follows:

Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding Article, the judicial or
administrative authority of the requested State is **_not bound to order_****
_the return of the child_** if the person, institution or other body which
opposes its return establishes that –

…

(_b_) There is **_a grave risk_** that his or her return **_would expose the
child to physical_** _or_** _psychological harm_** _or otherwise place_** _the
child in an intolerable situation_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

42 Prof Eekelaar aptly observes that Art 13(_b_) is an “emergency clause” (see
_Explanatory Documentation_ at para 2.4(iii) and _Eekelaar_ at 313). This is
consistent with the very nature of Art 13 in general and Art 13(_b_) in
particular, _ie_ , that of an exception to the general rule under the Hague
Convention which requires the swift return of the child concerned to his or
her country of habitual residence. That having been said, Art 13(_b_) “is the
most litigated of all the exceptions” (see N V Lowe & G Douglas, _Bromley’s
Family Law_ (10th ed, Oxford University Press, 2007) (“ _Bromley_ ”) at p 654;
reference may also be made to _In re E (Children) (Abduction: Custody Appeal)_
[2012] 1 AC 144 (“ _In re E_ ”) at [9]).

Onus and standard of proof

43 As noted above, the _onus of proof_ is on “the person, institution or other
body which opposes [the child’s] return” (_viz_ , the Appellant in the present
appeal) (see Art 13(_b_) as well as _Pérez-Vera_ at para 114). Moreover, as
has been pertinently observed, “it is _a stringent burden_ to discharge” (see
_Lowe, Everall & Nicholls_ at para 17.87 [emphasis added] (reference may also
be made _ibid_ at paras 17.88–17.94 as well as to _Bromley_ at p 654 and Paul
R Beaumont & Peter E McEleavy, _The Hague Convention on International Child
Abduction_ (Oxford University Press, 1999) (“ _Beaumont & McEleavy_”) at p
140)). This is consistent with the fact that Art 13(_b_) is intended to be an
exception to the general rule just mentioned.

44 As already noted above (at [31]), care must be taken in order to ensure
that the exception does not “swallow up” the general rule. Indeed, the high
standard just mentioned was also acknowledged in the court below (see the
Judgment at [24]). In the circumstances, there appears to be merit in Gaudron,
Gummow and Hayne JJ’s view in _DP_ (at 418) that the courts need not to go out
of their way to give Art 13(_b_) a “narrow” construction but that “[t]he
exception is to be given the meaning its words require” (reference may also be
made to _El Sayed_ at 360). This approach in _DP_ was endorsed more recently
by the UK Supreme Court in _In re E_ (at [31]–[35]) (reference may also be
made to the even more recent (also) UK Supreme Court decision of _In re S (A
Child) (Abduction: Rights of Custody)_ [2012] 2 AC 257 (“ _In re S_ ”) at
[6]).

45 The following observations by La Forest J (with whom Lamer CJC and Sopinka,
Gonthier, Cory, Iacobucci as well as Major JJ concurred) in the Supreme Court
of Canada decision of _Thomson v Thomson_ (1994) 119 DLR (4th) 253 (“
_Thomson_ ”) (at 286) might also be usefully noted:

It has been generally accepted that the [Hague] Convention mandates a more
stringent test than that advanced by the appellant. In brief, although the
word “grave” [in Art 13(_b_)] modifies “risk” and not “harm”, this must be
read in conjunction with the clause “ _or otherwise_ place the child in an
intolerable situation”. The use of the word “otherwise” points inescapably to
the conclusion that the physical or psychological harm contemplated by the
first clause of art. 13(_b_) is harm to a degree that also amounts to an
intolerable situation. [emphasis in original]

Discretion remains in the court of the requested State throughout

46 It is also of no mean significance that (as Art 13(_b_) itself makes
clear), even if one or more of the conditions set out in the Article is
satisfied, “the requested State is _not bound to order_ the return of the
child” [emphasis added]. Put simply, what this means is that the court of the
requested State (here, Singapore) has a _discretion_ in the matter and is not,
_ipso facto_ , duty-bound to refuse the return of the child even if one or
more of the conditions set out in Art 13(_b_) are satisfied (see also, for
example, _Pérez-Vera_ at para 113, the Judgment at [35], as well as the New
Zealand High Court decisions of _Clarke v Carson_ [1996] 1 NZLR 349 at 351 and
_El Sayed_ at [67]). To that extent, the entire process is very much _a fact-
centric one_. We encounter – once again – the important issue of _application_
to which we referred earlier (see above at [33]), albeit in a slightly
different context.

The overriding importance of the relevant facts

47 The issue of _application_ is also significant in relation to its impact on
the utility (or otherwise) of the relevant precedents. In particular, given
the myriad fact situations, it is difficult for the most part to discern clear
strands of legal principle (apart, perhaps, from those which are pitched at a
relatively high level of generality) (see also, for example, _Lowe, Everall &
Nicholls_ at para 17.100). That this is so will also be evident in the context
of the present appeal. Indeed, as we shall see, the overriding theme is that a
_close and granular analysis of the precise facts_ is _imperative._ This is
not, perhaps, surprising in view of the delicate nature of the balancing
process, given the very personal nature of the subject matter. Bearing this in
mind, let us now turn to what we consider to be the specific (albeit non-
determinative as well as non-exhaustive) strands of legal principle.

48 It should also be noted at this juncture that an appellate court will not
overturn the judgment of the court below unless, whether by reference to the
law or to the evidence, it had not been open to the judge in the court below
to make that judgment (see, for example, _In re S_).

The abducting parent cannot take advantage of his or her own wrong

49 This first strand of legal principle is a logical, commonsensical and fair
one inasmuch as the abducting parent cannot seek to rely upon his or her own
conduct in order to create a situation of grave risk of physical and/or
psychological harm to the child concerned in order thereby to rely upon that
alleged risk to argue against the return of that child pursuant to Art 13(_b_)
(see also, for example, _McClean_ at p 11; _Lowe, Everall & Nicholls_ at paras
17.101?17.104; and _Beaumont & McEleavy_ at p 146). This is based on the
broader rationale to the effect that _a person cannot take advantage of his or
her own wrong_. As Butler-Sloss LJ aptly expressed it in _C v C_ (at 661)
(reference may also be made to the (also) English Court of Appeal decision of
_Re C (Abduction: Grave Risk of Physical or Psychological Harm)_ [1999] 2 FLR
478 (“ _Re C_ ”) at 486 and the Scottish Outer House decision of _McCarthy v
McCarthy_ [1994] SLT 743 at 745):

**_Is a parent to create a psychological situation, and then rely upon it?_**
_If the grave risk of psychological harm to a child is to be inflicted by the
conduct of the parent who abducted him, then it would be relied upon by every
mother of a young child who removed him out of the jurisdiction and refused to
return. It would drive a coach and four horses through the [Hague] Convention,
at least in respect of applications relating to young children._ I, for my
part, cannot believe that this is in the interests of international relations.
**_Nor should the mother, by her own actions, succeed in preventing the return
of a child who should be living in his own country and deny him contact with
his other parent._** [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

50 The broad principle just mentioned underpins legal principles across
diverse areas of the law. Take, for example, the principle that _self-induced_
frustration does not constitute operative frustration under the common law of
contract (see generally _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Academy
Publishing, 2012) (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) ch 19 at paras
19.143–19.188). Another example is the principle that criminals cannot profit
from their crimes (see, for example, the oft-cited English High Court decision
of _In the Estate of Crippen_ [1911] P 108).

51 Not surprisingly, however, the situation will not always be clear-cut. In
the English Court of Appeal decision of _D v D (Child Abduction: Non-
Convention Country)_ [1994] 1 FLR 137, the mother (the abducting parent) had
initially indicated that if the children were sent back to their home country,
Greece, she would not go with them. The trial judge had nevertheless ordered
the children’s return to Greece. However, at the hearing of the appeal, it was
discovered that the mother had become pregnant by an Englishman living in
England (with the baby being due in a few months) and that, in those
circumstances, she was no longer prepared to go back to Greece. The English
Court of Appeal allowed the mother’s appeal. We note however that there was no
evidence as to the circumstances in which the mother became pregnant. More
importantly, this was a _non-Convention case_ and the _specific welfare of the
children_ was therefore the overriding factor. However, what is clear is that
(as emphasised in the preceding section) the _precise facts_ of the case
concerned are of the first importance.

The role of undertakings

52 The practice of requiring undertakings was pioneered by the English courts
(see _Lowe, Everall & Nicholls_ at para 17.123). As Butler-Sloss LJ
articulated it in the oft-cited English Court of Appeal decision of _C v C_
(at 659?660):

Those [undertakings], as far as they go, are **_very valuable_** – and, if I
may say so, for my part, _show the good intent_ that [the father] has for the
welfare of his child and to return him to the jurisdiction of the Australian
court. In my view, those undertakings _should go somewhat further_ , and the
undertakings that I for my part think should be required of this father, **_as
a_**** __prerequisite__**** _of the return of the child, and without which I
consider the child should not be expected to return_** _, are as follows_.
[emphasis added in italics, bold italics, and underlined bold italics]

Indeed, L’Heureux-Dubé J (with whom McLachlin J concurred) in _Thomson_
(citing the passage just quoted) also observed thus (at 307):

Undertakings such as those of the respondent in this case are to be commended.
They are often made in cases where an applicant seeks the return of a child
under the [Hague] Convention.

53 Returning to the observations by Butler-Sloss LJ in _C v C_ (as quoted in
the preceding paragraph), we agree that not only are undertakings by the
parent seeking the return of the child a sign of good faith on his or her
part, they are also important in ensuring that the return of the child will
not (as far as possible) adversely impact the child and/or the abducting
parent. They are in fact often spoken of with regard to _the protective
measures_ which exist to ensure the justice and fairness just mentioned (see
also generally _In re E_). That is why Butler-Sloss LJ spoke of _undertakings_
being even “a _prerequisite_ ” to the return of the child. As we shall see,
this is also the approach we adopted with regard to the present proceedings.

54 However, whilst it has been observed that such undertakings “can alleviate
what might otherwise be regarded as an intolerable situation”, “[t]hey are
intended … to have a short life, ie until the court of the child’s habitual
residence becomes seized of the proceedings” and that “[a]ccordingly, the
court should be careful not in any way to usurp or be thought to usurp the
functions of the court of habitual residence” (see _Bromley_ at p 659); the
learned authors of _Bromley_ further state that “undertakings must not be so
elaborate that their implementation might become bogged down in protracted
hearings and investigations” (see _ibid_ ; reference might also be made, in a
similar vein, to _Lowe, Everall & Nicholls_ at para 17.124 as well as to
_McClean_ at p 12). Indeed, this was also the very point which was made – in a
judicial context – in _Re M_ , where Butler-Sloss LJ observed thus (at 1025):

This court must be careful not in any way to usurp or to be thought to usurp
the functions of the court of habitual residence. Equally, the requirements
made in this country must not be so elaborate that their implementation might
become bogged down in protracted hearings and investigations, as was suggested
by Sir Thomas Bingham MR in _Re M (A Minor) (Child Abduction)_ (above) at p
397. Undertakings have their place in the arrangements designed to smooth the
return of and to protect the child for the limited period before the foreign
court takes over, but they must not be used by the parties to try to clog or
fetter, or, in particular, to delay the enforcement of a paramount decision to
return the child.

55 However, one difficulty with respect to undertakings is the need to ensure
that they are complied with as well as enforceable in the State seeking the
return of the child (“the requesting State”). This might be why Kay J did not
appear very enthusiastic about undertakings in the Family Court of Australia
decision of _In the Marriage of McOwan_ (1993) 17 Fam LR 377 (“ _In_ _the
Marriage of McOwan_ ”); as the learned judge observed (at 383) (see also, in a
similar vein, _per_ Gaudron, Gummow and Hayne JJ in _DP_ at 425):

If undertakings are to be given it is important to make sure they can be
enforced. There does not appear to be any existing mechanism by which the
court that extracts the undertaking can ensure that it is complied with. There
does not appear to be any legal basis upon which the court of the State in
which the child has been returned, can require compliance with an undertaking
given to another court.

56 This is a fair point and one that we had to consider in the context of the
present appeal. However, as the proceedings in this appeal demonstrate, this
potential difficulty is not, with respect, an insuperable one. For example,
this court required the Respondent to undertake that he would, prior to the
Appellant returning to Germany with the children, apply to the German court
seized of the matter to incorporate all the relevant undertakings given by the
parties as an order of that court. Indeed, on a more general level, practical
solutions in this particular regard are imperative. As Kay J aptly observed in
_In the Marriage of McOwan_ (at 385):

_Unless contracting States can feel reasonably assured that when children are
returned under the Hague Convention, their welfare will be protected_
,**_there is a serious risk that contracting States and courts will become
reluctant to order the return of children._**

In _Foxman_ (Case Number: MA 2898/92 Nov 1992 available through the reporting
service of William Hilton, California) Justice Hayim Porat of the Tel Aviv
District Court said:

“Responsibility for the child’s welfare in the usual meaning of the word is
mainly the responsibility of the legal court cases in the country to which the
child will be returned, and we must assume that there, the court will do its
utmost to minimize harm to the child.”

A more liberal view of the exceptions to mandatory return as set out in
Article 13 may become common. This outcome would seem unfortunate given the
successful operation of the Convention to date.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

57 The following observations (at 447) by Kirby J in _DP_ are apposite, whilst
we emphasise that the court should nevertheless (as just indicated) always
strive for a practical, balanced solution in the case at hand:

_Too much should not, in my view, be made of the difficulty of enforcing such
undertakings. Such problems are_ **_inherent_** _in cases involving foreign
jurisdictions_ **_but they cannot be allowed to undo the strong initiatives of
the international community reflected in the achievement of the [Hague]
Convention_** _._ **_Undertakings are now a common feature of such cases_**
_._ There is no mention in the casebooks that I could find of practical
difficulties that have arisen in conforming to such undertakings. This Court
need not be concerned about such problems where they are not shown to exist.
At least we should not pass upon them in the absence of a clear challenge on
the record either to the power to exact undertakings generally or to obtain
them in the form required. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Where the abducting parent has medical (especially psychological) problems
which are alleged to prevent him or her from returning to the requesting State
with the child concerned

58 A preliminary note of sorts is apposite. Looked at from a more general
perspective, it might be cogently argued that this is not a separate category
of legal principle in and of itself, but an aspect or sub-set of a more
general principle, _viz_ , the overriding importance of the relevant facts
(see above at [47]; reference may also be made to _Lowe, Everall & Nicholls_
at paras 17.117?17.119 (which, whilst commencing with the proposition (at para
17.117) that “[i]t would appear … that mental illness suffered by the wronged
parent is unlikely to constitute sufficient reason to find the requisite grave
risk of harm”, in our view focuses more on the _facts_ of relevant decisions
which (not surprisingly) did not always give rise to the same result)). This
is because each individual and each medical (in particular, psychological)
problem is invariably different. Most importantly, however, it must always be
borne in mind that the present category is relevant only in so far as it
impacts _the child concerned_.

59 That having been said, given the close biological and emotional bonds
between mother and child, especially in the situation where the abducting
parent is the mother and the child is very young (which is precisely the
situation faced by this court in the present appeal), the situation of the
mother is often critical. Put simply, the relationship between mother and
child is not only fluid but also organic and symbiotic in nature (reference
may also be made to _El Sayed_ at 361; _C v C_ (where the child concerned was
also very young); as well as _In re E_). In this regard, an essential point
ought to be emphasised right at the outset. It is often the case that the
abducting parent’s (usually, the mother’s) medical situation is – in the
nature of things – _involuntary_ in nature and _beyond her control._ For
example, in _DP_ , Gaudron, Gummow and Hayne J observed (at 427 with regard to
the mother’s illness) that:

To say that she is the originator of the source of the risk of harm appears to
take no account of the fact that the mother is _not_ in command of her
situation and it betrays a complete lack of any understanding of the major
depressive illness from which she suffers. [emphasis in original]

60 However, if the abducting parent can in fact be _treated_ for his or her
medical condition _but refuses_ to be so treated, then (particularly if the
prognosis is that treatment might lead to a cure or an improvement such that
the parent is no longer a danger or threat to the child concerned) it could be
persuasively argued that the abducting parent is _attempting to take advantage
of his or her own wrong_. As noted above, this is of course impermissible as a
matter of general logic, commonsense and fairness (see above at [49] and
[50]).

61 Nevertheless, we note that the issue of _treatment_ , whilst of potential
importance (as the facts of this very appeal demonstrate), appears to be a
factor that has seldom been considered in detail in the relevant case law.

62 In the English High Court decision of _Re G (Abduction: Psychological
Harm)_ [1995] 1 FLR 64 (“ _Re G_ ”), for example, the father’s application for
the return of the children concerned (from England back to Texas) was
dismissed as it was held that the relevant medical evidence demonstrated that
the children would be exposed to a risk of physical or psychological harm or
otherwise be placed in an intolerable situation owing to the mother’s
depression, which would become exacerbated if she were to return with the
children to Texas (and there was also a considerable danger that she might
become psychotic). It should be noted, in this regard, that the mother was in
fact _willing_ to return with the children to Texas. It should also be noted
that the relevant point was the effect which the mother’s mental condition
would have _on the children._ However, what was not explored by the court in
_Re G_ was whether or not the mother’s mental condition was _treatable_ ;
indeed, there was no suggestion that she should undergo treatment. It might
well have been the case that the medical prognosis might have shown that
treatment would be futile. However, what remains clear is that the possibility
of treatment does not appear to have been explored in _Re G_. We also note
that _Re G_ was described in a leading treatise as “an extreme case [which]
represents very much the exception to the rule” (see _Beaumont & McEleavy_ at
p 147); it was also described (in a similar vein) in yet another textbook as
“[a] rather controversial case” (see Jonathan Herring, _Family Law_ (5th ed,
Pearson Education Limited, 2011) at p 569).

63 In the New Zealand District Court decision of _Armstrong v Evans_ [2000]
NZFLR 984 (“ _Armstrong_ ”), the court did consider the fact that the
abducting mother had received treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder
relating to her history of post-natal depression as well as her relationship
with the husband, by whom she had been violently abused. Her mental condition
had apparently stabilised but the court was of the view that, if she were to
return from New Zealand to Australia, she was likely to suffer a rapid and
severe deterioration in her mental well-being and that there was also a
prospect of suicide. In the circumstances, the court declined to allow the
husband’s application for the return of the child as such deterioration in the
wife’s mental well-being posed a grave risk in so far as the child was
concerned. Indeed, the court emphasised (at [38(1)]) that:

The focus is on the child’s situation not that of the [mother]. The issue is
not whether the mother would be exposed to physical or psychological harm but
whether the child would be exposed to physical or psychological harm or
otherwise be placed in an intolerable situation.

64 However, as alluded to above (at [59]), the situation is often an organic
and symbiotic one in so far as mother and child are concerned. Returning to
the facts of _Armstrong_ , it is significant in our view that Doogue J
observed (at [57]):

It cannot be said that the [mother] has created a situation of potential
psychological harm and now seeks to rely on it to prevent the return of the
child. The evidence of [the registered psychologist] is unequivocal that the
impairment to the psychological wellbeing of the mother was occasioned by the
experience of being in an abusive relationship. The risk of psychological harm
is beyond the control of the [mother]. She is not the architect – she is the
victim – by that I am referring to the potential of suicidality.

The learned judge also observed at the end of his judgment (at [72]) that
“[t]he prospect of one parent suiciding and being thereby permanently out of
the child’s life weighs far more heavily with me” (reference may also be made
to the Full Court of the Family Court of Australia decision of _Director-
General, Department of Families v RSP_ [2003] FamCA 623 (“ _RSP_ ”)).

65 _Armstrong_ is therefore an illustration of a situation (referred to above
at [59]) where the mother’s condition was _involuntary_ in nature and _beyond
her control_. However, we also note that there is nothing in the judgment in
that particular decision which indicates what the options for _treatment_ of
the mother were and, in particular, what the prognosis for recovery was with
treatment (including _continued_ _treatment_ if she and the child were
returned from New Zealand to Australia) (and _cf_ the Family Court of
Australia decision of _Director-General, Department of Families, Youth and
Community Care v Bennett_ [2000] FamCA 253).

66 As always, however (and bearing in mind the need for a nuanced
consideration of the relevant fact situation), a _balanced_ approach is
required. For example, as Kirby J observed in _DP_ (at 449):

Obviously, as Rose J recognised, courts of law must be particularly cautious
before permitting parents, in the highly charged circumstances of
international child removal or retention, to attempt to dictate the outcome of
proceedings by threatening that if a court decision goes against them, they
will commit suicide to the great risk of harm to the child concerned. In many
cases of this type, the very circumstances that have driven a party, typically
a parent, to cross, or refuse to cross, the world with a child will be such as
to engender the deepest of feelings. If such threats were easily upheld as
attracting the exception [in Art 13(_b_)] in a particular case, it might be
expected that like claims would multiply enormously. These are the
practicalities of cases of this kind which the Full Court can be taken to know
only too well. Such threats would themselves add to the disruption occasioned
to children by such international abduction or retention. I do not say that
the threat of suicide by an abducting or retaining parent could never be
established to occasion the type of “grave risk” of which para (b) speaks. But
it would be a case different from the present where a number of events had to
occur and then coincide and where the assertions of the necessary
circumstances of suicide did not bear out the reasoning of the primary judge.

Our decision

67 As already noted above (at [21]–[23]), we confirmed the order for the
return of [B] to Germany, albeit together with a different set of undertakings
to take into account the Appellant’s psychological condition as well as to
ensure that the substantive proceedings in the German court with regard to the
custody and/or care and control of [B] proceeded on a level playing field in
all (including legal) respects (as noted above at [23], these undertakings are
to be found in the Annex). We will now elaborate on our reasons for arriving
at our decision, applying the legal principles just enumerated.

68 It is, in our view, imperative to commence this section with the reminder
(already flagged above at [47]) that _the precise facts_ are not only the
first port of call but are also of the first importance. Indeed, as we have
seen, the relevant principles are but guidelines at best. This is especially
so because of the very nature of this particular sphere of the law.

Our decision in the light of the Appellant’s psychological condition

69 Bearing in mind the stringent burden which lay on the Appellant (see above
at [43]), we noted, first, the fact that she had significant psychological
problems. Indeed, that was the crux of her argument in the appeals before us
and the Judge. In particular, counsel for the Appellant, Ms Poonam
Mirchandani, relied heavily upon the psychiatric evidence by Dr Lim, in
particular Dr Lim’s Further Report (summarised above at [15]), which stated
that the Appellant could not, owing to her psychological condition (in
particular, her fragile state of mind), return to Germany. Dr Lim further
opined that it was undesirable, in the circumstances, to separate [B] from his
mother who was his primary caregiver. It should be noted, however, that Dr
Lim’s Further Report came into being only _after_ the Appellant had been
unsuccessful in the proceedings in the District Court, a point also noted by
the Judge (see the Judgment at [105] and above at [16(c)]).

70 As the Judge observed, the DJ was of the view that Dr Lim’s First Report
should be accorded little weight as it was based solely on information
provided by the Appellant and three sessions of observation of interaction
between only the Appellant and [B] (see the Judgment at [48]) and [96]).
Before the Judge, the Appellant had submitted that “she [could not] return to
Germany due to her fragile state of mind and the real risk that [existed] that
she might either end her life or become psychologically impaired or further
depressed” (see the Judgment at [52]). After considering the Appellant’s first
affidavit as well as Dr Lim’s Further Report (together with the Respondent’s
version of events) in some detail, the Judge decided in favour of the
Respondent. In particular, the Judge agreed with the DJ that the Appellant’s
allegations of violence having been inflicted on her by the Respondent had
_not_ been made out (see the Judgment at [93]–[95] as well as above at
[16(a)]).

71 In so far as the alleged risk of harm to [B] was concerned (see also
generally above at [16(b)] and [16(c)]), the Judge noted, _inter alia_ , that
it appeared that the risk of separation of [B] from his mother arose mainly
from the possibility that the Appellant would not return to Germany with him
(see the Judgment at [97] and above at [16(b)]). Indeed, despite noting that
the Appellant had maintained that she _could not_ (as opposed to _would not_)
return to Germany, the Judge was of the further view that the Appellant
“[seemed] adamant in her refusal to return” (see the Judgment at [97] and
[104]). Distinguishing the cases cited by the Appellant, the Judge was
primarily of the view that she could not overturn the findings of the DJ
unless they were against the weight of evidence (see the Judgment at [100] and
[103]). This is, of course, entirely consistent with the general principle set
out above (at [48]). Indeed, it is apposite to note, in this regard, that the
present court is now faced with _two concurrent sets of findings_ (by both the
DJ _and_ the Judge).

72 One other point noted by the Judge is also of relevance to the present
appeal; as she observed (see the Judgment at [106]):

**_It remains a concern that the mother has expressed suicidal thoughts._** Dr
Lim noted that at first she had not done so but that as she observed and tried
to understand the proceedings of the court over the preceding two months, her
depressive symptoms had been accentuated. It is not surprising that the mother
would have had an adverse reaction to the outcome of the proceedings below.
The notion of wanting to end it all became, apparently, more entrenched in her
psyche. **_However, Dr Lim did opine that the mother’s mental state could be
improved if she went on a course of antidepressant medication._** So far the
mother has refused this treatment because she is breastfeeding. The younger
child was about six months old at the time of Dr Lim’s second report and
whilst the mother might have wanted to continue to breastfeed him, other
suitable methods of feeding him would have been available had she gone on
medication. **_The mother has not helped herself very much._** [emphasis added
in bold italics]

73 In fact, the Appellant’s psychological state was a factor that weighed
heavily in our decision. This was due – in the main – to the precise facts
before us. In particular, we noted the very young age of [B] and the fact that
the Appellant was his primary caregiver. Looked at in this light, any physical
separation of [B] from his mother at this particular stage of his life would
not have been in the best interests of [B].

74 It will be noted, at this juncture, that, whilst we were dealing with the
Appellant’s psychological state, the focus must be (as noted above at [58]) on
its effect or impact on _the child_ , _viz_ , [B]_._ That having been said, a
closely related issue also required us to focus on _the_ _Appellant_. In
particular, as alluded to above (at [72]), there appeared to be more than a
hint by the Judge that this psychological state might possibly have been self-
induced. Given the importance of this particular factor, we ordered an
independent assessment by a court-appointed psychiatrist, Dr Mahendran.
Indeed, given the almost inevitable leaning of a particular expert towards his
or her client, it might be preferable in cases such as the present appeal to
request an _independent_ assessment.

75 We found Dr Mahendran’s Report (summarised above at [20]) to be extremely
helpful in the resolution of this appeal. Whilst it was similar to Dr Lim’s
evidence (especially Dr Lim’s Further Report) in so far as it indicated that
the Appellant was indeed suffering from psychological problems, it _differed_
in its _diagnosis_. In particular, Dr Mahendran did not find that the
Appellant’s psychological difficulties were as severe as Dr Lim had thought,
finding that the Appellant was suffering from “ _Delusion Disorder_ ”.
Crucially, Dr Mahendran demonstrated, in our view, great professional and
practical insight by not only proposing an appropriate course of treatment but
also (recognising the precise factual context) recommending continued
treatment in Germany _._

76 Indeed, as we alluded to above (at [60]), an abducting parent’s reluctance
or refusal to undergo a course of recommended (and appropriate) treatment
would be tantamount to that parent taking advantage of his or her own wrong,
which would have been wholly unacceptable from the perspectives of logic and
fairness. Given the close dependence by [B] on the Appellant in the context of
the precise facts, an extremely difficult situation would have been posed to
this court had the Appellant refused to undergo the appropriate treatment.
However, if that had been the case, we would have been prepared to assume that
(unlike many of the other seemingly relevant precedents) [B] would
nevertheless have received adequate care by the Respondent and his parents
were he to return to Germany. Such care would, of course, not have been ideal
without the presence of the Appellant. However, we reiterate that it would
have been wholly unacceptable to have permitted the Appellant to take
advantage of her own wrong by refusing the appropriate treatment and then
relying upon such wrong to create the very separation used to challenge the
return order in respect of [B].

77 Fortunately, the Appellant adopted a sensible and appropriate approach in
undertaking to undergo the appropriate treatment not only in Singapore but
also in Germany. The latter point is, in our view, very significant simply
because it would have been self-defeating for the Appellant to have begun her
treatment in Singapore only to discontinue it when she returned to Germany –
which discontinuation would inexorably have led to a deterioration in her
psychological condition which could (in turn) lead to a grave risk of the very
harm contemplated in Art 13(_b_).

Our decision on the relevant undertakings to be provided by the parties

78 In our view, the issue of undertakings was a very important one in the
context of the present case. On the facts of this case at least, it seemed to
us that, whilst the issue of _treatment_ of the Appellant’s psychological
condition (elaborated upon in the previous section) represented the
Appellant’s perspective and responsibility, the issue of _undertakings_ by the
Respondent represented the Respondent’s perspective and corresponding
responsibility. Both these perspectives are complementary in nature. That is
why we were very concerned about the precise content of the undertakings. That
having been said, although the issue of undertakings was primarily the
Respondent’s responsibility, we could not ignore the necessity of ensuring
that the Appellant also entered into some undertakings in order to ensure that
the performance of the Respondent’s undertakings were not undermined.

79 Before we turn specifically to the very important role which the various
undertakings played in the resolution of the present appeal, we refer to the
UK Supreme Court decision of _In re E_ , which involved rather similar
circumstances. There, the abducting mother was suffering from an adjustment
disorder and the undertakings furnished by the father played a very important
role. In this regard, Baroness Hale of Richmond and Lord Wilson JJSC, who
delivered the judgment of the court, observed thus (at [49]):

We have no reason to doubt that the risk to the mother’s mental health,
whether it be the result of objective reality or of the mother’s subjective
perception of reality, or a combination of the two, is very real. **_We have
also no reason to doubt that if the mother’s mental health did deteriorate_**
_in the way described by Dr Kolkiewicz_ ,**_there would be a grave risk_** _of
psychological harm to the children. But the judge considered very carefully
how these risks might be avoided._ The highest the case can be put is that
part of her conclusion relies upon undertakings given to the English High
Court, which could not be enforced in Norway, rather than upon any orders yet
made in the Norwegian courts. But the judge was reassured by the answers given
by Judge Selvaag as to the remedies which would be available if need be. _Nor
is there anything in the history to suggest that the father is not a man of
his word._ The judge trusted him to abide by the solemn promises which he was
asked to make to her; he was asked to make them because the judge thought it
in the best interests of the children he loves so much for him to do so;
however little he understands or accepts the mother’s feelings, he must accept
what the judge thought best for his children. It is certainly not the task of
an appellate court to disagree with the judge’s assessment. [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

It would appear that the court in that case did not think that there would _in
fact_ be a deterioration in the mother’s mental health – which was somewhat
different from the prognosis by Dr Mahendran in the present appeal. It should,
however, be noted that, like the present appeal, a set of detailed
undertakings was put in place. It should also be noted that one of the
undertakings _did_ , in fact, involve “on-going psychological interventions,
such as counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy” (see _In re E_ at [44]).
Finally, we note that the court was satisfied with the father’s good faith in
that particular case.

80 Although the undertakings entered into by the parties in the present case
appear fairly substantive, they were, in our view, wholly _necessary_. It
seems to us that, in the oft emotionally charged atmosphere in cases of this
kind, something akin to what this court ordered might (without casting any
aspersions on the parent entering into the undertakings concerned) be
advisable, even if they might appear to be effected _ex abudanti cautela_.
More importantly, we were mindful of the need not to usurp (and, indeed, not
even hint at usurping) the functions of the German court.

81 That is why we were glad that the Respondent undertook that, prior to the
Appellant returning to Germany with the children, he would apply to the German
court seized of the matter to incorporate all his undertakings as an order of
that court. Indeed, unless this particular undertaking was fulfilled, the
Appellant and [B] were not obliged to embark on the journey back to Germany.
For good order, his undertakings were to subsist until the final disposal of
the proceedings before the German court seized of the matter with regard to
the custody and/or care and control of [B]. Likewise (and in fairness to the
Respondent), the Appellant agreed that she would consent to the Respondent
applying (on her behalf) to the German court seized of the matter to
incorporate all _her_ undertakings as an order of that court.

82 Indeed, we would also note that, in addition to ensuring that we did not
usurp (or be perceived to be usurping) the function of the German court, the
undertakings referred to in the preceding two paragraphs also ensured that any
potential problems of _enforcement_ (see above at [55]?[57]) would in all
likelihood be taken care of. What this further provides by way of normative
guidance in future cases is this: undertakings are not only important; it is
also imperative that they be carefully tailored in order to ensure that the
appropriate safeguards are in place so that they are not only enforceable by
the court of habitual residence but also that they furnish the abducting
parent and child with adequate protection so that the intent and spirit of the
Hague Convention are achieved in their fullest measure.

83 All this must also be viewed in light of this court ensuring (by way of the
relevant undertakings by the Respondent) that the Appellant would be provided
the appropriate legal representation in Germany before the German court. Put
simply, it is imperative that the abducting parent have his or her day in the
court of habitual residence, consistently with all the requirements of due
process as well as justice and fairness (which are foundational and common to
all jurisdictions). Looked at in this light, undertakings are (in most, if not
virtually all, cases) of the first importance. However, we reiterate that it
is vital that the court overseeing the formulation of the relevant
undertakings is constantly alert to the precise facts so that the undertakings
complement the Hague Convention (as well as its underlying purpose and spirit)
to the fullest extent possible. Indeed, this is a paradigm instance of how the
universal and the particular can be integrated holistically to ensure justice
and fairness to both parties.

84 Returning to the precise facts and context of the present case, we were
conscious of the need to ensure that, whilst a sufficient period of time would
be furnished to the Appellant to embark upon treatment and hopefully
experience a reasonable amount of recovery, there would nevertheless be a
timely return of [B] to Germany together with the Appellant (who would
thereafter _continue_ with her treatment in Germany). To this end, the
Appellant had to enter into the necessary undertakings to, _inter alia_ ,
undergo such treatment.

85 It seemed to us that, on the Respondent’s part, he had to undertake to
ensure that the Appellant’s return to Germany with [B] was one that – in all
justice and fairness – would see her being placed on a level playing field
with him, especially with respect to access to legal advice and
representation. In order to ensure that this was the case, we required that he
give the necessary undertakings with regard to, _inter alia_ , the Appellant
and the children’s travel to Germany, reasonable accommodation, maintenance
and health care, as well as the Appellant’s legal representation in Germany.
In our view, far from usurping the function of the German court, these
undertakings would clear away unnecessary logistical and other obstacles and
set the legal stage for the more efficient resolution by the German court of
the substantive issues of custody and/or care and control of [B].

Conclusion

86 For the reasons set out above, we arrived at the decision to confirm the
order to return [B] to Germany, albeit together with the undertakings annexed
to this judgment. We should add – for the avoidance of doubt – that there will
be no order as to the costs of the present appeal, whilst the costs orders in
the courts below are to stand. The usual consequential orders will apply.

87 Before concluding the present judgment, a few seemingly disparate but
nevertheless crucial observations are in order.

88 The first is that proceedings under the Hague Convention have always been
intended to be dealt with as expeditiously as possible. That having been said,
we note that there has been a rather lengthy period of delay in the context of
the present proceedings. Indeed, the Judge herself recognised this, observing
that “[u]nfortunately … the appeal [before her] took a rather long time to
come on for hearing” (see the Judgment at [49]). However, there was a reason
for such delay. As the Judge further elaborated (see _ibid_):

This was partly because the mother’s lawyers discharged themselves as the
mother was unable to afford private representation and the mother then had to
apply to the Legal Aid Bureau for legal assistance. An emergency legal aid
certificate was issued to the mother on 2 November 2012 but then some further
time was taken to obtain an opinion from the solicitors on the legal position
of the mother in relation to the appeal.

Notwithstanding these reasons for the relatively lengthy period of delay, it
is hoped that all future proceedings involving the Hague Convention will be
dealt with expeditiously. In this regard, a system of monitoring the progress
of such proceedings by way of tracking and co-ordination ought to be
implemented by the Subordinate Courts and the Supreme Court.

89 On this point, the following observations by Lord Hope of Craighead in the
House of Lords decision of _In re D (A Child) (Abduction: Rights of Custody)_
[2007] 1 AC 619 (at [5]) might also be usefully noted:

Delay does not, in itself, excuse compliance with the [Hague] Convention.
Courts must do the best they can to give effect to it, so long as its
provisions have not become completely unworkable. _The lesson of this case is
that every effort must be made to avoid such delays. If there is a dispute as
to whether the removal was wrongful it should be dealt with summarily. A
balance must, of course, be struck between acting on too little information
and the search for too much. A court cannot make a finding that the child’s
removal was wrongful unless it is provided with a basis for doing so. But if
it is to deal with the case summarily the court must not seek perfection. It
has to do the best it can on the information that has been made available_ …
[emphasis added]

90 Secondly, we are of the view that the present proceedings highlight the
need to further develop and refine collaboration with respect to, _inter alia_
, the smooth and effective implementation of the Hague Convention across
jurisdictions – particularly pursuant to _Art 7_ of the Hague Convention (see
also _McClean_ at p 12). Indeed, the following observations by Singer J in the
English High Court decision of _Re O (Child Abduction: Undertakings)_ [1994] 2
FLR 349 (at 372–373) are worth noting (reference may also be made to the
English High Court decision of _Re M and J (Abduction: International Judicial
Collaboration)_ [2000] 1 FLR 803, where several instructive observations with
respect to _judicial_ collaboration were made (_cf_ also the English Court of
Appeal decision of _S v C_ [2011] EWCA Civ 1385 at [42] and the UK Supreme
Court decision of _In re E_ at [45])):

Article 7 [of the Hague Convention] requires Central Authorities to co-operate
with each other and to promote co-operation amongst the competent authorities
in the Contracting States. … _These provisions prompt me to volunteer_** _the
suggestion that there may be some scope for developing, probably on a
bilateral basis at least to start with, communication and discussion between
Central Authorities so that each may have the opportunity of explaining and,
it may be, justifying the approach their domestic courts take to issues which
commonly arise in Convention cases_** _.__Such an issue may well be_** _these
courts’ use of undertakings_** _designed to smooth the speedy passage home and
to the door of the proper court of children who should never have been taken
from its jurisdiction._**_By such discussions and the exchange of views and
information it may be that comity would be strengthened, and an understanding
achieved that neither country wishes to cause any offence to the courts of the
other, nor to seek to interfere with or to influence what that court then
does._**

Moreover, it may well be that if such opportunity for the exchange of views
does assist to promote co-operation, it should be possible in an appropriate
case for the Central Authority of the requested State to liaise with its
counterpart in the requesting State to put in place measures agreed by the
parties or reasonably required as a proper precondition of return.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

91 Thirdly, as noted in the UK Supreme Court decision of _In re E_ (at [53]),
the potential reference to _mediation_ ought always be borne in mind, although
that same court quite correctly observed (_ibid_) that “[m]ediation will not
work if one party is allowed to dominate or bully the other” and “[t]hat is
why it is usually thought unsuitable in cases of alleged domestic violence or
abuse”.

92 Finally, it is of the first importance to emphasise once again the vital
role that the precise facts play in the ultimate decision by the court
concerned (see above at [47]). We hope that these proceedings, including the
decision of this court in this very appeal, illustrate this in no uncertain
fashion.

ANNEX

_ORDER OF COURT_

Before: |  The Honourable Chief Justice Sundaresh Menon, the Honourable Judge of Appeal Chao Hick Tin and the Honourable Judge of Appeal Andrew Phang Boon Leong in Open Court  
---|---  
Date of Order: |  3 December 2013  
Hearing Dates: |  22 July 2013, 18 October 2013, 28 November 2013, 29 November 2013 and 3 December 2013  
  
  

Upon the application of [the Appellant] in this action coming on for hearing
this day and upon hearing counsel for the Appellant and counsel for the
Respondent.

It is ordered that:

Upon the undertakings given by the Respondent (“the Husband”) in Part I below
and the undertakings given by the Appellant (“the Wife”) in Part II below, and
subject to the aforementioned undertakings being carried out by both parties
according to their terms, and upon hearing Counsel for the parties, the Court
orders the return of the child, [B], to Germany pursuant to s 8 of the
International Child Abduction Act (Cap 143C, 2011 Rev Ed) before the expiry of
two and a half (2.5) months from 1 December 2013 (_ie_ , 15 February 2014).

PART I: UNDERTAKINGS AND CONSEQUENTIAL ORDERS WITH REGARD TO THE HUSBAND

(1) The family’s travel to Germany

1 The Wife shall travel to [M], Germany with [B] and [J] before the expiry of
two and a half (2.5) months from 1 December 2013 (_ie_ , 15 February 2014).

2 The Husband undertakes to source for reasonable airfares for the Wife, [B]
and [J]’s return journey to Germany and will purchase air tickets for the
Wife, [B] and [J]’s direct flights from Singapore to Frankfurt, Germany in the
week immediately after the expiry of one (1) month from 1 December 2013.

3 The Husband shall arrange and pay for inter-city flights from Frankfurt
Airport, Germany to [M], Germany for the Wife, [J] and [B] upon their arrival
in Germany. However, the Wife will bear the cost of transport from [M] Airport
to [M].

4 If the Wife and [J] do not wish to return to Germany with [B], she shall
notify the Husband of the same at any time before the expiry of one (1) month
from 1 December 2013.

5 If the Wife notifies the Husband of her intention not to return to Germany
with [J] after the expiry of one (1) month after the date of 1 December 2013
and if the Husband has already purchased air tickets for the Wife, [B] and/or
[J] as provided in paragraph 2 above, the Wife shall bear the costs of the
cancellation of [J] and her air tickets and any costs related to any changes
that may need to be made to [B]’s air ticket solely.

6 If the Wife notifies the Husband of her intention not to return to Germany
with [J], the Husband shall give the Wife at least seven (7) days’ advance
notice of his arrival in Singapore and the appointed day and time of [B]’s
return journey to Germany with the Husband.

7 Upon the Husband’s arrival in Singapore, parties shall mutually agree on the
appointed day and time for [B] to be handed over to the Husband at the
Husband’s solicitors’ office with [B]’s passport and other relevant travel
documents. For the avoidance of doubt this shall not amount to a surrender of
the Wife’s rights of custody, care and control over [B], which rights shall
then be a matter for the German court seized of the issue.

(2) The Husband’s access to [B]

8 If the Wife agrees to accompany [B] back to Germany with [J], [B] shall
reside with the Wife and [J] at her rented accommodation in [M], Germany.

(a) For the first two months following the arrival of the Wife, [J] and [B] in
Germany, the Husband shall have access to [B] twice a week for four (4) hours
per access session.

(b) Thereafter, the Husband shall have access to [B] three (3) times a week
for four (4) hours per access session.

(c) The Wife accepts that the Husband should be entitled to access [J] at the
same times and durations as he accesses [B]. However, both parties recognise
and accept that this may not be achievable initially because of the lack of
contact hitherto between the Husband and [J]. The parties therefore agree to
step up the Husband’s access to [J] over time in a manner that is conducive to
[J]’s well-being and the desirability of his achieving a healthy relationship
with his father.

9 The Husband and no other person shall pick [B] up from the Wife’s rented
accommodation and shall return [B] to the Wife’s rented accommodation at the
end of each access session.

(a) Such access shall not extend to a time later than 6.00 p.m. unless
mutually agreed between parties.

(b) The Wife shall provide the Husband with her e-mail address prior to her
departure from Singapore, and the Husband shall provide the Wife with a pre-
paid mobile phone number upon her arrival in Germany but he shall not be
liable to pay for the cost of the Wife’s pre-paid mobile line thereafter. The
Wife shall not change the said mobile number without first notifying the
Husband of her new mobile number.

(c) The Husband shall notify the Wife weekly by e-mail to the said e-mail
address provided by the Wife or by SMS to the said pre-paid mobile number of
his intended access to [B] at least one (1) week in advance.

(d) Such access as the Husband is able to have to [J] will initially take
place at the Wife’s option either at the rented accommodation itself or within
100 metres of the rented accommodation until it is reasonably possible for the
parties to agree to other more suitable arrangements.

(3) Accommodation in Germany

10 The Husband undertakes (not less than two (2) weeks before their arrival in
Germany) to provide (at his expense) the Wife, [B] and [J] with rented
accommodation at an affordable and reasonable rental rate (and with proper
lightings, utilities, heating and ventilation).

(a) Such accommodation to be ready for immediate occupation on arrival of the
Wife, [B] and [J] in Germany pursuant to the timeline stated at paragraph 1
above.

(b) The rented accommodation shall be located either in a safe and suitable
part of [M], Germany or in [W], Germany. The Wife shall inform the Husband
which location she prefers by 6 December 2013 (subject to the respective
amounts of maintenance to be provided to the Wife as specified at paragraph 14
below). The Husband undertakes to provide the Wife with basic furniture,
including a stove, a refrigerator, a wardrobe, two beds with mattresses, as
well as a sofa set, dining table, chairs and television and Internet
facilities in the said rented accommodation.

(c) The Husband shall return to the Wife all her belongings which were left
behind by her in the parties’ [S] home including the Wife’s bicycle, her
personal belongings, all her and [B]’s winter wear etc. The Husband shall also
purchase winter clothes and shoes for [B] and [J]. For so long as the Wife and
the children are in Germany, the Husband shall hand over for the Wife’s use
the bicycle trailer which she used to move around in [S] with [B].

11 If the Wife notifies the Husband of her refusal to return to Germany with
[J] after the Husband has already procured the rented accommodation, all
monies that the Husband may already have expended in procuring the said rented
accommodation and on the said furniture for the Wife shall be borne solely by
the Wife. Further, if the Wife returns to Singapore before the contract for
Internet facilities at the rented accommodation and the custody and/or care
proceedings before the German court are concluded, she will be solely liable
for the balance fees due and owing for the said Internet facilities.

(4) Maintenance for the Wife and [J] in Germany

12 The Husband undertakes to assist the Wife to apply for social security
benefits from the government of Germany (such as Arbeitslosengeld II (basic
social security) and/or Kindergeld (children’s benefits) and/or Wohngeld
(housing benefits)) which the Wife is entitled to receive under German law.

13 If there is any shortfall between the monthly payments from the government
of Germany and the rent payable for the said rented accommodation inclusive of
the cost of the Wife’s energy, utilities and Internet bills, the Husband
undertakes to pay the difference.

14 In addition, the Husband shall pay €800.00 per month for the Wife’s
maintenance while she resides in [W], Germany, pending any government grant
for her maintenance and if the Wife does not have any income in Germany. If,
however, the Wife chooses instead to reside in [M], Germany, the amount
payable shall be €700.

15 The Husband further undertakes to provide the Wife with maintenance of
€200.00 per month for each child while [B] and [J] reside in Germany, pending
any government grant for their maintenance.

16 If the amount of the government grants paid exceeds the amount of the rent,
service and utility charges payable by the Husband for the rented
accommodation together with the total sum of maintenance payable by the
Husband under paragraphs 14 and 15 above, the difference shall be paid by the
Husband to the Wife. In this regard, the Husband undertakes to disclose the
full amount of the government grants received. If there is a shortfall between
the monthly payments of social security benefits from the Government of
Germany and the monthly maintenance amount of €1,200.00 or €1,100.00 as the
case may be for the Wife and children which is payable by the Husband, the
Husband shall pay the difference to the Wife.

17 The Husband also undertakes that he will pay the rent, service and utility
charges for the rented accommodation as well as the total monthly maintenance
for the Wife and the two children in advance. These sums shall be paid by the
Husband at the end of the calendar month preceding (and for) the next calendar
month. The Husband shall pay half a month’s maintenance for the Wife and two
children for the month of February 2014 prior to the departure of the Wife and
two children for Germany pursuant to paragraph 1 above.

18 The Husband also undertakes to pay for the Wife’s German language course,
provided that the Wife undertakes to attend and complete the said German
language course and attain the standard required to communicate in the German
language on a basic level, failing which the Wife shall bear the costs of the
said German language course solely.

(5) Health insurance

19 The Wife shall provide the Husband with a copy of [J]’s birth certificate
in order for the Husband to apply for [J] to be covered under the Husband’s
family health insurance in Germany. The Husband undertakes not to use this for
any other purpose.

20 The Husband undertakes to continue to pay for German family health
insurance for the Wife, [J] and [B] for as long as the Wife, [J] and/or [B]
remain in Germany.

21 In addition, the Husband undertakes to pay for the Wife’s medical
(including psychiatric) expenses if or to the extent that they are not covered
by German family health insurance.

22 The Husband also undertakes to arrange for a psychiatrist to attend to the
Wife upon her arrival in Germany (with notice of details of the same to be
given to the Wife at least two weeks prior to her departure for Germany). The
Wife is at liberty to choose her attending psychiatrist as recommended by the
Women’s Shelter which she had previously attended for counselling. However,
before confirming the appointment of such psychiatrist, the Wife’s Singapore
solicitors shall consult with the Husband’s Singapore solicitors prior to her
departure with the children to Germany pursuant to paragraph 1 above. The
Husband shall not unreasonably refuse to appoint the psychiatrist selected by
the Wife. If, however, there is one or more psychiatrists recommended by the
Women’s Shelter who is or are also on the list of psychiatrists under the
Husband’s German family health insurance, the Wife must choose a psychiatrist
from this list.

(6) The Wife’s German residence permit

23 At all times (including prior to the departure from Singapore of the Wife,
[B] and [J]), the Husband undertakes to assist the Wife in her application for
new residence permits for herself and [J] with relevant authority in Germany,
in order that she may remain in Germany until the determination of the
proceedings with regard to the custody and/or care and control of [B] by the
German court. The Wife, on her part, will take the necessary steps forthwith
to make the necessary application for such permits on behalf of herself and
[J] including by seeking the assistance of the German Embassy in Singapore.

(7) Legal Assistance

24 The Husband undertakes to arrange for and obtain legal representation in
Germany for the Wife prior to her departure from Singapore (with notice of the
details of the same to be given to the Wife at least two weeks prior to her
departure for Germany). Before confirming the appointment of a lawyer, the
Husband’s Singapore solicitors shall consult with the Wife’s Singapore
solicitors. The Husband shall not unreasonably refuse to appoint the lawyer
selected by the Wife.

25 The Husband further undertakes to ensure that the Wife obtains the
requisite financial assistance with regard to legal representation and further
undertakes that he will pay for all the Wife’s reasonable legal expenses
should she be unable to obtain free legal representation. Any translation
costs not covered by legal aid in Germany for necessary documents shall be
paid by or be recoverable from the Husband.

(8) Other undertakings and consequential orders

26 In order to avoid incurring unnecessary legal costs, the Husband undertakes
that he will not pursue child abduction proceedings or such similar criminal
or civil prosecution against the Wife in Germany.

27 The Husband:-

(a) undertakes that he accepts that [J]’s habitual residence continues to be
Singapore (regardless of [J]’s length(s) of stay in Germany occasioned by the
Wife’s presence in Germany for the purpose of the proceedings before the
German Court to determine the custody, care and control of [B]);

(b) undertakes not to pursue any proceedings or take any other action or step
in Germany in respect of [J], including (but not confined to) proceedings
relating to the residence, custody and/or care and control of [J]; and

(c) agrees that any issues concerning the custody, care and control of [J] are
already before and shall therefore be determined solely by the Singapore
court.

28 The Husband undertakes that he will not seek to make any application to any
authorities for a change in the nationality of either [B] or [J] without the
consent of the Wife. The Husband further undertakes that he shall not apply
for German citizenship for [J] without the consent of the wife.

29 The Husband undertakes that he will:

(a) not make or renew any application to the German court for custody and/or
care and control of [B] until at least two (2) months have elapsed after the
return to Germany of [B] and the Wife in order that [B] would have a proper
opportunity to acclimatise himself to his new environment (and provided that
the Wife has already had a sufficient opportunity to receive legal
representation by that particular point in time);

(b) prior to the Wife’s departure from Singapore, apply for and obtain a
discharge of all existing German orders for custody and/or care and control of
[B] without prejudice to his legal position with regard to the custody and/or
care and control of [B].

30 In the event that the Husband breaches any of the above undertakings or in
the event that the Wife is not able under German law to remain in Germany at
any time prior to the completion of proceedings to determine the custody and
care and control of [B], the Husband undertakes to consent to an application
brought by the Wife to the German court for an order to permit her to return
to Singapore with [B] and [J].

31 For avoidance of doubt, the Wife shall be at liberty at her own expense to
leave Germany with [J] at any time she so desires which the Husband shall not
object to.

(a) Should the Wife decide to leave Germany, the Wife undertakes to leave [B]
in the care of the Husband for the duration(s) of the Wife’s absence(s) from
Germany.

(b) The Wife shall inform the Husband no less than one (1) week prior to any
intended departure(s) from Germany of her intended travel plans and hand over
[B] to the Husband’s care at least one (1) day before her departure.

(c) Upon the Wife’s return to Germany, the Husband will hand over [B] to her
care within one (1) day of the Wife’s arrival in Germany.

(d) The Wife shall inform the Husband at least one (1) week in advance of any
intended return to Germany.

32 The Husband undertakes, that, prior to the Wife returning to Germany with
[B] and [J] pursuant to paragraph 1 above, he will apply to the German court
seized of the matter to incorporate all the above undertakings as an order of
that court. Unless this undertaking is fulfilled, the Wife and [B] shall not
be obliged to embark on the said journey to return to Germany. These
undertakings shall subsist until the final disposal of the proceedings before
the German Court seized of the matter with regard to the custody and/or care
and control of [B].

PART II: UNDERTAKINGS AND CONSEQUENTIAL ORDERS WITH REGARD TO THE WIFE

(1) Undertaking to Undergo the Appropriate Medical (including Psychiatric)
Treatment

33 The Wife undertakes that she will undergo the appropriate medical
(including psychiatric) treatment with immediate effect in Singapore and that
she will continue such treatment in Germany.

(2) Undertakings in relation to the Husband’s Undertakings

34 The Wife undertakes:

(a) to perform her obligations pursuant to paragraphs 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10,
11, 18, 19, 22, 23 and 31 of the Husband’s Undertakings,

(b) to place [B]’s passport with her solicitors in Germany for the duration of
her stay in Germany in accordance with the terms of these undertakings and

(c) not to apply for a new passport for [B] without the Husband’s consent.

35 In the event that the Wife breaches any of the undertakings referred to at
paragraphs 33 and 34 above, the Wife undertakes to consent to an application
brought by the Husband to the German court for an order to enforce compliance
with the said undertakings.

36 The Wife agrees that, prior to her returning to Germany with [B] and [J]
pursuant to paragraph 1 above, she will consent to the Husband applying (on
her behalf) to the German court seized of the matter to incorporate all the
undertakings in paragraphs 33, 34 and 35 above as an order of that court.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

