Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Au Wai Pang _v_ Attorney-General and another matter  
[2014] SGCA 23

Case Number| :| Originating Summonses Nos 59 of 2014 and 1175 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Peter Low and Choo Zheng Xi (Peter Low LLC) for the
applicant in Originating Summons No 59 of 2014 and the respondent in
Originating Summons No 1175 of 2013; Tai Wei Shyong, Francis Ng, Elaine Liew
and Teo Lu Jia (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent in Originating
Summons No 59 of 2014 and the applicant in Originating Summons No 1175 of
2013.  
Parties| :|  Au Wai Pang — Attorney-General  
  
30 April 2014|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 Originating Summons No 1175 of 2013 (“OS 1175/2013”) is an _ex parte_
application by the Attorney-General (“the AGC”) under O 57 r 16(3) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) for leave to apply for an
order of committal against Au Wai Pang (“Alex Au”) for contempt of court in
respect of an article published on his blog. Originating Summons No 59 of 2014
(“OS 59/2014”) is an application by Alex Au to appear in and contest OS
1175/2013.

Procedural background

2 In an earlier application to the High Court (Originating Summons No 1098 of
2013, hereinafter “OS 1098/2013”), the AGC sought leave to apply for an order
of committal against Alex Au for contempt of court in respect of two articles
published on his blog:

(a) “377 wheels come off Supreme Court’s best-laid plans”, published on 5
October 2013 (“the first article”);

(b) “Church sacks employee and sues government — on one ground right, on
another wrong”, published on 12 October 2013 (“the second article”).

3 On 25 November 2013 at around 10.30pm, Alex Au received word through the
media that the AGC intended to apply to the High Court judge (“the Judge”) on
the morning of 26 November 2013 for leave to initiate committal proceedings
against him. The following morning, counsel for Alex Au sought leave to
convert OS 1098/2013 into an _inter partes_ hearing. OS 1098/2013 was
adjourned to 27 November 2013 for further submissions on whether this should
be done. The request to convert OS 1098/2013 into an _inter partes_ hearing
was denied by the Judge during the 27 November hearing. She nevertheless
allowed Alex Au’s counsel to hold a watching brief for him in chambers. The
Judge also granted leave to the AGC to apply for an order of committal against
Alex Au in respect of the first article, but not the second.

4 O 57 r 16(3) of the ROC stipulates that, in the event of a refusal of an _ex
parte_ application by the High Court, an application for a similar purpose may
be made to the Court of Appeal within seven days after the date of refusal.
The AGC attempted to electronically file the application on 6 December 2013
(the seventh day after the date of refusal), but this filing was rejected by
the Supreme Court registry on 9 December 2013 because of an error in the title
of a document.

5 After correcting this error, the AGC re-filed the application on 9 December
2013 under a different case number, namely, OS 1175/2013. On 12 December 2013,
the AGC appeared before the Duty Registrar to fix two summonses before the
Duty Judge. The first summons was for the hearing of OS 1175/2013 to be
expedited; the second summons was for the AGC to be granted an extension of
time until 9 December 2013 to file OS 1175/2013. We note from the minutes of
the proceedings that counsel for the AGC informed the Duty Registrar that s
36(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the
SCJA”) empowered a single judge to hear an application for extension of time
to file an originating summons before the Court of Appeal. The AGC also
invoked O 57 r 16(3) of the ROC and relied on observations made in the Court
of Appeal decision of _Dorsey James Michael v World Sport Group Pte Ltd_
[2013] 3 SLR 354 (“ _Michael Dorsey_ ”) for the proposition that the
application in OS 1175/2013 was not an appeal, and was in fact a “renewal
application”. The Duty Registrar fixed the two summonses before the Duty
Judge, and in doing so observed that the Duty Judge could decide whether he
had jurisdiction and whether it was proper to hear the application for an
extension of time.

6 Counsel for the AGC appeared before the Duty Judge on 13 December 2013,
whereupon he granted orders in terms for both the application to expedite and
the application for extension of time. Unfortunately, the available minutes
make no reference to the submissions made to him or his reasons for allowing
the applications.

7 OS 59/2014 was filed by Alex Au on 17 January 2014.

8 This court heard OS 1175/2013 and OS 59/2014 on 28 February 2014. We were
however concerned with two issues, which we drew to counsel’s attention in the
course of the hearing:

(a) whether the Duty Judge had the power to sit as the Court of Appeal and
grant an extension of time; and

(b) whether the Court of Appeal has the jurisdiction to grant leave to
commence committal proceedings for contempt of court.

Did the Duty Judge have the power to grant an extension of time?

9 Section 36(1) of the SCJA (“s 36(1)”) is the governing provision on this
particular issue. It reads:

In **any**** _proceeding pending_** before the Court of Appeal, any direction
incidental thereto not involving the decision of the **appeal** , _any interim
order to prevent prejudice to the claims of parties pending the appeal_ , and
any order for security for costs and for the dismissal _of_** _an appeal_**
for default in furnishing security so ordered, may at any time be made by a
Judge. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

10 The definition of the word “pending” has been considered by numerous
Singaporean and Malaysian cases, all of which speak with one voice. In the
Federation of Malaya Court of Appeal decision of _K Sockalinga Mudaliar v S
Eliathamby & Anor_ [1952] MLJ 77, Thomson J commented (at 78) that “pending”
is derived from the Latin word _pendere_ , which literally translates as “to
hang”, and quoted _Stroud’s Judicial Dictionary_ (2nd ed) at p 1445:

_A legal proceeding is “pending” as soon as commenced_... and until it is
concluded, i.e. so long as the Court having original cognizance of it can make
an order on the matters in issue, or to be dealt with, therein. [emphasis
added]

11 The Singapore High Court decision of _Goh Teng Hoon and others v Choi Hon
Ching_ [1985-1986] SLR(R) 869 (at [7]) and the Singapore Court of Appeal
decision of _Bank of India v Rai Bahadur Singh and another_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 1
(“ _Bank of India_ ”) (at [14]) cited the same passage with approval. The
definition in _Stroud’s Judicial Dictionary_ appears to have stemmed from the
seminal English Court of Appeal decision of _In re Clagett’s Estate; Fordham v
Clagett_ (1882) 20 Ch D 637, where Jessel MR held that a cause is said to be
pending in a court when any proceeding can be taken in it.

12 More specifically, no orders can be made if proceedings have not been
already validly commenced. This proposition emerges from the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Sugden and others v Lord St Leonards and others_ (1876) 1
PD 154, wherein Mellish LJ observed, in the course of argument, as follows (at
209):

We have held in several cases that, till an appeal is brought, there is
nothing pending in the Court of Appeal.

_The Annual Practice 1923_ is also instructive in this regard (at p 2081):

_Until an appeal is brought there is nothing “pending” before the C. A. A
single judge has no jurisdiction hereunder until an appeal has been
presented._ The proper course seems to be in the first place to serve a notice
of appeal, which will be for a day in vacation, or so soon thereafter, &c. and
then to write to a member of the C. A. asking if and when it will be
convenient to him to hear an application under the section. [case references
omitted and emphasis added]

13 We agree with the settled approach adopted in the authorities enumerated
above. The test for whether proceedings are “pending” is whether the court
concerned has the power to make an order on the matters in issue therein. An
application for an extension of time _to file_ OS 1175/2013 must be
predicated, however, on the implicit assumption that the originating summons
was _not filed_ within the stipulated timeline. As OS 1175/2013 was not
validly commenced in the first place, there is nothing before this court;
consequently, this court does not have the power to make an order on the
matters in issue. OS 1175/2013 therefore cannot be said to be “pending” before
this court.

14 Plainly, until and unless proceedings have been validly commenced,
proceedings cannot be said to be “pending” before this court. An application
for an extension of time to file OS 1175/2013 must be predicated on the
admission that OS 1175/2013 has _not_ been _regularly filed_ in the first
place. It follows that the Duty Judge, as a single Judge, did not have the
same power as the Court of Appeal to grant an extension of time.

15 Further, the word “proceeding” in s 36(1) is also qualified by the clauses
following it. The word “appeal” is mentioned another three times in s 36(1)
itself; a single judge has the power to make orders _only_ in the following
three types of situations:

(a) an incidental direction not involving the decision of the appeal;

(b) an interim order to prevent injustice to the claims of parties pending the
appeal; or

(c) an order for security of costs and for the dismissal of an appeal for
default in furnishing security so ordered.

It is therefore axiomatic that s 36(1) does not envisage a single judge having
the power to sit as the Court of Appeal if an _appeal_ has not been validly
commenced. We shall elaborate on this point later (at [18]–[25]).

16 In this regard, the instant facts are eminently distinguishable from those
in the _Bank of India_ case, where Judith Prakash JC (as she then was),
sitting as a single judge of the Court of Appeal pursuant to s 36(1),
permitted an application to effect service of the appellant’s record of appeal
out of time. Proceedings in that particular matter had been validly commenced:
the notice of appeal and record of appeal had been regularly filed. The
applicant was merely seeking to regularise the _service_ of the record of
appeal. This is quite unlike the case before this court, where OS 1175/2013
had not even gotten off the ground in the first place.

17 In the course of argument the AGC, without reference to any authority,
urged this court to adopt a purposive approach as mandated by s 9A of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed). Unfortunately, in our view, this does
not assist the AGC. Let us elaborate.

18 Section 36(1) has a long lineage. Its oldest predecessor is s 52 of the UK
Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873 (c 66) (UK) (“the 1873 UK Act”), which
reads as follows:

In any cause or matter pending before the Court of Appeal, any direction
incidental thereto, not involving the decision of the appeal, may be given by
a single judge of the Court of Appeal; and a single Judge of the Court of
Appeal **_may at any time during vacation_** make any interim order to prevent
prejudice to the claims of any parties pending an appeal as he may think fit;
but every such order made by a single judge may be discharged or varied by the
Court of Appeal or a Divisional Court thereof. [emphasis added in bold
italics]

19 Section 26(1) of the Courts Ordinance 1934 (No 17 of 1934; s 27(1) in Cap
10, Laws of the Straits Settlements, 1936 Rev Ed (“1936 Rev Ed”)) (“s 26(1)”)
was the first piece of _Singaporean_ legislation which allowed a single Judge
to sit as the Court of Appeal. It reads as follows:

In any cause or matter pending before the Court of Appeal any direction
incidental thereto, not involving the decision of the appeal, and any
_interim_ order to prevent prejudice to the claims of the parties pending the
appeal may, **_if the Court of Appeal is not sitting_** , be made by a single
Judge. [emphasis added in bold italics; emphasis in original in italics]

The marginal note to s 26(1) read as follows:

_Interim_ orders may be made by single Judge when Court of Appeal not sitting.
[emphasis in original]

It appears that s 26(1) (s 27(1) in the 1936 Rev Ed) was originally
promulgated out of the necessity to enable urgent applications to be made to a
single judge outside of a Court of Appeal sitting.

20 Section 29(1) of the Courts Ordinance 1955 (No 14 of 1955; Cap 3, Laws of
the Colony of Singapore, 1955 Rev Ed) stated that:

In any proceeding pending before the Court of Appeal any direction incidental
thereto not involving the decision of the appeal, any interim order to prevent
prejudice to the claims of parties pending the appeal, and any order for
security for costs, and for dismissal of an appeal for default in furnishing
security so ordered, may be made by a Judge.

As can be seen, the prerequisite of the Court of Appeal not sitting was
removed; a single judge could make the mentioned directions and/or orders at
any time.

21 Singapore merged with the states in the Federation of Malaya, as well as
with British North Borneo (now Sabah) and Sarawak to form Malaysia in 1963.
The Federal Court assumed the role of the former Court of Appeal. Section
44(1) of the (Malaysian) Courts of Judicature Act 1964 (Act No 7 of 1964)
(“the Malaysian Courts of Judicature Act”) provided as follows:

In any proceeding pending before the Federal Court any direction incidental
thereto not involving the decision of the proceeding, any interim order to
prevent prejudice to the claims of parties pending the hearing of the
proceeding, any order for security for costs, and for the dismissal of a
proceeding for default in furnishing security so ordered **_may at any time_**
be made by a Judge of the Federal Court. [emphasis added in bold italics]

22 The Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 15, 1970 Rev Ed) was promulgated
by Act 24 of 1969 after Singapore became an independent nation state in 1965,
and restored the _status quo ante_ by re-establishing the Court of Appeal and
Court of Criminal Appeal. Section 36(1) of the same has remained unchanged to
this day (see above at [9]). Section 36(1) followed the lead of s 44(1) of the
Malaysian Courts of Judicature Act and explicitly added the phrase “may at any
time”. This made it clear beyond any doubt whatsoever the removal of the
prerequisite that the Court of Appeal must not be sitting for a single judge
to make the directions and/or orders listed in s 36(1).

23 Interestingly, England only removed the prerequisite of the (English) Court
of Appeal not sitting in 1982 with amendments to the then Rules of the Supreme
Court. In the Practice Note accompanying the amendments (reported at [1982] 1
WLR 1312), Sir John Donaldson MR had this to say about the move (at 1316B–C):

_The single judge of the Court of Appeal_

In the past a court consisting of at least two judges has had to consider
incidental applications, such as those for leave to appeal, for the imposition
or removal of orders staying execution or for the grant, variation or
discharge of injunctions pending appeal. **_This represented an extravagant
use of judicial time_** and rule 10 (9) will now enable all these matters to
be considered and disposed of by a single judge sitting in chambers. All such
applications will be made by motion: rule 14 (1).

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Clearly, s 36(1) was intended to avoid burdening a three-judge court with
applications which could be more expeditiously disposed of by a single judge.

24 The common thread throughout all the statutes cited above is the fact that
a single judge may make _interim_ orders aimed at preventing prejudice or
preserving the _status quo_. Administrative efficiency is ultimately justified
by the fact that the interim orders made are _not dispositive of the
substantive appeal_. This is plainly evident from s 36(3) of the SCJA, which
states that “[e]very order so made may be discharged or varied by the Court of
Appeal.” There is nothing to discharge or vary if the single judge refuses to
grant an extension of time. If an extension of time is not granted, this would
be dispositive of the appeal and conclusively settle the respective legal
entitlements of the parties, who would be bound by the judgment below. An
application for an extension of time to file an originating summons is
therefore manifestly not the type of case which was intended to be heard by a
single judge.

25 The purposive interpretation of s 36(1) suggested by the AGC (ironically)
fortifies our earlier conclusion that the AGC’s application for an extension
of time did not fall within the meaning of a “proceeding pending”. In any
case, this court has severe doubts over whether a purposive interpretation can
be used to construe a statute in a way that cannot be supported by the
language within.

26 In response to our observations on the historical basis of s 36(1), the AGC
made an oral application for an extension of time to file OS 1175/2013. For
reasons that follow, we did not rule on the oral application because it was
moot.

Does the Court of Appeal have the jurisdiction to grant leave to commence
committal proceedings for contempt of court?

27 Before embarking on an analysis of this issue, it would be helpful to first
set out the statutory framework pertaining to the jurisdiction of the Court of
Appeal. In _Re Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario_ [2013] 3 SLR 258 (“ _Zero Nalpon_ ”)
at [14], this court emphatically reiterated that the Court of Appeal, being a
creature of statute, can only be seized of jurisdiction that is conferred by
statute.

28 Section 3 of the SCJA reads as follows:

**Divisions and jurisdiction of Supreme Court**

**3.** The Supreme Court shall be a superior court of record and shall consist
of —

(_a_) the High Court, which shall exercise original and appellate civil and
criminal jurisdiction; and

(_b_) the Court of Appeal, which shall exercise _appellate_ civil and criminal
jurisdiction.

[emphasis added]

29 Section 29A of the SCJA (“s 29A”) provides as follows:

**Jurisdiction of Court of Appeal**

**29A.** —(1) The civil jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal **_shall consist
of appeals_** from any judgment or order of the High Court in any civil cause
or matter whether made in the exercise of its original or of its appellate
jurisdiction, **_subject nevertheless to the provisions of this Act or any
other written law regulating the terms and conditions upon which such appeals
may be brought_**.

(2) The criminal jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal **_shall consist of
appeals_** against any decision made by the High Court in the exercise of its
original criminal jurisdiction, **_subject nevertheless to the provisions of
this Act or any other written law regulating the terms and conditions upon
which such appeals may be brought._**

(3) **_For the purposes of and incidental_** to —

(_a_) the **_hearing and determination of any appeal_** to the Court of
Appeal; and

(_b_) the amendment, execution and enforcement of any judgment or order
**_made on such an appeal_** ,

the Court of Appeal shall have all the authority and jurisdiction of the court
or tribunal **_from which the appeal_** was brought.

(4) The Court of Appeal shall, for the purposes of and subject to the
provisions of this Act, have full power to determine any question necessary to
be determined for the purpose of doing justice in any case before the Court.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

30 It is evident that _none_ of the provisions in the SCJA confers _original_
jurisdiction on the Court of Appeal. In this regard, the omission of
“original” in s 3(_b_) of the SCJA is telling.

31 To recapitulate, the AGC relied on O 57 r 16(3) of the ROC to apply for
leave to commence committal proceedings. O 57 r 16(3) stipulates that:

Where an ex parte application has been refused by the Court below, an
application for a similar purpose may be made to the Court of Appeal ex parte
within 7 days after the date of the refusal.

32 When we raised the issue of this court’s jurisdiction with counsel for the
AGC, the AGC responded with two submissions. First, the plain words of O 57 r
16(3) are wide enough to allow an application to be made in this manner; and,
secondly, an application under O 57 r 16(3) was in fact an appeal.

The plain reading argument

33 The first submission is, with respect, plainly untenable. As a matter of
hierarchy, the Rules of Court is _subsidiary_ legislation that is, by its very
nature, subordinate to its parent act, the SCJA, and must thus be read in
harmony with the same.

34 This is made clear by s 80(1) of the SCJA, which states that:

The Rules Committee constituted under subsection (3) may make Rules of Court
_regulating and prescribing the procedure (including the method of pleading)
and the practice_ to be followed in the High Court and the Court of Appeal
respectively in all causes and matters whatsoever _in or with respect to which
those courts respectively_** _have for the time being jurisdiction_**
(including the procedure and practice to be followed in the Registry of the
Supreme Court) and any matters incidental to or relating to any such procedure
or practice. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Section 80(1) of the SCJA makes it clear that the Rules of Court regulate
procedure and practice. The Rules of Court do not, and cannot, confer
jurisdiction on the Court of Appeal by a side wind. O 57 r 16(3) presupposes
that the court has already been validly seized of jurisdiction.

35 We would like to add that the proviso to s 29A(1) of the SCJA (“s 29A(1)”)
, which reads “subject nevertheless to the provisions of this Act or any other
written law regulating the terms and conditions upon which such appeals may be
brought”, does not assist the AGC. “Subject” is an adjective that expresses
the notion that a clause is qualified by the clause that follows it. _The
Oxford English Dictionary, Volume XVII_ (2nd ed, Clarendon Press, Oxford,
1989) defines “subject” as (at p 31):

Dependent upon a certain correcting or modifying condition; conditional upon;
resting upon the assumption of. Freq. _advb._ , conditionally upon, with the
assumption of.

A correcting or modifying condition, as a practical linguistic fact, implies a
change that does not completely alter the thing in question. A simple
illustration will suffice. Whilst it is theoretically possible to utter the
statement that “I have an apple, subject to the fact that it may be an
orange”, such a statement would be nonsensical and would not convey any
meaning to the recipient of the statement. Applying the same reasoning to s
29A(1), the proviso cannot be read as saying that the other provisions of the
SCJA or any other written law may confer non-appellate jurisdiction on the
Court of Appeal. Such a reading would constitute a contradiction in terms.

36 Section 7(1) of the SCJA also does not assist the AGC as it is a power-
conferring and not a jurisdiction-conferring provision (for an explanation of
the power-jurisdiction dichotomy, see _Zero Nalpon_ at [30]–[32]).

37 Pertinently, the Court of Appeal (and its predecessor courts) was _never_
conferred any _original_ jurisdiction. The predecessors to s 29A did not
confer any original jurisdiction to the earlier incarnations of the Court of
Appeal (including the Court of Criminal Appeal). These predecessor provisions
are listed below:

Statute |  Appellate Criminal Jurisdiction |  Appellate Civil Jurisdiction  
---|---|---  
Court’s Ordinance 1873 (Ordinance No V of 1873) |  s 83 |  s 83  
Courts Ordinance 1878 (Ordinance No III of 1878) |  s 66 |  s 66  
Courts Ordinance 1907 (Ordinance No XXX of 1907) |  s 13 |  s 11  
Courts Ordinance 1934 (No 17 of 1934) (Cap 10, Laws of the Straits Settlements, 1936 Rev Ed (“1936 Rev Ed’)) |  – |  s 19 (s 20 in the 1936 Rev Ed)  
Court of Criminal Appeal Ordinance 1931 (No 5 of 1931) (Cap 11, Laws of the Straits Settlements, 1936 Rev Ed) |  s 5 |  –  
Courts Ordinance 1955 (No 14 of 1955) (Cap 3, Laws of the Colony of Singapore, 1955 Rev Ed) |  – |  s 22  
Courts of Judicature Act 1964 (No 7 of 1964) (Malaysia) |  s 50 |  s 67  
Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (No 24 of 1969) (Cap 15, 1970 Rev Ed; subsequently Cap 322, 1985 Rev Ed) |  s 44 |  s 29  
  
  

The only exception was s 45 of the Malaysian Courts of Judicature Act, which
conferred original jurisdiction on the Federal Court for certain limited
purposes (as listed in Art 128 of the Federal Constitution of Malaysia). This
exception pertained to federal matters and therefore need not detain us here.

38 Further, in the context of contempt proceedings, O 52 r 2(2) of the ROC
explicitly states that an application for leave to commence committal
proceedings is to be made to a Judge. O 52 r 1(3) provides that where contempt
of court is committed otherwise than in connection with any proceedings, an
order of committal may be made _only_ by the High Court. We would like to
point out that, assuming _arguendo_ that the Court of Appeal has the
_original_ jurisdiction to grant leave and does grant leave, it would be
highly anomalous for the Court of Appeal to then remit the committal
application to the High Court as sought by the AGC in the subject application.
Ordinarily, the court granting leave would proceed to hear the substantive
application. However, our attention was not drawn to any instance in any
common law jurisdiction where an appellant court heard contempt proceedings
_de novo_. It would be extremely odd for an appellate court to hear a _de
novo_ application, and in this respect we cite the following comment by Sir
John Donaldson MR with approval (in the English decision of _R v Bolton
Justices, ex parte Graeme_ (1986) 150 JP 190 (“ _Ex parte Graeme_ ”)):

… it would be very peculiar indeed if this court was to exercise an original
jurisdiction to give leave to proceed by judicial review in circumstances in
which any consequent decision was unappealable to this court.

39 Drawing the threads together, the inexorable conclusion is that the Court
of Appeal does _not_ have the original jurisdiction to grant leave to commence
committal proceedings.

40 We would also like to take this opportunity to clarify certain remarks made
in _Michael Dorsey_ (at [95] and [96]) which the AGC had referred to when
queried by the Duty Registrar on the jurisdictional basis of the application
(see above at [5]):

95 However, there appears to be one apparently anomalous exception to the
propositions we have set out at [93] and [94] above, namely where an _ex
parte_ application is refused at first instance. In that case, under O 57 r
16(3) of the Rules of Court, the applicant can renew the application before
the Court of Appeal within seven days after the date of hearing.

96 Strictly speaking, an application to the Court of Appeal in these
circumstances is not an appeal. In substance, however, it means that a party
making an _ex parte_ application is entitled to two tiers of hearings
including one before the Court of Appeal as of right. If, on the other hand,
an interlocutory order is made on an interlocutory application that is heard
_inter partes_ , the default position under the Fourth and Fifth Schedule to
the SCJA is that leave of the High Court judge is required before an appeal
can be brought to the Court of Appeal.

41 The remarks are of general application and do not apply to particular
situations akin to the present where the very jurisdiction of the court is in
doubt. [95] and [96] of _Michael Dorsey_ must be read in context. In this
regard, [97] of _Michael Dorsey_ states as follows:

As _ex parte_ applications are virtually always interlocutory in nature, it is
anomalous that a party making an application _ex parte_ is able to renew the
application before the Court of Appeal while a party making an application
_inter partes_ is not. Should leave be refused by the High Court judge, that
would be the end of the matter as the aggrieved party would then have no
avenue to obtain leave from the Court of Appeal. _In our judgment, legislative
intervention would be desirable in this regard_. … [emphasis added]

The point of referring to O 57 r 16(3) was to call attention to the potential
anomaly between _ex parte_ and _inter partes_ applications, and how applicants
in _ex parte_ applications would potentially enjoy an advantage because leave
may not be required for a renewed application before the Court of Appeal. The
remarks did not need to consider, and did not in fact consider, the issue of
how O 57 r 16(3) interfaced with the concept of jurisdiction.

The appellate jurisdiction argument

42 The second prong relied upon by the AGC was the argument that O 57 r 16(3)
was an invocation of the Court of Appeal’s appellate jurisdiction.

43 The AGC relied on two cases in this regard. In _Kemper Reinsurance Co v
Minister of Finance and others_ [2000] 1 AC 1 (“ _Kemper Reinsurance_ ”), the
appellant appealed against a decision of the Court of Appeal of Bermuda
whereupon it held that it did not have the jurisdiction to hear appeals from
the grant or refusal of leave to apply for _certiorari_. The Judicial
Committee of the Privy Council allowed the appeal and held that the Court of
Appeal of Bermuda did have the requisite jurisdiction to hear such appeals.
Lord Hoffmann nevertheless went on to observe that (at 18C–D):

Their Lordships therefore consider that a renewed application to the Court of
Appeal under R.S.C., Ord. 59, r. 14(3) is a true appeal with a procedure
adapted to its ex parte nature. If the rule had been intended to create an
anomalous exception to the principle in _Lane v. Esdaile_ [1891] A.C. 210, it
would hardly have been restricted to the refusal of applications ex parte. It
should logically have been extended to appeals from the discharge of leave
after an inter partes hearing and from a refusal to discharge such leave. But
appeals against all such orders are regularly entertained and their existence
is inconsistent with the application of the principle in _Lane v. Esdaile_ to
appeals from the refusal of leave to apply for judicial review.

This brings their Lordships to the decision of the House of Lords in _In re
Poh_ [1983] 1 W.L.R. 2. …

Ord 59 r 14(3) of the Rules of Supreme Court (UK) (“RSC”) is identical to O 57
r 16(3) of our Rules of Court.

44 _Regina (Burkett) v Hammersmith and Fulham London Borough Council and
another_ [2002] 1 WLR 1593 (“ _Hammersmith_ ”) concerned a late application
for judicial review; the preliminary issue before the House of Lords was
whether it had the jurisdiction to hear an appeal from a decision of the Court
of Appeal refusing permission to seek judicial review. Lord Steyn observed
that (at [12]):

12 … In _Kemper Reinsurance Co v Minister of Finance_ [2000] 1 AC 1 the Privy
Council cast doubt on the reasoning in _In re Poh_. Lord Hoffmann observed, at
p 18b, that a renewed application to the Court of Appeal under RSC Ord 59, r
14(3) is a true appeal with a procedure adapted to its ex parte nature. …

45 It is evident that the comments about RSC Ord 59 r 14(3) in both _Kemper
Reinsurance_ and _Hammersmith_ were made in the context of exploring the true
width of the rule in _Lane and another v Esdaile and another_ [1891] AC 210 (“
_Lane v Esdaile_ ”), and whether _In re Poh_ [1983] 1 WLR 2 had validly
extended it.

46 _Lane v Esdaile_ concerned the appellate jurisdiction of the House of
Lords. The appellant sought to appeal against a refusal by the Court of Appeal
to grant leave to appeal to the House of Lords. The House of Lords held that
it did not have the jurisdiction to hear an appeal against a refusal to grant
leave to appeal by the Court of Appeal. Lord Diplock, in the House of Lords
decision of _In Re Poh_ , extended the rule in _Lane v Esdaile_ to a refusal
to grant leave to commence judicial review proceedings. Both _Kemper
Reinsurance_ and _Hammersmith_ disapproved of Lord Diplock’s extension of the
_Lane v Esdaile_ rule to judicial review proceedings.

47 Before summarising Lord Hoffmann’s line of logic in _Kemper Reinsurance_ ,
it is apposite to point out that Bermuda did not have the equivalent of RSC
Ord 59 r 14(3) in their procedural rules.

48 In _Kemper Reinsurance_ Lord Hoffmann was, in fact, attempting to
disapprove of _In Re Poh_ on principled grounds. First, he observed that, in
England, there was a routine practice of allowing appeals from the discharge
of leave after an _inter partes_ hearing and from a refusal to discharge such
leave in judicial review proceedings (at 18D). _Secondly, he held_ (at 17D):

At any rate, [RSC Ord 59 r 14(3)] appears to their Lordships to be entirely
procedural.

_He also stated that a renewed application under RSC Ord 59 r 14(3) was “a
true appeal”_ (at 18C):

Their Lordships therefore consider that a renewed application to the Court of
Appeal under R.S.C. Ord 59 r 14(3) is a true appeal with a procedure adapted
to its ex parte nature.

49 Thirdly, he held that the rule in _Lane v Esdaile_ would potentially apply
to such appeals since RSC O 59 r 14(3) is merely procedural in nature. Lastly,
he pointed out that the routine practice of allowing such appeals meant that
judicial review proceedings were in practice not caught by the rule in _Lane v
Esdaile_. It was therefore irrelevant that Bermuda did not have the equivalent
of RSC O 59 r 14(3), because English practice showed that the rule in _Lane v
Esdaile_ did not extend to judicial review proceedings. Lord Hoffmann, in the
alternative, also justified a restrictive reading of the rule in _Lane v
Esdaile_ on the basis of the differences between judicial review and an appeal
(see 14H–15C), but this is not relevant for our purposes.

50 The key step in Lord Hoffmann’s reasoning – that RSC Ord 59 r 14(3) is
merely procedural and a renewal application under the same is a true appeal –
is italicised above. If this key step were to fail, his conclusion that _Lane
v Esdaile_ did not apply to judicial review would not follow. This step was
problematic on two counts: first, Lord Hoffmann did not consider the
possibility that the Court of Appeal lacked jurisdiction and second, the
characterisation of a RSC O 59 r 14(3) application as an appeal was
unsupported by the weight of authority.

51 Lord Hoffmann opined that RSC O 59 r 14(3) was procedural (in other words,
non-jurisdiction conferring) in nature, and then asserted that an application
under the same was a true appeal. With respect, the latter does not
necessarily follow from the former. From a logical standpoint, it could very
well be the case that the Court of Appeal is exercising an original
jurisdiction which may or may not exist, and may or may not stem from a source
outside of the Rules of Court (but see below at [58]). It seems, with respect,
that Lord Hoffmann observed that the Court of Appeal was exercising an
appellate jurisdiction out of expediency in order to justify previous practice
(at 18C):

But appeals against all such orders are regularly entertained …

52 Furthermore, Lord Hoffmann referred to only two authorities in support of
this step: _Underhill’s Manual of Procedure of the Chancery Division_ (1881)
and _J O Griffits’s Guide to Crown Office Practice_ (1947), respectively, both
of which suggested that Ord LVIII r 10 of the 1883 Rules of the Supreme Court
(the predecessor to Ord 59 r 14(3) of the 1965 Rules of Supreme Court)
entailed an appeal, and not a fresh application, to the Court of Appeal.

53 These two books did not, however, cite any cases to support the proposition
that an application under Ord LVIII r 10 or Ord 59 r 14(3) was in actuality an
appeal. This must be counterbalanced against the wealth of authority wherein
appellate courts have persistently held that they were exercising an original
jurisdiction in RSC Ord 59 r 14(3) applications (see, for example, _Ex parte
Graeme_ at [38]; and the cases cited below at [54] and [55]).

54 Sir John Donaldson MR made the same point in two cases. In the English
Court of Criminal Appeal decision of _Dhillon v Secretary of State for the
Home Department_ (1988) 86 CrAppR 14 (at 17) (“ _Dhillon_ ”), he opined as
follows:

On the other hand, _this Court has a special jurisdiction in judicial review
matters—the origin of which is lost in the mists of recent antiquity_ and
plainly it is not open to us to challenge it at this stage—whereby we can
consider a renewed application for leave to grant judicial review. … [emphasis
added]

In the English Court of Appeal decision of _Reg v Secretary of State for the
Home Department, Ex parte Turkoglu_ [1988] QB 398 (“ _Turkoglu_ ”), he said
(at 400):

… As I pointed out in the judgment, if on the adjourned hearing of the
application for leave to apply before the High Court the judge had dismissed
the application, there could be no appeal to this court. _There would be a
power to renew that application to this court, but no appeal_ : _Lane v.
Esdaile_ [1891] A.C. 210. [emphasis added]

55 The English Court of Appeal has even held that it possessed the original
jurisdiction to hear an application for judicial review after granting leave
to an applicant to do so. _Reg v Industrial Injuries Commissioner, ex parte
Amalgamated Engineering Union_ [1966] 2 QB 21 (“ _Amalagamated Engineering
Union_ ”) concerned a trade union which applied _ex parte_ to the Queen’s
Bench Division Court for leave to apply for an order of certiorari to quash a
decision of the Industrial Injuries Commissioner. The Divisional Court,
without stating reasons, refused leave. The trade union renewed their
application; the Court of Appeal, consisting of Lord Denning MR, Salmon LJ,
and Davies LJ, granted leave. The Ministry opposing the judicial review
application argued that the actual application should go back to the
Divisional Court, because of RSC Ord 59 r 5, which states:

When leave has been granted to apply for an order of mandamus, prohibition or
certiorari, the application shall be made by notice of motion to a Divisional
Court of the Queen's Bench Division...

56 Lord Denning MR held that RSC Ord 59 r 5 applied only to cases where the
Divisional Court itself has granted leave, and not where the Court of Appeal
has granted leave. The weight of court practice was against the Ministry.
After the introduction of the requirement of leave for judicial review matters
(via s 10 of the UK Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act
1938 (c 63)), the practice had always been for the Court of Appeal itself to
hear the judicial review application after the grant of leave. Lord Denning MR
further added (at 28–29):

I am greatly influenced by the practice of the courts over the years. In a
matter such as this, the opinion and practice of the profession certainly
makes law.

I would add this. If the Divisional Court had gone through the full procedure
of giving leave to apply for an order of certiorari, and then had heard the
other side, and ultimately refused to grant the order, there would clearly
have been an appeal to this court on the whole matter. In the present instance
they have taken a short cut. They thought that there was no need to hear the
other side at all. So they refused leave at once. It would be absurd for us to
send it back to them to hear a case which they thought so plain. It is much
better for us to hear it straight away. I think the preliminary objection is
not well founded, and the court should go on and hear the application.

The position is surely _a fortiori_ for an application under RSC Ord 59 r
14(3).

57 With respect, _Kemper Reinsurance_ and _Hammersmith_ obscure the settled
position. Whilst we agree that the Rules of the Supreme Court are merely
procedural in nature, it seems to us implausible to deem an application under
RSC Ord 59 r 14(3) (and therefore O 57 r 16(3) of the ROC) to be an invocation
of the court’s appellate jurisdiction. To reiterate, RSC Ord 59 r 14(3) merely
states that “an application for a similar purpose may be made to the Court of
Appeal”.

58 Further, there are also significant differences between the jurisdictional
bases of the English Court of Appeal and the Singapore Court of Appeal. When
_Dhillon_ and _Turkoglu_ were decided, the relevant jurisdiction-conferring
provision was s 15(2) of the UK Supreme Court Act 1981 (c 54) (“the 1981 UK
Act”), which reads as follows:

Subject to the provisions of this Act, there shall be exercisable by the Court
of Appeal —

(_a_) all such jurisdiction (whether civil or criminal) as is conferred on it
by this or any other Act;

(_b_) _all such other jurisdiction (whether civil or criminal) as was
exercisable by it immediately before the commencement of this Act_.

[emphasis added]

59 The language of s 15(2)(_b_) clearly contemplates that the English Court of
Appeal could exercise “all such other” jurisdiction that it used to
historically exercise. This is in sharp contrast to Singapore’s statutory
provisions, which clearly state that the Court of Appeal only exercises an
appellate jurisdiction, with s 3 of the SCJA, in particular, omitting the word
“original” when the Court of Appeal is mentioned in s 3(_b_) (as opposed to
when the High Court is mentioned in s 3(_a_)).

60 In the English Court of Appeal decision of _WEA Records Ltd v Visions
Channel 4 Ltd and others_ [1983] 1 WLR 721, Sir John Donaldson MR commented on
the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal as follows (at 727):

… The Court of Appeal hears appeals from orders and judgments. It does not
hear original applications save to the extent that these are ancillary to an
appeal, and _save in respect of an entirely anomalous form of proceeding in
relation to the grant of leave to apply to the Divisional Court for judicial
review._ [emphasis added]

In the (also) English Court of Appeal decision of _Ocean Software Ltd v Kay
and others_ [1992] 1 QB 583 (“ _Ocean Software_ ”), Scott LJ considered the
1981 UK Act and cited the above passage with approval (at 589).

61 The same result obtains when one engages in a semantic enquiry into what
constitutes an “appeal”. “Appeal” is defined by _Jowitt’s Dictionary of
English Law_ (D Greenberg, gen ed) (3rd ed, 2010) at p 137, as follows:

The judicial examination by a higher court of the decision of an inferior
court. …

62 In essence, an appeal necessarily entails the examination of a decision
made by an inferior court. There is nothing to examine if an application under
O 57 r 16(3) “for a similar purpose” is made to the Court of Appeal. In such
an application, the Court of Appeal is looking at the matter completely afresh
and without having the benefit of the reasoned grounds upon which the
application has been refused by the High Court. This is also supported by the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Subesh v Secretary of State for the Home
Department and other appeals_ [2004] All ER (D) 326 (Mar), where it was stated
that (at [44]):

The answer is, we think, ultimately to be found in the reason why (as we have
put it) the appeal process is not merely a re-run second time around of the
first instance trial. It is because of the law's acknowledgement of an
important public interest, namely that of finality in litigation. _The would-
be appellant does not approach the appeal court as if there had been no first
decision, as if, so to speak, he and his opponent were to meet on virgin
territory. …_ [emphasis added]

63 A structural examination of the ROC supports the semantic proposition that
an O 57 r 16(3) application is not an appeal. O 57 r 3(1) of the ROC reads as
follows:

An appeal to the Court of Appeal _shall_ be by way of rehearing and **_must_**
_be brought by notice of appeal in Form 112._ [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

The use of “must” means that, under the Rules of Court, O 57 r 3(1) is the
_only_ means of commencing an appeal. The characterisation of an O 57 r 16(3)
application as an appeal is therefore manifestly repugnant to the clear words
of O 57 r 3(1).

64 O 57 r 5(1) of the ROC also stipulates that, when a notice of appeal has
been filed, the Judge who gave the judgment or made the order must certify in
writing the grounds of the judgment or order, unless the judgment has already
been written. This procedure is emblematic of an appeal, and ensures that the
Court of Appeal is able to examine the decision of the court below. Other
consequences also flow from the filing of the notice of appeal; for instance,
under O 57 r 9, the appellant must file, amongst other things, the appellant’s
case and a core bundle within two months of the record of proceedings being
available.

65 None of the above features is present where an O 57 r 16(3) application for
a similar purpose is made to the Court of Appeal. The ineluctable conclusion
is that such an application is _not_ an appeal.

66 It is not to the point that O 57 r 16(3) entails a “procedure adapted to
its _ex parte_ nature” (as _Kemper Reinsurance_ and _Hammersmith_ have
asserted (see above at [43] and [44])). The usual provisions in the ROC are
more than capable of handling an appeal from the refusal of an _ex parte_
application. For instance, there would be no need to serve the notice of
appeal on the respondent (O 57 r 9(1)) because there is no respondent. There
is also no need for the respondent’s case to be filed (O 57 r 9A(2)). If the
appeal is urgent, an application may be made to expedite the hearing of the
appeal (O 57 r 20).

67 We thus only partially agree with the following comment made in _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2013_ (G P Selvam ed-in-chief) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2013) (“
_White Book_ ”) at para 57/16/3:

But if the application to the court below is refused, the application to the
Court of Appeal is not an appeal. The jurisdiction is concurrent (_Cropper v
Smith_ (1883) 24 Ch.D 305; _Brown v Brook_ (1902) 86 L.T. 372, CA).

68 We agree that an O 57 r 16(3) application is not an appeal. We do not agree
with the blanket statement that jurisdiction is “concurrent”, as we shall
elaborate on in the section below.

A coda on the incidental appellate jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal

69 O 57 r 16(3) is nonetheless not _ultra vires_ vis-à-vis the SCJA. An
application under O 57 r 16(3) can be made if there are statutory grounds for
the assumption of jurisdiction by the Court of Appeal. For instance, prior to
the enactment of our Supreme Court of Judicature Amendment Act 2010 (No 30 of
2010), s 34(2) of the SCJA expressly provided for the “Court of Appeal or a
Judge” granting leave to appeal in certain enumerated circumstances. The
current s 34(2) however no longer confers jurisdiction on the Court of Appeal
to grant leave to appeal.

70 In the current statutory framework, s 29A(3) of the SCJA is one such
jurisdiction-conferring provision:

For the purposes of and **_incidental_** to —

(_a_) **_the hearing and determination of any appeal_** to the Court of
Appeal; and

(_b_) the amendment, execution and enforcement of any judgment or order made
on such an appeal,

the Court of Appeal shall have all the authority and jurisdiction of the court
or tribunal from which the appeal was brought.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Section 29A(3) of the SCJA confers on the Court of Appeal the jurisdiction and
powers of the court below if this is _incidental_ to the hearing and
determination of an appeal. For ease of reference, this shall be hereinafter
referred to as the incidental appellate jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal.

71 The English Court of Appeal decision of _Ocean Software_ is highly relevant
in this regard. It is apposite to first set out s 15(3) of the 1981 UK Act,
which reads as follows:

For all purposes of or incidental to —

(_a_) the hearing and determination of any appeal to the civil division of the
Court of Appeal; and

(_b_) the amendment, execution and enforcement of any judgment or order made
on such an appeal,

the Court of Appeal shall have all the authority _and jurisdiction_ of the
court or tribunal from which the appeal was brought.

[emphasis added]

The language utilised in s 15(3) of the 1981 UK Act is identical to that used
in s 29A of our SCJA, save for the phrase “[f]or all purposes of or incidental
to” being used in the former and “[f]or the purposes of and incidental to”
being used in the latter. This is not, in our view, a material difference.

72 The facts of _Ocean Software_ are as follows. The English High Court
refused to grant the plaintiff’s _ex parte_ application for a _Mareva_
injunction. The plaintiff appealed to the Court of Appeal, which allowed the
appeal and granted the _Mareva_ injunction. One of the orders gave either
party liberty to apply to discharge or vary the injunction. The defendant
applied to the Court of Appeal to discharge the _ex parte Mareva_ injunction,
whereupon the plaintiff applied for additional interlocutory relief with
respect to a prospective income stream. Scott LJ held that the Court of Appeal
did not have the jurisdiction to hear the plaintiff’s application for
additional interlocutory relief because s 15(3) of the 1981 UK Act was
inapplicable (at 588C–E):

Where the line is to be drawn between applications which are ancillary to the
exercise by the Court of Appeal of its appellate jurisdiction and applications
which are free-standing first instance applications may be difficult to draw.
It may be a matter of degree. In the present case, the proposed application by
the plaintiff to apply for additional relief in order to protect its share of
future payments of royalties that may be received by the third defendant from
Nintendo is clearly, in my opinion, on the wrong side of the jurisdictional
line. It is not ancillary to any appeal. An application to discharge an ex
parte injunction on the ground that the plaintiff's cause of action is
insufficiently substantial to justify the grant of the injunction also, in my
opinion, falls on the wrong side of the line. It is not ancillary to an order
allowing an appeal against a first instance refusal of the injunction.

73 We agree with Scott LJ’s comments. If an appeal has been validly commenced
in this court, an application may be made to this court if the application is
incidental to the hearing and determination of the appeal. We accept that the
line between a free-standing and incidental application is potentially
difficult to draw. The precise contours of the line to be drawn can only be
determined on a case by case basis.

74 The question of whether the incidental appellate jurisdiction of this court
was invoked did not arise on the facts of this case. Counsel for the AGC
contended that their O 57 r 16(3) application was in actuality an appeal. As
we have already explained, an O 57 r 16(3) application is not an appeal. There
was no appeal before this court; there cannot therefore be anything incidental
to a non-existent appeal.

75 An O 57 r 16(3) application may be validly made if and only if the
application is pursuant to the incidental appellate jurisdiction of the court.
We turn now to the two cases raised by the _White Book_ (see above at [67]).

76 The English Court of Appeal decision of _Cropper v Smith_ (1883) 24 ChD 305
concerned an application to stay an assessment of damages hearing pending an
appeal. The application was initially refused by the court below. The
applicant renewed his application before the Court of Appeal. Brett MR held
that (at 308-309):

By that rule it is assumed that the Court of Appeal has jurisdiction, and to
my mind, according to the true reading of that rule, not a jurisdiction by way
of appeal merely, but an independent jurisdiction, …

Then in order that the Court of Appeal and the Court below may not incur the
risk of deciding in different ways as to staying proceedings without either of
them knowing of the application to the other the rule imposes this limitation,
that although the jurisdiction is co-ordinate, and although it is alternative,
yet the Court of Appeal will not exercise its jurisdiction until it knows
whether the co-ordinate jurisdiction of the Divisional Court has been
exercised and how. …

77 These comments must be read in light of the statutory provisions then in
force. The relevant part of s 19 of the 1873 UK Act reads as follows:

…

For all the purposes of and incidental to the hearing and determination of any
appeal within its jurisdiction, and the amendment, execution and enforcement
of any judgment or order made on any such appeal, and for the purpose of every
other authority expressly given to the Court of Appeal by this Act, _the Court
of Appeal shall have the power, authority and_** _jurisdiction_** _by this Act
vested in the High Court of Justice._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

It is clear that Brett MR’s reference to the “independent jurisdiction” of the
English Court of Appeal is a reference to, in our terminology, the
_incidental_ appellate jurisdiction of the court.

78 The English Court of Appeal decision of _Brown v Brook_ (1902) 86 LT 373 is
similar. The plaintiff appealed against a decision by Ridley J, and applied to
the Court of Appeal for a stay of execution. The plaintiff did not first apply
to the court below because Ridley J was “away on circuit”. The Court of Appeal
held that it had the jurisdiction to hear the plaintiff’s application, but did
not indicate the source of the jurisdiction. In our view the source of the
court’s jurisdiction was s 19 of the 1873 UK Act, and is properly
characterised as _incidental_ appellate jurisdiction.

Conclusion

79 OS 1175/2013 was therefore dismissed with no order as to costs. Counsel for
Alex Au, Mr Peter Low (“Mr Low”), asked for costs at the conclusion of
proceedings. We declined to do so because we did not hear OS 59/2014; Mr Low
did not participate in proceedings before us and did not raise any of the
legal issues considered above.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

