Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tech-System Design & Contract (S) Pte Ltd _v_ WYWY Investments Pte Ltd  
[2014] SGHC 57

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 785 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 March 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Chay Pin Victor (Chambers Law LLP) for the plaintiff;
Tay Wei Heng Terence (Terence Tay) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tech-System Design & Contract (S) Pte Ltd — WYWY Investments Pte
Ltd  
  
31 March 2014|  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 The defendant is a property developer. On 29 October 2009 it engaged the
plaintiff as its main contractor for the development of three blocks of
apartments at Oei Tiong Ham Park. Under the main contract, the plaintiff was
required to and did provide two performance bonds for the sum of $988,888.80
(10% of the total contract price) in lieu of a deposit as security for
performance of its obligations.

2 A dispute arose between the parties, which was subsequently referred to
arbitration. Arbitration had not yet begun when on 14 August 2013 the
defendant issued demands to the insurer for the total amount of the
performance bonds. The plaintiff claimed the calls were unconscionable and
filed this application for an injunction to restrain the defendant from
calling on the performance bonds “until the determination or outcome of the
arbitration hereto”.

3 I heard the application on 1 November 2013 and dismissed it the same day
with costs of $10,000 to the defendant. On 5 November 2013 the plaintiff wrote
in to request for further arguments to be made. I agreed and heard the
plaintiff’s further arguments on 20 January 2014 but saw no reason to disturb
my earlier decision.

4 I thereupon dismissed the application and awarded costs of the hearing of
$4,000 to the defendant. The plaintiff has now appealed and these are the
grounds for my decision.

Background to the dispute

5 Under cl 41 of the main contract, the plaintiff was required to pay 10% of
the contract price to the defendant as security deposit for the due
performance and observation of its obligations under the contract. In lieu of
the security deposit, the plaintiff procured two performance bonds from EQ
Insurance Company (“the insurer”): the first, for the sum of $542,128.80 was
dated 16 November 2009; and the second dated 4 February 2010 was for the
remaining sum of $446,760, for a total of $988,888.80.

6 The plaintiff commenced work under the main contract in November 2009. The
original completion date was set for 3 July 2011. However, in the course of
excavation works, there was an incident of soil slippage which resulted in the
Building and Construction Authority (“the BCA”) issuing a stop work order on
15 January 2010. On 14 September 2010, the stop work order was lifted and work
was recommenced and completed in January 2012.

7 Following two inspections by the BCA, a temporary occupation permit was
finally issued on 13 August 2012.

8 There were two main areas of dispute between the parties.

9 The first involved the defendant’s entitlement to liquidated damages under
the main contract. This was stated to run at a rate of $6,000 a day beyond the
original completion date unless an extension of time was granted. The
plaintiff made a first application for extension of time on 8 May 2011 and
continued to make further applications as work progressed.

10 In the event, on 10 July 2013, the architect informed the plaintiff that he
was unable to assess several of the plaintiff’s applications for extension of
time. An extension of only 56 days was granted in the end. This meant a total
of 351 days of delay not covered by extensions of time and according to the
defendant, this rendered the plaintiff liable to about $2.1m in liquidated
damages. The plaintiff claimed that the architect had wrongly failed to
consider its applications for extensions of time.

11 The second source of dispute was the plaintiff’s obligations under the main
contract to remedy defects that arose during the one-year defects liability
period. This period expired on 13 August 2013. The architect arranged for a
site inspection on 2 August 2013 for the purpose of ascertaining the defects
that had to be rectified.

12 The plaintiff claimed that on that day no inspection was carried out and it
was presented with a _fait accompli_ in the form of a list of 567 items of
allegedly defective works. The plaintiff’s main complaint was that in failing
to carry out the site inspection the architect had compromised his
professional independence; in any case, the list of defects would have cost
only $14,676 to rectify. The defendant on the other hand claimed the defects
would cost $22,000 and further that this was a gross underestimation based
only on an incomplete survey.

13 These two disputes were to be referred to arbitration pursuant to cl 37(1)
of the main contract. However the defendant said it was still entitled to call
on the performance bonds because it was claiming from the plaintiff more than
the sum secured by the bonds. The relevant clauses (cll 5) in the terms of the
two performance bonds were materially the same and stated that the insurer
was:

… obliged to effect the payment in full forthwith or the direction within 30
business days of our receipt thereof [of a demand on the bond], without
requiring any proof that your entitlement to such sum or sums under the
Contract or that the Contractor has failed to execute the Contract or is
otherwise in breach of the Contract, and notwithstanding the existence of any
differences or disputes between yourself and the Contractor arising under or
out of or in connection with the Contract or the carrying out of work
thereunder or as to any amount or amounts payable thereunder and
notwithstanding that such differences or disputes have been referred to
arbitration or are the subject of proceedings in Court or is in the midst of
any other means of dispute resolution or any request or instruction which may
have been given to us by the Contractor not to effect the payment.

14 It was not disputed that pursuant to cl 5 the defendant was entitled to
call on the bonds and the insurer had the corresponding obligation to pay on
them “without requiring any proof” as to the defendant’s entitlement to such
sums.

Issues before the court and parties’ arguments

15 The sole issue in this case was whether the defendant’s call on the
performance bonds was unconscionable. Unconscionability has been held to
include the elements of abuse, unfairness and dishonesty and the applicant for
equitable relief has to establish this to the high threshold of a strong
_prima facie_ case: _BS Mount Sophia Pte Ltd v Join-Aim Pte Ltd_ [2012] 3 SLR
352 (“ _BS Mount Sophia_ ”) at [19]–[21].

16 The plaintiff said the call was unconscionable for the following three
broad reasons:

(a) The architect had wrongly failed to grant extension of time because:

(i) he had been unduly pressured by the defendant; if extensions had been
given as was clearly warranted, the plaintiff was owed about $1.4m being the
final contract price less the sums already paid out;

(ii) The plaintiff was under the impression that extensions of time would be
granted because the defendant had consistently deducted 10% of the liquidated
damages they were entitled to at each progress payment which induced the
plaintiff to complete the works and which had given the plaintiff the
impression that the defendant would not be insisting on the full amount of
liquidated damages or would accept or approve extensions of time in regard
thereof;

(iii) The plaintiff completed variation works even after the original date of
completion and without a formal order or agreement on extension of time which
had resulted in further delays, in the expectation that the extensions of time
would be forthcoming;

(b) The defendant’s conduct in claiming for over 500 defects to be rectified
in the defect liability period was unconscionable because:

(i) The defendant had not come up with any evidence to support its claim that
it was due more than $22,000 as the cost of rectifying the defects that arose
during the one-year defects liability period;

(ii) Further the architect had wrongly failed to carry out site inspections to
ascertain the extent of the alleged defects.

(c) The plaintiff further said that if the defendant was not enjoined from
calling on the performance bonds it would meet financial ruin and be penalised
for acting on good faith, so that it would be unable to make a claim for the
sum of $1.4m which it said was owed by the defendant.

17 The defendant said the call could not be unconscionable because:

(a) It claimed to be owed more than the amount secured by the performance
bonds and it was therefore entitled to call on them;

(b) The defendant said that the final contract sum after variations amounted
to $10,322,371.54; a total of $9,200,159.11 had already been paid to the
plaintiff but this had to be set off against liquidated damages of $2,106,000
and cost of rectification of at least $22,000. The net result was that the
defendant was owed $983,787.57 and this was not inclusive of rectification
costs which, the defendant said, had yet to be finally ascertained;

(c) The performance bonds were contractual documents that represented
obligations as between the issuer and the defendant and could not be affected
by any dispute under the main contract;

(d) While the plaintiff has disputed the amount owed to the defendant, this
dispute was to be arbitrated which would result in a final reckoning between
the parties and the plaintiff was in any case not serious about proceeding to
arbitration;

(e) There was a bare allegation of unconscionability that was not made out by
the plaintiff.

My decision

18 As I have stated the parties did not dispute that under the terms of the
bonds the defendant could call on them on demand. The sole issue was whether
the plaintiff was able to make out a strong _prima facie_ case that there was
unconscionable conduct such that an injunction should be granted. In this
regard, I was bound to consider thoroughly the entire context of the case,
“and it is only if the entire context of the case is particularly malodorous
that such an injunction should be granted”: _BS Mount Sophia_ at [21].

19 Having thoroughly considered the entire context of the plaintiff’s case, I
was unable to come to the conclusion that the defendant’s conduct was in bad
faith, abusive, dishonest or in any way unconscionable.

The failure to grant extension of time

20 On the first disputed issue, the architect’s failure to grant extension of
time, Mr Soh Chee Chye (“Mr Soh”), project director of the plaintiff, averred
that under the architect’s instructions he had carried out a substantial
amount of variation works even before he received written instructions or an
extension of time to carry out those works, and that he had trusted the
architect to “do the right thing” when he came to apply eventually for an
extension of time.[note: 1] Mr Soh said that he had provided the necessary
supporting documents in his applications for extension of time and that the
architect was wrong in stating that he was unable to assess the application
for deficiencies in the information provided. Mr Soh further claimed that the
architect subsequently confided to him that he, the architect, had been
pressured by the defendant not to grant any extension of time.[note: 2]

21 I was not satisfied that the plaintiff had made out a strong _prima facie_
case that there was anything unconscionable with regard to the extension of
time issue. The architect’s letter to Mr Soh dated 10 July 2013 explained in
detail why extension of time was not granted:

We had advised you that the information submitted in your claims [for
extension of time] has been insufficient to demonstrate critical delay.
Further, you have been advised on the necessary information required to assist
us in Mr Timmons’ email dated 27 May 2013.

Your latest submission does not contain the required information as set out in
points 1 to 3 of Mr Timmons’ email.

Despite several opportunities given to you, you are still unable to
demonstrate how the events have caused critical delay to the Contract
Completion Date. We regret to inform you that we are unable to assess your
[extension of time] application.[note: 3]

22 Taking this at face value, I was unable to see how the letter demonstrated
unconscionable or dishonest or abusive conduct. Mr Soh’s claims that the
architect told him that he was being pressured not to grant extension of time
were entirely hearsay and could not go towards making out a _strong prima
facie_ case. The Court of Appeal’s guidance in _BS Mount Sophia_ at [47]
should be recalled here:

In this regard, it would be preferable if the entire context had been
considered in the proceedings below. As mentioned above, the examination is
merely a _prima facie_ one, and a consideration of the disputes between the
parties does not necessitate a substantive determination of them.

23 There was therefore no call on me to go into a substantive determination of
the issues between the parties which would be better left to the pending
arbitration, or failing which a proper trial where the witnesses may be called
and their evidence tested.

24 In _BS Mount Sophia_ the Court of Appeal found unconscionable conduct on
the basis that on the evidence before it the beneficiary of the bond had
failed to allege any delay that would have entitled it to liquidated damages
and further there was some evidence that there was backdating of the
completion date so as to entitle the beneficiary to liquidated damages that
formed the basis for the call.

25 In the present case I was shown a number of architect’s directions[note: 4]
that attested, at least on a _prima facie_ level, to the fact that the delay
had been brought to the plaintiff’s attention numerous times even before the
actual completion of the works. The plaintiff also claimed that one Mr Kevin
Timmons had been improperly appointed to assist the architect to evaluate the
extension of time. I could not agree. As I have said the plaintiff was
required to show a strong _prima facie_ case of abuse or dishonesty. All that
was before me was a bare allegation that Mr Timmons’ appointment was improper
and this could never be sufficient.

26 Therefore, on a _prima facie_ examination of all the evidence that the
plaintiff relied on to prove his case on this point, I was quite unable to
make out any unconscionable conduct on the part of the defendant. I was
satisfied that the defendant’s claim for liquidated damages was not so
obviously abusive or dishonest as to be unconscionable but I should add that
my comments in this regard should not be taken as having any bearing on the
merits of the parties’ cases on this, which, as I have said, should be finally
determined in another and more suitable forum.

The alleged defects

27 On the second issue, the defects liability period, the plaintiff’s case was
that the defects were minor but that (a) no site inspection had been carried
to ascertain the defects and (b) the defendant was attempting to show that the
plaintiff’s work was so unacceptable as to have over 500 items of defects. I
was unable to see why either could be regarded as unconscionable.

28 On the first point, the bulk of the defendant’s claim against the plaintiff
was for liquidated damages. True it was that it had reserved its right to
claim a larger amount for the defects but even without this, the amount
claimed would have been around the sum total assured under the performance
bonds. Even if the defendant’s conduct in this regard was unconscionable, it
would not in my judgment have had the effect of rendering the calls
unconscionable or justifying limiting the call to a partial call (see _Eltraco
International Pte Ltd v CGH Development Pte Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 198).

29 On the second point, I noted that the defendant had never in the present
proceedings ever made the claim that the long list of defects showed that the
plaintiff’s work was seriously unacceptable. The defendant’s case, which I
agreed with, was that the extent of the defects and the cost of their
rectification were issues that would be finally determined at the arbitration
between the parties.

30 At the present stage, based on a _prima facie_ examination of the evidence,
I was unable to find that there was anything unconscionable or any sign of any
dishonest or abusive conduct in the way the claim for defects was brought
about. It did not seem that there was a site inspection on the date in
question but this by itself without more could not constitute abusive or
dishonest behaviour. I emphasise that the totality of the evidence should be
reviewed and on doing so I was unable to agree with the plaintiff.

The plaintiff’s claim for $1.4m

31 Finally, the plaintiff claimed that contrary to the defendant’s assertion
that it was owed about $1m by the plaintiff, it was the plaintiff that was
owed $1.4m. The plaintiff’s calculations were as follows: the adjusted final
contract sum was for $10,369,130.70 and from this was to be deducted the sum
of $9,115,419.19 already paid by the defendant to the plaintiff. But to this
was to be added the sum of $174,000 that, the plaintiff claimed, was wrongly
deducted by the defendant from interim payments on account of the liquidated
damages due to late completion.

32 The defendant had a competing account which showed that it was instead owed
$983,787.57. The defendant said the adjusted final contract sum was
$10,322,371.54, and less net payments already made to the plaintiff of
$9,200,159.11 and total liquidated damages owing of $2,106,000, there was a
deficit of $983,787.57 due to the defendant from the plaintiff. The defendant
said further that this was not even taking into account rectification costs
for the defects which it said could be significant.

33 There was some documentary evidence for each of their accounts but it was
apparent to me that the main source of the discrepancy between the two was the
issue of the liquidated damages. I have said that the plaintiff was unable to
make out a case that the defendant’s claims on this point were unconscionable.
Therefore, on balance, I was not able to find that the defendant’s accounts
were false or fraudulent or so obviously wrong on a surface examination as to
constitute unconscionable conduct.

34 In further arguments, the plaintiff said that even accepting the
defendant’s accounts, there should have been a further deduction of $174,000
on the basis that the defendant’s account above did not take this into
account; therefore the total amount claimed by the defendant should be limited
to $725,047.65 instead of $983,787.57.

35 In my judgment, there was no apparent evidence before me, let alone to the
level of a strong _prima facie_ case, that there was in fact double counting
that would justify limiting the call to a partial call on the performance
bonds. This was because the defendant exhibited a letter from the quantity
surveyor stating that there was a deduction of $174,000 made from payments to
the plaintiff for the liquidated damages. Therefore the fact of the deduction
was acknowledged by the defendant. It was not clear to me whether the net
payments of $9,200,159.11 (see [25] above) included this sum of $174,000 but
on balance I was not persuaded that there was a strong _prima facie_ case that
the defendant had not taken it into account.

36 I would add that a situation such as the present would be precisely the
kind of situation envisaged when the parties contracted for performance bonds
to be provided. A performance bond is “security for the secondary obligation
of the obligor to pay damages if it breaches its primary contractual
obligations to the beneficiary”: per Chan Sek Keong CJ in _JBE Properties Pte
Ltd v Gammon Pte Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR 47 at [10]. If there were disputes arising,
the beneficiary of a performance bond would have security for its claim. It
would generally be entitled, of course subject to the terms of the performance
bond, to call on the bond to assure itself of the sum that it was claiming.
Save for unconscionable conduct on the part of the beneficiary, its
entitlement should generally be respected and enforced and indeed the parties
had contracted for that entitlement to be protected. When the dispute was
finally determined either in arbitration or litigation, the obligor might be
entitled to compensation for its losses if it was found that in the result the
beneficiary of the bond was not entitled to the amount that it had received.

37 I should add that even if the beneficiary was mistaken in adopting the
position that it was entitled to a certain sum thus justifying a call on a
performance bond, the call would still be legitimate so long as the position
was genuinely adopted and the beneficiary honestly believed that the obligor
was in breach of its obligations: _BS Mount Sophia_ at [52]. As the Court of
Appeal noted, “It is not the court’s role in such proceedings to appraise the
merits of the parties’ decisions; but, rather, it is the court’s role to be
alive to the lack of bona fides in those decisions.” In the present case, even
if I was wrong in my assessment of the evidence above, I would add that I did
not find any evidence that went to showing a lack of _bona fides_ on the part
of the defendant.

38 The plaintiff also protested long and hard that the calls by the defendants
put it into a very difficult financial position such that it would be unable
to prosecute a claim for $1.4m which it said was owed to it by the defendant.
Mr Soh averred that:

This is the biggest project which the Plaintiffs have undertaken so far. All
their financial resources are thrown into the Works. The Defendants are well
aware that by calling on the Performance Bonds, totalling $988,888.80, the
Plaintiffs would be ruined and they would not then have the means to recover
the balance sum of S$1,427,711.51, which the Defendants clearly owes to the
Plaintiffs.[note: 5]

39 In my judgment the financial hardship alleged by the plaintiff could not be
relevant. No doubt an obligor might be put to liquidity issues by a call on a
bond, as the plaintiff in this case was claiming. That was why a court would
enjoin calls made in bad faith or which were in any case unconscionable. But,
as the Court of Appeal noted in _BS Mount Sophia_ at [39], “it is a fact of
commercial life that the tide of liquidity needs to wash both ways, and
financial droughts can be equally detrimental to both the beneficiary and the
obligor.” A beneficiary should not be prevented from calling on a bond simply
because this resulted in hardship to the obligor.

40 As I have said, if in the final analysis the beneficiary was not entitled
to that full amount, the obligor might depending on its arrangements with the
insurer be able to claim for the overpayment; however a performance bond was
sought precisely because there was a chance that the obligor would not be good
for its secondary obligation to pay damages for breach of contract.

41 Whether a party was actually entitled to those damages, that decision would
come only after the dispute was finally determined in arbitration or
litigation. In the interim, hardship claimed by the obligor could not be used
as a ground to prevent a beneficiary who was otherwise entitled to call on a
performance bond from doing so. The inquiry focused on the _beneficiary’s_
alleged unconscionable conduct rather than the effect on the _obligor_.

42 For completeness I should add that the defendant argued that the plaintiff
had brought this action in bad faith because it had stalled the progress of
the pending arbitration between the same parties and therefore demonstrated no
real intention to proceed to arbitration. The defendant said that the
plaintiff had filed the notice of arbitration merely to found a basis for
commencing this action and therefore this application was an abuse of process.

43 The doctrine of unclean hands is of course a ground to deny equitable
relief but I was not persuaded that the plaintiff had brought this application
in bad faith. On 29 August 2013, the plaintiff sent a notice of arbitration to
the defendant. On 26 September 2013, the defendant replied to propose two
arbitrators to the plaintiff and requested a response within 28 days. The
plaintiff has not replied but counsel for the plaintiff assured me during the
hearings that it was proceeding on the arbitration with all due despatch.
Based simply on this evidence before me I was unable to conclude that the
plaintiff was abusing the court’s process and I therefore declined to make any
finding on the issue.

Conclusion

44 For the reasons above I found that the defendant was entitled to call on
the performance bonds and that the plaintiff was not entitled to an injunction
because it was unable to show that the defendant’s conduct was unconscionable.

45 I awarded the defendant fixed costs at each hearing: $10,000 for the first
hearing and $4,000 for the hearing on further arguments.

* * *

[note: 1]Para 16 of Soh Chee Chye’s 1st affidavit of 29 August 2013

[note: 2]Para 43–45 of Soh Chee Chye’s 1st affidavit of 29 August 2013

[note: 3]P 246 of Soh Chee Chye’s 1st affidavit of 29 August 2013

[note: 4]Para 44–49 of Tan Puay Leng’s 1st affidavit dated 23 September 2013

[note: 5]Para 72 of Soh Chee Chye’s 1st affidavit of 29 August 2013

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Mar 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

