Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Geyabalan s/o K Ramiah and another _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 173

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal Nos 13 and 14 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 September 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  See Kee Oon JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  K Mathialahan (Guna & Associates) for the appellant in
Magistrate's Appeal No 13 of 2014; Subhas Anandan, Sunil Sudheesan and Diana
Ngiam (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for the appellant in Magistrate's Appeal No
14 of 2014; Zhong Zewei and Chloe Lee (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Geyabalan s/o K Ramiah and another — Public Prosecutor  
  
4 September 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
See Kee Oon JC:

Introduction

1 These are related appeals by the appellants against the decision of the
District Judge (“the trial judge”) convicting them on various charges of
theft. The trial judge’s grounds of decision are reported in _Public
Prosecutor v Geyabalan s/o K Ramiah and Another_ [2014] SGDC 41 (“the GD”).

2 Geyabalan s/o K Ramiah (“Geyabalan”) and Nagas s/o Arumugam (“Nagas”)
(collectively, “the Appellants”) were alleged to have stolen gold jewellery
from passengers’ bags while on duty as baggage handlers at Changi Airport.
They were charged with various counts of theft and disposing stolen property,
and claimed trial to their respective charges. At the end of their joint
trial, they were each found guilty of four charges of theft and acquitted of
the rest of the charges against them. Geyabalan was sentenced to a total of
six months’ imprisonment. Nagas was sentenced to a total of eight months’
imprisonment. Geyabalan now appeals against his conviction whereas Nagas
appeals against both his conviction and sentence.

Background facts

3 The Appellants were previously employed as baggage handlers in the Budget
Terminal at Changi Airport. The Appellants belonged to the same team of
baggage handlers, comprising the Appellants, one Selvakumar s/o Kanniappan
(“Selvakumar”), one Ashley Francis (“Francis”), and one Neo Thiam Chye. Nagas
was the team leader or “skipper”. Their job was to load passengers’ baggage
into the cargo holds of planes.

4 On various dates in 2010 and 2011, there were complaints made by numerous
passengers who had travelled on Tiger Airways flights from Singapore to India
that the jewellery in their check-in luggage had gone missing. On 14 September
2011, the police seized a number of jewellery from “Soon Hong” pawnshop
located at Block 118 Rivervale Drive, #01-14 (“the Pawnshop”), which had been
pawned under Nagas’ name. Some of these jewellery were subsequently identified
as belonging to the passengers who had travelled on Tiger Airways flights and
who had reported missing jewellery.

5 The Appellants were charged with various counts of theft and disposing
stolen property. Geyabalan claimed trial to eight charges of theft under s 379
read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”).
Nagas claimed trial to six charges of theft under s 379 read with s 34 of the
Penal Code and three charges of voluntarily assisting in the disposal of
stolen property under s 414(1) of the Penal Code. For ease of reference, Annex
A below sets out a table with the details of the proceeded charges.

The evidence in the proceedings below

6 The Prosecution called a total of 18 witnesses. Ten of these witnesses were
passengers who had travelled on Tiger Airways flights from Singapore to India
and whose jewellery in their check-in luggage had gone missing (collectively,
“the Complainants”). Other witnesses included a representative of the
Pawnshop, the ramp service manager who supervised the baggage handlers at the
Budget Terminal, and various police officers who had been involved in the
seizure of the jewellery from the Pawnshop and the investigation of the case.
The key Prosecution witness was Selvakumar (“PW9”) who testified as to the
Appellants’ involvement in the alleged thefts. PW9 had earlier pleaded guilty
to a charge of theft and another charge of criminal misappropriation, with six
other charges taken into consideration, and was sentenced to a total of two
months and three weeks’ imprisonment. Francis had also earlier pleaded guilty
to one charge of theft, with two similar charges taken into consideration, and
was sentenced to nine weeks’ imprisonment. However, Francis did not give
evidence at the Appellants’ trial because he had been deported back to
Malaysia after serving his sentence.

7 The Prosecution presented four main strands of evidence. First, there was
PW9’s testimony that he had acted together with the Appellants and Francis in
committing thefts of jewellery from passengers’ baggage while they were on
duty as baggage handlers at the Budget Terminal. PW9 testified that each theft
was committed pursuant to a prior agreement between all of them and was a
joint effort which involved at least three or four team members. According to
PW9, Nagas was the mastermind who coordinated the thefts from the ground while
he, Geyabalan, and Francis removed the jewellery from the baggage. The three
of them would then pass the stolen items to Nagas, who would arrange for the
jewellery to be brought out of the airport, pawn off the jewellery, and pay
part of the proceeds to the other two or three accomplices. PW9 also said that
he had personally witnessed Francis and Geyabalan taking items from
passengers’ baggage. However, PW9 could not recall or identify on which dates
and which flights the alleged thefts took place, and what jewellery was
stolen.

8 Second, the Complainants gave evidence that the jewellery in their check-in
luggage for Tiger Airways flights from Singapore to India had been stolen .
They described how they were able to identify some of their missing jewellery
among the items that were seized from the Pawnshop and how they had acquired
those pieces of jewellery. Some of the Complainants produced receipts proving
the purchase of the jewellery which they had lost and/or photographs showing
themselves or their family members wearing the said jewellery.

9 Third, records from the Pawnshop and the testimony of the representative
from the Pawnshop showed that the jewellery seized from the Pawnshop were
indeed pawned by Nagas. According to the Prosecution, the proximity in time
between the alleged thefts, the dates on which the items were pawned, and the
items which were pawned together on each occasion, further corroborated the
Appellants’ guilt.

10 Fourth, the Prosecution adduced the attendance records kept by the
Appellants’ employer which showed that the Appellants were on duty and
assigned to the corresponding flights which involved jewellery from
passengers’ check-in luggage being stolen.

11 Both Appellants denied the charges against them and testified that they had
not committed any theft of jewellery from passengers’ baggage. They said that
PW9 had falsely implicated them. However, they could not point to any motive
for doing so. In Nagas’ case, he further denied the allegations that the
pawned jewellery were stolen. Nagas testified that all the jewellery pawned by
him at the Pawnshop belonged to him and his wife, which they kept as a
“reserve” and would pawn whenever they needed cash. Further, Nagas said that
he was absent from work on two dates (_viz_ , 14 and 16 April 2010) on which
thefts were alleged to have taken place as he was on medical leave; it was
therefore not possible for him to have committed theft on those two dates.

12 The Defence also called a third witness, Staff Sergeant Sujantha
(“Sujantha”), to give evidence. Sujantha’s evidence primarily related to a
statement she recorded from PW9 on 14 September 2011 at the Airport Police
Division (“D5”). In the statement, PW9 expressly stated that Nagas was not
involved in the thefts. PW9 recanted from this position in his later
statements to the police as well as on the witness stand. PW9 said that he had
lied in his earlier statement D5 because he feared that Nagas would do
something to his family, and also because Sujantha had taken the statement in
a threatening manner. Against this, Sujantha’s evidence was that she had never
threatened PW9 in any way during the recording of the statement.

The decision below

13 On 7 November 2013, the trial judge convicted the Appellants on four
charges of theft each and granted an acquittal for the rest of the charges.
Geyabalan was convicted on the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 6th charges, and given a
discharge amounting to an acquittal for the 4th, 5th, 7th, and 8th charges.
Nagas was convicted on the 9th, 10th, 11th, and 12th charges, and given a
discharge amounting to an acquittal for the 2nd, 3rd, 8th, 13th, and 14th
charges.

14 For the charges on which the Appellants were convicted, the trial judge was
satisfied that the direct and circumstantial evidence adduced by the
Prosecution was sufficient to establish the Appellants’ guilt beyond a
reasonable doubt. First, the trial judge was satisfied that the evidence of
the Complainants were reliable as they were able to identify the jewellery
recovered from the Pawnshop as belonging to them. A proper procedure was also
undertaken for the purpose of identifying the jewellery. Second, the trial
judge found that PW9 was a “credible and reliable” witness and accepted his
evidence that he, Francis, and the Appellants would usually commit the thefts
together. Third, the trial judge considered documentary evidence such as the
pawn tickets and the records of the Pawnshop which showed that Nagas had
pawned the items identified by the Complainants as being those that were
stolen from them. He also considered cthe attendance records of the baggage
handlers and the clock-in cards of the Appellants which proved that the
Appellants were present for work on some of the dates when the thefts were
alleged to have taken place.

15 As for the charges on which the Appellants were acquitted, these charges
related to dates on which the attendance records showed that either Nagas or
PW9 was not present at work. The Appellants were therefore acquitted of these
charges since there was doubt as to whether the alleged thefts on those dates
had taken place.

16 On 21 January 2014, the trial judge sentenced Geyabalan to three months’
imprisonment on each of the four theft charges with two of the sentences to
run consecutively, resulting in a total sentence of six months’ imprisonment.
Nagas was sentenced to four months’ imprisonment on each of the four theft
charges with two of the sentences to run consecutively, resulting in a total
sentence of eight months’ imprisonment. The trial judge accepted the
Prosecution’s submission that the sentencing principle of general deterrence
applied in this case since the offences had caused distress and inconvenience
to the victims, and since such offences would damage Singapore’s reputation as
an international aviation hub. The trial judge also considered the following
aggravating factors: (1) there was premeditation as the Appellants would
discuss and plan with PW9 and Francis before embarking on their crime; (2) the
offences took place over a substantial period of time (between 2010 and 2011);
(3) the Appellants had breached the trust placed in them as baggage handlers;
and (4) the value of the items was substantial and some of the items had
sentimental value. Finally, the trial judge took into account the sentences
which had been imposed on the Appellants’ accomplices, PW9 and Francis, the
fact that the Appellants had claimed trial, as well as the Appellants’
respective roles in the offences.

The appeals

17 Before me, both of the Appellants raised several grounds of appeal against
their respective convictions. Geyabalan argued that the Prosecution had not
proven its case beyond a reasonable doubt for the charges on which he was
convicted since there is no evidence to show that he had removed the jewellery
from the baggage on the dates specified in the charges or that he was linked
to the pawning of the jewellery. He also submitted that PW9 is not a reliable
witness and that the trial judge had erred by giving excessive weight to PW9’s
evidence. Moreover, the trial judge had erred in not giving due consideration
to the possibility that the thefts could have been committed by persons other
than the Appellants, such as the additional workers who were often deployed to
assist them in their baggage-handling duties.

18 Nagas similarly argued that the trial judge had erred in relying on PW9’s
evidence. PW9’s evidence contains material discrepancies such as the
discrepancy between his statement D5, which does not mention Nagas’
involvement, and his later statements, which implicate Nagas. He also argued
that the trial judge had erred in relying on the evidence of the Complainants
to convict him as the trial judge did not consider the possibility that the
items identified by the Complainants could simply be similar to those owned by
Nagas. Further, Nagas submitted that the trial judge had erred in rejecting
the Appellants’ evidence and other circumstantial evidence in favour of the
Appellants, such as Nagas’ conduct _vis-à-vis_ the pawning of the jewellery,
which is consistent with his plea of innocence.

19 In contrast, the Prosecution’s position is that the trial judge was
justified in relying on the evidence of the Complainants and PW9, who is a
credible and consistent witness. The Prosecution argued that the direct
evidence of the Complainants and PW9, taken together with the circumstantial
evidence of the records from the Pawnshop and the attendance records, form an
interlocking chain of evidence that point inexorably to the Appellants’
involvement in the thefts. Although PW9 was unable to recall the precise dates
on which each piece of jewellery was stolen, it is the evidence in totality,
rather than PW9’s evidence in isolation, which establishes the Appellants’
guilt.

20 Nagas also appeals against his sentence of eight months’ imprisonment,
which he argued is manifestly excessive.

21 The key question that arises for determination in the present appeals is
whether the Prosecution has proven its case beyond a reasonable doubt. In
answering this question, it is imperative to examine the two main planks of
the Prosecution’s case, the evidence of the Complainants and PW9, which are
now in contention. It is not disputed by either of the Appellants that the
jewellery seized from the Pawnshop were indeed pawned by Nagas, or that the
Appellants were both on duty and assigned to the particular flights on the
dates the alleged thefts took place. This, however, is merely neutral evidence
and is necessary but insufficient to establish the Appellants’ guilt. In order
for the Appellants’ respective convictions to be upheld, the Prosecution needs
to establish the following beyond a reasonable doubt: (1) that PW9’s evidence
implicating the Appellants in the thefts is credible and compelling enough to
sustain the Appellants’ conviction; and (2) that the jewellery pawned by Nagas
are stolen property belonging to the Complainants.

22 I will therefore consider the evidence of PW9 and the Complainants in turn,
before dealing with the Appellants’ respective convictions.

Evidence of PW9

Observations on accomplice evidence, motive, and witness credibility

23 PW9 gave direct evidence that he, Francis, and the Appellants were jointly
involved in the thefts of jewellery from passengers’ baggage. As PW9 was
allegedly an accomplice of the Appellants, the trial judge considered the law
as to the treatment of evidence of accomplices as encapsulated in Illustration
(_b_) to s 116 and s 135 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). Those
provisions affirm the principle that the court may convict an accused based on
the uncorroborated evidence of an accomplice, but should still treat such
evidence with caution as the accomplice may, and not must, be presumed to be
unworthy of credit: _Kwang Boon Keong Peter v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 2
SLR(R) 211 at [29]; _Chua Poh Kiat Anthony v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 2
SLR(R) 342 at [15]. The trial judge was of the opinion that PW9 was a credible
witness notwithstanding the fact that he was an accomplice of the Appellants
since he had already been convicted and sentenced for his involvement in the
theft offences. There was also no evidence of any spite on the part of PW9
towards the Appellants.

24 This calls to mind the issue of which party bears the burden of proving a
motive (or lack thereof) on the part of a witness to falsely implicate an
accused person. In an oft-cited passage from the High Court case of _Khoo
Kwoon Hain v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 591, Yong Pung How CJ stated
(at [71]) that:

… The burden of proving a lack of motive to falsely implicate the appellant is
on the Prosecution. Even though the Prosecution was making a negative
assertion, the burden of proof is still on it. It is not for the defendant to
prove that the complainant had some reason to falsely accuse him. This is a
fact that would be wholly within the complainant’s knowledge and nobody
else’s. The Defence therefore cannot be expected to prove this. It would be a
circular argument to believe the complainant when she said that she had no
reason to falsely accuse the appellant, and then say from that that the
complainant is believed because she had no reason to falsely accuse the
appellant. …

25 While the passage above appears to imply that the burden of proof falls in
the first instance on the Prosecution to show a lack of motive on the part of
the witness to falsely implicate the accused person, it has been clarified in
subsequent cases that this is not exactly the position to be adopted. In _Goh
Han Heng v Public Prosecutor_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 374 at [33], Yong CJ clarified
that the above passage simply meant that:

… [W]here the accused can show that the complainant has a motive to false
implicate him, then the burden must fall on the Prosecution to disprove that
motive. This does not mean that the accused merely needs to allege that the
complainant has a motive to falsely implicate him. Instead, the accused must
adduce sufficient evidence of this motive so as to raise reasonable doubt in
the Prosecution’s case. Only then would the burden of proof shift to the
Prosecution to prove that there was no such motive. …

26 Therefore, as the law stands, the Defence first has to adduce sufficient
evidence of a motive on the part of the witness to frame the accused person
before the burden shifts to the Prosecution to disprove that motive: see _Gan
Too Cheh v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 220 at [23] and _XP v Public
Prosecutor_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 686 (“ _XP v PP_ ”) at [21]. However, if a trial
judge wishes to make a finding that a complainant or prosecution witness had
no reason to falsely implicate the accused person, the trial judge must base
such a finding on credible evidence. It is not sufficient for the trial judge
to rely only on the fact that the accused person cannot venture any reasons
why the complainant or witness would lie in court to falsely implicate him:
_Loo See Mei v Public Prosecutor_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 27 at [39].

27 In the present case, neither of the Appellants could point to any
particular reason why PW9 would want to falsely implicate them in the thefts.
Nevertheless, the trial judge considered the undisputed fact that PW9 had
already been convicted and had served his sentence in relation to the thefts.
Implicit in the trial judge’s decision was the conclusion that there was no
motive for PW9 to falsely implicate the Appellants. In the light of the
principles elucidated above, I am of the view that the trial judge was
entitled to arrive at such a finding.

28 However, that PW9 did not have a motive to falsely implicate the Appellants
does not necessarily mean that he did not in fact do so, or that his evidence
should be deemed credible or cogent. It cannot mean that his evidence should
be accepted wholesale. In other words, motive and conduct ought not to be
conflated. This point was succinctly made by V K Rajah JA in _XP v PP_ in the
context of allegations of collusion among complainants as follows (at [22]):

… _[W]hat really matters in the final analysis is whether it can be
established that the witness did or did not in fact falsely implicate the
accused. Motive and conduct remain legally distinct concepts and ought not to
be conflated._ The Prosecution can successfully rebut allegations of collusion
without having to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the witnesses in
question had no motive or reason to make a false complaint, if, for example,
there were independent eyewitnesses or other real evidence independently
establishing the truth of the complaint. If the witness could not possibly
have made a false complaint, then his motive is irrelevant. Conversely, a
finding that the witnesses in question had no motive to make a false complaint
would often (and not invariably) lead to the conclusion that they did not in
fact do so, but this in itself is not the determinative inquiry in considering
the possibility of collusion. [emphasis added]

29 The ultimate inquiry therefore relates to PW9’s credibility as a witness.
It is well-established that an appellate court should exercise restraint in
reviewing a trial judge’s assessment of a witness’ credibility since the trial
judge has had the benefit of observing the witness in court. However, a
favourable perception of his demeanour alone does not invariably immunise the
trial judge’s decision from appellate scrutiny. A witness may be observed to
have testified in a frank and forthright manner but if he cannot recall or
satisfactorily explain material facts and assertions, his credible demeanour
cannot overcome such deficiencies: _Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v Public
Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 (“ _Jagatheesan_ ”) at [41]; _XP v PP_ at [71].
Moreover, where the internal consistency of the content of the witness’
evidence or the external consistency between the content of the witness’
evidence and the extrinsic evidence is concerned, an appellate court is in as
good a position as the trial court to assess the reliability and veracity of
the witness’ evidence: see _Jagatheesan_ at [40], citing _Public Prosecutor v
Choo Thiam Hock_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 702 at [11].

30 In this case, the trial judge found PW9 to be honest and forthright in
giving his evidence in court and opined that he was a credible and reliable
witness. This finding by the trial judge appeared to be premised on a number
of matters, including his observation of PW9’s demeanour while PW9 was giving
evidence, PW9’s explanation as to why he had not mentioned Nagas’ involvement
in the statement D5, the fact that PW9 consistently maintained the involvement
of the Appellants, Francis, and himself in the thefts at the airport, and
PW9’s detailed description of the team’s _modus operandi_ for carrying out the
thefts.

31 In my view, however, there are a number of material deficiencies in PW9’s
evidence that were not or were not sufficiently dealt with by the trial judge,
and which cast significant doubts on both its veracity and sufficiency in
relation to the conviction of the Appellants. I shall elaborate on these
deficiencies in turn.

Inability to recall specific details of the offences

32 In the first place, PW9’s evidence is woefully lacking in specificity and
detail. He conceded time and again that he was unable to tell the court or
identify on which dates and which flights the alleged thefts took place and
what jewellery were stolen. In fact, PW9 said that he could not remember any
dates on which the alleged thefts had been committed even when the
investigation officer had asked him during the course of investigations. The
only incident which PW9 had any recollection of is the alleged theft of eight
gold bangles that took place on 11 January 2011; but even then, he said that
he only remembered the act of taking the eight gold bangles and not the time,
month, and year when this was committed.

33 In his statement D5 recorded on 14 September 2011, PW9 stated that he had
witnessed Geyabalan and Francis removing money and jewellery from passengers’
luggage on three occasions. However, when he was questioned on this statement
by defence counsel, he claimed not to remember the dates, times, or flights of
these three occasions, or how much money and jewellery they took. His answers
were ambivalent and even appeared to suggest that he did not know whether the
statement was true or false since he claimed that he might have made it out of
fear.

34 Notwithstanding that PW9 had pleaded guilty to the charges against him, it
appears that he was unable to recall any details pertaining to his commission
of the offences. He admitted that at the point in time when he pleaded guilty
and consented to have the charges against him taken into consideration, he
“couldn’t remember any of the details, the facts of the case and the items
stolen”. He explained his decision to plead guilty as follows:

A…Counsel asked me, you say there are 8 charges, did you commit them? I said I
have already admitted, I have already given statement, I have already signed
it. And I said, please fight for me---and please fight for me and he was
fighting this case for 1 year. While in the midst of fighting for my case he
told me, you don’t have the money to fight this case, so you admit, he told
me. So I admitted.

35 In relation to the _modus operandi_ of the alleged thefts, PW9’s evidence
is that the stolen jewellery could be taken out of the airport because
security screening was lax. However, this is inconsistent with the evidence of
other witnesses that the baggage handlers would have to go through a thorough
body search by a police officer after they completed their duties. PW9
maintained that during the period when he was working as a baggage handler, it
was not a practice to have the workers screened or checked. This, however, is
contradicted by Mr Roslan Abdul Rahman (“Roslan”), the ramp service manager
who was in charge of supervising Nagas’ team of baggage handlers. Roslan
testified that the practice from mid-2010 onwards was that an additional
police officer would be stationed below the cargo compartment, and there was a
requirement that the person who was doing the loading of the baggage had to
come down and report to the police officer and go through a thorough body
search. This is also the evidence of the Appellants. In my view, PW9’s
evidence does not sufficiently address how the team was able to carry out the
thefts despite these stringent security screenings.

Inconsistent evidence on the number and identity of accomplices

36 PW9’s evidence as to the number and identity of accomplices is also
inconsistent, particularly in relation to the question of whether all four of
them (_viz_ , PW9, Francis, and the Appellants) needed to be there in order
for the thefts to be committed. At various points, PW9 seemed to be certain
that all four of them needed to be there:

QNow Mr. Selvakumar, from what you know, were there any times when items were
stolen, when not all 4 of you were around, say maybe one or more was on leave,
not at work.

ATo do this you need 4 people and we will only do it if we 4 are there.

37 However, PW9 later testified that before Francis joined their team, a Malay
driver was involved in carrying out the thefts:

QSo before Francis joined the---you---you, [Geyabalan] and Nagas has never
done it by yourself? Yes or no? Have you done it or you have not done it?

AWe have, but---we have, but 4 people---4 people.

QWho are the 4?

AAt that time there was a shortage of 1 person. Then sometime there will be a
Malay driver. The Malay driver will be pulling the van. Nagas will be the
lookout. I and [Geyabalan] will do it upstairs.

38 PW9 had not mentioned the involvement of the Malay driver in any of his
statements. He said that he had told the police about this Malay driver but
later said that he had not told the police about the Malay driver because he
was not asked. Confusingly, PW9 also seemed to agree in re-examination that
before the Malay driver was involved, thefts were committed only by PW9 and
the Appellants.

39 PW9’s testimony that a theft could not be done alone and that all four
accomplices were needed to do it also does not sit well with the fact that he
had earlier pleaded guilty to a charge of dishonest misappropriation of an
envelope containing 60,000 Indian rupees for which no other accused persons
appeared to be involved. It appears from the charge and the statement of facts
that this offence was not committed by anyone else other than PW9. PW9 however
maintained under cross-examination that Francis, the Appellants, and himself
had done it together.

Discrepancies regarding Nagas’ involvement in the thefts

40 There is also some controversy regarding the statement D5, PW9’s first
police statement recorded by Sujantha (see [12] above). In that statement, PW9
had stated unequivocally that Nagas was not involved in the thefts. In PW9’s
later statements and on the stand, however, he recanted from this position. He
gave various reasons for his alleged initial untruthfulness and why he said
that Nagas was not involved. At certain points, PW9 said that he did not
mention Nagas out of fear that Nagas would “do something” and because he was
concerned with the safety of his wife and children. This explanation was
accepted by the trial judge. However, PW9 was not able to give a rational
explanation of why he was specifically afraid of Nagas, and conceded that
Nagas had never threatened him or any of his family members. At another point,
PW9 said that the statement D5 was taken by Sujantha in a “threatening manner”
and that she “kept threatening me to take the statements so I didn’t tell her
the truth”. Later, however, PW9 claimed that Sujantha had not threatened him.
Sujantha also testified that she had not threatened him in any way. To add to
the confusion, in the course of his cross-examination, PW9 said that he had
not mentioned Nagas’ name because it did not occur to him that he should
mention Nagas’ involvement when the statement was recorded. This appears to be
in direct contradiction to his earlier evidence that he had suppressed Nagas’
name out of fear.

41 Moreover, PW9’s testimony that Nagas had to be present for the thefts to be
committed does not comport with the undisputed fact that Nagas was on medical
leave on certain dates when the thefts were alleged to have taken place. When
PW9 was asked whether Nagas had been present on 14 and 16 April 2010 and had
committed thefts on those dates, PW9 said that this “could be [the case]” and
reiterated his evidence that they would only commit the thefts if Nagas was
there. PW9 had also admitted to having two charges taken into consideration in
respect of thefts on those dates. However, the attendance records show that
Nagas was absent from work on 14 and 16 April 2010 as he was on medical leave.
Although Nagas was acquitted of the charges in relation to theft committed on
these two dates, the discrepancy in PW9’s evidence in this respect simply
reinforces the inference that his evidence in respect of all the alleged
thefts is wholly unreliable.

Evidence of the Complainants

42 As for the evidence of the Complainants, I am not persuaded that this
establishes beyond a reasonable doubt that the jewellery pawned by Nagas at
the Pawnshop are indeed jewellery which belonged to the Complainants.
Reviewing their testimonies as well as the documentary evidence such as the
receipts of the Complainants and photographs of their family members wearing
the jewellery, I am prepared to accept that the Complainants had indeed owned
jewellery which they lost while travelling on their respective flights from
Singapore to India. The uncertainty, however, relates to the identification
process.

43 It was conceded by most of the Complainants that the jewellery identified
by them were not custom-made and did not have any special distinguishing
feature. It is therefore difficult to say for certain that the jewellery
identified by the Complainants are the _exact_ same jewellery that had been
found missing from their check-in luggage. One witness, for example, conceded
that the item he had identified was “similar” but not the same as the one he
had lost. Another witness who testified that he had lost eight gold bangles
from his check-in luggage conceded that the bangles he had identified had the
same design as those belonging to him but were not necessarily the same.
Another witness, Anita Nirmala Anthony Raj (“PW7”), identified a gold chain
with a pendant with an anchor design as belonging to her and stated that the
gold chain came with an inscription “MYS”, which stood for “Mayur Jewellers
Bangalore”. Upon verification by the investigation officer, the inscription on
the gold chain was discovered to be “NVS” instead. Even taking the similarity
in initials into account, the fact remains that the inscription is not a
custom inscription but is insteada standard mark of the shop that sold the
chain. Therefore, I cannot rule out the possibility that the jewellery items
seized from the Pawnshop are merely similar to those owned by the
Complainants.

44 This possibility is further reinforced by the undisputed evidence that
Nagas had been regularly pawning jewellery items for a number of years before
the alleged thefts, and that the jewellery identified by the Complainants is
only a fraction of the total number of items that had been pawned by Nagas and
seized by the police from the Pawnshop. The evidence of the Pawnshop
representative, Mr Tan Chor Hui, is that he had known Nagas for six to seven
years and that Nagas had been coming to the pawnshop to pawn items since
2004\. The investigation officer in charge of the case, Mr Dinesh Vishnu
(“Dinesh”), stated that the number of jewellery identified is only “about a
quarter” of the total number of gold jewellery that was seized by the police
from the Pawnshop.

45 Pertinently, I note that all except two of the Complainants had said that
their jewellery had been contained in their hand-carry luggage, which were
eventually checked-in because a Tiger Airways staff or airport staff had
informed them that there was no more space in the cabin or overhead
compartments. Unfortunately, the possibility of the staff members to whom the
bags were handed to having stolen the jewellery was not explored by the
police. Dinesh, the investigation officer, conceded that he did not check with
Tiger Airways which aircraft crew were on duty that day or who the bags had
been handed over to.

Whether the Appellants’ convictions should be upheld

46 At the outset, I note that the trial judge did not draw a distinction
between Geyabalan and Nagas’ respective charges and appeared to consider the
evidence as applying to both of them equally. With respect, this approach is
erroneous. The evidence of the Complainants, which form a main plank of the
Prosecution’s case, is clearly less relevant to Geyabalan than to Nagas. As
Geyabalan pointed out, he was not caught stealing jewellery from passengers’
baggage or found to be in possession of the stolen jewellery. The records from
the Pawnshop only confirm that _Nagas_ had pawned the items that were seized
and subsequently identified by the Complainants as belonging to them. Neither
is there any evidence from Nagas implicating Geyabalan in the alleged thefts
or in the pawning of the jewellery.

47 Thus, in so far as Geyabalan is concerned, the only evidence that
implicates him in the alleged thefts is the attendance records showing that he
was present and on duty on those dates and for those flights which involved
jewellery being allegedly stolen from check-in luggage, as well as PW9’s
testimony. However, pursuant to the discussion above, I do not find PW9 a
credible or reliable witness given the material discrepancies in his evidence,
both internal and external. While PW9’s demeanour as assessed by the trial
judge may have been that of a credible witness, this does not change the fact
that his evidence is inconsistent and lacking in particulars. He was not able
to recall details of the offences despite his assertions that he had
personally witnessed the other accomplices taking jewellery from passengers’
baggage. He also gave inconsistent evidence on the identity and number of
persons involved in the alleged offences. More importantly, his evidence lacks
specificity and detail as to the dates and times on which the alleged thefts
took place and as to what items were stolen. While this is a case concerning
joint criminal liability under s 34 of the Penal Code, it is nevertheless
necessary to prove that the offence was actually committed on the dates and
times stated in the charges.

48 In the present case, there is no evidence that Geyabalan or any of the
three other accomplices had, on the specific dates stated in the four theft
charges, taken the specific items of jewellery from passengers’ baggage in
furtherance of a common intention. Moreover, the trial judge apparently did
not consider the possibility that the thefts could have been committed by
either the airport staff or airline staff who had taken the bags from the
passengers to be checked in (see [45] above), or the additional workers which
PW9 himself agreed would often be assigned to India-bound flights to help with
the loading of the luggage. I therefore find that the conviction of Geyabalan
on the basis of PW9’s testimony is unsafe and that the Prosecution has failed
to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Geyabalan had committed the offences
in the four theft charges preferred against him.

49 The above observations in relation to PW9’s testimony apply equally when
considering Nagas’ conviction. In the case of Nagas, unlike Geyabalan, the
evidence of the Complainants as well as the records from the Pawnshop form
additional planks of evidence against him. However, as I have found, the
evidence of the Complainants is neither here nor there. In totality, the
evidence cannot be said to have established beyond a reasonable doubt that the
jewellery lost by the Complainants had been pawned by Nagas or was at any time
in his possession. Even taking the evidence of the Complainants together with
PW9’s evidence and the documentary evidence, such as the attendance records
and the records from the Pawnshop, the evidence does not “inevitably and
inexorably" lead the court to the single conclusion of Nagas’ guilt: see  _Ang
Sunny v Public Prosecutor_ [1965-1967] SLR(R) 123 at [14]. Nagas’ convictions
on the four theft charges should therefore also be overturned. It follows that
is unnecessary for me to consider Nagas’ appeal against his sentence.

Conclusion

50 In my view, undue weight was placed by the trial judge on the evidence of
PW9 that the Appellants were involved in the alleged thefts, and the evidence
of the Complainants that the jewellery they had identified was indeed theirs.
These are crucial aspects of the Prosecution’s case. However, the evidence in
these respects is unreliable and inadequate to support the trial judge’s
findings.

51 Moreover, the trial judge did not consider the evidence in respect of each
of the Appellants separately, and did not examine the individual particulars
of the charges against the Appellants to ensure that they were made out on the
available evidence. In doing so, the trial judge had adopted an overly broad-
brush approach towards the assessment of the Prosecution’s evidence. In the
result, with respect, the findings are against the weight of the evidence and
the convictions are unsafe.

52 It bears reiterating that the Prosecution bears the burden of proving its
case against the Appellants beyond a reasonable doubt. In my judgment, the
Prosecution has not discharged that burden in the present case. For all the
reasons above, the Appellants’ appeals against their respective convictions
are allowed.

Annex A: Table of charges

S/N |  Charge No. |  Offence |  Date |  Items |  Owner(s)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1 |  1st Charge (Geyabalan) 9th Charge (Nagas) |  Theft with common intention |  11 Jan 2011 |  8 gold bangles |  Thangaraja Viknesh Kumar (PW3)  
2 |  2nd Charge (Geyabalan) 10th Charge (Nagas) |  Theft with common intention |  17 Jan 2010 |  1 reversible gold necklace with white stones on one side, and white and red stone on the other side 1 gold necklace with white pearls and a peacock-shaped pendant |  Natarajan Nithyakayani (PW11)  
3 |  3rd Charge (Geyabalan) 11th Charge (Nagas) |  Theft with common intention |  6 Feb 2010 |  1 gold chain with black beads and a pendant |  Gonna Padmavathi (PW2) Gummadi Ramana (PW1)  
4 |  4th Charge (Geyabalan) |  Theft with common intention |  14 Apr 2010 |  1 pair of gold earrings 2 gold bangles 1 gold chain |  Narayan Govinda Chandra Mouli (PW10)  
2nd Charge (Nagas) |  Voluntarily assisting in disposal of stolen property |  15 Apr 2010  
  
  
S/N |  Charge No. |  Offence |  Date |  Items |  Owner(s)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
5 |  5th Charge (Geyabalan) |  Theft with common intention |  16 Apr 2010 |  1 pair of gold earrings 1 gold earring 1 gold necklace 1 gold chain with red stones |  Panchapakesan Suganda (PW6)  
3rd & 8th Charges (Nagas) |  Voluntarily assisting in disposal of stolen property |  19 & 29 Apr 2010  
6 |  6th Charge (Geyabalan) 12th Charge (Nagas) |  Theft with common intention |  2 Feb 2011 |  1 gold chain with pendant of an anchor design |  Anitha Nirmala Anthony Raj (PW7)  
7 |  7th Charge (Geyabalan) 13th Charge (Nagas) |  Theft with common intention |  24 May 2011 |  1 gold chain |  Beena Sabeen (PW5)  
8 |  8th Charge (Geyabalan) 14th Charge (Nagas) |  Theft with common intention |  29 Jul 2011 |  1 gold chain with black beads and pendant |  Rishikesh Sahi (PW4)  
  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Sep 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

