Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ABW _v_ ABV  
[2014] SGHC 29

Case Number| :| Divorce Suit No 3480 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeals Sub-Court No
3 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mary Ong & Chong Yue-En (Mary Ong & Company) for the
plaintiff; Choh Thian Chee Irving & Looi Min Yi Stephanie (Optimus Chambers
LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  ABW — ABV  
  
19 February 2014| Judgment  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This case, sadly, involved a tussle over the care and control of two young
girls. Care and control are important to parents because they determine which
parent has more frequent contact with the child and the right to make the
daily decisions that are encountered as the child grows up. The other parent
has access. While this is essential for maintaining the parent-child bond, it
often does not allow as much influence over the child’s development as the
parent might want.

2 The parties were divorced in July 2011. At the time, the girls were staying
with their father, as they had been since the mother left the matrimonial home
in June 2009. Shortly after the interim judgment, the mother in her ancillary
affidavit prayed for the care and control of the girls and the father likewise
prayed for the same relief. The mother’s application for care and control was
successful and the father was ordered to hand the children over to her. The
father did not do so. Unhappy with the decision, he appealed to the High
Court. He argued that the girls had had a stable home environment with him and
no compelling reasons had been given as to why that care arrangement should be
altered or why it would benefit the children for the mother to be granted care
and control.

3 The mother responded that she had not been able to have “genuine access”
with the children since November 2011. The father had manipulated the
children’s emotions - they displayed fear and anxiety in her presence when
there was no reason for such behaviour. In order to maintain the mother-child
relationship and ensure the healthy development of the children, the order for
her to have care and control should be maintained.

4 I dismissed the father’s appeal and would like to explain my reasons. The
issue of alienation of affections is a sensitive and difficult one.

The children’s care arrangements

During the marriage

5 The parties were married in May 2003. The mother stopped work in May 2004
and gave birth to the elder daughter in August 2004. She remained at home to
look after the baby until about July 2005. The second daughter was born in
January 2007. Later that year, the family went to live in the United States
for a year because the father was posted there for work. During that period,
the mother was a full-time wife and mother. On their return to Singapore, the
family moved into a flat in Bedok with the paternal grandmother and the
father’s sister. A full time domestic helper was engaged and the mother
returned to work. The children lived in Bedok from sometime in 2008 and
remained there with the father, his sister and their grandmother when the
mother moved out.

After the mother left home

6 Initially, the mother went to stay with her eldest sister in Woodlands. She
kept in contact with the children and the access arrangements were amicable
for a few months. The mother saw the children on Wednesday nights for two
hours and took them to the Woodlands flat from Friday night to Saturday
afternoon. Things changed in December 2009.

7 In December 2009, the elder daughter who was then about 5 years old, told
the father that her male cousin (aged about 13 years) had touched her private
parts. The father was upset. He forbade the mother to have any further
overnight access to the children. The mother immediately moved to another
sister’s home. She made sure that the daughters did not come in contact with
that particular cousin anymore. The father however, did not change his mind.
From then on, the mother could only see the children for two hours on Thursday
nights and during the day on Sundays.

8 The mother was not happy with meeting the children only in public places. In
2011, she decided to move into a flat in Sengkang so she could have a home in
which she could spend more time with the children in private. She asked the
father for overnight access in the flat and one week’s holiday access in
December 2011. The father rejected this request: he preferred the access
arrangements to remain as they were and for the mother to see the children in
public.

9 The mother complained that thereafter she had difficulties with access. She
described three incidents in November 2011 in which there had been conflict of
one sort or another. After these incidents the children became increasingly
unwilling to see or meet the mother.

What the Family Court did

10 Due to the difficulties with access, the mother asked for interim access
pending the final orders made in the divorce proceeding. Two interim access
orders were made in December 2011. These did not help the mother. She saw the
children on 21 December 2011 but not often thereafter. The father said that
the children had refused to see their mother and he could not drag them to the
access sessions.

11 The Family Court heard the final applications relating to the children in
December 2012. On 18 December 2012, District Judge Tan Peck Cheng (“the DJ”)
gave the mother care and control and the father generous access. Her detailed
orders provide that:

(a) The father and the mother would have joint custody of the children with
care and control to the mother and access to the father.

(b) The access granted included one weekday access, access every Friday night
to Saturday morning, half of the school holidays, alternate public holidays,
Father’s Day and over the Chinese New Year period.

(c) To give effect to the care and control order, the children were to be
handed over to the mother at her residence by 22 December 2012 at 12 noon.

12 The DJ considered that these orders were in the best interests of the
children. Giving the mother care and control and the father access would
prevent them from being put in a stressful situation regarding contact with
the parent who did not have care and control. The findings on which she based
this conclusion can be summarised as follows:

(a) The father’s assertion that he wanted the children to have a close
relation with the mother was mere lip-service. When he rejected the mother’s
request for overnight access, he said only that he wanted the status quo to
remain and did not give any reason why the mother should not have overnight
access. No reason was given for his insistence that she continue to have
access in public areas.

(b) The children were comfortable with the mother. They were not fearful of
her, contrary to the father’s allegations. They remained comfortable with her
in the absence of the father and his family.

(c) The negativity of the father and his family regarding access by the mother
was not good for the children. The father’s conduct on 6 and 11 November 2011
was incomprehensible. The father should have been able to foresee that his
crying and running off with the children would affect them.

(d) In contrast to the father, the mother had acknowledged that the children
needed parental love from both parents and had indicated that she would
respect the father’s right to access if she was given care and control. The DJ
believed that the mother would be more reasonable regarding access than the
father. She was also in a position to look after the children because she had
re-employed the foreign maid who had looked after them previously and had the
support of her parents.

What happened after the Family Court decision and before the appeal

13 The father did not hand the children over to the mother as ordered. He
explained that on 22 December 2012, he had driven the children to the mother’s
home. When he arrived outside her apartment block, the children had refused to
get out of the car and go to the mother’s home. The mother had come down to
the car to try and persuade the children to go with her but they refused. He
said that the children were very upset and crying. Given that the children
showed no signs of leaving the car, he had no choice but to leave the premises
with the children.

14 The father then applied for a stay of the care and control order. He was
granted this stay on 2 April 2013 on the basis that the mother was to have
interim access to the children at the Centre for Harmony (“CFH”). On 16 May
2013, the parties appeared before me. The mother complained that since the
DJ’s order, every attempt at access she made had failed because the children
would not leave the father without his consent. On the surface, he was giving
consent. However, the actual signals he gave were interpreted by the daughters
as meaning no, so they screamed and resisted when handover was attempted. The
mother wanted me to order access for her during the upcoming June holidays.
The children were then aged 6 and 8.

15 I granted the mother 2 weeks’ uninterrupted access to the children in June
2013. The father was given uninterrupted access between 15 June and 29 June
2013 and thereafter the normal access arrangements according to the interim
order were to resume. I also directed the CFH to report on all access sessions
supervised by the CFH between 20 April and the end of May 2013.

Factors considered on appeal: stability and interfering with parental bonds

The case for stability

16 The father criticised the DJ’s findings in relation to the various
incidents in November 2011. His main point was that the DJ had been wrong to
change the existing arrangement in respect of the children’s living
arrangements by granting the mother care and control.

17 The father had been the primary person looking after the children from
their births and he had been the sole caregiver since July 2009. The children
had an established daily routine with him. Further, he supervised the children
in their homework and had actively participated in their academic development.
The mother, on the other hand, had made no effort to participate in the
children’s daily routines despite having weekly access to them. Further, the
father had made substantial efforts to facilitate the children’s access to the
mother over the years. The father also contended that the DJ had erred by
placing too much weight on the reports given by the social services and the
CFH.

18 The mother had not provided any compelling reasons as to why the current
care arrangement should be altered or why it would benefit the children for
her to be granted care and control. The father relied on a number of cases
decided in the Family Court which he said showed that the Family Court
accepted the principle that maintaining continuity of care of the child is of
overwhelming importance in deciding which parent should have care and control.

19 The father made a powerful argument that it would upset the children if
their established daily routines and established home and caregivers were to
be re-organised. The father was a loving father and the evidence demonstrated
that the children responded well to his care and were equally attached to him.
The question faced by both the DJ and myself was whether maintaining the
established situation had to be the main criterion in the decision.

20 Continuity of arrangements or stability is an important factor for the
emotional well-being of a child. In _Lim Chin Huat Francis and anor v Lim Kok
Chye Ivan and anor_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 392, for example, the court refused to
make an order to vary care and control of a girl caught in the midst of a
custody battle between two sets of adoptive parents. It considered that
pending the outcome of the application, she should remain in the care of the
existing parents as she appeared to be well taken care of by them.

21 Here, for more than four years, the father had provided a home for the
children in which they had been looked after by him, their grandmother and
aunt. There was no doubting the strength of the attachment of the children to
the father and that he in turn had showed his care and concern for them in the
way that he attended to matters like their schooling and academic development.
Indeed, the mother offered no criticism of the father in regard to his
interaction with his daughters or his care of them.

Other factors to be considered

22 The fundamental question that a court asks itself when making a decision
affecting a child is whether that decision will promote the welfare of the
child. The concept of ‘welfare’ is not a narrow one: it has to be considered
in the widest sense and is not to be measured by money or physical comfort
only. The child’s moral and religious well-being must be taken into account
and his relationships with his siblings and other relatives. It is important
to maintain the ties of affection the child enjoys. (see _Soon Peck Wah v Woon
Che Che_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 430).

23 The decision as to what is in the best interests of any particular child
depends on the circumstances of the individual case and the individual child.
However, this does not mean that that decision is a subjective one for the
judge hearing the case. Rather, a number of relevant circumstances should be
taken into account when arriving at a decision. The stability factor is but
one such circumstance. Others include:

(a) The need for both parents to have an involvement in the child’s life;

(b) Which parent shows the greater concern for the child;

(c) The maternal bond;

(d) The child’s wishes; and

(e) The desirability of keeping siblings together.

24 The degree to which any one factor or the other is to be given pre-eminence
is not fixed but depends entirely on the facts of each case. Here, the mother
stressed the need for both parents to have an involvement in the children’s
lives. She emphasised that the strength of the maternal–child bond should not
be weakened or destroyed.

25 The mother argued that allowing children to have “genuine” access to both
parents in a non-hostile environment would enable them to bond with their
parents and flourish emotionally. This type of access is necessary to preserve
and maintain the ties of affection between the child and the non-custodial
parent and it is an important part of the welfare principle. The courts have
observed that a child who understands that both his parents have custody of
him and continue to be involved in his life is likely to feel more secure and
that the same surely applies to access orders as well (see _BG v BF_ [2007] 3
SLR(R) 233 at [13]). In the same judgment, Andrew Ang J noted that as far as
possible, “a child should be allowed to interact with both parents, so that
despite the breakdown in relations between the parents, he is assured, to the
greatest extent possible, of a normal family life with two parents”.

26 It has been said that the child is the unseen and unheard victim of a
marital breakdown. The courts do their best to help minimise the negative
impact of a divorce and we recognise that it must normally be in the child’s
interest to maintain a relationship with both his parents. In England, this
recognition has gone so far as to impel the courts to reverse residence
orders, the equivalent of Singapore care and control order, when it is
established that the parent with whom the child is residing has been
undermining the relationship between the child and the other parent. Such
behaviour can have an alienating effect on the child.

27 The concept of alienation was considered in a recent English case, _Re S_
[2011] 1 F.L.R. 1789. The judge cited the description of the concept given by
a child psychiatrist. To paraphrase, the expert said that the term alienation
applies to a cluster of psychological responses in a child towards a parent
with whom he once had a loving relationship. Alienation may not result from
any deliberate campaign of denigration by one parent in respect of the other.
The research data supports multi-factorial causes for alienation following
parental separation, involving contributions from both parents and
vulnerabilities within the child. The judge said that in England this
description of the concept of alienation as a feature of some high conflict
parental disputes may be now regarded as being mainstream (see _Re S_ [2011] 1
F.L.R. 1789 at [46]).

28 In _Re S_ , the judge recognised various possible approaches that could be
taken in dealing with a case involving an alienated child. The first
possibility was that of transferring the care of the alienated child from the
resident parent to the non-resident parent. Another possibility was to resolve
the difficulty by therapy of the parents and child. A third possibility was to
make an interim care order for the child and place him in foster care prior to
transfer of residence from one parent to the other. Sometimes, however, the
alienation is so entrenched that nothing can be done and the child’s situation
cannot be changed. The judge emphasised that there was no one-size- fits-all
solution and the circumstances of each particular case required careful
consideration. I think this is a warning that applies with equal force here.

29 Having said that, it is clear that switching care and control is a remedy
that can be adopted if a judge finds that the parent having care and control
has been either deliberately or unconsciously interfering with the bond
between the child and the other parent. This remedy would be most suitable in
a situation in which the child begins to show animosity towards a parent with
whom he previously had a loving relationship. The court would have to consider
if there is any apparent external reason for the animosity. A situation in
which the child has previously had uneventful and loving interactions with the
relevant parent may call for this approach. It may also be that this approach
is most helpful when the animosity has recently manifested itself and has not
had a chance to become ingrained.

30 _Re S_ itself provides an object lesson of when the switching approach does
not work. In that case, the child, S, had been born in 1998. Prior to his
birth, his mother, M had separated from his father, F. As early as 1999, F
went to court in order to have contact (access) with S. The proceedings took a
long time and culminated with a decision that S be transferred from M to F.
The decision was upheld on appeal but the appellate court ordered that the
transfer be effected by placing S in foster care and then transferring him to
F. By then, S was 12 years old. During the period of foster care, S was taken
to see F on several occasions. On each occasion, he refused to engage with F.
He sat with his head in his lap and his fingers in his ears. Finally, F agreed
that S should be returned to M. In the end, the court had no alternative but
to discharge the order for the change of residence.

Balancing the needs of the children

31 On our facts, just as much as the father appeared to be a concerned and
loving parent, so was the mother. It was incorrect that the father had been
the primary caregiver of the children prior to the mother’s departure. She had
been a full-time mother for almost the whole of the elder daughter’s first
year of life; she had spent a full year looking after both daughters in the
United States; and after the family’s return although she resumed working, she
was still involved with the children’s care.

32 After the mother moved out, access was carried on without apparent
difficulty until November 2011. This was despite the shortening of access
times after the allegation regarding the girls’ cousin. There was no complaint
about the mother during the times she had access to the children. The children
were comfortable with her and no issue regarding her parenting ability arose.

33 It was only in November 2011 that problems arose. It is not a coincidence
that this was after the mother requested resumption of overnight access.

34 The first incident took place on 6 November 2011. That was a Sunday. The
children spent the day with the mother in her Sengkang flat in accordance with
the usual Sunday day access arrangement. The mother sent the father a text
message asking if the children could spend the night. He refused and went to
the flat that evening in order to take the children back to his Bedok home.
The children were reluctant to leave and then he insisted that if they were to
spend the night, he should too. The police were called. They ascertained that
the children wanted to stay on with the mother and the mother then decided to
take them to her sister’s house. As they were leaving, the father shouted out
the girls’ names and started to sob. The father’s version of this incident was
similar except that he denied shouting out the children’s names. He admitted
however that he was crying and that he had called out to his daughters.

35 Next, on 11 November 2011, the father and his sister took the children to
attend a class at the White Sands Shopping Centre. The mother went to the
shopping centre with the intention of seeing the children there. According to
her, when the father saw her coming, he ran into the classroom and took the
children out. She went up to them and held the younger daughter’s hand. Once
they were outside the classroom, however, the father grabbed hold of the
younger daughter. He ran away with her while his sister ran away in the
opposite direction with the older girl. The father’s account was that the
mother had attempted to snatch the daughters and that was why he and his
sister had had to run away with them.

36 The father’s own accounts of these two incidents showed that he had over-
reacted to the prospect of the daughters spending time with the mother. He had
made his unhappiness plain. His daughters could not but be affected.

37 Two days later, on Sunday 13 November 2011, the mother went to pick the
children up at the father’s Bedok flat. The father demanded to know when she
would bring them home. Her reply was that it depended on what activity they
engaged in during the day. The father then warned the elder daughter that they
were not supposed to stay overnight with their mother. After this, the elder
daughter started crying and hid behind her paternal aunt. The younger daughter
appeared to be frightened. The mother eventually left without either child.
The father’s account of the incident was that when the elder daughter heard
that the mother was not sure at what time she would take the children home,
the elder daughter became uncomfortable. Eventually the mother had to leave as
the children did not want to go with her.

38 After these three incidents, the children became increasingly unwilling to
see or meet their mother. When the mother called on 17 November 2011 to speak
with the children, they were so fearful that they locked themselves in the
toilet and refused to speak with her. Three days later, the mother was able to
spend two hours with the daughters in the father’s flat doing colouring with
them but they refused to leave the house with her. On 24 November 2011, the
elder daughter refused to return home from the childcare centre when she
learnt that the mother was waiting for her there.

39 As stated earlier, interim access orders were made in favour of the mother
in December 2011. Notwithstanding this, access continued to be difficult and
the children showed their reluctance to see the mother. However, it was
observed by the counsellors at the CFH that when they were in her company,
they were comfortable and interacted fairly well with her. This was especially
true for the younger daughter.

40 The evidence above was before the DJ. In itself, I think it was sufficient
to support her finding that the father was only paying lip service to the idea
of a close relationship between the children and the mother. In truth, he was
contributing to an estrangement between them. Events that occurred thereafter,
and before I heard the appeal proper, only reinforced that finding.

41 First, there was the children’s behaviour on 22 December 2012. They refused
to get out of the car and move in with the mother despite the mother’s
persuasion. Second, even though the interim access order was restored pending
the hearing of the appeal, the mother was not able to have unrestricted access
to them in accordance with the proposed arrangements. Third, what happened in
June 2013 was significant.

42 According to the order I had made in May 2013, the mother was to have the
children from 1 June 2013 until 15 June 2013 and they were to be handed over
to her at the CFH. On 1 June 2013, the father brought the children to the CFH
to meet the mother but they were reluctant to leave him. Whenever he attempted
to go, they clutched his arms and cried loudly. An hour and several attempts
later, the father finally left the centre. The children had to be held in the
room by the mother and her helper as he left. The children settled down
quickly thereafter, however and left the centre with the mother with smiles on
their faces.

43 On 15 June 2013, the mother took the children back to the centre. They
appeared to be comfortable with her. When the father arrived, the girls were
excited and ran to him. Two weeks later, the father returned to the centre to
hand the children to the mother. On this occasion, they hid behind him and
refused to step into the centre until the father entered first. They then
followed him. When the mother approached them, they clung onto the father’s
legs. They repeatedly said no when encouraged by both parents to remain in the
centre so that the mother could have access. They tried to prevent the father
from leaving by clutching on to his legs. When the mother placed her arms
around the elder daughter, the child struggled to push her away. The father
told the mother to stop traumatising the child. He then had an emotional
breakdown: he wailed loudly, beat his chest as he slowly collapsed onto the
floor and laid down there. Both children cried. Given the children’s emotional
state, the attempt to give the mother access that day was terminated.

44 All this evidence was before me at the hearing of the appeal in July 2013.

45 I concluded that the children’s relationship with the mother had been
adversely affected without any apparent reason for the same. I agreed with the
DJ’s finding that it would be in the children’s interests for them to be with
the parent who was willing to be reasonable about access and could share them
with the other. The children were in danger of becoming completely estranged
from the mother. This was not a desirable development: they were young girls
who would benefit from the care and attention of a loving mother. They also
needed a good relationship with their father but a relationship in which they
felt it necessary to cling on to him every time they were supposed to see
their mother was not a healthy relationship. This was not a case of an abusive
or neglectful mother. From their birth, she had cared for the children; after
she left the matrimonial home, she had continued to be in regular contact with
them until after the incidents of November 2011. All observers of the
children’s interaction with the mother made positive comments on her
relationship with both of them and how she handled them.

46 These considerations overrode the emotional upset that might result from a
change in the children’s residential arrangements. Stability is desirable. It
cannot however be the paramount factor. Leaving the children with the father
would in the short term avoid the distress associated with change but, in the
long run, it risked the children losing one of the most important human
relationships they could have.

47 I agreed with the DJ that the appropriate course to be taken in the best
interests of the children was to give the mother care and control while
maintaining generous access for the father. However, in order to allow them to
settle down in the mother’s care, I decided that it would be helpful to
suspend the access arrangements which the DJ had ordered. Instead, for the
first four weeks from the time of handover, the father’s access would be
limited to monitored phone calls between 6pm and 8pm daily. Thereafter, he
would have access to the children once a week on Saturday from 10am to 8pm. I
also fixed a date for the review of the access arrangements.

48 The father had criticised the DJ’s reference to reports from the social
welfare services and the CFH. In reaching my decision, I read those reports
and a further one from the CFH in relation to the access sessions in June
2013. The court is entitled to have regard to the contents of such reports
though it must always consider matters as a whole. It is, however, very useful
to have an account from an objective third party as to the interactions of
parents and children. In this case, there was no reason to doubt the
objectivity of the various reports or the accuracy of their contents, much of
which were echoed in the parties’ affidavits.

Postscript: how my orders were implemented

49 I conducted a review of the access and care arrangements in October 2013. I
was pleased to learn that overall the change in the children’s residence and
care arrangements had been implemented without too much heartache.

50 The father reported that the children were handed over to the mother on 13
July 2013 by his sister and his aunt. The handing over took more than one and
a half hours because the children were reluctant to leave with the mother.
Thereafter, the girls would call him every day to chat with him. After two
weeks, the plaintiff asked him to call the children instead and he did so. On
17 August, he finally had access to the children. The access went smoothly and
the children were very happy to see him as they had not seen him for a month.
The father also said that since late August 2013, he and the children had been
speaking to each other every night for half an hour before their bedtime.

51 Tellingly, the father did not make any assertion that the children had
reacted badly to the new arrangement. The sole complaint that he had was that
he only had ten hours with the children each week. He wished to have more time
with them so that he could supervise in their schoolwork. He also wanted
liberty to call them at any time during the day. He therefore made a request
for access to be enhanced. Basically he wanted the access order made by the DJ
to be restored.

52 The mother reported that during the first two weeks that the children spent
with her, the elder daughter was cheerful and happy during the day but at
night she would withdraw and keep to herself. Sometimes, she would cry. This
crying also occurred occasionally when she came home after having seen the
father. The situation improved as the children became more used to and
comfortable in the mother’s home. By October, the emotional state of both
children had improved tremendously and they seemed relaxed and comfortable in
their new home. Over the three months she had built up a stronger relationship
with both of them. She gave details of how the children reacted to her and of
the things that they did together. The mother was willing to grant the father
increased access.

53 After hearing the parties I gave the father more access, including
overnight access, although not to the extent that he wanted.

54 I saw the parties again in January 2014. It appeared that all was
progressing smoothly and they were able to agree on final access arrangements
for the father. This included overnight access, school holiday access and
access on public holidays and important birthdays. It was heartening to note
that the children were stable and happy and in regular and loving contact with
both parents.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

