Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AMB _v_ AMC  
[2014] SGHC 169

Case Number| :| DT 1129 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 August 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Yee May Kuen Peggy Sarah (PY Legal LLC) for the
plaintiff; Yeo Soon Keong and Chiu Chuang Thet (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  AMB — AMC  
  
26 August 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff-wife is 46 years old (“the wife”) while the defendant-husband
is 47 years old (“the husband”). They were married on 17 December 1994 and
their marriage lasted 17 years.[note: 1] They have two sons from this
marriage, aged 17 and 15 respectively.[note: 2] One is now studying in a local
Junior College while the other is in Secondary Three.[note: 3] Collectively,
they will be referred to as “the sons”.

2 Before the divorce, the husband was the main financial provider of the
family. He was a Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) at a logistics company
earning a net salary of $18,689 monthly.[note: 4] His contract was terminated
on 23 November 2012 because of anxiety, depression and comorbid panic
attacks.[note: 5] The husband alleged that as a result of his medical
condition, he was not able to secure a permanent job.[note: 6] Currently, he
is staying in the matrimonial home.

3 The wife is the primary caregiver of the family. She is also a part-time
accountant and does free-lance work.[note: 7] She left the matrimonial home
together with their sons because of the husband’s violence and harassment.
They are now staying in a one-room rental flat.

The divorce proceedings

4 On 13 March 2012, the wife filed for divorce on the ground of the husband’s
unreasonable behaviour. The husband contested the divorce. On 13 September
2012 the Family Court granted the wife an interim judgement (“the Interim
Judgment”). This application is for the resolution of the following ancillary
issues:

(a) custody, care and control as well as access of the sons;

(b) division of the matrimonial assets; and

(c) maintenance for the sons and the wife.

I now proceed to address each issue in turn.

Issue 1: Custody, care and control of the sons

Difference between custody order and care and control

5 The Court of Appeal (“CA”) in _CX v CY (minor: custody and access)_ [2005] 3
SLR(R) 690 (“ _CX_ ”) held that the objective of custody orders is different
from care and control orders and stated at [32]:

As was appropriately summarised by Anthony Dickey in _Family Law_ (LBC
Information Services, 3rd Ed, 1997) at pp 326–327:

[A]t common law, care and control concerns the right to take care of a child
and to make day-to-day, short-term decisions concerning the child’s upbringing
and welfare. Custody without care and control (that is, custody in its narrow
sense) concerns the right to make the more important, longer-term decisions
concerning the upbringing and welfare of the child.

It has been suggested that decisions such as those pertaining to religion,
education and major healthcare issues feature under the “important and longer-
term decisions” concerning the child’s upbringing will be relevant issues
relating to custody of the child: Debbie Ong, “Custody Orders, Parental
Responsibility and Academic Contributions” [2005] SJLS 405 at p 409. I shall
first deal with the issue pertaining to care and control of the sons.

Who should be granted care and control of the sons?

6 The husband and wife both seek care and control of the sons.

The wife’s case for care and control of the sons

7 The wife submitted that the husband does not have the interests of the sons
at heart.[note: 8] As proof of the husband’s lack of concern for the sons’
best interests, she tendered evidence to show that the husband had stressed
and traumatised her and their two sons by hitting them. The wife stated that
she had obtained a Personal Protection Order (“PPO”) against the husband for
herself and her elder son on 21 December 2011.[note: 9] Despite the PPO
against the husband, he continued to be violent towards the wife and the sons.
Four police reports were thus filed. On 13 August 2012, the husband was
arrested for breach of the PPO although no charges were pressed against
him.[note: 10]

8 The sons also provided evidence of the husband’s violence towards them. The
older son stated in his affidavit that his parents had an altercation on 25
September 2011 when his father tried to hit the mother.[note: 11] He stood up
against the father to prevent him from hitting his mother and he was also
assaulted.[note: 12] This was similarly the case for the younger son, who also
tried to protect his mother against the father but was pushed away roughly by
the latter.[note: 13] Besides the use of violence, the wife also submitted
that the husband is also a bad influence on the sons as he indulged in
watching pornographic materials, smoked heavily and did not show keen interest
in their schoolwork. He had also failed to contact the sons since they left
the matrimonial home on 1 November 2012.[note: 14]

The husband’s case for care and control of the sons

9 The husband, on the other hand, submitted that the sons will be better off
with him. He claimed to be involved with their education, to have attended
parent-teacher meetings and to have helped them with their homework.[note: 15]
He also stated that he played a greater role in their upbringing and in their
education. He also encouraged them to participate in outdoor activities and
family outings.[note: 16] In contrast, he alleged that the wife was the poorer
parent because she was an absent mother, allowed the sons to be obsessed with
computer games, used vulgar language in front of the children and failed to
provide a clean and conducive environment.[note: 17]

Interviews of the sons by the court

10 Since the positions of the parties were diametrically opposed and the sons
are sufficiently matured, I interviewed the sons separately in the presence of
both parties’ counsel so as to arrive at the decision that would be in their
best interests. I gave significant weight to their testimony and evidence,
seeing that they are of a sufficiently matured age. During the interview, the
sons were unequivocal in their disdain for the father and clearly stated that
they wanted to live with the mother as she was the parent who cared about them
and took care of their physical, mental and educational needs.[note: 18] This
was also the position maintained by them in their respective affidavits.[note:
19]

Reasons why the court grants care and control of the sons to the wife

11 In light of the interviews and affidavits provided by the sons, I find it
hard to believe that the husband was a caring and loving father that he
painted himself to be. Further, I also find that the husband’s assertions do
not sit well with the other pieces of evidence tendered before this court,
such as his acts of masturbation, heavy smoking, pornography watching and
disruptive behaviour generally. If he was indeed concerned about the sons’
well-being, he would have known that his bad habits could not have been in
their best interests. It is unsurprising that the sons prefer to live with
their mother.[note: 20]

12 The elder son’s examination results also weigh against the husband’s
allegations that the wife could not take care of the sons’ educational needs.
His good results showed that the wife was capable of ensuring that the sons’
educational needs were met and that they benefitted from her care. Despite the
adverse family circumstances, the elder son performed well enough in the O
levels to secure a place in a respectable junior college and is now pursuing
his studies in the science stream.[note: 21] How could he have achieved such
results if the wife was indeed the villain that the husband sought to portray?

13 Accordingly, I order that the wife shall have care and control of the sons
with reasonable access to be given to the husband. As the sons are
sufficiently mature, I shall leave it to the father and sons to work out the
arrangements on access.

Should sole or joint custody of the sons be awarded?

14 As for custody of the sons, the husband initially asked for sole custody
but subsequently changed his application to joint custody. The wife maintained
her application for sole custody throughout the divorce proceedings.[note: 22]

The wife’s case for sole custody of the sons

15 The wife submitted that while it would be ideal that joint custody should
be awarded so as to maintain parental bonds, but it would not be practicable
in the present case.[note: 23] This was because, _inter alia_ :

(a) The husband was abusive. First, the PPO obtained on 21 December 2011 still
subsists[note: 24] and second, his bullying, harassment and violence escalated
after the Interim Judgment was awarded, leading to her and the sons moving out
of their matrimonial home.[note: 25]

(b) The husband was violent towards their younger son and assaulted him in the
wife’s absence.[note: 26]

(c) The husband’s character was vindictive and he would annoy her and the sons
with, _inter alia_ , his acts of heavy smoking, masturbation and watching
pornography. To make matters worse, he did not even clean up after himself,
with the tissue he used to masturbate strewn around and semen stains left on
the sofa where he masturbated.[note: 27]

(d) The husband disregarded the children’s educational needs by turning up the
volume of the television even though they were in the midst of their
examinations.[note: 28]

The husband’s case for sole custody of the sons

16 The husband on the other hand denied his acts of violence and repulsive
behaviour. He claimed that he was never charged and was released the following
day, thus showing that the wife’s actions in contacting the police were
vindictive.[note: 29] He also cited the wife’s failure to apply for a Domestic
Exclusion Order as a factor against the wife’s accusations and there was no
evidence as to the same.[note: 30]

The law

The importance of the parental bond

17 The court has always been in favour of joint custody so that parental bonds
are maintained: Leong Wai Kum, _Elements of Family Law in Singapore_
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) at p 331. In _CX_ , the CA at [38] held that:

We would emphasise that recent decisions have been inclined towards making
joint or no custody orders due to the need to ensure that the child becomes
attached to both parents. The idea behind joint or no custody orders is to
ensure that neither parent has a better right over the child and that both
have a responsibility to bring the child up in the best way possible.
Similarly, the child has a right to the guidance of both his parents.
Parenthood is a lifelong responsibility and does not end at a particular age
of the child, but continues until the child reached adulthood. The question we
have to answer will always be what is best for the child in the future.

18 The above approach gives effect to Singapore’s international obligations,
_viz_ , the 1989 United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child (20
November 1989), 1577 UNTS 3/ [1991] ATS 4 / 28 ILM 1456 (1989), Art 18
(entered into force 2 September 1990). It is to ensure that best efforts are
used to support both parents in the execution of their common responsibilities
for the upbringing and development of the child. This approach is also echoed
by case law and academic opinion. Thus in making custody orders, the objective
of striving to maintain the parental bond should always be one which the court
should strive to meet as far as practicably possible.

Circumstances for granting a sole custody order

19 There are, however, exceptions to this general approach. Two such
exceptions were mentioned in _CX_ at [38]:

We agree with Assoc Prof Debbie Ong that _the exceptional circumstances where
sole custody orders are made may be where one parents physically, sexually, or
emotionally abuses the child (see Debbie Ong, “Making No Custody Order” ([19]
supra) at p 586), or where the relationship of the parties is such that co-
operation is impossible even after the avenues of mediation and counselling
have been explored, and the lack of co-operation is harmful to the child_ (see
Debbie Ong, “Parents and Custody Orders” ([27] supra) at p 222-223). [emphasis
added]

Therefore, the first exception is where the party seeking custody had ill-
treated or exhibited violence against the children, the court will give an
order for sole custody in the interests of and for the children’s welfare.

20 The second exception relates to a complete lack of cooperation between the
antagonistic parents, thus making it impossible for the parents to make proper
major decisions for the best interest of their child. This is exemplified in
two earlier decisions. In _Albert Yeap alias Yeap Beng Yong v Wong Elizabeth
(m w)_ [1998] SGHC 97, a sole custody order was order to minimise conflicts
between the parents. Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then was) held that (at [16]):

16 Given such animosity, I am of the view that the best order to make is one
which would _minimise any source of conflict_. If joint custody were given, I
anticipate that the parties would have endless disagreements on matters such
as choice of schools, tutors, healthcare, etc. Such quarrels would only serve
to drive the parties further apart. But more than that, the youngest child,
Earl, would grow up in the midst of this animosity, torn between father and
mother and may blame himself for these conflicts. Sometimes it is better for a
decision to be made, even if it turns out that the perfect option is not
chosen, rather than for the matter to be the subject of conflict between the
parents. It is clear in my mind that what is called for in this case is for
custody of the minor children be granted to their mother who knows the
children the best and, in the circumstances, will be in a better position than
the husband to take such decisions. [emphasis added]

21 The same purpose of minimising conflict was also seen in _Tan Yong Chew v
Tan Bee Lay (m w)_ [1997] SGHC 161 at [8] where Rajendran J held that joint
custody was not preferred because it might result in the two parties pulling
in different directions where it came to decisions such as “which school the
child is to attend” which could be detrimental to the child’s interests.
Therefore in such situations, the reluctance to grant joint custody orders
stems from the court’s fear that the parties would not be able to cooperate,
thereby compromising the child’s interests.

Does the factual matrix of this case justify a sole custody order?

22 In my view, there is a difference between granting a sole custody order on
the basis of acrimony and one in which parties are unable to cooperate with
each other. In the former, as was the case in _CX_ , the basis for the grant
of a sole custody order was the lack of communication arising from the bitter
feelings both parties had towards each other. This has been frowned on by the
CA. In the latter, the parties must have shown that they had tried to work
together in the child’s best interests but failed. This would be a legitimate
ground for a sole custody order to be made. The two scenarios are thus
distinct and different.

23 In this case the husband had shown himself to be a poor parent from the
following acts:

(a) He smoked heavily in the presence of the wife and the sons. On several
occasions he even antagonised them with cigarette smoke despite their best
efforts to avoid it.[note: 31]

(b) He was erratic when it came to basic things like providing for his family.
The wife alleged that the husband did not know how much was required for the
maintenance of the children as he is indifferent towards the children’s needs.
The husband’s contribution of $1,200 a month towards the household was far
from adequate.[note: 32] On the other hand the husband indulged in his lavish
lifestyle, involving an expenditure of more than $17,000 a month.

(c) He verbally abused the wife.[note: 33]

(d) He failed to provide for the children’s schooling needs and when the wife
managed to obtain financial aid for the younger son’s schooling needs from the
government after they moved out from the matrimonial home, he made baseless
accusations against her such that the financial aid was revoked.[note: 34]

24 The husband also did not set a good example for the sons. He withdrew his
$1,200 monthly maintenance whenever he was displeased with the wife or his
children. The wife had to give him sex to appease him[note: 35]. His addiction
to pornography and masturbation, at times visible to the elder son,[note: 36]
was also a bad influence to his sons.

25 In contrast, the wife showed much greater concern and interest in the sons.
She moved out with the sons to stay in a one-room rental flat so that they
could focus on their studies and avoid the annoyances of their father.

26 The wife submitted that in _ARI v ARJ_ [2011] SGDC 135, the district judge
had granted a sole custody order in favour of the wife. However, that case is
materially different. In that case, the child concerned was very young. Before
the eventual sole custody order was made, the district judge had ordered joint
custody of the child. The parties had also shown that they were unable to work
together for the welfare of the child despite the involvement of social
workers. It was only when all else failed that the district judge ordered a
sole custody order.

27 In this case the children are older and more matured. The wife must show
that the husband is so unfit for parenting that the benefits of having his
involvement in the sons’ lives outweigh the harm that he would bring to the
sons. Alternatively, the wife must show that their relationship is such that
cooperation is impossible even after mediation and counselling have been
attempted and this lack of cooperation is harmful to the sons: Assoc Prof
Debbie Ong, “Parents and Custody Orders–A New Approach” [1999] SJLS 205 at pp
222–223.

28 In considering the custody of the sons I am also mindful of s 125 of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”) which requires the court to
place the welfare of the sons as paramount consideration. Section 125 of the
WC states:

**125**. —(1) The court may at any time by order place a child in the custody
of his or her father or his or her mother or (where there are exceptional
circumstances making it undesirable that the child be entrusted to either
parent) of any other relative of the child or of any organisation or
association the objects of which include child welfare, or of any other
suitable person.

(2) In deciding in whose custody a child should be placed, the paramount
consideration shall be the welfare of the child and subject to this, the court
shall have regard —

(_a_) to the wishes of the parents of the child; and

(_b_) to the wishes of the child, where he or she is of an age to express an
independent opinion.

During my interviews with the sons, they unequivocally preferred the mother
over the father. I have given considerable weightage to their preference in my
deliberation on the issue of the custody of the sons.

29 While the behaviour of the husband was deplorable, I agree with the CA in
_CX_ on the importance of preserving the parental bond with the child. I also
find that there is no evidence that the parties are unable to work together
for the sons’ benefit. Therefore I am inclined to grant a conditional joint
custody order in order to preserve the parental bond that exists between each
of them and the sons. In the event the husband and the wife are unable to
arrive at a consensus on issues pertaining to custody order, the wife should
have the final say.

Parental responsibility

30 It is never a pleasant experience for parties undergoing a divorce and for
children who are caught in between divorcing parents. Despite the
difficulties, parties have to strive to put their differences aside so that
the greater good can be achieved for their children. Assoc Prof Debbie Ong’s
article Custody Orders, Parental Responsibility and Academic Contributions at
p 415 gives some helpful insight:

In a perfect world, there should be no marital disputes. If there are, the
disputes should be resolved before they escalate till divorce is inevitable.
But if divorce is inevitable, the parties should be able to overlook their
differences with each other for the sake of their children and raise them
together. But if the parties are unable to cooperate with each other in
raising their children, they should be helped to do so. Family law endeavours
to help parties to co-operate with each other by reiterating the principle
that it is in the child’s best interests that neither parent is excluded from
the child’s life even where there is a breakdown in the parents’ marriage.

31 With a conditional joint custody order I hope that the husband will take
some time to reflect on his actions and be a better father for the sake of his
sons. It is essential that the husband be re-united and re-establishes his
relationship with his sons and get more involved in their lives.

Issue 2: The division of the matrimonial property

The just and equitable principle and the broad brush approach

32 The division of matrimonial assets is premised on the just and equitable
principle. This principle is embodied in s 112(1) of the WC which states:

The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the grant of a
judgment of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, to order the
division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of any such
asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the sale of any
such asset in such proportions as the court thinks just and equitable.

33 Under s 112(2) of the WC, the court is required to consider the following
factors in the division of matrimonial assets:

(a) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(b) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

(c) the needs of the children (if any) of the marriage;

(d) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependant of either party;

(e) any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce;

(f) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(g) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(h) the matters referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

34 It is trite law that the court should adopt a broad-brush approach in
considering the division of matrimonial assets. In _NI v NJ_ [2007] 1 SLR(R)
75, V K Rajah J held at [18] that this approach calls for the application of
sound discretion rather than a purely rigid or mathematical formula and
generally speaking when a marriage ends a wife is entitled to an equitable
share of the assets she has helped to acquire directly or indirectly. This
approach was reaffirmed by the CA in _BCB v BCC_ [2013] 2 SLR 324 at [10]:

The broad-brush approach is particularly apposite because, in the nature of
things, an approach that is rooted in the forensic search for the actual
financial contributions of the parties towards the acquisition of the assets
will inevitably fail to adequately value the indirect contributions made
towards the other expenses that are incurred in the course of raising a family
and will also be a heavily fact-centric exercise. Moreover, these facts will
typically not be borne out by contemporaneous records, as underscored by the
court in _Soh Chan Soon v Tan Choon Yock_ [1998] SGHC 204 at [6] (cited by
this court in [_NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743]). _The broad-based approach also
avoids what this court has described as an otherwise fruitless "mechanistic
accounting procedure reflected in the form of an arid and bloodless balance
sheet" that "would be contrary to the letter and spirit of the legislative
scheme" underlying s 112_ (see _NK v NL_ at [36], an observation which was
most recently referred to by this court in _AYQ v AYR_ [2013] 1 SLR 476 at
[18]). Indeed, such a broad yet principled approach enables us to strike a
balance between the search for a just and principled outcome in each case and
the need to remain sensitive to the nuances of each fact situation we are
confronted with. We pause to note - parenthetically - that this is why the
Singapore courts have avoided extreme points of departure. For example, this
court has held that there is no starting point, presumption or norm of an
equal division of matrimonial assets, a holding that is wholly consistent with
the legislative background which resulted in s 112 and its concomitant broad-
brush approach (see, for example, the decision of this court in _Lock Yeng Fun
v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 at [50]-[58]). Another example - to be
considered in a moment - is the fact that the court will take into account
both direct as well as indirect contributions by both parties to the marriage.
[emphasis added]

I shall list out the matrimonial assets which the court has to determine. To
arrive at a just and equitable division of matrimonial assets, the court has
to consider the extent of direct and indirect contributions of the parties.

Matrimonial assets for division

35 The following table sets out the matrimonial assets for division between
the parties:

No |  Items |  Value  
---|---|---  
1. |  Blk 239 Compassvale Walk Singapore 540239[note: 37] |  Estimated value: $552,500   
2. |  56 Punggol Walk A Treasure Trove Singapore 828833[note: 38] |  Estimated Value - $1,130,852.80  Less Loan - $875,000.00 Balance - $255,852.80  
3. |  Audi car[note: 39] |  $190,000.00 Loan - $206,553.57  
4. |  The husband’s insurance policies[note: 40] |  $39,399.10  
5. |  Money in the wife’s bank account[note: 41] |  $2,177.29  
6. |  Husband’s bank accounts as disclosed |  $8,706.87  
7. |  Wife’s insurance policies[note: 42] |  $25,536.20  
8. |  Wife’s shares[note: 43] |  $5,397.60  
9. |  Husband’s Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) money[note: 44] |  $27,481.00 (Ordinary) $41,652.00 (Medisave) $91,119.00 (Special) $160,252.00  
10. |  Wife’s CPF money[note: 45] |  $30,849.71 (Ordinary) $39,912.36 (Medisave) $41,254.72 (Special) $112,016.79  
|  **Total:** |  **$1,161,838.65**  
  
  

Financial contributions of the husband and wife for the matrimonial home at
Compassvale Walk

36 The main matrimonial asset owned by the husband and the wife is Block 239
Compassvale Walk Singapore 540239 (“the Compassvale Property”). Before the
divorce proceedings commenced, the wife’s direct financial contribution
towards the repayment of the loan for this property was higher than the
husband and was in the region of 59% to 41% in her favour.[note: 46] On 16
September 2012, a few days after the Interim Judgement was issued, the husband
paid up the outstanding mortgage in full, the sum being $102,213.35 from his
CPF.[note: 47] With this, the direct financial contribution of the husband and
wife for the matrimonial home is now 70% to 30% in favour of the husband.

Financial contributions of the husband and wife for the purchase of Treasure
Trove

37 There is also another matrimonial property at 56 Punggol Walk A Treasure
Trove Singapore 828833 (“Treasure Trove”), which is held in the sole name of
the husband.[note: 48] Prior to the purchase of this property, the parties had
purchased 18 Flora Drive, Ferraria Park (“Ferraria Park”), which was in joint
names. The wife contributed $19,465.56 of her CPF money towards the purchase
of this property.[note: 49] This property was subsequently sold and the
parties disputed the distribution of the proceeds of sale from this property
sale.

38 The wife alleged that the proceeds of $200,000 from the sale of this
property were deposited into the joint POSB account of the husband and wife.
Subsequently, this sum was transferred to the husband’s personal
account.[note: 50] On the other hand, the husband submitted that the proceeds
from the sale of Ferraria Park were $100,000 and not $200,000.[note: 51] He
claimed that he paid for the initial payment, legal fees, stamp fee, agent’s
commission, etc as well as gave $50,000 to his wife.[note: 52] The wife denied
having received the $50,000.[note: 53]

39 The wife also alleged that the proceeds of the sale of Ferraria Park was
used to purchase Treasure Trove and that the husband admitted that Treasure
Trove was bought with matrimonial funds. However, the husband alleged that he
paid 20% of the purchase price ($21,800) of Treasure Trove with fresh funds.
He borrowed $70,000 from his mother and $80,000 from his sister.[note: 54] He
also claimed to have borrowed money from his relatives for the down
payment.[note: 55] However, I find that the husband’s claims are bare
assertions.[note: 56] There are no affidavits from his mother, sister and
relatives which if true he could easily obtain.

Purchase of the Audi

40 The husband sold the Mitsubishi and bought an Audi around October
2013.[note: 57] He has not revealed the proceeds from the sale of the
Mitsubishi. The outstanding loan for the Audi is $206,553.57 while its value
is only $190,000.[note: 58] Hence this is a negative asset and I have not
included this into the net total of the matrimonial assets.

Indirect contributions

41 With respect to indirect contributions, I note that the parties did not
employ a domestic helper to assist in the running of the household. The whole
responsibility of caring for the needs of their sons and the husband thus fell
on the shoulders of the wife. The husband alleged that he had contributed
indirectly to the family especially when he was unemployed and during the
better years of their marriage.[note: 59] I am of the view that between the
husband and the wife, the latter made significantly more indirect
contributions towards the family during the marriage.

What would be a just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets?

The husband’s claim

42 The husband submitted that he should be given almost all the matrimonial
assets besides those assets in the name of the wife. His claims were basically
for:[note: 60]

(a) 100% of the Compassvale Property worth $552,500;

(b) 100% of Treasure Trove with a net worth of $255,852.80; and

(c) all the rest of the matrimonial assets belonging to him with a net asset
value of $630,350.

(i) his insurance policies worth $39,399.10;

(ii) the money in his bank account amounting to $8,706.87; and

(iii) his CPF money amounting to $160.252.

In total, his claims amount to 88% of the matrimonial assets against the
wife’s 12%.

The wife’s claim

43 On the other hand, the wife submitted that she should be given the
Compassvale Property and those assets in her sole name:[note: 61]

(a) 100% of the Compassvale Property worth $552,500;

(b) the money in her bank account amounting to $2,177.29;

(c) her insurance policies worth $25,536.20;

(d) the shares in her name worth $5,397.60; and

(e) her CPF money amounting to $112,016.79.

44 This would amount to about 60% for the wife and 40% against the husband of
the matrimonial assets.

Review of relevant cases on division of matrimonial assets

45 A review of past precedents would be helpful in the determination of what
would be a just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets. In _Chan
Yuen Boey v Sia Hee Soon_ [2012] 3 SLR 402, Steven Chong J reviewed the past
cases and came to the conclusion that “the proportion awarded to homemaker who
have made modest financial contributions for marriages lasting 17 to 35 years
with children ranged between 35% to 50% of the total matrimonial assets.” He
held at [34] to [35] that:

34 From my review of the cases, _the proportion awarded to homemaker wives who
have made modest financial contributions for marriages lasting 17 to 35 years
with children ranged between 35% to 50% of the total matrimonial assets_ (see
_ZD v ZE_ [2008] SGHC 225, _Tan Cheng Guan v Tan Hwee Lee_ [2011] 4 SLR 1148,
_AXC v AXD_ [2012] SGHC 15, _Wong Ser Wan v Ng Cheong Ling_ [2006] 1 SLR(R)
416, _Yow Mee Lan v Chen Kai Buan_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 659, _Rosaline Singh v
Jayabalan Samidurai_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 457 and _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 ("_Lock Yeng Fun_ ")). Where the wife also worked and
supported the family financially, the courts have not hesitated to award her
up to 60% of the total assets (see _Lim Choon Lai v Chew Kim Heng_ [2001] 2
SLR(R) 260 and _Tan Bee Bee v Lim Kim Chin_ [2004] SGHC 242 ("_Tan Bee Bee_
")).

35 The exceptions, where the apportionment in favour of the wife was less than
35%, typically concerned cases where the total pool of matrimonial assets had
been very substantial, in excess of $100m (see, _Ng Ngah Len @ Datin Sandra
Kuah v Kuah Tian Nam @ Dato Peter Kuah_ [2003] SGHC 109 ("_Ng Ngah Len_ ") and
_Yeo Chong Lin (CA)_). In those exceptional situations, the apportionment to
the wife had been, in absolute terms, substantial.

[emphasis added]

46 The CA in _BCB v BCC_ [2013] 2 SLR 324 also undertook an exhaustive inquiry
into cases where the marriages were ten years or longer, the couples had
children, both parties were working and where the husband had greater direct
financial contributions than the wife. Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA relied on an
empirical study by Lim Hui Min entitled “Matrimonial Asset Division: The Art
of Achieving a Just and Equitable Result” in _SAL Conference 2011:
Developments in Singapore Law between 2006 and 2010, Trends and Perspectives_
(Yeo Tiong Min, Hans Tjio & Tang Hang Wu gen eds) (Academy Publishing, 2011)
at pp 191–243. Paragraph 101 of the article was cited by the CA at [13]:

It appears that when the husband has greater direct financial contributions to
the matrimonial assets than the wife, who is an 'ordinary' working mother, the
wife will get about 40% of the pool of matrimonial assets, which will be more
than her direct financial contributions.

47 These precedents provide useful guidance. In this case the wife had
substantially financed the purchase of the Compassvale Property. Her direct
contribution was about 30% after the husband had paid $102,314.35 from his CPF
account towards the matrimonial home at about the time of the Interim
Judgement.[note: 62] As for the purchase of Treasure Trove, I find that the
down payment of $218,800 came from the matrimonial funds, especially from the
proceeds of the sale of Ferraria Park.[note: 63] Therefore, the wife had made
substantial financial contributions towards the two matrimonial properties,
which are the two main matrimonial assets in this case.

Should an adverse inference be drawn against either party?

48 During the course of proceedings, an issue of adverse inference arose
because both parties alleged that the other had not made full and frank
disclosure of the assets, and urged the court to draw an adverse inference
against the other.[note: 64] The law on drawing adverse inferences is
succinctly stated in the CA case of _Koh Bee Choo v Choo Chai Huah_ [2007]
SGCA 21 at [28]:

We consider that the trial judge was correct in rejecting the Wife’s plea to
do so. It is well established that in order for a court to draw an adverse
inference, there must, in the first place, be some substratum of evidence that
establishes a _prima facie_ case against the person against whom the inference
is to be drawn. In addition, it must be shown that the person against whom the
inference is to be drawn has some particular access to the information he is
said to be hiding (perhaps because it is peculiarly within his knowledge). In
other words, the court’s ability to draw an adverse inference does not and
cannot displace the legal burden of proof that continues to lie with the
plaintiff, or, as in this appeal, the Wife.

49 I have perused the submissions of each party and I accepted the explanation
of the wife regarding the purported case of false declaration to the Ministry
of Education[note: 65] which was corroborated by the younger son’s
affidavit.[note: 66] I also accepted the wife’s explanation that she has a
joint DBS bank account with her mother. However, I am unable to accept the
husband’s explanation that he borrowed monies from his mother, sister and
relatives to pay for the 20% down payment amounting to $218,800 for the
purchase of Treasure Trove.[note: 67] There are no affidavits from his mother
and sister. Why is this so? In the absence of proof, I am unable to accept his
bare assertions.

50 The husband also failed to account with supporting evidence the proceeds of
the sale of the Ferraria Park property and the sale of the Mitsubishi car. He
also claimed that his monthly expenses amounted to $17,656.[note: 68] However,
the bank accounts that he disclosed showed amounts, which made it hard to
believe he could afford such a lavish lifestyle.

51 For the above reasons, I find that the husband has not made a full and
frank disclosure of his assets and I draw an adverse inference against him.
Taking into account the direct and indirect contributions of the parties, I am
of the view that a just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets would
be 45% for the wife and 55% for the husband. I also award an additional 5% to
the wife because of the adverse inference drawn against the husband.
Therefore, the wife will have 50% share of the matrimonial assets. As the wife
will have custody, care and control of the son she will have the first option
to the matrimonial home, which is the Compassvale Property.

Issue 3: The maintenance of the sons and the wife

The maintenance of the sons

52 The parties gave an indication of the expenses of the two sons. The
following comparative tables regarding the expenses of the sons from the
perspective of the wife and husband are as follows:

The older son  
---  
Description |  Defendant’s Assessment |  Plaintiff’s Assessment  
a. |  Pocket money ($60 per week) |  $240.00 |  $240.00  
b. |  Food |  $200.00 |  $500.00  
c. |  Mobile phone |  $40.00 |  $40.00  
d. |  School fees |  $13.00 |  $13.00  
e. |  School books/uniforms ($450 per year) |  $33.33 |  $33.33  
f. |  Hair cut |  $10.00 |  $10.00  
g. |  Clothing/shoes/assessment books ($450 per year) |  $37.50 |  $37.50  
h. |  Medical fees ($60 x 3 times a year approximately) |  $15.00 |  $15.00  
i. |  Transport  |  $45.00 |  $45.00  
j. |  School trips ($200 per year) |  NIL |  $16.67  
k. |  Outings with friends |  NIL |  $80.00  
l. |  Travelling allowance ($1800 per year) |  NIL |  $150.00  
**Total per month** |  $633.83 |  $1,180.50  
The younger son  
Description |  Defendant’s Assessment |  Plaintiff’s Assessment  
a. |  Pocket money ($60 per week) |  $240.00 |  $240.00  
b. |  Food |  $200.00 |  $500.00  
c. |  Mobile phone |  $40.00 |  $40.00  
d. |  School fees |  $13.00 |  $13.00  
e. |  School books/uniforms ($450 per year) |  $33.33 |  $33.33  
f. |  Hair cut |  $10.00 |  $10.00  
g. |  Clothing/shoes/assessment books ($450 per year) |  $37.50 |  $37.50  
h. |  Medical fees ($60 x 3 times a year approximately) |  $15.00 |  $15.00  
i. |  Transport  |  $45.00 |  $45.00  
j. |  School trips ($200 per year) |  NIL |  $16.67  
k. |  Outings with friends |  NIL |  $40.00  
l. |  Travelling allowance ($1800 per year) |  NIL |  $150.00  
**Total per month** |  **$633.83** |  **$1,140.50**  
  
  

53 From the comparative table above, I noticed that the parties have agreed on
a number of items. They disagreed however with the estimate for food. The wife
included school trips, outing with friends and travelling allowances as part
of the son’s expenses. The husband, however, opined that those items are
unnecessary.

54 The maintenance of the sons is a shared responsibility. In this case, I am
mindful that I have given custody, care and control to the wife. It is a heavy
responsibility. The husband claims that he is now unemployed. Prior to the
divorce, I note that he was capable of earning much more than his wife. I find
that with his former experience of being a CFO of a relatively large company,
his prospects of reemployment remain bright. Taking all the circumstances into
consideration, I order that the husband pays $700 per month for each of the
two sons with effect from 1 November 2012.

The maintenance of the wife

55 The husband does not wish to pay for the maintenance of the wife.[note: 69]
He alleged that the wife is working as a part-time accountant earning about
$3,000 per month. If she worked full time, she could earn about $10,000 per
month.[note: 70] The wife, who is now 46 years old, is asking for lump sum
maintenance of $366,560.16. This amount is derived by using the multiplier of
19 years, _ie_ , up to the age of 65 years old, at $1,607.72 per month.[note:
71] The table below sets out the wife’s expenses together with the comments of
the husband regarding those expenses:[note: 72]

Item |  Wife’s claim  |  Husband’s response to wife’s claim  
---|---|---  
**Insurance expenses**  
Insurance–NTUC Life Policy |  $39.10 |  The wife has not shown evidence of these expenses.  
Insurance–NTUC DPS  |  $7.00  
Insurance–AIA Life Policy |  $72.00  
Insurance–AIA (Son) Life Policy |  $57.56  
Insurance–AVIVA Eldershield  |  $18.15  
Medishield |  S$9.50  
Medishield (Son) |  S$2.75  
**Total insurance expenses:** |  **$193.81** |   
**Personal expenses**  
Food  |  $500.00 |  The wife’s expenses are on the high end and she has not shown the receipts for her claim in respect of facial/hair products.  
Hypertension medication ($80 for 2 months) |  $40.00  
Medical fees ($100 x 3 times a year) approximately |  $25.00  
Yearly blood test, urine test and thyroid test ($200 per year) approximately |  $16.66  
Facial/hair products |  $120.00  
Clothing/shoes/bags/accessories/ hair grooming ($840 per year) |  $70.00  
Telephone bills |  $50.00 |   
Transportation |  $120.00  
Allowance/Red packets ($720 per year) |  $60.00 |  The husband should not be made liable to pay for red packets.  
Travelling allowance ($1,800.00 per year) |  $150.00 |  The wife knows that he had “been paying for the holiday trips” and they are not routine.   
Pocket money for parents |  $250.00 |  The husband says he should not be liable to pay for the wife’s parents’ pocket monies  
**Household expenses**  
Town Council |  $63.50 |  Husband does not deny wife paid for these and is still paying for them even though she has moved out of the matrimonial flat.  
Broadband/Telephone bills |  $79.90  
HDB property tax/TV licence ($125 per year) |  $10.42  
Utilities (For 4 people) |  $200.00 |  Husband says he paid for these but tendered no evidence.  
Domestic helper once a year for spring cleaning |  $8.33  
Air conditioner servicing ($40 twice a year) |  $6.67  
Household items/groceries |  $180.00  
Rental |  $600.00 |   
Total personal and household expenses: |  $2050.48 |   
  
  

56 On the issue of the wife’s maintenance, firstly, I have to decide whether
she should be given maintenance. If the answer is yes, then I have to
determine the appropriate and just amount for her maintenance. Section 113 of
the WC, states that “the court may order a man to pay maintenance to his wife
or former wife”. Section 114 of the WC stipulates a myriad of non-exhaustive
factors that the court should take into account for the assessment of the
maintenance:

114\. —(1) In determining the amount of any maintenance to be paid by a man to
his wife or former wife, the court shall have regard to all the circumstances
of the case including the following matters:

(_a_) the income, earning capacity, property and other financial resources
which each of the parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future;

(_b_) the financial needs, obligations and responsibilities which each of the
parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future;

(_c_) the standard of living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the
marriage;

(_d_) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(_e_) any physical or mental disability of either of the parties to the
marriage;

(_f_) the contributions made by each of the parties to the marriage to the
welfare of the family, including any contribution made by looking after the
home or caring for the family; and

(_g_) in the case of proceedings for divorce or nullity of marriage, the value
to either of the parties to the marriage of any benefit (for example, a
pension) which, by reason of the dissolution or annulment of the marriage that
party will lose the chance of acquiring.

(2) In exercising its powers under this section, the court shall endeavour so
to place the parties, so far as it is practicable and, having regard to their
conduct, just to do so, in the financial position in which they would have
been if the marriage had not broken down and each had properly discharged his
or her financial obligations and responsibilities towards the other.

57 Bearing in mind the above provisions and her expenses, I am of the view
that the wife’s claim for maintenance is on the high side. I agree with the
husband that pocket money for the wife’s parents at $250 per month should not
be included in the wife’s expenses. A fair amount for the maintenance of the
wife will be $1,200 per month with effect from 1 November 2012.

58 I am also not inclined to award lump sum maintenance for her. The wife is
about 46 years old and it is possible that she may re-marry in the future.
Thus it would be fairer to award a monthly maintenance instead. If there are
changes in the circumstances of either party, they can separately apply for a
variation order. For the sake of clarity, I have built into their maintenance
orders the monthly household expenses of $548.82 as such a sum cannot be a
standalone order.

Conclusion

59 The summary of my orders is as follows:

(a) The wife will have care and control of the sons.

(b) The parties shall have joint custody of the sons, on the condition that
the wife shall be the final decision-maker with respect to all decisions in
which the parties cannot agree upon.

(c) The wife will have a 50% share of the total matrimonial assets with the
first option to acquire the Compassvale Property. If this option is not
exercised within six months of the judgement, the Compassvale Property shall
be sold in the open market.

(d) If the wife decides to buy over the Compassvale Property, the husband
shall transfer all his rights, shares and interests in that property to the
wife upon payment of the difference, if any. The wife shall bear all the
expenses for the transfer.

(e) This order is made subject to the Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36, 2013
Rev Ed) (“CPF Act”) and the subsidiary legislation made thereunder. The CPF
Board shall give effect to the terms of this order in accordance with those
provisions.

(f) The husband will pay maintenance of $700 per month for each son with
effect from 1 November 2012.

(g) The husband will pay maintenance of $1,200 per month to the wife with
effect from 1 November 2012.

(h) The Registrar of the Supreme Court is empowered to execute, sign, or
indorse all necessary documents relating to matters contained in this order on
behalf of either party should either party fail to do so within seven days of
the written request being made to the party.

60 There will be no order as to costs.

* * *

[note: 1]PBOA (Ancillary matters) vol 1 at Tab 1 para 5(e).

[note: 2]Older son’s affidavit dated 11 March 2014 at para 1; younger son’s
affidavit dated 11 March 2014 at para 1.

[note: 3]Older son’s affidavit dated 11 March 2014 at para 1; younger son’s
affidavit dated 11 March 2014 at para 1.

[note: 4]DBOA (Ancillary matters) vol 1 Tab 2 at p 12.

[note: 5]DBOA D3 at para 7 and p 110.

[note: 6]Df’s affidavit filed 11 February 2014 at para 2(b).

[note: 7]PBOA (Ancillary matters) vol 1 Tab 2 at p 2.

[note: 8]Pf’s submissions at p 5 para 9.

[note: 9]PBOA (Ancillary matters) Tab 1 at p 30.

[note: 10]Younger son’s affidavit filed 11 March 2014 at para 7.

[note: 11]Older son’s affidavit filed 11 March 2014 at para 32.

[note: 12]Older son’s affidavit filed 11 March 2014 at para 32.

[note: 13]Younger son’s affidavit filed 11 March 2014 at para 17.

[note: 14]Pf’s further submissions at p 6 para 4(l).

[note: 15]Df’s submissions at para 8.

[note: 16]Df’s submissions at para 8.

[note: 17]Df’s submissions at para 9.

[note: 18]Minute sheet dated 17 March 2014; see generally older son’s
affidavit filed 11 March 2014 and younger son’s affidavit filed 11 March 2014.

[note: 19]Older son’s affidavit filed 11 March 2014 at para 39; younger son’s
affidavit filed 11 March 2014 at para 24.

[note: 20]Minute sheet dated 17 March 2014.

[note: 21]Pf’s submissions at para 10.

[note: 22]Pf’s submissions at p 5.

[note: 23]Pf’s submissions at p 6.

[note: 24]Pf’s submissions at p 5 para 6(a).

[note: 25]Pf’s submissions at p 6 para 6(c).

[note: 26]Pf’s submissions at p 6.

[note: 27]Pf’s submissions at p 6.

[note: 28]Pf’s submissions at p 6.

[note: 29]Df’s further submissions at para 3.

[note: 30]Df’s further submissions at para 3.

[note: 31]Pf’s submissions at p 8, incident on 26 Oct 2012.

[note: 32]Pf’s submissions at p 12 para 7–8.

[note: 33]Pf’s submissions at p 8, incident on 18 Oct 2012.

[note: 34]Pf’s submissions at p 9.

[note: 35]Pf’s submissions at p 12 para 8.

[note: 36]Older son’s affidavit dated 11 March 2014 at para 16.

[note: 37]Pf’s submissions at p 29.

[note: 38]Pf’s submissions at p 29.

[note: 39]DBOA (Ancillary matters) (vol 1) Tab 2 para 6.

[note: 40]DBOA (Ancillary matters) (vol 1) Tab 2 p 4.

[note: 41]PBOA (Ancillary matters) (vol 2) Tab5 p 34.

[note: 42]PBOA (Ancillary matters) (vol 1) Tab 2 para 7.

[note: 43]PBOA (Ancillary matters) (vol 1) Tab 2 para 8.

[note: 44]Pf’s submissions at p 29.

[note: 45]PBOA (Ancillary matters) (vol 1) Tab 2 para 10.

[note: 46]Pf’s submissions at p 30.

[note: 47]Pf’s submissions at p 32.

[note: 48]Pf’s submissions at p 33 para 10.

[note: 49]PBOA (Ancillary matters) Tab 2 at p 30.

[note: 50]Pf’s submissions at pp 32–33 para 5.

[note: 51]DBOA D2 para 13.

[note: 52]DBOA (Ancillary matters) (vol 1) at Tab 3 p 4.

[note: 53]PBOA (Ancillary matters) (vol 1) at Tab 4 p 8.

[note: 54]DBOA D3 para 5.

[note: 55]DBOA D2 para 33.

[note: 56]Pf’s submissions at p 35 paras 19–20.

[note: 57]Pf’s submissions at p 36 para 27.

[note: 58]PBOA (Ancillary matters) vol 1 Tab 2 at p 3.

[note: 59]Df’s submissions at para 31.

[note: 60]Df’s submissions at para 60.

[note: 61]Pf’s submissions at p 51 para 35.

[note: 62]Df’s submissions at para 29.

[note: 63]PBOA (Ancillary matters) (vol 1) Tab 2 at p 3.

[note: 64]Df’s submissions at para 38; pf’s submissions at p 41.

[note: 65]PBOA (Ancillary matters) (vol 2) Tab 16 at paras 6–17.

[note: 66]Younger son’s affidavit filed 11 March 2014 at paras 20–21.

[note: 67]See pf’s submissions at p 34 para 16.

[note: 68]Pf’s submissions at p 23.

[note: 69]Df’s submissions at para 16.

[note: 70]Df’s submissions at paras 16 & 19.

[note: 71]Pf’s submissions at p 25 para 17.

[note: 72]Pf’s submissions at pp 13–23.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

