Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Clearlab SG Pte Ltd _v_ Ting Chong Chai and others  
[2014] SGHC 221

Case Number| :| Suit No 691 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 November 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lok Vi Ming SC, Joseph Lee, Tang Jinsheng, Nadia Yeo and
Crystal Goh (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Christopher Woo and
Douglas Wong (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for the first to sixth and ninth
defendants; Jason Chan and Melvin Pang (Amica Law LLC) for the seventh and
eighth defendants.  
Parties| :|  **CLEARLAB SG PTE LTD** — **(1) TING CHONG CHAI** — **(2)
RATHINARAJ DAVID** — **(3) GOH WEE HONG** — **(4) NG CHEE HAN** — **(5)
AQUILUS LENS INTERNATIONAL PTE LTD** — **(6) CENTRAL GLOBAL PTE LTD FKA
CENCORP ENGINEERING PTE LTD** — **(7) MA ZHI** — **(8) LI YUEXIN** — **(9) HO
KAR KIT**  
  
3 November 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff’s primary claims in this suit are that its four ex-employees
(“the ex-employees”) had taken its confidential information and used it for
the benefit of a rival company, which they subsequently joined. The plaintiff
also had ancillary claims against the rival company and its owner as well as
against an ex-contractor of the plaintiff. The plaintiff’s claims are for
breach of confidence, conspiracy, breach of employment contract, breach of
fiduciary duty, inducing breach of contract, dishonest assistance, knowing
receipt, conversion and breach of supply agreement.

2 The trial lasted 49 days. For the reasons given in this judgment, I allow,
in part, the claims for breach of confidence, conspiracy, breach of employment
contract, breach of fiduciary duty and conversion against the four ex-
employees and the rival company and its owner. I dismiss the rest of the
claims. The detailed orders are set out in [330]–[333] and [344]–[345] below.

The facts

The parties

3 The plaintiff is Clearlab SG Pte Ltd (“Clearlab”). It is a company engaged
in the manufacture and sale of contact lens.

4 The first four defendants are the ex-employees. The first defendant is Ting
Chong Chai (“Ting”), the former Head of Engineering and Technology Development
at Clearlab. Whilst working at Clearlab, Ting oversaw the manufacturing
process and the research and development (“R&D”) projects related to the
manufacturing process. The second defendant is Rathinaraj David (“David”),
previously an R&D engineer in Clearlab’s engineering department. David’s work
at Clearlab included preparing lens formulations and developing new lens
material. The third defendant is Goh Wee Hong (“Goh”). He was an assistant
manager of the R&D department charged with designing inserts and directing the
cutting of those inserts. Additionally, he is Ting’s nephew. The fourth
defendant is Ng Chee Han (“Ng”), a former senior optical tooling technician in
the Insert Manufacturing department. His work at Clearlab mainly comprised the
cutting of inserts using a computer numerical control machine known as
Optoform 80\. In this capacity, he worked with Goh to produce the inserts
designed by Goh. David, Goh and Ng were Ting’s subordinates in Clearlab and
they reported to him.

5 The fifth defendant, Aquilus Lens International Pte Ltd (“Aquilus”), is the
company that the ex-employees joined after they left Clearlab. It was
incorporated on 7 July 2010 by the ninth defendant, Ho Kar Kit (“Ho”).

6 Ho is also the owner of the sixth defendant, Central Global Pte Ltd
(formerly known as Cencorp Engineering Pte Ltd) (“Central Global”). Central
Global’s main business is in fitting out factories. It had undertaken 49
remodelling and repair projects for Clearlab.

7 The seventh and eighth defendants are a married couple, Ma Zhi (“Ma”) and Li
Yuexin (“Li”). They have a partnership called OSC Automation Engineering
(“OSC”), through which they undertake engineering projects. Ma is in charge of
the technical aspect of the partnership whereas Li is in charge of the
business aspect. From 2009 to 2010, OSC serviced Clearlab for various
engineering matters. In 2011, Li registered a sole proprietorship, Optic
Automation Engineering (“Optic”). Ma and Li undertook work for Aquilus through
Optic instead of OSC.

8 For the purposes of this suit, there are essentially two groups of
defendants. The first is directly associated with Aquilus, _ie_ , the first
six defendants and the ninth defendant. In parts of this judgment, I have
referred to them as “the defendants”. The second comprises Ma and Li, and
reference to “the defendants” would not include them.

Key events leading up to the dispute

9 As this dispute revolves around very extensive and detailed facts, it is
useful to first set out the key events in a chronological order. Thereafter,
as I analyse each cause of action, the relevant facts which bear on the issues
will be repeated for convenience.

10 The background facts are as follows.

11 Clearlab was incorporated on 24 May 2007 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mi
Gwang Contact Lens Co Ltd (“Mi Gwang”). Dr Park Jong-Gu (“Dr Park”) was
appointed as its chairman, and his wife, Park Hae Kyeung (“Mrs Park”), was
appointed as its managing director. Both Dr Park and Mrs Park are undisputedly
the movers and shakers in Clearlab. On 25 May 2007, a sale and purchase
agreement (“S&P Agreement”) was entered into by Clearlab, Mi Gwang, 1-800
Contacts Inc and Clearlab International Pte Ltd in respect of the “Acquired
Assets”. Briefly, the “Acquired Assets” are a manufacturing facility in
Singapore, all the tangible property, fixed assets and inventory at the
manufacturing facility, intellectual property relating to the products
produced at the manufacturing facility, existing rights relating to supply and
distribution, know-how related to the manufacturing process, capital stock of
Clearlab Europe Ltd and capital stock of Shayna Ltd. Importantly, one of the
intended outcomes of the S&P Agreement was to obtain for Clearlab the right to
use a spincast manufacturing technology to manufacture contact lens.

12 In the second half of 2008, the ex-employees joined Clearlab one after
another. Ting joined first, on 1 July 2008. His nephew, Goh, joined Clearlab
next on 4 August 2008. Then Ng joined on 28 October 2008, and David joined on
3 December 2008. Prior to joining Clearlab, Ting, Goh and David had been
working at another contact lens manufacturer, CIBA Vision.

13 In 2010, three major events unfolded which set the stage for the ex-
employees to leave Clearlab and join Aquilus. First, Aquilus came into
existence. It was incorporated by Ho on 7 July 2010 with $200,000 as its
start-up capital. Two weeks after its incorporation, on 28 July 2010, Ho made
enquires with Clearlab about the possibility of Aquilus becoming a distributor
of Clearlab’s products. This resulted in a meeting on 26 August 2010 between
Ho and Mrs Park at Clearlab’s office on the very matter of distributorship,
but the matter was not taken any further.

14 Second, seeds of friction were sown by the various emails that Ting sent.
His July 2010 emails claimed that Sim Kok Seng (“Simon”), who is the Head of
Regulatory Affairs and Compliance, was hoarding Clearlab’s confidential
documents, displayed “strange” behaviour, was “not a good team player”, and
was perpetually late for work. Ting then insinuated that Simon “might be
looking around for another job”.[note: 1] On 23 July 2010, Ting complained to
Dr Park and Mrs Park that “[t]oday’s Clearlab is becoming too bureaucratic and
inefficient” and that other people in Clearlab “really insulting my presence
[_sic_]” by instructing his engineers to do work without his knowledge. Ting
gave an ultimatum to Dr Park and Mrs Park to “[pay] attention before myself
and my team decide for another career [_sic_]”.[note: 2] The unhappy emails
continued all the way to March 2011, but it was clear by June 2010 that Ting’s
relationship with his other colleagues was increasingly deteriorating.

15 Third, Ho claimed to have steered Aquilus in a new business direction in
October 2010:[note: 3] he decided that Aquilus would undertake the
manufacturing of contacts lens instead of distribution. Consistent with this
decision, he took the following preparatory steps. In February 2011, Ho
engaged Tay Ah Teck John from Synergy Solutions Associates to provide
consultancy services on the ISO certifications that Aquilus would require. In
March 2011, Ho started on the construction of a clean room, increased Aquilus’
capital to $700,000 and got Ting to attend meetings at Aquilus. On 31 March
2011, Ho met Toh Boon Hou William (“Toh”) from TRAXonline Solutions LLP to
discuss Aquilus’ mould base design.

16 By the end of 2011, all the ex-employees had left Clearlab and joined
Aquilus. It began with Ting, who was abruptly dismissed from Clearlab on 26
April 2011. Upon dismissal, Ting left Clearlab’s premises with his personal
laptop which he was using for his work at Clearlab. Ting also attempted to
leave with bags of documents and boxes but was stopped from doing so.

17 On 3 May 2011, Ting commenced full-time work in Aquilus. He was the only
technical personnel at Aquilus at that time; David, Goh and Ng were still
employed at Clearlab, but this was soon to change. Ting approached David, Goh
and Ng individually to offer them employment at Aquilus. All of them accepted
the offer. David signed his letter of offer on 9 May 2011, and Goh and Ng
signed theirs on 10 May 2011. Within the same month, David, Ng and Goh
tendered their resignations to Clearlab. Ng resigned on 25 May 2011 and left
on 24 July 2011, David resigned on 26 May 2011 and left on 25 July 2011 and,
lastly, Goh resigned on 30 May 2011 and left on 29 July 2011\. They did not
disclose to Clearlab that they were leaving to join Aquilus. David said that
he was going back to India to teach, whereas Goh and Ng said that they were
joining an engineering company.

18 Also in May 2011, certain steps were taken which would pave the way for
Aquilus to obtain certifications. On 18 May 2011, Ting got himself engaged by
TQCS International Pty Ltd (“TQCSI”), an audit firm. He signed a document
entitled “Auditors & Technical Specialists Confidentiality Agreement” (“TQCSI
Confidentiality Agreement”), which provided undertakings of confidentiality
from Ting with regard to any audit work that he may partake in. Shortly
afterwards, on 26 May 2011, Looi Peck Eng (“Nancy Looi”), who was Aquilus’
manager, enquired TQCSI about the certification of Aquilus for four standards:
ISO 13485:2003, ISO 14001:2004, ISO 9001:2008 and OHSAS 18001:2007.

19 Aquilus formally applied to TQCSI for the certification of the
aforementioned standards on 1 June 2011.

20 The workforce in Aquilus expanded when David, Goh and Ng started work at
Aquilus on 1 August 2011. The capital of Aquilus was also expanded when Ho
increased it to $1.8m. At the same time, Ho issued 360,000 shares (_ie_ , 20%
of the total number of shares in Aquilus) to Ting’s wife, Kerk Bong Chee,
which she held as a nominee for Ting. That same month, some members of the
staff of Clearlab spotted Ting and David at a seminar organised by the Health
Sciences Authority of Singapore (“HSA”) and discovered that they were working
for Aquilus. That discovery led Clearlab to investigate the computers used by
the ex-employees.

21 Meanwhile, unaware that Clearlab had formed suspicions about Aquilus, the
defendants made progress with their goal of certifying Aquilus for the three
ISOs and one OHSAS standards. In September 2011, TQCSI was invited to Aquilus’
premises to conduct an audit on Aquilus for the purpose of certification.
Throughout the audit, which took place over a number of days, Ting was on
record as TQCSI’s nominated technical specialist and as having accompanied the
auditors from TQCSI to carry out the audit on Aquilus.

22 On 3 October 2011, Clearlab filed a writ of summons in this suit. The next
day, on 4 October 2011, Clearlab applied, by way of _ex_ _parte_ summons for a
search order, against Ting, David and Aquilus, which it obtained on 6 October
2011. The search order was executed over nine non-consecutive days, starting
from 17 October 2011.

23 On the first day of the search, which is 17 October 2011, the plaintiff’s
solicitors and the supervising solicitor entered Aquilus’ premises. The search
order was served on Nancy Looi, David, Aquilus and Ng. Although it was not
served on Ho, the order was explained to him. By the afternoon, the first to
sixth defendants’ solicitor, Clearlab’s IT forensic expert (Darren Cerasi
(“Cerasi”)) and Clearlab’s representatives (Dr Park, Simon and Wong Yun Hui)
arrived at Aquilus’ premises. The physical search of Aquilus’ premises then
commenced. The search was first conducted of the laboratory area, where Dr
Park took photographs of the chemicals found in the fridge and the contents of
storage cabinets. A set of plastic casts found therein were also tagged. The
search moved on to the cleanroom and photographs of the cleanroom were also
taken. Next, the search was done on the electronic devices at Aquilus’
premises. In particular, during the preview of the hard disk of David’s
computer, the flashdrive found at David’s work station and the hard disk of
Ting’s computer, Clearlab’s documents surfaced. This led Cerasi to image the
three devices.

24 Concurrently, on the same day, a search was conducted of David’s home by a
different team of solicitors. The search order was served on David’s sister-
in-law, who was the owner of the apartment. As part of the search, the
computers and laptop at the apartment were previewed. It was then discovered
that the hard disk of a Dell Inspiron laptop contained a document bearing
Clearlab’s letter and the hard disk of a HP Compaq computer contained files
and folders which were deleted earlier in the day. Both hard disks were
imaged.

25 The following day, 18 October 2011, the search of Aquilus’ premises and
David’s home continued. At Aquilus’ premises, Ting and Goh were served with
the search order. Thereafter, Cerasi resumed his search of the contents of the
electronic devices at Aquilus. He found “SOP-ENG-02-01 Insert Manufacturing
Inventory cvontol.docx” in Goh’s computer hard disk. He also found what Simon
and one of the plaintiff’s solicitors believed to be Ting’s business card in
Nancy Looi’s computer hard disk. Based on that, the two hard disks were
imaged. Meanwhile, a second IT forensic expert (Pravin Pandey (“Pandey”)) who
was brought onto Aquilus’ premises, extracted data from Ting’s Nokia phone and
the Micro SD card contained within that phone.

26 At David’s home, a physical search of the apartment took place but it
revealed nothing that was within the search parameters. With that, the search
at David’s home ended.

27 The search at Aquilus, however, carried on the next day, which is 19
October 2011. Three plastics bags containing PET mould casts (“the PET casts”)
were found in a room and placed in boxes, which were then sealed. In the
afternoon, Pandey started the extraction of data from Goh’s Samsung phone,
David’s Nokia phone and the SIM cards in each of their phones. Because Ho
needed to leave Aquilus’ premises to attend to other matters, his phone was
only visually inspected and the following features were noted down: there were
two inbox messages, no outbox messages, two sent items, two missed calls, five
received calls, five dialled numbers and more than a hundred contacts stored
in Ho’s phone.

28 On the fourth day, 20 October 2011, Pandey previewed Ting’s Gmail and Yahoo
accounts. A keyword search for “Clearlab” produced a number of hits in both
accounts. After accessing certain emails from the accounts, it was decided
that all emails in both accounts would be imaged. Elsewhere in Aquilus’
premises, Cerasi examined Aquilus’ server. A file name search on “Clearlab”
disclosed three hits, which files appeared to be deleted or overwritten. 11
sub-folders were also opened. The first was “Tech file 1 day lens”, which
contained a pdf file Simon identified to be Clearlab’s document. The other ten
sub-folders were named “SOP”. All 69 files contained within these 11 sub-
folders appeared to be deleted or overwritten as well. As such, Cerasi
initiated the imaging of the server data.

29 The imaging process of the server was left running through 21 October 2011,
the fifth day of the search, until 24 October 2011, the sixth day of the
search. On 24 October 2011, due to the premature termination of the imaging
process, it was restarted. It was restarted again on 25 October 2011, the
seventh day of the search for the same reason. On 27 and 28 October 2011, the
eighth and ninth days of the search, the imaging process hung at 99%, was
restarted and terminated at 99%. The plaintiff settled for 99% of imaging and
that essentially concluded the search at Aquilus.

30 After the execution of the search order, there were two other noteworthy
events. The first was the successful certification of Aquilus for the three
ISOs and one OHSAS standards by TQCSI on 3 November 2011, and second was the
departure of Ting and Goh from Aquilus in the midst of the trial, on 31 May
2013.

Ting’s misdemeanours

31 Before leaving the facts, I set out my findings on the egregious manner in
which Ting had conducted himself.

32 Firstly, Ting had attended the meetings in Aquilus while he was employed at
Clearlab. While he was helping Aquilus set up a competing business in this
manner, Ting sent an email to Mrs Park on 24 March 2011, complaining about
Simon and stating that “Many people in the company including me are hoping our
bosses can trust the right person”.[note: 4]

33 Secondly, Ting helped assemble the core team (comprising himself, David,
Goh and Ng) at Aquilus by poaching Clearlab’s employees.

34 Thirdly, he helped himself to Clearlab’s PET casts (even after being
dismissed from Clearlab) by instructing Goh (who was still at Clearlab) to get
those casts for Aquilus. Ting attempted to excuse his behaviour by claiming
that the PET casts were to be discarded by Clearlab because the project had
failed and that the PET casts were never used by Aquilus. None of these
excuses have been corroborated by independent evidence. He did not
satisfactorily explain how, even if the PET casts were to be discarded
eventually, he was entitled to obtain them for Aquilus.

35 Fourthly, he acted as technical specialist in TQCSI’s audit of Aquilus. The
TQCSI Confidentiality Agreement that he signed on 18 May 2011 not only
provided undertakings of confidentiality, it also contained a term that Ting
would ensure that he had not provided consultancy services to Aquilus in the
preceding two years and did not have any personal interest in its affairs. It
also required him to report to TQCSI any matter that may affect his role as
technical specialist. These terms were blithely breached by Ting. Ting joined
Aquilus on 3 May 2011, two weeks before he signed the TQCSI Confidentiality
Agreement. Ting was so totally not independent that his attempts to explain
this conflict beggars belief.

36 This was not the end of the charade. In the course of the audit process,
Ting, aided by the other Aquilus employees, hid the fact that he was an
employee of Aquilus from the audit team. Thus, when Cheng Ying Nung (“Cheng”),
the lead auditor, introduced Ting to the Aquilus employees as a member of his
audit team, he did not recall anything unusual in their response to make him
realise that Ting had any connection with Aquilus. Further, Ting’s name did
not appear in the organisation charts reviewed by the audit team. I find that
“fraudulent” would not be too extreme a word to describe his participation in
this audit.

The key witnesses

37 A large number of witnesses have been called by the parties to give
evidence. In total, there were 17 witnesses from Clearlab and 11 witnesses
from the nine defendants. The key witnesses of fact were the seven defendants
who are natural persons: Ting, David, Goh, Ng, Ho, Ma and Li. Because the
credibility of their accounts of what happened is crucial to my findings of
fact, I will state my observations of their demeanour at the outset. I start
with Ting and his evidence about the TQCSI audit.

38 Under cross-examination, Ting denied that he was employed by TQCSI for the
audit on the basis he did not receive any payment, despite the fact that the
TQCSI Confidentiality Agreement stated that Ting was under the “employment” of
TQCSI. Furthermore, Ting did not produce any evidence that TQCSI did not pay
him, apart from his bare assertion. Ting also denied that there was a conflict
of interest. In Ting’s opinion, his role as a technical specialist meant that
he was there to benefit Aquilus (and presumably not for the purpose of TQCSI
undertaking its role as auditor). This is despite the attendance sheets he
signed which included his name under the category of “Other Auditor(s)”.
Separately, he claimed that he did not participate in the audit because he
only signed the attendance forms at end of the day, and implied that Cheng
knew of it because he had given his Aquilus business card to Cheng when they
met for the first time. But at another point in time, Ting said he was not
involved in the audit because he only helped in the technical aspect of it.
These were very audacious claims, made in the face of evidence totally
inconsistent with what he earlier said.

39 This is not the sole instance of Ting’s demonstrated unreliability as a
witness. There were three other instances.

40 Firstly, in relation to Ting’s recruitment of Goh for Aquilus, Ting first
stated that it was Goh who approached him after Ting’s dismissal on 26 April
2011. According to Ting, Goh had problems working with Wong Sie Hung (“Wong”),
the person who replaced Ting, because they had a falling out over a
partnership they formed for a restaurant business. Ting also said that Goh
told him that “when [Ting] was no longer in Clearlab [Goh] had to look for
other job”.[note: 5] But when Ting was subsequently asked about an Aquilus
meeting of 11 April 2011, he said that he proposed to have Goh join Aquilus by
July because he knew Goh would come if he asked.

41 Secondly, on the matter of Ho’s offer to join Aquilus, Ting said that he
had not accepted the Aquilus job by 3 May 2011, and had in fact gone for
interviews for other jobs. But in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”),[note: 6] Ting said that he accepted Ho’s offer in early March 2011.

42 Thirdly, with regard to the threat of his dismissal from Clearlab, Ting
said in court that in October 2010, Mrs Park had told Simon that Ting would be
dismissed very soon, and Simon had told this to Dr Yip Yuen Sing who then told
Ting. But in his AEIC, Ting mentioned another period: February 2011. Ting said
that he “found out that the MD [_ie_ , Mrs Park] had been secretly talking to
a few of my key subordinates to discuss about their ability to do without me
in the company”.[note: 7] When confronted with the inconsistencies, Ting
explained that these were two different events. I found this explanation to be
spurious; if there were two different events, then it is odd that the October
2010 event was not mentioned in Ting’s AEIC, whereas the February 2011 event,
which revolved around the same topic of Ting’s threatened dismissal, was
considered to be the spark for Ting’s acceptance of Ho’s offer to join
Aquilus.

43 Having considered what Ting said on the stand and the contents of his AEIC,
as well as the other documents put to him, I concluded that Ting was an
entirely unreliable witness. He was quick with glib explanations (which
sometimes led to inconsistent answers) to many questions posed to him. A
particularly difficult area for him was the evidence of his conspiracy with
the other defendants to take Clearlab’s confidential information. Ting was
unable to give a coherent explanation to the evidence of conspiracy; he made
up explanations for each piece of evidence, which did not gel in totality.
Generally, throughout his testimony, Ting did not hesitate to give any answer
that came conveniently to mind to explain away any inconsistency in his
evidence. The common fall-back positions he adopted were that the statements
in the various affidavits he made were mistakes, or he had been confused (_eg_
, about whether he carried one or two bags to dispose of in the early morning
of 18 October 2011).[note: 8] Ting had a tendency to willy-nilly shift his
position as the situation demanded and I construed his evidence accordingly.

44 The second defendant, David, went on the stand after Ting. He seemed to be
somewhat embroiled in inner turmoil. His answers were tentative and he tended
to change tack slightly when questioned for detail. He also manifested
discomfort, such as hesitation or was slightly choked when pressed by
Clearlab’s counsel. On some issues, David had selective memory lapses, some of
which were exposed when his testimony was contradicted by other evidence. For
example, he had instructed Yeoh Jia Yan Sara (“Sara”), a sales and marketing
executive at Aquilus to prepare standard operating procedures (“SOPs”) for
Aquilus, which she admitted she “copy-typed” from Clearlab’s SOPs. On the
stand, David explained that he did not know Sara was not technically trained
and assumed she was and able to draft the SOPs. But in her AEIC[note: 9], Sara
clearly stated that she told David that she was “not qualified and … may have
problems understanding the technical issues”. Further, David’s own email to
Sara instructed her that she “needed to change for Aquilus”, and in one of her
email replies, she stated that she had “removed all mentioned [_sic_] of
Clearlab”.[note: 10] The short time taken by Sara in drafting Aquilus’ SOPs
clearly supports Clearlab’s case that she had relied on the Clearlab SOPs.

45 Another example of David’s prevarication was his explanation of an email
sent by Ting to him which stated as follows: “Dear David, Do take pre-caution
when you tender they might ask you to [_sic_] immediately so be
prepare[d]”.[note: 11] This was sent on 25 May 2011, a day before David
tendered his resignation. David said that the email meant that Clearlab would
ask David to stay on at Clearlab.[note: 12] But that is a strained
interpretation of the words. It is far more likely that Ting thought that
David would be asked to leave immediately as that was Ting’s experience at
Clearlab. In the course of cross-examination on this point, David introduced
the concepts of “not very confidential” to documents that he had removed from
Clearlab which were marked as confidential. This was clearly a lame
justification for his removal of those documents and he had to be taken to
task on the lack of logic in his answer before he accepted that such documents
were confidential.

46 In other parts of his evidence, David made excuses for his behaviour which
sounded thin. The two chief excuses he relied on for sending Clearlab’s
documents to Ting and taking Clearlab’s documents were that: (a) he was, at
the time, not thinking properly, and (b) the documents were taken for his own
reference.

47 In view of the foregoing, I found David to be an unreliable witness and
treated his testimony with much circumspection.

48 The third defendant, Goh, appeared to be cooperative, but his answers about
his work in designing inserts turned out to be highly inconsistent.

49 Clearlab’s primary allegation against Goh is that he had used its
confidential “spincastsphere6” computer program (“SCS6”) to design inserts in
Aquilus. In response, Goh simply said that he had not used SCS6 but had
instead used a commercially available software called SolidWorks. However, Goh
met with considerable difficulty on 18 February 2014 when he tried to
demonstrate in court that he was able to use SolidWorks to design inserts.
When he drew a curve for a zero power lens, and inputted the values from
SolidWorks into the Multi-Curve Generator program (“MCG”), he found that the Z
values were different. He explained that, on the first cut, he had to use MCG
to get the Z value. Then, on cross-examination, he said he switched between
MCG and SolidWorks several times in order to get his first cut design. By
contrast, in his earlier examination-in-chief, he had adhered to what he had
said in his AEIC which was that the values from SolidWorks can be inputted
into MCG,[note: 13]_ie_ , MCG was not involved at all until the SolidWorks
design was completed. Then on 19 February 2014, Goh said that there was no
need to go to MCG, and that the description in his AEIC was correct. It would
appear from the way Goh’s evidence evolved that he was making things up as he
went along.

50 Further, Goh’s explanations for the inconsistencies were weak. He said that
he had not used SolidWorks for eight months and hence had made mistakes.
However if SolidWorks was something that he used since 2009, it was difficult
to understand how could he have forgotten whether MCG was involved in the
design process.

51 Goh also claimed in his AEIC[note: 14] that he abandoned SCS6 at Clearlab,
and he clarified in cross-examination that this was by 2009. But this was
contradicted by documents[note: 15] which showed that he had used SCS6 in
Clearlab up to 2010. Goh attempted to explain it away by saying that the SCS6
description was false.[note: 16] He said he was afraid to put down SolidWorks
as the actual software being used because he might be questioned on his method
and be required to change all “related” documents, even those that were not
submitted by him.[note: 17] Later on, Goh proffered another explanation and
said that that the numbers in the working papers were generated using SCS6 but
they are “for show” only, _ie_ , cannot be used for production.[note: 18] In
relation to a specific document with job reference number “DA1P06OT47”, Goh
explained that “T47” in the job reference number means that the document was a
record of the 47th test carried out by him. He said that it was not normal to
have so many tests, but 47 tests took place because he had not yet figured out
how to produce good lenses with SCS6.[note: 19] His evidence seemed to
vacillate according to the documents put before him.

52 In view of Goh’s frequent changes of evidence (in respect of the
SolidWorks/MCG demonstration as well as the usage/non-usage of SCS6 in
Clearlab), I found him to be an unreliable witness. I was unable to accept any
of his evidence about his purported ability to design inserts using
SolidWorks.

53 The fourth defendant and the last of the ex-employees, Ng, was generally a
cooperative witness. He was quite prepared to admit to wrongdoing in terms of
his taking of documents belonging to Clearlab and to their confidentiality.
His mode of taking these documents was to forward his office emails
(containing the documents as attachments) to his personal email account. This
occurred sporadically from May 2011 to July 2011. The reason for doing so, he
claimed, was for “self-improvement”.

54 Despite his overall candour, I cannot believe his explanation that he took
Clearlab’s documents for “self-improvement”. This was simply too incredible,
given (a) the volume of such documents, which contained technical details
rather than scientific principles, and (b) the timing (_ie_ , the documents
were forwarded at a time when David was also sending Ting Clearlab’s documents
and Aquilus was being set up in a hurry). The circumstances point very
strongly to a deliberate decision to convert Clearlab’s documents for use at
Aquilus. I had no doubt that Ng was taking the documents for the purpose of
using them in Aquilus.

55 The ninth defendant, Ho, is the principal owner of Aquilus. Much of his
evidence was relevant on the question of Clearlab’s claim of the existence of
a conspiracy involving him and the ex-employees.

56 In terms of his demeanour, I observed that he was fast in giving his
answers. At times, he was candid, _eg_ , when he admitted that Ting was
playing active role when he sat in the Aquilus meetings. But when things got
awkward, he tended to shift his answers, which showed that he was making up
evidence. An example would be the reasons he gave for deleting documents on
the first day of the search. In cross-examination, Ho was referred to his AEIC
which stated that the deletion was done in “a moment of panic”.[note: 20] Ho
explained that, after Ting told him that he had deleted Clearlab’s documents
from his desktop computer, Ho deleted the server data as well because he
thought documents on desktop computers would be replicated in the
server.[note: 21] When confronted with another paragraph of his AEIC,[note:
22] where Ho said he deleted the server data because he did not want Clearlab
to get Aquilus’ confidential documents, he said that that was also the reason.
This inconsistency casts doubt on the veracity of either explanation.

57 As for the seventh and eighth defendants, Ma and Li, I find them to be
generally frank and credible. During Ma’s cross-examination, he gave answers
which clearly helped Clearlab, _eg_ , he acknowledged that he used the design
of a spin-cast machine (“Quad Spinner”) that he did for Clearlab to design the
spin-cast machines (“Lens Forming Machines”) for Aquilus. Ma seemed to be more
interested in giving an accurate answer than to protect his position. The only
doubtful parts of his testimony concerned the setting up of Optic, and OSC’s
and Optic’s bank account statements. When the questions involved OSC or Optic,
Ma appeared reticent and uncomfortable and was eager to divert the questions
to his wife, Li.

58 Like Ma, Li was generally consistent in her answers. For example, in both
cross-examination and re-examination, she explained that Optic was set up in
order to retain work from Clearlab because she recognised that Clearlab would
terminate their relationship if it learnt that OSC was supplying machines to
Aquilus, a competitor. There was no guile in this answer. She said that she
herself terminated work with a vendor who did work for her competitor. On this
topic, I was inclined to believe that she was telling the truth.

Breach of confidence

59 Clearlab’s primary case was that Ting, David, Goh, Ng, Aquilus, Ho, Ma and
Li (_ie_ , all the defendants, except Central Global) were in breach of
confidence because they had wrongfully used its confidential information to
set up a competing business in Aquilus.

The technology

60 To set the claim of breach of confidence in context, it will be useful to
describe the confidential information at the heart of this claim. It is about
contact lens and manufacturing of contact lens.

61 Contact lens correct vision in the same way as conventional spectacle lens:
by refracting light entering the eye in such a manner as to enable the eye to
focus the light on the retina. Refraction is achieved by the curvature of the
lens. There are three methods of manufacturing contact lens: lathe cutting,
cast moulding and spincasting. Clearlab uses both the cast mould method as
well as the spin-cast method to manufacture contact lenses. But it is mainly
in respect of spincasting that the defendants were alleged to have breached
their obligations of confidence to Clearlab.

62 In spincasting, a monomer (which is a liquid) is placed in a spherical
indentation in a cast and rotated at a certain speed. This causes the monomer
to spread outwards inside the indentation. The bottom of the monomer adopts
the shape of the indentation and this is the convex surface of the lens that
is eventually formed. During spinning, the monomer is cured by means of ultra-
violet (“UV”) light. Curing causes the monomer to polymerise, turning it into
a clear solid in the shape of the contact lens. While the principle is not
difficult to understand, the first hurdle is to obtain the right design for
the shape of the indentation, the monomer formula and the spin rate in order
to produce lens that achieve the desired optical correction. The next hurdle
is to get the right processes in place with the necessary regulatory
certifications to be able to manufacture contact lenses on an industrial scale
and with a satisfactory level of consistency and quality.

63 The process of manufacturing spin-cast lens at Clearlab begins with the
design of the lens. A trial design of the shape of the lens is carried out
with SCS6. This program computes the dimensions of the dry lens when it is fed
with certain parameters such as optical correction, lens diameter, _etc_. The
dimensions obtained from SCS6 are fed into the MCG, which generates a job
cutting file that is loaded into an Optoform 80 machine. The Optoform 80
machine reads the file and grinds one end of an aluminium rod into the shape
of the convex surface of the lens. This is the insert; it is used to form the
indentation of the cast mould. The exact amount of monomer is placed in the
mould and it is spun in an inert environment of nitrogen gas and cured with UV
light. At this stage, the lens is dry. The dry lens is hydrated by addition of
a saline solution, becoming the wet lens that is worn by the user. This wet
lens is tested for optical properties. If it does not achieve the desired
optical power, corrections to the lens design are made manually, using
SolidWorks software to visualise the lens shape and make adjustments. Another
insert is made based on this new lens shape and the process is repeated until
a lens design that achieves the desired optical properties is produced. The
process is repeated for the various levels of optical correction to be
manufactured. These designs are then used for large scale manufacturing of the
lens for sale. The production process is essentially the same with the
addition of the packaging process wherein the lens are sealed in the mould
cast which is also used as the packaging for the lens.

The applicable law

64 To succeed in an action for breach of confidence where no contract is
involved, three elements have to be proven. They are set out by Megarry J in
the seminal case of _Coco v A N Clark (Engineers) Ltd_ [1969] RPC 41 (“ _Coco_
”) at 47 and have since been cited with approval in a number of Singapore
cases: see _X Pte Ltd and another v CDE_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 575 at [27] and _PH
Hydraulics & Engineering Pte Ltd v Intrepid Offshore Construction Pte Ltd and
another_ [2012] 4 SLR 36 at [55]:

(a) First, the information must possess the necessary quality of
confidentiality.

(b) Second, the information must have been imparted in circumstances importing
an obligation of confidence.

(c) Third, there must be an unauthorised use of that information to the
detriment of the party communicating it.

65 Where there is a contract expressly or impliedly imposing an obligation of
confidence, as is the case for the ex-employees as well as Ma and Li, the
second element may be satisfied simply by reference to the contract.

Distinction between mere confidential information and trade secrets

66 A preliminary issue arose in respect of the character of the information
sought to be protected. As mentioned above, the first element requires the
information to have the necessary quality of confidentiality. It is trite that
the confidentiality requirement is satisfied if the information is relatively
inaccessible to the public, _ie_ , it has not become public knowledge. It is
not necessary to differentiate amongst the different degrees of
confidentiality.

67 However, if the breach of confidence claim is made against an ex-employee,
the law has taken care to distinguish between “skill and knowledge” belonging
to an ex-employee and “confidential information” belonging to the ex-employer.
The law recognises that in the post-employment situation, while an ex-
employer’s confidential information should be protected, the scope of
protection should not unreasonably encroach upon the ex-employee’s ability to
utilise his skill and knowledge to compete with the ex-employer or to seek
alternative employment in the same field. Thus, in _Ocular Sciences Ltd_ _&
anr v Aspect Vision Care Ltd __& ors_ [1997] RPC 289, Laddie J observed at
370–371 that, a matter of public policy, an employee should be entitled to use
his skill and knowledge, whether or not it is confidential to the employer at
time of acquisition, and that if the ex-employee’s right to restrain misuse of
his confidential information collides with the public policy of allowing an
ex-employee to freely use his acquired skill and knowledge, it is the latter
which prevails. For completeness, it should also be stated that the usage of
such skill and knowledge by the ex-employee may be restrained where the ex-
employee is bound by a restraint of trade clause. But the claim in such an
action arises from contract and not from any duty of confidentiality.

68 Apart from the category of information under “skill and knowledge”, there
is some indication that a further distinction should be drawn between “trade
secrets” and “mere confidential information” (_ie_ , confidential information
of a lesser degree of confidentiality than trade secrets). In _Faccenda
Chicken Ltd v Fowler and others_ [1987] 1 Ch 117 (“ _Faccenda Chicken (CA)_
”), there is a suggestion that an express covenant is not capable of
restraining an ex-employee from using confidential information which falls
short of a trade secret. This has significant implications for the parties as
it means that Clearlab cannot protect its mere confidential information (as
opposed to trade secrets) from further use or disclosure by the ex-employees.

69 Before addressing the parties’ submissions on this issue, it is apposite to
examine the decision in _Faccenda Chicken (CA)_. The brief facts are as
follows. A number of employees left the plaintiff company and served a
competing business in selling fresh chickens. None of them were subject to an
express restrictive stipulation. The case put forward by the plaintiff there
was that the defendants had wrongfully used its confidential sales
information, which consisted of the names and addresses of customers, the most
convenient routes to be taken to reach the individual customers, the usual
requirements of individual customers, the days of the week and times of day
when deliveries were made to individual customers, and the prices charged to
individual customers. At first instance, Goulding J treated the sales
information as falling within the second category of information, described as
“which once learned necessarily remains in the servant’s head and becomes part
of his skill and knowledge applied in the course of his master’s business”;
the first category, in comparison, relates to non-confidential information
and, the third category relates to “trade secrets so confidential that … they
cannot lawfully be used for anyone’s benefit but the masters’s”: _Faccenda
Chicken Ltd v Fowler and others_ [1984] ICR 589 (“ _Faccenda Chicken (Ch)_ ”)
at 599C and 600D. In respect of the second category of information, Goulding J
also held that it was not protectable after termination of employment unless
it was the subject of a valid restraint of trade clause.

70 On appeal, Neill LJ disagreed with the view that an express restrictive
covenant may prevent an ex-employee from using the second category of
information, stating (at 137F):

We must therefore express our respectful disagreement with the passage in
Goulding J.’s judgment … where he suggested that an employer can protect the
use of information in his second category, even though it does not include
either a trade secret or its equivalent, by means of a restrictive covenant.

This is strictly _obiter_ , as the _ratio decidendi_ in the case was that the
implied post-employment obligation of confidence owed by the former employees
was restricted to information that is invested with a sufficient degree of
confidentiality to render it a trade secret or its equivalent; accordingly,
the appeal was dismissed because neither the sales information as a whole nor
the information about the prices by itself fell within that class of
information.

71 What is of key concern in the present proceedings is the _obiter dictum_ ,
which seems to suggest that only trade secrets can justifiably be restrained
from use post-employment. It was briefly considered by the Court of Appeal in
_Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man International (S)
Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663 at [86]:

The court in  _Faccenda Chicken_ further held (_per_ Neill LJ at 137) that
even the use of an  _express_ covenant to protect confidential information
falling short of a trade secret  _after_ the contract of employment had come
to an end was  _not_ permitted. Subsequent (and more recent) authorities have
cast doubt on this particular proposition … In Singapore, there has been no
detailed analysis of the difference in views just outlined. The answer may
well lie in the  _approach_ that is adopted. If one is of the view that full
rein should be given to the concept of freedom of contract, an express (as
opposed to an implied) covenant ought to be held to be sufficient to prevent
either the disclosure or use of the confidential information. If, on the other
hand, one adopts the view that it is the  _status_ of the information
concerned that is the critical factor, then the use or disclosure of such
information should be allowed after the employment contract comes to an end,
as that is when the duty of fidelity owed by the employee to his or her
employer simultaneously terminates as well. [emphasis in original]

72 I will add that the answer may also well lie in the notion of trade secret
as applied in _Faccenda Chicken (CA)_. It was observed by Campbell JA in _Del
Casale & ors v Artedomus (Aust) Pty Limited_ [2007] NSWCA 172 at [108] and
[128] that the expression “trade secret” has been used in different contexts
with different imports. It is therefore necessary to decipher the purpose for
which it is being used, on the particular occasion when it is being used.

73 In the _ratio decidendi_ of _Faccenda Chicken (CA)_ , the notion of trade
secret was used as an indicator of whether a term of contract can be implied
to restrain an ex-employee from using the information at the end of the
employment. The holding is that an ex-employee’s implied obligation only goes
as far as to protect trade secrets, so while there is a broad range of
information which is confidential to the ex-employer, only a narrow range of
information which has the requisite high degree of confidentiality as to
constitute trade secrets will in fact be protected in contract.

74 In the _obiter dictum_ , the notion of trade secret was used as a guide to
ascertain the validity of a restrictive covenant. In this separate context, it
seems to have a different meaning. Just before disagreeing with Goulding J,
Neill LJ in _Faccenda Chicken_ _(CA)_ cited _Herbert Morris, Limited v
Saxelby_ [1916] 1 AC 688 (“ _Herbert Morris_ ”) for an example that a
restrictive covenant will not be upheld on the basis of the status of the
information, unless it can be regarded as a trade secret or its equivalent.
Importantly, Lord Parker of Waddington in _Herbert Morris_ , when considering
the validity of a restrictive covenant, said at 709:

Wherever such covenants have been upheld it has been on the ground, _not that
the servant or apprentice would, by reason of his employment or training,
obtain the skill and knowledge necessary to equip him as a possible competitor
in the trade_ , but that he might obtain such personal knowledge of and
influence over the customers of his employer, or such an acquaintance with his
employer’s trade secrets as would enable him, if competition were allowed, to
take advantage of his employer’s trade connection or utilize information
confidentially obtained. [emphasis added]

It seems to me that that “trade secrets”, as understood in the second context,
is used as a juxtaposition to “skill and knowledge”. Restraint of the latter
was unjustifiable because it unduly constrains competition and interferes with
an ex-employee’s right to depend on it to earn a living. In balancing between
the interests of the ex-employer in protecting confidential information and
the interests of the ex-employee to use his skill and knowledge, the law has
come down on the side of the ex-employee. This is less of a question on the
degree of confidentiality necessary to grant protection and more of a question
whether a restraint of trade is reasonable and therefore justified.

75 Understood in this way, _Faccenda Chicken (CA)_ is silent on whether an
express restrictive covenant may legitimately cover confidential information
which is not a trade secret. In my view, parties should be free to agree to
protect the confidential information of the ex-employer, subject always to the
restraint of trade doctrine. It seems to me implausible that the agreement
should collapse at some point along the spectrum of confidentiality, in spite
of parties taking the trouble to define and agree what confidential
information they would protect. On the other hand, it is important to
recognise that confidential information could form part of an ex-employee’s
general skill or knowledge during the course of employment. To the extent that
the restraint against the use of such knowledge and skill is unreasonable, it
could be struck down. This could depend on the nature of the information and
how it is being exploited in particular circumstances. Thus, all things
considered, there is an interplay between the freedom of contract and the
status of the information. While the status of confidential information
generally does not prevent it from being protected as a matter of agreement,
it might, in the appropriate cases, affect the assessment of the
reasonableness of the restraint.

76 I turn, then, to the parties’ submissions on whether there is a distinction
between mere confidential information and trade secrets. Clearlab contended
there need not be one, because mere confidential information is protectable by
an express confidentiality clause. On the facts of the case, an express
confidentiality clause is imposed against the ex-employees in their employment
contracts. Accordingly, it is said that all of Clearlab’s confidential
information is protected.

77 The defendants’ response, in most parts, did not disagree with Clearlab’s
submission. Their sole objection was to the possible restraint against the use
of the ex-employees’ skill and knowledge as part of the confidentiality
clause. The defendants submitted that the skill and knowledge acquired by the
ex-employees did not constitute a legitimate proprietary interest that
Clearlab could protect and furthermore, there is a strong policy reason that
an ex-employee should be free to put his skill and knowledge to use in the
most market-efficient manner. This proposition is echoed in the case of _Ixora
Trading Incorporated and another v Jones and another_ [1990] 1 FSR 251. At
258–259, Mummery J held that an express covenant may protect against post-
employment use of confidential information other than trade secrets, but it
would be unenforceable insofar as the restraint is against information that
has become part of the ex-employee’s skill and knowledge or is otherwise too
wide.

78 In my view, both parties’ submissions are consistent with what I had set
out above: that a line needs to be drawn between confidential information
protected by contract and skill and knowledge gained in the course of
employment. Where they are coterminous, the courts have been disinclined to
enforce the agreement. But if it is merely a question of the degree of
confidentiality of the information, there is no bar against parties agreeing
to protect their confidential information. So long as the information sought
to be protected is confidential to one party, I do not see how any policy
reason why the agreement that such information shall remain confidential
should not be enforced.

79 Upon a reading of the express confidentiality clause that bound the ex-
employees in this case, I agree with Clearlab that all of its confidential
information is protected. The clause covers:

(i) **_information belonging to, acquired by, relating to the Group_** _or any
Group Company, or which is_ **_otherwise proprietary to the Group or any Group
Company which is marked confidential and/or which he/she is told or ought
reasonably to know is confidential_** _, and_

(ii) **_other information proprietary to the Group or any Group Company,
including, without limitation, information concerning the operation and
methodology of the Company Business_** _as the same is now and hereafter
conducted_ ,**_trade secrets, know-how, processes, research activities,
inventions, intellectual property rights_** _, patent and trademark
applications_ ,**_formulas, designs, specifications, drawings, data and
manuals, price, customer and supplier lists and data, customer data-base_** _,
pricing and marketing plans, policies and strategies_ ,**_details of customer
and supplier relationships_** _, details of prospective customers, and of
suppliers, agents and consultants, and their respective terms of business with
the Group or any Group Company, operations methods, sales techniques
(including marketing policies and strategies, and sales forecasts), proposals
and/or plans relating to business acquisition, or to any proposed expansion or
contraction of any business activity, details of existing and prospective
Group or any Group Company employees or new personnel acquisition plans
(including the terms of their employment or proposed employment and other
benefits paid or to be paid to them), web-site, Internet addresses, e-mail
addresses and domain names, including all software, information and processes
necessary to operate the Group’s or any of the Group Company’s web-site,
financial information (including accounting and taxation records and results
of the Group or any Group Company’s performance, save to the extent that these
are included in published accounts)_ ,**_any information which has been
acquired or received by the Group or any Group Company from any person in
confidence, including from their respective shareholders, officers, employees,
clients/customers, suppliers, distributors and agents, and all other
confidential information with respect to the Group or any Group Company
(collectively, “Proprietary Information”)_**_.[note: 23]_

[emphasis in original]

80 As such, for the purposes of this suit, there is no need to distinguish
between Clearlab’s trade secrets and mere confidential information. It is an
entirely separate question whether any such information should be regarded as
part of the ex-employees’ skill and knowledge which they are entitled to use
and which Clearlab may not protect for its own. This question has to be
addressed in relation to each specific information that is alleged to have
been incorporated as part of any skill and knowledge acquired in the course of
employment.

Standing

81 There is one final preliminary issue to be dealt with: that of Clearlab’s
standing to bring the action. The general assertion made by all the defendants
is that Clearlab lacked standing to sue for breach of confidence because it
had not acquired the proprietary information upon which it is suing.

Spincasting technology, design of the original Dual Spinner and SCS6

82 I will first deal with the issue of standing in relation to the breach of
confidence claims made against Ting, David, Goh, Ng, Ho and Aquilus. There
were three main arguments:

(a) It was unclear if confidential information in the spincasting technology
was ever purchased from Clearlab International Pte Ltd by Clearlab because
there was no express term for it in the S&P Agreement.

(b) The original Dual Spinners were supplied by Barr & Paatz to Clearlab
International Pte Ltd prior to their being purchased by Clearlab, and there is
no evidence that the IP rights in the Dual Spinners were ever transferred to
Clearlab International Pte Ltd.

(c) The SCS6 program was written by a Don Noack from Capriconia Contact Lens
as a favour or on an _ex gratia_ basis and the copyright in SCS6 was never
assigned to Clearlab, therefore, Clearlab does not legally own SCS6.

83 These arguments seem to say that Clearlab lacked the requisite property
rights (whether in copyright or patent) to sue the defendants. For example,
the defendants argued that copyright in the SCS6 program could not have been
assigned to Clearlab because the transfer of the SCS6 program was not
evidenced in writing in accordance with s 194 of the Copyright Act (Cap 63,
Rev Ed 2006). Insofar as arguments of this nature are being made, they are
irrelevant because Clearlab was not asserting a right in copyright or patent.
What it claimed was a breach of confidence by the defendants.

84 That said, if the arguments are that Clearlab lacked standing to sue upon
the confidential information because “ownership” of the requisite confidential
information was not transferred to Clearlab, then these arguments, if made
out, are a defence against Clearlab’s claim of breach of confidence.

(1) “Ownership” of confidential information

85 I preface the discussion by stating that information, in itself, is not
property. It does not give rise to property rights or rights _in rem_ that can
be owned or said to belong to a person. Rather, confidential information is
protectable if there is a basis for importing an obligation upon a person not
to use or disclose it. The basis could lie in equity (which was once described
as “the notion of an obligation of conscience arising from the circumstances
in or through which the information was communicated or obtained”: _Moorgate
Tobacco Co Limited v Philip Morris Limited and another (No 2)_ (1984) 156 CLR
414 (“ _Moorgate_ ”) at 438). It could also arise in contract (see, _eg_ , the
confidentiality clauses in the ex-employees’ contract with Clearlab).

86 Language relating to “ownership”, such as “own”, “property” and “belong” is
sometimes used metaphorically to denote that a person has an interest in
protecting the confidential information that is enforceable by an action for
breach of confidence. I have noticed that the parties have used words like
“own”, “property” and “belong” in the metaphorical sense, and thus any
reference to their submissions using these words will also be in that sense.

(2) Circumstances of the transfer of information

87 In my view, each of the three arguments fails because the requisite
confidential information was transferred to Clearlab with the understanding
that the confidential information could not be further used or disclosed to a
third party without Clearlab’s consent. In those circumstances, I find that
Clearlab has standing to sue for breach of confidence. Let me explain.

88 In relation to argument (a) at [82(a)] above, the critical facts are cl
1(3) and Exhibit A-5 of the S&P Agreement. Clause 1(3) provides that Clearlab
acquires a 50% undivided tenancy in common interest in the “Dual-Use Know-How”
as described in Exhibit A-5. The other 50% was bought by Menicon Co Ltd.
Specifics of “Dual-Use Know-How” are listed in Exhibit A-5. Briefly, they are
“the know-how, information, data and proprietary rights … which is
commercially used to manufacture spin-cast daily lenses”. On a plain reading,
the agreement contemplates that Clearlab and Menicon Co Ltd will exclusively
possess confidential information about spincasting technology transferred from
Clearlab International Pte Ltd. Subsequent to the purchase, the information
was validly in the custody of Clearlab and had been treated by Clearlab as
confidential. I do not see why it would not fall within the range of
protection accorded by the law of confidence.

89 Argument (b) at [82(b)] above, which concerned Clearlab’s interest in the
confidential information in the original Dual Spinner, is more nuanced. It
appears to be this: even if the S&P Agreement purported to transfer the
confidential information in the original Dual Spinner to Clearlab, the
information could not have been transferred from Clearlab International Pte
Ltd to Clearlab, because Barr & Paatz, the maker of the Dual Spinners, had not
transferred the information to Clearlab International Pte Ltd. This presumes
that the confidential information in the Dual Spinner resides with the maker
and not the party which commissioned it. However, given the gap in evidence on
the transaction for the supply of the original Dual Spinners, this appeared to
be an unfounded presumption. The fact that Barr & Paatz had made the Dual
Spinners does not suffice to show that it, and not Clearlab International Pte
Ltd, had designed the Dual Spinners, or that (if it had designed the Dual
Spinners) it had not sold the design to Clearlab International Pte Ltd. On the
contrary, the words of the S&P Agreement suggest that Clearlab International
Pte Ltd owned the rights to the design of Dual Spinner because the design of
the Dual Spinner is included in the list of confidential information in
Exhibit A-5 to be sold to Clearlab and Menicon Co Ltd.

90 Since there was insufficient factual basis for the defendants to contradict
the S&P Agreement, I find that Clearlab had acquired the confidential
information in the Dual Spinner.

91 As will be seen shortly, the same question arose as to the confidential
information in Ma’s work on the Dual Spinner and the Quad Spinner. Again, it
is a fact-centric enquiry. Whether Clearlab has come to own the rights in the
confidential information arising from Ma’s work will be determined by the
particular facts of the case.

92 As for argument (c) at [82(c)] above, there is clearly shared interest
between Clearlab and Don Noack to protect the confidential information in
SCS6. The program was given to Clearlab for its use. It has hence been kept
confidential by Clearlab. There is no basis to hold that Clearlab was not
entitled to protect the program which had been improperly taken by one of the
defendants, in concert with some of the others, who had access to the program
by virtue of his trusted position in Clearlab.

93 In summary, Clearlab was entitled to enforce its contractual right of
confidentiality in respect of the spincasting technology, the original Dual
Spinner and the SCS6 program. There is therefore no issue of standing as
against Ting, David, Goh, Ng, Ho and Aquilus.

Design of the Quad Spinner and modifications to the Dual Spinner

94 I will now consider the issue of standing in relation to the breach of
confidence claim made against Ma and Li. This issue arises because they
asserted that OSC retained the rights over the information in the work that Ma
did for Clearlab. I will first outline the extent of Ma’s work for Clearlab.

95 In July 2008, Ting had just joined Clearlab as its Head of Engineering and
Technology Development and he had discovered that the spin-cast machines (also
known as “Dual Spinners”) in Clearlab required repair or modification. At that
time, Ma was employed as a senior electrical control engineer in Sys-mac
Automation Engineering Pte Ltd (“Sysmac”). Ma received the assignment to work
on the Dual Spinners. But Ma soon left Sysmac, so his ongoing work with the
Dual Spinners was transferred to a new partnership called SC-Tech Automation
and Engineering that he had set up with Wu Zhigang in late 2008. This
partnership did not last long. In 2009, Ma set up another partnership called
OSC with his wife, Li. His work with the Dual Spinners was transferred once
more, this time to OSC.

96 After Ma’s work on Dual Spinners was completed, he was approached by Ting
in late 2009 to design and fabricate a new spin-cast machine. The original
proposal was that the machine should have eight to ten spin tubes to maximise
output. After Ma’s initial studies and research, Ma recommended that each
machine should only house a maximum of four spin tubes. The recommendation was
accepted by Clearlab. Ma proceeded to construct the Quad Spinner, which he
completed and delivered to Clearlab in December 2010.

97 Sometime in March 2011, Ho contacted Ma for a quotation for six units of
spin-cast machines. These machines were named “Lens Forming Machines”. All six
units were delivered to Aquilus’ premises in August 2011. Now, Clearlab
claimed that the Lens Forming Machines supplied to Aquilus were essentially
the same as the Quad Spinner that Clearlab had commissioned OSC to build for
Clearlab. The features of the Quad Spinner were allegedly replicated in the
Lens Forming Machine in breach of Ma’s duty not to use Clearlab’s confidential
information acquired by Ma.

98 There is some logical basis for Clearlab to suppose that Ma had used what
he learned from working on Clearlab’s spin-cast machines in his work for
Aquilus. Between 2008 to 2010, Ma was privy to information about Clearlab’s
Dual Spinners (that he was charged with repairing and modifying) and
Clearlab’s Quad Spinner (that he was commissioned to construct). Therefore, in
2011, it was possible that he had misused such information to make the
Aquilus’ Lens Forming Machines.

99 But to determine if there is a breach of confidence, one must first
determine if Clearlab had standing to sue upon the information allegedly used
to make the Lens Forming Machine. There are two types of information here. The
first type consists of information that originated from Ma. This relates to
Ma’s design of Quad Spinner and the modifications he made to Dual Spinner.
There is an issue with standing with this type of information because the
parties disputed its ownership: Clearlab submitted that the information
residing in Ma’s work belonged to Clearlab, whereas Ma submitted that it
belonged to Ma and/or OSC. If Ma was correct, this would eliminate Clearlab’s
claim because only the person who is entitled to the confidence had the
standing to sue for breach of confidence: _Fraser v Evans and others_ [1969] 1
QB 349 at 361 per Lord Denning MR. In other words, if Clearlab cannot
establish that it was owed a duty of confidence from Ma and Li in respect of
such information, it would not have standing to assert a claim of
confidentiality over it. The second type consists of information that
originated from Clearlab. This includes information from the unmodified Dual
Spinner that was used or incorporated in the Lens Forming Machine as well as
any other information that was communicated by Clearlab to Ma. As held earlier
at [89]–[90], the confidential information in the unmodified Dual Spinner did
reside with Clearlab. Thus, unlike the first type, there is no issue with
standing here. The main issue with this second type of information is instead
about its unauthorised use. This will be addressed in a separate section.

100 Turning now to the issue regarding the ownership of the information
relating to the design of Quad Spinner and the modifications to the Dual
Spinner, Clearlab’s fundamental submission was that the party which had
commissioned and paid for a bespoke machine owned the confidential information
to the exclusion to the other party which made the bespoke machine. Ma and Li,
on the other hand, submitted that the commissioned party retained the
confidential information in the commissioned work that was generated by him,
unless it was transferred by way of an agreement (which they submitted was not
the case here). In short, the parties have approached the issue from
diametrically opposing positions.

(1) The legal principles

101 It is useful to examine the authorities cited by the parties.

102 Clearlab cited _Deta Nominees Pty Ltd v Viscount Plastic Products Pty Ltd_
[1979] VR 167 which concerned, _inter alia_ , with a breach of confidence by
the defendants who were commissioned by the plaintiff to supply specially
designed injection-moulded plastic drawers but had reneged on their agreement.
The plaintiff was a company in the business of making and selling furniture.
The managing director of the plaintiff, a Mr Felfernig, had been looking for a
considerable time for a plastic drawer suitable for his business and, having
found none, was seeking to make a tool for producing the drawer. That was how
the first defendant, a tooling company, came into the picture. During the
discussions between Mr Felfernig and the representatives of the first
defendant company, who were Mr Flood and Mr Stoffregen, Mr Felfernig referred
to the drawers that he had considered but rejected: the Elmaco drawer was said
to be too flimsy and the Nylex drawer too expensive. It then occurred to Mr
Felfernig that features from the Nylex drawer and Elmaco drawer could be
adapted to create a new drawer. Thus, at a meeting between Mr Felfernig and Mr
Stoffregen, Mr Felfernig drew and described to Mr Stoffregen the drawer he
envisaged and Mr Stoffregen provided some feedback, including an idea to hinge
the sides of the drawer. This was followed by negotiations on the price and,
in the midst of negotiations, Mr Felfernig stated the precise metric
dimensions he wished for the drawer.

103 It is readily apparent that the plaintiff contributed most of the
information required to make the drawer and the defendants were only
responsible for the idea to use a hinge. The court held that all information
relating to the drawer resided with the plaintiff. Fullagar J said (at 194):

Returning to the present case, it is in my opinion clear that all the
information, comprising the configuration and mode of manufacture of the
drawer of the present case, was in the eyes of equity the property of the
plaintiff company, and any reasonable man in the position of Messrs.
Stoffregen and Flood and the defendants must have realized that this was so.
It is quite true that the defendants contributed the important, indeed in one
sense vital, feature of the final product of the injection-moulding process
being “hinged” so as to enable the final configuration to be snapped into
place manually. But this is so only in a sense. There is no reason to suspect
that another designer could not have designed a method of making the plastic
drawer, so far as envisaged by Mr. Felfernig alone, without using the hinge.
And [a furniture catalogue] suggests that this was, after all, an ingenious
“workshop improvement”. _But the important fact is that the defendants were
employed by the plaintiff for the very purpose of contributing, for the
benefit of the plaintiff, a solution to the problem of design which was in
fact solved by this contribution of the hinge. For full consideration the
defendants have, as it were, provided an accretion to the property of the
plaintiff, having been employed for the very purpose of providing just such an
accretion. In my opinion the defendants were clearly obliged in equity not to
use this property of the plaintiff (this information) for any purpose other
than that for which it was conveyed, without the consent of the plaintiff._
[emphasis added]

104 Another case that was cited in support of Clearlab’s claim was
_Vestergaard Frandsen A/S and others v Bestnet Europe Limited and others_
[2009] EWHC 657 (Ch) (“ _Vestergaard_ ”). It also involved the question of
whether work created for the benefit of the plaintiffs was confidential to the
plaintiffs. The plaintiffs in that case were manufacturers of insecticidal
mosquito nets. Dr Skovmand was a consultant whom they have engaged to develop
a new kind of polyethylene net. Although there was no written agreement
between the plaintiffs and Dr Skovmand, it was accepted that there was an oral
contract. In 2004, two employees of the plaintiffs left to set up a competing
business. In 2005, Dr Skovmand followed suit and resigned from his consultancy
to assist the two former employees with their development of polyethylene net.
There was a finding of fact that Dr Skovmand devised the initial recipes for
the polyethylene net for the competing business based on information that he
had recorded in a database whilst working for the plaintiffs. This led Arnold
J to consider whether Dr Skovmand owed an obligation of confidence to the
plaintiffs in respect of the information in the database. He answered it in
the affirmative. There are three separate grounds for holding that information
arising out of the work that the plaintiffs gave Dr Skovmand would be
confidential to the plaintiff. First, it was an express term of Dr Skovmand’s
contract. Second, even if there was no express term, it was also an implied
term of the contract. Third, even if there was no contract, Dr Skovmand was
subject to an equitable obligation on the same terms.

105 The court’s reasoning is largely contained in [631]–[640]. It is
illustrative of the factors that the court will take into account when
deciding to whom an obligation of confidence would be due. On first blush,
however, I would say that there are substantial divergences in the factual
matrix of _Vestergaard_ and the present case which would make the reasoning in
_Vestergaard_ not entirely applicable to the present case. Let me first state
the similarities, which are that both Dr Skovmand and Ma were paid to develop
a new product, and that the payment would cover raw materials and the tests
required to obtain the final product. The chief dissimilarities are:

(a) The relationship between the plaintiff(s) and the person commissioned to
do the work. In _Vestergaard_ , it was decided that Dr Skovmand’s status was
close to that of a senior employee: at [632]. This might partly have to do
with the fact that Dr Skovmand was engaged for a relatively long period of
time, from 1998 to 2005. In contrast, Ma was always viewed as an independent
contractor. This is implicit in para 134 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment
No 2) (“SOC”) where Clearlab complained about Ting outsourcing the work on the
Quad Spinner to OSC even though Clearlab had (or so it asserted) the resources
to do some of the work internally.

(b) Input from other sources. There was an observation that Dr Skovmand had
not carried out all of the development work or given all the advice for the
development of the products. In fact, much of the work in that case was done
by the plaintiff’s employees or other contractors and some advice was obtained
from third party sources: at [633]–[634]. The dynamics were different in the
present case because Ma worked independently. From the evidence before me,
Clearlab would inform Ma of its requirements or the problems it required
fixing, and Ma would work at creating the solution. As elaborated at [213]
below, there was some communication of information, in that Clearlab allowed
Ma to access its Dual Spinners and Ting highlighted to Ma some features of the
Quad Spinner that Clearlab wanted to have, but otherwise, Ma was left on his
own to do the work.

(c) Payment for the resultant information. In _Vestergaard_ , the plaintiffs
paid for the compilation of the database itself: at [637]. It is not so clear,
in the present case, that Ma was paid for the information relating to the
design of the Quad Spinner or the modifications to the Dual Spinners, in
addition to the physical work that he had done for Clearlab. The dispute as to
the terms of their supply agreement will be addressed later at [121]–[123].

(d) The understanding struck between parties as to whom the information
“belonged” to. The intention of parties as regards the information created
during Dr Skovmand’s course of work for the plaintiffs was made manifest in a
number of instances. Before Dr Skovmand left, he handed over the database to
the plaintiffs. He also recognised in his goodbye letter that he should only
use the information in the copy he retained for a limited purpose: at [638].
Further, throughout his consultancy with the plaintiffs, it was clearly
understood that the inventions made by Dr Skovmand belonged to the plaintiffs,
in the sense that the plaintiffs had the right to patent his inventions and
own those patents: at [639]. Thus, either during or after the termination of
his relationship with the plaintiffs, it could not have been intended by the
parties that Dr Skovmand would be able to exploit the information he created
for the plaintiffs: at [640]. Conversely, in the present case, Ma had not
delivered his drawings of the Quad Spinner and the Dual Spinner to Clearlab.
Neither were there words or conduct that indicated that Ma could not himself
use the information that he generated in making the Quad Spinner or modifying
the Dual Spinners. Thus, it was not so clear that parties intended for
Clearlab to “own” the information arising out of Ma’s work (as opposed to the
physical machines). This will be addressed in fuller detail, also at
[121]–[123].

106 There is one other authority relevant to the issue of whom confidential
information in a commissioned work resided with. It is the case of _Invenpro
(M) Sdn Bhd v JCS Automation Pte Ltd and another_ [2014] 2 SLR 1045 (“
_Invenpro_ ”). Ma and Li cited this case for its holding that the commissioned
party retained the confidential information in the commissioned work. It
bucked the trend in the earlier two cases which decided that the confidential
information in the commissioned work resided with commissioning party. The
differences in the holding, however, appear to arise from different facts than
from a controversy in the legal principles.

107 In _Invenpro_ , Komag (the commissioning party and also the defendant)
approached Invenpro (the commissioned party and also the plaintiff) to
manufacture a batch scrubber for its production line. Invenpro created an
improved version of the existing batch scrubber, called “2006 Improved Komag
Batch Scrubber”. The defendants were later engaged by Komag to modify its
batch scrubber cleaning system and they were alleged to have copied
confidential features of the 2006 Improved Komag Batch Scrubber to produce
their own batch scrubbers. The rights in relation to the confidential
information in these features thus become important as Invenpro would need to,
at the threshold, establish that confidential information in the 2006 Improved
Komag Batch Scrubber still resided with Invenpro in order to have the _locus
standi_ to assert a claim of breach of confidentiality against the defendants.

108 George Wei JC observed, at [150], that “the question as to who owns the IP
rights in the product/solution (if any) depends on a _close examination of the
relationship between the manufacturer/inventor and the customer_. _In most
cases, this will depend largely on the terms of the contract that has been
entered into_.” [emphasis added]

109 What is peculiar about the case is that there were two clauses relating to
the rights in the commissioned work (_ie_ , the 2006 Improved Komag Batch
Scrubber) that were apparently superseded by a non-disclosure agreement. One
clause, headed “Non-Disclosure of Confidential Matter”, stated that all data
provided by the commissioning party “shall remain [its] property regardless
whether they have been modified by [the commissioned party]”. The other
clause, headed “Patent Licence”, granted to the commissioning party an
“irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty free licence and licence” in respect of
“any and all inventions and discoveries” that arose from the contract that the
commissioned party was to perform. The “superseding” non-disclosure agreement
had no equivalent clause.

110 The deliberate reference by the parties to the non-disclosure agreement
“superseding” the two clauses led Wei JC to find that the commissioned party
“was not willing to part with any IP rights that they might own”. The non-
disclosure agreement (which may or may not be valid) laid down “what the
parties thought should be the governing position between them – that parties
would own their own IP rights in respect of any collaboration”: at [155]. This
seemed to be the decisive factor for holding that the confidential information
in the 2006 Improved Komag Batch Scrubber still belonged to Invenpro. Even if
it was Komag that had commissioned Invenpro to produce the 2006 Improved Komag
Batch Scrubber and had identified most of the issues and problems that
Invenpro eventually overcame with the 2006 Improved Komag Batch Scrubber, it
did not automatically mean that the confidential information in the 2006
Improved Komag Batch Scrubber vested in Komag. At the end of the day, the
understanding between parties was that each party would respect and safeguard
the other party’s confidential information. As such, Invenpro “owned” the
confidential information in the commissioned work and had the _locus standi_
to sue for breach of confidence.

111 It seems to me that the principle involved is this: confidential
information arising out of a commissioned work can equally reside with the
commissioned party or the commissioning party. There is neither a presumption
that the confidential information is retained by the commissioned party nor a
presumption that the commissioning party obtains the confidential information.

112 On the question of which party is bound to keep the information
confidential, much depends on the facts of the case. What is known from the
three cases is that the basis for imposing a duty of confidence on one party
can lie in contract or in equity. As a matter of contract, there may be an
express or implied term which states that one party is to keep the information
arising in the commissioned work confidential to the other party. The rights
of the parties in relation to the confidential information would obviously be
governed by their contract and the contract will usually be determinative of
the issue. Where there is no contract, then there is different question of
whether one party is subject to an equitable obligation to keep the
information confidential to the other party. This may involve a considerably
more difficult task of fact-finding. Some of the facts considered by the
courts are the proportion of the input by each party to the commissioned work,
and the understanding between parties (short of a binding agreement) as to the
confidential information in the commissioned work. Ultimately, it must be
shown that a reasonable man, given the circumstances of the case, would
recognise the information as being confidential to one party and not the
other, such that equity would intervene and impose a duty of confidence even
in the absence of a contractual provision.

(2) The facts specific to this case

113 In the present case, it is necessary to consider the working relationship
between Clearlab and Ma in detail. There is a confidentiality agreement
between Clearlab and OSC to which I turn to determine if parties had
specifically agreed on how they will deal with the confidential information
arising from the Ma’s work.

(A) The confidentiality agreement

114 The confidentiality agreement entered into between Clearlab and OSC[note:
24] was stated to be effective from 15 October 2009 and signed by parties at a
time when Ma was being asked to work on the Dual Spinners. Clearlab submitted
that the confidentiality agreement only protected Clearlab’s confidential
information whereas Ma asserted that there were mutual obligations to protect
each other’s confidential information. The salient terms of the agreement are
as follows:

3\. **“Recipient”** means the Party receiving TRADE SECRETS and PROPRIETARY
INFORMATION under this Agreement and “Disclosing Party” means that Party who
discloses TRADE SECRETS and PROPRIETARY INFORMATION.

…

6\. The Recipient agrees (i) to hold the Disclosing Party’s TRADE SECRETS and
PROPRIETARY INFORMATION in strict confidence and to take all necessary
precautions to protect such TRADE SECRETS and PROPRIETARY INFORMATION,
including without limitation, all precautions it will employ with respect to
its own TRADE SECRETS and PROPRIETARY INFORMATION; (ii) not to at any time
copy, reproduce, decompile, reverse-engineer, sell, license, assign, market,
transfer or otherwise deal with the Disclosing Party’s TRADE SECRETS and
PROPRIETARY INFORMATION; and (iii) not to at any time directly or indirectly
use, disclose, divulge to any third party (except that such third party is a
parent or any related company of the Recipient) the Disclosing Party’s TRADE
SECRETS and PROPRIETARY INFORMATION, except for the Purpose and with the prior
consent of the Disclosing Party; and (iv) not to use any TRADE SECRETS and
PROPRIETARY INFORMATION to compete or obtain advantage over Disclosing Party
in any commercial or non-commercial activity which may be comparable to the
commercial activity contemplated by the Parties in connection with the Purpose
of the Agreement. …

[emphasis in original]

115 A literal reading of the clauses supports Ma’s contention that there were
mutual obligations of confidence imposed by the agreement. The terms
“Disclosing Party” and “Recipient” could refer to either Clearlab or OSC.
Thus, the meaning of cll 3 and 6 of the confidentiality agreement between
Clearlab and OSC, taken jointly, was that either party’s confidential
information was protected from disclosure or use by the other party. It did
not contemplate that only Clearlab’s confidential information was to be
protected.

116 Clearlab, however, rejected this interpretation and submitted that the
recitals made it clear that Clearlab wished to protect the trade secrets and
confidential information that it relied upon to manufacture and sell contact
lenses. I did not see how this assisted Clearlab as this position was not
borne out in the wording of the agreement. Recital A merely stated: “WHEREAS
CLEARLAB carries on the business of researching, developing and designing
contact lenses and contact lens products for eventual manufacture and sales
using CLEARLAB’s trade secrets and PROPRIETARY information”. At most it
emphasised the importance of protecting Clearlab’s confidential information.
Further, OSC’s obligation to protect Clearlab’s confidential information was
not inconsistent with Clearlab having a corresponding obligation to also
protect OSC’s confidential information.

117 Clearlab advanced another point, which was that parties could not have
contemplated protecting OSC’s confidential information at the time of signing
the confidentiality agreement because no confidential information could have
been shared by OSC to Clearlab. As of 15 October 2009, OSC was engaged to work
on the Dual Spinners and, in that context, Clearlab submitted that there was
only disclosure of Clearlab’s confidential information in the Dual Spinner to
OSC but no disclosure of any information by OSC to Clearlab. However, Ma had
made a number of modifications to the Dual Spinner and these modifications
could arguably be protected as confidential information. In any event, the
words of the agreement clearly provided for mutual obligations of confidence.
Crucially, it was not an agreement drafted specially for OSC but a standard
non-disclosure agreement for all external vendors of Clearlab. Thus, given the
clear words and the circumstances, it does not behove Clearlab to argue that
the agreement preceded any contemplation that there could be a flow of
confidential information from OSC to Clearlab.

118 In summary, as a matter of construction of cll 3 and 6, each party was
obliged to protect the other party’s confidential information and each party
retained the right to its own confidential information. The necessary
implication of this mutuality of obligation was that OSC’s confidential
information arising from Ma’s work (whether on the Dual Spinners or the Quad
Spinner) resided with OSC and not Clearlab. Consequently, Clearlab was not
entitled to restrain any of the defendants from using and/or disclosing the
information that Ma had generated in his work, _ie_ , his design of the Quad
Spinner and his modifications to the Dual Spinner.

(B) The supply agreement

119 Given that parties had a comprehensive agreement on how they were prepared
to deal with their rights in relation to all confidential information that
arose from the transactions between them, it would not be necessary for me to
expound on their rights specifically in relation to Ma’s design of the Quad
Spinner. Nevertheless, I shall briefly deal with Ma’s and Li’s contention that
(even without the confidentiality agreement) parties had always understood
that design of the Quad Spinner was to be retained by OSC.

120 This issue concerned the supply agreement for the Quad Spinner, which is
evidenced by the quotation from OSC and purchase order from Clearlab.[note:
25] For the price of $22,600, OSC was to design and fabricate a Quad Spinner
for Clearlab. The requirements for the Quad Spinner were succinctly set out in
the quotation.[note: 26]

121 There were a number of factors indicating that OSC was only selling the
physical machine and not the design. They buttressed my earlier conclusion
that confidential information arising from Ma’s work was retained by OSC.
Firstly, the price charged for the supply of the Quad Spinner was low, even
for the sale of a physical machine. It was to cover budgeted costs of
$11,669.34 for raw materials, several months of work relating to testing,
modifications and tuning, as well as other follow-up services.[note: 27] I
accepted Ma’s evidence that the price was negotiated down on the understanding
that Clearlab would order more units of the same machine. The deal, as
reflected by the low price, was that OSC would retain the design of the Quad
Spinner and Clearlab would have to order more units from OSC whenever it
required them. Because of economies of scale, OSC had thought that it would
make more profits from selling more units to Clearlab in due course.
Consistent with that belief, I observed that OSC had pragmatically ensured
that it had the exclusive ability to supply additional units because it
retained the mechanical drawing, pneumatic diagram, revised program logic
controller diagram and electric circuit diagram of the Quad Spinner. Without
these drawings and diagrams, Clearlab was incapable of replicating the Quad
Spinner.[note: 28] It was clear that if Clearlab had wanted more units, it
necessarily had to buy them from OSC.

122 Furthermore, it was not a term of the supply agreement to deliver the
drawings and diagrams to Clearlab. This suggested that OSC was indeed
retaining the confidential information in Ma’s design of the Quad Spinner. It
would be surprising for a party to have purchased the design of a machine but
had chosen to forgo the design drawings, thereby precluding itself from making
more machines through other parties. If Clearlab had intended to purchase the
right in the design of the Quad Spinner, the delivery of the design drawings
would have been included as a term in the agreement.

123 Moreover, it was not apparent from the supply agreement that the OSC was
inhibited from using the design of the Quad Spinner in future projects. The
plain words of the agreement merely required Ma to produce a Quad Spinner of
certain specifications. It did not follow that Clearlab had any rights to the
information concerning the design of the Quad Spinner.

124 Therefore, on the basis of the supply agreement, it could also be said
that the design of the Quad Spinner was retained by OSC and that Clearlab
lacked standing to pursue a claim of confidentiality over the design of the
Quad Spinner.

First element: Quality of confidence

125 I turn to the individual elements of a breach of confidence action. First
and foremost, the information, which is the subject of Clearlab’s claim, must
possess the necessary quality of confidence.

126 The scope of such allegedly confidential information is set out at Annex 1
to Clearlab’s SOC (“Annex 1”). The entire list of items spans four pages and
40 separate categories. At the end of the trial, Clearlab maintained that all
of the items in Annex 1 were confidential, but elaborated that there were some
among them which were highly confidential. For those items that Clearlab
considered to be highly confidential information, there was a separate list
set out at Annex A of Clearlab’s closing submissions (“Annex A”). In short,
Annex A is a subset of Annex 1, and it is a selection of the highly
confidential information in Annex 1.

127 In my view, the way in which certain items were excluded from Annex A was
revealing. It appeared to be an acknowledgment that the items excluded from
Annex A were unsupportable. I give a few examples below:

(a) Item 32 of Annex 1: “the Plaintiff’s business strategy to tap into
underdeveloped markets in Asia like, China, Vietnam, Indonesia and
Philippines”. I had difficulty in ascertaining what item 32 was, for it was
stated in very general terms, and unsubstantiated with any evidence. That
being so, I cannot see that it contains confidential information.

(b) Item 3 of Annex 1: “the use of a Hamilton Pump to inject the precise
amount of Lens Monomer into the Cast before spinning”. On the evidence before
me, this was common industry knowledge. When pressed, Dr Park conceded that
“if someone want to have precise dosing … one can actually … try to think
about this Hamilton Pump series for dosing.”[note: 29] What Dr Park said was
correct, because the use of a Hamilton Pump to dispense precise amounts of
monomer to make contact lenses is in fact publicised in its sales
brochure.[note: 30]

(c) Item 16 of Annex 1: the use of “clear plastic Casts to allow greater
penetration of ultraviolet light in order so as to shorten the curing time of
the lenses”. This information is found in several patents. US Patent No
6,444,145 B1 recommends use of a mould that is “sufficiently transparent to
ultra-violet light to allow irradiation therethrough to promote polymerization
of a contact lens material”.[note: 31] US Patent No 4,422,984 similarly
mentions that the use of “transparent outer molds and ultraviolet light may
reduce the time required for polymerization”.[note: 32]

(d) Item 19 of Annex 1: the use of “only one (1) Cast throughout the whole
process and having it form the lens packaging by sealing the top with
alumin[i]um foil”. The very same step to streamline the manufacturing process
has been suggested in International Patent Application PCT/US2004/031651. It
states that “the mould is used as part of the packaging, and no machining or
external modifications are made to the lens after spinning”.[note: 33] Thus,
item 19 does not encompass any information that is not already disclosed in
the public domain.

128 To state the point succinctly, there was simply a lack of evidence to show
why the items in Annex 1 (other than those in Annex A) were confidential. As
such, this part of Clearlab’s claims must be dismissed for lack of proof of
their confidentiality.

129 It follows that Clearlab’s breach of confidence action is confined to the
items listed in Annex A. The items in Annex A comprises the following
categories:

(a) Profiling software – spincastsphere6 and torsing software

(b) Parameter settings for Optoform 80 machine

(c) Insert designs

(d) Mould base designs

(e) Lens formulations for its full range of products

(f) Combination of dosage, spin-speed and lens dimension for full range of
spin-cast lenses

(g) Bespoke equipment used in the manufacture of spin-cast lenses, namely:

(i) Dual Spinner

(ii) Quad Spinner

(h) Documents relating to manufacturing process and regulatory/compliance:

(i) SOPs

(ii) Operating instructions (“OIs”)

(iii) Technical files

(iv) Technical specifications

(v) Quality management systems (“QMSs”)

(vi) Master document lists

(vii) Material specifications

(viii) Engineering study reports

(ix) Clinical study reports

(x) Risk management reports

(xi) Product artwork

(xii) R&D papers

(xiii) Machine validation reports

(xiv) Documents needed for CE Marking, ISO Certification, FDA Approval, HSA
licence and other authorities

(i) Customer lists

(j) Supplier lists.

130 To begin, the list must be narrowed down further to exclude the
information which Clearlab lacked standing to sue upon. These are item
(g)(ii), to the extent that it relates to the design of the Quad Spinner, and
item (g)(i), to the extent that it relates to the modifications to the Dual
Spinner, because Clearlab does not own either of such information.

131 For the remaining information in Annex A, I find that there is a _prima
facie_ case of confidentiality. Generally, the information have been pieced
together from different sources and know-how, and refined from years of R&D.
In particular, the set of information that is integral to the manufacturing
process, such as the precise dosage, spin-speed and lens dimension, were
unique to Clearlab; it was linked to the equipment and materials that Clearlab
used and was also the result of extensive experimentation. It was not
suggested that the information was made public or shared with other
manufacturers of contact lens. I therefore found that the information
possessed a quality of confidence.

132 The defendants contended, however, that any information relating to
spincasting could not be confidential because it was a dated technology. A
brief history of spincasting is useful here. In the 1960s, a Czech, Professor
Otto Wichterle, invented a method of manufacturing lenses using a centrifugal
casting procedure, _ie_ , spincasting. From 1968 to 1988, he prodigiously
filed patents on the spincasting method and the apparatus he used for
spincasting. These included information on the polymer (the lens material),
the mould casts holding the polymer, the outer diameter and height of the
mould casts, the rotation speeds, the use of nitrogen or argon to create an
inert environment, the solvent (such as glycerol), the source and emission
wavelength of UV light, and the stacking of mould casts in a vertical tube.
From 1983 to 1987, scientists, other than Professor Wichterle, also filed
patents on spincasting and added to the knowledge in the public domain. The
defendants pointed out that even the party which sold Clearlab the
manufacturing facility in Singapore had filed a patent application on
spincasting in 2004. In this application, specific information about
spincasting was disclosed, _eg_ , 10–40 microlitres of dosage and 200–500rpm
spin-speeds were recommended.[note: 34] However, the application was found by
the patent examiner to lack inventiveness and it was ultimately abandoned on
30 March 2009\. In view of this background, the defendants challenged the
confidentiality of the spincasting technique as used by Clearlab.

133 The crucial aspect of the defendants’ submission was that, if the
information sought to be protected by Clearlab appeared in any patent or
patent application, it obviously cannot be confidential. The publication of
the patents or patent applications put the information in the public domain
and therefore destroyed any confidentiality. That is undoubtedly true.

134 However, Clearlab’s case was put on a different footing. It was that, even
if the concept of spincasting dated back to the 1960s, and even if spincasting
was the subject of many patents and failed patent applications, the detailed
operations at Clearlab were not revealed in those patents and patent
applications. Therefore, the information listed in Annex A remained
confidential to Clearlab. To illustrate, the patent may disclose that the
range of spin-speeds was 200–500rpm. But that did not disclose the exact spin-
speed that Clearlab used, the duration for that spin-speed, the lens
formulation used in combination with that spin-speed, the mould cast
dimensions for holding the lens monomer, the inserts used in the prior step to
obtain the mould cast, _etc_. These details and their combination were unique
to Clearlab. Such information was developed by Clearlab over the years and had
evolved into a form that enabled Clearlab to produce contact lens of
consistently good quality in a commercially viable production environment. In
contrast, the patents and patent applications inform of a general process of
spincasting; it could also enable a person to manufacture contact lens, but
such person would not have the precise, controlled steps that Clearlab had set
out in its confidential documents. Thus, insofar as Clearlab’s claims had been
based generally on certain steps in its manufacturing process, such as the use
of clear plastic mould casts to facilitate UV radiation, such claim of
confidentiality would be struck down (as it has been at [127]). But insofar as
the claim related to specific designs or dimensions or reports or their
combination, I found that such information did possess a quality of
confidence. This was the essential difference between the items in Annex A and
those in Annex 1 that were excluded from Annex A.

135 In addition, where there was a quality of confidence about the
information, the corporate policies of Clearlab had been vital in preserving
its confidentiality. There were a number of such policies regarding IT
security and physical access to documents that were put in place to ensure
that the confidential information was not exposed to the public. It is
sufficient here to mention a few of them. First, Clearlab had appointed a Head
of Regulatory Affairs and Compliance to manage the hard copies of all its
confidential documents, which were stored centrally at a document centre.
Prior approval[note: 35] was required for access to these documents. Second,
Clearlab allowed only designated employees to use electronic devices (_eg_ ,
computers) in the course of their work and, even then, only with electronic
devices issued by Clearlab. When Ting infringed the policy by using his
personal laptop, Clearlab reimbursed Ting for the costs of his personal laptop
so that it had the right to ask the laptop to be surrendered upon the
termination of his employment. Third, access to network applications and
shared folders had to be preceded by a request form and the requisite
approval. All in all, Clearlab had treated its confidential information in a
demonstrably confidential manner.

136 On this note, I turn to the specific items in Annex A which the defendants
submitted were non-confidential. These were (a) product artwork, (b) supplier
lists, (c) design of four notches at the bottom of the mould cast, and (d)
certain documents sent by David to Ting.

137 Product artwork was described by Clearlab as consisting of product
packaging, labels, package inserts, instructions for use and symbols as
required by the customers and/or respective national regulatory bodies. I
agree with the defendants that such information is found in products
circulated for sale and clearly in the public domain. The claim of
confidentiality over product artwork is therefore unsustainable.

138 The second, supplier lists, were argued to be non-confidential because Dr
Park conceded that there was nothing confidential about the names of the
suppliers or their particulars. This argument appeared to be misconceived.
Clearlab’s supplier lists were the result of its experience over a period of
time with each supplier having been validated as being able to supply
chemicals of sufficiently good grade. Oddly enough, the defendants had
supported Clearlab’s case by submitting that David had been part of the
validation process. While David was working at Clearlab, he was said to have
used his skill and experience to find the suppliers, whereupon he determined
the suitability of the chemicals they supplied. It was therefore clear to me
that the supplier lists were protectable as confidential information.

139 Third, the defendants challenged the confidentiality of a specific part of
the mould cast design, namely, the four equidistant features at the bottom of
each mould cast. It is submitted that the four features were obvious because
they were necessary to purge the mould casts of oxygen during the
polymerisation process and, further, they appeared in mould casts produced by
M Ltd, another contact lens manufacturer. However, these submissions were
shown to be either false or irrelevant. The necessity of the four features in
spincasting was falsely stated because Clearlab also used casts which did not
employ such features. The use of such features by M Ltd was irrelevant because
confidentiality was not compromised simply because another person had
independently come up with the same idea. More than one person may protect the
same confidential information, provided that the information could still be
regarded as confidential. Thus, it was more important that both Clearlab and M
Ltd had kept the information about the features confidential by, for example,
keeping the mould casts with such features from public circulation and not
publicising its use. There was no suggestion from the defendants that the
information was publicly available as such. In the result, I found the four
features to be a design element that was confidential.

140 This leaves only the confidentiality of the documents that David sent to
Ting to be determined. There were five such documents contended by the
defendants to be non-confidential. Four of them did not appear to fall within
the scope of Annex A but, in any event, they may be swiftly dealt with as
their lack of confidentiality was not seriously disputed:

(a) Atago Hand Held Refractometer.pdf. This was an operating manual for the
Atago brand of refractometer. The only dispute between the parties was whether
it was available for online download or whether it was provided with the
machine. In either case, I found that there was sufficient dissemination of
the document to make it non-confidential.

(b) chemist[1].doc. This was either David’s resume or a description of David’s
position in Clearlab. Clearlab had not suggested that it was confidential.

(c) 3287.001.pdf. The defendants asserted that this was a press release issued
by Cognis UK Ltd announcing BASF’s purchase of its business. This was not
challenged by Clearlab.

(d) http.doc. The defendant asserted that this was a website link to
scientific articles and journals. This too was not challenged by Clearlab.

141 Thus, all four documents above were non-confidential. The only truly
contentious document was the fifth, “Raw Material.doc”. According to the
defendants, this was a bare form generated based on information from the US
Food and Drug Administration website. According to Clearlab, however, it was a
list compiling the particulars of Clearlab’s chemical suppliers and suppliers
of raw materials. It contained their telephone numbers and email addresses as
well as the industry standard chemical number of the various chemicals and raw
materials supplied by them. Neither party’s version can be verified as the
document had been deleted and could not be recovered. But given that the
existence of the document was discovered from an email fragment retrieved by
Clearlab’s IT forensics experts, and the email fragment showed that David
emailed the document to Ting on 24 June 2011[note: 36] (which was after Ting’s
dismissal from Clearlab but during David’s employment at Clearlab), I was
inclined to believe Clearlab. On balance, I found that Raw Material.doc was
confidential.

142 To summarise, the items in Annex A were _prima facie_ protectable by
Clearlab as confidential information (except for the following: (a) design of
the Quad Spinner in item (g)(ii), (b) modifications to the Dual Spinner in
item (g)(i), (c) product artwork in item (h)(xi), and (d) the following
documents sent by David to Ting: (i) Atago Hand Held Refractometer.pdf, (ii)
chemist[1].doc, (iii) 3287.001.pdf, and (iv) http.doc).

Second element: Obligation of confidence

143 In the second element of breach of confidence, the plaintiff must show
that each of the defendants was subject to an obligation of confidence.

144 This element was easily satisfied in relation to the following defendants
who were under a contractual obligation of confidence: the first to fourth
defendants (_ie_ , Ting, David, Goh and Ng), who were ex-employees and
restrained under an express confidentiality clause in their employment
contracts, and the seventh and eighth defendants (_ie_ , Ma and Li), who were
bound by a confidentiality agreement.

145 The fifth defendant, Aquilus, stood in a slightly different position. It
was a third party recipient of information. More importantly, it was the
corporate vehicle through which the defendants intended to exploit the
confidential information they had obtained in breach of confidence. The
general rule of law is that the knowledge of the defendants (of the
confidentiality of information they had passed on to the company) will be
imputed to the company. In _JN Dairies Limited v Johal Dairies Limited_ _and
others_ [2009] EWHC 1331 (Ch), the court had no hesitation in finding at [113]
that the company, which had received confidential documents through its
director, would, through the director, be deemed to have knowledge of the
confidential nature of the documents and the circumstances in which it had
been obtained, and thus be bound by the same duty of confidence. The same
principle applies here. Aquilus, through the knowledge of its employees, was
put on notice of the confidentiality of the information that came into its
possession through the defendants and would therefore owe an equitable
obligation of confidence.

146 As for the ninth defendant, Ho, I found that there were good grounds for
him to be aware that Clearlab’s confidential information was used at Aquilus.
Insofar as he had received Clearlab’s documents, he would be fully aware that
the documents were confidential to Clearlab because they were unerringly
marked with Clearlab’s name and a confidentiality warning. While I note the
defendants’ point, which was that Clearlab may not throw a cloak of
confidentiality over its documents and bestow them with confidentiality if
they did not contain confidential information in the first place, that was not
Clearlab’s contention here. Clearlab submitted that Ho had objective notice of
the confidentiality of the relevant documents that were in fact confidential.
Also, it was obvious that the documents are taken by the ex-employees, whom Ho
had recruited, for the purpose of establishing a competing business in contact
lens manufacturing. I also found as a fact that Ho knew about the nature of
the documents. These circumstances imported an equitable obligation of
confidence upon Ho.

Third element: Unauthorised use

147 Before beginning on the discussion of the third element, I observe that
the circumstances of the alleged unauthorised use made of Clearlab’s
confidential information were distinctly different for: (a) Ting, David, Goh,
Ng, Ho and Aquilus, and (b) Ma and Li. As such, I intend to delineate the
discussion along this line; I will first discuss the alleged unauthorised use
by the defendants in group (a), and then discuss the alleged unauthorised use
by the defendants in group (b).

Ting, David, Goh, Ng, Ho and Aquilus

(1) Overview of the defendants’ conduct

148 I would state at the outset that I considered it clear that the group (a)
defendants were in breach of confidence. There were two factors which drive
this point home. First, these defendants were involved in an ambitious plan to
establish a business in manufacturing contact lens within an impossibly short
time and with only the ex-employees to serve as the technical personnel.
Second, the ex-employees had surreptitiously taken a large number of documents
from Clearlab and later (together with Ho) deleted what seemed to be the same
documents in Aquilus when they realised there was a search order.

149 Let me elaborate. From the minutes of the meetings at Aquilus, tight
deadlines were set for the product to be registered with the HSA. On 8 August
2011, exactly a week after David, Goh and Ng joined Aquilus, it was already
decided that an application for a manufacturing licence would be made to HSA
in October 2011.[note: 37] It was difficult to see how the ex-employees could
independently create the manufacturing process from scratch within such a
short timeframe relying only on themselves, a skeletal crew of four, for the
technical expertise. But such speed would be consistent with the use of
Clearlab’s confidential information. For example, test reports were forged by
copying actual test reports from Clearlab. David admitted that S-STB-
FIR-11-002.doc was copied wholesale from a shelf-life report for Clearlab’s
daily lens.[note: 38]

150 Shortly before leaving Clearlab, David, Goh and Ng essentially took all
that they needed to recreate Clearlab’s manufacturing process. Evidence was
captured of David accessing a series of documents in Clearlab within seconds
or minutes of each other. Upon cross-examination, David admitted that he was
looking at specific documents and downloading them.[note: 39]

151 This resulted in a remarkable number of documents that were taken from
Clearlab. Each of the ex-employees had taken documents and David alone had
admitted to taking 1,500. At a joint review of 49,787 forensic images
extracted during the execution of the search order, 6,153 documents were
acknowledged as belonging to Clearlab. It later appeared that not all of these
6,153 documents were Clearlab’s documents (_ie_ , they seemed to be third
party documents) but this did not obscure the point that a substantial number
of Clearlab’s documents were amassed by the ex-employees for easy access at
Aquilus.

152 Subsequently, a large collection of Clearlab’s documents appeared to be
stored in Ting’s and David’s office and home desktop computers, which were
deleted _en masse_ on the first day of the search order. A basic keyword
search using the term “Clearlab” was run on their computers and the following
number of deleted files were found:[note: 40]

(a) David’s office desktop computer: 4,070

(b) David’s home desktop computer: 844

(c) Ting’s office desktop computer: 4

153 Deletions were also made of files in an external hard disk drive belonging
to an employee of Aquilus, Nancy Looi,[note: 41] and files in Aquilus’ server.

154 It would appear, from the hasty deletions, that the defendants were
surprised by the search order and scrambled to delete the documents to hide
their tracks. In turn, this suggested that the deleted documents were
Clearlab’s confidential documents.

155 As such, I had no doubt that a case of breach of confidence was made out
against Ting, David, Goh, Ng, Ho and Aquilus. The only issue was the extent to
which Clearlab would succeed in proving all of its individual claims of breach
of confidence.

156 As it is easier to deal with the clear instances of breach, I shall begin
with those.

(2) Clear instances of breach of confidence

(A) Profiling software – SCS6

157 The SCS6 was a program used in the initial stages of the manufacturing
process to calculate the requisite lens dimensions for a range of optic power.
There was no dispute that SCS6 was confidential and treated by Clearlab as
such. The only serious argument advanced against the Clearlab’s case was that
SCS6 was not used and could not be used. While Goh was still at Clearlab, he
alleged that he had never successfully used SCS6 for designing inserts and had
to resort to SolidWorks to carry out his work.[note: 42] The evidence raised
in support of his allegation came to this: (a) the engineer who had preceded
Goh in Clearlab had difficulties designing inserts using SCS6,[note: 43] (b)
Goh would have taken a much shorter time developing inserts whilst in Clearlab
if he did know how to use SCS6, (c) but since he was using the slower trial
and error method with SolidWorks, he was only able to complete insert designs
for a limited range of powers (_ie_ , 13 out of 50 powers) for Aquilus as of
28 February 2013,[note: 44] and (d) Clearlab could have checked whether the
Aquilus’ lens have the characteristic three dominating curves with two
blendings and different bands of powers that would result from using SCS6, but
it did not. In short, the defendants’ case was that Goh had used SolidWorks
all the while at Clearlab and later at Aquilus, and Clearlab only had to check
the differences between Clearlab’s and Aquilus’ lens to confirm that SCS6 had
not been used.

158 It appeared to me that the defendants’ allegations stood on shaky ground.
If Goh’s contention was that he solely used SolidWorks to design inserts, he
was unable to show it in court. He had initially explained that, in designing
inserts, he would always start with the R value; he would see how the changing
of R produces a different dioptre. There were other values involved, such as X
and Z, but they were not used as the independent variable because his method
consisted of fixing X, varying R and then checking how Z was correspondingly
varied.[note: 45] In his demonstration in court of how he would design a zero
power lens using SolidWorks, he veered from his avowed method. First, Goh took
the Z value generated by MCG to input into SolidWorks. This completely
contradicted his explanation that Z was a dependent variable, and that it was
R which should drive the change in Z in SolidWorks.[note: 46] Secondly, as
mentioned at [49] above, in Goh’s AEIC, he had not stated that MCG was
involved at all until SolidWorks design was completed.[note: 47] But he
shifted his evidence three times. When he did the demonstration, he gave an
impression that the Z value had to be obtained from MCG. On cross-examination,
he said that he had to go back and forth between MCG and SolidWorks in order
to get good values for his first cut design.[note: 48] On the next day, he
said his demonstration was wrong because there was no need to refer to MCG for
designing insert for zero power lens.[note: 49] I also said earlier that his
explanation that he had forgotten how to use SolidWorks was highly doubtful at
[49]–[52] above. SolidWorks, as thoroughly demonstrated by Goh, was merely a
3D imaging software, with no computational function for deriving lens
dimensions.

159 Further, as mentioned at [51] above, Goh was further confronted with
documents[note: 50] which showed that he had used SCS6 in Clearlab up to 2010.
His claim to have discarded SCS6 at Clearlab and having used SolidWorks only
became more incredible in view of this evidence. Furthermore, he had explained
that the label of “SCS6” on the documents was “for show only” but on re-
examination, he accepted he was documenting his attempts to use SCS6. I found
that he was not a credible witness at all.

160 Lastly, the defendants were unable to explain why SCS6 was found to have
been run on Ting’s Aquilus desktop.[note: 51]

161 From the evidence before me, I agreed with Clearlab that Goh’s explanation
of using SolidWorks was a contrived explanation to distance himself from SCS6.
I found that Goh did know how to use, could use and had used SCS6 in breach of
confidence.

(B) Profiling software – torsing

162 The torsing program functioned very much like the SCS6 program; it also
computed the dimensions of lens. The main difference was that torsing was used
for designing toric lenses which were made using the cast mould method,
whereas SCS6 was used for designing lenses which were made using the spin-cast
method.

163 For the same reasons as above, it was unlikely that the SolidWorks
software was sufficient for designing toric lenses.

164 The defendants, however, proceeded with another line of defence, claiming
that Aquilus did not intend to manufacture toric lenses, and therefore they
would not have any reason to use the torsing program. But this defence was
untenable given that: (a) Goh admitted to accessing the torsing program from
his thumbdrive whilst in Aquilus,[note: 52] (b) there was IT forensic evidence
that torsing was run on Ting’s and Goh’s Aquilus computers,[note: 53] and (c)
Goh further admitted to making drawings of female toric inserts[note: 54]
(although this admission was made in an attempt to side-step a separate
allegation that the drawings were wrongfully taken from Clearlab). I make no
finding as to who had drawn those inserts, but if it were Goh, I have no doubt
that he had used torsing.

165 Despite these admissions, Goh attempted to dispute the use of torsing by
alleging that it was an unreadable file. In the face of the aforementioned IT
forensic evidence showing that the file had been opened and run, this was
clearly false.

(C) Hioxifilcon A formulations

166 The preparation of the monomer, or the material of the lens, using a lens
formulation was a key step in the manufacturing process. At Clearlab, both
spin-cast and mould-cast lenses were made using its allegedly confidential
Hioxifilcon A formulations. Clearlab asserted that its precise chemical
formulations were not disclosed in any patent. This was despite Clearlab
acknowledging that it had a licence for the world-wide use of Hioxifilcon A
formulation that was the subject of several US patents owned by Benz Research
and Development Corporation and Hydrogel Vision Corp, namely, US Patent No
5,532,289, US Patent No 6,011,081 and US Patent No 6,555,598.[note: 55] The
argument run by Clearlab was that its lens formulations were derived after
many years of R&D and significant financial investment. They were not revealed
in the patents that Clearlab took a licence to use. I agreed with Clearlab. I
noted that, at Clearlab, David was tasked to carry out trials to alter the
lens formulations,[note: 56] so this supported Clearlab’s case that its
formulations were being improved over the years. Based on the defendants’
submissions, it also appeared that the defendants did not deny that Clearlab’s
formulations were confidential. Thus, I proceed on the basis that Clearlab’s
formulations were protectable as confidential information.

167 The main dispute with regards to the lens formulations concerned the use
of these formulations. The defendants’ case was that David derived a different
Hioxifilcon formulation at Aquilus using US Patent No 6,566,417 B2. They
claimed that there was no breach of confidence because Aquilus’ formulation
was not copied from Clearlab. On the contrary, they alleged that Aquilus’
formulation was developed by David relying on his own skill and knowledge. The
evidence that the defendants relied on were the differences between Clearlab’s
and Aquilus’ Hioxifilcon A formulations.

168 There are indeed a number of stark differences between the two
formulations. However Clearlab urged me to take a sceptical view of the
differences between the two formulations. The reasons appear to be three-
pronged. First, the column displaying the formulation for Aquilus’ Vodaclear
Daily lenses contained dated information. It emerged in cross-examination that
Aquilus’ lens formulation was no longer the lens formulation in use at
Aquilus.[note: 57] It was wholly unclear what lens formulations Aquilus was
using at the time because there was no further evidence from the defendants on
this matter. Second, Clearlab argued that the information misled the court
into thinking that Clearlab’s formulation was never used by David, when it in
fact was. Two alleged differences in the formulations were said to be
fallacious.

(a) Surfactant: The defendants’ case was that that Aquilus used Tetronic
whereas Clearlab used Pluronic. However, this was doubtful because, at one
point, David admitted that he initially used Pluronic at Aquilus.[note: 58]
Further, there was a photograph taken by Clearlab of a bottle of Pluronic in
Aquilus’ laboratory at the time of the execution of the search order.[note:
59] It was also discovered that, even before David left Clearlab, he had
downloaded a document on the material specification for Pluronic from
Clearlab’s server. Clearlab stated that this was highly suggestive that David
had set out to use Pluronic.

(b) UV initiator: The defendants’ case was that that Aquilus used Darocur
whereas Clearlab used BME. But, again, David admitted to using BME at
Aquilus,[note: 60] and a bottle of BME was found in Aquilus’ laboratory and
photographed by Dr Park during the execution of the search order.[note: 61]
After leaving Clearlab, Ting had also asked David for photographs of
Clearlab’s Millipore pressure vessel and filtration system, which David in
turn asked Tan Aik Ming (“Tan”), a Clearlab employee, to take. Tan took five
to seven photographs of Clearlab’s equipment and sent them to David’s personal
email account. Clearlab stated that the interest displayed in the equipment
showed that the defendants had intended to use BME at the outset because this
equipment was necessary to filter out BME or any other solid form of UV
initiator. If the defendants had intended to use Darocur, they would not have
required such equipment (or photographs of the equipment) because Darocur was
a liquid UV initiator.

169 Third, Clearlab submitted that the properties of the lenses produced by
Aquilus were inaccurate or contrived. David gave evidence that higher water
content correlated to a higher swell factor in the lens, but it was in
conflict with his own AEIC which stated that Aquilus lens had a higher swell
factor but lower water content.[note: 62] David tried to get round this
inconsistency by suggesting that the laboratory report on the water content of
Aquilus’ and Clearlab’s lenses was wrong, but I found his explanation to be
unconvincing.[note: 63]

170 Given the logical inconsistencies of the figures and David’s admissions
that he was not currently using the exact formulation, I treated the
differences between the two formulations with caution. In my mind, it carried
little, if any, weight.

171 However, even if I should heed the differences between the two
formulations, Clearlab submitted that these differences were only cosmetic. In
this alternative submission, Clearlab submitted that the defendants would not
make any significant changes to Clearlab’s lens formulations because it would
impede them from using Clearlab’s combination of lens dimensions, dosage and
spin-speeds in the subsequent steps to manufacture contact lenses.

172 To show that the defendants had copied from Clearlab but cosmetically
disguised its formulation to look like a different formulation, Clearlab
submitted that the properties of the Hioxifilcon A produced from both
formulations were not so dissimilar. The properties in the three bottommost
rows of the table were refractive index, specific gravity and oxygen
permeability. David admitted that the figures reflecting the properties of
Clearlab’s lens could fall within the standard deviation (associated with each
property) of the figures for Aquilus’ lens.[note: 64] Furthermore, in terms of
the differences in the constituents of the formulations, Clearlab had shown
that some of the differences were not so significant:

(a) For the surfactant and the UV initiator, David admitted that Pluronic and
BME were functional equivalents of Tetronic[note: 65] and Darocur[note: 66]
respectively. Both Pluronic and Tetronic (used as surfactant) served the same
function of debonding the lens from the surface of the cast, and both BME and
Darocur (used as UV initiator) served to effect polymerisation.

(b) For the tint, David admitted that the difference was insignificant as it
was no more than a chemical to colour a lens.[note: 67]

(c) Finally, the packaging solution was merely a solution that finished lenses
were immersed in when packaged.

173 The broad thrust of Clearlab’s submissions was that these differences were
an attempt to camouflage the fact that the defendants had copied Clearlab’s
formulation. However, I was not prepared to conclude that all the differences
are merely cosmetic. This was because Clearlab had not submitted on how the
difference in the GMA/HEMA ratios applied at Clearlab and Aquilus was not
significant. Bearing in mind that the end-product, Hioxifilcon A, was
essentially a copolymer of GMA (2,3-dihydroxypropyl methacrylate) and HEMA
(2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate), I could not simply discount the different
combinations of HEMA and GMA shown by the differences between Clearlab's and
Aquilus' formulations. For this reason, it remained unclear whether Aquilus’
formulation was merely cosmetically different from Clearlab’s formulation.
That said, the uncertainty in this regard was immaterial as I have earlier
stated that I am not placing much weight on the differences between the two
formulations.

174 Aside from technical evidence on lens formulations, Clearlab submitted
that there was irrefutable evidence that the defendants copied the
formulation. First, the defendants had access to the requisite information
because Ting admitted that David had sent to him the full suite of Clearlab’s
lens formulations.[note: 89] Amongst the documents sent, two were entitled,
quite tellingly, “S-TEF-FRP-004 TECHNICAL FILE (Clear All Day).doc” and “SG-
ID-002_R08 Composition of Monomer Formulation.pdf”.[note: 69] Further, there
was evidence the defendants had intended to replicate Clearlab’s formulation.
The defendants’ plan, as encapsulated in its minutes of meeting on 8 August
2011, was to apply for a HSA manufacturing licence by October 2011.[note: 70]
David admitted under cross-examination that Aquilus had to have a workable
lens formulation in order to obtain HSA manufacturing licence. There would not
have been enough time for David, since joining Aquilus in August 2011 till the
deadline of October 2011, to look at patents and independently develop a lens
formulation.

175 From the foregoing, it can be seen that the defendants had formed an
intention to replicate Clearlab’s formulations at the time of taking the
documents out of Clearlab, and had acted on that intention by buying and using
chemicals that were, by their own evidence, not required under the formulation
they claimed they used, but were clearly required under Clearlab’s
formulation. The irresistible inference was that the defendants had indeed
used Clearlab’s formulations and I so find.

176 There was one other argument that the defendants had made to resist
liability in relation to the lens formulation. As stated earlier, Clearlab
entered into a licence agreement for the use of three US patents. Based on
this, the defendants challenged Clearlab’s right to commence legal action in
relation to its Hioxifilcon A formulation, first, because it was a mere
licensee and, secondly, because the patents were only enforceable in the US.
This was a misconceived argument as Clearlab had not claimed the right to
enforce patents. Thus, while the defendants’ submissions about the patent law
may well be correct, they were inapplicable to the present suit.

(D) Combination of dosage, spin-speed and lens dimensions

177 After preparing the lens monomer, but before the curing process, there was
a spinning process. A precise quantity of lens monomer would be dosed onto the
mould cast and spun at controlled speeds. Both sides accepted that minor
variations in dosage and spin-speed would affect the power of the lens
produced. Accurate speed controls and precise dosage were therefore critical
to the manufacturing process. The claim of breach of confidence under this
head was in respect of the combination of dosage and spin-speed to produce
lens of the requisite dimensions.

178 The defendants did not dispute the confidentiality of the information.
They, however, submitted that there was insufficient evidence to show that
they had used Clearlab’s spin-speed and dosage because if the defendants had
copied Clearlab’s spin-speed and dosage, they would had to copy the exact
spin-speed and dosage. Otherwise, the lens produced would not attain the
targeted power. If there was any difference in spin-speed and/or dosage, it
would prove that the defendants had not copied from Clearlab. The defendants
emphasised that Clearlab had refused to disclose its combination of dosage,
spin-speed and lens dimensions.

179 On that last point, it bears noting that Clearlab was entitled to redact
any documents containing such information on the basis of confidentiality.
Therefore, the lack of such information was not, in itself, determinative of
the matter. Separately, there was ample evidence that a document containing
dosage and spin-speed information was taken from Clearlab. The request for the
document was first made by David to Tan. Tan acceded to the request and sent
the document from his personal Gmail account to David’s personal Gmail
account. David then sent the document to Ting.[note: 71]

180 The evidence that tipped the balance in Clearlab’s favour was the reason
given by David for requesting the document. When cross-examined on this, David
answered in the following manner:[note: 72]

Q:If you look at this document, it contains fabrication data. If you look at
page 180, we had to blacken out, redact the numbers.

A:Yes.

Q:But this contains the fabrication data for the entire power range, from
+6.00 to -10.00. Yes?

A:Partially agree.

Q:Can you give your answer again.

A:Partially agree.

Q:It does contain the fabrication data, yes?

A:Yes.

Q:And it is for the entire power range.

A:Yes, for the particular moulding machine.

Q:Mr David, by 23 September you had already physically left the company.

A:Yes.

Q:You knew you had this document with you?

A:Yes.

Q:And this document belongs to Clearlab?

A:Yes.

Q:But you did not destroy this or return to Clearlab; instead you forwarded it
to yourself.

A:Sorry?

Q:Instead of destroying this document or returning this document to Clearlab,
you instead forwarded it to yourself, from your personal Gmail account to your
Aquilus e-mail.

A:Actually it was forwarded by Edward [_ie_ , Tan] of Clearlab to me, to my
personal e-mail.

Q:Why did you want to keep something like this? Even if Edward [_ie_ , Tan]
had given it to you, you should have destroyed it or given it back to
Clearlab.

A:You mean went to destroy? Because this one, _when I was developing lens
formulation for Aquilus, we were facing a lot of difficulties in coming up
with a good lens, so as part of development of lens formulation for Aquilus, I
need to develop one lens, namely minus 3 diopter, but I am running short of
time, so that - - I was thinking that it may be helpful for me to shorten the
trial to coming up with -3.00 lens, but I asked Edward_ [ie, Tan]_, “Could you
please send some rough and those data for -3.00, then he has sent the range of
this - - I think I asked only one power. I cannot say that \- - I remember I
asked for only -3.00, and then he has sent me these_.

Then I somehow got it from him, and then, trying to use for the Aquilus
formulation, I knew it won’t work because this insert is designed for one
particular moulding machine, it will suit the speed, and those data will be
suitable for one particular moulding machine. And Clearlab’s lens formulation
- -

[emphasis added]

181 On the evidence, David had asked for the document from Tan because he
needed it to develop -3.00 dioptre lens. This suggested that the document was
used at least for making -3.00 dioptre lens. I find that breach of confidence
was made out in respect of Clearlab’s combination of dosage, spin-speed and
lens dimensions.

(E) Parameter settings for Optoform 80 machine

182 The metal insert for producing the cast mould was cut using an Optoform 80
machine. As described earlier, the dimensions of the insert were initially
determined by the SCS6 and fine-tuned by an iterative process using
SolidWorks. The insert dimensions were then converted into parameter settings
which were inputted to the Optoform 80 machine to cut the insert.

183 There was no dispute that the parameter settings were confidential. The
only question was whether they were used by Aquilus. The evidence was
relatively straightforward. Ng admitted to copying the excel file storing the
parameter settings keyed in by other technicians.[note: 73] Furthermore, Ng
admitted that the file was not deleted when he left to join Aquilus and he
later forwarded it to Goh using his Aquilus email account.[note: 74] The
excuses Ng made were poor. First, he claimed to have taken the file for “self-
study”, which was incredible, because it was unlikely that he could learn much
from what was basically a compilation of numbers representing spindle rpm,
feed rate, pass rate, block diameter, cup depth, _etc_.[note: 75] It also did
not explain why he had to send Goh the file as well. Secondly, he claimed that
a lathe machine service engineer was engaged to input the parameter setting in
Aquilus’ Optoform 80 machine,[note: 76] but it is hard to believe that an
engineer without a background in contact lenses would know what settings to
input. Minutes later during the cross-examination, he seemed to change his
evidence by saying that he did it the hard way from scratch, _ie_ , he tested
until he got the correct result.[note: 77]

184 From the defendants’ closing submissions, there was a further suggestion
that a comparison should made between Aquilus’ inserts and mould casts, and
Clearlab’s inserts and mould casts. If the dimensions were different, then,
logically, the parameter settings (for cutting the inserts, which are in turn
used to shape the concave cavity of the mould casts) must also be different.
However, the defendants stopped short of submitting that the inserts and mould
casts had different dimensions, though, they did, in their reply submissions,
referred to Goh’s AEIC on the different sizes of Aquilus’ and Clearlab’s
inserts.[note: 78]

185 This evidence was adduced to rebut Clearlab’s other claim that Goh had
used its SCS6 program. Earlier, I have disbelieved Goh’s claim that he was
able to design inserts using SolidWorks only. As the dimensions of Aquilus’
inserts were put to me as the result of Goh’s work using SolidWorks, their
_bona fides_ were doubtful. I therefore did not rely on this evidence.

186 I was persuaded, on a balance of probabilities, that the parameter
settings taken by Ng were used in breach of confidence by the defendants.

(F) Documents for ISO and OHSAS certifications

187 Aquilus applied for four certifications (_ie_ , ISO 13485:2003, ISO
14001:2004, ISO 9001:2008, OHSAS 18001:2007) on 1 June 2011 and, following an
audit by TQCSI, obtained all four certifications on 3 November 2011.

188 According to Clearlab, this was an impossible feat unless Aquilus had
copied and used Clearlab’s confidential documents. Clearlab highlighted that
the defendants, with such limited manpower, had set tight deadlines for
themselves. Three of its four technical crew (_ie_ , David, Goh and Ng) had
only come on board on 1 August 2011, after the application for certifications
was made and barely three months later, the certifications were issued.
Clearlab also pointed out that the ISO certification required a minimum of
three months of actual implementation of QMSs and related SOPs. The remarkable
speed at which Aquilus obtained certifications, Clearlab submitted,
overwhelmingly suggests copying.

189 In rebuttal, the defendants sought to credit the quick certification
process to Nancy Looi’s previous experience with ISO standards in Central
Global and Jingle Interior Decorations (S) Pte Ltd. However, none of those
companies were involved in contact lens manufacturing nor were they accredited
with ISO13485:2003 (the quality management standard for the design and
manufacture of medical devices). It seemed that Nancy Looi’s experience had
little relevance in the technical areas of contact lens manufacturing and she
could only speed the certification process up to a limited extent.

190 Secondly, Clearlab pointed to emails sent by David to Sara with vague
instructions for her to make changes to various documents. The first of such
emails was sent on 1 September 2011 with the following words: “This is
Clearlab Microlab SOP, please write it for Aquilus”. Four days later, on 5
September 2011, David sent a larger batch of documents to Sara, saying
“attached are some SOPs and OIs, needed to change for Aquilus”. Sara replied
on 5 October 2011 with eighteen attachments and described her work as having
“removed all mentions of CL and also changed the words 1-Day to Daily
Lens”.[note: 79] Finally, on 6 October 2011, David emailed back saying “Thanks
for SOPs. It is great.”[note: 80]

191 A review of some of these attachments showed that Aquilus’ documents were
in substance identical to Clearlab’s.[note: 81] When confronted with
Clearlab’s and Aquilus’ nearly-identical “Essential Requirement Checklist” for
daily disposable lens, Sara admitted to copying (by copy-typing, not cutting
and pasting) as copying had saved weeks of time to prepare the document, and
that it was wrongful.[note: 82] During the copy-typing process, she changed
(a) Clearlab’s name to Aquilus’ name, and (b) Clearlab’s product names to
generic names.[note: 83] Although Sara gave evidence she had gotten David’s
instructions wrong[note: 84] because David had later (after the execution of
the search order) told her that she was supposed to use Clearlab’s documents
only as a template and to write the documents independently, that was scarcely
believable. Sara had no prior experience in the contact lens industry. She was
hired by Aquilus as a sales and marketing executive. It was questionable why
David would even approach Sara to write some SOPs and OIs when she had little
to no knowledge of the manufacturing process for contact lenses. Moreover,
Sara, in her AEIC,[note: 85] clearly stated that she told David that she was
not technically trained.

192 Nevertheless, the defendants asserted that there was no breach of
confidence because the copy-typed documents were not used by Aquilus, whether
for certification or otherwise. The main evidence came from David who attested
that he did not open some of Sara’s attachments at all because he had doubts
about her capability after seeing her copy-typed work.[note: 86] The
defendants also pointed out that the auditors’ checklist and work sheets did
not refer to Sara’s copy-typed documents.

193 However, use of Clearlab’s SOPs and OIs were not limited to the audit of
Sara’s copy-typed documents. Implementation of the SOPs and OIs to satisfy the
audit requirements would constitute use as well. Relevantly, David had emailed
Dawn Teng to run the company using Clearlab’s standards in an email on 6
September 2011. The exact words in that email were: “As per Mr Ting advice, we
can use Clearlab’s standard for a while.”[note: 87] This email was sent in the
midst of the audit, which took place on 5, 10, 11, 12 and 13 September 2011.

194 In view of the foregoing, I found that the evidence had shown that the
defendants used Clearlab’s documents in breach of confidence to obtain the
four certifications.

(3) Potential use

195 An interesting issue arose as to claims of breach of confidence in respect
of the documents that were not so clearly used. As mentioned, there were
thousands of documents that were taken by the defendants. The above discussion
only addressed documents that were used, which comprised a fraction of the
documents taken by the defendants.

196 The evidence showed that the defendants took as many documents as they
could while they were in Clearlab and in a position to do so. Amongst the
documents taken, many were not immediately useful to Aquilus. The defendants
drew the court’s attention to records of customer complaints, password-
protected files that could not be opened, clinical studies on Clearlab’s
products,[note: 88] obsolete Plymouth procedures,[note: 89] trial lens test
report, draft qualification report, lens formulation for cast moulded lens,
and listings of production and failure rates at Clearlab.[note: 90] The
defendants pointed out that these were useless to Aquilus. Also, given the
promptness in which Clearlab obtained an interim injunction against the
defendants, there were other documents the defendants had no opportunity of
using by the time of the institution of these proceedings.

197 Contrary to the defendants’ submission, it was clear to me that in taking
the documents in such a manner, they had intended to arm Aquilus with a
database of information from which they could extract such information that
would be useful as and when needed. Wholesale copying was convenient for the
defendants as it did not require expenditure of cost or manpower and the
documents taken could be analysed for usefulness at leisure. They were also on
tap as a useful library of resource material. That was the reason that the
process was not selective and they had ended up with many documents that were
totally useless and many more that were not of immediate use but were
potentially useful. The critical question was: can confidential documents be
taken from Clearlab in such a blatant manner and, simply because they cannot
individually be proved to be used by Aquilus, not be subject to an injunction
or order for delivery up? The defendants had construed this question as being
one of breach. They seemed to be asserting that the particular breaches in
respect of documents that were not used could not be made out and therefore no
remedy was available for these documents.

198 But that is not the only way to look at this question. In _National Broach
and Machine Co v Churchill Gear Machines Ltd_ [1965] 1 WLR 1199, it was held
that a plaintiff was also entitled to a remedy in respect of all the
information he had shown to be confidential, so long as there are proven
instances of breach of confidence. The rationale in that case was that “there
is a certain lack of reality” to limit recovery to the exact number of
drawings that the defendants wrongfully used, when it appeared that there were
only some but not all of the drawings that were received by the defendants: at
1202 per Willmer LJ. I agree entirely with this approach. The principal
concern in the present case was to restrain the defendants, who were proven to
have wrongfully used some of Clearlab’s confidential information, from
committing further breaches of confidence in respect of the remaining
confidential information that they had wrongfully taken away. This was the
principal basis of my orders at [331]–[332]­.

199 I will leave the question open as to whether the mere taking of
confidential information can constitute a breach of confidential information.
By way of observation, I will add that there are competing considerations. On
one hand, there is a perception that breach should not be confined to use and
disclosure, but should be interpreted in the context within which the
obligation of confidence arose. Thus, the argument could be made that the
defendants’ behaviour in taking Clearlab’s documents and keeping them for the
purpose of future reference was at odds with their obligation of confidence to
Clearlab and should constitute a breach of confidence. The key fact was that
they had surreptitiously obtained for their own use confidential information
which they should not have access to after their employment with Clearlab
ceased. On the other hand, many of the cases on breach of confidence are
grounded on past unauthorised use or disclosure. Based on the consistent
emphasis of breach being actual use or disclosure, and the vintage of _Coco_
’s formulation of the element of breach as “an unauthorised use of that
information to the detriment of the party communicating it” (_Coco_ at 47),
the opposing argument is that the defendants should not be liable if they are
not actually shown to have used the confidential information.

200 As this issue has not been discussed in any depth in Singapore, I find it
useful to review the relevant decisions in the other Commonwealth
jurisdictions.

201 First of all, the Australian courts have explicitly moved away from the
concept that actual use or disclosure is required to establish a breach of
confidence. According to the Australian authorities, threatened use or
disclosure of the confidential information is sufficient. As early as 1984, in
_Moorgate_ at 438, it was mentioned in passing that the court in its equitable
jurisdiction may grant relief against an “actual or threatened abuse of
confidential information”. The case did not in fact address why threatened
abuse should suffice but that phrase was repeated in a number of subsequent
decisions. Thereafter, it became settled law that one of the elements for a
breach of confidence was “actual or threatened misuse” of confidential
information: see _Smith Kline & French Laboratories (Aust) Limited and others
v Secretary, Department of Community Services and Health_ (1990) 22 FCR 73 at
87. Claims have therefore been pursued on the basis that there was an
apprehended breach of confidence in order to restrain an expected injury to
the plaintiff’s right and to preserve the confidentiality of information. For
example, in _AZPA Pty Ltd and anor v Dogan and anor_ [2010] VSC 51, the
defendants had not yet disclosed the confidential information but the
plaintiffs feared that they would do so in favour of a supplier, so they moved
to restrain the defendants. Under this approach, the second element for the
breach of confidence action was framed by the court, and seemingly accepted by
all parties, as a requirement that one of the defendants “proposes to, or
threatens to use that information”: at [10].

202 In England, the test for breach of confidence remains that of the
aforementioned three elements stated by Megarry J in  _Coco_. But despite the
requirement of an “unauthorised use” in _Coco_ , the courts have been willing
to come to the aid of the plaintiff even where there is only imminent use or
disclosure of confidential information. This is well illustrated in the case
of _Imerman v Tchenguiz and others_ [2011] 2 WLR 592 (“ _Imerman_ ”). The case
concerns the right of a wife, who was seeking ancillary relief from her
husband, to retain copies of documents which were unlawfully obtained. In
reaching the conclusion that a claim in confidence against the wife would
succeed and that she should return all copies of the documents, the court
stated (at [68]–[69]):

If confidence applies to a defendant who adventitiously, but without
authorisation, obtains information in respect of which he must have
appreciated that the claimant had an expectation of privacy, it must, _a
fortiori_ , extend to a defendant who intentionally, and without
authorisation, takes steps to obtain such information. It would seem to us to
follow that _intentionally obtaining such information, secretly and knowing
that the claimant reasonably expects it to be private, is itself a breach of
confidence_. The notion that looking at documents which one knows to be
confidential is itself capable of constituting an actionable wrong (albeit
perhaps only in equity) is also consistent with the decision of the Strasbourg
court that monitoring private telephone calls can infringe the article 8
rights of the caller: see Copland v United Kingdom (2007) 25 BHRC 216.

In our view, _it would be a breach of confidence for a defendant, without the
authority of the claimant, to examine, or to make, retain, or supply copies to
a third party_ of, a document whose contents are, and were (or ought to have
been) appreciated by the defendant to be, confidential to the claimant. It is
of the essence of the claimant’s right to confidentiality that he can choose
whether, and, if so, to whom and in what circumstances and on what terms, to
reveal the information which has the protection of the confidence. It seems to
us, as a matter of principle, that, again in the absence of any defence on the
particular facts, a claimant who establishes a right of confidence in certain
information contained in a document should be able to **restrain any threat by
an unauthorised defendant to look at, copy, distribute any copies of, or to
communicate, or utilise the contents of the document (or any copy)** , and
also be able to enforce the return (or destruction) of any such document or
copy. Without the court having the power to grant such relief, the information
will, through the unauthorised act of the defendant, either lose its
confidential character, or will at least be at risk of doing so. The claimant
should not be at risk, through the unauthorised act of the defendant, of
having the confidentiality of the information lost, or even potentially lost.

[emphasis added]

203 A number of observations can be made from the decision. First, the court
appears to have accepted a wide range of acts as capable of constituting
breach: these are italicised above. They consist of the unauthorised
acquisition of the information (whether by examining it or making copies) or
the more conventional acts of use or disclosure of the information (such as,
by supplying copies to a third party). The court could not condone the
deliberate steps taken to purloin confidential documents without the consent
of the plaintiff, and it seems that any act relating to, enabled by or flowing
from the taking of confidential documents will be put to a stop. If the
defendant was not entitled to the confidential information in the first place,
the defendant would not be entitled to the confidential information no matter
what was done. The court went on to pronounce at [74] that “equity fashions
the appropriate relief to fit the rights of the parties, the facts of the
case, and, at least sometimes, the wider merits”. It also seems that a threat
to use or disclose was good enough for the law to intervene. From the words in
bold cited above in _Imerman_ , a breach of confidence may be established on
threats to infringe on another’s right of confidentiality and relief would
similarly be granted to restrain these threats. Such robust application of the
law of confidence was justified for two reasons:

(a) The reasonable expectation of privacy must be upheld. Because the case
arose in the family context, the confidential information specifically
concerned the husband’s private life and was covered by the right to respect
private life in Art 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights. It should be
noted that, since the House of Lords decision in _Campbell v MGN Ltd_ [2004] 2
AC 457, the right to respect private life has been incorporated in the English
law of confidence: see [65].

(b) The unauthorised acts of the defendant must not be allowed to undermine
the confidentiality of the information. If the defendant threatens to use or
disclose the confidential information, he could be injuncted from doing so. If
the information is already “out there” in the possession of one who should not
have it, then a court order could be obtained to have it returned or
destroyed: see [72]–[73]. It appears that the court was fully prepared to
protect a plaintiff against the risk of loss of confidentiality.

204 Most interestingly, the court did not view its decision as representing a
new authority in English law that an injunction is available even in
circumstances when the confidential information was not yet used. As Lord
Neuberger of Abbotsbury MR observed at [71], it is not the position in English
law that there has to be such misuse before a claim for breach of confidence
can succeed.

205 I pause now to observe that, in both Australia and England, the courts
recognised that a person who had received or taken confidential information,
and had notice of its confidentiality, should not be allowed to act in a
manner which is inconsistent with the plaintiff’s right of confidentiality.
While it is commonly the case that use and disclosure of the information
constitutes a breach of his obligation of confidence, the courts have accepted
that accessing, acquiring or threatening to abuse the confidential information
may also form a breach of confidence. The turning point for this development
seems to be an awareness that an obligation of confidence is ineluctably
shaped by the particular facts of the case. I can imagine that the
relationship between the parties, the manner in which confidential information
was obtained, the measures taken to safeguard confidentiality, _etc_ , would
define the boundary of the defendants’ obligation of confidence and, in turn,
affect the analysis of whether the obligation was indeed breached. Thus,
whether there has been breach of confidence appears to be a question of fact
and degree that must be regarded in its wider context.

206 Whilst it is not necessary for this court to reach a conclusion on whether
the taking of documents by the defendants is a breach of confidence, I am
minded to observe that the defendants have acted wholly inconsistently with
their obligations of confidence to Clearlab. I return to the circumstances in
which the documents were taken out of Clearlab. First, the sheer number of
documents taken suggests that the ex-employees were taking the documents, not
for the purposes of their work at Clearlab, but for accumulating documents to
be potentially used at Aquilus. Ting admitted that the documents were taken
for “reference”. [note: 91] David similarly passed on certain documents on
SOPs and OIs to Sara for “reference”.[note: 92] From the way the defendants
handled Clearlab’s documents prior to leaving Clearlab and after they started
work for Aquilus, it is clear that the documents were treated as a resource
that the defendants can freely use. Second, each of the ex-employees was in
breach of cl 3 of their employment contract when they retained the
confidential documents after their employment with Clearlab ended. The reasons
for the breach of cl 3 are given below at [265]–[268]. The point being made
now is that the ex-employees were not entitled to keep the confidential
documents, much less use them for the benefit of Aquilus. The flagrant breach
of contract would bolster a case that the defendants had, in the first place,
surreptitiously acquired the documents without Clearlab’s consent.

207 According to the above principles, it would appear that the defendants
breached their obligations of confidence to Clearlab in respect of the whole
lot of documents that they had taken out of Clearlab. It is hardly an answer
to a claim in confidence that certain documents in the defendants’ collection
of Clearlab’s documents were not actually used when each of these documents
was wrongfully taken with the intention of using them. At its heart, the
action for breach of confidence is to vindicate Clearlab’s right to preserve
the confidentiality of its documents. To accept the defendants’ piecemeal
analysis why certain documents cannot be used or to ignore that further use
was prevented because of the timely interim injunction, and therefore decline
to protect the documents that were not used, would undoubtedly do violence to
Clearlab’s right of confidentiality. Thus, insofar as the documents can
properly be regarded as confidential and were wrongfully taken from Clearlab
with the view of using them, it would seem that there was a breach of
confidence.

(4) Toh’s mould base design

208 Before leaving the breach of confidence action against the defendants,
there is one final issue relating to the mould base design used at Aquilus.
Clearlab argued that Toh from TRAXonline Solutions LLP copied features from
the mould base design that he carried out for Clearlab in the mould base
design that he later did for Aquilus. The way in which Clearlab put its case
was as follows. When Toh designed the mould base for Clearlab’s moulding line
“D”, he incorporated the best features from two of Clearlab’s existing mould
base designs, which were known as the 1-Day mould base and the FRP mould base.
In cross-examination, Toh was directed to look at the 1-Day mould base, the
FRP mould base and the new “D” mould base. Counsel for Clearlab pointed out
that admissions were made by Toh that there are similarities between
Clearlab’s existing mould bases and the “D” mould base that Toh designed for
Clearlab. For example, both the FRP mould base and the “D” mould base had four
cavities, a cooling channel, and a flat lock pin.[note: 93] Next, counsel
asserted that that Clearlab’s and Aquilus’ mould base designs were essentially
the same.

209 However it seemed to me that there was a missing step here. Even assuming
that features from the 1-Day mould base and the FRP mould base were
incorporated in the “D” mould base, it was not clear if they were also
incorporated in Aquilus’ mould base. Further, there were alleged differences
between the Clearlab’s and Aquilus’ mould bases which, if true, would directly
rebut Clearlab’s assertion that certain features of Clearlab’s mould bases
were replicated in Aquilus’ mould bases. For example, Toh’s evidence was that
the hot runner in the mould bases was different because Clearlab used a Mold
Master X-design, whereas Aquilus used a Husky H-design.[note: 94]

210 The key question that arose here was whether Aquilus’ mould base design
incorporated Clearlab’s confidential information. Looking at the limited
evidence before me, I was unable to find that this was the case. Clearlab was
therefore not entitled to a remedy in respect of the mould base design that
Toh designed for Aquilus.

Ma and Li

211 I come now to the alleged breach of confidence by Ma and Li. This claim
was mounted in respect of the supply of spin-cast machines by Optic to
Aquilus. Such spin-cast machines essentially handled two steps of the
manufacturing process; first, the spinning of lens monomer in mould casts and,
second, the polymerisation of the lens monomer by exposing it to UV light.

(1) Scope of Clearlab’s confidential information

212 It should be recalled that Clearlab had no standing to sue in respect of
the information that arose from Ma’s work for Clearlab. Thus, the breach of
confidence claim against Ma and Li was confined to the information originating
from Clearlab that was disclosed in confidence to them.

213 The first step was to identify the information that was disclosed. There
were two separate circumstances under which Ma received information. The first
was when he was tasked with repairing and modifying the Dual Spinners at
Clearlab. It was undisputed that Ma had made detailed drawings of the
unmodified Dual spinners and was told the problems encountered with those Dual
Spinners. The second was when Ma designed the Quad Spinner for Clearlab. This
posed some evidentiary difficulty for Clearlab as Ting seemed to be the only
person at Clearlab who had dealt with Ma in respect of his work on the Quad
Spinner. I noted that Dr Park had the impression that Ting alone liaised with
OSC and was personally unaware if any design specifications or details were
given to Ma.[note: 95] Dr Park was therefore in no position to contradict Ma’s
testimony that he had not received any design input from anyone from
Clearlab.[note: 96] So based on Ma’s evidence, in total, he was given:

(a) full access to Dual Spinner;

(b) a sample of the plastic casts to measure; and

(c) some instructions on what the proposed spin-cast machine should have,
which were:[note: 97]

(i) variable spin-speed between 200rpm to 800rpm;

(ii) eight to ten spin tubes using one shared drive motor;

(iii) adjustable UV fluorescent tubes with variable exposure timings; and

(iv) nitrogen-gas flow control.

214 Amongst these broad categories of information, I accepted that the details
of the unmodified Dual Spinner in Clearlab (_ie_ , category (a)) and the
measurements taken of Clearlab’s casts (_ie_ , category (b)) were protectable
as confidential information.

(A) Ting’s instructions

215 The instructions given by Ting (_ie_ , category (c)), however, appeared to
be too broad to be capable of being protected as confidential information. In
_De Maudsley v Palumbo and others_ [1996] FSR 447 (“ _De Maudsley_ ”), an idea
for a dance club was held not to be protectable because its five composite
elements were, individually or combined, far too vague and/or unoriginal to
constitute confidential information. For ease of comparison, the unprotectable
elements in _De Maudsley_ are (a) the club would operate all night long, (b)
the decor would be of “high tech industrial” warehouse style, (c) there would
be separate areas for dancing, resting and socialising as well as a VIP
lounge, (d) the acoustic design for the enclosed dance area would prevent
sound, light and atmosphere to leak beyond the area, and (e) top disc jockeys
would appear at the club. I found that there was a similar level of generality
about Ting’s instructions to Ma that was fatal to a claim to their
confidentiality.

(B) Unmodified Dual Spinner

216 As such, Clearlab’s case rested on the information contained in the Dual
Spinner and the plastic casts (_ie_ , categories (a) and (b)). What Clearlab
must show was some significant fingerprints of copying reflected in certain
details of the Lens Forming Machine that could only have come from the Dual
Spinner or the sample of plastic casts given to Ma. As a preliminary note,
because Clearlab analysed its confidentiality claim first in terms of the
similarities between the Dual Spinner and the Quad Spinner, and then in terms
of the similarities between the Quad Spinner and the Lens Forming Machine, it
was difficult to reconcile which elements of the Dual Spinner was
confidential, divulged on trust to OSC to be used for the restricted purpose
of designing and building the Quad Spinner and used in breach of confidence to
make the Lens Forming Machines in Aquilus.

217 Nevertheless, from Clearlab’s submissions, there seemed to be three main
aspects of or relating to the Dual Spinner that were said to be copied over to
the Lens Forming Machines:

(a) Design improvements informed by the problems encountered with the Dual
Spinner (such as the removal of quartz tubes because of the occurrence of
breakage, the replacement of individual bearing housing with a single bearing
plate to overcome re-alignment difficulties, and the usage of a belt-driven
system instead of gears because gears experience more wear and tear).

(b) Careful selection of individual components and how they collectively form
a workable machine. The emphasis is placed on the combination of all the
individual components that form the design.

(c) Dimensions and specifications of the individual components.

218 As far as (a) is concerned, it seemed to be an alternative way of
presenting the argument that the features in Ma’s design were confidential to
Clearlab. This argument did not go far because of the finding of fact made
earlier, which was that Clearlab and OSC each retained its own confidential
information. Therefore, Clearlab was precluded from claiming a breach of
confidence based on the information generated by Ma.

219 As to (b), the challenge for Clearlab was to show that the combination of
individual components in the unmodified Dual Spinner was used in the Lens
Forming Machine. Ma and Li may not be liable if they had only used some of the
components. This put Clearlab in an unusual position because its pleaded case
was that there were problems with the unmodified Dual Spinner that Ma had
solved by modifying some components. To the extent that Ma’s solutions were
carried over to the Lens Forming Machine, there were necessarily differences
between the two spin-cast machines. This made it difficult for Clearlab to
show that Ma had taken, in substance, the whole.

220 Even absenting these differences flowing from flaws in the unmodified Dual
Spinner, there was scant evidence on how the combination of the components in
the unmodified Dual Spinner was used in the Lens Forming Machine. Ma did admit
to using the Quad Spinner design for the Lens Forming Machine, but that had
little relevance unless it could be shown that the Quad Spinner was largely
identical to the unmodified Dual Spinner in terms of the combination of their
components. There was an opinion from Clearlab’s expert witness that the Quad
Spinner was derived from the Dual Spinner because the form factors (or modular
build-up) and eight interior characteristics of the Dual Spinner and the Quad
Spinner were similar. However, there was some doubt as to this opinion because
it seemed to have ignored features that were dissimilar, such as the increase
in the width of the vertical rods in the Dual Spinner and the Quad Spinner.
Therefore, I was not convinced, on a balance of probabilities, that Ma had
indeed made use of that combination of the components in the unmodified Dual
Spinner for the Lens Form Machine.

221 As to (c), the same issue with evidentiary proof surfaced. Clearlab had
asserted that the specifications and dimensions of the individual components
were confidential and that they were used in the Lens Forming Machine, but
this assertion was not borne out from the evidence. For example, it was
alleged that the inner diameter of the spinning column, which was dictated by
the outer diameter of the mould casts, was copied. However, Ma’s evidence was
that there was a difference in the size of Clearlab’s and Aquilus’ casts, and
therefore a difference in the inner diameters in the spinning columns in the
Quad Spinner and the Lens Forming Machine. For the Quad Spinner, the inner
diameter was said to be 25.4mm because the largest outer diameter of all the
mould casts that Clearlab had given him to measure was 25.385mm. To get 25.4mm
from 25.385mm, Ma explained that he would add an allowable gap of 0.015mm.
This was the space between the mould cast and the wall of the spinning column
when the mould cast was fitted into the spinning column. In contrast, for the
Lens Forming Machine, Ma stated that the inner diameter was 25.35mm because
Aquilus had stipulated that its casts’ outer diameter would be 25.335mm. While
Clearlab disputed that Ma had used the measurement of 25.385mm for Clearlab’s
Quad Spinner (there was some suggestion that the 25.335mm was in fact used
because Wong, Clearlab’s engineering manager, testified that the outer
diameter of Clearlab’s casts was 25.335mm),[note: 98] I was not shown any
evidence that the inner diameter of the Quad Spinner was not 25.4mm but
25.35mm. In the end, Clearlab had not proven that its confidential dimensions
were embodied in the defendants’ Lens Forming Machine or that Ma copied its
dimensions and specifications. There was therefore no breach of confidence
under this head as well.

222 More generally, Clearlab suggested that Ma and Li would not have been able
to make any spin-cast machines if they had not seen Clearlab’s Dual Spinner
because a spin-cast machine was a very specific application with specific
issues. But I was not persuaded by this argument. First, there were patents on
spin-cast machine which showed some features that a spin-cast machine should
have. For example, US Patent No 4,732,714 discloses that there should be a
vertical spin tube to hold the mould casts in a column, a system of bearings,
pulleys and belt that is driven by a motor to spin the tube, as well as the
use of inert gas to remove oxygen and UV light for curing.[note: 99] Second,
Clearlab acknowledged that Ma may have experience in designing machines more
complicated than the Quad Spinner. Third, the defendants’ expert witness
opined that the functionalities of a spin-cast machine drive its design
features, thus an understanding of these functions would lead Ma to the
appropriate design. It was therefore not shown, on a balance of probabilities,
that Ma could not have created a Lens Forming Machine without having seen
Clearlab’s Dual Spinner.

223 All in all, the breach of confidence action mounted against Ma and Li has
failed. It followed that the reliefs sought against Ma and Li, insofar as they
pertained to the confidential information in the Dual Spinner, Quad Spinner
and Lens Forming Machine, would not be granted.

Conspiracy by unlawful means

224 Clearlab had also claimed that all the defendants were engaged in a
conspiracy to breach Clearlab’s rights of confidentiality. There were two
separate allegations made. The thrust of the first allegation was that all the
defendants and/or Toh had combined to steal Clearlab’s confidential
information and use it in Aquilus (“the First Conspiracy Claim”). The thrust
of the second allegation was that Ma, Li and Ting, as well as the firms that
they operated, OSC and Optic, had conspired to sell spin-cast machines to
Aquilus that contained Clearlab’s confidential information (“the Second
Conspiracy Claim”).

The First Conspiracy Claim

225 At its heart, the First Conspiracy Claim was grounded on the coordination
amongst all the defendants to replicate Clearlab’s manufacturing processes in
Aquilus. There was ample evidence supporting the existence of a plan to set up
a competing business using Clearlab’s confidential information, and its
execution by certain defendants. I had no difficulty in holding that the claim
was made out against these defendants. What Clearlab did not satisfy me was
that all of the defendants and Toh were implicated. On the facts before me,
the claim could only be sustained against the ex-employees, Ho and Aquilus.
Nothing turned on the conduct of the sixth to eighth defendants and Toh. There
was no evidence that they were participants in the conspiracy. The reasons are
as follows.

The facts

226 The undisputed facts were that, at the inception of Aquilus, Ho came up
with $200,000 for Aquilus’ start-up capital and had included, as one of
Aquilus’ principal activities, the manufacturing of optic goods. Ho said that
by October 2010 he had decided that Aquilus would manufacture contact lenses.
In December 2010, Aquilus committed to lease 13,000 square feet of factory
space at $15,000 per month for at least two years. This represented a
commitment of $360,000. Further costs, estimated at $2m, were spent on
machinery. In early 2011 Aquilus had started paying rent and placing orders
for machinery even though it did not have a single employee on its payroll
with the technical know how to make contact lens. It should be recalled that
Ting only started working full-time at Aquilus on 3 May 2011, and David, Goh
and Ng started even later on 1 August 2011. This meant that Ho had ventured
into the business of contact lens manufacturing and had committed to a
sizeable investment without any technical ability for it. For months, there
was no one in Aquilus who could actually manufacture the contact lens. This
did not accord with Ho’s testimony that he had planned to recoup his
investment in merely three years by selling a targeted one million contact
lenses per month.[note: 100]

227 The evidence that then emerged pointed to Ho being assured that he had
procured the technical expertise that would enable him to implement his
business plan within a very short time. First, Ho displayed a lackadaisical
attitude towards hiring the “technical people”. His evidence was that, for the
whole of 2010, apart from approaching Ting, he did not look for any other
person. He said that in 2011, he persisted in persuading Ting to join and that
he received a hint from Ting that he would join in March. That was also when
Ting started attending Aquilus meetings even as he was still working in
Clearlab; Ting did not leave Clearlab until April 2011\. Then from March to
May 2011, Ho reverted to passivity and said he did not look for any employees.
Second, when Ho was asked of his contingency plan in the event that the ex-
employees refused to join Aquilus, he initially stated that he could get CIBA
Vision employees to join Aquilus. But he immediately changed his position to
state that he could easily hire the right people for Aquilus:[note: 101]

Q:Besides Mr Ting, you didn’t have a plan B?

A:As I told you, we know CIBA Vision, a lot of people who are there, even
those out -- we can’t get Mr Ting, I still believe we can get people from CIBA
Vision.

Q:So are you telling this court that CIBA Vision would be your plan B?

A:How can CIBA Vision be my plan B?

Q:If you don’t get Mr Ting, who are you going to get? Who is going to run this
engineering plant for you, bearing in mind that neither you nor Mr Santos has
any experience making contact lenses? So if Mr Ting were to say no to you,
what would you do, would you go to CL Tech, would you go to CIBA or what?

A:We would start to look for people.

Q:So you didn’t have a plan about B?

A:No, we have -- I believe it is a matter of you hire people only.

228 It was clear from the evidence that Ho did not have a contingency plan; he
did not need one because he had the assurance that the ex-employees would join
Aquilus. As it turned out, this belief was neither misconstrued nor misplaced
as each of the ex-employees did join Aquilus.

229 I turn to consider the conduct of Ting. It seemed clear to me that his
involvement with Aquilus began even while he was still employed in Clearlab.
Starting from 7 March 2011, the undisputed evidence was that Ting attended
Aquilus meetings and was assigned tasks to carry out, such as giving his input
on the SPRING seed funding proposal,[note: 102] preparing the product
information for packaging,[note: 103] following up on a quotation for six
units of spin-cast machines,[note: 104] obtaining a quotation for air
compressor,[note: 105] obtaining a quotation and samples for PET vacuum form
tray and packaging,[note: 106] assisting in the drafting of the ISO quality
manual,[note: 107] sending across information on CE mark,[note: 108] reverting
with a material list,[note: 109] making revisions[note: 110] and confirming
the radius[note: 111] of the mould base design, providing full support for ISO
certification to Aquilus,[note: 112] and conducting product training for
Aquilus staff.[note: 113] All these were assigned to Ting while he was still
paid a salary by Clearlab, the entity that Aquilus was in direct competition
with. In light of the number of tasks that was assigned to Ting, his strenuous
assertion that he was only attending the meetings as a “visitor” was scarcely
believable. While Ting also denied doing any of the assigned tasks until 19
April 2011,[note: 114] the minutes of meeting painted a different picture.
They showed that his task list was updated at each meeting; certain tasks that
he was assigned earlier did not feature in the minutes of subsequent meetings.
New tasks were assigned to him at various meetings. For example, in the
meeting on 14 March 2011, one of Ting’s task was to await the quotation for
“Spinner (6 units)”.[note: 115] Two weeks later, in the meeting of 28 March
2011, Ting was to revert on the status of the spinner.[note: 116] In addition,
he was given a new task of obtaining a quotation for an air compressor to
compare with a quotation that Aquilus had received.[note: 117] This suggested
that Ting had completed some tasks and that he was entrusted with more to do.
Further, Ting admitted to have helped[note: 118] prepare a seed funding
proposal that was submitted to SPRING Singapore in the first week of March
2011. There was a whole host of evidence showing that, from at least early
March 2011, while still employed by the Clearlab, Ting had a central role in
the establishment of Aquilus.

230 The evidence also showed that Ho had heavily relied on Ting’s expertise
and experience to get production up very quickly. Thus, the SPRING seed
funding proposal[note: 119] which was prepared in March 2011 made claims that
Ting was Aquilus’ technical director, even though he was still employed by
Clearlab. From this evidence, it seems Ting’s position in Aquilus was already
secured at the very latest, by March 2011.

231 As for David, Goh and Ng, sometime in early May, Ting contacted each of
them[note: 120] and secured their consent to work for Aquilus. David signed a
letter of offer from Aquilus on 9 May 2011, and Goh and Ng signed theirs, one
day later, on 10 May 2011.[note: 121] Towards the end of the month, they
resigned from Clearlab; David resigned on 26 May 2011, Goh, on 30 May 2011,
and Ng, on 25 May 2011.

232 A fact that leapt out of the evidence was that, after tendering their
resignation to Clearlab in late May 2011, David and Goh accessed various
documents in Clearlab on topics ranging from SOPs to material specifications.
The nature of such access was that all documents were accessed within seconds
and minutes from one document to the next.[note: 122] Such speed suggested
that they were trawling through Clearlab’s collection of documents rather than
reading those documents. Combined with the evidence of the huge number of
Clearlab’s documents found in Aquilus’ computers and storage devices, the
clear inference was that David and Goh had downloaded those documents for the
benefit of Aquilus.

233 In the case of Ng, confidential documents, such as those relating to the
production output of Clearlab’s daily lenses, were emailed by him to his
personal email account.[note: 123] These emails were mostly sent after the
date of his resignation from Clearlab. Further, Ng admitted to doing
“housekeeping” of his Clearlab emails before leaving Clearlab, which involved
and forwarding those that appeared useful to his personal email account.[note:
124]

234 It was clear from the evidence that David, Goh and Ng had intended to take
and did take the pertinent confidential information out of Clearlab before
their two-month notice period ended. They had collected such documents from
Clearlab as they had felt could be needed for the various processes, such as
validation and design. As for Ting, his employment at Clearlab was terminated
on 26 April 2011 and so he relied on David to send him the necessary
information. From 27 May 2011 to 1 July 2011, Ting directed David to send him
specific documents, and David complied.[note: 125] The combined efforts of the
ex-employees culminated in the passing of a substantial number of Clearlab’s
documents to Aquilus. These include the full suite of Clearlab’s lens
formulations,[note: 126] and the parameter settings for the Optoform 80
machine.[note: 127]

235 On 17 October 2011, the first day of the search, what was clear was that
Ho and the ex-employees had quickly deleted documents. Ho, in a span of
minutes, deleted some 13,000 documents from Aquilus’ server.[note: 128] Ting
and David deleted Clearlab’s documents from their Aquilus desktops.[note: 129]
David even got his wife to delete documents in his home desktop.[note: 130]
Ng, after reaching home that very night, deleted the emails that contained
Clearlab’s documents.[note: 131] I found that Ho and the ex-employees knew
what they did was wrong and were desperately trying to remove evidence of what
they had done. This reinforced the inference that they had earlier planned to
take and succeeded in taking confidential documents out of Clearlab.

The applicable law

236 The elements required to establish a conspiracy by unlawful means are set
out in _EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd
and another_ [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“ _EFT Holdings_ ”) at [112]:

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

All the elements were established with respect to Ting, David, Goh, Ng, Ho and
Aquilus

237 As shown in [226]–[235] above, element (a) was borne out in that Ho and
the ex-employees had agreed to act in concert to take Clearlab’s confidential
information for the benefit of Aquilus.

238 The evidence also showed that the acts were performed in furtherance of
that agreement, satisfying element (d).

239 Insofar Aquilus had acted through Ho and the ex-employees, it must also be
liable as a co-conspirator. The acts that Ho and the ex-employees had taken
were done on its behalf or in its interests. These acts, along with the
knowledge of the ongoing conspiracy, may be attributed to Aquilus.

240 Having found elements (a) and (d), I turn to analyse elements (b), (c),
and (e).

241 I also found that element (b) had been established by the evidence which
showed that the conspirators had intended to injure Clearlab. By taking
Clearlab’s confidential information and using them in Aquilus to set up a
competing contact lens manufacturing business that directly competed with
Clearlab in the same market, the conspirators had intended to injure Clearlab
by causing a loss of its profit. In _Chew Kong Huat and others v Ricwil
(Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1167 the Court of Appeal found at [35]
that damage to the plaintiff was a necessary corollary of the profit accruing
to the defendant, a direct competitor. In that case, the court had no
difficulty finding that there was an intention to injure the plaintiff in
those circumstances.

242 As for element (c), one of the means employed by the ex-employees, Ho and
Aquilus was breach of confidence. While the scope of “unlawful means” for the
purposes of conspiracy by unlawful means is yet to be settled (see the remarks
of the Court of Appeal in _EFT Holdings_ at [91]–[93]), in _Faccenda Chicken
(Ch)_ at 602, Goulding J accepted that a breach of confidence could form the
requisite unlawful means for establishing a conspiracy by unlawful means. This
is implicit from the way Goulding J proceeded to determine whether the claim
of conspiracy can be made out by analysing if the wrongful act (_ie_ , the
abuse of confidential information) by itself was actionable or if there was a
sole or predominant purpose to injure the plaintiff.

243 As for the last element, (e), Clearlab submitted that it suffered loss as
a result of the defendants’ wrongful combination, and that its losses were the
significant legal and professional fees that Clearlab had to incur in
prosecuting this action and the management time that has been diverted away
from its business. While it is not clear that all of the above losses are the
kinds of loss relevant to the tort of conspiracy by unlawful means, based on
the relevant legal authorities before me, I accept at least that the loss
required in element (e) has a broad scope. It can consist of the expense in
unravelling and detecting the unlawful machinations of the defendants
(_British Motor Trade Association v Salvadori_ _and others_ [1949] Ch 556 at
569) or the cost of managerial and staff time spent in investigating, or
mitigating the consequences of, the conspiracy (_Lonrho Plc and others v Fayed
and others_ _(No 5)_ [1993] 1 WLR 1489 at 1497. In this connection, I observed
that Clearlab had expended money to have IT forensic experts uncover what the
confidential documents that the ex-employees had taken were, and significant
time and effort had been expended to analyse what of its information had been
illegitimately used in Aquilus. These flowed from the conspiracy and may
constitute the damages required in element (e).

244 In light of the above, I concluded that the ex-employees, Ho and Aquilus
joined in a conspiracy to injure Clearlab by unlawful means. They all had the
same objective of taking and using confidential information belonging to
Clearlab for the benefit of Aquilus. In carrying out those acts, they had
committed a breach of confidence and caused injury to Clearlab. Accordingly,
their liability under this tort is complete.

Central Global, Ma, Li and Toh were not involved

245 In contrast, there was no evidence that the sixth to eighth defendants and
Toh were associated in the combination. According to Clearlab, each of them
had specifically brought Clearlab’s confidential information to Aquilus. Their
individual roles were highlighted to me. The sixth defendant, Central Global,
was in charge of collecting the layout of Clearlab’s premises, which it had
access to when it performed the 49 cases of remodelling and repair works for
Clearlab. The seventh and eight defendants, Ma and Li, were tasked with
supplying Aquilus with Quad Spinners. Finally, Toh was responsible for
supplying Aquilus with a mould base that bore the same features as Clearlab’s.

246 But there was insufficient evidence that their acts were a step in the
execution of the common wrongful purpose. The essence of conspiracy is a
combination (_ie_ , element (a)); if it cannot be shown that a defendant had
an intention to join the conspiracy or was a party to the combination, then
that is fatal to the allegation of conspiracy.

247 In relation to the claim against Central Global, Clearlab submitted that
Central Global was Ho’s corporate vehicle. However, it could not be inferred
that a company is participating in a conspiracy simply because it is related
to another defendant who is party to the conspiracy. The inclusion of Central
Global as a co-conspirator was therefore without merit. In relation to the
claim against Ma and Li, Clearlab submitted that there was a financial
arrangement in place amongst Ting, Ma and Li such that Ting would somehow
benefit from the profits of OSC and Optic. But, crucially, Clearlab did not
furnish any evidence to show that Ma and Li were aware of a plan to take
confidential information out of Clearlab for the benefit of Aquilus. While I
accept that a conspirator need not be aware of all the details of a
conspiracy, I would think that the conspirator must at least know of its
general nature and has agreed to it by taking action in pursuit of it. In
fact, Ma and Li seemed to be ignorant of the plan, which meant that it was
impossible that they have agreed to it. Further, the allegation that there was
a financial arrangement amongst Ting, Ma and Li involved a great conjectural
leap and was not bridged by cogent evidence. The same allegation was made and
elaborated in the Second Conspiracy Claim; as such, I have given my reasons
for rejecting it at [255] below.

248 To summarise, the existence of any combination cannot be inferred from the
objective facts and the claim of conspiracy against the sixth to eighth
defendants and Toh must fail.

The Second Conspiracy Claim

249 The Second Conspiracy Claim can be dismissed for the simple reason that I
have earlier held that there was no breach of confidence in Ma’s and Li’s
supply of the Lens Forming Machine to Aquilus. As it was not shown that there
was any element of unlawfulness involved in this claim of conspiracy by
unlawful means, the claim necessarily fails.

250 Nevertheless, I will consider, briefly, Clearlab’s arguments. There were
two main pegs on which the allegation of the Second Conspiracy Claim was hung.

251 First, it was contended that Ma and Li set up Optic as a smokescreen to
conceal that they had sold what was essentially the same Quad Spinner to
Aquilus. It should be recalled that the Quad Spinner was sold to Clearlab
under the banner of OSC, and that Optic was only set up later to supply Lens
Forming Machines to Aquilus. Clearlab emphasised that Optic was not treated
separately from OSC because:

(a) The accounts of Optic and OSC were commingled: not only was the starting
balance of $500 in Optic’s account transferred from OSC’s account,[note: 132]
$60,000 was also taken from Optic’s account to reimburse Li for the top-
up[note: 133] that she made to OSC’s account (so that OSC can refund to
Clearlab for the cancelled order for a cartoning machine).

(b) The email address used by Li to send Optic’s quotations to Aquilus was her
OSC email address.[note: 134]

(c) Most importantly, it was the same person, Ma, who designed the spin-cast
machines for Clearlab (in OSC’s name) and for Aquilus (in Optic’s name).

252 However, I was unable to infer from the setting up of Optic that Ma and Li
combined with Ting for some wrongful purpose. No one disputed that Optic was
set up so that Ma and Li could distance themselves from OSC when supplying to
Aquilus. As mentioned at [58], Li frankly stated that she recognised that
Clearlab would terminate their relationship if it learnt that OSC was
supplying machines to Aquilus, a competitor, because she herself had
previously stopped working with a vendor who did work for her
competitor.[note: 135] In other words, Li’s evidence was that Optic was a
front to show to Clearlab that OSC was not supplying to its competitor in
order to retain Clearlab as a customer. I accepted her evidence in this
regard. I found that it cohered with her conduct of setting up Optic to give
an outward appearance of two separate firms, but not bothering to maintain
separate accounts, email addresses or different teams of engineers to work on
the machines. As such, I did not see how the mere existence of Optic showed
that Ma, Li and Ting were in a combination.

253 I now turn to Clearlab’s second contention, which was that Ting was given
OSC’s and Optic’s bank account statements because he had a financial interest
in OSC and Optic, and his furtive conduct in discarding the bank account
statements in the night of execution of the search order served to strengthen
the inference about his financial interest in OSC and Optic. Once again, the
critical issue was whether the evidence about Ting’s possession and subsequent
disposal of OSC's and Optic's bank account statements showed that Ma, Li and
Ting were in a combination.

254 On one hand, Ma, Li and Ting sought to explain that the bank statements
were merely used to negotiate the price that Aquilus would pay for the
Integrated Primary Packaging Machine (“IPPM”). On the other hand, Clearlab
challenged this explanation as being riddled with inconsistencies. The main
inconsistencies alleged were:

(a) In his AEIC, Ting said that it was Ma[note: 136] who provided him with the
bank statements, but on cross-examination, Ting changed his tune and said it
was Li[note: 137] who gave him the statements.

(b) Ting explained that Li wanted to show their “cash flow tightness”[note:
138] but:

(i) this was not borne out from the bank statements because the bank
statements showed a positive balance every month, and in the month of April
2011, the average balance even exceeded $63,000;[note: 139] and

(ii) this was a new explanation Ting offered on the stand: the explanation
given by Ting in his AEIC was simply that losses were suffered as a result of
Clearlab’s cancellation of its order for the cartoning machine and the bank
statements were used to prove the operating costs and the amounts that were
spent buying materials to make the cartoning machine.

(c) Ting’s further explanation that the bank statements were used to show that
Li had not overcharged Aquilus in the past[note: 140] was also not in his AEIC
and did not make sense because:

(i) the bank statements did not show if a particular machine was overpriced;
and

(ii) the more logical thing for Li to do was to show Ting the invoices from
the vendors or a costing statement for each machine, such as the one that Li
came up with for the Quad Spinner.[note: 141]

(d) Li’s explanation that she did not show Ting the invoices because she did
not want to let him know who her suppliers were was contradicted by her own
handwritten notes on the bank statements which listed at least one of her
suppliers (_eg_ , in the 27 December 2010 entry, “Misumi” was recorded as
having supplied “17 sets [of] timing pulley”).[note: 142]

(e) Li initially gave a different reason for providing the bank statements to
Ting in her AEIC:[note: 143] she stated that the bank statements were to
demonstrate that OSC did not have sufficient funds to refund the sum of
$60,000 to Clearlab in respect of the cancelled order for the cartoning
machine. This, however, would have been inconsistent with Ting’s testimony
that the actual provision of the bank statements was in early September
2011[note: 144] because OSC had already made the refund in March 2011.[note:
145] If not for the amendment of Li’s AEIC to state that the Ma and Li only
“offered” to provide the bank statements at that time, there would have been a
discrepancy in the accounts given by Ting and Li.

255 In light of the above, I accepted that serious doubt was cast on Ma’s,
Li’s and Ting’s explanation that Ting possessed the bank statements solely for
negotiating and discussing the price of the IPPM. Having said that, it did not
necessarily lead to the conclusion that Ting had a financial interest in OSC
and Optic, and therefore Ma and Li were involved in a conspiracy with him.
Because even assuming that their explanation was false, it did not mean that
there was a conspiracy. There was a significant gap between Ting’s possession
of the bank statements and the further inference that he had a combination
with Ma and Li which involved a financial arrangement amongst the three of
them. While Ting had financially benefited OSC and Optic in some ways (_eg_ ,
Ting had given OSC the job to construct the Quad Spinner and also referred Ho
to Ma for the job to construct the Lens Forming Machines), he had also taken
certain actions which were financially detrimental to OSC. I refer to Ting’s
urging of Ma and Li to forgo the upfront payment of the cartoning machine when
the order was cancelled. When Clearlab first notified Ma that it wished to
cancel the order for the cartoning machine, it stated that the cancellation
costs that it was willing to pay OSC were “not more than S$28,000”. Ma replied
that he needed to charge $30,000 to cover his costs. In a surprising turn of
events, the email from Clearlab then stated: “Thank you for your final
decision after Mr Ting approach [_sic_] for the cancellation of this equipment
at no cost.”[note: 146] Clearly, between these last two emails, Ting had
successfully persuaded Ma and Li to accept Clearlab’s cancellation without
asking for recompense, which they would have been entitled to. This did not
seem to me like an act of a person protecting his financial interest.

256 As such, after weighing the evidence before me, I was neither able to find
that Ting had a financial interest in OSC and Optic, nor a combination amongst
Ting, Ma and Li. The Second Conspiracy Claim correspondingly failed.

Breach of employment contract

257 The conduct of the ex-employees was also the subject of a series of claims
for breach of employment contract. Ting was alleged to have breached clauses
prohibiting him from soliciting Clearlab’s employees and customers as well as
a clause to serve Clearlab exclusively during the course of his employment. In
addition, all the ex-employees were alleged to have breached: (a) a non-
compete clause, (b) a “Return of Materials” clause, and (c) a duty of good
faith and fidelity. As most of these clauses were drafted plainly and
unambiguously, the issue of breach involved more or less a straightforward
factual inquiry.

Clauses that Ting alone is alleged to have breached

Non-solicitation of employee clause

258 Clause 2(c) of Appendix A of the employment contract provided that Ting,
for a period of time after the termination of his employment, was not to:

… directly or indirectly, employ, attempt to employ, negotiate, arrange the
employment or engagement of any person, or solicit, induce or influence (or
seek to induce or influence) any person to terminate or alter his/her
employment or consultant relationship with [Clearlab] , where such person is
one whom, to his/her knowledge, is employed or engaged as a key Employee.

259 There were two points in this clause that needed to be clarified. The
first was the period of restraint. In Ting’s original employment contract, the
period of restraint was stated to be six months. Sometime after Ting signed
the employment contract, Clearlab’s Head of Human Resource, Low Bee Hee
(“Low”), informed Ting that there was a management decision to change the
period from six months to two years. The hard copy of Ting’s employment
contract was therefore amended by hand on 14 October 2008, and Ting and Low
countersigned against the amendment. In the present proceedings, the
defendants emphasised in their pleaded defence that the amendment was done at
the insistence of Clearlab. I recognised that this flagged a potential issue
of whether the amendment was valid. But the issue did not arise, at least in
respect of this alleged breach. The alleged acts of soliciting took place
within one month of Ting’s dismissal from Clearlab. As such, be the period of
restraint six months or two years, if the allegations were proven true, Ting
would have breached this clause.

260 The second was the definition of a “Key Employee”. In cl 7(c) of Appendix
A of the employment contract, the meaning of “Key Employee” was stated to be:

… any employee of [Clearlab] who is or was (in the Period) employed to the
knowledge of the Employees at management grade or in a senior capacity or in a
capacity in which he/she has access to or obtained Confidential Information
and in respect of whom the Employee exercise control or had managerial
responsibility.

The crucial words were: “in respect of whom the Employee exercise control or
had managerial responsibility”. The “Employee” is defined as Ting in the
preamble to the employment contract. The only question therefore was whether
David, Goh and Ng were under the control or management of Ting. I found that
this must be the case. As the Head of Engineering and Technology Development,
Ting had purview over the work that David, Goh and Ng undertook in Clearlab.
It followed that David, Goh and Ng were “Key Employees” for the purposes of cl
2(c) of Appendix A.

261 Turning now to the evidence, it was clear that Ting solicited David, Goh
and Ng to join Aquilus. David, Goh and Ng individually confirmed that Ting had
offered them a job at Aquilus in May 2011,[note: 147] which led to their
signing of Aquilus’ letter of offer on either 9 or 10 May 2011.[note: 148]
Their evidence was not challenged by Ting. Accordingly, I found that Ting
breached this clause.

Non-solicitation of customer clause

262 The next clause, cl 2(d)(i) of Appendix A of the employment contract,
provided that Ting was not to:

canvass, call on to solicit any business from, seek to procure from any
Customer within the Restricted Area and in respect of any Restricted Goods or
Restricted Services, if the Employee has canvassed, called on or solicited
business from or procured and accepted orders from or had any dealings or
active involvement with that Customer during the Period …

The sole piece of evidence adduced by Clearlab to show that Ting solicited one
of its customers was an email sent by Loh Tang Meng (allegedly from Kwang Meng
Co Pte Ltd, one of Clearlab’s customers in China) to Dr Park saying that “Ting
did give a call to our company informing that he is not with Clearlab and ask
[_sic_] for possible business opportunity”.[note: 149] The contents of the
email, however, were inadmissible because Loh Tang Meng was not produced as a
witness, and therefore the contents of the email were hearsay evidence. As
there was no further evidence to show that Ting solicited a customer of
Clearlab’s, the claim that cl 2(d)(i) of Appendix A was breached had to be
dismissed.

Exclusive service clause

263 Clause 11.1 of the employment contract provided simply that Ting shall not
work for any other person during his employment at Clearlab. The words were:

The Employee shall not at any time during his/her employment hereunder except
with the written consent of [Clearlab], engage, be concerned or interested in
any other business, undertaking, activity, trade or profession or occupation
whatsoever other than that of [Clearlab].

Clearlab submitted that Ting had breached cl 11.1 by attending meetings at
Aquilus while he was still employed by Clearlab. Ting’s attendance at these
meetings began as early as 7 March 2011, and continued after the termination
of his employment at Clearlab on 26 April 2011. Earlier, I have also held at
[229] that Ting was not merely attending the meetings as an observer; he was
also doing work for Aquilus. In these circumstances, it was undoubtedly the
case that Ting breached cl 11.1.

Clauses that all the ex-employees are alleged to have breached

Non-compete clause

264 Clause 2(a) of Appendix A of the employment contract stipulated that the
ex-employees shall not for either six months or two years after the
termination or expiration of their employment with Clearlab “carry on or be
concerned, engaged, or interested in any part of trade or business which
involves the manufacture, design, distribution, sale, supply or other dealings
with the Restricted Goods” in any capacity in competition with Clearlab. For
David and Ng, the period of restraint was two years. For Goh, it was six
months. And for Ting, as mentioned earlier, it was either two years or six
months. All the ex-employees commenced full-time work in Aquilus less than a
month after leaving Clearlab. They had all breached the non-compete clause.

“Return of Materials” clause

265 Clause 3 of Appendix A of the employment contract required the ex-
employees to return all property belonging to Clearlab and not to remove or
destroy materials containing “Proprietary Information”. The clause, in full,
stated:

The Employee agrees that, upon the termination or expiration of the
Employment, he/she shall immediately return to the Company all property in
his/her possession, use or control, including all originals and any and all
copies of any files, documents, computer disks, works and other materials
containing any Proprietary Information or any Proprietary Information of any
third party. The Employee shall not remove, or cause or permit the removal,
from the Company’s facilities, or carry out any unauthorized destruction of,
any originals or copies of any files, documents, works and other materials
containing any Proprietary Information or any proprietary information of any
third party.

266 The term “Proprietary Information” was undefined in the employment
contract. But given that the clause unreservedly sought the return of all
property that Clearlab regarded to be its own, it would appear to encompass
Clearlab’s confidential information. Thus, read as a whole, I found that the
clause prohibited the ex-employees from keeping, removing, destroying any
material which contained its own or a third party’s confidential information.

267 The most obvious breach of this clause was the amassing of Clearlab’s
confidential documents by the ex-employees for use in Aquilus. As was evident
from the discussion on breach of confidence by the first to fifth and ninth
defendants, each of the ex-employees had a hand in taking the relevant
confidential documents from Clearlab and keeping them within reach while they
were working in Aquilus. In particular:

(a) Ting admitted, at one point, that he did not return “[s]ome, not
many”[note: 150] documents and, at a later point, that he had retained “one
Clearlab file [which] is the quality plan file”.[note: 151]

(b) David admitted that he took 1,500 documents from Clearlab. Although David
asserted that many of these documents could be found in the public
domain,[note: 152] I found that there were at least some, amongst the 1,500,
which were confidential to Clearlab and retained by David for the purpose of
being used in Aquilus.

(c) Goh agreed that the four insert blank drawings found in Nancy Looi’s hard
disk were the same as the ones he requested from Clearlab’s document control
department.[note: 153] This raised an inference that Goh had taken these
drawings and uploaded them into the hard disk.

(d) Ng admitted that he emailed to himself:

(i) production yield reports;

(ii) quality non-conformance reports;

(iii) HSA preparation of validation master plan;

(iv) insert dimension data for Clearlab’s daily lenses;

(v) insert development data for Clearlab’s daily lenses; and

(vi) insert drawings for Clearlab’s daily lenses

and that these documents were deleted after the execution of the search
order.[note: 154]

268 In light of the above, it was clear to me that each of the ex-employees
breached the “Return of Materials” clause. If there was any lingering doubt
that the ex-employees breached their contract in failing to return
confidential documents to Clearlab, it was put to rest by: (a) the fact that
at least 299 Clearlab’s documents made their way into Nancy Looi’s hard
disk,[note: 155] which could not have been obtained by anyone other than the
ex-employees, and (b) the decision of Ting, David and Ho to delete documents
in the midst of the execution of the search order, as that palpably suggested
that Clearlab’s documents were being kept by the ex-employees as at the date
of the search order.

Duty of good faith and fidelity

269 Lastly, Clearlab submitted that the ex-employees breached a duty of good
faith and fidelity. This was said to consist of an implied duty of fidelity as
well as the express duties listed under cl 3.3 of the employment contract. It
was essential to note that the duty of good faith and fidelity, whether as an
implied term or expressly enshrined in cl 3.3, concerned the employee’s
conduct _vis-à-vis_ the employer during the course of employment. Thus, only
the particulars which relate to the ex-employee’s conduct during their
employment with Clearlab were relevant. I found that they involved two main
types of conduct: (a) the acts of the ex-employees in taking confidential
information from their ex-employer, Clearlab, with the intention to use it for
their new employer, Aquilus, and (b) Ting’s attendance at Aquilus’ meetings
whilst employed by Clearlab.

270 In relation to (a), since _Robb v Green_ [1895] 2 QB 315 (“ _Robb v Green_
”), it is well-settled that the taking of an employer’s confidential
information for one’s own benefit and to the detriment of the employer is a
breach of good faith. Just as the defendant in _Robb v Green_ was in breach
for copying names and addresses of customers from the plaintiff’s order-book
in order to contact them and induce them to transfer their custom to him after
his employment with the plaintiff ceased, the ex-employees in the present case
were clearly in breach by taking confidential information from Clearlab in
order to set up a competing business in Aquilus. The only difference between
the two cases is that the court in _Robb v Green_ had to resort to an implied
term, whereas in the present case, there is no need to because cl 3.3(c) of
the employment contract sets out the specific duty that was breached. Clause
3.3(c) provided that the ex-employees were “not to do and to exercise all
reasonable endeavours to prevent there being done everything which may be
prejudicial or detrimental to [Clearlab] or any Group Company”. That was
undoubtedly breached by the ex-employees in taking Clearlab’s confidential
information with an intention of using it in Aquilus.

271 In relation to (b), there was an obvious failure by Ting “to devote the
whole of his/her time, attention and abilities and the full benefit of his/her
knowledge, expertise and skills in the proper performance of his/her duties”
in accordance with cl 3.3(f) of the employment contract. For almost two months
before the abrupt termination of his employment, Ting was splitting his time
between Clearlab and Aquilus. The evidence was clear that Ting breached cl
3.3(f).

Breach of fiduciary duty

272 Aside from the contractual obligations, Clearlab submitted that a
fiduciary relationship arose in the context of Ting’s employment in Clearlab,
and therefore he also owed fiduciary obligations to Clearlab. I pause here to
make a brief observation about the imposition of an additional fiduciary duty
on an employee, which is that it is the exception rather than the norm. For
the court to regard that an employee is also a fiduciary, the employee has to
be placed in a position where he must act solely in the interests of his
employer: _University of Nottingham v Fishel and another_ [2000] ICR 1462 at
1493E. The mere fact of an employment relationship is not sufficient to
support the existence of a fiduciary relationship. Rather, it must be shown
that there are particular functions of the employee, which requires him to
pursue the interests of his employer to the exclusion of other interests,
including his own: _Lonmar Global Risks Limited (Formerly SBJ Global Risks
Limited) v Barrie West and others_ [2010] EWHC 2878 (QB) at [152]. Until then,
it may not be said that there are fiduciary obligations imposed upon the
employer as a matter of equity in addition to the obligations that the
employee already owes as a matter of contract.

273 The starting point therefore is the employment contract. It has to be
shown that the employee in question is put in a situation where he is obliged
to act solely for the benefit of his employer. But that is not the end of the
story. Once a fiduciary relationship is found on the facts, there is further
inquiry on whether it is engaged on the matters relied on by the plaintiff.
There is no wholesale importation of every kind of fiduciary duty into each
case, as that disregards what exactly it is about the particular employee’s
situation that makes him a fiduciary. Even if the facts do bear a fiduciary
relationship, it must be examined, in the particular circumstances, what are
the fiduciary duties that arise. In this connection, the employment contract
is of central importance. The scope and the content of the fiduciary duties
that may arise from the employment must be accommodated within the terms of
the employment contract and must not alter its intended operation: _Hospital
Products Limited v United States Surgical Corporation and others_ (1984) 156
CLR 41 at 97.

274 Relatedly, care must be taken to delineate between contractual obligations
and fiduciary obligations. Though both curtail what an employee may do, the
latter is far more onerous. To quote Lord Wilberforce in _New Zealand
Netherlands Society “Oranje” Incorporated v Laurentius Cornelis Kuys and
another_ [1973] 1 WLR 1126 at 1130: “A person … may be in a fiduciary position
_quoad_ a part of his activities and not _quoad_ other parts: each
transaction, or group of transactions, must be looked at.” It is the improper
usage of one’s position as a fiduciary to act contrary to the interests of
one’s employer, and not just disloyalty or dishonesty in general by the
employee, that constitutes breach of a fiduciary duty.

275 A rough and ready guide to whether or not the imposition of a fiduciary
obligation would be appropriate are the three characteristics identified by
Wilson J (dissenting) in _Richard Hugh Frame v Eleanor Margaret Smith and
another_ [1987] 2 SCR 99 at [60] which were cited with approval by the Court
of Appeal in _Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 737 at
[41]:

(1) The fiduciary has scope for the exercise of some discretion or power.

(2) The fiduciary can unilaterally exercise that power or discretion so as to
affect the beneficiary’s legal or practical interests.

(3) The beneficiary is peculiarly vulnerable to or at the mercy of the
fiduciary holding the discretion or power.

At the end, the foundation for fiduciary obligation is the parties’
relationship. Factors such as ascendancy, vulnerability, and dependence which
characterise the relationship will be important in deciding if one party does
owe specific obligations to solely act in another’s interest at all times.

276 With these principles in mind, I turn now to the parties’ submissions. The
argument that Clearlab ran was that Ting was a fiduciary by reason of: (a) his
seniority in Clearlab, (b) his exposure to highly confidential information,
(c) his involvement in top secret R&D projects, and (d) his power to hire and
fire employees in the department he headed. Further, Ting was described as
being third in command at Clearlab, _ie_ , second only to Dr Park and Mrs
Park.[note: 156] In contrast, the defendants argued that no one, other than Dr
Park and Mrs Park, could possibly owe fiduciary duties. The defendants pointed
out that Clearlab was entirely owned, managed and controlled by Dr Park and
Mrs Park, and all other managers were subordinate to them. However senior
Ting’s position was, they argued, he could not be considered to be in the top
rung of management because it comprised only Dr Park and Mrs Park.

277 The evidence showed that Ting had considerable autonomy in a number of
aspects in his job at Clearlab. While he was the subordinate of Dr Park and
Mrs Park, he had the power to make certain decisions for Clearlab, such as
whom to hire or fire, which put him in a position to act for his own
interests, at the expense of Clearlab’s interests. Therefore, I am of the view
that there was a fiduciary relationship between Ting and Clearlab.

278 This, however, did not mean that Ting owed fiduciary duties at large (on
the basis that Clearlab had reposed trust in him on certain matters like
hiring and firing), for there is no such principle in law. The real question
was whether Ting owed specific fiduciary duties in the particular
circumstances that Ting had acted against the interests of Clearlab. It bears
repeating that, even though a fiduciary relationship arose in the context of
Ting’s employment, it did not mean that every kind of fiduciary duty was
imposed on him. Whether a fiduciary duty, and if so, what fiduciary duty, was
created depended on the particular circumstances, namely Ting’s employment
relationship with Clearlab. The fact that there existed a fiduciary
relationship also did not automatically transmute Ting’s contractual
obligations into fiduciary ones.

279 Thus, to succeed in the claim for breach of fiduciary duty, Clearlab must
show that Ting was under specific fiduciary duties and they arose because of
the particular circumstances, which obliged Ting to act solely in Clearlab’s
interests.

280 First, it was alleged that Ting breached his fiduciary duties by working
for Aquilus when employed by Clearlab. For example, Ting assisted Aquilus to
draw up a funding proposal to SPRING Singapore and gave technical input on
what equipment to buy and who to buy from. This had been held to be in breach
of Ting’s contractual obligations to Clearlab, _viz_ , cll 3.3(f) and 11.1 of
the employment contract. But I did not find that it was concurrently an abuse
by Ting in his position as a fiduciary to Clearlab. Crucially, none of the
three characteristics cited at [275] arose in the situation where an employee
moonlighted on company’s time for a competitor company. I found that it was a
situation where the employee had failed his duty of good faith and fidelity
owed to his employer. But that duty should not be elevated into a fiduciary
duty.

281 Second, it was alleged that Ting breached his fiduciary duties by failing
to inform Clearlab of the existence of a competitor, Aquilus. But Ting was not
even under a contractual obligation to disclose the existence of a competitor,
much less a fiduciary one. It would be a better argument to say that Ting was
under a fiduciary duty to disclose the existence of the competitor that he
wrongfully assisted by using Clearlab’s confidential information. That
overlapped with the third allegation, and hence this will be dealt with below.

282 The third allegation was that Ting breached a fiduciary duty not to
exploit any opportunity or confidential information. The nub of Ting’s
wrongdoing was that he misappropriated Clearlab’s confidential information for
use at Aquilus. Crucially, Ting had come by Clearlab’s confidential
information in his position as the Head of Engineering and Technology
Development in Clearlab. Further, Ting was entrusted with managerial
responsibilities to apply the confidential information for Clearlab’s benefit.
For example, his role at Clearlab involved overseeing the R&D activities in
respect of Clearlab’s products and machine development, and supervising the
engineering and insert development. He would obviously have access to
Clearlab’s confidential information in order to perform his role. There was
therefore an element of vulnerability as Clearlab depended on Ting to use its
confidential information only for its benefit and not use it for a third
party. In these circumstances, I agreed that Ting owed a fiduciary obligation
not to exploit Clearlab’s confidential information made available to him by
reason of his position in Clearlab. It was breached when Ting took advantage
of his position in Clearlab to further Aquilus’ interest, _ie_ , by copying
and retaining Clearlab’s confidential documents with the intention of
benefiting Aquilus, as well as omitting to disclose such wrongdoing or the
existence of Aquilus as the beneficiary of such wrongdoing. These acts and
omissions formed a line of conduct whereby Ting placed Aquilus’ interest above
Clearlab’s. Accordingly, Ting was in a breach of his fiduciary duty in this
regard.

Secondary wrongdoing

283 The following three causes of action, which are (a) tort of inducing a
breach of contract, (b) dishonest assistance, and (c) knowing receipt, have
been labelled “secondary” because liability depended on there being committed
a primary actionable wrong. The primary actionable wrongs so relied on are:
(a) breach of Ting’s employment contract, (b) breach of Ting’s fiduciary duty,
and (c) breach of trust by the ex-employees. The main question here was
whether Aquilus or the other defendants alleged to be secondary wrongdoers
have such degree of participation in the wrongful act of the primary wrongdoer
which would make them also liable for the wrong. I will now deal with each
secondary wrongdoing in the order they have been mentioned.

Tort of inducing a breach of contract

284 For the tort of inducing a breach of contract, Clearlab alleged that
Aquilus, through Ho, induced Ting to act in breach of his employment contract
with Clearlab. The resulting breaches, as found earlier, were of cll 3.3(c),
3.3(f), and 11.1 of the main body of the employment contract as well as cll
2(a), 2(c) and 3 of Appendix A of the employment contract.

285 The elements of the tort consist of knowledge of the existence of the
contract, an intention to procure its breach, inducement, and breach. These
elements are described in the following terms by Jenkins LJ in _D_ _C Thomson
& Co Ld v Deakin and others_ [1952] 1 Ch 646 at 697:

… first, that the person charged … knew of the existence of the contract and
intended to procure its breach; secondly, that the person so charged did
definitely and unequivocally persuade, induce or procure the employees
concerned to break their contracts of employment with the intent I have
mentioned; thirdly, that the employees so persuaded, induced or procured did
in fact break their contracts of employment; and, fourthly, that breach of the
contract forming the alleged subject of interference ensued as a necessary
consequence …

286 I begin with an analysis of the element of inducement, for that appears to
be absent from the present case.

287 It should be fairly obvious that a plaintiff alleging the tort of inducing
a breach of contract should identify the inducement and show that the
defendant did in fact induce that breach. In _Lumley v Gye_ (1853) 118 ER 749,
Johanna Wagner, an opera singer, was induced to break her contract to perform
exclusively at the plaintiff’s theatre by the higher fee that the defendant
offered her to perform instead at the defendant’s theatre. In _Bents Brewery
Co Ltd and others v Luke Hogan_ [1945] 2 All ER 570, the managers of the
plaintiff’s public houses were induced to break their contractual obligation
not to disclose confidential information by the defendant trade union
officer’s distribution of questionnaires. In each case, the act taken by the
defendant to induce a breach is identified, and a causative link is drawn
between that and the eventual breach by the contract-breaker.

288 Drawing back to the facts, there was some confusion over what had
allegedly induced Ting to breach his contract (and therefore, also whether
Ting was in fact induced to breach his contract). From what I understand from
Clearlab’s case, there were two versions of events. One version was that Ho
incorporated Aquilus in July 2010, came up with the idea of setting up a
business of manufacturing contact lens, and offered Ting 20% shareholding in
Aquilus so as to incentivise Ting to join Aquilus. These shares were held by
Ting’s wife to avoid detection by Clearlab. In this version, the inducement
was the 20% shareholding in Aquilus. The second version was that, prior to and
the latest by the date of the incorporation of Aquilus, Ting had the idea of
setting up a business of manufacturing contact lens. He conspired with the
other defendants (including Ho) to put the idea into motion and, in pursuant
of the conspiracy, caused Aquilus to be incorporated in July 2010.[note: 157]
In this second version, there was no inducement by Aquilus; it was Ting’s
decision to breach his employment contract.

289 The upshot of either version of events was this: (a) Ting received shares
from Aquilus (which were put in his wife’s name), and (b) Ting received a
handsome salary from Aquilus (albeit slightly lower than what he received from
Clearlab[note: 158]).

290 What was not shown was whether Ting’s breaches of his employment contract
transpired because of an inducement by Aquilus (through Ho) or because Ting
had an idea, approached Ho and convinced Ho to act in accordance with his
idea. There was insufficient evidence to conclude whether Ho approached Ting
or Ting approached Ho. Conceivably, there was even a third scenario: Ho and
Ting discussed and simultaneously came up with the idea to do the acts that
were in breach of Ting’s employment contract. There was insufficient evidence
to prove that the first scenario, not the second or the third scenario
occurred. Therefore the claim under this cause of action had to be dismissed.

Dishonest assistance

291 The second claim, which is dishonest assistance, was made in respect of
two types of breaches: (a) a breach of fiduciary duty by Ting, and (b) a
breach of trust by David, Goh and Ng.

Ting’s breach of fiduciary duty

292 To begin, it should be recalled that a number of fiduciary duties were
asserted to be owed by Ting, but all were rejected, except for the fiduciary
duty not to exploit Clearlab’s confidential information acquired by reason of
Ting’s position in Clearlab. It flowed from this conclusion that the claim for
dishonest assistance of Ting’s breach of fiduciary duty was limited to the
breach of this particular fiduciary duty.

293 Within this limited claim, two main forms of dishonest assistance were
alleged. The first related to Ho’s and Aquilus’ assistance of Ting by
promising him a higher salary and shares in Aquilus. The second related to
David’s, Goh’s, Ng’s, Ma’s and Li’s assistance of Ting by complying with his
requests to obtain Clearlab’s confidential information for Aquilus.

(1) Aquilus and Ho

294 As to the first form of dishonest assistance, the relevant facts were
that, in December 2010 or January 2011, Ho offered to pay Ting $1,000 more
than what he was making in Clearlab[note: 159] (which did not materialise
because a lower salary was eventually paid) and, in April 2011, Ho offered
Ting shares in Aquilus.[note: 160]

295 Thus, one plausible argument was that Aquilus and Ho procured Ting’s
breach of fiduciary duty. But one would immediately see the fallacy of this
argument. Because Clearlab relied on the same evidence that was used for
proving the tort of inducing a breach of contract, it was susceptible to the
same evidentiary weakness. As held at [288]–[290] above, the crucial fact of
inducement was not established for the claim of the tort of inducing of a
breach of contract because it was unclear whether Aquilus induced the
contractual breaches or whether Ting independently decided to breach his
contract. Similarly, here, it was unclear whether Aquilus persuaded Ting to
take confidential information for its benefit in breach of his fiduciary duty
or whether Ting, on his own initiative, did the same. It therefore cannot be
said that Aquilus and Ho procured Ting’s breach of fiduciary duty.

296 That said, I note that the test for dishonest assistance allows for a
lesser degree of participation than that for the tort of inducing a breach of
contract. It suffices that the defendant in question assists, as opposed to,
induces the breach of fiduciary duty. The alternative argument therefore was
that the offer of an attractive salary and shares in Aquilus to Ting assisted
him to breach his fiduciary duty.

297 But even then, I could not see how the offer of a higher salary and shares
in Aquilus assisted Ting to misappropriate Clearlab’s confidential information
in breach of his fiduciary duty. There was no evidence that a causal link
could be drawn between one and the other. There is case law to the effect that
the plaintiff must at least show some causative significance in the acts by
the defendant (although he need not show the precise causative significance
nor is it appropriate for the court “to become involved in attempts to assess
the precise causative significance of the dishonest assistance”: _Grupo Torras
SA v Al-Sabah & anor_ [2001] CLC 221 at [119]). But this is a case where there
was no causative effect in the first place, so there was no assistance given
by Aquilus and Ho, and therefore “the requirements of conscience [did not]
require any remedy at all”: _Brown & anor v Bennett & ors_ [1999] BCC 525 at
533.

298 In summary, the allegation that Ho and Aquilus either induced or assisted
Ting to misappropriate confidential information in breach of his fiduciary
duty was not borne out on the evidence. The claim that Ho and Aquilus were
liable for the dishonest assistance of Ting’s fiduciary duty accordingly
failed.

(2) David, Goh, Ng, Ma and Li

299 As to the second form of dishonest assistance, it was submitted that
David, Goh, Ng, Ma and Li dishonestly assisted Ting to breach his fiduciary
duty by complying with his request to misappropriate Clearlab’s confidential
information. In particular, it was submitted that David emailed Ting the
confidential information that Ting asked for, Goh brought over the PET casts,
Ng copied the parameter settings for the Optoform machine, and Ma and Li
supplied the Lens Forming Machines. These were the factual matrix upon which
dishonest assistance of Ting’s breach of fiduciary duty was alleged.

300 But, pertinently, for the other defendants to have dishonestly assisted in
Ting’s breach of fiduciary duty, their acts must be referable to Ting’s breach
of fiduciary duty. Was that the case?

301 To answer the question, it was crucial to revisit the circumstances in
which Ting was held to have owed a fiduciary duty not to exploit Clearlab’s
confidential information and how he breached it. At [282], it was held that
Ting’s fiduciary duty arose because he was able to obtain Clearlab’s
confidential information for his work as the Head of Engineering and
Technology Development in Clearlab. Therefore, he owed a fiduciary duty to
Clearlab to use the confidential information that he acquired in the course of
his employment only for the furtherance of Clearlab’s interests. This
fiduciary duty was breached when Ting helped himself to Clearlab’s
confidential documents with the intention of using them in Aquilus.

302 From the description of Ting’s breach of fiduciary duty, the answer was
no. One could scarcely say that the defendants were assisting in Ting’s breach
of fiduciary duty (which he committed by misappropriating confidential
information) by (in the case of David, Goh and Ng) also misappropriating
Clearlab’s confidential information or (in the case of Ma and Li) lawfully
supplying Lens Forming Machines.

303 Further, it could not be said that a separate breach of fiduciary duty
took place when Ting requested David, Goh and Ng to misappropriate Clearlab’s
confidential information. In order for Ting to be in breach of fiduciary duty
by making those requests, it must be shown that Ting was abusing these powers
that he possessed qua _fiduciary_. I did not think this was made out. By the
time Ting made those requests, he was already dismissed from his position as
the Head of Engineering and Technology Development in Clearlab. What had been
shown was that David, Goh and Ng continued to associate with Ting, but they
did so as co-conspirators. Each of Ting’s request was made to further a
conspiracy to use Clearlab’s confidential information for the benefit of
Aquilus, and they responded to him in the same light. In this context, one
would not consider Ting to be still standing in the position of a fiduciary to
Clearlab. His requests to David, Goh and Ng did not trigger a fiduciary duty
because he was no longer acting on behalf of Clearlab or exercising any of the
powers conferred upon him by Clearlab.

304 To conclude, David, Goh, Ng, Ma and Li had not dishonestly assisted in
Ting’s breach of fiduciary duty when Ting personally misappropriated
confidential information from Clearlab during his employment. Post-dismissal,
there was no breach of fiduciary duty for which David, Goh, Ng, Ma and Li
could have dishonestly assisted in.

David’s, Goh’s and Ng’s breach of trust

305 Separately, Clearlab also claimed that there was dishonest assistance of a
breach of trust by David, Goh and Ng. The claim for dishonest assistance was
parasitic upon a breach of trust by David, Goh and Ng, therefore it was
crucial for Clearlab to first establish that David, Goh and Ng were trustees
of Clearlab’s confidential information that they had access to or made copies
of, and they had acted in breach of trust by obtaining such confidential
information for Aquilus. Clearlab’s argument was that the subject matter of
the alleged trust was confidential information, David, Goh and Ng were its
nominal owners (for they hold it as trustees for Clearlab), and Clearlab was
the beneficiary. Put in this way, I could not see how a trust arose over
Clearlab’s confidential information. Unlike property, there is no concept of
“title” in respect of information and, therefore, no segregation of legal and
equitable titles for the purposes of a trust. Thus, even though David, Goh and
Ng received Clearlab’s confidential information, they were not its nominal
owners. The disclosure of confidential information to them did not carry with
it a bare title to the confidential information. Further, while David, Goh and
Ng were bound to use Clearlab’s confidential information only for Clearlab’s
benefit, these obligations arose as a matter of the law of confidence,
irrespective of any existence of a trust over Clearlab’s confidential
information. The appropriate cause of action therefore appeared to be a breach
of confidence as against David, Goh and Ng. Having received Clearlab’s
confidential information in circumstances of confidence, they owed an
obligation of confidence to Clearlab not to use or disclose that information
without authority. The obligation was breached when David, Goh and Ng took
Clearlab’s confidential information to Aquilus. Consequently, Clearlab was
entitled to remedies available for breach of confidence to correct the
injustice in relation to the unauthorised use or disclosure of its
confidential information, and to restrain further breaches by them. Given such
comprehensive rights, obligations and protection under the law of confidence,
it was difficult to see how a trust could be superimposed on the framework
already laid down by the law of confidence.

306 For these reasons, I was not persuaded that there was a trust over
Clearlab’s confidential information. It followed that there was neither a
breach of trust by David, Goh and Ng, nor dishonest assistance by Aquilus of
that breach of trust by David, Goh and Ng.

Knowing receipt

307 The claim for knowing receipt was premised on Aquilus having received
Clearlab’s confidential information which was traceable to: (a) a breach of
fiduciary duty by Ting, or (b) a breach of trust by David, Goh and Ng.
Notably, the subject matter of the knowing receipt claim was Clearlab’s
confidential information. But it is doubtful if confidential information is
the kind of “property” contemplated in _Barnes v Addy_ (1874) LR 9 Ch App 244
(“ _Barnes_ ”) when the cause of action of knowing receipt was first
formulated. The exact words in _Barnes_ at 251–252 are:

… But, on the other hand, strangers are not to be made constructive trustees
merely because they act as the agents of trustees in transactions within their
legal powers, transactions, perhaps of which a Court of Equity may disapprove,
unless those agents _receive and become chargeable with some part of the trust
property_ , or unless they assist with knowledge in a dishonest and fraudulent
design on the part of the trustees. [emphasis added]

308 The words in italics denote the requisite _actus reus_ for knowing
receipt. In the cases that follow, it was interpreted as “first, a disposal of
[the plaintiff’s] assets … [and, second], the beneficial receipt by the
defendant of assets which are traceable as representing the assets of the
plaintiff”: _El Ajou v Dollar Land Holdings plc and another_ [1994] 2 All ER
685 at 700 per Hoffmann LJ. The general idea is that receipt must correspond
to a disposal. But this is not true of information. First, the confidential
information which is received by a defendant is not necessarily put beyond the
reach of a plaintiff. Being capable of infinite replication, the confidential
information need not leave the possession of the plaintiff when the copies
passed into the hands of the defendant. Correspondingly, the defendant who
received confidential information could not be wholly dispossessed of it. At
most, he could be prohibited from using or disclosing it.

309 There are also wide ramifications for allowing knowing receipt in respect
of information. An illustration is useful here. If a person comes to know of
information as a result of a breach of his fiduciary duty and he publishes the
information as well as the facts of the breach of his fiduciary duty in a
newspaper, it could mean that anyone who reads the newspaper is regarded as a
knowing recipient. In turn, an unlimited number of defendants may be called
upon to personally account for the information that was received. That would
be a perversion of the cause of action of knowing receipt as propounded in
_Barnes_.

310 Further, knowing receipt appears to be traditionally concerned with the
preservation of property: see Peter Jaffey, “The Nature of Knowing Receipt”
(2001) 15 Trust Law International 151. But confidential information is not
subject to the same risks of dissipation. Rather, it is more concerned with
the loss of confidentiality or further unauthorised dissemination. There are
two entirely different considerations.

311 In light of the above, I did not accept that the meaning of “property” in
knowing receipt could extend to confidential information. Accordingly,
Clearlab’s claim that there is knowing receipt of confidential information by
Aquilus was dismissed. In any event, the claim for knowing receipt in relation
to the alleged breach of trust by David, Goh and Ng must also be dismissed
based on the earlier finding that there is no breach of trust.

Tort of conversion

312 The next claim is for the tort of conversion. There were two separate
subject matters that were alleged to be converted: (a) the PET casts, and (b)
a SolidWorks software licence. As a matter of law, the tort is committed when
there is unauthorised dealing with the claimant’s chattel so as to question or
deny his title to it: _Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd v Orix Leasing
Singapore Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 at [45].

313 There is no question that there was an act of conversion with respect to
the PET casts. Ting admitted that, after he had left Clearlab and whilst he
was working at Aquilus, he had asked Goh to bring the PET casts to Aquilus
with a view of using them “for testing the formulation”, and that these PET
casts were made at Clearlab by an employee called Oran Khamhomkul.[note: 161]
Subsequently, PET casts were found at Aquilus’ premises on the day of the
search order, which signified that they were successfully brought over on
Ting’s instructions. I therefore found that Ting and Goh were liable
personally and Aquilus vicariously in the tort of conversion for taking the
PET casts.

314 As for the SolidWorks software licence, Clearlab submitted that Ting
misappropriated its licensed copy of the SolidWorks software installed on
Ting’s personal laptop by not deactivating the software after he was no longer
an employee of Clearlab. The activation history showed that the software was
first installed on 9 July 2010 and remotely deactivated by the software vendor
only on 31 May 2011,[note: 162] which was about a month after Ting was
dismissed from Clearlab on 26 April 2011. Clearlab further submitted that its
licensed copy of the SolidWorks software must have been used at Aquilus for a
period of time because, until 12 December 2011, Aquilus did not purchase for
itself the licence to use SolidWorks.[note: 163]

315 There were a number of fundamental issues with these submissions. First,
the tort of conversion is traditionally confined to chattels, _ie_ , it
requires interference with tangible personal property rather than with
intangible choses in action: see _OBG Ltd and another v Allan and others_
[2008] 1 AC 1. A software licence is not a chattel and therefore traditionally
not viewed as capable of being converted. But even assuming that a software
licence can be converted, that depends on the terms of the licence to use. A
licence that is “personal” to the licensee permits use only by the licensee. A
licence to use of this nature, being non-assignable, cannot be
misappropriated. A licence to use that is proprietary, on the other hand, is
assignable in its own right, but it is difficult to see how that may happen
without the licensee’s consent. Thus, the second issue related to the nature
of the SolidWorks licence. Clearlab bore the burden of proving that its
intangible right to use SolidWorks could be misappropriated. But no evidence
had been adduced to show, for this purpose, if the SolidWorks licence was
personal or proprietary. Third, there was a question of degree of whether the
software licence had been dealt with in a manner that excluded the rightful
licensee from its use. Conversion has been described as “an act of deliberate
dealing with a chattel in a manner inconsistent with another’s right whereby
that other is deprived of the use and possession of it”: _Kuwait Airways Corpn
v Iraqi Airways Co (Nos 4 and 5)_ [2002] 2 AC 883 at 1084, [38], citing _Clerk
& Lindsell on Torts_ (Margaret R Brazier gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed,
1995) at p 636, para 13-12; Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead noted that the
textbook description was “judicially approved” at 1084, [40]. The latter part
of the sentence – “whereby that other is deprived of the use and possession of
it” – was the subject of some contention on the facts of this case. On one
hand, Ting has wrongfully retained an activated copy of the SolidWorks
software with Seat ID 761941 on his personal laptop and thereby interfered
with Clearlab’s right to activate the SolidWorks software with the same Seat
ID on a different computer. On the other hand, it appeared from the evidence
that Clearlab could have, at any time, “repossessed” the SolidWorks software
by instructing the software vendor to remotely deactivate the SolidWorks
software on Ting’s laptop. There was therefore some uncertainty as to whether
the degree of control on Clearlab’s part to recover use of the SolidWorks
software together with Ting’s mere omission to deactivate the installed
SolidWorks software on his laptop amounted to conversion.

316 Accordingly, on the last two issues, there was insufficient evidence in
support of the assertion that Clearlab’s SolidWorks licence could be and had
been converted.

317 In any event, I noted that there would have been no substantive relief
even if Clearlab had proven a tort of conversion with respect to the
SolidWorks software licence. The particular copy of the SolidWorks software
with Seat ID 761941 that Ting had on his laptop was deactivated by the time
this action commenced. As such, Clearlab was not seeking any “return” of that
software licence. Further, Clearlab had not produced any evidence of loss
suffered during the time the SolidWorks software remained wrongfully activated
on Ting’s laptop. At the very most, Clearlab would have only been entitled to
nominal damages under this cause of action.

Breach of supply agreement

318 The final claim against Ma and Li was for the breach of the supply
agreement in relation to Quad Spinner. It was common ground that there was an
implied term in the supply agreement that the Quad Spinner would be of
merchantable quality and fit for its purpose. Clearlab’s claim was that the
implied term has been breached when OSC supplied a Quad Spinner that was
unable to achieve accurate spin speeds.

319 The chronology of relevant events was as follows. In December 2010, the
Quad Spinner was delivered to Clearlab. In April 2011, defects surfaced and Ma
attended to them. On 25 April 2011, Clearlab inspected the Quad Spinner and
produced an inspection report which showed that “the Quad Spinner had passed
the parameter inspection, _ie_ , the lens produced is of the correct
specifications”.[note: 164] This meant that the Quad Spinner was working fine
as at 25 April 2011.[note: 165] On 19 May 2011, however, defects surfaced
again. These were documented in a logbook entry, which stated that Tubes 2 and
4 of the Quad Spinner “failed dry lens prism check”.[note: 166] The effect of
the defects was allegedly that there was a discrepancy between the spin speed
that was keyed into the Quad Spinner and the actual spin speed of the Quad
Spinner. Ma subsequently did not repair the Quad Spinner again and Clearlab
undertook the repairs itself, claiming that it spent $16,480 in the process.

320 As such, the central question was whether the defects (which resulted in
inaccurate spin speeds) were attributable to a flaw in the design or
fabrication of the Quad Spinner, or whether they were attributable to the end-
user. Clearlab argued that the defects lay with the software in the Quad
Spinner, and therefore this was a design issue. Consistent with that position,
Clearlab had replaced the digital system in the Quad Spinner with an analogue
system so as to rectify the defects. Clearlab further pointed out that the
defendants’ expert witness had agreed that an analogue system was more
accurate than the digital system. The following passage from the cross-
examination was cited to me:[note: 167]

Q:One of the witnesses has claimed that an analogue control, in terms of the
speed, is better than a digital. What is your comment?

A:I believe this is the case. Analogue - - because you can have a more or less
very smooth control of acceleration, speed and so on and so forth. Digital
would be more difficult, because again this is discretised, where you have
only certain steps, it is not a smooth curve. This can be quite obvious if you
look at the controlled curve of the two devices. One is a smooth curve, the
other is a series of steps.

Q:In terms of accuracy?

A:In terms of accuracy, I would say analogue can control better.

Q:For what reason?

A:Because it is continuous. Otherwise if it is discretised, it is either this
or that, so you cannot have something in between. The other one is actually a
continuous signal.

321 On a closer reading, however, this did not support Clearlab’s claim that
the defects could be attributed to the software in the Quad Spinner. All that
the cross-examination revealed was that an analogue system was capable of
achieving more accuracy than a digital system, not that the digital system was
bound to be inaccurate. To illustrate, an analogue system would make a smooth
transition from, say, 1rpm to 2rpm, whereas a digital system would make a jump
from 1rpm to 2rpm. This was not the problem that Clearlab alleged. The
problem, according to Clearlab’s engineering manager, Wong, was that the Quad
Spinner spun at a different speed from what was keyed in by the user. For
example, it would spin at 448rpm or 452rpm when the user had keyed in
450rpm.[note: 168]

322 Therefore, the only evidence that Clearlab had adduced which is relevant
to this issue of breach of implied term was the single-page logbook entry
dated 19 May 2011. While the logbook entry did show that Tubes 2 and 4 of the
Quad Spinner were defective, it did not explain that the defects arose from
the software in the Quad Spinner. On the contrary, under the header of
“Troubleshoot”, it stated that “Tube 2 & 4 did not grip belt tightly. Area of
contact between tube 2 & 4 and belt are very small.” This suggested that the
problem of inaccurate spin speeds related to the grip between the tubes and
the belt, rather than the software. Therein lay further uncertainty. It was
not clear what caused the poor grip between the tubes and the belt. Ma and Li
suggested that it was possible that this arose from normal wear and tear or
normal operational issues after the few months that the Quad Spinner was in
Clearlab’s possession, as opposed to Ma’s faulty design or fabrication.
Regardless of the actual cause of the problem, Ma and Li submitted that
Clearlab had not discharged the burden of proving that any defect with the
Quad Spinner was attributable to them. I agreed. The claim for breach of
implied term was therefore dismissed.

Remedies

323 Having concluded that Clearlab succeeded in its claims against the first
to fifth and ninth defendants (_ie_ , Ting, David, Goh, Ng, Aquilus and Ho),
it is necessary to consider the remedies.

Permanent injunction against use of spincasting technology

324 The widest relief pleaded by Clearlab was a restraint against the
defendants “carrying on, in any way whatsoever, a business which is direct or
indirect competition with the Plaintiff’s business”.[note: 169] This was
narrowed down in the closing submissions to a restraint against the defendants
“[m]anufacturing contact lens using the spin cast method”. Clearlab sought not
only to restrain the defendants from using Clearlab’s spincasting technology,
but also to restrain the defendants from using spincasting technology
altogether. It was noted that the spincasting technology existed in many
variants, hence it was not necessarily the case that the defendants,
specifically the first to fifth and ninth defendants, would be using
Clearlab’s confidential information (and be in continued breach of confidence)
merely because they engaged in manufacturing spin-cast lens in the future. It
was possible, for example, for these defendants to obtain a licence to utilise
a third party’s spincasting technology, or develop a different way of
spincasting lens based on the information revealed in spincasting patents.

325 Clearlab nevertheless submitted that it is a fair outcome that the
defendants be permanently restrained by making spin-cast lens. The sole
authority that Clearlab relied on was _Johnson & Bloy (Holdings) Limited and
another v Wolstenholme Rink plc and another_ [1989] 1 FSR 135 (“ _Johnson_ ”).
It was cited for its broad consideration of what was necessary for the proper
protection of the plaintiffs in relation to the information that was vital to
the effective continuation of the plaintiffs’ business. But the case did not
in fact assist Clearlab. In _Johnson_ , the second defendant left the
plaintiffs’ employ to work for the first defendant, taking with him
confidential materials, such as formulations for printing inks. A question was
raised as to whether the plaintiffs could restrain (at an interlocutory stage)
the use of a mere combination of the two ingredients for manufacturing gold
offset ink dryer (which was required as an “intermediary” for preparing inks),
as opposed to the precise formulation. The court held that they could. Its
main concern was that the defendants would get around the more specific
restraint by varying the percentages of the ingredients in the precise
formulation; that would have set the protection to the plaintiffs’ trade
secrets at nought. Importantly, the case did not go as far as to say that the
plaintiffs were entitled to restrain the defendants wholly from manufacturing
dryer. At the end of the judgment, the injunction was stated to be subject to
the following proviso (at 143–144):

Provided that it shall not constitute a breach of either injunction for the
first defendant to use and manufacture a dryer in accordance with a formula
obtained from an independent third party subject to the further proviso (a)
that the third party has not devised such formula by reason of any disclosure
(direct or indirect) by the defendants or either of them since March 1st,
1987, of the information that the two said ingredients may be used in
combination in the manufacture of a dryer for an offset metallic printing ink;
(b) the first defendant has not obtained or used such formula by reason of
such information; and (c) the first defendant first swears and delivers to the
plaintiffs an affidavit verifying the foregoing.

Clearly, the defendants were free to continue a competing business in
manufacturing dryer so long as it did not involve the use of the plaintiffs’
confidential information. An exception to the injunction was specifically
carved out so that the defendants can use any dryer independently developed by
third parties. The same reasoning applied with equal force here. Clearlab was
only entitled to protect its own confidential information; it would overreach
if it sought to permanently restrain the first to fifth and ninth defendants
from the entire area of spincasting, without differentiating the situations
between when they were actually misusing Clearlab’s confidential information
and when they were not.

326 On the facts, _Johnson_ may also be distinguished from the present case.
In _Johnson_ , it was arguable that the combination of the two ingredients
(and not just the precise formulation) was confidential information and
therefore deserving of protection. In the present case, while Clearlab’s
specific method of spincasting was confidential, there were other methods of
spincasting that were not confidential. Clearlab itself acknowledged that
there were “generic” spin-cast processes described in patents. It follows that
what was protectable as confidential information were the refinements that
Clearlab had made to its spin-cast process, rather than spincasting in
general. A blanket injunction against the first to fifth and ninth defendants
using any form of spincasting technology, even those that are in the public
domain or may be licensed from third parties, did not appear to be warranted.

327 In this connection, the defendants argued that there was no
proportionality between the perceived threat and the remedy sought by
Clearlab. It seemed that a general spincasting injunction would put Clearlab
in a better position that it would have been had there been no breach. In
fact, it would have insulated Clearlab permanently from competition from the
defendants in the area of spincasting. It seemed that such an injunction was
not reasonably necessary for the protection of Clearlab’s business interests.

328 As a matter of policy, however, Clearlab submitted that its confidential
information could not be sufficiently protected without a wide injunction.
This was an argument that ran on the facts of the case rather than strict
doctrinal considerations. The defendants’ conduct from surreptitiously taking
Clearlab’s documents to deleting Clearlab’s documents in contempt of the court
order showed that they could not be trusted with compliance of a court order
to not use or disclose Clearlab’s confidential information. Clearlab submitted
that the defendants would continue to use Clearlab’s confidential information
but would now do it under the guise of purchasing technology from third
parties. Throughout the trial, the defendants had demonstrated a propensity to
deceive. Goh strenuously denied using SCS6 even though he plainly could not
design inserts without it. David put up a table comparing Clearlab’s and
Aquilus’ lens formulations but later admitted that certain chemicals that were
unique to Clearlab’s lens formulation (_eg_ , BME and Pluronic) were in fact
used in Aquilus. Ting, the mastermind of the crooked scheme to use Clearlab’s
confidential information, had the audacity to join the audit team to audit
Aquilus for ISO and OHSAS certifications. These were just a few examples of
the defendants’ dishonesty. Given the defendants’ antecedents, there was a
compelling case that the defendants would not simply refrain from using
Clearlab’s confidential information. After all, Clearlab could not monitor
such compliance without unreasonable costs. It was a real concern that the
defendants would defy the court order in a way which would avoid detection by
Clearlab. In order to do practical justice, Clearlab submitted that a more
heavy-handed measure, _ie_ , a wide injunction against the use of spincasting
technology, was necessary.

329 On this matter, it was crucial that the court should achieve as fair a
balance as possible in the circumstances, between the two competing concerns.
It was understandable, from Clearlab’s perspective, that anything short of a
blanket ban against spincasting would not stop the defendants from using its
confidential information. If a prior court order had not commanded their
obedience, there was no reason to believe that the next court order will be
regarded any differently by them, unless there was an effective way of
enforcing it. From the defendants’ perspective, a permanent injunction against
the use of spincasting technology would be a severe consequence. There is no
precedent of a court granting a permanent injunction against an activity which
does not necessarily involve the plaintiff’s confidential information.
Typically, the injunction that is granted restrains only the use and
disclosure of confidential information; that is regarded as sufficient to
prevent the wrongdoer from profiting from his own wrong. Thus, it would not
have been controversial if the defendants were prohibited from making spin-
cast lens with the use of Clearlab’s confidential information, but a permanent
prohibition against the use of spincast technology would be too wide.

330 With these considerations in mind, I found that a fair balance on the
facts of this case would be an injunction for a limited period. This would
address the policy, on the one hand, against prohibiting the defendants from
pursuing legitimate economic activity and on the other hand, protecting the
rights of Clearlab against which much egregious conduct had been carried out
by the same defendants. Clearlab’s concern was that an injunction against the
use of confidential information would be difficult to enforce and, with the
proven proclivities of the defendants to abuse its confidential information,
there is a high probability that they would continue doing it so long as they
felt that they would not be caught. Given that any technology has a limited
life span, an injunction for a limited period would be sufficient to meet
Clearlab’s concerns. In my view a fair period would be five years from the
date of the writ. Although this means that the injunction will continue for
only another two years, I take into consideration that Aquilus had already
been effectively prohibited from manufacturing contact lenses since the date
of the writ. In any event, the prime consideration is the fact that in this
five-year period, the technology would have moved on and any undue advantage
acquired by Aquilus from the confidential information, assuming they still
have it, would be lost or at the very least, heavily diluted. I therefore
grant an injunction against the first to fifth and the ninth defendants (_ie_
, the ex-employees, Aquilus and Ho) from carrying out manufacturing of contact
lenses using the spin-cast method, or from participating in any such
manufacturing.

Permanent injunction against continued breach of confidence

331 The next relief that Clearlab sought was a permanent injunction against
the defendants from using, disclosing or otherwise benefiting from its
confidential information. There was no dispute that Clearlab was entitled to
this injunctive relief. It is just and appropriate that a defendant should be
precluded from taking advantage of the confidential information if the
confidential information comes to him in circumstances where he has notice or
has agreed that the information is confidential. To preserve the
confidentiality of the information and to prevent the defendants from further
exploiting the confidential information, I will grant an injunction in terms
that are couched by Clearlab, _ie_ , it is a restraint against the first to
fifth and the ninth defendants (_ie_ , the ex-employees, Aquilus and Ho) from:

(a) manufacturing, selling and distributing (whether or not for consideration)
contact lenses and carrying on a business in any manner whatsoever which have
howsoever involved or would involve the use of, is based on or would be based
on (whether in whole or in part) and/or contains or would contain Clearlab’s
confidential information;

(b) using Clearlab’s confidential information or any part thereof; and

(c) disclosing Clearlab’s confidential information to any third party.

As discussed at [142], the scope of Clearlab’s protectable confidential
information was confined to the list of items in Annex A of its closing
submissions, except for the information relating to the design of the Quad
Spinner, the modifications to the Dual Spinner, product artwork, and four
documents (_ie_ , (a) Atago Hand Held Refractometer.pdf, (b) chemist[1].doc,
(c) 3287.001.pdf, and (d) http.doc). These categories of information were not
protectable because, as concluded above, Clearlab either lacked standing or
the information had already entered the public domain.

Delivery up

Confidential information

332 In the same vein, Clearlab was entitled to have all its information, which
I had held to be confidential, returned. I therefore order a delivery up of
all documents and electronic devices containing Clearlab’s confidential
information that is within the first to fifth and ninth defendants’ custody,
power or possession. This is to be complied with within seven days of my
order. Concurrent with such delivery up, I will also allow Clearlab’s prayer
for the first to fifth and ninth defendants to individually swear and file
affidavits confirming that they have complied with delivery up order.

PET casts

333 The PET casts which were converted by the defendants shall also be
returned to Clearlab. Since the execution of the search order, these PET
casts, have been sealed in a box and left in the custody of Aquilus. I hence
order that Aquilus to deliver up to Clearlab the PET casts within seven days
of my order.

Wrotham Park damages

334 Clearlab made a rather peculiar and confusing submission about _Wrotham
Park_ damages. On one hand, it submitted that the first to sixth and ninth
defendants could not be trusted not to use Clearlab’s confidential documents
in the future, therefore _Wrotham Park_ damages were a “just response”. On the
other hand, Clearlab specifically asked to be compensated for the period
between the breach of confidence and the interim injunction. Presumably,
Clearlab sought _Wrotham Park_ damages for two separate timeframes: from
breach till the interim injunction, and from the date of the judgment onwards.
Clearlab further submitted that, in the event that the defendants do not
satisfy the judgment for _Wrotham Park_ damages, they should be permanently
restrained from manufacturing contact lens using the spin-cast method: this
injunction has been discussed above and an injunction for a limited period of
five years has been ordered. Notwithstanding my holding, it is an odd argument
because _Wrotham Park_ damages are usually given in lieu of injunction and not
the other way round.

335 I should first affirm the authority of the court to award _Wrotham Park_
damages for breach of confidence. It is consistent with the view expressed by
Lord Denning MR in _Seager v Copydex Ltd (No 2)_ [1969] 1 WLR 809 (“ _Seager_
”) that damages for breach of confidence could reflect the market value
attached to the confidential information, or, as Clearlab put it, the price
which the owner of the confidential information could reasonably have demanded
for agreeing to relax the restriction in question. A necessary implication of
an award of such damages is that the defendants are regarded as having made an
outright purchase of the confidential information. Once the damages are
assessed and paid, the confidential information would belong to the defendants
as if they had bought it in an agreement of sale: see _Seager_ at 813.

336 That said, this is not a proper case for awarding _Wrotham Park_ damages.
The main reason is that Clearlab is not desirous of relinquishing its rights
over its confidential information. I understand Clearlab to be seeking both
_Wrotham Park_ damages and an injunction against continued use of its
confidential information. But it is not possible to have both reliefs.
_Wrotham Park_ damages, as mentioned, are awarded in lieu of injunction.

337 In the case of _Wrotham Park Estate Co Ltd v Parkside Homes Ltd and
others_ [1974] 1 WLR 798 (“ _Wrotham Park_ ”), from which the term _Wrotham
Park_ damages was derived, Brightman J awarded damages as “a just substitute
for a mandatory injunction”: at 815D. Instead of ordering a mandatory
injunction for the demolition of buildings developed in breach of a
restrictive covenant, because that would have been an “unpardonable waste of
much needed houses”, Brightman J had assessed damages as a sum which the
plaintiffs might reasonably have demanded from the defendant as _quid pro quo_
for relaxing the covenant. It assumes a hypothetical negotiation between
parties to buy out or to release the relevant obligation.

338 It is observed that in _Wrotham Park_ , there had not been an interim
injunction or a permanent injunction. The defendant managed to fully complete
the development, sell all the completed housing units and then keep the
profits because the housing units were not to be torn down. On the basis of
the sale, the plaintiff was given a cut of 5%.

339 There is no parallel in the present case. Here, the first to fifth and
ninth defendants are already restrained by an injunction from making further
use or profiting from Clearlab’s confidential information. Further, in view of
the proven danger that this order may be breached, I have issued another
injunction for a period of five years prohibiting the first to fifth and ninth
defendants from manufacturing contact lenses using the spin-cast method. If
_Wrotham Park_ damages are to compensate for the future use of Clearlab’s
confidential information, this would be double recovery. It is not right that
the defendants have to buy the release of their obligations (by paying
_Wrotham Park_ damages) and then be injuncted from using any of Clearlab’s
confidential information.

340 Thus, the more appropriate remedy in the circumstances of the case is the
two injunctions and the delivery up order. Along with the costs order, they
should effectively restore Clearlab to the same position that it would have
been in had the defendants not breached their obligation of confidence. I will
therefore decline to make any order for _Wrotham Park_ damages.

341 As for past misuse, Clearlab submitted that there was a period between the
breach and interim injunction that needs to be compensated for. Prior to the
execution of the interim injunction on 17 October 2011, each of the first to
fifth and ninth defendants were clearly in breach of confidence and/or
fiduciary duty. The exact dates of when the breach began are unknown, but, for
Ting, it could be as early as March 2011 when he was attending meetings at
Aquilus and, for David, it was at least since 22 May 2011 when he started
sending Ting emails containing Clearlab’s confidential information.

342 However, the argument that _Wrotham Park_ damages are available for that
specific timeframe is tenuous. It seems to have no regard for commercial
reality. The fact is that no agreement could hypothetically have been struck
between the parties for a limited use of confidential information in Aquilus
that can never come to fruition (_viz_ , production and sale of competing
products by Aquilus). As Sales J said in _Duncan Edward Vercoe and others v
Rutland Fund Management Limited and others_ [2010] EWHC 424 (Ch) at [292]:

On my reading of the authorities, where damages are to be awarded on a Wrotham
Park type basis, what is required from the court is an assessment of a fair
price for release or relaxation of the relevant negative covenant having
regard to (i) _the likely parameters given by ordinary commercial
considerations bearing on each of the parties_ _(it would not usually be fair
for the court to make an award of damages on this basis by reference to a
hypothetical agreement outside the bounds of realistic commercial
acceptability assessed on an objective basis with reference to the position in
which each party is placed_ , and see _Pell Frischmann Engineering Ltd_ at
[53]); (ii) any additional factors particularly affecting the just balance to
be struck between the competing interests of the parties (see Brightman J’s
reference to the conduct of the beneficiary of the restrictive covenant _in
Wrotham Park_ at 815H-816B as a factor tending to moderate the award of
damages in its favour and the reference of the Privy Council in _Pell
Frischmann Engineering Ltd_ at [54] to the relevance of extraordinary and
unexplained delay by the claimant); and (iii) the court’s overriding
obligation to ensure that an award of damages for breach of contract – which
falls to be assessed in light of events which have now moved beyond the time
the breach of contract occurred and which may have worked themselves out in a
way which affects the balance of justice between the parties — does not
provide relief out of proportion to the real extent of the claimant’s interest
in proper performance judged on an objective basis by reference to the
situation which presents itself to the court (see the discussion in
_Experience Hendrix_ at [27]-[30] of the special nature of the interest of the
claimant which justified the award of damages in _Blake_ equivalent to the
profits which Blake had made in publishing his book about his treachery; the
general discussion by Lord Nicholls in _Blake_ at 282A-285H; and also compare
_Ruxley Electronics and Construction Ltd v Forsyth_ [1996] AC 344). [emphasis
added]

343 What Clearlab is essentially seeking are _Wrotham Park_ damages
represented by a licence fee for the use of the confidential information for
such time and extent before the products are fully developed for the market.
It is a prime example of a hypothetical agreement that is “outside the bounds
of realistic commercial acceptability”. The licensor, Clearlab, has everything
to gain, in terms of monetary compensation, for loaning out the confidential
information, whereas the licensee, the defendants, are ultimately prevented
from benefiting from the use of the confidential information because the
licence to use is retracted just before they are ready to sell the products
made using the confidential information. The value of a licence for such
temporary and restricted use is zero.

344 For the reasons above, Clearlab is not entitled to _Wrotham Park_ damages.

Damages / account of profits

345 The claim for damages or account of profits (at Clearlab’s election) can
be summarily dismissed for the reason that no proof of loss or profits was
adduced before the court. This is not surprising. The interim injunction was
obtained in time before the defendants sold any products. There is therefore
neither loss that is shown to be attributable to defendants’ breach, nor any
profit made by the defendants.

Conclusion

346 In the premises, Clearlab has succeeded against: (a) the ex-employees, Ho
and Aquilus in its claim for breach of confidence and tort of conspiracy by
unlawful means, (b) the ex-employees in its claim for breach of employment
contract, (c) Ting in its claim for breach of fiduciary duty, and (d) Ting,
Goh and Aquilus in its claim for tort of conversion.

347 I will hear counsel on the issue of costs.

* * *

[note: 1]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, pp 387–389

[note: 2]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 384

[note: 3]Notes of evidence (“NE”), 17 March 2014, p 43 (lines 3–18)

[note: 4]6BA, Mrs Park’s AEIC, p 112 (Ting’s email to Mrs Park of 24 March
2011)

[note: 5]NE, 24 February 2014, p 42 (lines 6–7)

[note: 6]Ting’s AEIC, p 89, para 86.4

[note: 7]Ting’s AEIC, p 89, para 86.4

[note: 8]NE, 28 February 2014, pp 46 (line 25) – 47 (line 9)

[note: 9]Sara’s AEIC, p 4, para 9

[note: 10]Sara’s AEIC, p 47

[note: 11]6BA, Cerasi’s AEIC, p 42, item 10.14

[note: 12]NE, 5 March 2014, p 126 (lines 6–16)

[note: 13]Goh’s AEIC, p18, para 37, p 21, para 45

[note: 14]Goh’s AEIC, p 16, para 33, p 18, para 39

[note: 15]29PE; 30PE

[note: 16]NE, 19 February 2014, pp 46 (line 14) – 47 (line 18)

[note: 17]NE, 19 February 2014, pp 62–65

[note: 18]NE, 19 February 2014, p 73 (lines 8–18)

[note: 19]NE, 20 February 2014, pp 50 (line 15) – 51 (line 11)

[note: 20]2BCA, Tab 6, p 21, para 69

[note: 21]NE, 3 April 2014, p 85

[note: 22]2BCA, Tab 6, p 6, para 17

[note: 23]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, pp 70–71

[note: 24]Ma’s AEIC, pp 207–210

[note: 25]BP, Tab 8, F&BP dated 28 January 2013, p 425, para 2(i)

[note: 26]Ma’s AEIC, p 161; see also pp 93–154 for quotations and purchase
orders in relation to Ma’s work on the Dual Spinners.

[note: 27]Ma’s AEIC, p 15, paras 26– 27

[note: 28]NE, 7 August 2013, pp 14–15

[note: 29]NE, 13 March 2013, pp 81 (line 23) – 82 (line 1)

[note: 30]Ting’s AEIC, pp 519, 534

[note: 31]3DB, p 1686 (col 2, line 26)

[note: 32]3DB, p 1808 (col 2, line 38)

[note: 33]3DB, p 1479, para 23

[note: 34]3DB, p 1512

[note: 35]NE, 1 August 2013, pp 68 (line 10) – 70 (line 1)

[note: 36]2BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 789, item 10.32

[note: 37]1-BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 549

[note: 38]NE, 5 March 2014, pp 144 (line 20) – 146 (line 12)

[note: 39]NE, 6 March 2014, pp 53–60

[note: 40]3BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 1563

[note: 41]23PE; 24PE; 31PE; 34PE

[note: 42]Goh’s AEIC, p 18, paras 38-39

[note: 43]NE, 4 March 2014, p 7

[note: 44]Goh’s AEIC, pp 24–25, para 54

[note: 45]NE, 17 February 2014, p 186

[note: 46]NE, 18 February 2014, p 13 (lines 5–6)

[note: 47]Goh’s AEIC, p 18, para 37, p 21, para 45

[note: 48]NE, 18 February 2014, pp 45–46

[note: 49]NE, 19 February 2014, p 7 (lines 3–4)

[note: 50]29PE; 30PE

[note: 51]6BA, Cerasi’s AEIC, p 149

[note: 52]NE, 19 February 2014, p 82 (lines 1–7)

[note: 53]6BA, Cerasi’s AEIC, p 148

[note: 54]NE, 19 February 2014, p 92 (lines 9–19)

[note: 55]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 317, p 46, para 159

[note: 56]David’s AEIC, pp 12–13, paras 27, 29–30

[note: 57]NE, 7 March 2014, p 50 (lines 2–25)

[note: 58]NE, 6 March 2014, p 156 (line 23) – 157 (line 23)

[note: 59]36PE, p 1, photograph D, bottle of Pluronic F-127

[note: 60]NE, 6 March 2014, p 162

[note: 61]36PE, p 2, photograph C, bottle of benzoin methyl ether (BME)

[note: 62]David’s AEIC, pp 22 –25, paras 51–52

[note: 63]NE, 7 March 2014, pp 7 (line 19) – 9 (line 2)

[note: 64]NE, 6 March 2014, pp 171 (line 9) – 172 (line 20)

[note: 65]NE, 6 March 2014, p 160 (lines 5–6)

[note: 66]NE, 6 March 2014, p 161 (lines 11–25)

[note: 67]NE, 6 March 2014, p 163 (lines 7–18)

[note: 68]NE, 27 February 2014, pp 63 (line 24) – 64 (line 3); NE, 28 February
2014, p 68 (lines 18–25)

[note: 69]6BA, Cerasi’s AEIC, pp 41–44

[note: 70]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 553

[note: 71]NE, 6 March 2014, pp 43 (line 1324); NE, 28 February 2014, pp 96
(line 18) – 98 (line 16)

[note: 72]NE, 6 March 2014, pp 43 (line 18) – 45 (line 21)

[note: 73]Ng’s AEIC, p 6, para 15

[note: 74]NE, 21 February 2014, pp 21–22

[note: 75]NE, 21 February 2014, pp 11–16

[note: 76]NE, 21 February 2014, pp 22 (lines 12–20)

[note: 77]NE, 21 February 2014, pp 22 (line 24) – 23 (line 19)

[note: 78]First to sixth and ninth defendants’ reply submissions, p 4, para 9

[note: 79]4BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 2467

[note: 80]5BA, Dr Yip’s AEIC, p 18

[note: 81]5BA, Dr Yip’s AEIC, Tab YYS-7

[note: 82]NE, 20 August 2013, pp 150, 153

[note: 83]NE, 21 February 2014, p 138

[note: 84]NE, 21 February 2014, p 141; 10-BA, Sara’s AEIC, p 7, para 17

[note: 85]10BA, Sara’s AEIC, p 4, para 9

[note: 86]NE, 5 March 2014, pp 87–88

[note: 87]5BA, Dr Yip’s AEIC, p 19

[note: 88]10BA, Ting’s AEIC, p 90, para 88.1

[note: 89]NE, 6 March 2014, p 94

[note: 90]David’s AEIC, p 37, para 79, pp 39-40, para 86, pp 41–42, para 92;
Ng’s AEIC, pp 8–9, paras 20–21

[note: 91]NE, 28 February 2014, pp 99 (line 2) – 100 (line 11)

[note: 92]NE, 5 March 2014, p 77 (lines 6–14)

[note: 93]NE, 10 March 2014, pp 61–63

[note: 94]Toh’s AEIC, p 20, para 45(a)

[note: 95]NE, 25 March 2013, pp 134–135

[note: 96]Ma’s AEIC, p 10, para 13, p 12, para 19

[note: 97]Ma’s AEIC, p 12, para 18

[note: 98]NE, 6 August 2013, p 17 (lines 11–14)

[note: 99]3D7B(5), Tab 128

[note: 100]NE, 17 March 2014, pp 70 (line 22) – 71 (line 7)

[note: 101]NE, 17 March 2014, pp 89 (line 19) – 90 (line 10)

[note: 102]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 528

[note: 103]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 526

[note: 104]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, pp 525, 527

[note: 105]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, pp 522, 524

[note: 106]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, pp 522, 524

[note: 107]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 523

[note: 108]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, pp 520, 522

[note: 109]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, pp 519, 530

[note: 110]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, pp 518, 530

[note: 111]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 516

[note: 112]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, pp 515, 529

[note: 113]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, pp 531

[note: 114]NE, 24 February 2014, pp 75 (line 3) – 91 (line 22), p 93 (lines
5–10)

[note: 115]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 525, item 3.3

[note: 116]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 524, item 3.2

[note: 117]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 524, item 3.1

[note: 118]NE, 24 February 2014, p 72 (lines 3–12)

[note: 119]2PIA, Tab 11, “JGP-B”, pp 24–25

[note: 120]NE, 5 March 2014, pp 2 (line 22) – 3 (line 6); 17 February 2014 p
28 (lines 15–22), p 34 (lines 24–25); 20 February 2014, p 168 (lines 14–20)

[note: 121]1DB, pp 139–141

[note: 122]6BA, Cerasi’s AEIC, pp 31–34, 38–40

[note: 123]6BA, Lukman Haryanto’s AEIC, p 107

[note: 124]NE, 20 February 2014, p 180 (lines 1–18)

[note: 125]1BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, pp 93–100

[note: 126]5BA, Dr Yip’s AEIC, pp 12–13; NE, 6 March 2014, pp 139 (line 18)
–140 (line 1)

[note: 127]NE, 21 February 2014, p 22 (lines 24–25), p 23 (line 1)

[note: 128]NE, 19 March 2014, pp 173 (line 9) – 174 (line 24)

[note: 129]1BCA, Tab 2, para 20 (Ting); 1-BCA, Tab 4, para 16 (David)

[note: 130]NE, 6 March 2014, pp 85–88

[note: 131]NE, 21 February 2014, pp 43 (line 8) – 44 (line 1), p 52 (lines
13–25)

[note: 132]3BA, p 1588 (17 March 2011 entry)

[note: 133]3BA, pp 1583, 1588

[note: 134]17DE, pp 4–6

[note: 135]NE, 3 April 2014, pp 56–57

[note: 136]Ting’s AEIC, p 66, para 75.26

[note: 137]NE, 28 February 2014, p 188 (lines 16–25)

[note: 138]NE, 28 February 2014, p 181 (line 7)

[note: 139]3BA, p 1584

[note: 140]NE, 17 March 2014, pp 139 (line 5) – 140 (line 19)

[note: 141]Ma’s AEIC, p 164

[note: 142]3BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 1582

[note: 143]Li’s AEIC, p 6, para 10(e)

[note: 144]NE, 17 March 2014, pp 134 (line 25) – 135 (line 3)

[note: 145]3BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, p 1583

[note: 146]Li’s AEIC, pp 14-15

[note: 147]NE, 5 March 2014, pp 9 (line 21) – 10 (line 8); NE, 17 February
2014, p 47 (lines 18–20); NE, 20 February 2014, pp 150 (line 25) – 151 (line
14)

[note: 148]1DB, pp 139–141

[note: 149]4BA, Dr Park’s AEIC, Tab 66 (email dated 30 December 2011)

[note: 150]NE, 24 February 2014, p 123 (lines 20–21)

[note: 151]NE, 25 February 2014, p 22 (lines 19–20)

[note: 152]NE, 5 March 2014, p 65 (lines 18–24)

[note: 153]NE, 20 February 2014, pp 13 (line 2) – 14 (line 19)

[note: 154]Ng’s AEIC, p 7, para 18, p 8, para 18, p 12, para 27

[note: 155]24PE

[note: 156]6BA, Mrs Park’s AEIC, p 3, para 6

[note: 157]SOC, p 43, para 58, p 92, para 178

[note: 158]NE, 17 March 2014, pp 93 (lines 6–9) – 94 (lines 19–21)

[note: 159]NE, 17 March 2014, pp 92 (line 25) – 93 (line 9)

[note: 160]NE, 17 March 2014, p 179 (lines 12–14)

[note: 161]NE, 28 February 2014, p 27 (lines 11–21), p 28 (lines 2–4, 23–25)

[note: 162]5PE, p 3

[note: 163]5DB, p 3307

[note: 164]7BA, Wong’s AEIC, p 14, para 36

[note: 165]NE, 7 August 2013, p 24

[note: 166]7BA, Wong’s AEIC, p 116

[note: 167]NE, 19 March 2014, p 13 (lines 5–23)

[note: 168]7BA, Wong’s AEIC, p 14, para 38

[note: 169]SOC, p 94, para 185(1)(a)

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Nov 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

