Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Muthukumaran s/o Varthan and another _v_ Kwong Kai Chung and others  
[2014] SGHC 204

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 896 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 October 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Kim Shin JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  George Pereira (Pereira & Tan LLC) for the first and
second plaintiffs; Adrian Wong and Yan Yijun (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the first
and second defendants; Krishanasamy Siva Sambo and Choo Yean Lin (Tan Lee &
Partners) for the third defendant.  
Parties| :|  (1) MUTHUKUMARAN S/O VARTHAN — (2) INDIRA D/O SRINIVASA NAIDU —
(1) KWONG KAI CHUNG — (2) KWONG WING YEN CATHERINE — (3) MADRAS INVESTMENT PTE
LTD  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 111 of
2014 and Summons No 6264 of 2014 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 30
September 2015. See [2015] SGCA 69.]

15 October 2014|  
---|---  
  
Lee Kim Shin JC:

Introduction

1 The main issue in Originating Summons No 896 of 2013 (“OS 896”) was whether
the owners of a two-storey shop-house, which did not have a staircase built
within their unit, had an implied easement of a right of way over the
staircase of the adjacent unit under s 99(1A) of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157,
2004 Rev Ed) (“the LTA”).

2 On 30 June 2014, I dismissed OS 896 because the First and Second Plaintiffs
(collectively “the Plaintiffs”) had failed to establish that the alleged
easement was set apart or appropriated on the subdivision plan that was
submitted to the authorities, as required by s 99(1A) of the LTA. I ordered
that the Plaintiffs pay the First and Second Defendants’ costs, fixed at
$10,000 plus reasonable disbursements, and the Third Defendant’s costs, also
fixed at $10,000 plus reasonable disbursements. I gave the Plaintiffs liberty
to apply if complications arose while building a staircase in their shop-
house.

3 The Plaintiffs have filed an appeal against my decision. I therefore set out
the grounds for my decision.

Background

4 The Plaintiffs are the joint registered proprietors of the property known as
No 21 Madras Street, Singapore (“No 21”). The First and Second Defendants have
been the joint registered proprietors of the property known as No 23 Madras
Street, Singapore (“No 23”) since 16 July 2010. The Third Defendant was the
registered proprietor of No 23 from 1995 to 2010 when it was transferred to
the First and Second Defendants.

5 No 21 and No 23 are part of a row of four two-storey conservation shop-
houses in the Little India area (these four shop-houses, collectively, “the
Properties”). The other two Properties in the row are No 17 Madras Street,
Singapore (“No 17”) and No 19 Madras Street, Singapore (“No 19”). Each of the
Properties stands on a separate lot and has a separate Certificate of Title.

6 The Properties were all originally purchased by the Third Defendant on 22
November 1993 following a successful tender concluded on 27 August 1993 with
the Singapore Government. The Third Defendant’s undisputed evidence was that
none of the Properties had a permanent staircase at the time the Third
Defendant purchased the Properties. Rather, each of the Properties only had a
bare ladder.

7 In 1995, the Third Defendant submitted plans to the Building and
Construction Authority (“BCA”) and the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”)
for approval to carry out Addition and Alteration Works on the Properties. The
scope of these works included:

(a) The building of two new timber staircases, one being inside No 19 and the
other being inside No 23.

(a) I shall refer to the staircase inside No 23 as “the No 23 Staircase”.

(b) The demolition of a portion of the firewalls on the ground floor between
No 17 and No 19, and on the ground floor between No 21 and No 23, to allow
access between the units at the ground level.

(c) The demolition of a portion of the firewalls on the upper floor between No
17 and No 19, and on the upper floor between No 21 and No 23, to allow access
between the units at the upper level.

(b) I shall refer to the upper floors of No 21 and No 23 as “No 21A” and “No
23A” respectively.

8 The plans were approved by the BCA and the URA on 4 May 1995 and 20 June
1995 respectively. Thereafter, the Addition and Alteration Works were carried
out and completed by the Third Defendant. Notably, No 17 and No 21 continued
to have no staircase access to their upper floors as this was not covered by
the scope of the works, but this also meant that No 17 and No 21 retained
relatively larger floor areas. However, it would appear from the plans that
access to No 21A could be obtained by using the No 23 Staircase and the
opening between No 21A and No 23A created by the demolition of a portion of
the firewalls separating them.

9 On 3 June 2004, the Plaintiffs purchased No 21 from the Third Defendant for
$435,000. The transfer of No 21 to the Plaintiffs was registered on 10
November 2004. The Plaintiffs acquired No 21 subject to an existing tenancy
agreement. At that time, and sometime until February 2010, the Plaintiffs’
tenant was also occupying No 19. The Third Defendant claimed that when the
Plaintiffs purchased No 21, the Plaintiffs were informed that there would be
no staircase access to No 21A. Rather, the Plaintiffs would be required to
build their own staircase. The Plaintiffs denied being informed of this.

10 What transpired between 2006 and 2010 was disputed. The Plaintiffs claimed
that both they and their tenant were able to use the No 23 Staircase to gain
access to No 21A without incident during this time. It was only when their
tenant moved out in February 2010 that they discovered that the lock on the
doorway to the No 23 Staircase had been changed. The Plaintiffs also claimed
that they discovered that the opening between No 21A and No 23A had been
boarded up with wooden planks and sealed sometime in August 2010.

11 The Defendants, on the other hand, claimed that the opening between No 21A
and No 23A had been boarded up since March 2006. It would appear that the
Plaintiffs’ tenant in No 21 was able to gain access to No 21A by using the
staircase in No 19 (which the tenant was also occupying) instead.

12 It suffices to state that there was a flurry of correspondence between the
Plaintiffs and the Third Defendant between February 2010 and June 2010, with
the Plaintiffs asserting their right to use the No 23 Staircase and the Third
Defendant denying that the Plaintiffs had such a right.

13 On 19 April 2010, the First and Second Defendants purchased No 23 from the
Third Defendant for $640,000. The transfer of No 23 to the First and Second
Defendants was registered on 16 July 2010.

14 Shortly after this and sometime in late July or early August 2010, the
First Defendant received a call from the First Plaintiff. During the call, the
First Plaintiff alleged, amongst other things, that the No 23 Staircase was a
common staircase and meant to be shared by the proprietors of No 21 and No 23.
The First Plaintiff demanded that he be granted access to the No 23 Staircase.
The First Defendant refused to accede to the First Plaintiff’s demand.

15 On 5 August 2010, the First Plaintiff wrote to the Singapore Civil Defence
Fire Safety Licensing & Enforcement Unit (“the Civil Defence”) to complain
that he was unable to access No 21A and was concerned about fire safety
issues. The Civil Defence carried out an inspection at No 23 on 11 August
2010. They found that the boarding up of the opening between No 21A and No 23A
was a violation of fire safety regulations.

16 On 13 August 2010, the Civil Defence wrote to the First and Second
Defendants to inform them that a fine of $500 would be imposed on them. In the
same letter, the Civil Defence advised the First and Second Defendants to
remove the boarding or to apply for approval if they wished to continue
boarding up the opening. On 25 March 2011, the Civil Defence approved the
First and Second Defendants’ application for the boarding up of the opening
between No 21A and No 23A.

17 On 12 April 2011, the URA wrote to the First and Second Defendants to say
that the URA’s approval ought to have been obtained before the opening was
boarded up because No 21 was a conservation building. Nothing came of this
letter eventually. The First and Second Defendants did not obtain the URA’s
approval.

18 On 2 August 2013, more than two years after the Plaintiffs last asserted a
right of way over the No 23 Staircase, the First and Second Defendants
received a letter from the Plaintiffs’ solicitors saying that the Plaintiffs
would be commencing proceedings against them.

19 On 8 October 2013, the Plaintiffs filed OS 896 against all three
Defendants.

20 Thereafter, on 10 December 2013, the Plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote to the
URA to enquire whether the First and Second Defendants had since obtained the
URA’s approval to board up the opening. The URA replied on 16 December 2013 to
indicate that the First and Second Defendants had not. The URA also stated
that they had emailed the First Defendant on 26 August 2013 to suggest that he
resolve the matter of the use of the No 23 Staircase with the Plaintiffs first
before making a submission for approval to seal up the opening between No 21A
and No 23A.

OS 896

21 In OS 896, the Plaintiffs claimed, in the main, the following reliefs:

(a) A declaration that by reason of s 99(1A) of the LTA, the Plaintiffs, as
owners of No 21, were entitled to an easement of a right of way over the No 23
Staircase to enable access to No 21A for all purposes and reasons.

(b) An injunction restraining the First and Second Defendants from interfering
with the Plaintiffs’ reasonable enjoyment of the said right of way over the No
23 Staircase.

(c) Damages for losses suffered by the Plaintiffs by reason of all three
Defendants denying the Plaintiffs use of the No 23 Staircase to access No 21A.

(d) An order that the First and Second Defendants reinstate the opening
between No 21A and No 23A as shown in the plan approved by the URA on 20 June
1995.

22 The pivotal issue in OS 896 was whether s 99(1A) of the LTA entitled the
Plaintiffs to the easement claimed. If it did not, the Plaintiffs’ claims for
the other reliefs would fall away.

My Decision

23 Section 99 of the LTA, insofar as it is material to the case, reads:

**Implied easements for right of way and other rights shown in subdivision
plan**

**99.** —(1) Where the competent authority has **_approved the development and
subdivision of any land comprised in an estate_****before or after** 1st March
1994 **_and the subdivision plan has been submitted to the competent
authority_** , there shall be implied, in respect of each lot of the estate
which is used or intended to be used as a separate tenement, in favour of the
registered proprietor of the lot and as appurtenant thereto, all the easements
referred to in subsection (1A).

(1A) The easements which shall be implied under subsection (1) are all such
easements of way and drainage, for party wall purposes and for the supply of
water, gas, electricity, sewerage and telephone and other services to the lot
on, **_over or under the lands appropriated or set apart for those purposes
respectively on the subdivision plan submitted to the competent authority_**
relating to the estate, **_as may be necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of
the lot and of any building or part of a building at any time thereon_**.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

24 It is evident from the language of s 99(1) and s 99(1A) that these
statutory provisions have no application unless the competent authority has
approved _both_ the development and subdivision of the land over which the
easement is claimed. In this regard, the subdivision plan must also be
submitted to the competent authority.

25 In _Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 549 v Chew Eu Hock
Construction Co Pte Ltd_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 934 (“ _Chew Eu Hock Construction_
”), the Court of Appeal clarified (at [31]) that s 99(1) of the LTA did not
require both development and subdivision approvals to be given simultaneously.
Hence, the Court of Appeal held that s 99(1) applied in the case before it
even though development approval had been granted almost 10 years before
subdivision approval. Likewise, in _Cheng-Wong Mei Ling Theresa v Oei Hong
Leong_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 637 (“ _Oei Hong Leong_ ”), the Court of Appeal
reiterated (at [47]) that there was no need to show a link between subdivision
approval and development approval before an easement could be implied under s
99(1).

26 On the facts of the present case, I was satisfied that the approvals the
Third Defendant received from the BCA and the URA (see [7] above), for the
Addition and Alteration Works to be carried out on the Properties, fell within
the meaning of “development approval” under s 99(1). In this regard, I was
guided by the broad definition of “development” under the Planning Act (Cap
232, 1998 Rev Ed) which includes the “carrying out of any building,
engineering, mining, earthworks or other operations in, on, over or under
land”.

27 However, it was obvious to me that the true disagreement between parties
concerned the issue of whether, and more importantly when, subdivision
approval had been granted in respect of the Properties.

28 Counsel for the Plaintiffs, Mr George Pereira (“Mr Pereira”), submitted
that subdivision of the land on which the Properties were situate had occurred
on 19 June 1997. This was _after_ the BCA and URA had approved the Third
Defendant’s plans to carry out the Addition and Alteration Works on the
Properties. Mr Pereira said that the present case was akin to _Chew Eu Hock
Construction_ where subdivision had occurred after development approval was
obtained (see [25] above). To make good these contentions, Mr Pereira referred
me to the Certified Plan for Lot No TS 16-881P (_ie_ , the lot on which No 23
was situate) dated 19 June 1997 (“the 1997 CP”). According to Mr Pereira, the
1997 CP was the subdivision plan contemplated by ss 99(1) and 99(1A) of the
LTA.

29 Mr Pereira’s submissions were untenable on two grounds. First, Mr Pereira
was mistaken in his belief that the 1997 CP was the “subdivision plan”
contemplated by ss 99(1) and 99(1A) of the LTA. As counsel for the Third
Defendant, Mr Krishnasamy Siva Sabmo, correctly pointed out, the 1997 CP was
nothing more than a survey which showed _pre-existing_ subdivided lots. It was
not a plan submitted to the competent authority for subdivision approval.

30 The second reason, which is related to the first, was that it was plain
from the title documents adduced in evidence that subdivision of the land into
the lots upon which the Properties are currently situate had occurred _before_
the Third Defendant became the registered proprietor of the Properties. In
particular, I note that when the Certificate of Title for No 21 was registered
by the Third Defendants on 4 July 1995, No 21 was already situate on its
present lot, that is, Lot No TS 16-882T. The plan of Lot No TS 16-882T dated 6
July 1994 (“the 1994 CP”) that was annexed to the Certificate of Title for No
21 also showed that subdivision of the land on which the Properties are
situate had occurred by that time. For completeness, I should note that I was
also satisfied that the 1994 CP was likewise not the subdivision plan
contemplated in ss 99(1) and 99(1A) of the LTA.

31 It followed that the Plaintiffs had failed to produce the approved
subdivision plan in evidence. In this regard, reference may be made to _Andrew
John_ _Hanam v Lam Vui and another_ [2013] 4 SLR 554 (“ _Andrew John Hanam_ ”)
where Belinda Ang Saw Ean J expressed the view (at [29]) that:

…[I]n my view, the subdivision plan _must be tendered in evidence_ if there is
to be any reliance on an easement that is “appropriated or set apart” on the
subdivision plan … [emphasis added]

32 I agree with Ang J’s observations. This flows from the plain language of s
99(1A) of the LTA which states that an easement will only be implied “over or
under the lands _appropriated or set apart for those purposes respectively on
the subdivision plan_ submitted to the competent authority [emphasis added]”.

33 The importance of having the subdivision plan produced in evidence is even
clearer when regard is had to the phrase “appropriated or set apart for those
purposes” under s 99(1A).

34 To ascertain Parliament’s intent in using this phrase, counsel for the
First and Second Defendants, Mr Adrian Wong (“Mr Wong”), referred to the
Report of the Select Committee on the Land Titles Bill (Parl 3 of 1993) which
was presented to Parliament on 18 August 1993 (“the Report”). The Report
explained the effect of the proposed cl 99(1) of the Land Titles Bill (Bill No
36 of 1992) in the following terms (at [23]):

Clause 99 seeks to imply certain easements in respect of parts of an estate
**_where the approved subdivision plan for the estate contains_**** __a legend
indicating those easements and the dominant and servient tenements__**.
Examples of such easements are a right of way, a right to make connections to
electrical sub-stations and party wall rights. By this approach, there is no
need to describe the easements in clause 99 as they would be described in the
legend. [emphasis added in bold italics and underlined bold italics]

35 The proposed cl 99(1) was enacted as s 99(1) of the Land Titles Act (Act 27
of 1993), which is largely _in pari_ _materia_ with the present ss 99(1) and
99(1A) of the LTA.

36 In providing feedback on the proposed Bill, it would appear that the
Singapore Institute of Surveyors and Valuers (“the SISV”) had suggested that
the type of easements to be implied should be described within the proposed cl
99 instead of being set out in a legend endorsed on the approved subdivision
plan. The SISV suggested that because the majority of easements were in
respect of roads, electrical substations, septic tanks, drainage reserves and
party walls, the approval of the use of any lot as a road, or an electrical
subdivision and so forth in the subdivision plan should imply an easement for
corresponding rights of use. However, the Report, in rejecting this
suggestion, states as follows (at [24]):

The Committee sees some merit in the [SISV’s] approach. It is, however, **_not
feasible to imply a common set of easements for all developments_**. The
Committee therefore recommends that clause 99 describe the common easements
**_and these will be implied where indicated in the approved subdivision
plans_**. [emphasis added in bold italics]

37 Based on the relevant Parliamentary material, it was clear to me that for
an easement to be implied under s 99(1) of the LTA, it had to be both clearly
and specifically indicated on the approved subdivision plan (in the sense that
the subdivision plan must contain a legend describing the easement and the
dominant and servient tenements). In these circumstances, I was of the view
that the Plaintiffs’ failure to produce the subdivision plan was fatal to its
case.

38 Against the view stated above, Mr Pereira submitted that the court was
entitled to look at the development plans to determine whether an easement
should be implied under s 99(1) of the LTA. He pointed out that the No 23
Staircase was drawn on the plans approved by the BCA and the URA. Mr Pereira
cited the Court of Appeal decision in _Oei Hong Leong_ as authority for this
proposition.

39 In _Oei Hong Leong_ , two bungalows were developed on an undivided lot of
land. When they were developed, access to the public road for one of the
bungalows (“No 48”) was only through a short driveway over the land of the
other bungalow (“No 48A”). The lot of land on which the bungalows stood was
later subdivided and each bungalow then stood on a separate lot of land. When
the Certificates of Title in respect of the subdivided plots were issued, no
express easement of way was created. A dispute arose as to whether there was
an implied easement of way.

40 In this regard, the subdivision plan in _Oei Hong Leong_ showed that the
word “Access” was written on the part of the approved subdivision plan where
the northerly part of No 48 abutted No 48A. The approved subdivision plan,
however, did not mark out the land over which the access was to run. However,
there were plans annexed to the Certificates of Title for No 48 and No 48A
which marked out the part of No 48A which was to be used to give access to No
48. These plans showed that the path over which the easement of way was to run
had been marked out when the subdivision occurred. In these circumstances, the
Court of Appeal held (at [33]) that it was permissible to refer to the plans
annexed to the Certificates of Title and read them together with the
subdivision plan.

41 In my view, _Oei Hong Leong_ did not assist the Plaintiffs’ case. The
circumstances in _Oei Hong Leong_ were unlike those in this case as the
approved subdivision plan was adduced in evidence in _Oei Hong Leong_.
Moreover, the subdivision plan showed the word “Access” where No 48 abutted No
48A. It was in this context that the Court of Appeal held that it would be
permissible to read the subdivision plan together with the other plans
attached to the Certificates of Title. I did not think _Oei Hong Leong_ stood
for the proposition that the court was entitled to, as Mr Pereira seemed to
suggest, disregard the subdivision plan _altogether_ and consider the
development plan instead.

42 Even if I were wrong on this, in that the court could consider whether the
alleged easement was “appropriated or set apart” by only relying on the
development plan, the Plaintiffs’ claim remained untenable. In this regard, I
agreed with Mr Wong’s submission that s 99(1A) of the LTA did not entitle the
Plaintiffs to the easement claimed merely because the No 23 Staircase was
drawn on the development plan. Instead, keeping with the purposive
interpretation of the phrase “appropriated or set apart” that was discussed
above (at [34]–[37]), I was of the view that the development plan had to
_clearly and specifically indicate that the Plaintiffs were to have a right of
way over the No 23 Staircase_. This requirement was not satisfied in the
present case.

43 For completeness, I proceed to deal with the parties’ submissions as to the
meaning of the phrase “necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of the lot”
under s 99(1A) of the LTA. When parties first appeared before me, their
submissions were made on the footing that s 99(1) of the LTA had the effect of
implying an easement where this was necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of
the land.

44 Mr Pereira, for example, largely glossed over the requirement under s
99(1A) that the easement be “appropriated or set apart…on the subdivision plan
submitted to the competent authority”. Rather, he framed the issue as whether
access to the No 23 Staircase was necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of No
21 and No 21A.

45 Mr Wong, on the other hand, submitted that the English authorities on
implied easements at common law shed light on the meaning of the phrase
“necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of the lot” under s 99(1A) of the LTA.
I was first referred to the rule in _Wheeldon v Burrows_ (1879) 12 Ch D 31 (“
_Wheeldon_ ”) which Thesiger LJ stated as follows (at 49):

[O]n the grant by the owner of a tenement of part of that tenement as it is
then used and enjoyed, there will pass to the grantee all those continuous and
apparent easements (by which, of course, I mean _quasi_ easements), or, in
other words, _all those easements which are necessary to the reasonable
enjoyment of the property granted_ , and which have been and are at the time
of the grant used by the owners of the entirety for the part granted.
[emphasis added]

46 In _Wheeler and Another v JJ Saunders Ltd and Another_ [1996] 1 Ch 19 (“
_Wheeler_ ”), the English Court of Appeal applied the rule in _Wheeldon_ but
refused to imply an easement on the facts of the case. In that case, the
plaintiffs had bought a house that lay adjacent to a farm. The house and the
farm were previously in common ownership. There were two routes of access to
the house. One entered the property from a road eastward of it. The other
(referred to as “the south entrance” in the quotation below) ran over the farm
(“the Access Strip”). The defendants, who owned the farm, took the view that
the plaintiffs were not entitled to use the Access Strip and obstructed access
to it. The plaintiffs commenced proceedings against the defendants claiming
they had a right of way over the Access Strip. In dismissing the plaintiffs’
claim, Staughton LJ held (at 25):

For my part, I do not consider that the south entrance was necessary for the
reasonable enjoyment of Kingdown Farm House. The east entrance would do just
as well. It was said to be four inches or 10 centimetres narrower than the
south entrance. That was not critical. The gate at the south entrance, which
was usually shut, shows to my mind that it was not the main entrance and was
probably only used on rare occasions. I would therefore hold, differing from
the judge, that Dr. and Mrs. Wheeler acquired no right of way through the
south entrance.

47 In _Moncrieff and Another v Jamieson and Others_ [2007] 1 WLR 2620, Lord
Neuberger explained why it was important to focus on the requirements of
reasonableness and necessity (at [112]):

… Without the necessity, there would be a danger of imposing an uncovenanted
burden on the servient owner, based on little more that sympathy for the
dominant owner; without the reasonableness, there would be the danger of
imposing an unrealistically high hurdle for the dominant owner. …

48 Mr Wong also relied on several Australian authorities where the courts had
interpreted s 12(2) of the Subdivision Act 1988 (No 53 of 1988) (Vic) (“the
ASA”). Section 12(2) of the ASA reads as follows:

(2) Subject to subsection (3), there are implied—

(a) over—

(i) all the land on a plan of subdivision of a building; and

(ii) that part of a subdivision which subdivides a building; and

(iii) any land affected by an owners corporation; and

(iv) any land on a plan if the plan specifies that this subsection applies to
the land; and

(b) for the benefit of each lot and any common property—

all easements and rights necessary to provide—

…

(e) rights of way…

if the easement or right is necessary for the reasonable use and enjoyment of
the lot or the common property and is consistent with the reasonable use and
enjoyment of the other lots and the common property.

49 In _Body Corporate No 413424R v Peter James Sheppard & Anor_ [2008] VSCA
118 (“ _Sheppard_ ”), the Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of Victoria
considered the meaning of the phrase “necessary for the reasonable use and
enjoyment of the lot” as contained in s 12(2)(e) of the ASA. There, the
appellant, who was the body corporate of a residential building, brought an
action for a declaration that they were entitled to a right of way over a
penthouse owned by the respondents. Without the easement, the appellant’s
service personnel would have to walk up sixteen flights of stairs to gain
access to the roof of the apartment building. If the appellant was entitled to
the easement, then the service personnel would be able to take a lift to the
respondents’ apartment on the 14th floor and walk through the respondents’
apartment to gain access to the fire stairs leading to the roof.

50 The court in _Sheppard_ dismissed the appellant’s claim for an easement on
the ground that it was not _necessary_ for the reasonable use and enjoyment of
the common area. Although the alleged easement was a _preferable_ means of
access, the evidence showed that the service personnel could still carry out
their tasks adequately without using the easement. Pertinently, the court
approved (at [81]) the trial judge’s view that:

… “[N]ecessary” meant that the easement was essential to achieving the
specified function, in the sense that no alternative means of achieving the
relevant function was feasible or reasonably available. In determining whether
an alternative to the easement was reasonably available, all relevant
circumstances, including physical factors, legal restrictions, safety
considerations and cost should be considered.

51 Based on parties’ submissions and the authorities cited at the first
hearing, I directed that parties adduce expert evidence on the issue of
whether a staircase could be built within No 21. A site visit to No 21 and No
23 was also conducted. By the final hearing before me, it was no longer in
dispute that a staircase could indeed be built. To this end, I was satisfied
that an easement of way over the No 23 Staircase would not have been necessary
for the reasonable enjoyment of No 21.

52 However, upon further reflection on the issue, I took the view that the
authorities cited to me were not helpful in the interpretation of the phrase
“necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of the lot” under s 99(1A) of the LTA.

53 Under the rule in _Wheeldon_ , easements arise under English law by way of
necessary implication in the circumstances of the case. In this respect, the
rule in _Wheeldon_ is regarded as giving effect to the presumed common
intentions of the parties: Tan Sook Yee, Tang Hang Wu and Kelvin F K Low, _Tan
Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2009) at p
635. Section 12(2) of the ASA is similar in that easements may be implied over
subdivided land where the easement is necessary for the reasonable use and
enjoyment of the land. Unlike the rule in _Wheeldon_ , however, easements
under s 12(2) of the ASA are probably better regarded as being grounded in
public policy than the presumed intentions of the parties.

54 In contrast, the easements implied under s 99(1) of the LTA are of a
fundamentally different kind. As I noted earlier (at [42]), easements under s
99(1) of the LTA arise when they are clearly and specifically indicated on the
approved subdivision plan. In this regard, the terminology of an “implied
easement” may be somewhat misleading because s 99(1) effectively requires
parties to have expressly demarcated these easements on the approved
subdivision plan. Such easements are only “implied” to the extent that they
are not expressly granted and separately registered under the LTA.

55 It follows that the phrase “necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of the
lot” under s 99(1A) of the LTA must mean something different from what is
stated in the English and Australian authorities I have referred to above. In
_Andrew John Hanam_ , reference was made to _Boglari v Steiner School and
Kindergarten_ [2007] VSCA 58 (“ _Boglari_ ”) where the Court of Appeal of the
Supreme Court of Victoria considered the meaning of the same phrase in s 98 of
the Transfer of Lands Act 1958 (No 6399 of 1958) (Vic) (“the TLA”). This
provision, which is very similar to s 99(1A) of the LTA, reads:

**98\. Easements arising from plan of subdivision**

The proprietor of an allotment of land shown on an approved plan of
subdivision or a lot shown on a registered plan shall be entitled to the
benefit of the following easements which shall be and shall be deemed at all
times to have been appurtenant to the allotment or the lot, namely-

(a) **_all such easements of way and drainage and for party wall purposes and
for the supply of water gas electricity sewerage and telephone and other
services to the allotment or the lot on over or under the lands appropriated
or set apart for those purposes respectively on the plan of subdivision as may
be necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of the allotment or the lot and of
any building or part of a building at any time thereon_** …

(b) …

in all respects as if all such easements had been expressly granted.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

56 In _Boglari_ , Neave JA (at [30]) interpreted the phrase “necessary for the
reasonable enjoyment of the lot” contained in s 98 of the TLA in the following
manner:

… It seems to me that the statutory requirement that the easement of way be
necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of the lot _has a similar effect to the
test which applies in determining what amounts to reasonable access to the
dominant tenement, where the easement of way is created by an express grant,
which does not indicate an access or conclusion point for the easement_.
[emphasis added]

57 I found Neave JA’s reasoning to be persuasive. Like s 98 of the TLA, the
phrase “necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of the lot” under s 99 of the
LTA should similarly be read as imposing limits on the use of the easements
implied under that section. In contrast to the position under the common law,
s 99 should not be interpreted as a basis for implying an easement in the
first place. The Plaintiffs’ arguments seeking to establish an easement by way
of implication under s 99 of the LTA therefore failed in this regard.

58 Finally, I note that the _sui generis_ nature of easements implied under s
99 becomes more apparent when regard is had to the other provisions of the LTA
that concern easements.

59 The first is s 98 of the LTA. In _Chew Eu Hock Construction_ , the Court of
Appeal noted (at [29]–[30]) that there was considerable overlap between ss 98
and 99 of the LTA and described s 98 as dealing with “subdivision
_simpliciter_ ”. In this regard, s 98 operates to imply a specified set of
easements whenever there has been a subdivision of land, without the
requirement that the easements be “appropriated or set apart” on the approved
subdivision plan. However, it would not have assisted the Plaintiffs in the
present case because the section does not provide for the implication of
easements of way.

60 The second provision is s 97(1) of the LTA which reads:

**Registration necessary for creation of easements**

**97.** —(1) An _easement shall not be acquired over registered land by long-
continued user adverse to a proprietor, nor by prescription, nor by any
presumption of a lost grant, nor by any implication of law except as may be
provided in this Act_ ; but where an easement is intended to be created, the
proprietor may execute an instrument of grant in the approved form, or, if the
easement is being created incidentally to a transfer or lease, by appropriate
words in the transfer or lease.

[emphasis added]

61 Section 97(1) is pertinent because it largely abrogates the common law
relating to easements. This was the view of the Court of Appeal in _Chew Eu
Hock Construction_ where it held (at [41]) that s 97(1) did not permit an
easement to be created by implication under the rule in _Wheeler_ , except
where the easements arose before the land was brought under the LTA.

62 I conclude with the observation that counsel in future disputes on
easements under Singapore law should be mindful that the common law relating
to implied easements may not be all that helpful in the interpretation of s 99
of the LTA. Primacy should be accorded to the statutory text and context of s
99 and the local authorities interpreting this provision.

Conclusion

63 For these reasons, I dismissed OS 896 in the terms set out at [2] above.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Oct 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

