Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AEL and others _v_ Cheo Yeoh & Associates LLC and another  
[2014] SGHC 129

Case Number| :| Suit No 822 of 2011/E  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 July 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andrew Ho Yew Cheng (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for the
plaintiffs; Chandra Mohan Rethnam and Mrinalini Singh (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
the defendants.  
Parties| :|  AEL and others — Cheo Yeoh & Associates LLC and another  
  
2 July 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The late [X] (“the Testator”) was an Indonesian businessman who had made a
will (“the New Will”) for the distribution of his assets in Singapore. The New
Will was made with the legal assistance of the second defendant (“Cheo”), a
solicitor of the first defendant firm, and it was intended to replace an
earlier will (“the Old Will”) which the Testator had made jointly with his
wife who predeceased him. However, the New Will was later discovered to be
defective as it had been executed in the presence of only one witness, hence
failing to comply with s 6(2) of the Wills Act (Cap 352, 1996 Rev Ed). This
discovery was made only after the death of the Testator when an application
for probate was rejected. In the event, letters of administration were applied
for and granted and the Testator’s estate was, accordingly, distributed under
the Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146, 1985 Rev Ed) (“ISA”).

2 The 1st to 3rd plaintiffs are three of the Testator’s six children. The 4th
to 18th plaintiffs are the Testator’s 15 grandchildren. They are,
collectively, the disappointed beneficiaries under the New Will which they
claim was rendered defective because of Cheo’s negligence in properly
supervising its execution. Accordingly, they bring this action in tort to
claim, primarily, for damages equivalent to the difference in amount which
they would have received under the terms of the New Will and that which they
actually did receive under intestacy. Additionally, the plaintiffs also claim
for the reimbursement of expenses which they paid to Indonesian solicitors in
connection with their application for letters of administration.

3 After careful consideration, I am allowing the plaintiffs’ claim. I now
proceed to set out the facts in greater detail before providing the reasons
for my decision.

Background facts

The Testator and his family

4 The Testator was an Indonesian businessman who married one [Y] in
1954.[note: 1] He lived in Indonesia where he carried on, at various times, a
construction business[note: 2] as well as other businesses which traded in
goods such as flour, textiles and cigarettes.[note: 3] The Testator thus
accumulated a variety of assets in Indonesia during his lifetime which
included shophouses,[note: 4] pieces of land,[note: 5] monies in bank
accounts,[note: 6] and other personal effects. Importantly, he also had assets
in Singapore which consisted solely of monies held in various bank accounts.
It is with the distribution of these Singapore assets, specifically, that the
present dispute is concerned.

5 Together with his wife, the Testator has four sons—[S], [M], [D] and AEN—and
two daughters—AEL and AEM. Of these six children, only three are plaintiffs in
this suit, namely, AEL, AEM and AEN. They are named, in that order, as the 1st
to 3rd plaintiffs. While the Testator’s three other children are not parties
to this suit, I should mention here that they also have some involvement in
these proceedings. All three of them have sworn a joint affidavit[note: 7]
together with their plaintiff siblings while [M] and [D] also gave evidence at
the trial.

6 All the Testator’s children are adults in their fifties or sixties[note: 8]
and, with the exception of AEL, they currently reside in different parts of
Indonesia.[note: 9] AEL moved to Singapore in the mid-1980s[note: 10] and has
been living here since. She would thus help the Testator when he came to
Singapore to conduct his affairs, for example, by driving him to the
bank.[note: 11]

7 All the Testator’s children also have children of their own (_ie_ , the
Testator’s grandchildren). By the time this action was brought, the Testator
had a total of 15 grandchildren who are the 4th to 18th plaintiffs in this
suit.

The Old Will

8 The Testator executed the Old Will jointly with his wife in Singapore on 16
November 1990 to provide for the distribution of their assets in Singapore.
[note: 12] The Old Will stipulates that, upon the death of either the Testator
or his wife, it can be revoked by the surviving spouse. However, if the Old
Will is not so revoked, then the assets are to be distributed in the following
manner upon the death of the surviving spouse: 20% to AEN, 10% each to the
remaining five children, and 30% to be divided equally among all the
grandchildren.

The New Will

9 Some 14 years after the Old Will was made, the Testator’s wife passed away
on 29 January 2005.[note: 13] Thereafter, the Testator sought to revoke the
Old Will and alter the distribution contemplated therein by executing the New
Will. To that end, he sought the legal assistance of Cheo.

Correspondence prior to execution of the New Will

10 Cheo’s evidence is that, sometime in April 2006, the Testator made first
contact with him via a telephone call.[note: 14] During this telephone call,
the Testator and Cheo arranged for a face-to-face meeting at the office of
Citibank Singapore (“Citibank”) along Church Street to discuss the terms of
the New Will.[note: 15]

11 At the meeting in Citibank’s office, the Testator, who was accompanied by
AEL, told Cheo that the New Will was to provide for the distribution of his
assets in Singapore which consisted solely of monies in accounts with
Citibank. Importantly, it is common ground between the parties that the
Testator had also given a notarised copy of the Old Will[note: 16] to Cheo to
aid in the latter’s drafting of the New Will.[note: 17]

12 Subsequently, on 13 April 2006, Cheo sent the Testator and AEL a draft copy
of the New Will by facsimile and email respectively.[note: 18] Minor
amendments were made and the execution of the New Will was then arranged to
take place at Citibank’s office on 17 April 2006. According to Cheo’s account,
this arrangement to execute the New Will was made during a telephone
discussion which he had with AEL on 15 April 2006. Cheo stated that AEL first
asked if both she and Cheo could be witnesses to the execution of the New
Will. Cheo agreed to be a witness himself but advised AEL that she could not
be a second witness as she was a beneficiary under the New Will.[note: 19] It
was significant, according to Cheo, that AEL then proposed, either of her own
initiative or on instructions from the Testator, that the Testator would
procure one of the Citibank officers to be the other witness to the New Will’s
execution.[note: 20]

Execution of the New Will and its contents

13 On 17 April 2006, the Testator, again accompanied by AEL, met Cheo at
Citibank’s office as arranged. It is undisputed that the execution of the New
Will was then _solely_ witnessed by Cheo.[note: 21] Thereafter, Cheo rendered
the Testator an invoice[note: 22] for professional fees and disbursements
amounting to a total of $340 which the Testator duly paid.[note: 23]

14 I pause at this juncture to mention two points regarding the contents of
the New Will. First, the New Will, as drafted by Cheo, appointed both AEL and
AEN as the “sole [t]rustees” of the Testator’s estate. No executors have been
explicitly appointed as such. Second, the New Will provides that, upon the
Testator’s death, his estate is to be distributed in the following manner: 20%
each to the 1st to 3rd plaintiffs, 10% to [S], and 30% to be distributed
equally among all his grandchildren.[note: 24] Essentially, the difference
between this distribution and that under the Old Will (at [8] above) is that
the Testator intended to completely disinherit two of his sons, namely [M] and
[D], of their 10% shares in his estate while, at the same time, increasing the
shares of each of his two daughters by 10%. The shares of [S], AEN and the
Testator’s grandchildren remain unaffected. I summarise these differences in
distribution in a tabular form here:

|  Testator’s children |  Testator’s grandchildren  
---|---|---  
[M] |  [D] |  [S] |  AEL (1st Pf) |  AEM (2nd Pf) |  AEN (3rd Pf) |  4th to 18th Pfs  
**Old Will** |  10% |  10% |  10% |  10% |  10% |  20% |  30%  
**New Will** |  0% |  0% |  10% |  20% |  20% |  20% |  30%  
+/- |  -10% |  -10% |  - |  +10% |  +10% |  - |  -  
  
  

Correspondence subsequent to execution of the New Will

15 After the New Will was executed, Cheo did not have any further direct
communication with the Testator.[note: 25] However, he did inform AEL by email
two days later that he had notified the relevant authorities about the New
Will’s execution and that she should convey this to her father. [note: 26]
This was the final correspondence between AEL and Cheo until after the
Testator’s death.[note: 27]

Death of the Testator

16 The Testator died some four years later on 24 November 2010[note: 28] and
AEL communicated this news to Cheo on 2 December 2010.[note: 29]

The rejected application for letters of probate

17 Cheo advised AEL that an application would have to be made for letters of
probate on the New Will[note: 30] and such application was subsequently filed
on 22 March 2011.[note: 31] However, the application was rejected as the New
Will had been executed before only one witness, _viz_ , Cheo himself.[note:
32] This did not comply with s 6(2) of the Wills Act which prescribes that, to
be valid, a will must be executed before two or more witnesses present at the
same time.

18 Cheo duly informed AEL of the rejected application on 5 May 2011 before
advising her on her options.[note: 33] This included applying for letters of
administration and Cheo subsequently set out the necessary steps for such an
application in his email of 9 May 2011.[note: 34] In particular, one of the
steps which Cheo included in his advice was that an affidavit of foreign law
by Indonesian solicitors was required for a variety of reasons.[note: 35] The
plaintiffs claim that, acting upon this advice, AEN then engaged an Indonesian
law firm, Messrs Sura & Kantor Hukum Associates (“the Indonesian Firm”), which
charged a total of 50m rupiah for its services.[note: 36]

The successful application for letters of administration

19 Cheo’s evidence is that he ceased acting for AEL and AEN on or around 20
May 2011 as they had gone on to engage a new solicitor for the application of
letters of administration.[note: 37] The new solicitor in question is one Siaw
Kheng Boon (“Siaw”) who testified under subpoena that he had applied for
letters of administration since the New Will was invalid.[note: 38]
Subsequently, this application was granted by the High Court of Singapore on 7
September 2011 in Originating Summons Probate No P265 of 2011/X.[note: 39]

Distribution of the Testator’s estate

20 The Testator’s estate in Singapore, comprising solely of monies in his
Citibank accounts, totalled AUD$1,798,888.12 at his death.[note: 40] According
to the plaintiffs, this entire sum has since been withdrawn and distributed in
accordance with the ISA. Accordingly, the Testator’s children have each
received an equal one-sixth share or, in percentage terms, 16.67% of the
Testator’s estate. The Testator’s grandchildren, on the other hand, received
nothing from the intestate distribution. The result of this distribution is
that, when compared to the terms of the New Will, [M], [D] and [S]
(collectively “the Unintended Beneficiaries”) experience a windfall, whereas
their plaintiff siblings (ie, the 1st to 3rd plaintiffs) and the Testator’s
grandchildren (ie, the 4th to 18th plaintiffs) suffer loss of varying degrees
which total 39.99% of the Testator’s estate. This is reflected in the table
below:

|  Testator’s children |  Testator’s grandchildren  
---|---|---  
[M] |  [D] |  [S] |  AEL (1st Pf) |  AEM (2nd Pf) |  AEN (3rd Pf) |  4th to 18th Pfs  
**New Will** |  0% |  0% |  10% |  20% |  20% |  20% |  30%  
**ISA** |  16.67% |  16.67% |  16.67% |  16.67% |  16.67% |  16.67% |  0%  
+/- |  +16.67% |  +16.67% |  +6.67% |  -3.33% |  -3.33% |  -3.33% |  -30%  
|  Total loss of Pfs = _39.99%_  
  
  

21 The plaintiffs’ claim for the loss of 39.99% of the Testator’s estate
amounts to AUD$719,375.36.

The parties’ cases

22 At this juncture, it is appropriate to set out the parties’ respective
cases in sufficient detail so as to identify the issues that have to be
contended with.

The plaintiffs’ case

23 The plaintiffs’ case lies exclusively in the tort of negligence. It begins
with the claim that Cheo owes them a duty of care supervising the New Will’s
execution. In this regard, the plaintiffs urge me to follow various other
jurisdictions which have recognised that a solicitor who is responsible for
preparing a will does owe a duty to the beneficiaries to take reasonable care
in discharging his duties towards the testator client.

24 Next, the plaintiffs submit that this duty has clearly been breached here
since the New Will was not executed before two or more witnesses as required
under the Wills Act.[note: 41] Alternatively, the plaintiffs allege that Cheo
has also breached this duty by drafting the New Will without explicitly
appointing AEL and AEN as executors but naming them as “trustees”
instead.[note: 42] These breaches, it is claimed, has caused the plaintiffs
their loss of 39.99% of the Testator’s estate.

25 Finally, the plaintiffs also seek reimbursement of the sum of 50m rupiah
since it would have been unnecessary to engage the Indonesian Firm had the New
Will been validly executed in the first place.[note: 43]

The defendants’ case

26 The defendants dispute the plaintiffs’ claim on two main grounds.

27 First, the defendants deny that Cheo’s retainer with the Testator extends
to ensuring the proper _execution_ of the New Will. Cheo claims that he had
been engaged only to assist in _drafting_ the New Will. In any event, the
defendants argue that Cheo should be recognised as owing a duty of care only
to the Testator with whom he had a retainer but not to the plaintiffs who
stand as third parties to that solicitor-client relationship. The defendants
acknowledge that they are advocating a contrary position to what other
jurisdictions have preferred but stress that those decisions have now to be
analysed within the two-stage framework for approaching the duty question as
formulated by the Court of Appeal in _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v
Defence Science & Technology Agency_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“ _Spandeck_ ”). In
that regard, it is submitted that no proximity subsists between Cheo and the
plaintiffs since Cheo dealt only with the Testator and not the plaintiffs.
Moreover, pertinent policy considerations as suitably exemplified by this case
also negates a _prima facie_ duty even if it does arise.[note: 44]

28 Second, the defendants submit that the New Will’s invalidity does not
inexorably mean that the Testator’s estate then has to be distributed in
strict accordance with the rules of intestacy. The plaintiffs can come to an
agreement amongst themselves to distribute the Testator’s estate according to
_the New Will_ despite the intervention of intestate law.[note: 45] In that
event, no loss will be suffered. Alternatively, the plaintiffs can avoid the
operation of intestacy altogether by admitting into probate a copy of _the Old
Will[note: 46]_ which the plaintiffs are themselves able to produce in these
proceedings. In that event, the plaintiffs’ loss will only be a fraction of
the sum that is claimed in this action.

29 As for the further claim of 50m rupiah, the defendants deny liability for
this alleged loss.[note: 47]

Issues

30 It is trite that a claimant can succeed in a negligence action only if he
is able to establish that (a) the defendant owes him a duty of care; (b) the
defendant has breached that duty; and (c) such breach has caused loss which is
not too remote. In the present case, there are issues which emerge for my
consideration under each of these elements of the tort as is clear from the
parties’ respective submissions. These issues may be categorised as follows:

(a) _Duty of care_ : Whether Cheo’s retainer with the Testator extends to
ensuring the proper _execution_ of the New Will and, if so, whether Cheo owes
a duty to _the plaintiffs_ to take reasonable care in supervising such
execution.

(b) _Breach_ : Whether Cheo has breached this duty by allowing the New Will to
be executed in the presence of only one witness and/or by drafting it without
explicitly appointing executors.

(c) _Causation_ : Whether the plaintiffs’ loss is caused by their own failure
to distribute the Testator’s estate according to the New Will or the Old Will.

(d) _Loss_ : Whether the plaintiffs can claim for the loss of 50m rupiah
incurred in hiring the Indonesian Firm.

31 I propose to deal with these issues in turn.

Duty of care

The scope of the duty of care

The scope of the duty must be determined by reference to the scope of Cheo’s
retainer with the Testator

32 Before considering the legal question whether Cheo owes a duty of care to
the plaintiffs, the precise _scope_ of that duty must first be delineated as a
matter of fact. On this latter point, both parties here proceed on the basis
that reference must be had to the scope of Cheo’s retainer with the Testator.
In other words, the parties impliedly agree that Cheo cannot be made liable
towards the plaintiffs for the negligent performance of certain tasks if Cheo
had not been engaged by the Testator to perform those tasks in the first
place.

33 I begin by noting that such an approach towards defining the possible duty
of care which a solicitor owes to a third party has been described by the
Court of Appeal as making “eminent sense” in the recent decision of _Anwar
Patrick Adrian and another v Ng Chong & Hue LLC and another_ [2014] SGCA 34 (“
_Anwar_ ”). This appears from the following passage of _Anwar_ where Andrew
Phang Boon Leong JA, delivering the judgment of the court, stated as follows
(at [119]):

… _[T]he solicitor’s duty to the third party in these situations is to take
reasonable care in performing his original undertakings to the client. It is,
in other words, the same duty of care that the solicitor owed to their client.
This makes eminent sense for it is the solicitor’s failure to carry out his
client’s instructions, or to perform his undertakings with care, that results
in the harm to the third party._ The only expectation that the third party can
reasonably have as against the solicitor is for the latter to take reasonable
care in carrying out his duties owed to the client. _Put simply, the_**
_content_** _of the duty of care owed by the solicitor to the third party must
– in the absence of an express or implied retainer between them – necessarily
be ascertained by reference to the duty of care which the solicitor owes to
the client itself_ …

[emphasis added in italics; original emphasis in bold italics]

34 _Anwar_ is significant not only for the above observation but also for
several others which, as will become apparent, greatly inform the duty of care
analysis which is undertaken below. I will therefore revert to _Anwar_ in much
greater detail in due course. However, I take the opportunity at this point to
mention that _Anwar_ was released only after the parties had tendered their
closing submissions and replies. Arguments relating to the impact of _Anwar_
on the present case were thus not canvassed before me, but I do not see a need
to request for further submissions to assist me on this point.

The scope of the duty extends to the proper execution of the New Will

35 While the parties agree that the scope of Cheo’s duty to the plaintiffs is
coterminous with the scope of Cheo’s retainer with the Testator, they diverge
in their arguments as to what precisely Cheo had been engaged to perform. In
this connection, the plaintiffs argue that Cheo was engaged to draft _and_
execute the New Will whereas the defendants assert that Cheo was engaged
_only_ to draft the New Will. If the defendants’ assertion is correct, then
they will escape liability for the defective execution which occurred here.

36 I am not convinced by the defendants as their assertion does not seem to
accord with one’s ordinary conceptions of the solicitor-client relationship in
the context of will-making. To my mind, when a layperson engages a solicitor
for the purpose of preparing a will, his foremost concern is on the end-
product—a will that properly records down his or her testamentary intentions
and which is fully valid in the eyes of the law—rather than on the precise
tasks which the solicitor has to perform to achieve that end. Though the
testator client may be able to appreciate that the solicitor performs a series
of discrete tasks in respect of the will’s preparation— _eg_ , conducting
meetings with the client, understanding fully the client’s instructions,
advising the client on the implications of making the will, examining relevant
documents, drafting the will, checking with the client if the contents of the
will as drafted accords with the client’s testamentary intentions, and finally
executing the will—the client’s central concern with the end-product means
that he is not likely to view all these various aspects of the solicitor’s
work as distinct but, rather, as constituting a bundle of services, the
holistic discharge of which is necessary for proper and effective will-making.
That, however, is not to say that it is impossible for a testator to instruct
the solicitor to discharge only certain specific obligations. After all, the
scope of a solicitor’s duty to his client will vary from one factual matrix to
another (see _Anwar_ at [127]). All that I intend to convey is that a scenario
whereby the solicitor is only engaged to draft a will but not see to its valid
execution does not appear to be one that will often occur in light of the
realities of will-making that I have just described.

37 Even if the general view which I have just expressed is mistaken, I am
nevertheless convinced by several salient facts in the present case which
sufficiently bear out that Cheo had been engaged to assist not only in
drafting the New Will but also in ensuring its proper execution.

38 First, Cheo confirms on cross-examination that he had rendered an invoice
of $340 to the Testator only _after_ witnessing the execution of the New Will
and, further, that this amount was charged for all work done up to that
point.[note: 48] This is a clear indication to me that Cheo was, and indeed
understood himself to be, retained by the Testator not only to draft the New
Will but also to ensure that it was properly executed. Otherwise, there would
have been no need for Cheo to attend the execution of the New Will and seek
payment only after this had occurred.

39 Second, I also find the contents of the invoice rendered by Cheo to be
helpful in revealing the scope of his retainer with the Testator. In
particular, the invoice states that the first defendant’s professional charges
in respect of the Testator’s matter included, _inter alia_ , “attendances” and
“all incidental work necessary for carrying out the business entrusted to us”.
It is conceded by Cheo during cross-examination that these terms as they
appear in the invoice include the witnessing and execution of the New
Will.[note: 49]

40 Third, I also note that after the execution of the New Will, Cheo proceeded
to notify the relevant authorities about this despite not having received any
instructions from the Testator to do so. He took this further step of his own
initiative. Cheo explains that this is “normally” done “as part of the service
… when someone makes a will”.[note: 50] This explanation given by Cheo
suggests that he himself is of the view that there is nothing exceptional in
his engagement by the Testator and that he thus set out to discharge the
normal suite of services which are provided to will-making clients. As I have
sought to explain, such services are not ordinarily confined only to the
drafting of a will and, indeed, Cheo’s attendance during the New Will’s
execution and subsequent notification of the relevant authorities support this
view. Cheo’s claim that he had been instructed _only_ in respect of the
drafting of the New Will is therefore contradicted by his own acts and
explanations.

41 In light of the above, I find that Cheo’s retainer with the Testator
includes the proper drafting _and_ execution of the New Will.

The imposition of the duty of care

42 Having determined the precise _scope_ of Cheo’s retainer, I now consider
whether it is justified as a matter of law to impose a duty of care in
drafting and executing the New Will which is owed not only to the Testator but
also to the plaintiffs, as third parties and beneficiaries under the New Will.
Once again, the parties are agreed on the proper approach towards determining
this latter issue. There is rightly no dispute that an analysis of whether
such a duty of care should be imposed must be conducted within the two-stage
framework set out in _Spandeck_. This approach proceeds first with an inquiry
into proximity and then calls for a consideration of relevant policy
considerations. As a threshold matter, though, both stages are preceded by an
assessment of factual foreseeability (see _Spandeck_ at [73]).

Factual foreseeability

43 In my view, the threshold of factual foreseeability is easily overcome in
the present case. Cheo is engaged for the proper drafting and execution of the
New Will. The New Will is the instrument used by the Testator to bequeath his
assets in Singapore to the plaintiffs. If this instrument is invalid and
measures can no longer be taken to rectify it, then, it is clear that the
bequests will fail, thereby resulting in financial loss to the plaintiffs. The
Court of Appeal’s following observation in _Anwar_ (at [142]) is most
apposite:

It is patently foreseeable that a solicitor’s failure to take reasonable care
in performing instructions under a retainer which, if performed properly would
provide a benefit or negative a detriment to a third party, will result in
harm to the third party. The connection between the undertaking and the third
party is so direct and strong that a failure to perform the undertaking with
care would in most, if not all, cases some form of harm to the third party.

44 In my judgment, therefore, it is clearly unarguable that a reasonable
solicitor in Cheo’s position will have foreseen the possibility of loss being
suffered by the plaintiffs due to the negligent discharge of his undertaking
to the Testator.

Proximity

45 My attention now turns to the nub of the dispute in the present case, which
is whether sufficient proximity exists between Cheo and the plaintiffs such as
to give rise to a _prima facie_ duty of care under the first stage of
_Spandeck_. In this respect, the plaintiffs place much reliance, among other
authorities, on the seminal English case of _White and another v Jones and
another_ [1995] 2 AC 207 (“ _White (HL)_ ”) where it was held that a solicitor
did owe a duty of care towards the disappointed beneficiaries of a will. The
defendants, however, contend that the _outcome_ in _White (HL)_ should not be
followed as the _reasoning_ adopted there cannot be accommodated within the
_Spandeck_ two-stage framework. As the decision in _White (HL)_ has since been
the subject of thorough scrutiny by the Court of Appeal in _Anwar_ , the
parties’ submissions must, accordingly, be dealt with in light of this new
judicial development.

46 Despite the unquestionable importance of _Anwar_ , I defer my discussion on
it to a later part of this judgment as I consider it beneficial to first set
out the decision in _White (HL)_ and the parties’ respective submissions in
greater detail. This will, I hope, allow for a better appreciation of how the
Court of Appeal’s observations in _Anwar_ impact upon the current dispute.

(1) The House of Lords’ decision in _White v Jones_

47 The facts in _White (HL)_ do not, like the present case, involve the
defective execution of a will. Rather, _White (HL)_ concerned the dilatory
implementation of a testator’s instructions in drawing up a will. Nothing,
however, turns upon this factual distinction. In both cases, the intentions of
the testator client were not carried into effect because of some fault on the
part of solicitors whose assistance was engaged for that purpose. And, in both
cases, the disappointed beneficiaries claimed that they suffered loss which
resulted in a negligence action being brought against the solicitor to recover
the same.

48 In _White (HL)_ , a testator made a will disinheriting two of his daughters
after a family quarrel. Subsequently, he reconciled with them and instructed
the defendant solicitors to prepare a new will under which each daughter would
be bequeathed £9,000. The defendants, however, delayed carrying out the
testator’s instructions and the testator subsequently died without the new
will being made. The unrevoked old will thus governed the distribution of the
testator’s estate and his two daughters received nothing. The two daughters,
accordingly, sued the defendant solicitors to recover the total loss of
£18,000. The House of Lords held by a bare majority of 3 to 2 that the
defendants did owe a duty of care to the disappointed beneficiaries and
allowed recovery of the total loss claimed.

49 Lord Goff of Chieveley, who delivered the leading majority judgment,
encountered no little difficulty in reaching the conclusion that a duty of
care did exist. He noted (at 257A and 261B–C) that the case at hand involved a
claim for pure economic loss which was generally not recoverable unless there
was shown to be an assumption of responsibility by the defendant and,
concomitantly, reliance by the claimant, twin principles which were embraced
in _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd_ [1964] 1 AC 465 (“ _Hedley
Byrne_ ”) in the context of establishing liability for negligent
misstatements. Lord Goff thus disagreed with Sir Robert Megarry VC who—though
similarly finding in the earlier case of _Ross v Caunters_ [1980] 1 Ch 297 (“
_Ross_ ”) that a duty of care was owed by a solicitor to a disappointed
beneficiary under a defective will—had reached that destination via a
different route. In _Ross_ , Megarry VC preferred to base his finding of a
duty of care on a direct application of the test for physical loss established
by Lord Atkin in _M’Alister (or Donoghue) (Pauper) v Stevenson_ [1932] AC 562
(“ _Donoghue v Stevenson_ ”), concluding (at 322H–323A) that liability may be
imposed upon a solicitor based upon the mere foreseeability of harm to a
beneficiary that might result from his negligence. That, however, was
described by Lord Goff in _White (HL)_ to be an insufficient control mechanism
for imposing liability (at 257E–F; see also _Anwar_ at [67] and [74]).

50 Although Lord Goff was clear in his mind that the relevant principles to be
applied in _White (HL)_ emanated from _Hedley Byrne_ rather than _Donoghue v
Stevenson_ , the problem is, as the Court of Appeal noted in _Anwar_ (at
[70]), that _Hedley Byrne_ is “not directly engaged on the facts”. This is
because it bordered on artificiality to assert that a solicitor had assumed
responsibility towards beneficiaries with whom he ordinarily would have had no
direct contact or, conversely, to claim that those same beneficiaries had
relied upon the proper discharge of professional obligations by a solicitor
whom they ordinarily would have no knowledge of (see _White (HL)_ at 262B–D).

51 However, notwithstanding Lord Goff’s recognition that the factual matrix
before him stood beyond the reach of the principles in _Hedley Byrne_ , he was
unwilling to leave the two daughters in that case without a meaningful remedy.
He was influenced by what he perceived to be a “lacuna” in the law which he
succinctly described thus (at 259H–260A):

In the forefront stands the extraordinary fact that, if such a duty is not
recognised, the only persons who might have a valid claim (i.e., the testator
and his estate) have suffered no loss, and the only person who has suffered a
loss (i.e., the disappointed beneficiary) has no claim … It can therefore be
said that, if the solicitor owes no duty to the intended beneficiaries, there
is a lacuna in the law which needs to be filled. This I regard as being a
point of cardinal importance in the present case.

52 This “lacuna” in the law was considered together with other wider
considerations, such as the significance of legacies to citizens and the role
of solicitors in society, to give rise to what Lord Goff described (at 260B–G)
as the “strong impulse for practical justice”. This impulse for practical
justice loomed large in Lord Goff’s judgment and it appeared, ultimately, to
drive him to “fashion” (at 260G) a remedy in tort for the disappointed
beneficiaries. This remedy was devised through an “extension” of the _Hedley
Byrne_ principles in this way (at 268D):

… In my opinion … your Lordships' House should in cases such as these extend
to the intended beneficiary a remedy under the _Hedley Byrne_ principle by
holding that the assumption of responsibility by the solicitor towards his
client should be held in law to extend to the intended beneficiary who (as the
solicitor can reasonably foresee) may, as a result of the solicitor's
negligence, be deprived of his intended legacy in circumstances in which
neither the testator nor his estate will have a remedy against the solicitor.
…

(2) The parties’ submissions regarding _White (HL)_

53 The plaintiffs in the present case naturally urge me to endorse the
decision in _White (HL)_. They point to the justice of the outcome reached
there[note: 51] and also emphasise a passage in Lord Goff’s judgment (at
255A–E) where the weight of authority across various common and civil law
jurisdictions— _eg_ , New Zealand, Canada, the United States of America,
Germany, France and the Netherlands—was surveyed and found to show a clear
trend towards the imposition of liability on solicitors in similar
circumstances.[note: 52] In fact, to that list of jurisdictions may now be
added Australia as the High Court there has since ruled in favour of imposing
liability on solicitors in the important case of _Hill (trading as R F Hill &
Associates) v Van Erp_ (1997) 142 ALR 687 (“ _Van Erp_ ”) which will be
discussed below (see [87]–[89]).

54 However, as alluded to earlier (at [45] above), the defendants urge me to
look beyond simply the outcome in _White (HL)_ and to inspect its reasoning.
The defendants submit that, in this regard, it is clear from Lord Goff’s
judgment that English law has been developed along a path carved out through
the sheer force of _policy_ imperatives.[note: 53] Lord Goff himself had
openly struggled with the applicability of conventional principles, seemingly
unable to rationalise how a solicitor (such as Cheo) could be said to stand in
a sufficiently proximate relationship _vis-à-vis_ the beneficiaries under a
will (such as the plaintiffs). The crux of the defendants’ argument,
therefore, is that the policy-driven approach adopted by Lord Goff sits
uncomfortably with the _Spandeck_ two-stage framework which requires the duty
question in Singapore to be answered by _first_ inquiring into whether the
claimant and the alleged tortfeasor are in a sufficiently proximate
relationship, and _only if_ this is answered affirmatively can policy
considerations then come into play at the _second_ stage of the analysis for
the purpose of negating a _prima facie_ duty of care.[note: 54] Put simply,
the defendants argue that there is good reason not to follow the trend in
England and in other jurisdictions because approaching the duty question from
the perspective of policy as the driver in the analysis effectively puts the
cart before the horse insofar as the _Spandeck_ test is concerned.

55 In order to preserve the integrity of _Spandeck’s_ analytical framework,
the defendants then submit that this court should refrain from turning it on
its head just so that the exceptional policy-based reasoning in _White (HL)_
can be accommodated. Proximity should take centre stage at the first stage of
the inquiry and, in this regard, the defendants argue that the twin criteria
of assumption of responsibility and reliance must necessarily be resorted to,
this being a case involving pure economic loss. Adopting that approach, one
runs into the same difficulties which Lord Goff encountered in strictly
applying the _Hedley Byrne_ principle. However, shorn of the policy reasoning
which Lord Goff had availed himself of in _White (HL)_ , the defendants argue
that this court is constrained to deny that there is sufficient proximity on
the facts here.

56 The defendants’ submissions as set out above clearly raise interesting
questions of law. I am able to distil two which, logically, flow in this
manner:

(a) First, whether, policy considerations may, exceptionally, drive the
imposition of a duty of care under the _Spandeck_ framework.

(b) If not, then whether Lord Goff’s recognition of an “extended” assumption
of responsibility for imposing liability on solicitors towards third parties
in _White (HL)_ was indeed founded solely upon considerations of _policy_
(with the result that it _cannot_ be accommodated under the _Spandeck_
framework) or, alternatively, whether it can properly be rationalised as
embodying notions of _proximity_ (with the result that it _can_ be reasoned
within the _Spandeck_ framework).

57 Both of these issues were considered to varying degrees by the Court of
Appeal in _Anwar_ and so it is timely to now turn to consider that decision.

(3) The Court of Appeal’s decision in _Anwar_

58 _Anwar_ did not involve a solicitor’s failure to carry into effect his
client’s testamentary intentions which then resulted in a claim by
disappointed beneficiaries. In that specifically defined sense, _Anwar_
presented a different factual scenario from that which gave rise to _White v
Jones (HL)_ and this dispute. However, on a somewhat broader and more
abstracted plane, _Anwar_ is no different from these “wills cases” because the
facts there also directly raise the same issues of whether, and if so when, a
solicitor can be said to owe a duty to third parties to take reasonable care
when discharging obligations towards his client. The discussion of these
issues in _Anwar_ is therefore directly relevant to the present dispute
despite there being an observable difference in factual matrices at a more
granular level. With that in mind, I proceed to set out the facts in _Anwar_.

59 In _Anwar_ , one Agus had pledged certain shares with a bank as part of a
credit facility but, when the stock markets crashed, the value of his
collateral likewise crashed. The bank later sold off some of the pledged
shares but this still left a significant shortfall. The bank thus demanded
that Agus either make payment of this shortfall or provide collateral of the
same value. It was at this point that Agus then approached the defendant
solicitor, Ng, to act for him.

60 Negotiations subsequently took place between Ng and the bank’s solicitors,
Allen & Gledhill LLP (“A&G”). The bank’s initial proposal was for Agus to
procure mortgages over four properties. Two of these properties were each held
by Agus’s two young sons, Adrian and Francis, who were the claimants in the
dispute. The remaining two properties were held by companies of which Adrian
was the sole shareholder and director. As a further aspect of the bank’s
initial proposal, the respective owners of the four properties were each
required to provide personal and corporate guarantees. On Agus’s instructions,
Ng informed A&G that Agus was agreeable to this proposal, _except_ for the
condition that required his two sons to provide personal guarantees. In A&G’s
reply, the bank agreed to put this requirement for personal guarantees on hold
provided that Agus satisfied other requirements. However, he did not, and the
bank proceeded to demand repayment.

61 In light of the bank’s renewed demand, Agus offered a further proposal. The
bank deemed this proposal inadequate but made a counter-proposal involving the
provision of additional security and which, significantly, did not require
Agus’s sons to provide personal guarantees. A forbearance agreement drafted on
the basis of this counter-proposal was thus sent by A&G to Ng for execution by
Agus, his two sons, and the companies which owned the properties that were to
be mortgaged. However, two of the relevant accompanying documents—which
concerned the mortgage of the properties held personally by Agus’s two
sons—contained a _personal guarantee clause_. This clause provided that the
mortgagor of the property shall pay the bank on demand all sums due and owed
to the bank by Agus.

62 Ng did not advise Agus or his sons on the presence and implication of the
personal guarantee clause before the relevant documents were signed by them.
It was Ng’s failure to do so which formed the subject of the negligence action
by Agus’s sons against him in _Anwar_. This action was brought because Agus
was still not able to meet his obligations to the bank even after the
provision of additional security and his two sons, who were sued on the
personal guarantee clause, had to settle the claim against them for $1m.

63 The claim against Ng by Agus’s two sons proceeded both in contract and in
tort. First, they argued that there was, in contract, an implied retainer
between themselves and Ng which was breached by Ng’s failure to advise them on
the personal guarantee clause. Second, they argued that Ng owed them a duty of
care in tort and that his conduct was in breach of that duty. Both arguments
failed at first instance in the High Court (see _Anwar Patrick Adrian and
another v Ng Chong & Hue LLC and another_ [2013] SGHC 202 at [12]).

64 The appeal by Agus’s sons, however, was allowed. The Court of Appeal first
considered the contractual argument and observed (at [51]–[61]) that even
though Ng had not directly advised Agus’s sons, the circumstances were such
that it was fair to hold that an implied retainer had arisen between them. The
Court of Appeal therefore allowed the appeal on the basis that this implied
retainer had been breached but, recognising (at [61]) that the alternative
argument in tort presented “novel and intricate issues of law in the Singapore
context”, the court went on to consider “what the situation would be if there
had been no implied retainer”. In particular, the key issue framed there (at
[64]) was “whether there can be a duty of care in tort owing by Ng to the
Appellants that is _independent of_ any implied retainer” [original emphasis].

65 It is the Court of Appeal’s observations in this latter context that is of
immediate relevance to the present case which is similarly concerned with
whether a solicitor (Cheo) can owe a duty of care to third parties (the
plaintiffs) in the absence of an underlying contractual relationship.
Ultimately, the Court of Appeal held in _Anwar_ that such a duty can be owed.
However, it is manner by which the court arrived at this pronouncement which
is most illuminating. The Court of Appeal in its detailed analysis of _White
(HL)_ was able to rationalise Lord Goff’s decision within the first-stage of
the _Spandeck_ framework, and went on to elucidate the proximity factors which
are relevant in assessing the relationship between solicitors and third
parties. In so doing, the Court of Appeal squarely considered the questions of
law raised by the defendants’ submissions here. What follows, therefore, is a
point-by-point identification of the salient observations made by the Court of
Appeal in _Anwar_ and a discussion of how these observations relate to the
present case.

(4) The Court of Appeal’s observations in _Anwar_

(A) IT IS INADVISABLE FOR POLICY TO DRIVE THE ANALYSIS IN _SPANDECK_

66 As outlined above (at [56]), the first question which the defendants’
submissions raised is whether the _Spandeck_ framework is malleable enough to
allow policy considerations to drive the duty analysis even though it
ordinarily belongs at the second stage of the inquiry. To this, the Court of
Appeal specifically stated in _Anwar_ (at [92]) that “ _it is inadvisable
(given its very nature) to focus on policy in the first instance_ , although
it still has a role to play under the second stage of the two-stage test in
_Spandeck_ ” [emphasis added]. This led the Court of Appeal to comment that,
even though the suggestion that _White (HL)_ was a policy-based decision is
“very interesting and not without force”, it is preferable to rationalise that
decision “along rather more conventional reasoning which focuses on the
_first_ stage of [_Spandeck_] instead (relating to _proximity_ …)” [emphasis
original].

67 I focus, for the moment, on the Court of Appeal’s first observation, _viz_
, that policy ought not to be the immediate focus in the _Spandeck_ inquiry. I
leave till later the question of how the Court of Appeal was able to
rationalise _White (HL)_ as a decision based on the principles of proximity.

68 In my view, the Court of Appeal’s caution that it is “inadvisable” to treat
policy as the focal point in the _Spandeck_ inquiry is sound. In this regard,
the court had parenthetically suggested that _the “very nature” of policy_
made it unsuitable for this purpose. While the court did not elaborate on what
it was alluding to, I note, nevertheless, that there is a clear statement in
_Spandeck_ itself (at [84]) which explicates the main deficiency with policy-
driven reasoning thus: “[T]he obvious objection to utilising policy as the
overarching determinant of liability is _its potential to result in arbitrary
decisions_ ” [emphasis added].

69 The manifold reasons why policy-driven reasoning conduces towards
arbitrariness have been canvassed by Christian Witting in his insightful
article “Duty of Care: An Analytical Approach” (2005) 25(1) Oxford J Legal
Studies 33. Witting therefore argues for the “priority of proximity” over
policy in determining duty, the thrust of which is evident in the following
passage (at p 62):

... _The reason for according priority to proximity is simple. It is based
upon the relatively unequivocal nature of proximity factors._ The presence of
such factors argues in favour of duty while the absence of such factors argues
against duty. _By contrast, policy-based reasoning is comparatively unstable._
Where courts focus upon the likely effects of different legal rules upon
parties other than the claimant and defendant, they necessarily encounter
three problems. First, they encounter difficulty in predicting future
behaviour. Secondly, they encounter the difficulty of justifying particular
policy choices, given the relatively equivocal nature of policy. Policy goals
often conflict with each other. Even when they do not, particular policy goals
do not necessarily mandate particular means by which those goals might be
achieved. And, thirdly, the tort mechanism is not a very satisfactory means of
achieving distributive goals ... _A multi-factoral, policy-based approach to
duty determinations is likely to leave lower and intermediate appellate courts
with little effective guidance and is likely to lead to greater inconsistency
in the determination of cases._ [emphasis added]

70 The _Spandeck_ formulation should thus be applied sequentially in the order
it is set out, _ie_ , “proximity” before “policy”. The next question which
follows from the defendants’ submissions, then, is whether _White (HL)_ is
truly a policy-based decision. If so, it is incompatible with the _Spandeck_
approach as just clarified and thus cannot aid the plaintiffs’ case.

(B) _WHITE (HL)_ CAN BE RATIONALISED ON THE BASIS OF PROXIMITY RATHER THAN
POLICY

71 As briefly alluded to above (at [65] and [67]), the Court of Appeal in
_Anwar_ had suggested that _White (HL)_ could be rationalised as a decision
which was focused on principles of _proximity_ , notwithstanding the
persuasive view that _policy_ considerations were in fact predominant in Lord
Goff’s judgment.

72 The Court of Appeal commented in _Anwar_ (at [91]) that Lord Goff’s
decision to “extend” the _Hedley Byrne_ principle of assumption of
responsibility _simply because_ this was necessitated by the need to do
practical justice was not satisfactory. This, it was said (at [89]), “ignored”
the conceptual difficulties with accepting that there was any direct
assumption of responsibility or reliance between the solicitor and third party
respectively. It did not explain how, as Lord Goff seemed to suggest, a
solicitor’s assumption of responsibility towards his client could somehow be
“transferred” to the third party.

73 I note that this criticism of _White (HL)_ is shared by several
commentators. Russell Brown, for example, comments in _Pure Economic Loss in
Canadian Negligence Law_ (LexisNexis, 2011) (at p 436) that Lord Goff’s
extension without explanation constitutes a “deeming” and is thus no more than
a “fiction” (see also, Robert Stevens, _Torts and Rights_ (Oxford University
Press, 2007) at p 179; and Peter Cane, _Tort Law and Economic Interests_
(Clarendon Press, 2nd Ed, 1996) at p 185). As Brown writes:

To say that the defendant’s undertaking of responsibility to person A should
be “held in law” to apply to person B tells us nothing about what wrong the
defendant did to person B. Nor does it tell us what right in person B was
injured by the negligence of the defendant. Any principled account of a
solicitor’s liability to a disappointed legatee must be able to supply those
answers.

74 The Court of Appeal in _Anwar_ thus attempted to supply Lord Goff’s
“extension” in _White (HL)_ with the necessary explanatory force. In this
regard, the Court of Appeal first accepted (at [89] and [159]) that a
solicitor could not ordinarily be said to have assumed responsibility in a
“direct or conventional” sense towards the third party given the conceptual
difficulties surrounding this. The _Hedley Byrne_ assumption of responsibility
thus remains applicable as _a legal test_ only for assessing the relationship
between the solicitor and his _client_. It cannot, at the same time, serve, by
way of an unexplained extension, as a legal test in and of itself for imposing
a duty of care on solicitors _vis-a-vis third parties_ (at [160] and [190]).

75 The fact that a solicitor had assumed responsibility towards his _client_
was, nevertheless, observed by the Court of Appeal to be significant in
shedding light on the closeness of the relationship between the solicitor and
the relevant _third party_ in appropriate circumstances. As the Court of
Appeal described (at [155]), the solicitor’s direct assumption of
responsibility towards the client to perform the latter’s instructions which
are aimed at conferring a benefit or negating a detriment to a third party
“sets the stage and creates the environment necessary” for there to be
sufficient proximity with the third party. In this way, Lord Goff’s “extended”
assumption of responsibility can thus be rationalised as a relevant _factor_
(though not a _legal test_) for determining whether there is sufficient
_proximity_ between the solicitor and the third party. To sum up, I reproduce
the Court of Appeal’s view on this matter which was stated as follows (at
[161]):

… Lord Goff’s “extension” of the _Hedley Byrne_ basis of liability which rests
on the twin criteria of assumption of responsibility and reliance is
therefore, in our view, better explained by an assumption of responsibility
(to the client) that _provides the foundation for proximity_ between the
solicitor and the third party. … [emphasis added]

76 It is therefore clear from _Anwar_ that _White (HL)_ should not be
understood simply as a policy-driven decision despite it outwardly appearing
to be so. Lord Goff’s notion of an “extended” assumption of responsibility in
fact embeds proximity reasoning, hinting as it does at the closeness of the
relationship between the solicitor and the third party.

(C) ASSUMPTION OF RESPONSIBILITY WAS NOT THE MAIN BASIS FOR IMPOSING LIABILITY
IN _ANWAR_

77 However, because the assumption of responsibility by a solicitor is not
_directly_ towards the third party, the Court of Appeal in _Anwar_ preferred
to regard this merely as a factor which buttressed its finding of proximity
that was in fact based on other grounds. Specifically, the Court of Appeal
relied (at [147]–[150]) on the two concepts of _relational or circumstantial
proximity_ and _causal proximity_ to establish proximity on the facts in
_Anwar_.

78 Regarding the first concept of relational or circumstantial proximity, the
Court of Appeal noted that Agus’s instructions to his solicitor, Ng, were to
ensure that the interests of his two sons were taken care of under the
mortgage transaction and that this third party benefit could only be effected
through Ng’s careful discharge of his duties to Agus. The Court of Appeal thus
stated (at [147]–[148]) that it was “the nature of the instructions” from Agus
that had brought Ng into a direct and close relationship with the third
parties, as did Ng’s “particular knowledge of the state of affairs at play”.

79 As for the alternative concept which was relied on, the Court of Appeal
pointed out (at [149]) that Ng was clearly in a position where his advice (or
lack thereof) to Agus would have had “inevitable knock-on effects” on the
interests of the third party claimants; hence causal proximity was
established.

80 Besides the presence of relational or circumstantial proximity and causal
proximity—which was considered to be “independently” capable of founding a
duty of care in _Anwar_ (at [150])—the Court of Appeal also referenced the
concepts of “ _control_ ” and “ _vulnerability_ ” to further support its view
that the relationship between Ng and Agus’s sons was sufficiently proximate.
The judicial application and refinement of these concepts in varying tort
scenarios can be found more fully elaborated upon by David Tan and Goh Yihan
in their article “The Promise of Universality: The _Spandeck_ Formulation Half
a Decade On” (2013) 25 SAcLJ 510 (“ _Tan & Goh_”). In the specific context of
_Anwar_ , though, the Court of Appeal had little difficulty in finding (at
[154]) that Ng, having overall charge of Agus’s affairs with the bank, clearly
had the “capacity … to control the situation that might give rise to the risk
of harm” to Agus’s sons. Agus’s sons, in turn, were “relatively vulnerable” in
that they “depended” on Ng to properly perform his duties towards Agus, in
particular by advising the latter on the existence and implication of the
personal guarantee clause.

81 The various indicia of “proximity” which were relied on by the Court of
Appeal in _Anwar_ will certainly be useful in my analysis here since, as I
have earlier explained (at [58] above), there is no significant difference
between the two fact patterns.

(5) The plaintiffs and Cheo are in a sufficiently proximate relationship

82 I find that the plaintiffs and Cheo stand in a sufficiently proximate
relationship.

83 Cheo had no doubt assumed responsibility _towards the Testator_ for the
proper drafting and execution of the New Will since a contractual relationship
subsisted between solicitor and client. That there was an assumption of
responsibility in this direct sense, albeit not with the plaintiffs, cannot be
clearer. However, the very objective of Cheo’s retainer with the Testator is
to enable the latter to confer a benefit on _the plaintiffs_ through the
transmission of property under a valid will. Cheo’s assumption of
responsibility towards the Testator to assist in the making of the New Will
thus creates, as the Court of Appeal stated in _Anwar_ , the “foundation for
proximity” between him and the plaintiffs. Indeed, I go on to find that
proximity does exist here based on the following considerations.

84 First, I find that there is relational or circumstantial proximity between
the plaintiffs and Cheo. This is not merely because of the nature of the
Testator’s instructions but also because Cheo _knew_ full well at that time
that if those instructions were not properly carried out, the economic well-
being of the plaintiffs would be adversely affected. The plaintiffs are
therefore clearly in Cheo’s direct contemplation even though he has no direct
interaction with them (save for AEL). In this connection, I note that Megarry
VC has also stated in _Ross_ (at 308F–H) that the question of whether a
negligent solicitor “ought” to have had the disappointed beneficiaries in his
contemplation does not even arise in cases such as this. This is because the
solicitor’s contemplation of the beneficiaries is of such a close and
immediate nature; it is “ _contemplation by contract_ ” [emphasis added]
though that contract was with the testator client. Therefore, it is this
degree of knowledge which Cheo has of the plaintiffs and the surrounding
circumstances which leaves me in no doubt that there is relational or
circumstantial proximity between the parties.

85 I also find that there is causal proximity between Cheo and the plaintiffs.
The plaintiffs’ entitlement to the Testator’s estate, in the shares which the
Testator intended for them to receive, is wholly dependent on the New Will
being effective. That task of making an effective will, in turn, was entrusted
by the Testator to Cheo. It must thus have been plain to Cheo that if the New
Will was defective, then that will lead inevitably, upon the death of the
Testator, to economic loss suffered by the plaintiffs. Accordingly, causal
proximity between the plaintiffs and Cheo is clearly evident.

86 Given the presence of circumstantial or relational proximity and causal
proximity, I am able to conclude that Cheo does stand in a sufficiently
proximate relationship with the plaintiffs. However, as with the Court of
Appeal in _Anwar_ , I also find that the further proximity factors of
“control” and “vulnerability” are particularly relevant on the facts here and
thus merit further discussion.

87 To begin with, I note that the proximity factors of “control” and
“vulnerability” have already been considered by the High Court of Australia in
the context of a claim by disappointed beneficiaries against a negligent
solicitor. In _Van Erp_ , the defendant solicitor, Mrs Hill, had been
instructed by a testatrix to draw up a will which was intended to benefit her
neighbour, Mrs Van Erp. During the execution of the will, the solicitor signed
as one attesting witness and asked Mrs Van Erp’s husband, who was the only
other person present, to sign as the second attesting witness. Under the
relevant Australian legislation, a will cannot be attested to by the spouse of
an intended beneficiary and, for that reason, the testatrix’s will was void.
Mrs Van Erp sued the solicitor in tort and, by a majority of 5 to 1, the High
Court of Australia held that the solicitor was liable.

88 The notion of a will-making solicitor’s “control” over a beneficiary’s
entitlement featured strongly in Gaudron J’s judgment and in fact formed the
basis upon which she justified the imposition of liability. Gaudron J
explained the importance of “control” in the following terms (at 716):

The relationship in this case as between Mrs Hill and Mrs Van Erp is not one
that is characterised either by the assumption of responsibility or reliance.
Rather, _what is significant is that Mrs Hill was in a position of control
over the testamentary wishes of her client and, thus, in a position to control
whether Mrs Van Erp would have the right which the testatrix clearly intended
her to have_ , namely, the right to have her estate properly administered in
accordance with the terms of her will. [emphasis added]

89 The element of control is usually considered together with “vulnerability”
(_Tan & Goh_ at para 34) and this will ordinarily be the position in which a
beneficiary finds himself _vis-à-vis_ the solicitor who has been engaged to
prepare the testator’s will. The reason for this was explained by Dawson J in
_Van Erp_ (at 706–707):

… [T]he solicitor's mistake is not ordinarily discoverable by anyone other
than the solicitor. In the ordinary course, the only persons who have access
to a will are the solicitor and the client. A client can hardly be expected to
review the will for regularity and even if he or she were to do so, could
hardly be expected to discover its defects. Indeed, to do so would be to
engage in the very task which the solicitor was retained to perform in the
first place.

Moreover, and this seems to me to be crucial, _in the normal course the
solicitor's error only becomes apparent after the death of the client. Upon
that event, the hitherto concealed error becomes irreversible. In this respect
the intended beneficiary is particularly vulnerable_ …

[emphasis added]

90 The concepts of “control” and “vulnerability” as discussed in _Van Erp_
certainly do add a further dimension from which the parties’ present
relationship may be evaluated. In that vein, I note that, as the solicitor
responsible for preparing the New Will, Cheo is in complete control over
whether the plaintiffs do or do not receive their respective shares in the
Testator’s estate. This, in turn, means that the plaintiffs are wholly and
inescapably dependent on Cheo’s proper discharge of his obligations to the
Testator to receive their respective entitlements. In my view, the presence of
“control” on the part of Cheo and “vulnerability” on the part of the
plaintiffs serve to increase and strengthen the links between them. This
buttresses my earlier finding that there is sufficient proximity in the
present case.

Policy

91 At the second stage of the _Spandeck_ formulation, the defendants submit
that strong policy reasons exist which ought to negate the imposition of a
duty of care. In particular, the defendants seek to impress upon me that
allowing the plaintiffs’ claim here effectively _enlarges_ the Testator’s
estate.[note: 55] This is because even as the plaintiffs are now given what
they ought to have received under the New Will, the Unintended Beneficiaries,
_viz_ , [M], [D] and [S] (see [20] above) will not be stripped of their
windfall gains. The defendants therefore urge me to consider that awarding the
plaintiffs damages here sends out the wrong signal to families which may
possibly find themselves in similar circumstances in the future.[note: 56]
Instead of encouraging such families to attempt a good faith redistribution of
the deceased’s estate according to the deceased’s wishes, it incentivises them
to sue the careless solicitor who, being backed by insurance, can always be
made the source of a second fund. That, the defendants argue, will be an
unseemly prospect for society as a whole, and one which the courts should be
keen to avoid rather than endorse.

92 I am not persuaded by the defendants’ argument. As a preliminary matter, I
cannot comprehend the defendants’ claimed connection between a successful
action for damages here and an “enlargement” of the Testator’s estate. In this
regard, I share the views of Sir Donald Nicholls VC who (then sitting in the
English Court of Appeal) stated the following when confronted with a similar
argument in _White and another v Jones and others_ [1993] 3 All ER 481 (“
_White (CA)_ ”) (at 491) (see also, John G Fleming, “The Solicitor and the
Disappointed Beneficiary” (1993) 109 LQR 344 at 348):

… [The defendants’ solicitor] submitted … that to impose liability on the
solicitor would be effectively to double the size of the client's estate. This
is incorrect. The damages are payable to the disappointed intended
beneficiary, not to the deceased's estate. Those entitled to the deceased's
estate receive a windfall in the sense that the deceased did not intend the
estate should go to them. But that does not assist the solicitor's case. That
is the direct and foreseeable consequence of the solicitor's breach of his
duty to his client. Because of his negligence the client's money did not reach
the right pockets. The law is requiring him to put that right in the only way
it can be done.

93 I am also unable to agree with the defendants’ submission on a more
fundamental point, which is that if the negligent solicitor is allowed to
escape liability on the basis that the deceased’s family should independently
devise a means for redistributing his estate _inter se_ , then it begs the
question— _what is the point of the solicitor at all?_ Here, Cheo is engaged
to enable the Testator to direct his Singapore assets to the plaintiffs.
However, through Cheo’s negligence, a part of those assets has been
misdirected to the Unintended Beneficiaries. Cheo now argues, however, that no
liability ought to be imposed on him because the plaintiffs and the Unintended
Beneficiaries can and should take the initiative (because of filial piety,
familial ties or otherwise) to remedy the consequences of _his own wrong_ by
conducting a secondary distribution that honours the Testator’s true
intentions. In the event that they are unable to come to an agreement, the
loss is the plaintiffs to bear.

94 That, to me, is a preposterous outcome. It implies, as Cooke J observed in
_Gartside v Sheffield, Young & Ellis_ [1983] NZLR 37 (“ _Gartside_ ”) (at 43),
“a refusal to acknowledge the solicitor’s professional role in the community”
(see also _White (HL)_ at 260F). The defendants’ denial of liability here is,
in essence, premised on an abdication of professional responsibility, and that
I cannot accept to be right.

95 As a separate matter, I also note that the proposed imposition of liability
here occurs in a novel area involving economic loss. I am thus minded to
consider whether such a result may lead, as Cardozo CJ said in _Ultramares
Corp v Touche, Niven & Co_ 255 NY 170 (1931) at 179, to the imposition of
“liability in an indeterminate amount for an indeterminate time to an
indeterminate class”. In my view, this perennial fear in the law of negligence
is more apparent than real when a claim is brought by disappointed
beneficiaries under a defective will. This is because, in general, the class
of potential claimants is identified within the terms of the will, the
solicitor’s potential liability is limited by the size of the testator’s
estate, and the breach results in a one-off loss rather than a recurring one.
I acknowledge, however, that there may be _exceptional_ circumstances where
the foregoing might not necessarily hold true; for example, the beneficiaries
of a will may include unborn persons who are thus not specifically identified
in the will (see also _Winfield and Jolowicz on Tort_ (WVH Rogers ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2010) at p 215). However, I note that both Lord Goff in
_White (HL)_ (at 269E–H) and Cooke J in _Gartside_ (at 44) were content to
leave such exceptional cases to be decided when they arise. In my view, that
approach is both prudent and in keeping with the common law’s tradition of
deciding cases on an incremental basis.

96 Thus, no cogent policy reasons have been raised to negate the imposition of
a duty of care on Cheo. Before moving on, however, I wish to add that there
are in fact relevant policy considerations which operate to _affirm_ a duty of
care in cases such as the present (see _Animal Concerns Research & Education
Society v Tan Boon Kwee_ [2011] 2 SLR 146 at [77] for the legitimacy of using
policy reasoning in this manner).

97 First, I note that if no remedy is extended to the third party
beneficiaries, then the only claim which can be made against a negligent
solicitor is that by the estate. The estate, however, has suffered no real
loss and hence will be entitled to only nominal damages. The negligent
solicitor, as Nicholls VC observed in _White (CA)_ (at 490), thus goes off
“scot-free” and can breach his professional duties “with impunity”. That is
certainly objectionable. In my view, therefore, the imposition of a duty on
the solicitor to take reasonable care _towards third party beneficiaries_ is
desirable from the standpoint of policy because it serves, at the same time,
to complement and thereby enhance the solicitor’s duties _towards the testator
client_. This point was succinctly made by Megarry VC in _Ross_ (at 322C)
where he stated that the recognition of a duty of care towards the third
party, “far from diluting the solicitor’s duty to his client, marches with it,
and, if anything, strengthens it”.

98 Relatedly, imposing a duty in such circumstances also has the beneficial
effect of promoting the vigilance and competence of solicitors who advise in
the context of will-making. In this regard, I echo the Court of Appeal’s
sentiment in _Anwar_ (at [166]) that:

… Upholding high standards of competence and diligence should be an ambition
that a noble profession such as ours should strive towards and be proud of.
The imposition of a duty on solicitors to exercise reasonable care even
towards third parties in particular situations advances that desirable policy.
…

99 I regard the latter point as being of particular relevance given the
undeniable importance which society as a whole places on the act of will-
making. This point was adverted to in _White (HL)_ by Lord Goff who noted (at
260B) that:

… legacies can be of great importance to individual citizens, providing very
often the only opportunity for a citizen to acquire a significant capital sum;
or to inherit a house, so providing a secure roof over the heads of himself
and his family; or to make special provision for his or her old age. …

100 In my view, therefore, the policy considerations at play in these
circumstances weigh in favour of the imposition of a duty of care rather than
against it.

Breach

101 Having found that Cheo owes a duty of care to the plaintiffs, I now
consider whether it has been breached. Here, the plaintiffs argue that Cheo
has committed two relevant breaches, one relating to the New Will’s
_execution_ and the other relating to its _drafting_.

Cheo has breached his duty to ensure the proper execution of the New Will

Cheo failed to ensure that the New Will was executed before two witnesses
present at the same time

102 The alleged breach in the context of the New Will’s execution relates to
Cheo’s failure to ensure that at least two witnesses were present at the
material time which caused its invalidity. This requirement is found in s 6 of
the Wills Act which reads as follows:

6—(1) _No will shall be valid unless it is in writing and executed in the
manner mentioned in subsection (2)._

(2) Every will shall be signed at the foot or end thereof by the testator, or
by some other person in his presence and by his direction, and the signature
shall be made or acknowledged by the testator as the signature to his will or
codicil in the presence of two or more witnesses present at the same time, and
those witnesses shall subscribe the will in the presence of the testator, but
no form of attestation shall be necessary.

…

[emphasis added]

103 It is undisputed that Cheo is the sole witness to the execution of the New
Will. Accordingly, s 6(2) of the Wills Act has not been complied with. Given
my earlier finding that the scope of Cheo’s duty includes the proper
_execution_ of the New Will, it thus appears to be rather straightforward that
Cheo is in breach of this duty. However, in this regard, I note that the
defendants repeatedly stress in the pleadings that it was either AEL or the
Testator, and not Cheo, who proposed getting one of the officers from Citibank
to be a second witness of the New Will (see [12] above).[note: 57] The
suggestion seems to be that the plaintiffs should therefore take
responsibility for the fact that no one from Citibank was present as a second
witness. If this is the argument being advanced by the defendants, then I find
it to be wholly without merit.

104 I cannot see why it should matter if AEL or the Testator had proposed the
identity of the second witness because this does not detract from Cheo’s duty
to ensure that there must, in any event, be at least two witnesses present at
the time of execution. In other words, if the requisite number of witnesses
are not present at the execution of a testator’s will, the solicitor having
conduct of the matter must be vigilant enough to advise the testator that
purporting to execute a will in such circumstances will be a fruitless
exercise; this is regardless of whether the attendance of those witnesses is
proposed or arranged by the testator. If, however, that solicitor continues to
wave on the execution of the will without expressing any reservations, then he
indubitably falls short of the general standard of care and skill which the
law demands of him, which is that of a reasonably competent and diligent
solicitor (see _Charlesworth & Percy on Negligence_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed,
2010) at para 9-232).

105 I am therefore of the view that Cheo ought to have alerted the Testator to
the fact that the New Will was being executed in flawed circumstances.
Instead, it appears that after witnessing the execution of the New Will on his
own, Cheo was happy to leave the Testator to procure a second witness without
informing him of the futility in doing so. This may be gleaned from an
attendance note made by Cheo himself which recorded the events surrounding the
New Will’s execution:[note: 58]

Client was to get bank officer to be 2nd witness. Client reviewed the will and
signed. I could not wait for the bank officer and told client I had to leave.

Client said that he would sort it out with the Bank and get the officer to
witness.

I took back the copy signed by me only.

106 Based on these circumstances as set out by Cheo, I find that Cheo is
negligent in ensuring that the New Will is properly executed in accordance
with the Wills Act.

Cheo was not aware that two witnesses had to be present at the time of
execution

107 At this juncture, I am minded to make certain observations concerning
_why_ Cheo had omitted to ensure the presence of another witness at the
execution of the New Will. In this regard, Cheo explains, in an effort to
downplay his own culpability, that he knows that a will has to be subscribed
by at least two witnesses but he had at that time merely “overlooked” the
necessity of them doing so at the same time.[note: 59] I am, however, not
convinced by this explanation. My own view is that Cheo’s negligence here is
not an instance of mere inadvertence or lapse of concentration but, more
troublingly, stemmed from his ignorance of the statutory requirement that a
will must be executed before at least two witnesses.

108 I am supported in my view by, first, the appearance of the New Will. In
this regard, I find it striking that there is only _one_ signature block at
the foot of the New Will with Cheo’s typed-in particulars such as his name,
address, identity card number and occupation. A second signature block,
however, is conspicuously absent. In other words, _space was created in the
New Will for only one person to sign as a witness_. This is most telling
because if Cheo knows, as he claims, that two witnesses have to subscribe on
the New Will, then one will naturally expect him, as the draftsman of the New
Will, to have included a second signature block. This would be so even if the
identity of the second witness was not known at the time of drafting because,
in that instance, the various fields for that unknown witness’s particulars
could simply have been left blank. Instead, a second signature block has been
omitted in its entirety here. This certainly invites the inference that Cheo
was in fact unaware at that time that at least one other witness had to
subscribe on the New Will together with him.

109 I also consider a second piece of evidence to be relevant in shedding
light on the level of Cheo’s ignorance. This concerns his act of notifying the
relevant authorities of the New Will’s execution _without even first enquiring
with the Testator_ to check if the New Will had indeed been subscribed by a
second witness. This indicates to me that Cheo was in fact labouring under the
mistaken belief that the New Will had been validly executed in his presence as
the _sole_ witness. This obliviousness to the need for two witnesses appears
to be the only reasonable explanation for his bold step in informing the
authorities of the New Will when its execution is patently defective.
Otherwise, there is every reason to believe that he would have at least sought
to confirm that a second witness had subscribed on the New Will before doing
so. At trial, however, Cheo maintains that he knows that at least two
witnesses have to be present during the execution. He explains that he is
nevertheless willing to take the risk of informing the authorities of the New
Will on the _assumption_ that a second witness had subscribed on it.[note: 60]
However, for the reasons which I have already given, I find this hard to
believe.

110 Having considered the evidence before me, I find that, contrary to his
assertions, Cheo was unaware of the basic requirement that a will’s execution
has to be witnessed by a statutory minimum of two persons. This explains why
he allowed the Testator to execute the New Will in his presence alone despite
it being obvious that such circumstances were less than adequate. In my
judgment, this reflects a lack of competence on Cheo’s part and I thus reject
his attempt at characterising this case as one of negligence by careless
oversight.

Cheo’s failure to appoint “executors” did not cause the plaintiffs’ loss

111 I now come to the second of Cheo’s alleged breaches. The plaintiffs argue
here that Cheo has been negligent in _drafting_ the New Will as he failed to
explicitly appoint “executors” therein. AEL and AEN’s appointment as
“trustees” is said to be insufficient for this purpose because the office of
an executor is very different from that of a trustee.

112 Strictly speaking, I do not have to deal with this aspect of the
plaintiffs’ submissions since I have already found that Cheo is negligent in
respect of the New Will’s _execution_. Nevertheless, I consider it appropriate
that I should do so in the interest of completeness.

113 In this regard, I begin by saying that I accept the plaintiffs’ premise
that trustees and executors are distinct in law (see _Syed Abbas bin Mohamed
Alsagoff and another v Islamic Religious Council of Singapore (Majlis Ugama
Islam Singapura)_ [2010] 2 SLR 136 at [20]). However, I am of the view that
_even if_ this means that Cheo should have explicitly appointed executors when
drafting the New Will, his failure to do so did not _cause_ the plaintiffs’
loss in and of itself. The plaintiffs’ loss here arises because the Testator’s
estate has to be distributed under intestacy, and that in turn flows from the
New Will’s invalidity. In order for the plaintiffs’ argument to have any
force, then, it must at least be shown that the failure to explicitly appoint
an executor—just like the failure to execute a will before two or more
witnesses—impinges upon a will’s validity. The law is clear, however, that it
does not.

Letters of administration with the will annexed may be granted where no
executor is appointed

114 Section 13(1)(_a_) of the Probate and Administration Act (Cap 251, 2000
Rev Ed) provides that where no executor is appointed by a will, letters of
administration with the will annexed may be granted to such person or persons
as the court considers the fittest to administer the estate. “Letters of
administration with the will annexed” is in turn defined in s 2 of the same
Act in the following manner:

“letters of administration with the will annexed” means a grant under the seal
of the court issuing the same, authorising the person or persons therein named
to administer a testator’s estate _in compliance with the directions contained
in his will_ , and in accordance with law ... [emphasis added]

115 These provisions in the Probate and Administration Act make it abundantly
clear that in a situation where a testator leaves a will upon his death but
fails to appoint an executor, the court can appoint someone to administer his
estate in accordance with the provisions of the will (see Mahinder Singh
Sidhu, _The Law of Wills, Probate Administration and Succession in Malaysia
and Singapore_ (International Law Book Services, 1998) at p 239). Contrary to
what the plaintiffs’ argument suggests, then, a will is not rendered invalid
simply because no executor is appointed, and the deceased’s testamentary
wishes therein can still be given effect to.

116 Accordingly, I find that if the New Will had been properly executed in the
presence of two witnesses, then it could have been used to apply for letters
of administration with the will annexed notwithstanding that no executor had
been explicitly appointed. The Testator’s estate will then be administered
according to its terms and not the rules of intestacy. In that event, no loss
will have been caused to the plaintiffs.

AEL and AEN are in fact impliedly appointed as executors

117 The foregoing discussion proceeded on the basis that _no_ executors had
been appointed under the New Will at all. I am, however, of the view that even
though AEL and AEN are not _explicitly_ appointed as executors in the body of
the New Will, their appointments as such can nevertheless be _implied_ from a
proper construction of the will (see, for example, _Williams, Mortimer and
Sunnucks on Executors, Administrators and Probate_ (John Ross Martyn and
Nicholas Caddick QC gen eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2013) (“ _Williams,
Mortimer and Sunnucks_ ”) at para 8-12; _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 15
(LexisNexis, 2013 Reissue) (“ _Halsbury’s Singapore_ ”) at para 190.005). Such
persons are known in law as _executors according to the tenor_ and probate may
be granted on the will in such circumstances (see ss 8(1) and (2), Probate and
Administration Act).

118 In order for a person to be constituted an executor according to the tenor
of a will, it must appear from a reasonable construction of the will that he
has been appointed to perform the essential duties of an executor, such as
collecting the assets of the testator, paying off all debts and funeral
expenses, and discharging the legacies contained in the will (see _In the
Goods of Adamson_ (1875) LR 3 P&D 253 at 254). In essence, the court’s concern
is with whether the person claiming to be impliedly appointed as an executor
has indeed been appointed as such _in substance_ (though not in form).
Pertinently, this may occur where only “trustees” are appointed in a will (see
RR D’Costa, JI Winegarten & T Synak, _Tristram and Coote’s Probate Practice_
(LexisNexis Butterworths, 13th Ed, 2006) at para 4.20). For example,
“trustees” who were instructed to “carry out this will” or who were nominated
for “the due execution of this my will” were held to be executors according to
the tenor (see _In the Goods of Russell; In the Goods of Laird_ [1892] P 380).
In these instances, it could be sufficiently gathered from the expressions
used by the testators that they had effectively wished for their named
_trustees_ to perform the functions of _executors_. If, however, it cannot be
inferred from the will that the named trustee has the duties of an executor
thrust upon him, then he will not be considered an executor according to the
tenor merely because he is appointed as a trustee (see _In the Goods of
Punchard_ (1872) LR 2 P&D 369).

119 In the present case, I find that the New Will’s terms clearly suggest that
AEL and AEN are, in substance, vested with the duties of executors despite
their explicit appointments as “trustees”. The New Will obliges AEL and AEN to
“assume sole responsibility and proceed to distribute” the Testator’s estate
(cl 3), empowers them with the absolute discretion to “sell call in and
convert” the Testator’s property into money (cl 4), and instructs them to use
those monies to pay the Testator’s “debts funeral and testamentary expenses
and legacies and all estate duty” (cl 5). To my mind, this collection of
responsibilities mirrors those of an executor. Thus I am satisfied that AEL
and AEN are executors according to the tenor of the New Will. An application
for probate on the New Will will thus have been granted if not for its
deficient execution and, had this been so, the plaintiffs will not have
suffered the loss which they did.

120 I thus conclude that AEL and AEN are in fact impliedly appointed as
executors under the New Will but, even if they had not been, the Testator’s
estate can still be distributed in accordance with the New Will pursuant to a
grant of letters of administration with the will annexed. Accordingly, I find
that there is no relevant nexus between Cheo’s failure to explicitly appoint
executors in the New Will and the plaintiffs’ loss in this case.

Causation

121 I now turn to examine the defendants’ arguments relating to causation. In
essence, the defendants argue that even if Cheo’s negligent supervision of the
New Will’s execution has caused its invalidity, this does not directly cause
the plaintiffs’ loss since it is still open to the plaintiffs to distribute
the Testator’s estate other than in accordance with the rules of intestate
succession. Their election not to do so, accordingly, breaks the causal chain
between Cheo’s negligence and the loss which they have suffered upon intestate
distribution.

The plaintiffs attempted to but could not distribute the Testator’s estate
according to the New Will

122 The defendants’ first suggestion is that the plaintiffs could have avoided
their loss completely by distributing the Testator’s estate according to the
New Will despite its invalidity. In this regard, the defendants submit that
the plaintiffs should have urged the Unintended Beneficiaries to disclaim
their windfall shares which they received via intestate distribution. This is
so as to allow for the _re_ distribution of the Testator’s estate according to
the New Will.

123 I am not persuaded by this argument. To begin with, I reject the
defendants’ claim that the plaintiffs have not made any sincere attempts at
getting the Unintended Beneficiaries to disclaim their windfall shares. There
is evidence of a family meeting attended by the Testator’s children where they
discussed the distribution of their father’s estate after discovering that the
New Will was invalid. I am satisfied that, at this meeting, the Unintended
Beneficiaries were asked to give up their windfall entitlements but declined
to do so.[note: 61] Of the three Unintended Beneficiaries, only [M] and [D]
gave evidence at trial and I find that their reasons for refusing to disclaim
their shares were candid and truthful. [M] was frank in stating that he did
not feel constrained to give up his windfall since it was something “prepared
by God”[note: 62] and he subsequently gambled it all away.[note: 63] As for
[D], he stated that he counted his blessings at having received his windfall
share as it enabled him to settle his debts.[note: 64]

124 In light of the above, I do not see what more the plaintiffs could have
done to persuade the Unintended Beneficiaries to disclaim their respective
windfalls. This is especially so when it is borne in mind that the Unintended
Beneficiaries are, after all, legally entitled to the shares which they have
received by operation of intestate law and cannot be compelled to disgorge the
same. In this connection, I note that Gummow J had expressed in _Van Erp_ (at
738) that the disappointed beneficiary there, _ie_ , Mrs Van Erp, was correct
_not_ to sue the windfall recipients since the latter “bore no responsibility”
for the solicitor’s negligence. Gummow J took this position despite there
being some academic support for the view that a disappointed beneficiary ought
to have some recourse against windfall recipients, whether in an action for
unjust enrichment or otherwise (see, for example, Paul Matthews, “Round and
Round the Garden” [1996] LMCLQ 460; and Peter Cane, “Negligent Solicitors and
Doubly Disappointed Beneficiaries” (1983) 99 LQR 346).

125 Therefore, all that may be said is that _if_ the Unintended Beneficiaries
are willing to forgo their respective windfalls, then this would have been
“most helpful” in mitigating the claim against Cheo (see Martyn Frost,
Penelope Reed QC and Mark Baxter, _Risk and Negligence in Wills, Estates, and
Trusts_ (Oxford University Press, 2009) at para 3.61). However, that is a
choice for them to make. In my view, they are perfectly entitled to adopt a
self-interested view of matters by refusing to hand over what had legally
become theirs. Accordingly, I do not agree that the plaintiffs’ claim should
fail simply because they have not made more persistent or vigorous demands of
the Unintended Beneficiaries to disclaim their shares.

126 I thus find that the plaintiffs have genuinely attempted to redistribute
the Testator’s estate according to the New Will. That they are prevented from
doing so by the Unintended Beneficiaries’ reticence should not be held against
them.

The plaintiffs could not have applied for probate on the Old Will

127 The defendants’ alternative argument is that the plaintiffs should have
applied for letters of probate on a notarised copy of the Old Will which the
latter _somehow_ managed to produce during these proceedings. The defendants
claim that the plaintiffs must have had this copy of the Old Will in their
possession but deliberately refrained from proving it so as to enlarge the
Testator’s estate through this action for damages.[note: 65] If probate is
granted on the Old Will, then the loss to the plaintiffs will be considerably
reduced because the distribution of the Testator’s estate contemplated therein
is more favourable to the plaintiffs than that which took place under
intestacy.

Preliminary observation

128 My preliminary observation is that the defendants are on firmer ground
here than they are with their previous argument that the Testator’s estate
should have been redistributed according to the New Will. This is because
while the law does not compel the Unintended Beneficiaries to disclaim their
windfall to allow for redistribution, the law does provide that probate may be
granted in respect of a _copy_ of a will if the original will is lost,
mislaid, or cannot for any sufficient reason be produced after the testator’s
death (see s 9, Probate and Administration Act).

129 Therefore, even though it is the plaintiffs’ position that the _original_
version of the Old Will cannot be found at the Testator’s death, I agree with
the defendants’ submission that the plaintiffs are still obliged to bring
forward and apply for probate on a _copy_ of the same if they possessed it and
they should not have applied at that time for letters of administration based
on intestacy. However, I should add that the matter does not end here. The
defendants’ submission succeeds only if I am further satisfied that the Old
Will indeed remains as the last valid will of the Testator. This is because if
the Testator is shown to have in fact _revoked_ the Old Will, then it would be
wrong to apply for probate based on a revoked will. The plaintiffs will,
accordingly, be correct in applying for letters of administration since the
Testator would have died intestate.

130 In light of the above position, the questions which I have to determine
are: (1) whether the plaintiffs did possess a copy of the Old Will at the time
letters of administration were applied for; and (2) if so, whether the Old
Will had been revoked by the Testator.

The plaintiffs have a copy of the Old Will but only because they obtained it
from the defendants during discovery

131 In dealing with the first question, I begin by noting AEL’s oral evidence
that, prior to applying for letters of administration, Siaw had instructed her
to search for the Old Will to ensure that the Testator had not left a
will.[note: 66] AEL stated that she interpreted this instruction to mean that
she should look for the _original_ Old Will[note: 67] and she duly did so
together with her siblings. However, they were unable to find it.[note: 68] At
this point, I note that AEL’s evidence suggests that a search had been
conducted only for the _original_ Old Will. Nevertheless, I believe that if
she had found a _copy_ of the same, she would naturally have informed Siaw of
such discovery at the very least or forwarded the document to him for his
perusal and further advice. In that sense then, I find that the Testator’s
children searched for the Old Will without necessarily confining themselves to
simply locating it in its original form, although that may have been how they
understood Siaw’s instructions. Ultimately, that search proved to be in vain
as the Old Will was not surfaced either in its original or duplicate forms.

132 Given the above, it is somewhat intriguing that the plaintiffs have
managed to include a notarised copy of the Old Will in their bundle of
documents which were tendered to court. This is especially so as AEL could not
provide a clear explanation for how this had come to pass.[note: 69] The
defendants have, unsurprisingly, made much of her inability to do so, alleging
that the plaintiffs and the Unintended Beneficiaries must have collaborated to
withhold the Old Will so that—through a combination of intestate distribution
(which benefits the Unintended Beneficiaries) and the damages claimed in this
action (which compensates the plaintiffs for their loss)—they will _all_ be
better off than if distribution had taken place according to the Old Will.
[note: 70]

133 I am unable to agree with the defendants. Their allegations of a
conspiracy to suppress the Old Will are very grave, impugning as they do the
integrity of the plaintiffs and the Unintended Beneficiaries in their handling
of the Testator’s estate. A high level of proof will have to be overcome in
order to make out such allegations, albeit still on the balance of
probabilities (see _Ferneley v Napier and others_ [2010] EWHC 3345 (Ch) at
[102]).

134 In my view, the documentary evidence before me far from supports the
defendants’ case. To the contrary, it provides a simple and innocuous
explanation for how the plaintiffs came to be in possession of a copy of the
Old Will, which is that this copy was in fact given by the defendants’
solicitors to the plaintiffs’ solicitors during the discovery process leading
up to trial. This is borne out by the email correspondence between both sets
of solicitors which I discuss below.

135 Before doing so, however, I should point out how _the defendants_ had
obtained possession of a copy of the Old Will in the first place. As I had
earlier mentioned in my narration of the facts (see [11] above), a notarised
copy of the Old Will was handed to Cheo by the Testator during their first
face-to-face meeting at Citibank’s office. The Testator did this so as to aid
Cheo in the latter’s drafting of the New Will. This is not disputed by the
parties as an attendance note by Cheo clearly recorded that this had taken
place during the meeting.[note: 71]

136 When Cheo learnt that probate on the New Will had been rejected, he did
not inform AEL that he had a copy of the Old Will or advise her that such a
copy could be admitted into probate. It was only much later when these
proceedings had commenced and discovery was underway that the defendants’
solicitors raised the existence of this copy of the Old Will for the first
time. This was done by way of a letter to the plaintiffs’ solicitors dated 3
November 2011, the material part of which reads as follows:[note: 72]

… While the signed original of [the Old Will] might have been destroyed, this
does not mean that there are no copies of [the Old Will] in existence. In
fact, we are instructed that our client [_ie_ , Cheo] has a copy of the
previous will and that your clients [_ie_ , the plaintiffs] have never
inquired with our client if they had a copy of [the Old Will]. Evidently your
clients have not made any effort to find out if copies of [the Old Will]
exist.

137 The plaintiffs’ solicitors replied with a letter dated 8 November 2011
wherein they requested for a copy of the Old Will.[note: 73] The defendants’
solicitors duly acceded to this request the very next day. They did so by
sending the plaintiffs’ solicitors a letter with the Old Will enclosed.[note:
74]

138 In my view, the simple explanation for how the notarised copy of the Old
Will had made its way into the plaintiffs’ bundle of documents is that it was
given by the defendants’ solicitors to the plaintiffs’ solicitors during
discovery and the latter had, as they were obligated to do, tendered it as a
relevant document in these proceedings. It comes as no surprise to me that AEL
was unable to explain how this copy of the Old Will came to be produced by the
plaintiffs when she was confronted with it during cross-examination because it
was her solicitors who received this document and included it in the
plaintiffs’ bundle to be used at trial. I therefore see no basis for drawing
an adverse inference from her inability to explain the origins of the copy of
the Old Will. I accept that, insofar as she is concerned, efforts have been
made to locate the Old Will but such efforts yielded nothing.

139 In light of the above, I find that the plaintiffs did not know of or
possess a copy of the Old Will when they proceeded to apply for letters of
administration on the basis of the Testator’s intestacy and hence, they cannot
be faulted for doing so.

140 In fact, I observe that since Cheo had a copy of the Old Will with him
throughout, it is striking that he did not volunteer this information to AEL
once he knew of the New Will’s invalidity. This is even more so considering
that it is the defendants’ submission here that a copy of the Old Will should
have been admitted into probate. Simply put, I find that it is Cheo’s
_inaction_ that prevented the plaintiffs from pursuing precisely the course
which the defendants now advocate should have been taken. Indeed, Cheo can
even be said to have _actively_ diverted the plaintiffs away from this
proposed course. This is because not only did he make no mention of the Old
Will’s existence when advising AEL on her options in dealing with the
Testators’ estate, he actually advised her on how letters of administration
may be obtained instead.

141 In all respects, therefore, I cannot see how any blame can be attributed
to the plaintiffs for failing to admit into probate a copy of the Old Will.
The chain of causation thus remains unbroken.

Even if the plaintiffs had a copy of the Old Will, they can rely on the
presumption of revocation

142 I am further satisfied that, even if the plaintiffs did possess a copy of
the Old Will at the Testator’s death, it had been revoked by the Testator.
This therefore validates their act of applying for letters of administration.

(1) The conditions for raising the presumption of revocation are present

143 Section 15 of the Wills Act provides the exclusive means by which a will
may be revoked. In particular, s 15(_d_) of that Act provides that a will may
be revoked:

… by the burning, tearing, or otherwise destroying the will by the testator,
or by some person in his presence and by his direction, with the intention of
revoking it.

144 As is apparent from this provision, the party which asserts that there is
revocation by destruction must not only _prove_ that the will has been
destroyed but also that this is accompanied by the testator’s intention to
revoke. Alternatively, that party may choose to rely on the _presumption_ of
revocation _animo revocandi_ at common law to establish both these physical
and mental elements.

145 The presumption of revocation _animo revocandi_ arises where a will is
last known to be in the possession of the testator and cannot be found at his
death (see _Halsbury’s Singapore_ at para 190.240). The rationale for this
evidentiary presumption was elucidated by Parke B in _Ann Maria Welch v
Nathaniel Philips_ (1836) 1 Moo PCC 299 (“ _Welch v Philips_ ”) and endorsed
by Belinda Ang JC (as she then was) in _Lim Boon Ming v Tiang Choo Yang_
[2002] 1 SLR(R) 456 (“ _Lim Boon Ming_ ”) at [49]. As Parke B explained in
_Welch v Philips_ (at 301):

Now the rule of the law of evidence on this subject ... is this: That if a
Will, traced to the possession of the deceased, and last seen there, is not
forthcoming on his death, it is presumed to have been destroyed by himself;
and that presumption must have effect unless there is sufficient evidence to
repel it. It is a presumption founded on good sense; for it is highly
reasonable to suppose that an instrument of so much importance would be
carefully preserved, by a person of ordinary caution, in some place of safety,
and would not be either lost or stolen; and if on the death of the maker, it
is not found in his usual repositories, or else where he resides, it is in a
high degree probable, that the deceased himself has purposely destroyed it.
But this presumption, like all others of fact, may be rebutted by others which
raise a higher degree of probability to the contrary.

146 I agree with the plaintiffs’ submission that the presumption arises in
their favour here.

147 First, it is not disputed that the Testator had passed only a _copy_ of
the Old Will to Cheo at their first meeting. It can reasonably be inferred,
therefore, that the Testator retained possession of the _original_ Old Will
from which such copy was made. As there is no evidence of any subsequent
handling of the original Old Will, I find that the Testator must have
possessed it as its final custodian.

148 Second, the original Old Will is also not forthcoming on the Testator’s
death. There is evidence that the Testator had maintained a safe deposit box
with the Hongkong and Shanghai Bank in Indonesia. Of several documents
contained in the safe, only the New Will and a handwritten note providing for
the distribution of the Testator’s assets in Singapore and in Indonesia
respectively were found.[note: 75] The original Old Will was not there.
Subsequently, a search for the original Old Will was conducted by members of
the Testator’s family on Siaw’s instructions but it also could not be found.
As stated earlier (at [131] above), a copy of the Old Will also could not be
found since the Testator’s children would in all likelihood have brought it to
Siaw’s attention if it emerged during the course of their search for the
original.

149 Accordingly, I find that all the necessary ingredients are present for
raising the presumption that the Testator destroyed the Old Will with the
intention of revoking it.

(2) The presumption of revocation is not rebutted by the doctrine of
conditional revocation

150 This presumption, however, may be rebutted if the defendants can adduce
evidence which raises a higher probability to the contrary (see _Williams,
Mortimer and Sunnucks_ at para 14-30). In this respect, the ordinary civil
standard of proof on a balance of probabilities applies (see _Lim Boon Ming_
at [51]).

151 In the present case, the defendants sought to rebut this presumption by
relying on the common law doctrine of conditional revocation,[note: 76] which
is also known as dependent relative revocation (see, for example, _Halsbury’s
Singapore_ at para 190.237). The application of this doctrine was described in
both succinct and practical terms by Sir James Hannen in _Dancer v Crabb and
Thompson_ (1873) LR 3 P&D 98 as follows (at 104–105):

… [A]lthough the testator does an act which unexplained would be one of
revocation, yet if it appear[s] that he did it only as a part of the means of
setting up another will, if that end be not accomplished the former will is
not revoked. Or, to state the proposition in different language, if the
testator's act can be interpreted thus: "Whatever else I may do, I intend to
cancel this as my will from this time forth," the will is revoked; but if his
meaning is, "As I have made a fresh will my old one may now be destroyed," the
old will is not revoked if the new one be not in fact made. …

152 Relying on this proposition of law, the defendants thus argue that the
Testator’s intention to revoke the Old Will is not an absolute one but is
conditioned on the making of a fresh will, _viz_ , the New Will. Since that
condition is not fulfilled, _ie_ , the New Will is invalid, the Testator
cannot be held to have intended to revoke the Old Will.

153 I find that the defendants cannot succeed in this argument as they fail to
establish an important preliminary fact. In this regard, I agree with the
plaintiffs that the doctrine of conditional revocation cannot be relied on
unless there is _proof_ of actual destruction of the Old Will by the
Testator.[note: 77] The defendants cannot merely rely for this purpose on a
_presumption_ that the Old Will had been destroyed.

154 This is made clear early on by Lord Penzance in _Homerton and another v
Hewett_ (1872) 25 LT 854 where he declined to apply the doctrine of
conditional revocation after making the following observation (at 855):

… [T]he court has never been in the habit of applying [the doctrine of
conditional revocation] to any case in which there was not _proof_ of the
destruction of that document. Here there is no proof of the fact of
destruction. It is merely a surmise of law, and we do not know when the
testator destroyed it, or what he said or did when he destroyed it. It would
be a dangerous thing to _surmise_ a transaction, and build upon it some theory
by which the effect of revocation could practically be destroyed. … [emphasis
added]

155 The subsequent cases have clarified that although Lord Penzance did not
mean that the will’s destruction must be proven by _direct_ evidence (see _In
the Estate of Botting_ [1951] 2 All ER 997 at 1001), the party seeking to rely
on this doctrine must still at least point to _some_ evidence which is
sufficient to satisfy the court that the will had been destroyed (see _In the
Estate of Bridgewater, decd_ [1965] 1 WLR 416 at 418B–C).

156 In the present case, the defendants have not furnished _any_ evidence
whatsoever of the Old Will’s destruction. That is unsurprising because their
own case is _not_ that the Old Will (or a copy thereof) had been destroyed but
that it has in fact been withheld by the plaintiffs in an attempt to enlarge
the Testator’s estate through these proceedings. Therefore, although the
defendants successfully avoids contradicting their own case, I find that this
has caused them to be unable to establish the destruction of the Old Will, a
preliminary fact which has to be proven before the doctrine of conditional
revocation can be brought into operation.

157 In light of the above, I find that the plaintiffs are entitled to rely on
the unrebutted presumption of revocation _animo revocandi_ even if they are in
possession of a copy of the Old Will. That merely reinforces my view that the
plaintiffs cannot be faulted for applying for letters of administration on the
basis of the Testator’s intestacy. Cheo’s negligent supervision of the New
Will’s execution, which caused its invalidity, is therefore a direct cause of
the plaintiffs’ loss.

Loss

158 What is clear, up to this point, is that Cheo’s breach of his duty to
properly supervise the execution of the New Will has caused the plaintiffs’
loss amounting to the difference in distribution under the New Will and that
under intestacy, _ie_ , AUD$719,375.36.

159 In this final part of the judgment, I consider whether the plaintiffs are
entitled to claim the additional loss of 50m rupiah which they allegedly
suffered as a consequence of hiring the Indonesian Firm on Cheo’s advice
which, in turn, was given upon discovery of the New Will’s invalidity.

The plaintiffs are entitled to claim the additional loss of 50m rupiah

160 I do not see any objections in principle against allowing the plaintiffs
to recover this additional loss.

161 The relevant evidence in respect of this claim is that once Cheo learnt of
the rejected application for letters of probate on the New Will, he informed
AEL accordingly and they arranged for a meeting at the first defendant’s
office.[note: 78] The advice which Cheo rendered to AEL at this meeting is set
out in his email of the same date.[note: 79] In this email, Cheo laid out the
steps required for applying for letters of administration and, as earlier
mentioned (at [18] above), one of those steps includes the need to obtain an
affidavit from Indonesian solicitors for a variety of purposes.

162 There is no dispute as to the veracity of the defendants’ advice and,
thus, there is no need for me to comment on it. Taking the defendants’ advice
to be sound, then, I do not see how the plaintiffs can be said to have acted
unreasonably by relying on it to engage the Indonesian Firm.

163 The defendants, however, point out that a lack of itemisation in the
invoice rendered by the Indonesian Firm casts doubt on the purposes for which
they had been hired. This invoice merely provides that 50m rupiah is payable
to the Indonesian Firm as a “Service Fee for Notarial Deeds, Legal Advice and
Legal Service (KUSNO ALI, Deceased)”.[note: 80] Thus, it is not clear what
work has been done by the Indonesian Firm and, in particular, whether it is
connected to the application for letters of administration in Singapore.

164 I do not find the defendants’ argument here particularly persuasive. While
I agree that the scope of services rendered by the Indonesian Firm is worded
broadly in the invoice, I find that it is still reasonably clear that those
services are rendered in respect of the distribution of the Testator’s assets
since the Testator is explicitly named therein. The Indonesian Firm clearly
has not been engaged for something which is wholly unrelated to this.

165 In fact, I find that, more specifically, it can also reasonably be
inferred that the advice sought from the Indonesian Firm relates to the
distribution of the Testator’s _Singapore_ estate. This is because, by the
time Cheo advised the plaintiffs on applying for letters of administration in
Singapore, which was sometime in May 2011, the distribution of the Testator’s
_Indonesian_ assets is already a settled matter. This appears from a document
titled “Statement of Inheritance” which was witnessed by a notary officer in
Indonesia and dated 17 January 2011.[note: 81] This foreign document deals
fairly comprehensively with the Testator’s affairs in Indonesia, setting out,
_inter alia_ , that the Testator had died without leaving any registered wills
for the distribution of his Indonesian property,[note: 82] and that each of
his six children are entitled to a one-sixth share under Indonesian law.[note:
83] Since there is no difficulty in distributing the Testator’s Indonesian
property, I see no reason to doubt that the Indonesian Firm is indeed hired in
connection with their application for letters of administration in Singapore.

166 Therefore, I find that it is sufficiently clear from the manner in which
events transpired that the plaintiffs’ act of engaging the Indonesian Firm is
pursuant to Cheo’s advice; hence the plaintiffs are entitled to claim the 50m
rupiah which they incurred in this respect.

Conclusion

167 In the premises, I am satisfied that the plaintiffs have made out their
claim in negligence against the defendants and are, accordingly, entitled to
their total claimed loss of AUD$719,375.36 and 50m rupiah.

168 Parties are to write in for further hearing if no agreement can be reached
on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at pp 25–27

[note: 2]Notes of Evidence dated 15 January 2014, Day 1, at p 57 lines 15–32

[note: 3]Notes of Evidence dated 15 January 2014, Day 1, at p 58 lines 5–8

[note: 4]Notes of Evidence dated 15 January 2014, Day 1, at p 172 lines 15–17

[note: 5]Notes of Evidence dated 15 January 2014, Day 1, at p 75 lines 26–27

[note: 6]Court exhibit tendered as “P5” on 28 January 2014, Day 7

[note: 7]Joint Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of AEL, AEM, AEN, [S], [M] and
[D] dated 20 June 2013 (“Joint AEIC”)

[note: 8]Notes of Evidence dated 15 January 2014, Day 1, at p 14 line 10 – p
15 line 4

[note: 9]Notes of Evidence dated 15 January 2014, Day 1, at p 19 lines 24–29

[note: 10]Notes of Evidence dated 15 January 2014, Day 1, at p 19 lines 30–31

[note: 11]Notes of Evidence dated 15 January 2014, Day 1, at p 121 lines 10–12
and at p 131 lines 7–11

[note: 12]Agreed Bundle vol 1, at pp 47–49 and pp 51–53

[note: 13]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 60

[note: 14]Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Johnny Cheo Chai Beng dated 28
June 2013 (“Cheo’s ’s Affidavit”) at para 5

[note: 15]Cheo’s Affidavit at para 6

[note: 16]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at pp 51–53

[note: 17]Cheo’s Affidavit at para 8; Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 12
March 2014 (“Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions”) at para 11

[note: 18]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at pp 64–65

[note: 19]Cheo’s Affidavit at para 15

[note: 20]Cheo’s Affidavit at para 16

[note: 21]Plaintiffs’ Lead Counsel Statement dated 22 November 2013 at p 7;
Defendants’ Lead Counsel Statement dated 22 November 2013 at p 7

[note: 22]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 77

[note: 23]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 81

[note: 24]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at pp 73–75

[note: 25]Cheo’s Affidavit at para 24

[note: 26]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 83

[note: 27]Cheo’s Affidavit at para 27

[note: 28]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 87

[note: 29]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 93

[note: 30]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 95

[note: 31]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at pp 148–171

[note: 32]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 164

[note: 33]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 180

[note: 34]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 183

[note: 35]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 183, para 5

[note: 36]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at pp 189–190

[note: 37]Cheo’s Affidavit at para 49

[note: 38]Notes of Evidence dated 29 January 2014, Day 8, at p 3 line 28 – p 4
line 1

[note: 39]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 212

[note: 40]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents dated 7 June 2013 at pp 24–27

[note: 41]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 24(b)

[note: 42]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 24(a)

[note: 43]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 102–103

[note: 44]Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 12 March 2014 (“Defendants’
Closing Submissions”) at pp 141–146

[note: 45]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 342–344

[note: 46]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 345–346

[note: 47]Defendants’ Reply Submissions dated 16 April 2014 (“Defendants’
Reply Submissions”) at para 40

[note: 48]Notes of Evidence dated 29 January 2014, Day 8, at p 149 lines 10–14

[note: 49]Notes of Evidence dated 29 January 2014, Day 8, at p 150 line 4 – p
151 line 4

[note: 50]Notes of Evidence dated 29 January 2014, Day 8, at p 158 line 1

[note: 51]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 71

[note: 52]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 70

[note: 53]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 269

[note: 54]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 302–305

[note: 55]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 326–327

[note: 56]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 328

[note: 57]Defence (Amendment No 2) dated 18 April 2013 at paras 2(b), 4 and 8

[note: 58]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 79

[note: 59]Notes of Evidence dated 29 January 2014, Day 8, at p 147 line 23

[note: 60]Notes of Evidence dated 29 January 2014, Day 8, at p 161 line 7 – p
162 line 7

[note: 61]Joint AEIC at paras 21(2) and (3)

[note: 62]Notes of Evidence dated 21 January 2014, Day 4, at p 99 line 23

[note: 63]Notes of Evidence dated 21 January 2014, Day 4, at p 97 lines 12–14

[note: 64]Notes of Evidence dated 23 January 2014, Day 6, at p 32 lines 18–21

[note: 65]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 164–165

[note: 66]Notes of Evidence dated 15 January 2014, Day 1, at p 188 lines 27–32

[note: 67]Notes of Evidence dated 16 January 2014, Day 2, at p 45 lines 11–21

[note: 68]Notes of Evidence dated 15 January 2014, Day 1, at p 180 lines 18–25

[note: 69]Notes of Evidence dated 29 January 2014, Day 8, at p 78 line 25 – p
79 line 16

[note: 70]Defendants’ Reply Submissions at paras 23–26

[note: 71]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 62

[note: 72]Agreed Bundle vol 2 at p 290

[note: 73]Agreed Bundle vol 2 at p 292

[note: 74]Agreed Bundle vol 2 at p 295

[note: 75]Notes of Evidence dated 28 January 2014, Day 7, at p 76 line 1 – p
77 line 6

[note: 76]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 366

[note: 77]Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions dated 14 April 2014 at para 210

[note: 78]Cheo’s Affidavit at para 45

[note: 79]Cheo’s Affidavit at para 46

[note: 80]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 190

[note: 81]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at pp 203–210

[note: 82]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 207

[note: 83]Agreed Bundle vol 1 at p 208

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Jul 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

