Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Per Ah Seng Robin and another _v_ Housing and Development Board and
another  
[2014] SGHC 270

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 440 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 December 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kirpal Singh s/o Hakam Singh (Kirpal & Associates) for
the applicants; Dhillon Dinesh Singh and Teh Shi Ying (Allen & Gledhill LLP)
for the first respondent; Khoo Boo Jin, Ang Ming Sheng Terence and Kanesh
Balasubramaniam (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the second respondent.  
Parties| :|  ROBIN PER AH SENG — TEE BEE KIAW — HOUSING AND DEVELOPMENT BOARD
— ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S CHAMBERS  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 188 of
2014 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 30 November 2015. See [2015] SGCA
62.]

22 December 2014|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 This originating summons (“OS 440/2014”) was brought by the applicants,
Robin Per Ah Seng (“Mr Per”) and Tee Bee Kiaw (“Mdm Tee”) (referred to
collectively as “the Applicants”), for leave to file an application for a
quashing order in respect of four decisions made by the respondents, the
Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) and the Minister for National
Development (“the Minister”) (referred to collectively as “the Respondents”).
The Minister was represented by the Attorney General. Three of the four
decisions were made by HDB while one was made by the Minister. The decisions
sought to be impugned by the Applicants were as follows:

(a) HDB’s notice of intention dated 6 October 2010, served pursuant to ss
56(1)(h) and 56(3) of the Housing and Development Act (Cap 129, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”), to compulsorily acquire the Applicants’ 4-room flat in Bukit
Batok (“the Property”);

(b) HDB’s decision under s 56(5) of the Act to reject the Applicants’ appeal;

(c) the Minister’s decision under s 56(6) of the Act to reject the Applicants’
further appeal; and

(d) HDB’s notice of vesting dated 20 April 2011, issued pursuant to s 57 of
the Act.

The parties agreed to have the present application heard on a consolidated
basis, where the application for leave would be heard together with the
substantive merits of the case.

2 The parties first came before me on 31 October 2014. After hearing the
parties’ submissions, I adjourned the hearing for the Applicants to request,
on an urgent basis, the record of changes in the Applicants’ address with the
Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”). The ICA provided the details on
5 November 2014 and the parties appeared before me again on 6 November 2014.
After hearing further arguments concerning the information provided by the
ICA, I dismissed the present application on the basis that it was made beyond
the three-month period set out in O 53 r 1(6) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“RC”) and also that the Applicants failed on the
substantive merits of the case. The Applicants have appealed against my
decision. I now set out the grounds for my decision.

The facts

The purchase and the subletting of the Property

3 The Applicants purchased the Property on 1 October 2007 for $368,000 under
the HDB’s Public Scheme. A concessionary interest rate loan was provided by
HDB in the amount of $288,000.

4 On 21 January 2009, the Applicants entered into a corporate tenancy
agreement with Offshore Construction Specialist Pte Ltd (“Offshore
Construction”) for the subletting of two bedrooms at a rate of $2,050 per
month. The period of the lease was 24 months commencing on 1 February 2009 and
ending on 31 January 2011.

The inspection of the Property

5 On 23 December 2009, HDB received an anonymous tip-off alleging that the
Applicants were subletting the entire flat. The informant also claimed that
the Applicants were residing in a condominium known as the Blue Horizon.

6 On 25 May 2010, officers from the HDB conducted an inspection of the
Property. During the inspection, a signed statement was obtained from one Mr
Sayeh Dedi Mahdy (“Mr Sayeh”), an employee of Offshore Construction residing
in the Property at that point in time. For ease of reference, the contents of
the statement are reproduced below:

1\. I have rented the above flat from the owners since Feb 2009 till date.

2\. I am occupying the flat with 2 other flatmates.

3\. The monthly rental is paid by my employer.

4\. The monthly utilities bills are paid by my employer.

5\. The owners did not reside in the flat.

Apart from the signed statement, the HDB officers also took photographs of the
living room, the three bedrooms and the kitchen. Coloured copies of those
photographs were tendered by Mr Khoo Boo Jin (“Mr Khoo”) from the Attorney-
General’s Chambers (“AGC”) at the hearing on 31 October 2014.

7 Mr Wong Yew Wah (“Mr Wong”), one of the HDB officers who conducted the
inspection, filed an affidavit with the following observations concerning the
state of the Property:

(a) there were ashtrays containing cigarette butts on the table in the living
room;

(b) there was a strong smell of smoke;

(c) Mr Sayeh and his two flatmates each occupied a bedroom in the Property;

(d) the bedrooms were sparsely furnished and each bedroom contained only a
single bed;

(e) there were no personal effects in any of the rooms to suggest that a
family of three had resided in it; and

(f) the tenants hung their laundered marine uniforms in front of the fridge
and above the kitchen cabinets.

The letter of intention

8 Based on the evidence it had gathered thus far, HDB was of the view that
there were sufficient grounds to establish that the Applicants were not
residing in the Property. A letter of intention dated 17 July 2010 (“the
letter of intention”) was sent by post to the Applicants with the following
contents:

Our investigations revealed that you have sublet your flat to Mr Sayeh Dedi
Mahdy ... and his 2 flatmates from the month of Feb 09 without HDB’s prior
written consent and that you and your family are not in continuous physical
occupation of the flat. This is a breach of the terms of the flat lease and an
infringement under section 56(1) of [the Act].

... The HDB is thus intending to **compulsorily acquire** your flat for the
infringement under s 56(1)(h) of the [the Act]. _All payments received by the
HDB from you shall be strictly on a without prejudice basis and all our rights
of action against you are hereby strictly reserved_. In the meantime, please
take immediate steps to evict the unauthorised occupiers/unauthorised sub-
tenant from your flat.

[emphasis in original]

It was not disputed that the Applicants failed to respond to the letter of
intention.

The notice of intention

9 Given the lack of response from the Applicants, HDB proceeded to serve a
notice of intention by pasting it on the main door of the Property on 6
October 2010. The relevant portions of the notice are set out below:

Please take notice that pursuant to Section 56(1)(h) of [the Act], the [HDB]
intends to compulsorily acquire the above flat on the ground that you have
sublet your flat without obtaining prior written consent of HDB.

The [HDB] has further decided that the compensation payable for the
acquisition of the above flat shall be the sum of $286,500.00. ...

Your attention is drawn to sub-sections (4), (5) and (6) of Section 56 of [the
Act]. The sub-sections are printed overleaf for your information. **YOUR
ATTENTION IS ALSO DRAWN TO THE NOTE PRINTED OVERLEAF.**

[emphasis in original]

As discussed above, this notice of intention dated 6 October 2010 was one of
the decisions being challenged by the Applicants.

The letter of objection to HDB

10 On 28 October 2010, the Applicants sent a letter of objection to HDB
pursuant to s 56(4) of the Act. The Applicants made the following points in
the letter of objection:

(a) The Applicants had entered into a corporate tenancy agreement with
Offshore Construction and the particulars of the subtenants were registered
with HDB.

(b) The Applicants did not sublet the entire Property to the tenants.

(c) The Applicants continued to reside in one of the common bedrooms in the
Property.

(d) The Applicants had stayed temporarily at the first Applicant’s mother’s
flat to take care of her due to her poor health after the demise of his
father.

(e) The Applicants shuffled between the mother’s flat and the Property and
there was never any intention to “vacate the room [in the Property] without
living there”.

(f) The Applicants did not permit any of the occupiers to live in their
bedroom. The room was left unlocked and the Applicants “did not give explicit
permission to the occupier sleeping in the room that was kept for our own
occupation”.

(g) The Applicants were negotiating for the termination of the tenancy
agreement and for all occupiers to vacate the flat.

11 The Applicants also enclosed a copy of the tenancy agreement and the
registration of the particulars of the occupiers.

The rejection by HDB

12 In a letter dated 29 November 2010, HDB informed the Applicants that their
appeal was unsuccessful. The Applicants were also informed that under s 56(6)
of the Act, HDB would proceed to vest legal ownership of the Property in
itself in the event that no further appeal was made to the Minister within 28
days from the date of service of the letter of rejection. Apart from that, HDB
further emphasised that subletting of the whole flat without HDB’s prior
approval was an infringement of the lease and the Act. In this respect, HDB
stated that proprietors “who commit the infringement are liable to have their
flat compulsorily acquired”.

The letter of appeal to the Minister

13 By way of a letter dated 27 December 2010, the Applicants exercised their
right of further appeal to the Minister under s 56(6) of the Act. In this
letter, the Applicants stated that the breach was a one-off incident and that
they did not commit the breach with the intention of taking advantage of
government-subsidised flats for personal financial gain. The Applicants
emphasised that they had purchased the Property from the resale market and
that no government grant had been obtained for the purchase. Apart from that,
the Applicants stated that they had rectified the breach immediately by
terminating the tenancy and that the occupiers had since vacated the Property.
The Applicants also mentioned that they would accept any form of penalty on
account of the breach but the compulsory acquisition of the Property was “too
harsh”. Finally, the Applicants appealed for compassion in the hope that the
Minister would take into consideration the reason behind their temporary move
to the mother’s home due to her poor health.

The rejection by the Minister

14 By way of a letter dated 14 March 2011, HDB informed the Applicants that
their appeal to the Minister under s 56(6) of the Act was unsuccessful. It was
further stated that steps would be taken to vest legal ownership of the
Property in HDB. The Applicants were also informed that they had to return
vacant possession of the Property to HDB within 30 days of the service of the
notice of vesting.

The vesting of the Property in HDB

15 Subsequently, HDB lodged the relevant instrument with the Registrar of
Titles on 7 April 2011 and title of the Property was vested in HDB on 11 April
2011. On 29 April 2011, HDB served the notice of vesting on the Applicants,
informing them that title in the Property had vested in HDB on 11 April 2011.
The Applicants were told to remove all furniture and belongings from the
Property. It was also stated that HDB would take possession of the Property on
the expiry of 30 days from the date of the notice. As discussed above, this
notice was also one of the decisions sought to be challenged by the
Applicants.

The appeals by the Member of Parliament

16 Meanwhile, after the Applicants received the letter of rejection dated 14
March 2011 (see [14] above), they proceeded to seek help from a Member of
Parliament (“the MP”). There were multiple exchanges of letters between the
MP, HDB and the Applicants. The contents of these letters written by the MP on
behalf of the Applicants were largely similar. In fact, the arguments raised
in these letters were largely consistent with the position that the Applicants
had adopted in their appeal letters to HDB and the Minister. For the purposes
of the present application, it is only necessary to highlight two additional
points that surfaced in the course of these exchanges.

17 First, in a letter written by the MP to HDB dated 24 February 2012, it was
highlighted that Mr Per had parked his car at a condominium known as The Jade
as Mdm Tee’s sister had a unit there. A letter dated “5 October 2011-10”,
purportedly written on behalf of MCST 2923 (_ie_ , the MCST of The Jade), was
enclosed with the MP’s letter. The letter from MCST 2923 stated as follows:

We would like to confirm that the vehicle car number SJH 4098G was parking at
our Premises, The Jade from August 2008 to August 2010.

The writer of the letter was not identified.

18 Second, in the same letter from the MP dated 24 February 2012, a letter
from one Mr Cahya Adi Kurniawan (“Mr Cahya”), an employee of Offshore
Construction who had resided in the Property, was enclosed. In that letter, it
was stated that the Property had three bedrooms, out of which only two
bedrooms were leased to Offshore Construction. Mr Cahya alleged that the HDB
officers conducting the inspection had claimed to be from the “Environment
Department”. Mr Cahya further stated that they had informed the HDB officers
that they were occupying the whole flat as they were operating under the
impression that the inspection was for the purpose of assessing whether the
number of persons staying in the Property was acceptable for occupational
health. Mr Cahya reiterated that only two rooms were leased to Offshore
Construction. This letter from Mr Cahya was dated 5 November 2011.

The appointment of solicitors

19 HDB maintained its position that the Minister’s decision was final and that
no further appeal was allowed under the Act. On 24 January 2013, HDB sent a
final reminder letter to the Applicants, informing them that HDB would proceed
to recover vacant possession of the Property. HDB eventually recovered
possession of the Property on 26 April 2013. This was followed by a letter
dated 31 May 2013, in which HDB attached a completion account setting out the
compensation sum awarded, the amount applied towards the discharge of the
outstanding mortgage and the amount refunded to the Applicants’ CPF accounts.

20 The Applicants proceeded to instruct Kirpal & Associates (“the Solicitors”)
and a letter dated 14 June 2013 was sent to HDB by the Solicitors, requesting
HDB to hold its hands as full instructions were being taken. This was followed
by another series of exchanges between HDB and the Solicitors. Although most
of the substantive arguments remained unchanged, as will be seen subsequently,
the Solicitors adopted a more legalistic approach in its exchanges with HDB.
The basis and legality of HDB’s decision were called into question and it was
stated that legal proceedings would have to be commenced in the event that HDB
refused to withdraw its earlier decision. Further discussions and interviews
were conducted between HDB and the Applicants. HDB also sought further
evidence from the Applicants. These include, among other things, scanned
copies of the Applicants’ passport.

21 Nevertheless, nothing came out of the exchanges between the Solicitors and
HDB. On 4 April 2014, HDB sent a letter to the Solicitors, informing them that
HDB was unable to withdraw the notice of intention and the notice of vesting.
On 15 May 2014, the Applicants commenced this originating summons.

The parties’ arguments

22 At the outset, all parties were in agreement that the subject matter of the
present application was susceptible to judicial review and that the Applicants
had sufficient interest in the matter. I set out below a summary of the
salient arguments presented by each party.

The Applicants’ arguments

23 In relation to the issue of whether the application was filed out of time,
the Applicants relied on two main arguments. First, it was submitted that for
the purpose of computing the three-month timeframe set out in O 53 r 1(6) of
the RC, reference must be taken from the final rejection letter sent by HDB on
4 April 2014. On this basis, it was argued that the present application,
having been commenced on 15 May 2014, was within the three-month timeframe.

24 Second, the Applicants argued that they were able to account for the delay
to the satisfaction of the court on the facts of the present case. It was
submitted that the Applicants had taken conscientious and concerted efforts to
resolve the matter and that there was no lapse, neglect or inaction in the
conduct of the appeals to HDB and the Minister. It was emphasised that the
Applicants honestly believed that the outstanding matter could be resolved and
that they were ignorant of the legal steps required. The Applicants also
highlighted that HDB, in the course of replying to the letters sent by the
Solicitors, made multiple requests for the Applicants to “hold their hands”.
It was submitted that as a matter of logic and fair play, the Respondents
should be barred from raising any issue of delay.

25 In relation to the substantive merits of the case, the Applicants relied on
the three grounds of review set out in the Court of Appeal decision of
_Attorney-General v Venice-Simplon Orient Express Inc Ltd_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 533
(“ _AG v Venice-Simplon_ ”), namely, illegality, irrationality and procedural
impropriety.

26 On the ground of illegality, the Applicants submitted that HDB bore the
burden of establishing the precedent fact that the Applicants had sublet their
entire flat without the consent of HDB. It was argued that HDB had failed in
this respect. The Applicants also highlighted that the notice of intention
served by HDB was defective as there was a lack of particulars concerning the
allegations made against the Applicants. More importantly, it was submitted
that the Respondents had misdirected themselves in law and on the facts of the
present case. First, the Applicants argued that they had entered into a
corporate tenancy agreement with Offshore Construction, which was approved by
HDB. On that basis, it was argued that there was no subletting of the entire
Property, as alleged by HDB. Second, the Applicants submitted that any breach
on their part was only a contractual breach, as opposed to a statutory breach.
Third, the Applicants highlighted the fact that HDB’s decision to compulsorily
acquire the Property was based on the lack of continuous occupation by the
Applicants. It was argued that the requirement for continuous occupation was
not provided for in s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act and there was no statutory
presumption that any failure to continuously occupy the Property would amount
to illegal subletting. The Applicants submitted that, in any event, there was
no evidence to suggest that they had not been in continuous occupation of the
Property. With reference to foreign case authorities, it was argued that
occupation, in the strict legal sense, did not require actual continuous
physical presence. In this regard, the Applicants submitted that a sufficient
measure of control to prevent strangers from interfering would suffice. It was
therefore argued that there was insufficient evidence to establish that the
Applicants had failed to continuously occupy the Property.

27 With regard to the ground of irrationality, the Applicants mostly relied on
the arguments raised in relation to the ground of illegality. It was submitted
that the Respondents’ main contention that the Applicants had sublet the
Property without HDB’s consent could not stand as HDB had approved the
corporate tenancy in relation to the subletting of the two bedrooms. The
Applicants further argued that the Respondents’ “obsession with the notion of
continuous physical occupation ... being synonymous with illegal subletting”
was a misdirection and error in law and on the facts.

28 Finally, on the ground of procedural impropriety, the Applicants submitted
that the Respondents had breached the rules of natural justice. The discussion
on the ground of procedural impropriety was, unfortunately, rather haphazard
with multiple overlapping points. The gist of the Applicants’ case appeared to
revolve around the non-disclosure of the following evidence:

(a) the private investigation report;

(b) the anonymous tip-off;

(c) the inspection of the Property; and

(d) the written statement by Mr Sayeh.

It was argued that the non-disclosure on the part of the Respondents prevented
the Applicants from commenting on or rebutting the adverse evidence relied
upon by the Respondents. Apart from that, the Applicants also raised the issue
of Mr Sayeh’s written statement as being hearsay evidence. It was submitted
that the statement by Mr Sayeh was not inconsistent with the Applicants’
position that they had entered into a corporate tenancy agreement with
Offshore Construction. There were also some brief arguments on whether the
Applicants had “confessed” to the breach and the weight to be attributed to Mr
Cahya’s statement. With respect, I was unable to appreciate how these
arguments were relevant to the ground of procedural impropriety. The
Applicants also argued that their failure to update Mr Sayeh’s particulars
with HDB did not justify the compulsory acquisition of the Property. It was
submitted that the Applicants had a legitimate expectation of receiving only a
penalty of up to $3,000 for such non-compliance. Once again, I was unable to
follow the Applicants’ arguments as the Respondents’ basis for the compulsory
acquisition was evidently _not_ the Applicants’ failure to update Mr Sayeh’s
particulars with HDB.

HDB’s arguments

29 On the issue of whether the application was filed out of time, HDB
highlighted that there was a substantial delay of more than three years. It
was further submitted that the Applicants had failed to adequately account for
the substantial delay in making the present application. In this regard, HDB
argued that the absence of wilful delay, or the demonstration of diligence and
earnestness in appealing to HDB, could not amount to a sufficient basis for an
extension of time to be granted. HDB emphasised that it had repeatedly
informed the Applicants that the Minister’s decision was final. On this basis,
HDB sought to argue that a claimant should not be allowed to get around the
time limit by writing a fresh letter to the authority and then characterising
any reply from the authority as a fresh decision. It was further argued that a
consultative process was an inherent feature of a public statutory body such
as HDB and that any continuous engagement with members of the public such as
the Applicants should not be construed as an implied waiver of the three-month
time limit. In response to the Applicants’ argument that they were ignorant of
the law, HDB submitted that Mr Per was a grassroots leader and had a
reasonable level of political awareness, as demonstrated in the appeal letters
submitted to HDB and the Minister. HDB further argued that in any event, the
Solicitors were appointed in June 2013 and the Applicants must have been
informed about the three-month time limit then. With regard to the Applicants’
submission that the time limit should commence on 4 April 2014, HDB
counteracted that there was no “main catalyst” to justify it being regarded as
a fresh decision. Finally, HDB also argued that allowing the Applicants to
review the decisions in spite of the substantial delay would give rise to
prejudice and detriment.

30 On the ground of illegality, it was argued that HDB had not exceeded the
scope of its powers under s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act in issuing the notice of
intention to compulsorily acquire the Property. First, HDB submitted that a
dynamic construction of s 56(1)(_h_) should be adopted for the purpose of
giving effect to the legislative intention behind the provision. It was argued
that the primary legislative intent behind the provision was to empower HDB to
compulsorily acquire flats that were not used for the purposes of occupation
and residence. Second, HDB argued that in the interpretation of s 56(1)(_h_),
weight should be given to the established application of a statutory provision
in practice. On this basis, it was submitted that it has been HDB’s
“invariable practice” to rely on s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act when dealing with
owners who failed to be in continuous physical occupation of the flat. Third,
in relation to the Applicants’ argument that the breach was contractual in
nature, HDB contended that this did not, in any event, preclude HDB from
exercising its discretion in determining which limb of s 56(1) to rely on for
the purpose of compulsorily acquiring the Property. Finally, HDB submitted
that the court should have regard to the official statements and guidelines
released by HDB in so far as they are useful and persuasive in identifying the
specific manner of behaviour that s 56(1)(_h_) will apply to.

31 In relation to the ground of irrationality, HDB first argued that the
policy requiring owners to be in continuous physical occupation of their flats
was not irrational. It was further submitted that based on the facts and
evidence available in the present case, it was neither irrational nor
unreasonable for HDB to have arrived at the view that the Applicants were in
breach of s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act.

32 On the ground of procedural impropriety, HDB submitted that the requirement
of procedural fairness was heavily dependent on the facts of the case, which
turned largely on the nature of the adjudicating body and the governing
statute. HDB relied mainly on the assertion that the Applicants had understood
the gist of the evidence against them. In support of this proposition, HDB
referred to the appeal letters written to HDB and the Minister, where the
Applicants had made meaningful and focused representations to address the
allegations made against them. HDB argued that the level of disclosure was
sufficient and that there was no procedural unfairness. Apart from that, HDB
also relied on other considerations, such as the need for confidentiality and
public interest in allowing HDB to carry out its investigative functions
effectively, to justify its decision not to disclose all available evidence to
the Applicants. It was further argued that HDB had, in any event, provided
sufficient reasons. This was evinced in the appeal letters written by the
Applicants, where they had understood the nature of the allegations against
them and the rationale behind HDB’s decision to compulsorily acquire the
Property.

The Minister’s arguments

33 At the outset, I note that there was a significant degree of overlap
between HDB’s arguments and those of the Minister. I will therefore only set
out the arguments which were raised by AGC only.

34 AGC started off by pointing out that the Applicants did not seek any relief
or remedy in respect of the vesting of the Property in HDB and the
cancellation of the Applicants’ mortgage by the Registrar of Titles on 11
April 2011. It was argued that even if all the quashing orders sought by the
Applicants were granted, the application would still be “futile” unless there
was some way of “unwinding” the transactions completed before 2014.

35 With regard to the issue concerning the three-month time limit set out in O
53 r 1(6) of the RC, AGC argued that the courts have granted an extension of
time only in “exceptional circumstances”, such as where it was unclear to the
aggrieved party which event was the final decision to challenge. It was
submitted that this was not met on the facts here. AGC argued that the
Applicants had, on their own accord, chosen to rely on non-statutory avenues,
such as the appeal made through the MP, in the belief that such avenues would
yield favourable results. As a result of the Applicants’ own decision, the
three-month time period had long expired. It was also argued that by making
such non-statutory appeals to HDB and the Minister, the Applicants were
effectively seeking the Respondents’ indulgence to consider such appeals. In
this respect, AGC argued that it was absurd for the Applicants to now suggest
that the Respondents had contributed to the delay.

36 In relation to the ground of illegality, AGC first pointed out that the
Applicants had “parted with the possession of the whole flat” as evidenced by
the Applicants’ own admission that they were not in continuous physical
occupation of the Property. In response to the Applicants’ arguments that
there was no unauthorised subletting of the entire flat, AGC relied on the
following chain of logic. AGC referred to HDB’s terms and conditions for the
subletting of bedrooms, wherein it was stated that HDB’s general consent was
premised on, among other things, the owners and all authorised occupiers
continuing to reside in the flat at all times during the period of subletting.
Given that the Applicants had failed to reside in the Property, HDB’s general
consent for the subletting of the bedrooms was not applicable. The subletting
of the bedrooms in the Property was therefore unauthorised subletting of the
entire flat.

37 On the ground of irrationality, AGC submitted that there was ample basis
for HDB and the Minister to arrive at the decision for the Property to be
compulsorily acquired under s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act. In response to the
Applicants’ argument that the tenancy agreement was only in relation to the
two bedrooms, AGC submitted that the intention of the parties was an important
consideration in determining the relationship of landlord and tenant. It was
further argued that the intention of the parties must be gleaned not from the
mere words of the agreement but from its substance and the conduct of the
parties, together with the surrounding circumstances of the case. AGC
submitted that on the facts of the present case, the Applicants had sublet the
entire flat.

38 With regard to the ground of procedural impropriety, AGC submitted that
there was no statutory requirement for HDB to disclose to the affected owner
all the grounds or evidence relied upon by HDB. It was further argued that HDB
had, in any event, disclosed the gist of its case to the Applicants at a very
early stage (_ie_ , in its letter of intention dated 17 July 2010). AGC
submitted that the Applicants had a fair opportunity to put forward their own
case and to correct or contradict HDB’s case against them. Finally, it was
also argued that even if there had been insufficient disclosure, the
application should still be dismissed as any further disclosure would not have
made a difference given that the Applicants could not have presented any
ground-breaking evidence or submissions and would still lose the case.

The decision of the court

The three-month time period in O 53 r 1(6) of the RC

39 An application for leave to apply for a quashing order must be made within
three months from the date of the decision or proceeding sought to be quashed,
unless the delay is accounted for to the satisfaction of the court. This
requirement is set out in O 53 r 1(6) of the RC, which states as follows:

Notwithstanding the foregoing, leave shall not be granted to apply for a
Quashing Order to remove any judgment, order, conviction or other proceeding
for the purpose of its being quashed, _unless the application for leave is
made within 3 months after the date of the proceeding_ or such other period
(if any) as may be prescribed by any written law or, except where a period is
so prescribed, _the delay is accounted for to the satisfaction of the Judge_
to whom the application for leave is made; and where the proceeding is subject
to appeal and a time is limited by law for the bringing of the appeal, the
Judge may adjourn the application for leave until the appeal is determined or
the time for appealing has expired.

[emphasis added]

In addressing the question of whether an application for leave to apply for a
quashing order should be dismissed on account of delay, there are two issues
that have to be dealt with. First, there is a need to ascertain when the
three-month period is taken to have commenced. Second, after having done so,
in the event that the application for leave is made after the three-month
period, the issue then is whether the applicant has accounted for the delay to
the satisfaction of the court.

40 In relation to the first issue, the Applicants have sought to argue that
the three-month period should only start running from 4 April 2014, the date
on which HDB had sent its final rejection letter. I was unable to accept this
argument for the following reasons.

41 In the Court of Appeal decision of _Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector
of Land Revenue_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 568 (“ _Teng Fuh Holdings_ ”), it was held
that the three-month period starts to run from the date on which the right to
seek relief arises. In that case, the applicant sought to rely on a rejection
letter sent by the Ministry of Law in response to an appeal by the applicant
for its land to be returned. The Court of Appeal rejected the applicant’s
argument and made the following observations at [17]–[18]:

17 As we see it, the date must relate to the proceeding, and it should be the
_date on which the right to seek relief arises_. In the situation where a
declaration is issued for the acquisition of the appellant’s land, the
appellant’s right to apply to quash the declaration arises on the _date of the
declaration and time must run from that date_. ...

18 However, the rule allows for some flexibility. It allows the time of filing
to be extended where the delay is “accounted for to the satisfaction of the
Judge to whom the application is made.” The onus is on the applicant to
account for the delay.

[emphasis added]

42 Applying the principles set out above, the three-month period in the
present case should run from the date of the rejection letter by the Minister
(_ie_ , 14 March 2011). The statutory framework set out in s 56 of the Act is
such that the decision of the Minister is final and that there is to be no
further appeal from the Minister’s decision. On that basis, the date on which
the Minister rejected the Applicants’ appeal would be the date on which the
Applicants’ right to seek relief arose. There was no other statutory avenue
for a further appeal against the Minister’s decision and the Applicants’ only
legal recourse would be to commence judicial review proceedings.

43 In any event, it is noted that HDB proceeded to vest the Property in itself
and subsequently issued a notice of vesting on 20 April 2011. This is the
latest decision sought to be impugned by the Applicants. Even if the three-
month period is taken to have commenced from this date, the present
application was still filed more than three years later.

44 Apart from that, the Applicants’ argument that time should start to run
from the date of HDB’s rejection letter dated 4 April 2014 was also untenable
as the effect of adopting such an approach would be to render the three-month
limit under O 53 r 1(6) ineffectual. Any potential applicant would be able to
get around the three-month limit by writing to the decision-making authority
and then characterising any reply from that authority as a fresh decision from
which the three-month period is taken to have commenced. As discussed above,
the applicant in _Teng Fuh Holdings_ attempted to mount a similar argument but
this was rejected by the Court of Appeal.

45 The Applicants have also relied on the High Court decision of _UDL Marine
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_ [2011] 3 SLR 94 (“ _UDL v JTC_ ”) in
support of their argument that time should start running from HDB’s final
rejection letter. In that case, the tenant’s lease was due to expire and it
had written to the landlord to renew the lease. The landlord informed the
tenant on 20 November 2009 that it would not be renewing the lease. The tenant
then wrote multiple letters to the landlord and the Economic Development Board
(“EDB”). On 19 May 2010, the landlord wrote to the tenant to inform it that
after evaluating the tenant’s business plans, the landlord and EDB were unable
to support the tenant’s application for renewal of the lease. In relation to
the issue of whether the application was made beyond the three-month period
stipulated in O 53 r 1(6) of the RC, Lai Siu Chiu J held that time started
running from the _second_ rejection letter (_ie_ , 19 May 2010) as opposed to
the _first_ rejection letter (_ie_ , 20 November 2009). It was observed that
the tenant’s right to seek relief only arose at the time of the second
rejection letter. Lai J was of the view that although the landlord had
indicated in the first rejection letter that its decision was final, its
conduct after that letter “suggested that it was open to reconsidering its
decision”. A clear indication of the landlord’s willingness to reconsider its
decision was found in a letter sent by the landlord after the first rejection
letter, where it had stated that the landlord and EDB would jointly review the
tenant’s business plans and give their joint assessment in due course.

46 In my judgment, the facts of the present case were significantly
dissimilar. Unlike the case in _UDL v JTC_ , HDB had, on multiple occasions,
informed the Applicants that the Minister’s decision was final and not open to
review or challenge. Up to the point in time when the Solicitors were
instructed by the Applicants, there was no reason to suggest that HDB was open
to reconsidering its decision. This is a significant difference from the
factual matrix in _UDL v JTC_. Apart from that, it must be recognised that
_UDL v JTC_ was a case involving the renewal of a lease. After the first
rejection letter was sent by the landlord, the only semblance of finality in
the landlord’s decision was the indication in the letter that its decision was
final. This can be contrasted with the facts of the present case where there
exists a clear statutory framework setting out the entire appeal process. In
this regard, s 56(6) of the Act expressly states that “the decision of the
Minister shall be final and not open to review or challenge on any ground
whatsoever”. This was the basis on which HDB maintained its position that it
was unable to consider the Applicants’ repeated appeals. In the present case,
there was no indication to suggest that HDB was open to reconsidering its
decision. Therefore, the three-month period must be taken to have commenced
from the date of the Minister’s rejection. As mentioned above at [43], even if
time is taken to have started running from the date HDB served the notice of
vesting, the application would still be out of time given that it was
commenced more than three years later.

47 Having found that the application was made after the three-month period set
out in O 53 r 1(6) of the RC, the remaining question was whether the
Applicants had accounted for the delay to the satisfaction of the court. In
this regard, the Applicants relied on a few arguments which I will address
individually.

48 First, the Applicants argued that they had taken conscientious and
concerted efforts to resolve the matter and that there was no lapse, neglect
or inaction in their conduct of the appeals to HDB and the Minister. In my
view, the fact that the Applicants had complied with the timelines vis-à-vis
the statutory avenues of appeal was of limited relevance to the issue of
whether the application for leave to commence judicial review proceedings was
unduly delayed. In fact, HDB had repeatedly informed the Applicants that it
was not in a position to consider their appeals given that the Minister’s
decision was final. In such circumstances, even if it were accepted that the
Applicants had pursued the statutory avenues of appeal expeditiously, that
would not provide any justification why the present application was only taken
out three years after the Applicants had exhausted their rights to appeal
under the statutory framework.

49 The Applicants also sought to rely on the High Court decision of _Chai
Chwan v Singapore Medical Council_ [2009] SGHC 115, where Belinda Ang Saw Ean
J held that the delay was satisfactorily accounted for given that the
applicant had formed a view of the subject matter giving rise to the
application for judicial review only after the disclosure of certain
information by the respondent. In fact, it was observed (at [20]) that the
applicant only realised that he was charged with a different case from that
originally alleged against him after he was notified of the charges.

50 The facts in the present case were clearly different. There was no reason
to suggest that the Applicants only formed a view of their case more than
three years after the Minister had rejected their appeal. As reflected in
their multiple letters of appeal to both HDB and the Minister (which were
drafted more than three years ago), the Applicants clearly knew the grounds
HDB was relying on and the broad allegations that were made against them. The
Court of Appeal in _Teng Fuh Holdings_ held that the applicant had not
accounted for the delay as it had “the interest, the knowledge and the means
to have acquired the information to make its application long before it filed
the same in September 2005”. The facts in the present case were more akin to
those in _Teng Fuh Holdings_ , where the Applicants were aware of the facts
necessary to commence judicial proceedings long before the application was
actually taken out.

51 Apart from that, the Applicants have also relied on the fact that HDB had
continued engaging them and had even requested the Applicants to “hold their
hands”. It was argued that as a matter of logic and fair play, the Respondents
should be barred from raising any issue of delay now. In my view, HDB’s
engagement with the Applicants was a matter of courtesy and should not be
construed legalistically as either an extension of the three-month period or a
reconsideration of the original decision. In this respect, the Applicants had
even gone to the extent of approaching the MP to write appeal letters to HDB
on their behalf. In the circumstances, it would be unreasonable to expect HDB
to remain completely silent and not engage the Applicants at all. In fact,
HDB’s replies to the Applicants and the MP’s letters must be read in the
context of its repeated assertions that the Minister’s decision was final and
not open to review or challenge. HDB had reminded the Applicants on multiple
occasions that no further appeal was allowed under the Act and that it was not
in a position to consider the Applicants’ appeal. In this regard, I accept
HDB’s submission that as a public agency, it was proper for HDB to respond to
any further queries from the Applicants in relation to the compulsory
acquisition of the Property. Of course, it may be prudent for public agencies
that are placed in similar situations in the future to expressly state that
such engagement was made on a without prejudice basis and should not be
construed as a reconsideration of the original decision.

52 With regard to HDB’s request that the Applicants “hold their hands” and the
further engagement between the parties after the appointment of the
Solicitors, I am of the view that HDB’s conduct must be viewed with the
context in mind. Prior to the appointment of the Solicitors, the general tenor
of the appeal letters written by the Applicants and the MP was for HDB and the
Minister to reconsider the decision to compulsorily acquire the Property.
Further evidence, such as Mr Cahya’s statement and the letter from the MCST,
were provided to HDB for the purpose of seeking a reversal of the decision.
After the Solicitors were appointed, it was apparent that there was a change
in tack by the Applicants. In the first substantive letter dated 9 July 2013,
written by the Solicitors on behalf of the Applicants, it was stated as
follows:

As such, kindly let us have the **_basis of your assertion that our clients
had sublet out their entire flat_**.

Further, in your letter of 17 July 2010, you have indicated that your “
_investigations_ ” had revealed that our clients had sublet their flat. Kindly
confirm the **_basis and particulars of those investigations_**.

You have also informed our clients that you had “ _engaged the services of a
private investigator to investigate on the Flat_ ”. Kindly let us have **_a
copy of the Report from the Private Investigator_**.

Please let us have your response on the above by close of business Monday 15
July 2013. Please let us know if you are prepared to withdraw your Notice and
Vesting Order against our clients, **_failing which, our clients would have to
seek redress through the Courts_** , which we trust will not be necessary.

In the interim, kindly hold your hands in the matter.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

As opposed to the earlier appeal letters written by the Applicants and the MP,
it appears that the Solicitors were then attempting to challenge the basis and
legality of HDB’s decision and the allegations made against the Applicants. It
was also expressly stated that the Applicants would have to commence legal
proceedings if the decision to compulsorily acquire the Property was not
withdrawn. In the circumstances, HDB’s response to the Solicitors’ position
must be seen in the context of both parties attempting to settle the
outstanding dispute without having to resort to legal proceedings in court.
Furthermore, it must not be overlooked that the Minister’s decision was final
and shall not be open to review or challenge on any ground whatsoever. The
Minister’s decision to dismiss the Applicants’ appeal was made more than three
years ago. The Applicants’ attempt to “revive” the decision for the purpose of
avoiding the three-month period is therefore without merit.

53 Finally, I note that the Applicants have also attempted to account for the
delay on the basis of their ignorance of the legal steps required. In _Teng
Fuh Holdings_ , the Court of Appeal held that the applicant had not accounted
for the delay because it had the interest, the knowledge and the means to have
acquired the information to make its application long before it filed the
application for leave. Therefore, even if it were accepted that the Applicants
in the present case may not have had the actual knowledge about the need to
commence judicial review proceedings within the three-month period set out in
O 53 r 1(6) of the RC, there was no reason to suggest that the Applicants did
not have the interest or the means to acquire such knowledge. In fact, the
Court of Appeal’s observations in _Teng Fuh Holdings_ was made in the context
of the applicant’s complaint that it was not aware of the occurrence of a
material fact (_ie_ , the land being rezoned), which happened sometime after
the decision sought to be impugned was made. Even then, the Court of Appeal
rejected the applicant’s argument on the basis that the information concerning
the rezoning of the land was already in the public domain since 1993. I am
therefore of the view that ignorance of the three-month period in O 53 r 1(6)
of the RC is not a sufficient basis for the court to grant an extension of
time.

54 For the reasons set out above, I was not satisfied that the Applicants had
accounted for the delay, especially when the length of the delay was
significant given that the present application was only taken out three years
after the date of the latest decision sought to be challenged. On this basis,
the application for leave was dismissed. Given that parties have made
extensive submissions on the substantive merits of the Applicants’ case, I
will also make a few observations on the main arguments put forward by the
parties..

55 Before moving on to the substantive arguments, I note that Mr Khoo had
raised a preliminary objection concerning the quashing orders sought by the
Applicants. It was argued that the remedies sought by the Applicants were
“futile” in so far as the quashing orders did not seek to “unwind” the vesting
of the Property in HDB and the cancellation of the mortgage. While the
quashing orders could have been drafted in a more comprehensive manner, it was
reasonably clear that the Applicants were seeking to quash the decision to
compulsorily acquire the Property. For the avoidance of doubt, I asked counsel
acting on behalf of HDB, Mr Dhillon Dinesh Singh (“Mr Dhillon”), about the
status of the Property. Mr Dhillon informed me that the Property was still
vacant and had not been transferred or resold to any other proprietor. The
decision to compulsorily acquire the Property would therefore still be
reversible from a practical perspective.

56 In fact, while it is observed that the Applicants had specifically sought
to challenge four decisions of the Respondents, the Applicants had approached
the substantive merits of the case on the basis that the Minister had simply
adopted the position taken by HDB. The Applicants submitted that the arguments
made in relation to HDB’s decisions were therefore applicable to the
Minister’s decision as well. Therefore, with the exception of certain specific
issues where a distinction has to be drawn between HDB and the Minister, I
have approached the Applicants’ arguments on the basis that they were directed
collectively at the Respondents.

The substantive merits

57 At the outset, I note that s 56(6) of the Act incorporates what is commonly
referred to as a finality clause:

Any appeal by any owner or interested person aggrieved by the decision of the
Board shall be made to the Minister within 28 days after the date of service
of such decision on the owner or interested person and _the decision of the
Minister shall be final and not open to review or challenge on any ground
whatsoever_.

[emphasis added]

The Respondents have not attempted to raise any arguments concerning the
effect of this clause on the scope of review to be undertaken by the court. In
the course of the hearing, counsel for the Applicants, Mr Kirpal Singh (“Mr
Kirpal”), submitted that the decisions could be challenged on the three
grounds of illegality, irrationality and procedural impropriety. The
Respondents addressed the Applicants’ submissions within the framework of
these three grounds of review.

Illegality

58 In the House of Lords decision of _Council of Civil Service Unions and
others v Minister for the Civil Service_ [1985] 1 AC 374 (“the _GCHQ_ case”),
Lord Diplock made the following observations on the ground of illegality:

By ‘illegality’ as a ground for judicial review I mean that the decision-maker
must understand correctly the law that regulates his decision-making power and
must give effect to it. Whether he has or not is par excellence a justiciable
question to be decided, in the event of dispute by those persons, the judges,
by whom the judicial power of the state is exercisable.

This was cited with approval by the Court of Appeal in _AG v Venice-Simplon_
at [10].

59 It is undisputed that HDB’s decision to compulsorily acquire the Property
was based on s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act, reproduced as follows:

**Board may compulsorily acquire property sold subject to the provisions of
this Part**

56.—(1) The Board may compulsorily acquire any flat, house or other living
accommodation sold subject to the provisions of this Part, whether before or
after 2nd June 1975 —

…

(_h_) if the owner thereof _assigns, underlets or parts with the possession of
the same or any part thereof_ without obtaining the prior written consent of
the Board as required by the lease;

…

[emphasis added]

The parties were in agreement that the Applicants did not assign any part of
the Property and that “underlet” in s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act meant “sublet”.

60 In relation to the ground of illegality, the crux of the Applicants’ case
was that HDB had erred in law when it relied on the Applicants’ break in
continuous occupation of the Property as a basis for the compulsory
acquisition. It was argued that HDB had misdirected itself when it regarded
the Applicants’ failure to reside in the Property as a factor that “converted
the legal subletting into an illegal one”.

61 The grounds set out in s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act are not wholly disjunctive.
There may, in certain circumstances, be a degree of overlap between the
grounds of subletting without prior written consent of HDB and the parting
with the possession of the flat. In that regard, I cannot accept the
Applicants’ attempt to draw a clear line between the grounds set out in s
56(1)(_h_) of the Act. In fact, the establishment of one ground may be
regarded as evidence giving rise to a finding on another ground. For instance,
a proprietor who has failed to continuously occupy the flat may be regarded as
having parted with the possession of the flat without the prior written
consent of HDB. Such a finding may also be evidence that the proprietor had
illegally sublet the flat without HDB’s prior written consent.

62 In the present case, the evidence pointed to the fact that the Applicants
had not been residing in the Property at the material time. This may give rise
to the finding that the Applicants had parted with the possession of the
Property without the prior written consent of HDB. The fact that the
Applicants were not residing in the Property may also be a ground for
establishing that they had sublet the Property without the prior written
consent of HDB. In this regard, there are two different ways of approaching
this issue.

63 First, as Mr Khoo had submitted at the hearing on 31 October 2010, the
general consent granted by HDB is conditional upon the fulfilment of specific
requirements, such as the owners being in continuous occupation of the flat.
In a document titled “Terms and Conditions for Subletting of Bedrooms”, which
was published on HDB’s website, it was expressly stated that:

**_3.2 Registration of Subletting of Bedroom(s) & Provision of Subtenants’
Particulars_**

a. Owners need not seek HDB’s approval to sublet bedroom(s). However, with
effect from 1 Feb 2010, owners are required to register the subletting with
HDB within 7 days from the commencement date of subletting. Owners must also
notify HDB of the subsequent renewal and termination of the subletting and/or
changes to their subtenants or subtenants’ particulars within 7 days from the
date of occurrence of these respective events. For existing cases where
tenancies commenced before 1 Feb 2010, owners are given a 6-month grace period
from 1 Feb 2010 to register the subletting with HDB.

…

**_3.6 Physical & Continuous Occupation of Flat_**

The owners and all authorized occupiers _must continue to reside in the flat
at all times during the period of subletting_.

[emphasis added in italics]

On the facts of the present case, it was undisputed that the Applicants have
not sought specific consent from HDB with regard to the corporate tenancy
agreement entered into with Offshore Construction. In other words, the
Applicants were relying on HDB’s general consent for owners to sublet the
bedrooms in their flats. This consent was, however, conditional upon the
owners and all authorised occupiers continuing to reside in the flat “at all
times during the period of subletting”. Therefore, in the event that the
owners and all authorised occupiers were not residing in the flat, HDB’s
general consent would not be applicable and the owner will be regarded as
having sublet the flat or any part thereof without obtaining the prior written
consent of HDB for the purposes of s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act.

64 Second, while the Applicants have attempted to rely on the corporate
tenancy agreement to justify that they had only sublet two bedrooms as opposed
to the entire Property, the written terms set out in the tenancy agreement
were not conclusive of the arrangement between the relevant parties. In _Goh
Gin Chye and another v Peck Teck Kian Realty Pte Ltd and another_ [1987]
SLR(R) 195, the Court of Appeal made the following observations on the
characterisation of a lease:

… Firstly, the intention of the parties is an important consideration in
determining the relationship of landlord and tenant, as in all other
contractual relationships, but in every case the intention “must be sought not
from the mere words of the agreement but from its substance and from the
conduct of the parties and the surrounding circumstances”. …

It is acknowledged that the principles set out above were applied in the
context of determining whether the parties had entered into a tenancy or a
licence. If the words of the tenancy agreement were conclusive as to the
arrangement entered into between the landlord and the tenants, owners of HDB
flats would be able to circumvent the subletting regulations by entering into
agreements which are not reflective of the actual arrangement with the
tenants. Such an approach would wholly defeat the purpose behind the
regulations. In the circumstances, an approach which takes into account the
conduct of the parties and the surrounding circumstances, as opposed to the
mere words of the agreement, would be more appropriate as it would comport
with the legislative intent behind the existing statutory framework.
Therefore, I could not accept the Applicants’ argument that they had not
illegally sublet the flat on the sole basis that the corporate tenancy
agreement had been “approved” by HDB. Looking at the evidence as whole, I was
not satisfied that HDB had misdirected itself in arriving at the conclusion
that the arrangement between the parties was for the subletting of the entire
Property, as opposed to only the two bedrooms. In the circumstances, HDB had
not committed any error of law in relying on the fact that the Applicants had
illegally sublet the entire Property without its written consent.

65 Further, it must not be overlooked that one of the grounds in s 56(1)(_h_)
of the Act is the parting with the possession of the flat or any part thereof
without obtaining the prior written consent of the Board. As compared to the
analysis above in relation to the illegal subletting of the flat, the fact
that the Applicants were not in continuous occupation of the Property was
directly relevant to the issue of whether they had parted with the possession
of the Property for the purpose of s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act.

66 In the light of the above reasons, while it is accepted that the
requirement of “continuous occupation” was not expressly stated in s
56(1)(_h_) of the Act, it is a legitimate factor which can be taken into
account for the purpose of establishing the grounds set out in that specific
subsection. I am therefore of the view that HDB had not misdirected itself on
the law when it regarded the Applicants’ failure to continuously occupy the
Property as a relevant factor for the purpose of compulsorily acquiring the
Property under s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act.

67 Apart from that, I note that the Applicants have also relied on the
argument that the Respondents had failed to establish the precedent fact under
s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act. While this argument was not fully dealt with by the
parties, it appears to me that the Applicants were relying on the point that
the grounds in s 56(1)(_h_) had to be objectively justified with reference to
the evidence available. It was further argued that the Applicants had been in
continuous occupation of the Property and that they had not sublet the entire
Property to Offshore Construction.

68 In _Chng Suan Tze v Minister for Home Affairs and others and other appeals_
[1988] 2 SLR(R) 525, the Court of Appeal accepted that the scope of review to
be undertaken by the court would vary depending on whether the discretion
granted to the decision-making authority was conditional upon the
establishment of an objective jurisdictional or precedent fact. In the event
that such a precedent fact has to be established, the court will have to
contend itself with the issue of whether the evidence justifies the decision
reached by the decision-making authority. This can be contrasted to a
situation where no such precedent fact exists and the scope of review is
thereby limited to the three established heads of review, namely, illegality,
procedurally impropriety and irrationality. The Applicants appeared to have
subsumed their arguments concerning the precedent fact under the ground of
illegality.

69 On the issue of whether the decision was justified on the basis of the
evidence available, I was of the view that the grounds in s 56(1)(_h_) have
been objectively established. First, with reference to the signed statement by
Mr Sayeh, it stated unequivocally that the Applicants were not residing in the
Property at the point in time. Although the Applicants have tried to disparage
Mr Sayeh’s statement by relying on the subsequent explanation given by Mr
Cahya, looking at the evidence as a whole the allegations made by Mr Cahya in
relation to the HDB inspection were no more than a mere afterthought which was
not backed by any objective evidence whatsoever. It bears noting that Mr
Cahya’s statement was only produced more than a year after HDB had carried out
the inspection on the Property. At the point in time when the statement was
produced, Mr Cahya had already been evicted from the Property, as the
Applicants had stated in their letter of appeal to the Minister dated 27
December 2010. More significantly, Mr Cahya’s statement was only produced
after the Minister’s rejection of the Applicants’ appeal, which was the final
stage in the statutory appeal process. The statement by Mr Cahya first made
its appearance as an enclosure in the MP’s letter dated 24 February 2012.
There was no attempt to account for the delay. Further, the allegations made
by Mr Cahya in his statement were not backed by any evidence at all. In the
circumstances, the statement by Mr Sayeh was a more reliable and
contemporaneous reflection of the situation in the Property at the material
time.

70 Apart from Mr Sayeh’s statement, Mr Khoo also tendered coloured copies of
the photos taken by the HDB officers during the inspection on 25 May 2010. The
photos showed that the single bedroom purportedly occupied by the Applicants
and their daughter was sparsely furnished and only had a single bed. As
observed by Mr Wong, one of the HDB officers who had conducted the inspection,
there were no personal effects in the bedroom to suggest that a family of
three was residing there. In fact, one of the occupiers had moved into the
bedroom that was purportedly occupied by the Applicants’ family. This was, in
fact, implicitly acknowledged by the Applicants in their appeal letter to HDB.
The reason provided by the Applicants was that they had left the door to their
bedroom unlocked and that they had not given permission for the occupier to
move into their bedroom. I found it hard to believe that the Applicants would
leave their bedroom unlocked if they had really been residing in the Property.
After all, there were foreign male workers residing in the Property. They were
not family or friends. There was only a single bed in that sparsely furnished
bedroom where two adults and a child were purportedly residing in. The
explanation provided by the Applicants on this issue bordered on being
ridiculous.

71 Quite apart from the objective facts in the form of Mr Sayeh’s statement
and other evidence gathered during the inspection of the Property, the
Applicants went so far as to acknowledge, in their appeal letters to HDB and
the Minister, the fact that they had not been residing in the Property. In the
first appeal letter addressed to HDB dated 28 October 2010, the Applicants
stated as follows:

It was for this reason that we shuffled from our flat and my mother’s house
and decided to temporarily stay over at her flat to take care of her. There is
never any intention to vacate the room without living there.

...

It was in those circumstances that we put up with her. It was not a permanent
arrangement. We would ultimately return to occupy the whole of our own flat.

In relation to the issue of the subtenant utilising their bedroom, the
Applicants provided the following explanation:

We have not permitted any of the occupiers to live in our bedroom. The room
was left unlocked. We did not give explicit permission to the occupier
sleeping in the room that was kept for our own occupation. Even if he has gone
into the room to sleep there it did not mean that we have rented the room to
him. We were too trusting not to have the room locked up believing that the
occupiers would not infringe our living space.

As I have already mentioned above, I found the Applicants’ explanation to be
contrived.

72 In the second appeal letter addressed to the Minister dated 27 December
2010, the Applicants stated that the breach was a one-off incident and that
they had rectified the breach immediately by terminating the tenancy agreement
with Offshore Construction. The Applicants also took the position that the
penalty of compulsory acquisition of the Property was “too harsh” and that
they would accept any form of penalty on account of the breach.

73 Therefore, even if the grounds in s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act were regarded as
precedent facts, they have been established on the evidence before me. The
Applicants were clearly not residing in the Property. As discussed above, this
gave rise to the finding that they had either sublet the entire Property or
parted with the possession of the Property without the written consent of HDB.
On that basis, HDB did not misdirect itself on the law and the Applicants’
challenge on the ground of illegality must fail.

74 In arriving at this conclusion, I also took into account the fact that
there were multiple inconsistencies in the Applicants’ account of events. For
instance, in the first and second letters of appeal addressed to HDB and the
Minister respectively, the Applicants took the position that they were not
residing in the Property. The Applicants explained that they had to stay over
at the mother’s place as a result of her poor health and that it was only a
temporary arrangement. This was also the position adopted in the MP’s letter
dated 11 June 2012 where it was stated that Mr Per “was staying over at his
mother’s flat from end of 2009 till the end of 2010”.

75 Subsequently, HDB sought clarification on where the Applicants’ family were
“residing during the period from April 2010 to July 2010”. The Applicants were
also requested to provide HDB with any relevant supporting evidence. In a
reply by the Solicitors dated 21 February 2014, it was stated as follows:

**Our clients confirm that during the period of April to July 2010, they were
residing at their HDB flat at address listed above** [_ie_ , the
Property]**.**

Our clients are prepared to furnish you with a Statutory Declaration
confirming the same. Further, they have been well advised of the penalties of
making a false declaration.

This was a complete about-turn from the Applicants original position that they
had been residing at the mother’s flat from “end of 2009 till the end of
2010”.

76 Apart from that, as mentioned at [2] above, I adjourned the hearing on 31
October 2014 for the Applicants to request, on an urgent basis, the record of
changes in the Applicants’ address with the ICA. In the response by ICA, it
was stated that the Applicants’ address on record from 5 November 2007 to 16
December 2010 was a HDB flat in Hougang. The parties were in agreement that
the reference to the HDB flat in Hougang was the mother’s flat. The Applicants
amended their address on record to the Property only on 17 December 2010. This
was after the Applicants were informed by HDB on 29 November 2010 that their
appeal under s 56(4) of the Act had been rejected. After amending their
address to that of the Property, the Applicants exercised their rights to a
further appeal to the Minister by way of a letter dated 27 December 2010.
While the Applicants have attempted to explain this lapse on the basis that
they had overlooked the need to update their addresses, the information
provided by ICA concerning the change in address was, at the very least,
consistent with the other evidence discussed above. In the final analysis, I
was of the view that there existed more than sufficient evidence to justify
the views and the decisions taken by the Respondents.

Irrationality

77 The ground of irrationality, also referred to as _Wednesbury_
unreasonableness, finds its origins in the English decision of _Associated
Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v Wednesbury Corporation_ [1948] 1 KB 223,
where Lord Greene MR provided a summary of the applicable principles:

... The court is entitled to investigate the action of the local authority
with a view to seeing whether they have taken into account matters which they
ought not to take into account, or, conversely, have refused to take into
account or neglected to take into account matters which they ought to take
into account. Once that question is answered in favour of the local authority,
it may be still possible to say that, although the local authority have kept
within the four corners of the matters which they ought to consider, they have
nevertheless come to a conclusion so unreasonable that no reasonable authority
could ever have come to it. In such a case, again, I think the court can
interfere. ...

The threshold for judicial intervention on the ground of irrationality is
relatively high. As Lord Diplock had observed in the _GCHQ_ case (at 410), it
applies only to a decision which is so outrageous in its defiance of logic or
of accepted moral standards that no sensible person who had applied his mind
to the question to be decided could have arrived at it.

78 Although the Applicants had relied on irrationality as a separate ground of
review, the submissions were similar to those raised under the ground of
illegality. The first argument relied upon by the Applicants was:

The Applicants humbly submit that the decision of the HDB and Minister falls
under the said category [_ie_ , _Wednesbury_ unreasonableness]. The HDB’s and
Minister’s main contention that the Applicants had rented out their flat
without HDB’s written consent clearly cannot stand on the basis that the HDB
had approved the corporate tenancy in relation to the subletting of two (2)
bedrooms by the Applicants. We submit that the approvals are fatal to the
HDB’s case.

This appeared to be no more than a replication of the argument raised under
the ground of illegality. As discussed above, HDB’s approval of the corporate
tenancy agreement was irrelevant to the issue of whether the Applicants had
sublet or parted with possession of the entire Property without HDB’s consent.

79 Second, it was submitted that the Respondents had seriously misdirected
themselves on the law and on the facts in so far as the appropriate test under
s 56(1)(_h_) was concerned. There was, however, no attempt to further
elaborate on how this argument was different from that raised under the ground
of illegality. I took the Applicants to mean that the Respondents had applied
the wrong test under s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act given that they had relied on the
Applicants’ failure to continuously occupy the Property as a ground for the
compulsory acquisition. As discussed above, the Applicants’ failure to
continuously occupy the Property was a relevant factor leading to the
establishment of the grounds set out in s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act. In applying
the principles of _Wednesbury_ unreasonableness, this was not a case where the
Respondents had taken into account matters which they ought not to take into
account.

80 Third, the Applicants argued that the Respondents’ “obsession with the
notion of continuous physical occupation as being synonymous with illegal
subletting” was a misdirection and error in law and on the facts. Similarly,
this issue has been dealt with above under the ground of illegality.

81 For these reasons, the Applicants’ challenge on the ground of irrationality
failed.

Procedural impropriety

82 The final ground of review relied upon by the Applicants was procedural
impropriety. It is accepted that procedural impropriety, as a ground for
judicial review, includes the failure to observe either the basic rules of
natural justice or the procedural rules that are expressly laid down in the
legislative instrument by which jurisdiction is conferred. The gist of the
Applicants’ case was that HDB had failed to disclose the evidence it had
relied on in arriving at its decision. As mentioned at [28] above, this
included the private investigation report, the anonymous tip-off, the
inspection of the Property and the written statement by Mr Sayeh. At the
hearing on 31 October 2014, Mr Dhillon accepted that the private investigation
report and the anonymous tip-off were not disclosed to the Applicants to date.

83 I will first deal with the issue of whether there was any breach of the
procedural rules set out in s 56 of the Act. The relevant subsections
governing the procedure which have to be complied with are set out below:

(3) Where the Board intends to exercise its powers of compulsory acquisition
conferred by this section, the Board shall serve a _notice in writing_ on the
owner of the flat, house or other living accommodation ... stating the
_intention of the Board to acquire the premises and the compensation to be
paid therefor_.

(4) Any owner or interested person who objects to a proposed acquisition by
the Board may, within 28 days after the service of a notice referred to in
subsection (3), submit in writing to the Board precisely the grounds upon
which he objects to the acquisition and the compensation offered by the Board.

(5) The Board shall consider the objection and may either disallow it or allow
it either wholly or in part, and shall serve the owner or interested person by
post or otherwise with a _written notice of its decision_.

(6) Any appeal by any owner or interested person aggrieved by the decision of
the Board shall be made to the Minister within 28 days after the date of
service of such decision on the owner or interested person and the decision of
the Minister shall be final and not open to review or challenge on any ground
whatsoever.

[emphasis added]

The Respondents have complied with all procedural requirements set out in s 56
of the Act. It was not disputed that the notice of intention under s 56(3) and
the written notice of HDB’s decision under s 56(5) of the Act were served on
the Applicants. It was also undisputed that the Applicants had exercised their
right to appeal to HDB and the Minister under s 56(4) and s 56(6)
respectively. The Act is silent on the disclosure of evidence in so far as s
56(3) of the Act only requires HDB to state its intention to acquire the
premises and the compensation to be paid therefor. In this respect, it is
clear that HDB has complied with the procedural rules expressly laid down in s
56 of the Act. Therefore, the Applicants’ contention that HDB failed to
disclose the evidence it had relied on has to find its basis on a breach of
the rules of natural justice, to which I shall now turn.

84 In _Kay Swee Pin v Singapore Island Country Club_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 802 (“
_Kay Swee Pin v SICC_ ”), the Court of Appeal observed that a duty to act in
accordance with natural justice is nowadays considered as a duty to act
fairly. The content of this duty varies with the circumstances of the case and
much would depend on the character of the decision-making body, the kind of
decision it has to make and the statutory or other framework in which it
operates (see _Manjit Singh s/o Kirpal Singh and another v Attorney-General_
[2013] 2 SLR 844 (“ _Manjit Singh v AG_ ”) at [88], citing _Lloyd v McMahon_
[1987] AC 625 at 702).

85 With reference to the statutory framework set out in s 56 of the Act, I was
unable to accept the Applicants’ argument that the rules of natural justice
required all evidence relied upon by HDB and the Minister to be disclosed.
While it may be a denial of justice not to disclose specific material relevant
to the decision thereby depriving the applicant of an opportunity to comment
on such material (see _Kay Swee Pin v SICC_ at [7]), that does not necessarily
lead to the conclusion that all evidence will have to be disclosed regardless
of the circumstances of each case. In determining whether a failure to
disclose evidence amounts to a breach of natural justice, the court will have
to take into account other countervailing factors, such as the need to protect
confidentiality.

86 _De Smith’s Judicial Review_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2013) states at para
7–059:

... Briefly, there are cases where disclosure of evidential material might
inflict serious harm on the person directly concerned ...; where disclosure
would be a breach of confidence or might be injurious to the public interest
(e.g. because it would involve the revelation of official secrets, inhibit
frankness of comment and the detection of crime, and might make it impossible
to obtain certain classes of essential information at all in the future) ...

It was further observed at para 8–020 that modifications of the disclosure
requirements have also been deemed acceptable for the protection of other
facets of public interest, including:

... the internal workings of the decision-maker; the sources of information
leading to the detection of crime or other wrongdoing; sensitive intelligence
information; and other information supplied in confidence for the purposes of
government, or the discharge of certain public functions.

87 While the Applicants have cited numerous case authorities in support of the
proposition that a tribunal has to disclose all relevant evidence to the
affected party, I note that the cases mostly involved disciplinary proceedings
where the tribunals were exercising quasi-judicial functions. Given that the
present statutory framework was clearly different, I did not find those cases
to be particularly helpful in so far as the content of the duty to act in
accordance with the rules of natural justice varies with the context of each
case.

88 It was acknowledged by the Court of Appeal in _Manjit Singh v AG_ that what
is fair must depend on the object of the process at the stage in question.
Under s 56 of the Act, an owner who is aggrieved by HDB’s decision to
compulsorily acquire his or her property has the right to appeal to HDB and
the Minister. In this respect, both stages of appeal do not involve any oral
hearing in so far as the owner is expected to tender his or her submissions in
writing to the respective decision-maker. The level of disclosure required to
fulfil the object of this entire appeal process would be for the aggrieved
owner to know the gist of the case against him or her so as to be to make
meaningful representations. In other words, the aggrieved owner must be
informed of the case that he or she is expected to answer.

89 On the facts of the present case, there was sufficient disclosure on the
part of HDB such that the Applicants knew the case that they had to answer. In
the letter of intention dated 17 July 2010, HDB informed the Applicants of the
following facts:

Our investigations revealed that you have sublet your flat to Mr Sayeh Dedi
Mahdy ... and his 2 flatmates from the month of Feb 09 without HDB’s prior
written consent and that you and your family are not in continuous physical
occupation of the flat. This is a breach of the terms of the flat lease and an
infringement under section 56(1) of the [Act].

The Applicants clearly knew the gist of the case against them, as evidenced in
the appeal letters addressed to HDB and the Minister. In the first appeal
letter to HDB dated 28 October 2010, the Applicants explained that they had
only sublet the two rooms, as opposed to the entire Property. The Applicants
also knew about the allegation that they had not been residing in the
Property, given their specific explanation on why they had to vacate the
Property and stay with the mother. More importantly, the Applicants also knew
about the inspection carried out by HDB and the evidence that had been
gathered against them. The Applicants gave a specific response to the
allegation that their bedroom was left unlocked and that one of the occupiers
had utilised the bedroom that was supposed to be occupied by the Applicants
and their daughter. The Applicants relied on the explanation that they were
too trusting not to lock their bedroom and that they did not give the occupier
permission to sleep in the bedroom. Based on this letter of appeal, it was
apparent that the Applicants knew, not only the gist of the case against them,
but also the adverse evidence gathered by HDB in the course of the inspection.

90 In the second letter of appeal to the Minister dated 27 December 2010, the
Applicants stated that the compulsory acquisition of the Property would be too
harsh and that they would accept any form of penalty on account of their
breach. While Mr Kirpal attempted to rely on the fact that the Applicants did
not include any particulars of the “breach” that they had admitted to
committing, I was unable to accept his argument given that the breach had
already been particularised in the earlier exchange of letters and the
Applicants’ letter of appeal to the Minister was clearly drafted with
reference to those letters. Quite apart from the fact that the Applicants
clearly knew the case made against them, they also demonstrated some degree of
knowledge regarding the policy reasons behind the relevant HDB’s rules and
regulations. In the letter of appeal to the Minister, the Applicants stated as
follows:

The breach was an one-off incident. We did not commit the breach with the
intention of _taking advantage of the government subsidized flat for personal
financial gain_. The flat was purchased by us from the open market. No
government grant was obtained for the purchase.

We understand that there are _good policy reasons behind the rules and
regulations_. However there are circumstances which are deserving of a certain
degree of compassionate [_sic_]. ...

[emphasis added]

Therefore, looking at the facts as whole, it was clear that the Applicants
were sufficiently apprised of the case and the evidence against them.

91 With regard to the anonymous tip-off, there was a sufficient countervailing
reason to justify non-disclosure. As discussed at [86] above, one of the
factors that the court can take into account would be the sources of
information leading to the detection of wrongdoing and information supplied to
the authorities in confidence. The rules of natural justice do not require the
disclosure of the source of the anonymous tip-off. Imposing an extensive duty
of disclosure will only discourage members of the public from stepping forward
with information leading to the detection of wrongdoing. In fact, there was no
reason why the Applicants should know the source of the information in order
to respond to the allegations effectively. With regard to the content of the
tip-off, as discussed above, the Applicants clearly knew about the allegation
that they were not residing in the Property at the material time. HDB’s
refusal to disclose the anonymous tip-off was therefore justified on the facts
here.

92 In relation to the private investigation report, I am similarly of the view
that the non- disclosure was justified. The contents of the private
investigation report fell within the category of information which may lead to
the internal workings of the decision-maker being revealed to the public. Mr
Khoo submitted that it would not be in the public interest for the
investigative methods adopted by HDB to be released in the public domain. It
was argued that HDB had limited resources to dedicate for the purposes of
investigating such breaches and revealing the methodology behind such
investigations will hamper the effectiveness of future investigations. To put
it simply, Mr Khoo was of the view that errant owners may be able to game the
system in future if such information was disclosed. On the facts of the
present case, HDB’s refusal to disclose the private investigation report was
justified. In any case, the Applicants knew about the allegation that they
were not in continuous occupation of the Property for the purpose of making
meaningful representations. As evidenced in the letters of appeal addressed to
HDB and the Minister, the Applicants were clearly told of the case they had to
meet and of the allegations made against them. Finally, the Applicants clearly
had knowledge concerning the inspection of the Property and the statement
provided by Mr Sayeh, as evidenced by their targeted and specific response to
these issues in the appeal letters addressed to HDB and the Minister. For the
reasons above, there was no breach of the rules of natural justice in relation
to the disclosure of evidence.

93 Apart from the issue concerning the disclosure of evidence, the Applicants
also asserted that there was procedural impropriety in the Respondents’
“dealing, adducing and considering” the conflicting evidence. In brief, the
Applicants took the position that the Respondents gave undue weight to the
evidence and allegations against the Applicants and failed to consider the
evidence in favour of the Applicants. I have already dealt with the evidence
relied upon by the Respondents in addressing the issue of whether the
precedent fact was objectively established. There existed sufficient reasons
to justify why Mr Sayeh’s statement was preferred to Mr Cahya’s statement.
Apart from that, there was no evidence to suggest that HDB had either failed
to consider the conflicting evidence or heard one side of the story without
hearing the other side.

94 The Applicants also referred to the “flaw” in the recording of the
statements during the inspection of the Property. It was submitted that there
were two other employees present during the inspection and that HDB failed to
provide any explanation for its failure to obtain statements from those two
employees. There is no rule or procedure governing the way in which HDB is to
conduct its investigations and inspections. There was no evidence to suggest
that the inspection was improper or that Mr Sayeh was coerced into giving the
written statement. In the circumstances, I did not find anything amiss in the
HDB officers recording only Mr Sayeh’s statement as opposed to recording
statements from all three occupiers.

95 The Applicants also referred to the doctrine of legitimate expectations in
support of the proposition that they should only be subjected to a penalty of
up to $3,000, as opposed to the compulsory acquisition of the Property. The
decision to compulsorily acquire the Property was clearly not in relation to
the Applicants’ failure to update the details of Mr Sayeh with HDB. It was in
relation to the Applicants’ breach of s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act. Given that the
representation was only in relation to the failure to update the details of
the tenant, as opposed to a breach under s 56(1)(_h_) of the Act, the
Applicants’ argument on legitimate expectations was therefore without merit.

Conclusion

96 For the above reasons, I dismissed the application for leave to commence
judicial review proceedings. I did not grant leave to the Applicants as they
were way out of time and failed to account satisfactorily for the delay in
commencing the present application. I was also of the view that the Applicants
could not succeed on the substantive merits of their case. I ordered the
Applicants to pay costs of $15,000 to AGC. I also ordered the Applicants to
pay costs of $15,000 and disbursements amounting to $7,000 to HDB.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Dec 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

