Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Oei Hong Leong _v_ Goldman Sachs International  
[2014] SGHC 128

Case Number| :| Suit No 834 of 2013, (Registrar's Appeal No 32 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 July 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Siraj Omar and Joanna Chew (Premier Law LLC) for the
plaintiff; Andre Maniam SC, Lim Wei Lee and Daniel Chan (WongPartnership LLP)
for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Oei Hong Leong — Goldman Sachs International  
  
1 July 2014|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J :

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the assistant registrar (“AR”)
allowing the defendant’s application for a stay of all further proceedings in
the action pursuant to s 6 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A,
2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”). The essential question in this case is which of the
competing dispute resolution clauses set out in two different contracts, one
favouring arbitration and the other favouring the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of the English courts, should this court apply. On 16 April 2014, I heard the
parties and I agreed with the AR that the arbitration clauses applied. I
therefore dismissed the appeal with costs and now state the grounds for my
decision.

The facts

2 The action has been brought by the plaintiff against the defendant in
respect of alleged fraudulent representations made by an employee of its
sister company, Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC (“GSA”). On 14 May 2013, the
plaintiff met with two GSA employees regarding investment in currency options
involving the Brazilian Real (“BRL”) and the Japanese Yen (“JPY”). It was
alleged that one of the two GSA employees made false representations to the
plaintiff, _viz_ (a) that BRL was a stable currency because it was anchored to
the United States Dollar (“USD”) in the same way that the Hong Kong Dollar was
pegged to the USD, (b) that BRL/JPY option trades therefore behaved very
similarly to USD/JPY option trades, (c) that BRL/JPY option trades could be
executed at any time, and (d) that BRL/JPY option trades were sufficiently
liquid to enable the trades to be executed and unwound at any time.[note: 1]
The representations were allegedly repeated and/or continued by the GSA
employee in subsequent emails to the plaintiff on 15 May 2013.[note: 2]

3 Shortly after the receipt of those emails, the plaintiff entered into two
BRL/JPY option trades with the defendant as the counterparty.[note: 3]
Unfortunately for the plaintiff, from 20 May 2013 onwards, the BRL/JPY rate
fell significantly. On 17 June 2013, the plaintiff gave instructions to unwind
the BRL/JPY option trades, and this was done so at a loss.[note: 4]

4 The plaintiff then commenced this action on 20 September 2013 to claim
compensation for the losses that he had sustained as a result of entering into
the BRL/JPY option trades. The defendant, however, applied to stay all further
proceedings pursuant to s 6 of the IAA on the basis that the plaintiff’s
claims are properly the subject of an arbitration agreement.[note: 5] The
plaintiff disagreed. According to the plaintiff, the arbitration clauses that
the defendant referred to are inapplicable to the subject-matter of the
dispute, and a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause should apply instead.

5 At the heart of these proceedings therefore are competing jurisdiction and
arbitration clauses in two contracts between the plaintiff and the defendant.
The non-exclusive jurisdiction clause is contained in an International Swap
Dealers Association Inc (“ISDA”) Master Agreement dated 29 May 2001. The ISDA
Master Agreement is a standard agreement made between the plaintiff and the
defendant to govern the derivative transactions (including currency options)
that they have entered into and/or anticipated entering into. Under cl 13(b)
of the ISDA Master Agreement, it is stated that:

**_Jurisdiction_** **.** With respect to any suit, action or proceedings
relating to this Agreement (“Proceedings”), each party irrevocably –

(i) submits to the jurisdiction of the English courts if this Agreement is
expressed to be governed by English law …

Part 4(h) of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement provides for the
agreement to be governed by English law. It is common ground that cl 13(b) is
a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of the English courts.

6 The arbitration clauses, on the other hand, are contained in a Goldman Sachs
Private Wealth Management Client Agreement Pack (“Account Agreement Pack”).
The Account Agreement Pack is made between the plaintiff and four Goldman
Sachs entities, namely (a) GSA, (b) the defendant, (c) Goldman Sachs & Co, and
(d) Goldman Sachs Bank (Europe) PLC. It was described, in a cover letter from
GSA to the plaintiff dated 9 September 2011, as “[including] the applicable
agreements for the various Goldman Sachs entities that may provide services to
[the plaintiff], [describing] the roles and responsibilities of each entity
that provides services to [the plaintiff] and [constituting] legally binding
terms of business”. The plaintiff and the defendant accept that the pertinent
arbitration clauses are cl 13.3 of Part D and/or cl 12.3 of Part E of the
Account Agreement Pack, which state almost identically that:

Any dispute arising out of or connected with the Agreement, between [the
plaintiff] and [GSA/the defendant] and/or you and any Third Party Beneficiary
… shall be referred to and finally be resolved by arbitration with its seat in
England conducted in English by three arbitrators pursuant to the LCIA Rules …

The only difference between the two arbitration clauses is that cl 13.3 of
Part D pertains to GSA, and cl 12.3 of Part E pertains to the defendant.

7 As mentioned, there was a cover letter to the Account Agreement Pack that
the plaintiff received. It notified the plaintiff that:

… _the [Account Agreement Pack] will supersede all the prior account
agreements (including addenda and supplements thereto) in relation to your
Account_ (whether included in the Old Pack or otherwise). For the avoidance of
doubt, any prior specific security arrangements (including cross-
collateralisation documents or _trading arrangements (including ISDA
documentation) in connection with your Account, however, shall remain
effective_. [emphasis added]

8 On 27 March 2012, the plaintiff signed and returned an acknowledgement
receipt containing a similar statement:

… _the [Account Agreement Pack] … shall supersede all the prior account
agreements (including addenda and supplements thereto) in relation to your
Account_ whether included in the Old Pack (as defined in the Letter) or
otherwise, _save for any prior_ specific security arrangements including
cross-collateralisation documents or _trading arrangements including ISDA
documentation in connection with your Account(s) … which will continue to be
effective_ … [emphasis added]

9 It was about a year after the signing of the acknowledgment receipt that the
plaintiff met with the two employees from GSA and the aforesaid events leading
to the present dispute unfolded.

The decision below

10 Faced with two potentially applicable agreements, the AR stated that the
correct approach for the courts was to consider the terms of the agreements in
their respective contexts to determine if the parties only intended one and
not the other to apply to their dispute.[note: 6] This would involve an
ascertainment of _which agreement is at the commercial centre of the dispute_
or _where the centre of gravity of the dispute is_.[note: 7]

11 The AR determined that the Account Agreement Pack was at the commercial
centre of the dispute based on the following factors: (a) the alleged
fraudulent misrepresentations were made in the course of the plaintiff’s
private banking relationship with GSA, which is governed by the Account
Agreement Pack,[note: 8] (b) the plaintiff would need to rely on clauses in
the Account Agreement Pack to demonstrate that the GSA employees were acting
as agents for the defendant, and (c) the defendant would need to rely on
clauses in the Account Agreement Pack to defend against the plaintiff’s
claims.[note: 9] Furthermore, the AR found that the parties could not have
reasonably intended for fragmentation in the resolution of disputes, as would
be the case if the same alleged misrepresentations were being litigated
against various Goldman Sachs entities in multiple jurisdictions.[note: 10]

12 In these circumstances, the AR found that parties intended for the
arbitration clauses in the Account Agreement Pack to apply. A stay of
proceedings in favour of arbitration was accordingly ordered.

The parties’ submissions

13 The plaintiff was dissatisfied with the AR’s decision and appealed before
me. The plaintiff’s primary case is that the ISDA Master Agreement is at the
commercial centre of his claims and not the Account Agreement Pack. The
plaintiff submitted that the supporting factors are as follows:[note: 11]

(a) the transactions that lie at the heart of the plaintiff’s claims are the
two BRL/JPY option trades, and the BRL/JPY option trades are undoubtedly
subject to the ISDA Master Agreement;

(b) the ISDA Master Agreement is specifically tailored to reflect the
relationship of the parties in respect of derivative transactions, whereas the
Account Agreement Pack is an umbrella document relating to a whole range of
services that Goldman Sachs entities (not just the defendant) may provide the
plaintiff; and

(c) the cover letter and acknowledgement receipt clearly reflects the parties’
intention that the earlier ISDA Master Agreement is to co-exist with the later
Account Agreement Pack and, that being so, the parties are _ad idem_ that:

(i) any dispute relating to the ISDA Master Agreement would be resolved in
accordance with the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in the ISDA Master
Agreement; and

(ii) all other disputes would be resolved in accordance with the applicable
arbitration clauses in the Account Agreement Pack.

14 I note, at this juncture, that the plaintiff’s last point does not assist
him in showing that the _present dispute_ relates to the ISDA Master Agreement
and that therefore the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in the ISDA Master
Agreement should apply. The plaintiff had not gone as far as to say that the
implication of the later Account Agreement Pack expressed as _not superseding_
the earlier ISDA Master Agreement was that the ISDA Master Agreement
_prevailed_ over the Account Agreement Pack. In fact, the plaintiff rightly
conceded that the parties’ intention was only for the ISDA Master Agreement to
continue in force. Thus, the overall effect of the cover letter and the
acknowledgement receipt was this: the Account Agreement Pack swept clean all
past relationships, except for certain agreements, such as the ISDA Master
Agreement, which were preserved. The status of these preserved agreements was
not elevated any higher by the cover letter and the acknowledgement receipt.
Notwithstanding this, the plaintiff submitted that the non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause should prevail because the ISDA Master Agreement _is_ at
the commercial centre of the plaintiff’s claims. As such, the plaintiff is
entitled to commence and continue the action against the defendant and the AR
should not have stayed the proceedings.

15 The defendant, however, asserted that the circumstances plainly showed that
the parties intended for the Account Agreement Pack to apply. The defendant
highlighted that the plaintiff’s claim of fraudulent misrepresentations is in
substance concerned with the relationship of the parties leading to the
BRL/JPY option trades rather than the BRL/JPY option trades in and of
themselves.[note: 12] Not just that, the plaintiff’s claims are focussed on
alleged misrepresentations by GSA employees, which occurred _before_ the
BRL/JPY option trades were executed, thus the identity of the defendant as the
contractual counterparty to the BRL/JPY option trades as well as the execution
of the BRL/JPY option trades by the defendant are immaterial to the substance
of the plaintiff’s claims.[note: 13]

16 A comparison between the Account Agreement Pack and the ISDA Master
Agreement was drawn to further show that the plaintiff’s claims are more
closely connected to the former rather than the latter:[note: 14]

(a) the Account Agreement Pack is the only contractual arrangement which ties
in GSA, the defendant and their affiliates, and addresses in the round:

(i) the nature of the _relationship_ between GSA and the plaintiff; and

(ii) the _services provided pursuant to that relationship_ by GSA, the
defendant and their affiliates, _including the BRL/JPY option trades which GSA
arranged for the defendant to act as counterparty_ ; whereas

(b) the ISDA Master Agreement governs the specific _operation_ of over-the-
counter derivative transactions, _which the present dispute is not concerned
with_.

17 Lastly, the defendant submitted that the plaintiff’s own pleadings are
revealing: the plaintiff did not even cite the ISDA Master Agreement in his
statement of claim (“SOC”), nor did he seek any relief thereunder.[note: 15]
In contrast, the plaintiff had relied on cl A4 of Part B of the Account
Agreement Pack to show that GSA is an agent of the defendant. In seeking _ex
parte_ leave to serve the writ of summons and the SOC on the defendant out of
jurisdiction, the plaintiff had also admitted, as a matter of full and frank
disclosure, that “there may be provisions within the documents listed … that
the defendant may rely on to oppose this Application”.[note: 16] The defendant
submitted that one of these provisions is cl 10 of Part D of the Account
Agreement Pack (which provides that Goldman Sachs entities do not give
investment advice to the plaintiff).[note: 17]

The applicable test

18 Under s 6 of the IAA, a stay must be granted if the current proceedings are
“in respect of any matter which is the subject of the [arbitration]
agreement”. The question before this court therefore is whether the
plaintiff’s claims are the subject of the arbitration clauses in the Account
Agreement Pack or the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in the ISDA Master
Agreement.

19 However, before this court can proceed to analyse which of the competing
dispute resolution clauses to apply, it must first address the defendant’s
contention that there is a low threshold for ordering a stay of proceedings.
The defendant submitted that, if it is _at least arguable_ that the
plaintiff’s claims are the subject of a binding arbitration agreement, then a
stay must be granted.[note: 18] This is said to be consistent with the
principle of _kompetenz-kompetenz_ and the principle of judicial non-
intervention in arbitration. Given that the tribunal has competence to rule on
its competence, the defendant submitted that the courts should leave the
jurisdictional issue to be properly dealt with by the tribunal by staying the
proceedings once it is shown that there is an _arguable_ case that the
tribunal has jurisdiction over the matter, _ie_ , the plaintiff’s claims are
the subject of the arbitration clauses.

20 The defendant cited the Court of Appeal decision in _Tjong Very Sumito and
others v Antig Investments Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 (“ _Tjong Very Sumito_
”) in support of its submission. In that case, parties were similarly at odds
with whether the appellants’ claim was embraced by an arbitration clause,
though, unlike the present case, there was only one relevant dispute
resolution clause (_ie_ , the arbitration clause). At [24], V K Rajah JA
recognised that there was a preliminary point on “whether the court has the
jurisdiction to decide whether there is a matter which is the subject of the
arbitration agreement”. There appeared to be a tension between the courts
respecting the authority of an arbitral tribunal to determine its own
jurisdiction and examining for themselves the jurisdiction of the arbitral
tribunal. V K Rajah JA said, at the same paragraph:

… Unfortunately, there is no silver bullet that can resolve this tension and
the best approach to resolving this conceptual difficulty is the robust
application of judicial common sense, whilst always bearing in mind the
limited role that the courts are expected to play in matters that appear to
have been referred to arbitration. We noted that both Woo J in _Dalian_ … and
Lightman J in  _Nigel Peter Albon v Naza Motor Trading Sdn Bhd (No 3)_ [2007]
EWHC 665 (Ch) (in the context of whether an arbitration agreement had been
concluded) took the position that it is the court that determines whether the
arbitration agreement applies; although Woo J was quick to add the important
caveat that if it was at least arguable that the matter is the subject of the
arbitration agreement, then a stay of proceedings should be ordered. We agree
with the measured approach taken by Woo J since the question of whether a
matter is the subject of an arbitration agreement is the very threshold to the
application of s 6 of the IAA itself. However, it is only in the  _clearest_
of cases that the court ought to make a ruling on the inapplicability of an
arbitration agreement. … [emphasis in original]

21 Thus, it would seem that the defendant’s “at least arguable” test finds
affirmation in the Court of Appeal in the context of a claim which arose out
of a share and purchase agreement containing a broadly-worded arbitration
clause. In a single-contract situation, like in _Tjong Very Sumito_ , this
makes eminent sense. The parties had freely entered into an agreement to
arbitrate their disputes. There was no other competing dispute resolution
clause that could apply. Therefore, as a matter of holding the parties to
their agreement on the mode of dispute resolution, the court ought to order a
stay of proceedings and allow the arbitrators to determine whether or not they
had jurisdiction if there was an arguable case before the court that the
dispute was the subject of the parties’ arbitration agreement.

22 The defendant also cited several Canadian and Hong Kong cases in support of
its submission that the test for granting a stay of proceeding is an
_arguable_ case that the dispute is the subject of an arbitration agreement. I
note, at the outset, that all these cases are also concerned with a single
contract containing an arbitration clause. Four of the seven cases involved
the _scope_ of the arbitration clause. In _Agrawest Investments Limited and
another v BMA Nederland BV_ 2005 PESCTD 36, _David John Cooper and others v
Paul Deggan_ 2003 BCCA 395 and _Gulf Canada Resources Ltd v Arochem
International Ltd_ (1992) 66 BCLR (2d) 113, the issue can be framed as either
whether the parties have agreed to arbitrate the particular matter or whether
the matter falls within the terms of their arbitration agreement. The fourth
case, _PCCW Global Ltd v Interactive Communications Service Ltd_ [2007] 1
HKLRD 309, is more interesting in that the contract contained two dispute
resolution clauses; nevertheless, the issue was essentially about the scope of
the arbitration clause as the court viewed at [59] that “the only remaining
question [to be] whether a billing dispute falls within the ambit or scope of
[the arbitration clause]” in spite of another clause which specifically dealt
with billing disputes in a different way.

23 The other three cases are concerned with the _existence_ of an arbitration
agreement between parties. In _Pacific Crown Engineering Ltd v Hyundai
Engineering & Construction Co Ltd_ [2003] 3 HKLRD 440, each party claimed a
different version of the contract and therefore could not agree whether the
contract which bound them contained an arbitration clause. In _Pacific
International Lines (Pte) Ltd and another v Tsinlien Metals and Minerals Co
(HK) Ltd_ [1993] 2 HKLR 249, the defendant had signed a document with a third
party that was faxed by the plaintiffs to the third party, and the issue was
whether there was an arbitration agreement between the plaintiffs and the
defendant. In the last case, _Star (Universal) Co Ltd and another v Private
Company “Triple V” Inc_ [1995] 2 HKLR 62, the issue was whether an underlying
agreement to arbitrate still subsisted despite the existence of a subsequent
agreement.

24 The common thread amongst these cases is that the dispute was only ever
referable to a single contract which contained an arbitration clause. The
arbitral tribunal was intended to have primacy in the sense that parties
expected all their questions (even jurisdictional questions about the scope or
existence of the arbitration agreement) arising out of their contract to be
comprehensively decided by arbitration. In general, the principle of
_kompetenz-kompetenz_ is necessary to surmount the conceptual paradox of
arbitrators having the jurisdiction to determine their own jurisdiction, which
includes making a finding that they lack jurisdiction: see _Fouchard,
Gaillard, Goldman on International Commercial Arbitration_ (Emmanuel Gaillard
and John Savage eds) (Kluwer Law International, 1999) at p 396. The principle
of judicial non-intervention ensures that the courts do not assume
jurisdiction over matters which are intended to be arbitrated. Both principles
work in tandem to give effect to the commercial expectations of the parties to
have their questions settled by arbitration.

25 Turning back to the present case, which involves, not one, but two
competing modes of dispute resolution, the issue takes on a different
complexion. In a situation where there is only one contract containing an
arbitration clause, I agree that the principle of _kompetenz-kompetenz_ and
the principle of judicial non-intervention are applicable. However, in the
present situation where there are competing arbitration clauses and non-
exclusive jurisdiction clauses, and parties cannot agree on which to apply, I
find that there is a separate question of which dispute resolution clause the
parties objectively _intended_ to apply.

26 What is the parties’ intention with regards to the competing dispute
resolution clauses? The cases thus far have taken parties to have intended to
apply the dispute resolution clause in the contract _out of which the claim
arose_ or that is _closer in connection to the claim_. In _Transocean Offshore
International Ventures Ltd v Burgundy Global Exploration Corp_ [2010] 2 SLR
821 (“ _Transocean_ ”), Andrew Ang J had to consider two contracts with
competing dispute resolution clauses, much like the present case. One had a
non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of the Singapore courts and the
other had an arbitration clause. In holding that the non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause prevailed over the arbitration clause in respect of the
plaintiff’s claim, the judge said at [26]:

… I was of the view that where different but related agreements contained
overlapping and inconsistent dispute resolution clauses, the nature of the
claim and the particular agreement out of which the claim arose ought to be
considered. _Where a claim arose out of or was more closely connected with one
agreement than the other, the claim ought to be subject to the dispute
resolution regime contained in the former agreement, even if the latter was,
on a literal reading, wide enough to cover the claim._ … [emphasis added]

27 This decision would go _against_ the defendant’s submission that an “at
least arguable” test applies in the context of competing dispute resolution
clauses. If all that was required was an _arguable_ case, then in _Transocean_
, it would have been unnecessary to find out which contract had the closer
connection to the claim or out of which contract the claim arose. An arguable
case that the claim was subject to an arbitration agreement would have been
made out on the ground that the arbitration clause was “wide enough to cover
the claim”. The outcome could only be that the court must stay the proceedings
so that the _arbitrators_ could decide which contract had the closer
connection to the claim or out of which contract the claim arose, and whether
therefore they had jurisdiction over the claim. This, of course, raises the
following question: why should the courts _not_ be allowed to decide which
dispute resolution clause parties intend to apply to a dispute. The courts are
in no worse position than the arbitrators to decide. One needs only to look at
_Transocean_ as well as _PT Thiess Contractors Indonesia v PT Kaltim Prima
Coal and another_ [2011] EWHC 1842 (Comm) (“ _PT Thiess_ ”), which approved of
the approach in _Transocean_ , for examples of courts deciding with finality
whether an arbitration clause or a different dispute resolution clause applies
to the dispute.

28 For the sake of completeness, I will say a few words on _PT Thiess._ In _PT
Thiess_ , the first contract provided for mediation, followed by expert
determination, and then arbitration. The last stage of arbitration was reached
by the time the case was heard by the court. The second contract provided for
the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. Significantly, the court
rejected the first defendant’s submission that a stay should be imposed simply
because there may be a degree of overlap between the dispute resolution
clauses. The essential question was instead whether the substance of the
dispute _arose under or in connection with_ the first contract so as to
attract the mandatory statutory stay. In that case, it did not, and so Blair J
refused the stay application.

29 I am therefore not persuaded that the defendant’s “at least arguable” test
is appropriate in the present case. The first reason, as can be evinced from
above, is that it is inconsistent with the test that is applied in
_Transocean_ and _PT Thiess_. For ease of reference, I shall hereafter call
this test the “objective intention” test. The second reason is that adopting
the “at least arguable” test will effectively result in arbitration clauses
carrying more weight. For instance, in the present case, by the plaintiff’s
admission that the dispute _could_ fall within the ambit of the arbitration
agreement in the Account Agreement Pack,[note: 19] an arguable case would in
fact be made out and proceedings therefore ought to be stayed. However, there
is no presumption that an arbitration resolution clause, even if drafted very
broadly, should apply. _The issue is one of ascertaining the parties’
intention_ , which is achieved by applying the “objective intention” test. In
my view, the principle of _kompetenz-kompetenz_ does not apply in the present
context where the court is required to make a determination between an
arbitration clause in one contract and a jurisdiction clause in another. In
such a situation, there is a separate step of ascertaining the parties’
intentions as to the manner of resolving their disputes. When it comes to
_enforcing_ their agreement, it follows that a stay of proceedings should only
be granted where it is shown that the matter is the subject of an arbitration
agreement, and not merely arguably so.

Applying the “objective intention” test

30 To recapitulate, the central task in determining which of the competing
dispute resolution clauses apply to the plaintiff’s claims is a “careful and
commercially-minded construction” of the two contracts: see to _Dicey, Morris
and Collins on The Conflict of Laws_ (Sir Lawrence Collins gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 14th Ed with 4th Cumulative Supplement, 2010) at para 12–094. Various
terms are used to describe this exercise. They are essentially one and the
same. In _Sebastian Holdings Inc v Deutsche Bank AG_ [2010] EWCA Civ 998;
[2011] 1 Lloyd's Rep 106, it is referred to as locating the “centre of gravity
of the dispute”, whereas in _UBS AG v HSH Nordbank AG_ [2009] EWCA Civ 585;
[2009] 2 Lloyd's Rep 272 (“ _UBS AG_ ”), it is a search for the “the
agreements which are at the commercial centre of the transaction”.

31 In any case, this exercise goes beyond a contemplation of the literal
wording of the dispute resolution clauses. This is because, _even if the
dispute resolution clauses overlap_ , there is a presumption that parties
would act commercially and would not intend for similar claims to be subject
to inconsistent clauses: _UBS AG_ per Lord Collins of Mapesbury at [95].

Relevance of each contract

32 I find it useful to begin by assessing the relevance of each contract to
the present dispute. There are three salient points here and they all favour a
finding that the arbitration clauses in the Account Agreement Pack ought to be
applied.

33 Firstly, the claim against the defendant hinges upon GSA acting as the
agent for the defendant. Pertinently, cl A4 of Part B of the Account Agreement
Pack provides:

You acknowledge and agree that [GSA] acts as your agent in dealing with [the
defendant] … in connection with the Services provided by [the defendant] …
(e.g. arranging for your Transactions to be executed and settled by [the
defendant] …) and that [GSA] also acts as the agent of [the defendant] … in
their provision of Services to you (e.g. committing [the defendant] … to
executing and settling Transactions for you …).

As far as the plaintiff was concerned, he was dealing with GSA and its
employees. Clause A4, however, forged the necessary connection between the
plaintiff and the defendant by providing that GSA acted as the defendant’s
agent. One might say _that it is only because of the agency clause in the
Account Agreement Pack that the ISDA Master Agreement between the plaintiff
and defendant became relevant to the dispute._ In this sense, the ISDA Master
Agreement is one step removed from the present dispute.

34 Secondly, a possible defence against the plaintiff’s claims arises under cl
10 of Part D of the Account Agreement Pack. It provides, generally, that the
information made available by GSA and its affiliates is not to be considered
as “investment advice”, and GSA and its affiliates shall not be liable for the
information on which the plaintiff relied to make any investment decision. I
find that the non-advice clause places the dispute closer to the Account
Agreement Pack.

35 Thirdly, plaintiff has not relied on any provision in the ISDA Master
Agreement, whether to show a breach or to rebut a defence.

Pith and substance of the dispute

36 More importantly, the court must consider the pith and substance of the
dispute as it appears from the circumstances in evidence (and not just the
particular terms in which the claims have been formulated in court): _PT
Thiess_ at [35].

37 What then is the pith and substance of dispute? First and foremost, it
revolves around the alleged fraudulent misrepresentations made to the
plaintiff that led him to execute the BRL/JPY option trades. These alleged
misrepresentations were made in the course of the plaintiff’s banking
relationship with the Goldman Sachs group of companies. I accept the
defendant’s argument that the present dispute has little to do with the ISDA
Master Agreement because it primarily governs the operation of derivative
transactions. If, for example, the dispute was about a default in meeting a
margin call, then the ISDA Master Agreement would apply. However, the present
dispute is not about either parties’ performance under the ISDA Master
Agreement. It is therefore not surprising that none of its provisions were
relied upon by the parties. The Account Agreement Pack, on the other hand, has
a closer connection to the present dispute because it governs the parties’
bank-customer relationship. This is highlighted by the applicability of cl A4
of Part B and cl 10 of Part D of the Account Agreement Pack to the dispute.

38 Secondly, the identity of the defendant as the counterparty to the BRL/JPY
option trades is not at the centre of the dispute. The weight of the evidence
leans towards a finding that the plaintiff was not concerned about who the
actual counterparty to the option trades was: (a) he addressed his initial
complaint about the alleged misrepresentations to GSA and the Hong Kong
regulators of GSA, (b) he was unaware of the identity of the counterparty when
the option trades were entered into, because he had not been provided with any
term sheet prior to the entry into the transactions, and (c) it appeared that
he would have made the same complaint irrespective of whichever entity
ultimately acted as counterparty, because everything would come back to what
was said to him by the GSA employee.[note: 20] The fact that the defendant was
the counterparty was merely incidental. It was GSA that decided which Goldman
Sachs entity was to be the counterparty to execute the option trades, and it
could well have been any of the other Goldman Sachs entities that was arranged
to be the counterparty to the plaintiff’s option trades.

39 Relatedly, the agency between GSA and the defendant revealed the nature of
the banking business; GSA was responsible for fronting the transactions to be
executed with banking clients and selecting counterparties for these
transactions, and the defendant was responsible for actually executing these
transactions. Thus, insofar as communications to the plaintiff are concerned,
GSA appears to be the more closely related party. In fact, I would venture to
say that the bank-customer relationship (between GSA and the plaintiff) forms
the substance of the present dispute. I also find that the dispute regarding
the alleged misrepresentations _arises_ out of the GSA-plaintiff relationship.
Correspondingly, the dispute ought to be governed by the Account Agreement
Pack.

Conclusion

40 For the reasons above, I found that the present dispute is more closely
related to the Account Agreement Pack and that the arbitration clauses in the
Account Agreement Pack apply. I was satisfied that the AR’s decision in
staying the proceedings was correct and therefore dismissed the appeal with
costs.

* * *

[note: 1]statement of claim dated 20 September 2013 (“SOC”), p 3, para 7

[note: 2]plaintiff’s written submissions (“PWS”) dated 16 April 2014, p 4,
para 12

[note: 3]SOC, p 9, para 13

[note: 4]SOC, p 12, para 20

[note: 5]defendant’s written submissions (“DWS”) dated 2 January 2014, p 3,
para 5

[note: 6]_Oei Hong Leong v Goldman Sachs International_ [2014] SGHCR 2 (“ _Oei
Hong Leong_ ”) at [20]

[note: 7]_Oei Hong Leong_ at [24]

[note: 8]_Oei Hong Leong_ at [24], [27]

[note: 9]_Oei Hong Leong_ at [25]

[note: 10]_Oei Hong Leong_ at [28]

[note: 11]PWS, pp 16, 20-21, paras 37, 47

[note: 12]DWS, p 23, para 52

[note: 13]DWS, p 29, para 67

[note: 14]DWS, pp 30-31, para 68

[note: 15]DWS, p 32, para 68(f)

[note: 16]Oei Hong Leong’s affidavit evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) dated 26
September 2013, pp 12-13, para 34

[note: 17]Jeremy Philip Herman’s AEIC dated 6 November 2013, pp 8-9, para 21

[note: 18]defendant’s skeletal submissions dated 14 April 2014, p 3, para 9

[note: 19]PWS, p 10, para 22

[note: 20]David Joseph’s AEIC dated 19 December 2013, pp 17-18, paras 35-37

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Jul 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

