Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Quek Kwee Kee Victoria (in her personal capacity and as executor of the
estate of Quek Kiat Siong, deceased) and another _v_ Quek Khuay Chuah  
[2014] SGHC 143

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1018 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 July 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Koh Swee Yen, Sim Mei Ling and Tang Shangwei
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiffs; Lye Hoong Yip Raymond, Cheryl Yeo
and Lim Lee Ling Colleen (Union Law LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Quek Kwee Kee Victoria (in her personal capacity and as executor
of the estate of Quek Kiat Siong, deceased) and another — Quek Khuay Chuah  
  
16 July 2014|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The late Mr Quek Kiat Siong (“the deceased”) generously bequeathed his
substantial estate comprising several properties to his siblings and their
children. Unfortunately, after his death, various disputes over the bequests
he had made arose among the beneficiaries and these resulted in a number of
law suits. Subsequently, the various parties were persuaded to go for
mediation. This process was successful and on 21 March 3013 a Settlement
Agreement (“the Settlement Agreement”), which ostensibly resolved all the
difficulties, was signed by six parties including the present plaintiffs and
defendant. However, later there were problems in implementing some of the
provisions of the Settlement Agreement and these problems led to the present
proceedings.

2 This dispute involved three of the deceased’s beneficiaries: his sister, the
first plaintiff; his brother, the defendant; and his nephew, the second
plaintiff. The plaintiffs are also the executors of the deceased’s estate
(“the Estate”).

3 The dispute concerned three properties belonging to the Estate, to wit:

(a) 95 Joo Chiat Road, Singapore 427389 (“95 Joo Chiat”);

(b) 97 Joo Chiat Road, Singapore 427391 (“97 Joo Chiat”) (“collectively, the
Joo Chiat properties”); and

(c) 18 Tembeling Lane, Singapore 423486 (“18 Tembeling Lane”).

These properties were dealt with in the Settlement Agreement as well and the
plaintiffs’ position in these proceedings was that the defendant had
undertaken certain obligations in the Settlement Agreement in relation to the
properties which he had failed to fulfil. The proceedings were started to
compel the defendant to perform those obligations.

4 Clause 4 of the Settlement Agreement dealt with 18 Tembeling Lane. It
provided for the defendant, who was occupying the property with his family, to
make certain payments in respect of utilities, mortgage instalments and
property tax falling due in respect of 18 Tembeling Lane. It also provided
that the property was to be sold in the open market no later than five years
from the date of the Settlement Agreement. The plaintiffs, complaining that
the defendant had failed to make the payments required by the clause, asked me
to order an immediate sale of 18 Tembeling Lane. The defendant objected on
various grounds. I declined to order an immediate sale but made orders for
payment of half of the mortgage instalments by the defendant on the basis that
if at any time he was in arrears of two months’ payments, the plaintiffs would
then be at liberty to sell 18 Tembeling Lane in the open market. There has
been no appeal against these orders and I therefore will say no more in these
grounds about the circumstances and reasons for the orders affecting 18
Tembeling Lane.

5 In respect of the Joo Chiat properties, the first plaintiff sought specific
performance of the defendant’s obligations under the Settlement Agreement. She
wanted an order that he should sell his one-sixth shares in each of the Joo
Chiat properties to her as he had agreed to in cl 5 of the Settlement
Agreement. After hearing the parties, I made the following orders:

(a) Order 1: The defendant is to do all such acts and execute all such
documents as may be necessary to sell his one-sixth shares in the Joo Chiat
properties to the first plaintiff, at the price of $700,000, within 21 days
from 20 February 2014.

(b) Order 2: The defendant is to pay the first plaintiff $1,016.50 for the
defendant’s half share of Knight Frank’s professional fees for performing a
valuation of the Joo Chiat properties within 21 days from 20 February 2014.

6 The defendant has appealed against those orders. His complaint is that the
price of $700,000 is too low as it was based on a valuation report which did
not reflect the true market value of the Joo Chiat properties. The valuation
report in question was issued by Knight Frank Pte Ltd (“Knight Frank”)
pursuant to cl 5 of the Settlement Agreement which nominated Knight Frank as
the independent valuer to determine the market value of the Joo Chiat
properties. The main issue that I had to decide was whether, on the true
construction of cl 5, the valuation issued by Knight Frank was final and
binding on the defendant. The subsidiary issue was whether this was a proper
case for the remedy of specific performance to be applied.

The Settlement Agreement

7 The Settlement Agreement was intended to be a full and final settlement of
all the disputes between the beneficiaries of the Estate including the
plaintiffs and the defendant. Evidence of their intention to achieve such full
and final settlement can be found in cl 6 of the Settlement Agreement:

6\. This Settlement Agreement is in _full and final settlement_ of all and/or
any claims, demands, actions, suits, causes of action, damages whenever
incurred, liabilities of any nature whatsoever, including costs, expenses and
legal fees, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, in law or in
equity that the Parties, whether directly and/or indirectly, ever had, now
have, or hereafter can, shall or may have against each other, howsoever and
whatsoever arising out of or in relation to or in connection with:

…

_b_. _18 Tembeling [Lane];_

…

_f_. _95 Joo Chiat;_

_g_. _97 Joo Chiat;_

[emphasis added]

8 Clause 5 of the Settlement Agreement dealt with the Joo Chiat properties and
read as follows:

5\. [The defendant] will sell his 1/6 share in [95 Joo Chiat] and his 1/6
share in [97 Joo Chiat] to [the first plaintiff] at _market value, such
valuation to be determined by Knight Frank, an independent valuer_. Pending
the sale of 97 Joo Chiat, all rental collected on 97 Joo Chiat shall be
distributed in the following manner:

i. The Estate of [the deceased] – 1/6

ii. [The defendant] – 1/6

iii. Quek Chin Heng – 1/6

iv. Ker Cheng Lye – 1/6

v. [The second plaintiff] – 1/6

vi. Quek Siew Kim – 1/6

[emphasis added]

Events leading to these proceedings

9 Pursuant to cl 5, the defendant’s former solicitor wrote to the plaintiffs’
solicitors on 24 April 2013, indicating that the defendant was ready to sell
his shares in the Joo Chiat properties and if the first plaintiff was ready to
buy them, he would proceed to initiate the valuation process for both
properties by engaging Knight Frank. The valuation fees were to be split
equally between them. Knight Frank was appointed by the first plaintiff on 25
April 2013. The first plaintiff funded its full fee initially and on 30 April
2013, the defendant was informed about these developments and that the first
plaintiff was agreeable to splitting the professional fees equally.

10 On completion of Knight Frank’s valuation on 8 May 2013, the Joo Chiat
properties were collectively valued at $4.2m. Knight Frank’s valuation report
(“Knight Frank’s Valuation”) was sent to the defendant’s solicitor and the
first plaintiff stated that she would pay the defendant $700,000, being one-
sixth of the collective value of the Joo Chiat properties. However, the
defendant’s solicitor replied on 19 June 2013 that the $4.2m figure was “too
far off the average market valuation of similar properties in the same area”
and that there was “a great discrepancy” between the valuation of the
properties done by Knight Frank and that done by another firm of valuers, GSK
Global. As proof of this, the defendant produced a valuation report by GSK
Global dated 3 June 2013 (“the GSK Report”) which valued the Joo Chiat
properties at $7.5m. He also sent the first plaintiff a transfer document and
title search report of a property at 370 Joo Chiat Road (collectively, “the
370 Joo Chiat documents”). On the same day, the defendant’s solicitor also
wrote to Knight Frank to ask for a re-assessment of its valuation of the Joo
Chiat properties, enclosing the 370 Joo Chiat documents in his request.

11 Knight Frank responded on 27 June 2013, highlighting the key differences
between its valuation and the GSK Report and explaining why its valuation was
fair, reasonable and informed. The defendant was also told that there was no
basis for a review of the $4.2m valuation. On 9 July 2013, this information
was again conveyed to the defendant and he was informed that the first
plaintiff would be making a payment of $700,000 to him for his shares in the
Joo Chiat properties.

12 The defendant replied on 20 August 2013 stating that he was not accepting
the $4.2m valuation given by Knight Frank as it was an unreasonably low
figure. In response, on 30 August 2013, the first plaintiff asserted that the
defendant had no basis to refuse the transfer of his shares in the Joo Chiat
properties to the first plaintiff and if he did not confirm that the necessary
transfer documents would be executed by 6 September 2013, she would commence
proceedings to compel performance of his obligations under the Settlement
Agreement.

13 The defendant later changed solicitors and on 23 September 2013, the first
plaintiff was sent valuation reports done by DTZ Debenham Tie Leung (SEA) Pte
Ltd (“DTZ”) dated 15 July 2013 and Jones Lang Laselle Property Consultants Pte
Ltd (“JLL”) dated 23 July 2013. As the average of the market prices contained
in the GSK, DTZ and JLL reports was $7m for both the Joo Chiat properties, the
first plaintiff was asked to increase the purchase price for the defendant’s
one-sixth shares in the two properties to $1,166,220, being one-sixth of $7m.
The first plaintiff refused on the basis that the defendant had agreed to
Knight Frank valuing the Joo Chiat properties and hence, its valuation was
final and binding. She also stated that Knight Frank’s appointment went
towards fulfilling the parties’ wishes to avoid further dispute over the
valuer’s identity and the valuation of the Joo Chiat properties. The fact that
there might be differing valuations was inconsequential to the final and
binding nature of Knight Frank’s Valuation. Therefore, the defendant’s
continued refusal to sell his one-sixth shares in the Joo Chiat properties
constituted a breach of the Settlement Agreement.

14 Thereafter, the plaintiffs commenced these proceedings to, _inter alia_ ,
compel the defendant to sell his share in the Joo Chiat properties to the
first plaintiff.

The issues

15 The main issue to be considered was whether the defendant was bound to
accept Knight Frank’s Valuation as final and binding. The subsidiary issue was
whether in that case it would be correct to order the defendant to complete
the sale. I will take the issues in turn.

Was Knight Frank’s Valuation final and binding?

The plaintiffs’ submissions

16 The plaintiffs submitted that Knight Frank’s Valuation was final and
binding. While the words “final and binding” did not appear in the Settlement
Agreement, the courts usually implied such terms where the parties had agreed
on an expert to determine the price of a property: _Campbell v Edwards_ [1976]
1 WLR 403 (“ _Campbell_ ”), _Evergreat Construction Co Pte Ltd v Presscrete
Engineering Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 634 (“ _Evergreat_ ”) at [27] and _Tan
Yeow Khoon v Tan Yeow Tat_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 486 at [12]. Even though there were
differences between the valuations given by Knight Frank, GSK, DTZ and JLL,
this was an insufficient reason for saying that Knight Frank’s Valuation was
manifestly erroneous as held in _Riduan bin Yusof v Khng Thian Huat_ [2005] 2
SLR(R) 188 _(“Riduan”)_ at [35] or that it was procured by fraud as held in
_Evergreat_ at [26]–[29]. Additionally, Knight Frank had provided cogent
reasons for its valuation and as such, there was no basis to disregard it and
the same should be upheld: see _Campbell_ at 408.

The defendant’s submissions

The Joo Chiat properties must be sold at market value

17 The defendant submitted that cl 5 states that he was to sell his one-sixth
shares in the Joo Chiat properties to the first plaintiff “at market value”.
It would not be just or equitable to force him to sell his shares below the
market value as that would be against the terms of the Settlement Agreement.
Furthermore, Knight Frank’s Valuation was not exclusive.

18 First, cl 5 was premised on an implied term that Knight Frank’s Valuation
would be at market value and/or fair or reasonable. As the owner of his share
of the Joo Chiat properties, he was entitled to ascertain the true “market
value” of the properties or ensure that Knight Frank’s Valuation was fair and
reasonable. Since the difference in valuation between Knight Frank and the
average obtained from the valuations of DTZ, JLL and GSK was substantial, the
first plaintiff had to increase the price for her purchase of his one-sixth
shares in the Joo Chiat properties. This would not just benefit him but also
the five other co-owners of the Joo Chiat properties. The defendant also
alleged that the plaintiffs lacked good faith by insisting on valuing the Joo
Chiat properties at a lower price.

Knight Frank’s Valuation was not final and binding

19 Next, the defendant submitted that Knight Frank’s Valuation could not be
final and binding on the parties because those words did not appear in cl 5.
He referred to a few cases to emphasise the significance of the words when
they were used. In _McDonald’s Rest Restaurants Pte Ltd v Wisma Development
Pte Ltd_ [2001] SGHC 375 at [11], the words “final conclusive and binding” had
been used in the relevant clause and the court had held that the valuation in
that case could not be disturbed. A similar clause was also found in _Holland
Leedon Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Metalform Asia Pte Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 517 at
[5] which provided for the binding nature of the arbitral award. Lastly, _Poh
Cheng Chew v K P Poh & Partners Pte Ltd_ [2014] SGHC 20 (“ _Poh Cheng Chew_ ”)
was cited for the point that in the absence of the words “solely” or “only”,
the court should not imply terms into a contract such that the expert
determinator’s scope of discretion would be fettered. The defendant’s point
was that if Knight’s Valuation was to be final and binding, this must be
explicitly stated in the Settlement Agreement.

20 Here, even though the Settlement Agreement did not provide for a second
valuation to be obtained or for such a report to be considered, it also did
not provide that no other valuation was to be considered or that Knight
Frank’s Valuation should be final and/or binding. The Settlement Agreement was
drafted by the plaintiffs’ solicitors and the plaintiffs were legally
represented and fully advised. However, the plaintiffs neither chose to
stipulate that Knight Frank’s Valuation was final and binding nor chose to
preclude the valuation from being the subject of any dispute, review or
appeal. Therefore, Knight Frank’s Valuation could not be final and binding on
the parties especially given their acrimonious and litigious history.

21 The defendant therefore submitted that the present case was similar to _Poh
Cheng Chew_ , and the parties’ intentions were for a fair and neutral
evaluation to be obtained. In addition, three other reports were presented
from reputable valuers determining the market value to be higher than that
given by Knight Frank. In such a case, the court should exercise its power to
disregard Knight Frank’s Valuation in favour of an alternative valuation
method.

My decision: Knight Frank’s Valuation was final and binding

22 The first issue that I had to consider in respect of the Joo Chiat
properties was whether Knight Frank’s Valuation was final and binding despite
the absence of the words “final” and “binding” from cl 5. The plaintiffs
submitted that this had to be the meaning of the clause given that the parties
entered into the Settlement Agreement with a view to achieving a clean break
and preventing future litigation.

23 The question here is as to the true meaning of cl 5. Although it did not
contain the words “final and binding”, I agree with the plaintiffs’ submission
that it was the parties’ intention that this would be the effect of the
valuation done by Knight Frank. I come to this conclusion by an analysis of
the clause.

24 The first thing that the first plaintiff and the defendant had to agree on
was the price for the Joo Chiat properties. They did not agree to a specific
price but instead accepted a formula: the sale was to be at “market price”.
This was specifically stated in the clause. There was no gap or ambiguity in
this part of the provision and therefore no room for any implication that the
price would be “fair and reasonable” as the defendant argued or that the
“market price” would be a price either party considered to be fair and
reasonable. Having agreed on the formula, the question that next arose was how
“market price” was to be determined. The parties’ answer to this was to agree
on an independent valuer. They then went on to name the party who would be
that valuer and they agreed on a valuer who is well known and well respected
in the Singapore property market. There was nothing bizarre in the choice that
could lead to any ambiguity or any implication that the valuation obtained
would have to be supplemented in any way. Having decided that, the clause
provided for “the valuation to be determined by Knight Frank, an independent
valuer”. No other or additional name was provided. It could have been, but was
not, agreed that the “market price” would be determined by the average of two
or even three valuers’ reports. That that was not done indicates it was the
parties’ intention, for simplicity and cost effectiveness, to use one valuer.
The defendant’s point that the Settlement Agreement was drafted by the
plaintiffs’ solicitors was immaterial. The defendant was legally represented
and, equally, could have insisted that more than one valuer be appointed. He
did not have to agree to just one.

25 In my judgment, the words “final” and “binding” did not have to be implied
into cl 5 for it to be effective – the intention of the parties for Knight
Frank’s Valuation to be final and binding was plain despite the absence of
those specific words. The context of the Settlement Agreement was clear:
parties wanted to settle all existing disputes (which included disputes
arising from the defendant’s co-ownership of the Joo Chiat properties) and
they wanted to settle them once and for all. They wanted to be free of court
disputes and did not want to have to go back to court to resolve their issues.
Clause 6 of the Settlement Agreement expressed this intention and though it
did not specifically refer to the valuation to be carried out under cl 5, the
same intention must have informed the wording of that clause.

26 I found the defendant’s submission that cl 5 could not be final and binding
in light of the acrimonious and litigious relationship between the parties to
be spurious. In fact, it was precisely because their relationship was
acrimonious and litigious that they sought to resolve the matter amicably
through mediation. They achieved this aim when the Settlement Agreement was
concluded. I was satisfied that cl 5 meant that Knight Frank’s Valuation was
final and binding on the parties.

27 Next, the defendant contended that there was an implied term that Knight
Frank’s Valuation was to reflect the market value of the Joo Chiat properties.
The significant difference between Knight Frank’s Valuation and the average
valuation price obtained by averaging the figures given by GSK, JLL and DTZ
showed that Knight Frank’s Valuation was below the market value and it would
be unjust and inequitable for defendant to sell his share of the Joo Chiat
properties at the price derived from this valuation.

28 I found the defendant’s arguments unmeritorious. The clause provided for
the market value to be determined by Knight Frank: that is, the market value
would be what Knight Frank said it was. As I discuss below at [33], in such a
situation, the determination cannot be challenged except on the grounds of
fraud, collusion or manifest error on the face of the valuation. None of these
factors was present.

29 It was also material that at the outset, the defendant did not dispute the
validity of Knight Frank’s appointment and even agreed to bear half of the
professional costs incurred. Before me he sought to say that Knight Frank’s
Valuation should not be relied on because it was below the market price which
he considered to be the average of the three valuations given by the valuers
he appointed. However, it is clear that a difference between the price arrived
at by the contractually nominated valuer and those arrived at by other parties
is insufficient to show that Knight Frank’s Valuation should not be relied
upon. In their submissions, the plaintiffs relied on _Campbell_ , a case where
the facts were highly similar to those before me. It is thus worthwhile to
examine the facts in that case.

30 _Campbell_ concerned the assignment of a tenancy agreement that provided,
_inter alia_ , that should the tenant wish to assign the premises she should
first offer to surrender the lease to the landlord at a price to be fixed by a
chartered surveyor agreed on between them. The tenant later sought to
surrender her lease and agreed with the landlord to appoint the firm of
Chestertons as surveyors to assess the proper price to be paid for the
remainder of her lease. Chestertons valued the lease at £10,000, but the
landlord obtained two other valuations at £3,500 and £1,250 respectively. He
then sought a declaration that he was not bound by Chestertons’ valuation and
asked for an order that a new valuation be obtained.

31 In rejecting the landlord’s arguments and finding for the tenant, Lord
Denning MR held (_Campbell_ at 407G–H) that the parties were bound by their
agreement:

If two persons agree that the price of property should be fixed by a valuer on
whom they agree, and he gives that valuation honestly and in good faith, they
are bound by it. Even if he has made a mistake they are still bound by it. The
reason is because they have agreed to be bound by it. If there were fraud or
collusion, of course, it would be very different. Fraud or collusion unravels
everything.

It may be that if a valuer gives a speaking valuation – if he gives his
reasons or his calculations – and you can show on the face of them that they
are wrong it might be upset. But this is not such a case. Chestertons simply
gave the figure. Having given it honestly, it is binding on the parties. It is
no good for either party to say it is incorrect. …

32 _Campbell_ was followed by V K Rajah J in _Evergreat_ , a case involving an
independent assessor appointed to assess the respective claims of the
plaintiff main contractor and the defendant subcontractor. In that case, the
independent assessor was given liberty to determine all issues of procedure
for the assessment and his decisions and findings on procedure, liability and
quantum were to be final: _Evergreat_ at [5]. The assessor having rendered
decisions and findings that were unfavourable to the plaintiff, the plaintiff
then applied to set aside his findings on the basis that the assessor had
failed to consider several items: _Evergreat_ at [20]. However, Rajah J
disallowed the application and held (_Evergreat_ at [28]–[29]) that:

28 In _Baber v Kenwood Manufacturing Co Ltd and Whinney Murray & Co_ [1978] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 175 Lawton JL said at 181:

They [the auditors] were to be experts. Now experts can be wrong; they can be
muddle-headed; and unfortunately on occasions they can give their opinions
negligently. Anyone who agrees to accept the opinion of an expert accepts the
risk of these sorts of misfortunes happening. What is not acceptable is the
risk of the expert being dishonest or corrupt.

29 In the absence of fraud or any corrupt colouring of the [Independent
Assessor’s] determination, there is neither liberty nor latitude to interfere
with or rewrite the parties’ solemn and considered contractual bargain, see
[5]. It is quite inappropriate for a court to substitute its own view on the
merits when the parties have already agreed to rely on the expertise of an
expert for a final and irrevocable determination.

33 The only exception to the final and binding nature of Knight Frank’s
Valuation would be if it was arose from collusion or was fraudulent or
manifestly erroneous: _Tan Yeow Khoon v Tan Yeow Tat_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 486 at
[12]. This was affirmed by the Court of Appeal in _Riduan_. Later in _Geowin
Construction Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Management Corporation Strata Title
Plan No 1256_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1004 (“ _Geowin_ ”) such a situation was stated
at [16] to be a patent error on the face of the award or decision. In _Geowin_
, Rajah J cited Lord Denning MR in _Campbell_ and held at [17] that if a
figure were given honestly it would be binding on the parties _even if
incorrect_ unless it could be shown that the reasons or calculations the
valuer had given for such figure were, _on their face_ , wrong.

34 Fraud was not alleged here. The defendant was left with manifest error. I
did not find that Knight Frank’s Valuation was manifestly erroneous or that
there was a patent error on its face. Knight Frank’s report was well-
substantiated and sufficiently detailed to show that its valuation was not an
arbitrary one but a well-considered one. The mere raising of differences
between its valuation and the valuations given by GSK, DTZ and JLL and GSK was
therefore insufficient to show that Knight Frank’s Valuation could not be the
market value or was manifestly erroneous. The valuations that the defendant
relied on were done at different dates and included information that was not
available to Knight Frank when it did its valuation. It was notable that none
of the defendant’s valuers challenged the methodology used by Knight Frank as
being incorrect. In any event, even if there had been an honest mistake in
Knight Frank’s Valuation, it would have still bound the parties since there
was no manifest error.

In what circumstances should specific performance be granted?

35 The plaintiffs sought an order for specific performance with respect to the
Joo Chiat properties. This court’s power to grant the remedies prayed for,
which stems from para 14 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 332, 1985 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”), was undisputed.

36 The plaintiffs submitted that the dominant principle that should operate in
considering whether specific performance should be granted is that specific
performance will only be granted if it is just to do so in light of all the
circumstances: _Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 (“
_Lee Chee Wei_ ”). Two important elements in this enquiry are, _inter alia_
(see _Lee Chee Wei_ at [53]):

(a) whether damages would be an adequate remedy; and

(b) whether the person against whom specific performance is sought would
suffer substantial hardship.

37 In respect of the above elements, first, the plaintiffs submitted that
specific performance is generally available for a contract for the purchase of
land as damages are inadequate because land is a type of property for which
there is no adequate substitute. In the present case, this argument applied
even more strongly because the remaining shares in the Joo Chiat properties
were held by family members and the object of the sale of the defendant’s one-
sixth shares in the Joo Chiat properties was to achieve a clean break and to
avoid future disputes between the co-owners. It was thus envisaged that the
Joo Chiat properties were to be held by family members who were able to get
along with each other. The defendant had also disrupted the operations of the
existing family business being carried out at 95 Joo Chiat and might cause
further disruptions if he remained a co-owner of 95 Joo Chiat. In light of
these considerations, they submitted that damages would be an inadequate
remedy.

38 Next, the plaintiffs submitted that no substantial hardship would be
suffered by the defendant because the defendant would merely be compelled to
perform obligations that he had previously agreed to. The defendant objected
to the performance of his obligations under the Settlement Agreement on the
basis that Knight Frank’s Valuation was too low. However, where possible, the
court should promote commercial certainty by holding parties to bargains
struck by them.

39 The defendant did not take issue with the plaintiffs’ submissions in
relation to the remedy of specific performance and the basis on which it
should be issued. His dispute was only about the price. He was perfectly
willing to sell his one-sixth shares in the Joo Chiat properties to the first
plaintiff provided that the price was right.

My decision: Specific performance was the appropriate remedy here

40 It was my view that specific performance should be ordered in the present
case. Damages were inadequate and inappropriate given that the first
plaintiff’s purpose in insisting that the defendant transfer his one-sixth
shares in the Joo Chiat properties was not to take advantage of him in order
to obtain a monetary gain. The real purpose was to effect a clean break
between the defendant and the other co-owners of the Joo Chiat properties with
whom he could not agree and with whom he had already had disputes. The first
plaintiff and the other parties to the Settlement Agreement as well as the
defendant himself had agreed that it was in the interests of all parties if he
relinquished his shares in the Joo Chiat properties to her and had nothing
further to do with those properties. That was why they had agreed on a
mechanism for fixing the price at which she would buy him out. In those
circumstances, it was clear that an award of damages would not further the
purposes for which the Settlement Agreement came into being as no peace would
be achieved if the co-owners of the Joo Chiat properties did not get along
with each other. No other property could substitute for the interest in the
Joo Chiat properties that the first plaintiff would acquire from the
defendant.

41 Next, the plaintiffs had submitted that the defendant would suffer no
financial hardship if the court ordered a sale of his one-sixth shares in the
Joo Chiat properties. I agreed. No doubt the defendant would realise less from
the sale than he had wanted but that sum was still a net gain in financial
terms and derived from the bargain he had made in relation to his inheritance
and not from any wrongful or unconscionable act on the part of the plaintiffs.
He had to abide by his bargain.

42 I therefore found that it was just and equitable to order a sale of the
defendant’s one-sixth shares in each of the Joo Chiat properties to the first
plaintiff and made the orders referred to in [5] above.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jul 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

