Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Poh Beng _v_ Choo Lee Mei  
[2014] SGHC 163

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 160 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 August 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Edmund Leow JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Manoj Sandrasegara & Jonathan Tang (WongPartnership LLP,
instructed) and Patricia Quah (Patricia Quah & Co) for the plaintiff; The
defendant in person.  
Parties| :|  Tan Poh Beng — Choo Lee Mei  
  
18 August 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 This case raises the novel issue of whether an ancillary order issued by a
foreign court for the division of property situated in Singapore may be given
legal effect in Singapore. I have reluctantly come to the conclusion that it
may not.

Facts

2 The Plaintiff and the Defendant (collectively, “the Parties”), who are both
Malaysian citizens, were husband and wife. On 7 October 2005, they obtained a
_decree nisi_ for divorce from the High Court of Malaya at Ipoh (“the
Malaysian Court”) which was made absolute on 15 September 2006.

3 On 18 August 2006, the Malaysian Court made the following ancillary orders
by consent (“the Malaysian Court Order”):

(1) the property known as Blok [_sic_] 950 Jurong West Street 91, #04-629,
Singapore 640950 (“Matrimonial Asset”) to be sold immediately by “private
treaty”; whereby the Petitioner Husband shall have full authority to conduct
the sale.

(2) the entire proceeds of the Matrimonial Asset be remitted to the Petitioner
Husband and shall thereafter be utilised to settle the following payments in
the order of priority as set out below;

(a) to repay outstanding Housing and Development Board Mortgage Loan (the said
HDB loan); and

(b) to refund “Central Provident Fund Account” for the sums withdrawn from the
said Petitioner Husband’s account for the purchase of the said Matrimonial
Asset and the interest accrued; and

(c) to pay all costs including the property agent’s fee and commission, legal
fees for the sales transaction and expenses, other expenses (including
Matrimonial Asset valuation fee, including but not limited to any costs of and
necessary overhaul, repair, correction and/or removal of the matrimonial asset
in order for the same to be sold;

(3) in the event the proceeds of sale are insufficient to pay in full, the
items as stated under paragraphs 2 (a) (b) and (c) stated above, the
Petitioner Husband shall bear the difference;

(4) only in the event there is a balance of sale proceeds after the full
payment of the items as stated in paragraphs 2 (a) (b) and (c), the said
balance shall be divided between the Petitioner Husband and Respondent in the
ratio of 60:40 respectively;

(5) the Respondent is to sign the Sale and Purchase of Matrimonial asset
[_sic_] Agreement and other related documents of transfer within 14 days from
the date the documents are served on the Respondent, and shall take and carry
out steps as deemed necessary in order to complete the sale of the Matrimonial
Asset;

(6) each party is to bear their respective costs for this application.

4 Thereafter, the Plaintiff sought to engage an agent to sell the Singapore
property (“the Property”). However, the Defendant refused to sign or execute
any of the documents served on her to facilitate the sale. On 13 July 2011,
the Plaintiff applied for and obtained an order from the Malaysian Court
directing a court officer or registrar to execute the sale and purchase
agreement and any other related documents of transfer on the Defendant’s
behalf.

5 On 19 January 2012, the Plaintiff found buyers for the Property (“the
Purchasers”) and proceeded to sign an option to purchase, with the Registrar
of the Malaysian Court signing it on the Defendant’s behalf. The transfer
instrument (“the Transfer Instrument”) was executed on 23 April 2013 by the
Plaintiff and the Registrar on the Defendant’s behalf. On 17 May 2013, a
cashier’s order for the sum of $1,001.50 in favour of the Defendant was sent
to her solicitors, being the proceeds due to her from the sale of the
Property.

6 On 13 September 2013, the Purchasers’ solicitors wrote to the Singapore Land
Authority (“the SLA”) seeking to register the Transfer Instrument under the
Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the LTA”). However, the SLA replied
saying that under s 56(2)(_d_) the LTA, read with s 2 of the Interpretation
Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), it can only register a transfer if it has been
executed on behalf of the registered proprietor by an officer of a court of
competent jurisdiction _in Singapore_. The SLA therefore rejected the
Purchasers’ request to register the Transfer Instrument.

7 On 15 November 2013, the Plaintiff filed Originating Summons No 1108 of 2013
seeking to register the Malaysian Court Order in the High Court of Singapore
under the Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985
Rev Ed) (“the RECJA”). However, he withdrew this application after the duty
registrar pointed out that the RECJA only applied to money judgments (see s
2(1) of the RECJA).

8 The Plaintiff then filed the present application on 25 February 2014 seeking
the following orders:

1\. the property situated at Block 950 Jurong West Street 91, #04-629,
Singapore 640950 (hereinafter referred to as “the Matrimonial Asset”) is to be
sold by the Plaintiff and the Defendant at $400,000.00 to Nurazmi Bin Mohamd
and Faridah Binte Ungku Ismail (“the Purchasers”) pursuant to the Option to
Purchase dated 10th January 2013.

2\. the orders relating to the Matrimonial Asset contained in the Orders of
Court dated 18th August 2006 and 19th March 2012 granted by the High Court of
Malaya at Ipoh in Joint Divorce Petition No:- 33-182-2005 in Annexure A
attached hereto in this Originating Summons shall stand in that:-

(a) the proceeds of the sale of the Matrimonial Asset shall thereafter be
utilized to settle the following payments in the order of priority as set out
below:-

(i) to repay outstanding Housing and Development Board Mortgage Loan (the said
HDB loan);

(ii) to refund “Central Provident Fund Account” for the sums withdrawn from
the Plaintiff’s account for the purchase of the Matrimonial Assets and the
interest accrued; and

(iii) to pay all costs including the property agent’s fee and commission,
legal fees for the sale transaction and other expenses (including valuation
fee pertaining to the Matrimonial Assets including but not limited to any
costs of and necessary overhaul, repair, correction order for the Matrimonial
Asset to be sold;

(b) in the event the proceeds of sale are insufficient to pay in full, the
items as stated under paragraphs 2(a)(i),(ii) and (iii) stated above, the
Plaintiff shall bear the difference;

(c) only in the event there is a balance of the sale proceeds after the full
payment of the items as stated in paragraphs 2(a)(i),(ii) and (iii), the said
balance shall be divided between the Plaintiff and Defendant known as “Choo
Lee Mei” … in the ratio of 60:40 respectively;

(d) the Defendant is to sign the relevant Sale and Purchase of the Matrimonial
Asset Agreement, Option to Purchase and other related documents of transfer
pertaining to the sale of the Matrimonial Asset (“the Sale Documents”) the
Order of Court dated 19th March 2012 shall apply in the event the Defendant
fails to execute the Sale Documents.

3\. for purposes of the Defendant’s and Plaintiff’s compliance with Section
56(2)(d), Section 56(3) and Section 132 of the Land Titles Act (“LTA”) in
order for the lodgement and registration of the Transfer instrument pertaining
to the Sale of the Matrimonial Assets to occur, the orders contained in Orders
of Court dated 19th March 2012 in Annex A hereto shall apply and all execution
by Najwa Binti Che Mat of Mahkamah Tinggi Ipoh on behalf of the Defendant be
deemed to have complied with the aforesaid sections of the LTA. In the
alternative the Registrar of the Supreme Court Singapore shall be empowered to
execute the Transfer Instrument for and on behalf of the Defendant for
purposes of the lodgement and registration of the relevant Transfer Instrument
at the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”) for the conveyance of the Matrimonial
Asset to the Purchasers to be completed.

4\. such further or other orders and relief as this Honourable Court shall
deem fit for purposes of the lodgement and perfection of the Transfer
Instrument relating sale of the Matrimonial Flat by the Plaintiff and
Defendant to the Purchasers at SLA.

9 I heard the application on 22 May 2014 and reserved judgment. After
considering the matter in greater detail, I was of the view that the Plaintiff
had not provided any legal basis for the orders sought. I therefore asked the
Plaintiff to tender written submissions addressing this issue. Counsel for the
Plaintiff then instructed counsel from WongPartnership LLP to render an
opinion and assist in crafting the submissions.

10 On 27 June 2014, the Plaintiff applied for leave to amend his application
to seek the following orders instead:

1\. that the property situated at Block 950 Jurong West Street 91, #04-629,
Singapore 640950 (hereinafter referred to as “the Matrimonial Asset”) is to be
sold by the Plaintiff and the Defendant pursuant to the Option to Purchase
dated 10th January 2013.

2\. that the Defendant do within 7 days of the Order of Court made herein
execute the Transfer Instrument pertaining to the sale of the Matrimonial
Asset (the “Transfer Instrument”);

3\. In that alternative, that the Registrar of the Supreme Court of Singapore
be empowered to execute the Transfer Instrument for and on behalf of the
Defendant; and

4\. such further or other orders and relief as this Honourable Court shall
deem fit.

I heard the application for leave to amend on 14 July 2014 and granted it.

11 On 29 July 2014, the Plaintiff tendered his written submissions setting out
the purported legal bases on which I could make the orders he is seeking. The
Plaintiff submits that each of the following “heads of jurisdiction” would
independently empower me to make the orders sought:

(a) paragraph 2 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) read with O 31 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”);

(b) the Defendant’s voluntary submission to the jurisdiction of this Court by
attending the hearings before me; and

(c) this Court’s inherent jurisdiction.

My decision

12 I will address the three legal grounds relied on by the Plaintiff in turn.

Paragraph 2 of the First Schedule to the SCJA and O 31 r 1 of the ROC

13 Section 18(2) of the SCJA states that the High Court shall have the powers
set out in the First Schedule. Under para 2 of the First Schedule, this
includes the power to order the sale of land where it appears necessary or
expedient in any cause or matter relating to land:

**Partition and sale in lieu of partition**

2\. Power to partition land and to direct a sale instead of partition in any
action for partition of land; and in any cause or matter relating to land,
where it appears necessary or expedient, to order the land or any part of it
to be sold, and to give all necessary and consequential directions.

14 O 31 r 1 of the ROC states that the High Court has the power to order that
any immovable property be sold where it appears “necessary or expedient” for
the purposes of the cause or matter to do so:

**Power to order sale of immovable property (O. 31, r. 1)**

1\. Where in any cause or matter relating to any immovable property it appears
necessary or expedient for the purposes of the cause or matter that the
property or any part thereof should be sold, the Court may order that property
or part to be sold, and any party bound by the order and in possession of that
property or part, or in receipt of the rents and profits thereof, may be
compelled to deliver up such possession or receipt to the purchaser or to such
other person as the Court may direct.

15 The Plaintiff submits that it is indeed “necessary or expedient” for this
Court to order the sale of the Property. This is because the sale of the
Property to the Purchasers has been completed and the Parties have received
consideration for the sale. The Purchasers have also taken possession of the
Property and now reside there. However, because of the SLA’s refusal to
register the Transfer Instrument, legal title to the Property has not passed
to the Purchasers more than a year after the completion of the sale. The
Court’s order for a sale of the Property is therefore necessary to rectify
this unfortunate circumstance.

16 The scope of O 31 r 1 does not appear to have been considered by local
courts. In _Wicks v Wicks_ [1998] 3 WLR 277, the English Court of Appeal had
occasion to consider O 31 r 1 of the Rules of the Supreme Court 1965 (UK),
which is similar in terms to our O 31 r 1. In that case, the wife, pending
determination of her application for ancillary relief, applied for an order
that the matrimonial home be sold under O 31 r 1. The High Court Judge allowed
her application but was reversed by the Court of Appeal. Despite sympathising
with the wife’s position, the Court of Appeal held that O 31 r 1 was a
procedural provision and did not confer an original source of jurisdiction
allowing it to make the orders sought by the wife (at 289):

It does not follow that Order 31 is an original source of jurisdiction. _It is
a procedural provision the exercise of which is dependent on there being a
cause or matter in the Chancery Division relating to land or an application
for ancillary relief in the Divorce Court relating to land._ In its
application in the Chancery Division Order 31 seems to remove the need for the
previous practice to direct a sale either “with the approbation of the judge”
or “out of court” and to give a flexible procedure for the management of any
sale. It seems to be purely procedural in its intent and in its effect. I
agree with Sir Donald Nicholls V.-C. in _Panayiotou v. Sony Music
Entertainment (U.K.) Ltd._ [1994] Ch. 142, 149 when he said:

[The Rules of the Supreme Court] regulate and prescribe the ‘practice and
procedure’ to be followed in the Supreme Court: section 84 of the Supreme
Court Act 1981. They regulate the exercise by the court of its jurisdiction;
they cannot extend the court’s jurisdiction or confer a jurisdiction which, in
the absence of rules, the court would otherwise lack.

In my judgment Order 31 has no application to the facts of this case.
Moreover, and again with regret, I conclude that it is not a source of
jurisdiction enabling the court to make interim orders for the sale of
property pending the determination of the claims for ancillary relief.

[emphasis added]

17 Likewise, in _In re Robinson, Pickard v Wheater_ (1885) 31 Ch D 247, the
court had to consider the scope of Order LI r 1 of the Rules of Supreme Court
1883 (UK), which stated: “If in any cause or matter relating to any real
estate, it shall appear necessary or expedient that the real estate or any
part thereof should be sold, the Court or a Judge may order the same to be
sold ...”. Pearson J held that this rule did not give the court the power to
order a sale of the property where it otherwise would not have the power to do
so (at 249–250):

[O LI r 1] is taken from sect. 55 of the Act 15 & 16 Vict. c. 86, from which
it differed by the omission of the words “for the purposes of such suit.”
Those are, no doubt, important words, and the applicant is fully entitled to
rely on their omission as shewing that the Court has now a larger power than
it had under sect. 55. Jessel, M.R., laid it down that those words meant “for
the purposes of the suit only.” _But still I think the rule means that the
Court may order a sale whenever it is necessary for the purposes of the
action, and that it was not intended to enable the Court to sell real estate
when otherwise it had no power to do so. It is said that here there is an
action properly commenced by originating summons, and that the Court has every
power which it would have in any other action, and I was referred to In re
Fawsitt [30 Ch D. 231] as shewing that an originating summons is an action,
and that the rules which relate to actions apply to it. Independently of that
authority, I should have had no doubt that that was so. But at any rate there
is some difference between a summons taken out for the determination of some
particular question or questions, and an action for the general administration
of an estate._ If this summons is to be treated as expressly asking for a sale
under rule 1 of Order LI., I am of opinion that it is not a proper originating
summons under rule 3 of Order LV. It was not intended that that rule and rule
1 of Order LI. should be combined in this way, or that the Court should have a
power of selling an infant’s property which it never had before. There are no
trusts to administer, and I think I can only approve of such a sale as the
executor could have previously made himself. [emphasis added]

18 The Plaintiff argues that these authorities are inapplicable here because
apart from O 31 r 1, this Court also has the power under para 2 of the First
Schedule to the SCJA to order the sale of the Property. Therefore, that
paragraph supplies the original jurisdiction or power for this court to make
the orders sought.

19 This argument is misconceived. The Court’s power under both the SCJA and
the ROC to order the sale of a property is contingent on there being a
_substantive legal basis_ to justify the exercise that power. Neither
provision was intended to create an unfettered power on the Court’s part to
order the sale of a property simply because it is “necessary or expedient” to
do so. In this regard, it bears noting that both para 2 of the First Schedule
and O 31 r 1 refer to the need for a “cause or matter” relating to any land or
immovable property. In my view, for the purposes of O 31 r 1 and para 2 of the
First Schedule (the phrase might have a broader meaning elsewhere), that
phrase signifies the need for there to be a cause of action, whether based on
common law or statute, creating a substantive legal basis for ordering a sale
of the property. An application seeking the sale of property under O 31 r 1
and/or para 2 of the First Schedule does not, without more, qualify as such a
“cause or matter”.

20 This was the interpretation implicitly given to that phrase by the courts
in the two English cases cited above, and it was stated in more explicit terms
by the High Court of Shah Alam in _Rubyna Kaur a/p Surinder Singh v Jasbir
Singh a/1 Harbajan Singh_ [2003] 6 MLJ 753. In that case, the applicant
applied for an order for the sale of a piece of property under O 31 r 1 of the
Rules of the High Court 1980 (Malaysia) and para 3 of the Schedule to the
Courts of Judicature Act 1964 (Malaysia) (these provisions are the equivalents
of our O 31 r 1 and para 2 of the First Schedule to the SCJA respectively).
The property was bought by the applicant and the respondent before their
marriage with the intention of turning it into their matrimonial home. There
were no separation or divorce proceedings by the parties or litigation taken
up by any interested third party at the time of the application. The court
rejected the application, holding that there was no “cause or matter” relating
to property (at 761):

… As O 31 speaks succinctly of the existence of the precondition of cause or
matter, and unless that precondition is established first, any application
would face certain rejection at the outset. What then is cause or matter in
the context of this order? Under s 3 of the CJA, the interpretation of cause
includes ‘any action, suit or other original proceeding between a plaintiff
and defendant, and any criminal proceeding, whilst matter would include ‘every
proceeding in court not in a cause’. _Black’s Law Dictionary_ defines cause as
‘a suit, litigation, or action. Any question, civil or criminal, litigated or
contested before a court of justice’. As regards matter _Black_ defines it as
‘substantial facts forming basis of claim or defense; facts material to issue;
substance as distinguished from form; transaction, event, occurrence, subject-
matter of controversy’. Despite the wide scope of the words cause and matter
or because of it, as defined by the CJA and _Black_ (as the terminology
includes is adverted to), I was satisfied that these two words must relate to
some existing court proceedings pertaining to the impugned property within the
context of O 31. Without mincing words, prima facie if there are no court
proceedings, not necessarily confined to actions filed by the contending
parties, then justification of necessity or expediency of that intended sale
does not exist. _From the evidence, and also admitted by both parties, I had
managed to gather that there was no cause or matter in relation to the
impugned property having been filed in court in whatever form, eg a separation
or even divorce proceedings by the contending parties or any litigation taken
up even by an interested third party anywhere in Malaysia._ On that score,
bearing in mind that the additional powers ‘shall be exercised in accordance
with any written law or rules of court’, and as the applicant had failed
miserably as regards a pertinent requirement, she already at the opening stage
was hard pressed to convince me. To avoid any uncertainty, I must
unhesitatingly state that as I had found no cause or matter at the stage of
the application, to grant the application would mean exercising the powers of
sale in contravention of any written law or rules of court relating thereto.
[emphasis added]

21 In my judgment, therefore, neither para 2 of the First Schedule to the SCJA
nor O 31 r 1 of the ROC permits me to order a sale of the Property in the
absence of some other legal basis for doing so.

The Defendant’s voluntary submission to the Court

22 This ground can be disposed of shortly. The mere fact that the Defendant
has voluntarily submitted to this Court’s jurisdiction does not mean that I
have an open-ended discretion to make any orders I wish in relation to the
Property. I must still decide the Plaintiff’s application on the basis of
established legal principles. This supposed ground of jurisdiction therefore
does not add anything to the analysis at all.

The inherent jurisdiction of the Court

23 I now turn to the Plaintiff’s final argument, which is that I should
exercise the inherent jurisdiction of this Court to make the orders sought. In
this context, the phrase “inherent jurisdiction” is really being used to mean
the inherent _powers_ of the Court – the former refers to the Court’s inherent
authority to hear a matter, while the latter is its inherent capacity to give
effect to its determination by making or granting the orders or reliefs sought
by the successful party to the dispute: _Re Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario_ [2013]
3 SLR 258 at [33] and [40]–[41]. The Court’s inherent powers are recognised in
O 92 r 4 of the ROC, which states:

**4\. Inherent powers of Court (O. 92, r. 4)**

4\. For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in these
Rules shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the Court to
make any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse
of the process of the Court.

24 The inherent powers of the Court may only be exercised in exceptional
circumstances where there is a clear need for it and the justice of the case
so demands: _Roberto Building Material Pte Ltd and others v Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corp Ltd and another_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 353 at [17]. The principles
governing the exercise of the Court’s inherent powers were summarised by
Professor Jeffrey Pinsler in his article _Inherent Jurisdiction Revisited: An
Expanding Doctrine_ (2002) 14 SAcLJ 1 (“ _Inherent Jurisdiction Revisited_ ”)
at [19] as follows:

(i) Order 92, rule 4 refers to the inherent jurisdiction of the court. It
provides that the court may make orders which are necessary to ‘prevent
injustice’ or ‘prevent an abuse of the process of court’.

(ii) The exercise of the court’s inherent jurisdiction is not limited to a
strict sense of ‘injustice’. For example, the jurisdiction may be exercised to
prevent or avoid a situation of ‘serious hardship or difficulty or danger’.
The court must be flexible and not bind itself to ‘rigid criteria or tests’.

(iii) As long as the court acts ‘judiciously’ or in a ‘just and equitable’
manner, it does not have to limit the circumstances in which it can exercise
its jurisdiction.

(iv) An essential consideration is the ‘need’ of the party concerned.

(v) However, this need must be of a sufficient degree to justify the exercise
of the court’s inherent jurisdiction. It will not be exercised merely to
satisfy the party’s interest or desire. In _Wee Soon Kim_ [[2001] 2 SLR(R)
821], the Court of Appeal stated that the need was not of ‘such a gravity’
that the court should invoke its inherent jurisdiction.

(vi) Such a need does not arise if there is a procedural mechanism (whether
provided by statute or the Rules of Court) in place which effectively governs
the circumstances.

(vii) The court may consider its own needs as, for example, whether it would
be able to deliberate more effectively if it were to exercise its inherent
jurisdiction.

(viii) The court should not exercise its inherent jurisdiction merely because
to do so would not cause prejudice to the other party.

(ix) However, the issue of whether prejudice would be suffered by one party or
the other as a result of the court’s decision to exercise, or refrain from
exercising, its inherent jurisdiction, is a consideration to be taken into
account.

(x) There must be ‘reasonably strong or compelling reasons’ why the court
should exercise its inherent jurisdiction.

25 The Plaintiff submits that these principles are satisfied in the present
case, for the following reasons:

(a) First, the orders sought will prevent injustice to the Purchasers who,
being _bona fide_ purchasers of Property, are still unable to take legal title
more than one year after completion.

(b) Second, the orders sought will prevent or avoid a situation of serious
hardship or difficulty or danger. This is because the Parties are in
continuing breach of their implied obligation in the Terms and Conditions for
Sale and Purchase dated 10 January 2013 to transfer the title in the Property
upon completion, and are liable to be sued for substantial damages.

(c) Third, there is no existing procedural mechanism effectively governing the
circumstances. The RECJA only applies to money judgments, and the Malaysian
Court Order is not a maintenance order that can be registered and enforced
under the Maintenance Orders (Facilities for Enforcement) Act (Cap 168, 1985
Rev Ed) or the Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act (Cap 169, 1985
Rev Ed). There is a lacuna in the law insofar as the enforcement of foreign
ancillary orders relating to the division of property in Singapore is
concerned.

(d) Fourth, there are no alternative procedures available to perfect the sale
of the Property.

26 I am sympathetic to the Plaintiff’s position and am prepared to accept
that, as a matter of justice and need, there are strong grounds for making the
orders he is seeking. In my judgment, however, I am precluded from exercising
this Court’s inherent powers to fill in a lacuna in the law _that was
deliberately left there by the legislature_. This point was highlighted in Goh
Yihan, “The Inherent Jurisdiction and Inherent Powers of the Singapore Courts:
Rethinking the Limits of their Exercise” [2011] SJLS 178 at 201–202:

2\. _Legislative Silence: Sliding Scale of Assumptions as to Implied
Exclusion_

Most of the time Parliament does not expressly indicate its intent in
statutes. Assuming no express prohibition, the second stage of the test is
then to ask whether Parliament has impliedly excluded the courts’ inherent
jurisdiction or power in the matter concerned. This approach reflects the
constitutional point that the courts are bound by the legislative intent as
embodied in statutes. Sometimes, an exclusion can be discerned by implication
via the text, but often courts are left with little guidance, save for their
self-imposed broad tests based on “need” and “justice”.…

[emphasis in original]

27 A similar observation was made by Professor Jeffrey Pinsler in relation to
gaps in the ROC (_Inherent Jurisdiction Revisited_ at [21]):

If there is a _lacuna_ (gap) in the rules so that no procedure governs the
situation before the court, the court will have to decide whether it would be
acting ‘judiciously’ by exercising its inherent power. In determining this, it
will have to take into account the ‘need’ of the party seeking the relief. To
warrant the court’s intervention, he would have to show at least ‘serious
hardship or difficulty or danger’. _The court should also take into account
any reason why the Rules Committee did not provide rules to govern the
situation. If the omission can be justified (for example, in the interest of
the administration of justice) over and above the personal need of the party
seeking relief, the court would not be acting judiciously by exercising its
inherent power in favour of the party._ In any event, there must be
‘reasonably strong or compelling reasons’ why the inherent jurisdiction should
be exercised. This would take into account the party’s need, the concerns of
the opposing party and whether the intention of the Rules of Court is to
permit or bar any relief that my [_sic_] be provided by the judicial exercise
of inherent power in circumstances not catered to by those Rules. Although the
incidence of prejudice is a factor to be considered, it will not be
determinative. [emphasis added]

28 In the present case, there is compelling evidence to show that Parliament
was well aware of the lack of legal avenues to enforce foreign ancillary
orders for the division of property in Singapore, but chose _not_ pass
legislation to enable their enforcement here. This very area of law was
reviewed in the Report of the Law Reform Committee (“LRC”) of the Singapore
Academy of Law on Ancillary Orders after Foreign Divorce or Annulment (July
2009). The LRC observed at para 26 that:

The legal effect in the forum of a foreign order as to the division of
matrimonial assets depends on the nature of the order itself. … Under the
existing common law, only money judgments are enforceable. Thus, a foreign
order dividing up property situated in the forum will not be enforceable in
the forum. Recourse to the Singapore court after a foreign matrimonial
judgment is most likely to be in respect of assets in Singapore, but these are
cases where the foreign orders are least likely to have any legal effect in
Singapore.

29 Following the LRC’s Report, the Ministry of Community Development, Youth
and Sports issued a Consultation Paper dated 13 September 2010 on certain
proposed amendments to the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Women’s
Charter”). Paragraphs 13–15 of the Consultation Paper stated:

13\. Under current laws, the Singapore court is not empowered to make orders
on ancillary matters such as division of matrimonial assets, maintenance of
wife and children, and custody of children, if the parties have obtained a
divorce in a foreign court and the divorce is recognised by Singapore law.
_Even if ancillary orders have been made in the foreign court, the ability of
the Singapore court to enforce such foreign orders is limited._ We propose to
expand the powers of the Courts to help Singaporeans who marry foreigners and
later divorce overseas, especially if they move back to Singapore or have
assets in Singapore.

14\. _For division of matrimonial assets, the expanded powers of the Courts
will apply even when a foreign order on this has been made, as a foreign order
made on an asset that is immovable and located in Singapore has questionable
legitimacy since the asset is out of the foreign court’s geographical
jurisdiction._ For maintenance of wife and children, the expanded power of the
Singapore court will apply only where foreign maintenance orders have not been
made.

15\. To effect this, we are introducing a new Chapter 4A (comprising new
s.121A to s.121G) and amend s.132(1) by inserting a new (sub-)s.132(1)(e) to
Part X of the Women’s Charter. Under this new chapter, a person who is
divorced, legally separated or whose marriage is annulled under foreign
judicial proceedings may apply to the Singapore courts upon the satisfaction
of specific conditions. These conditions are that either party must have
sufficient connection with Singapore (s.121C); there are substantial grounds
to ask the court to exercise its powers (s.121D); and the Singapore court must
be satisfied that it is the appropriate forum (s.121F). In effect, the court,
when exercising its jurisdiction over the case, may make any of the orders for
the division of matrimonial assets and maintenance as if the divorce,
separation or nullity had been granted in Singapore.

[emphasis added]

30 The proposed amendments were eventually passed by Parliament on 10 January
2011. The Minister for Community Development, Youth and Sports, Dr Vivian
Balakrishnan, explained the amendments as follows (_Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (10 January 2011) vol 87 at cols 2048–2049):

Lastly, a new Chapter 4A of Part X will be introduced in the Charter to
empower the Singapore courts to provide financial relief for divorces granted
in overseas courts which are also recognised in Singapore. Under the present
law, the Singapore court has power to grant important ancillary financial
orders for maintenance of the ex-spouse and children and for the division of
matrimonial assets if the parties obtain a divorce from a Singapore court, but
not if they have already obtained a divorce overseas. Sir, with the increasing
number of Singaporeans working and residing overseas and increasing marriages
between locals and foreigners, this proposed provision will help those who are
made vulnerable by foreign divorces and who have a relevant connection to
Singapore to seek relief.

Let me give Members an example: A Singaporean woman who marries a foreigner
and then lives in a matrimonial home in Singapore. Suppose the foreign spouse
then obtains a divorce from a foreign court which is recognised in Singapore
but for some reason makes no financial provisions. Currently, the Singaporean
spouse will have no financial remedy in Singapore because the Singapore courts
do not have the power to make such ancillary orders.  _With this new Chapter,
the courts here will be able to make orders on matrimonial assets in Singapore
and the maintenance for divorces that were obtained in foreign courts._**_This
will plug an existing gap._** The related amendments will also be made to the
Central Provident Fund Act to effect this, as CPF monies may constitute part
of the matrimonial assets to be divided between parties.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

31 It can be seen from the above material that Parliament was clearly
cognisant of the gap in the law relating to the enforcement of foreign
ancillary orders for the division of property in Singapore. It chose to plug
this gap not by allowing such orders to be enforced here, but by enacting
Chapter 4A of the Women’s Charter. Chapter 4A allows the Court to hear
applications and make orders for financial relief in respect of foreign
divorces (including the division of matrimonial property) if certain
conditions are met, and it may hear an application for financial relief even
if ancillary orders have already been made by a foreign court (s 121D(3)).
Unfortunately, it appears that the Plaintiff will be unable to avail himself
of Chapter 4A because the decree for his divorce was made before its
commencement date (s 121A(2)). That, however, does not change the fact that I
would be circumventing the statutory regime enacted by Parliament if I relied
on the inherent powers of the Court to grant the Plaintiff the relief he
seeks.

32 I should add that even without considering the 2011 amendments to the
Women’s Charter, I would have been hesitant to rely on my inherent powers to
procure what is in effect the enforcement of a foreign order which cannot
otherwise be enforced under the relevant law here. In every case where a
foreign judgment cannot be enforced in Singapore, there would _prima facie_ be
injustice in the sense that the party seeking enforcement would be unable to
realise certain legal remedies that have been granted to him by a foreign
court after an assessment of the merits of the case. However, that alone is
not a sufficient basis for the court to enforce the foreign judgment. In this
case, for example, the Malaysian Court Order cannot be enforced under the
RECJA because it is not a money judgment. If I were to enforce it on the basis
of injustice alone, then the limitations in the RECJA and other laws relating
to the reciprocal enforcement of judgments would be rendered meaningless.

33 Thus, I hold that this is an inappropriate case to exercise the inherent
powers of the Court to make the orders sought by the Plaintiff.

Conclusion

34 For the foregoing reasons, I dismiss the Plaintiff’s application. However,
given the fact that this application was necessitated by the Defendant’s
unreasonable refusal to execute the Transfer Instrument in defiance of the
Malaysian Court Order, I make no order as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Aug 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

