Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mycitydeal Ltd (trading as Groupon UK) and others _v_ Villas International
Property Pte Ltd and others  
[2014] SGHC 81

Case Number| :| Suit No 281 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 77 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Navinder Singh (Navin & Co LLP) for the plaintiffs;
Nazirah K Din and Rasanathan s/o Sothynathan (Colin Ng & Partners LLP) for the
defendants  
Parties| :|  Mycitydeal Ltd (trading as Groupon UK) and others — Villas
International Property Pte Ltd and others  
  
21 April 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal against the assistant registrar’s decision to dismiss the
plaintiffs’ application for security for costs, in the sum of $100,000,
against the defendants.

2 In Summons No 812 of 2014, the plaintiffs applied for security for costs
against the defendants, by virtue of s 388 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed) and Order 23 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). They
seemed to proceed on both s 388 and O 23, presumably in the alternative. On 26
February 2014, before the assistant registrar, Ms Una Khng (“AR Khng”),
counsel for the plaintiffs clarified that the security for costs application
was against only the first defendant. AR Khng dismissed the plaintiffs’
application, and fixed costs at $2,200, to be paid by the plaintiffs to the
defendants. The plaintiffs appealed to this court, seeking that AR Khng’s
decision be wholly reversed, and that the plaintiffs be granted security for
costs pursuant to their application in Summons No 812 of 2014.

3 The plaintiffs in this case are Groupon entities in various parts of the
world. Groupon is a deal-of-the-day website that connects merchants and
consumers by offering goods and services at discounted prices. The consumers
usually purchase “coupons” through the respective website of each plaintiff,
and subsequently redeem them from the merchants. The defendants are one of the
merchants that deal with the plaintiffs. The third and fourth defendants are
the shareholders and directors of the first defendant. They are in the
business of promoting vacation packages in Thailand and Indonesia.

4 The first and second defendants entered into agreements with various
properties in Thailand and Indonesia to promote vacation packages. They
subsequently approached the plaintiffs to promote and sell these vacation
packages online. The mechanism of the arrangement is as follows:

(a) first, the consumer purchases a coupon for a vacation package via one of
the plaintiffs’ websites;

(b) second, the respective plaintiff sends an e-mail to the consumer,
attaching a copy of the coupon as evidence of the consumer’s purchase;

(c) third, the consumer then contacts the defendants directly to book his or
her vacation package, by citing a code that is contained in the coupon
received via e-mail; and

(d) fourth, once the consumer’s booking has been confirmed, the coupon is
deemed to have been validly redeemed. The defendants would then log in to the
corresponding plaintiff’s “Partner Portal” to input details of the coupons
redeemed. At this point, pursuant to the agreement entered into between each
of the plaintiffs and the defendants, the corresponding plaintiff will be
required to make payment to the defendant within seven to ten working days.

5 Parties first appeared before the High Court as a result of the plaintiffs’
suit against the defendants. The plaintiffs filed their writ of summons on 5
April 2012. One of their allegations was that the defendants had breached
their agreement with each of the plaintiffs, as evinced by several customers
having failed to secure their vacation packages through the defendants (the
plaintiffs alleged 1998 coupons were sold, of which 743 were refunded). They
also alleged conspiracy and fraud on the part of the defendants. The
plaintiffs subsequently applied for, and were granted (on 10 April 2012), a
mareva injunction against the defendants, which prohibited the latter from
disposing of assets up to the value of $2,000,000. This injunction was
discharged on 20 May 2013. On 21 June 2012, the defendants filed their
defence. They amended it on 24 October 2012 and included a counterclaim, in
which the first defendant argued the various plaintiffs owed it a total sum of
$290,552.86 (which was the amount due after the defendants had input details
of the coupons redeemed on each of the plaintiffs’ “Partner Portal”).

6 On 14 March 2013, assistant registrar Teo Guan Kee (“AR Teo”) allowed the
defendants’ application for security for costs against the plaintiffs, for the
amount of $50,000. The plaintiffs were to furnish the security within 14 days.
On 22 May 2013, parties appeared before senior assistant registrar Cornie Ng
Teng Teng (“AR Ng”). At that point, the plaintiffs had yet to furnish the
security. AR Ng mentioned she was inclined to strike out the matter, at which
point the plaintiffs requested two weeks to furnish the security. AR Ng
ordered that unless the security was furnished by 5 June 2013 at 4pm, the
plaintiffs’ statement of claim would be struck out and the plaintiffs’ action
would be dismissed.

7 The plaintiffs’ claim was eventually struck out as they had failed to
furnish the security by 5 June 2013. On the plaintiffs’ account, both in their
written and oral submissions, this was a “commercial decision”, as they “did
not believe the [defendants] would be able to pay them substantive costs if
they were to succeed due to the [defendants’] lack of assets”. As such, the
only issue that remained was the defendants’ counterclaim. The trial of this
matter has been scheduled for 25 to 27 June 2014.

8 I return now to 26 February 2014. Parties appeared before AR Khng. The
plaintiffs, in a bizarre turn of events, sought security for costs from the
first defendant. The main arguments raised by the plaintiffs were:

(a) that the first defendant was no longer a going concern (which was not
contested by counsel for the defendants); and

(b) that the first defendant was not operating at its registered address.

9 The first defendant, in reply, argued that security should not have been
ordered as:

(a) the application for security was taken out very late by the plaintiffs (a
point raised by AR Khng as well); and

(b) the plaintiffs’ failure to pay the sum owing to the defendants (which was
the subject of the counterclaim) was the very reason for the first defendant’s
cash flow problems (this was disputed by the plaintiffs before AR Khng, and
before me as well).

10 The plaintiffs’ case was that security should have been ordered because the
first defendant would not be able to satisfy costs should the plaintiffs
succeed in defending the counterclaim. The first defendant’s case was that it
was inequitable to order them to furnish security, especially given the
plaintiffs’ conduct throughout the suit. AR Khng held in favour of the first
defendant, and the plaintiffs appealed.

11 Before me, the arguments from either side were largely the same as those
presented below. I repeat AR Khng’s concerns, and find that there are three
key issues before this court, namely:

(a) the delay;

(b) the conduct of the plaintiffs throughout these proceedings; and

(c) the first defendant’s financial situation.

12 The law concerning security for costs requires that the respective
condition under one of the four limbs of Order 23 r 1(1), or in s 388(1), must
first be satisfied. If this condition is satisfied, the court can then
exercise its discretion, having regard to all the circumstances of the case,
to determine if the application for security should be allowed (See _Creative
Elegance (M) Sdn Bhd v Puay Kim Seng and another_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 112 (“
_Creative Elegance_ ”) at [13]). Much of this case concerned the exercise of
the court’s discretion, as it was generally not disputed that the pre-
condition, whether in O 23 r 1(1)(_b_), (_c_), or s 388(1), has been
satisfied. I now return to the three issues relating to the exercise of this
court’s discretion.

13 First, as AR Khng noted, the plaintiffs could have applied for security
earlier, and that their delay can be a factor taken into account when the
court exercises its discretion to grant security for costs (see _Tjong Very
Sumito and others v Chang Sing En and others_ [2011] 4 SLR 580 at [61]).
Discovery had already been completed in early 2013. Directions for the
exchange of affidavits of evidence in chief (“AEICs”) were given on 28
November 2013, and the AEICs were supposed to have been exchanged on 7
February 2014. The plaintiffs wrote to the defendants only on 24 January 2014,
two weeks before the deadline for exchange of AEICs, to request security for
costs. At this point, the bulk of costs for the proceedings would have already
been incurred. Counsel for the plaintiffs lamented the difficulty in
communicating with each individual plaintiff, given geographical constraints
and time differences, and cited this as a reason for their late application. I
am not convinced by this reason. The plaintiffs also relied on _L &M Concrete
Specialists Pte Ltd v United Eng Contractors Pte Ltd_ [2001] SGHC 280 for the
proposition (at [9] – [10]) that the “court had to take all the circumstances
into account in deciding how its discretion was to be exercised”. The
plaintiffs expanded on this to argue that their delay alone should not
necessitate the dismissal of their application (or appeal). I agree with the
proposition cited, but find it is no answer to the question of the plaintiffs’
delay. Further, the plaintiffs’ attempt to draw the court to the other
circumstances of the case, as I will elaborate below, is to their detriment.

14 Second, the conduct of the plaintiffs throughout this suit has been
peculiar – they were the ones who commenced the action, and then sought and
obtained one of the nuclear weapons of litigation in the words of Donaldson
LJ, namely, the mareva injunction against the defendants (see _Bank Mellat v
Nikpour_ [1985] FSR 87 at 90 – 92, and finally, having failed to furnish
security to the defendants they had their claim struck out. Now they are
seeking security from the first defendant, and defending against its
counterclaim. The plaintiffs urged this court to look at the purpose of s 388
of the Companies Act, which, they argued, supported their application for
security. They contended that the purpose of providing security was to protect
defendants against unsatisfied costs orders should they succeed at trial
against impecunious plaintiff corporations (in this case, the roles are
reversed as it is a counterclaim). I agree that this is part of the purpose
behind s 388. The other part, as encapsulated in the word “may” in s 388(1),
involves allowing impecunious plaintiff corporations (or in this case, the
first defendant), the right of access to court. The court should balance the
right to have cost orders satisfied against the equity of a plaintiff pursing
its claim (see _Frantonios Marine Services Pte Ltd and other v Kay Swee Tuan_
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 224 (“ _Frantonios_ ”) at [54]). Notably, the availability of
costs under s 388 has been observed to help “deter interested parties from
trying their luck by fielding unmeritorious or dubious claims using the
impecunious corporation as a shield which may then leave the defendant who
ultimately emerges victorious with unpaid costs” (_Frantonios_ at [54]). This
case could not be further from that hypothetical. It was the plaintiffs who
started this suit, and, as pointed out by counsel for the first defendant,
they have not raised any significant change in circumstances of the first
defendant over the course of the proceedings to show that security is now
warranted in their favour.

15 Third, and related to the second point, an order for security may stymie
the first defendant’s counterclaim. It is undisputed between parties that the
first defendant is facing financial difficulties. The plaintiffs rely on the
first defendant’s financial situation in mounting their appeal. While I agree
that the first defendant’s impecuniosity is a relevant factor to take into
account, not to mention grounds upon which s 388 may be invoked, the court
must also consider the first defendant’s legitimate concerns, namely whether
allowing an order for security would stymie the first defendant’s claim (see
_Creative Elegance_ at [31] – [34]). The first defendant’s counsel argued
that, on the whole, the plaintiffs’ conduct was indeed calculated to stymie
the first defendant’s counterclaim (based on their late application for
security). In reply, the plaintiffs argued that “whether the plaintiffs were
trying to stymie the [defendants’ counterclaim] has to be viewed in light of
the merits of the [defendants’ counterclaim] and the strength of the
[plaintiffs’ defence]”. In an interlocutory application such as this, the
court should not conduct a detailed examination on the merits. An examination
of each party’s pleaded case, however, was sufficient to show that the first
defendant’s counterclaim is not without merit. More importantly, based on the
history of proceedings thus far – notably the conduct of the plaintiffs – as
well as the first defendant’s financial situation, I am of the view that an
order for security would indeed stymie the first defendant’s counterclaim.

16 For these reasons, I agree with AR Khng that security for costs should not
be awarded to the plaintiffs. The appeal is dismissed. Costs here and below
will be costs in the cause.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

