Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Comptroller of Income Tax _v_ AQQ and another appeal  
[2014] SGCA 15

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals No 7 and 8 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Liu Hern Kuan, Joanna Yap Hui Min, Pang Mei Yu (Inland
Revenue Authority of Singapore (Law Division)) for the appellant in Civil
Appeal No 7 of 2013 and the respondent in Civil Appeal No 8 of 2013; Davinder
Singh SC, Ong Sim Ho, Ong Ken Loon, Joanne Khoo Puay Pin, Darianne Lee (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 8 of 2013 and the respondent
in Civil Appeal No 7 of 2013.  
Parties| :|  Comptroller of Income Tax — AQQ  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 1 SLR 1361.]

26 February 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 These are two cross appeals against the decision of the High Court judge
(“the Judge”) in _AQQ v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2013] 1 SLR 1361 (“the
Judgment”), where he held that a financing arrangement that was entered into
in conjunction with a corporate restructuring scheme amounted to tax avoidance
within the meaning of s 33(1) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”). However, the Judge also held that the Comptroller of Income Tax
(“the Comptroller”) had not acted reasonably and fairly in exercising his
powers under s 33(1) to counteract the tax advantage that had thereby been
obtained. Civil Appeal No 7 of 2013 (“CA 7/2013”) is the Comptroller’s appeal
against the Judge’s holding that he had not acted reasonably and fairly in
exercising his powers under s 33(1); Civil Appeal No 8 of 2013 (“CA 8/2013”)
is the taxpayer’s appeal against the Judge’s holding that the financing
arrangement amounted to a tax avoidance arrangement within the meaning of s
33(1) of the Act.

Background facts

2 The background facts are set out in considerable detail in the Judgment and
we adopt them for the purpose of these appeals. We only highlight some
material facts that are germane to the legal issues before us.

3 The taxpayer is AQQ, a Singapore incorporated company that is a wholly owned
subsidiary of [B] Bhd (“B Group”), a company listed on Bursa Malaysia. Prior
to 2003, B Group held its interests in various companies, namely, [C] Sdn Bhd
(“C”), [D] (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“D”), [E] (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“E”), [F]
Enterprise Pte Ltd (“F”) and [G] Shipping Pte Ltd (“G”), in the following
manner:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

The Corporate Restructuring

4 In 2002, changes were announced to the Singapore tax regime. These included
the introduction of group tax relief and a move from the imputation system
under s 44 of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2001 Rev Ed) to a single tier
corporate tax system with effect from 1 January 2003: see the then Deputy
Prime Minister Mr Lee Hsien Loong’s Annual Budget Statement, _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (3 May 2002) vol 74 at cols 698–701.

5 Sometime in or about April 2003, the Board of Directors of B Group approved
a proposed group restructuring of its Singapore operations (“the Corporate
Restructuring”). The Corporate Restructuring involved the following
steps:[note: 1]

(a) the incorporation of AQQ with a paid up share capital of two ordinary
shares of $1 each;

(b) the acquisition of the shares of AQQ by B Group on 31 July 2003;

(c) the disposal and transfer of C’s 50% interest in E, F and G to AQQ for
cash consideration of $75m on 18 August 2003;

(d) the disposal and transfer of D’s 50% interest in E, F and G to AQQ for
cash consideration of $75m on 18 August 2003; and,

(e) The disposal and transfer of B’s Group’s 100% interest in D to AQQ for
cash consideration of $75m on 18 August 2003.

6 The result of the Corporate Restructuring was a streamlined corporate
structure with D, E, F and G (“the Subsidiaries”) organised according to the
various business lines of the group, namely, cement, readymix concrete,
shipping and trading, under the umbrella of a single holding company (_ie_ ,
AQQ):

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

The Financing Arrangement

7 Although this was in essence an internal corporate restructuring, AQQ’s
acquisition of the equity interests in the Subsidiaries was to be effected at
a total cost of $225m, which was to be financed through the issuance of $225m
of fixed rate notes at an interest rate of 8.85% per annum with a tenure of
ten years (“the Fixed Rate Notes”) to [N] Bank (“N Bank”) acting through its
Singapore branch (“N Bank Singapore”) on 18 August 2003.

8 The following transactions were subsequently effected on the same day:[note:
2]

(a) N Bank Singapore detached the interest component (“the Interest Coupons”)
from the Fixed Rate Notes and sold $205m of the principal component of the
Fixed Rate Notes (“the Principal Notes”) to [N] Bank (Mauritius) Limited (“N
Bank Mauritius”) for cash consideration of $205m. N Bank Singapore agreed to
pay N Bank Mauritius a sum equivalent to interest of 8.845%, or 0.005% less
than what it was to receive from AQQ under the Interest Coupons, conditional
upon N Bank Singapore receiving such payment from AQQ (“the Conditional
Return”).

(b) N Bank Singapore agreed to deliver the remaining $20m of Principal Notes
to N Bank Mauritius at a later date for cash consideration of $20m.

(c) N Bank Mauritius sold to C the $205m of Principal Notes which it purchased
from N Bank Singapore, also for cash consideration of $205m. N Bank Mauritius
agreed to pay C a sum equivalent to interest of 8.840%, or 0.005% less than
what it was to receive from N Bank Singapore (see sub-paragraph (a) above),
conditional upon N Bank Singapore receiving payment from AQQ under the
Conditional Return.

(d) N Bank Mauritius agreed to deliver the remaining $20m of the Principal
Notes (that it would receive from N Bank Singapore) to C at a later date for
cash consideration of $20m.

(e) B Group granted an interest free intercompany loan of $75m to C.

(f) AQQ transferred $150m to E – the designated collection agent for the B
Group and C – as payment for its acquisition of (i) the B Group’s 100%
interest in D and (ii) C’s 50% interests in E, F, and G.

(g) AQQ transferred $75m to D as payment for its acquisition of D’s 50%
interests in E, F, and G.

(h) E (on behalf of C) transferred $150m to N Bank Mauritius as payment for
the Principal Notes.

(i) D granted an interest free intercompany loan of $75m to C using the
proceeds that it had received from AQQ for the sale of its 50% interests in E,
F and G.

(j) D (on behalf of C) transferred $55m (_ie_ , a portion of the intercompany
loan referred to in the preceding sub-paragraph) to N Bank Mauritius as
payment for the Principal Notes.

(k) D (on behalf of C) placed $20m (_ie_ , the balance of the intercompany
loan referred to in sub-paragraph (i)) in an investment deposit with N Bank
Singapore.

9 The flow of funds is diagrammatically represented below:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

10 On or around 18 November 2003, a second set of transactions took
place:[note: 3]

(a) D withdrew its $20m investment deposit with N Bank Singapore and
transferred $20m to E, as collection agent for C (_ie_ , the balance of the
intercompany loan that D had granted to C).

(b) N Bank Singapore delivered the balance of the $20m of Principal Notes to N
Bank Mauritius for cash consideration of $20m.

(c) N Bank Mauritius delivered the balance of the $20m of Principal Notes to C
for cash consideration of $20m from E (on behalf of C).

11 The financing structure detailed above is hereafter referred to as the
Financing Arrangement. The end result of these arrangements was that AQQ
obtained $225m from N Bank and the entirety of this sum was effectively
returned to N Bank on the same day, albeit following a circuitous route.

The section 44 accounts

12 The corporate taxation regime prior to 2003 under ss 44 and 46 of the Act
as it then stood was known as the imputation scheme. Under this scheme,
corporate profits would be taxed first at the corporate level. A sum
equivalent to the amount of tax paid would then be credited to an account
maintained by the company known as “the s 44 account”. When dividends were
issued, the company could issue dividends with a tax credit attached
reflecting the sum of tax that had previously been paid by the company on its
profits. The tax credited to the shareholder in this manner would then be
debited from the s 44 account balance. The overall effect of this scheme was
that the dividend income would only be subject to tax once, but such that
although it was paid up front by the company, it would ultimately be taxed at
the marginal tax rate of the shareholder. Where there was a difference between
the marginal rates applicable to the company’s profits and the shareholder’s
income, the shareholder would be entitled to receive a net tax refund if the
tax credits attached to the dividends exceeded the tax imposed on the
shareholder in respect of those dividends.

13 After the move to a single tier corporate taxation regime was announced,
companies with unutilised balances in their s 44 accounts were given a five
year transitional period from 1 January 2003 to 31 December 2007 to remain on
the imputation system before transitioning to the single tier corporate
taxation regime. This was provided for under s 44A of the Act. The s 44
accounts were thereafter renamed the s 44A accounts, but for clarity, we refer
in this judgment to these accounts without differentiation as “the s 44
accounts”.

14 As at 31 December 2002, the residual balances in the s 44 accounts and the
accumulated profits of the Subsidiaries were:[note: 4]

Subsidiary |  Section 44 account balance |  Accumulated profits  
---|---|---  
D |  $17,916,948.66 |  $40,000.00  
E |  $7,354,359.65 |  $16,456,824.00  
F |  $1,952,523.91 |  $1,044,536.00  
G |  $1,391,292.12 |  $165,920.00  
  
  

The tax assessments

15 AQQ paid interest of 8.85% per annum on the Interest Coupons to N Bank
Singapore on a biannual basis, totalling $79,650,000 from 2004 to 2007. There
was no allegation that these interest payments had not in fact been made. But
as will be apparent from the transactions described at [8] and [10] above, as
a result of the Interest Coupons being detached and the Principal Notes being
sold on by N Bank Singapore to N Bank Mauritius and then to C, N Bank
Singapore and N Bank Mauritius _in fact_ each retained a spread of only 0.005%
or a sum of $3982.50. The rest of the interest payments were paid on to C.

16 AQQ submitted the following tax returns for the years of assessment (“YA”)
2004 to 2007 reflecting the dividend income it received from the Subsidiaries
as well as the interest payments it made to N Bank Singapore:[note: 5]

(a) for YA 2004, dividend income of $12,329,315 less interest expenses of
$7,419,452;

(b) for YA 2005, dividend income of $30,952,630 less interest expenses of
$19,852,015;

(c) for YA 2006, dividend income of $19,970,000 less interest expenses of
$19,912,500; and

(d) for YA 2007, dividend income of $19,922,000 less interest expenses of
$19,912,500.

17 Under the imputation scheme, a shareholder of a company would be entitled
to s 44 tax credits that were equivalent to the 22% (for YA 2004) or 20% (for
YA 2005 to 2007) tax that had been paid by the company on its profits. Based
on the tax returns above, AQQ would have been entitled to a total of
$16,881,375 in tax credits for the dividends issued by the Subsidiaries
pursuant to ss 44A and 46 of the Act. AQQ’s total chargeable income – less the
claimed interest expenses of $67,096,467 and other statutory and
administrative expenses – was $16,036,060. The total tax payable by AQQ on the
dividend income from the Subsidiaries at the corporate taxation rates would be
$3,305,253.84. On the basis of the available tax credits, AQQ contended that
it was entitled to a total tax refund of $13,576,121.16 (that is, $16,881,375
less $3,305,253.84) on the dividends. A table of AQQ’s tax returns and the
claimed tax refunds is annexed to this judgment at Annex A.

18 The Comptroller issued Notices of Assessment for YA 2004, 2005 and 2006
(“the Original Assessments”) respectively which took into account the dividend
income and interest expenses above (see [16]). The total sum of s 44 tax
credits that AQQ was entitled to for these three years in respect of the
dividends was $12,896,975, while the total amount of income tax due from AQQ
for the corresponding period was $3,307,158.16. Tax refunds amounting to
$9,589,816.84 were made to AQQ.[note: 6]

19 Subsequently, in July 2007, the Comptroller conducted an audit of AQQ.
Following this, the Comptroller decided to invoke s 33 of the Act to disregard
the tax effects of all the transactions undertaken. The Comptroller issued
Notices of Additional Assessments dated 7 April 2008 to AQQ for YA 2004 to
2006 (“the Additional Assessments”), which assessed AQQ to an overall tax
liability of $9,592,577.76.[note: 7]. This sum was calculated by disregarding
all the dividend income and interest expenses, and assessing AQQ to tax only
on its income from other sources less statutory and administrative expenses.
This amounted to a sum of $2,760.92 for this period. The overall tax liability
was derived from the sum total of this liability and the tax refunds that had
previously been made to AQQ under the Original Assessments as follows:

|  YA 2004 |  YA 2005 |  YA 2006  
---|---|---|---  
_Revised Assessment_ |  |  |   
Interest income from other sources |  5,189.00 |  6,337.00 |  26,607.00  
Less: Expenses |  (4.00) |  (3.00) |  (15.00)  
Less: Tax exempt amount |  (3,889.00) |  (4,751.00) |  (15,796.00)  
Net income |  1,296.00 |  1,583.00 |  10,796.00  
**Tax payable** |  285.12 |  316.60 |  2,159.20  
_Original Assessment_ |  |  |   
Tax refunds previously paid |  1,633,703.64 |  3,973,490.60 |  3,982,622.60  
**Overall tax liability in the Additional Assessments** |  1,633,988.76 |  3,973,807.20 |  3,984,781.80  
  
  

20 Similarly, the Comptroller invoked s 33 to disregard all dividend income
and interest expenses in the returns that AQQ had filed for YA 2007. On that
basis, AQQ’s net income for YA 2007 was $57,829.00 and its tax liability for
that year was assessed at $11,565.80.[note: 8]

21 AQQ objected to the Additional Assessments and the Notice of Assessment for
YA 2007, which the Comptroller declined to revise. AQQ filed an appeal to the
Income Tax Board of Review (“the Board”).

22 The Board upheld the assessment of the Comptroller. It found that the
Financing Arrangement had the purpose or effect of tax avoidance within the
meaning of s 33(1) of the Act, and that it had been structured in a contrived
and artificial manner in order to obtain tax refunds through the utilisation
of s 44 tax credits. The Board also found that on an objective view, there was
no commercial justification for the Financing Arrangement, and that neither s
14 (which entitled a taxpayer to claim a deduction on interest expenses) nor
the s 44 imputation system had been intended to be used in the manner that AQQ
had. The contention that the Additional Assessments were _ultra vires_ and
void under s 74(1) of the Act was also rejected.

23 AQQ then filed an appeal to the High Court pursuant to s 81(2) of the Act.

The decision below

24 The Judge examined the structure of s 33 (see [33] below) and concluded
that under s 33(1), the court first had to satisfy itself that the arrangement
had the purpose or effect listed in any one of the three limbs in s 33(1). It
was only if the arrangement was caught by s 33(1) that the court would proceed
to consider whether the statutory exception contained in s 33(3)(_b_) applied
(at [64] of the Judgment). The Board had erred by probing into whether the
arrangement was contrived and artificial – as part of the inquiry under s
33(1) – without first considering whether one of the three limbs of that
section had been implicated (at [65] of the Judgment).

25 The Judge then considered the meaning of the phrase “purpose or effect” in
s 33(1), and concluded that under the “predication principle” applied in the
Australian and New Zealand case law, the purpose or effect of the arrangement
had to be determined objectively, without reference to the motives of the
parties (at [72] and [76] of the Judgment). Applying this test, the Judge held
that the Comptroller had correctly determined that the Financing Arrangement
was caught by s 33(1)(_c_) as the arrangement had the effect of reducing the
amount of chargeable income through deductions of interest expenses arising
from the Financing Arrangement (at [86] of the Judgment), and further, also
had the effect of avoiding another liability that C would otherwise have been
subject to, _ie_ , the liability to bear withholding tax for the interest
payments that it had in substance received from AQQ (at [90]–[91] of the
Judgment).

26 Next, the Judge construed the statutory exception in s 33(3)(_b_) as
importing a subjective test for both limbs – it had to be shown that the
arrangement was carried out for _bona fide_ commercial reasons and did not
have as one of its main purposes the avoidance or reduction of tax (at [105]
of the Judgment). After considering the evidence, the Judge found that
although the Board had interpreted s 33(3)(_b_) as imposing an objective test,
it had nevertheless been justified in reaching the conclusion that the
Financing Arrangement did not fall within the statutory exception in s
33(3)(_b_). In particular, the Judge found that the commercial reasons
advanced by counsel on behalf of AQQ related only to the Corporate
Restructuring and not to the Financing Arrangement (at [111] of the Judgment)
and that the oral evidence given by the Chief Financial Officer of the B Group
indicated in no uncertain terms that the main objective of the Financing
Arrangement was to extract tax credits (at [115] and [119] of the Judgment).
The Judge also considered that there were many other questionable features of
the Financing Arrangement that could have led to the reasonable conclusion
that the arrangement was not carried out for _bona fide_ commercial reasons
and had as one of its main purposes the reduction or avoidance of tax (at
[125] of the Judgment).

27 With respect to AQQ’s contention that the operation of s 33 could be
overridden by giving effect to the specific provisions of the Act, the Judge
observed that this argument was essentially premised on the proper
relationship between s 33 and other specific provisions of the Act that
conferred tax benefits (at [144] of the Judgment). The Australian courts had
dealt with this issue by developing the “choice principle”; the New Zealand
courts had developed the “scheme and purpose approach” to resolve this
conundrum. After a survey of the relevant jurisprudence (at [146]–[154] of the
Judgment), the Judge expressed a preference as between the two for the New
Zealand approach but concluded that neither approach should apply in Singapore
(at [155]–[156] of the Judgment). The statutory exception in s 33(3)(_b_)
sufficed to strike the proper balance and it was consistent with Parliament’s
intention that neither approach should be adopted (at [157]–[158] of the
Judgment).

28 Although the requirements for the Comptroller to invoke s 33 were
satisfied, the Judge nevertheless proceeded to hold that the Comptroller had
not exercised his powers under s 33(1) fairly and reasonably by choosing to
disregard both the dividend income and interest expenses under the Additional
Assessments and the Notice of Assessment for YA 2007. The power under s 33(1)
only enabled the Comptroller to disregard the impugned arrangement and the
Comptroller’s real objection was to the artificial generation of interest
expenses (at [165]–[166] of the Judgment). Accordingly, the proper approach
ought to have been to disregard only the interest payments attributable to
that portion of the loans amounting to $150m that were not in substance real
loans to AQQ (at [168]–[170] of the Judgment). The Comptroller should not have
disregarded the interest payments attributable to the $75m loan (on monies
which belonged to C) that C in substance had extended to AQQ by buying the
Fixed Rate Notes from AQQ and receiving the corresponding interest payments
from AQQ through the chain of conditional payment arrangements between N Bank
Singapore, N Bank Mauritius and C (at [170] of the Judgment). The Judge also
observed that the Comptroller ought to have required AQQ to account to it for
the withholding tax on the interest for the $75m that eventually flowed to C
(at [172] of the Judgment).

29 Finally, the Judge also held that the Comptroller did not in any event have
power to issue the Additional Assessments under s 74(1) of the Act as the
power to issue Additional Assessments under s 74(1) only applied if the
taxpayer had been assessed at an amount _less_ than that which ought to have
been charged (at [178]–[179] of the Judgment). The Additional Assessments had
been issued to recover the shortfall in the amount previously assessed but
here, the Additional Assessments had in fact assessed tax at an amount _less_
than the Original Assessments (at [178] of the Judgment).

30 The final result was therefore a purely symbolic victory for the
Comptroller and in substance a victory for AQQ. Although the Judge found that
the Financing Arrangement was a tax avoidance arrangement within the meaning
of s 33, the Comptroller was not able to recover the tax refunds that had been
paid as he had failed to exercise his powers under s 33(1) appropriately to
counteract the tax advantage.

Issues before this court

31 Each party appealed against all those findings of the Judge that went
against it. CA 7/2013 raises procedural issues relating to the exercise of the
Comptroller’s powers under s 33(1) to counteract the tax advantage obtained by
the taxpayer and the power under s 74(1) to issue additional assessments that
attempt to claw back tax refunds to which AQQ was found not to be entitled to
after the arrangement was found to be a tax avoidance arrangement. CA 8/2013
concerns the substantive issue of whether s 33 was properly engaged in this
case.

32 There are five broad issues arising in these appeals and by reference to
which this judgment is organised:

(a) whether any of the threshold limbs in s 33(1) was satisfied on the facts
of this case;

(b) whether AQQ could rely on the exception in s 33(3)(_b_);

(c) if s 33(1) was _prima facie_ engaged, whether AQQ could nevertheless rely
on any specific provisions of the Act to preclude the operation of s 33;

(d) whether the Comptroller had exercised his powers under s 33(1) fairly and
reasonably to counteract the tax advantage obtained; and

(e) whether the Comptroller had acted _ultra vires_ s 74(1) by issuing the
Additional Assessments.

Issue I: Were the threshold limbs of s 33(1) of the Act satisfied?

Legislative history of s 33

33 The key provision in issue is s 33 of Act, which is drafted in seemingly
straightforward terms:

**Comptroller may disregard certain transactions and dispositions**

**33**.—(1) Where the Comptroller is satisfied that the purpose or effect of
any arrangement is directly or indirectly —

(_a_) to alter the incidence of any tax which is payable by or which would
otherwise have been payable by any person;

(_b_) to relieve any person from any liability to pay tax or to make a return
under this Act; or

(_c_) to reduce or avoid any liability imposed or which would otherwise have
been imposed on any person by this Act,

the Comptroller may, without prejudice to such validity as it may have in any
other respect or for any other purpose, disregard or vary the arrangement and
make such adjustments as he considers appropriate, including the computation
or recomputation of gains or profits, or the imposition of liability to tax,
so as to counteract any tax advantage obtained or obtainable by that person
from or under that arrangement.

(2) In this section, “arrangement” means any scheme, trust, grant, covenant,
agreement, disposition, transaction and includes all steps by which it is
carried into effect.

(3) This section shall not apply to —

(_a_) any arrangement made or entered into before29th January 1988; or

(_b_) any arrangement carried out for bona fide commercial reasons and had not
as one of its main purposes the avoidance or reduction of tax.

34 The present s 33 was enacted in 1988 by the Income Tax (Amendment) Bill (No
22 of 1987) (“the Bill”) and was intended to represent a substantial departure
from the previous s 33 (“the old s 33”) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 1985
Rev Ed), which stated as follows:

**Comptroller may disregard certain transactions and dispositions**

**33**.—(1) Where the Comptroller is of the opinion that any transaction which
reduces or would reduce the amount of tax payable by any person is artificial
or fictitious or that any disposition is not in fact given effect to, he may
disregard any such transaction or disposition and the persons concerned shall
be assessable accordingly.

(2) In this section, ‘disposition’ includes any trust, grant, covenant,
agreement or arrangement.

35 The old s 33 re-enacted s 29 of the Income Tax Ordinance 1947 (Ordinance 39
of 1947) (“the 1947 Ordinance”), which was based on s 22B of the Model
Colonial Territories Income Tax Ordinance 1922 (“the 1922 Model Ordinance”)
(see the _Report of the Inter-Departmental Committee on Income Tax in the
Colonies not Possessing Responsible Government_ (Cmd 1788, December 1922) at
Appendix I). Many British colonies had, at some point in time, a similar
general tax-avoidance provision (see, for example, s 61 of the Hong Kong
Inland Revenue Ordinance (Cap 112) (HK) (“the Hong Kong Ordinance”), which has
been supplemented by a broader general anti-avoidance provision in s 61A).

36 During the Second Reading for the Bill, the then Minister for Finance, Dr
Richard Hu Tsu Tau (“Dr Hu”), explained that it was necessary to amend s 33 in
order to meet the need for a more effective general anti-avoidance provision
to deal with increasingly sophisticated tax avoidance schemes (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (13 January 1988) vol 50 at cols
358–359):

… The need to strengthen section 33 stems from the fact that tax avoidance
schemes are getting increasingly complex and are becoming "tailor-made" to
suit specific clients, thereby adding to this difficulty in identifying them.
The existing section 33 is grossly inadequate to deal with these schemes. Most
countries have taken steps to strengthen their legislation to combat tax
avoidance. Even Hong Kong has far wider provisions than our proposed
amendment.

In assessing whether a particular scheme would fall under the ambit of section
33, the Inland Revenue Department would, among other things, look for the
presence of artificiality, the interposing of various intermediaries or
transactions to reduce or avoid tax and transfer pricing. _It should be
stressed that the aim is to reduce blatant or contrived tax avoidance
arrangements and is not intended to affect normal commercial transactions. I
would also like to clarify that companies and individuals granted tax
exemptions and concessions under specific incentive schemes would not be
affected by the new section 33. They will continue to enjoy the tax
concessions._

…

I would like to reiterate that the sole objective of the amendment is to curb
the proliferation of blatant tax avoidance schemes in Singapore and _is not
intended to affect normal commercial transactions_.

[emphasis added]

37 Responding to concerns raised by other Members of the House that the scope
of s 33 was too uncertain and potentially over inclusive, Dr Hu also clarified
that the judicial interpretations of similarly worded general anti-avoidance
provisions in other jurisdictions could be relied on for the purpose of
construing s 33 (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (13
January 1988) vol 50 at cols 365–366):

I think we have in the process of drafting this legislation studied the anti-
avoidance provisions of a number of countries before we finalized our draft,
including countries such as Hong Kong, Australia and New Zealand.

…

_Furthermore, there are adequate safeguards provided under the amendment which
are to be found in the judicial interpretations of legislations having similar
wordings such as in New Zealand and Australia, for there is a considerable
body of case law on which we can rely for the purpose of construing the
proposed section 33._ One of the principles which has emerged is that the
_provision will not apply to bona fide transactions even if these result in
tax savings where such savings are incidental to the transactions._ On the
other hand, the provisions will apply to transactions where payment of tax is
avoided through deliberate and artificial tax avoidance arrangements.

[emphasis added]

38 A comparison of s 33 with anti-avoidance provisions in other jurisdictions
suggests that s 33 was inspired by s 260 of the Commonwealth of Australia
Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Cth) (Aust) (“the Australian Act”) – which was
replaced by Part IVA of the Australian Act for all arrangements entered into
after 27 May 1981 – and also by s 99 of the New Zealand Income Tax Act 1976
(NZ) (“the 1976 New Zealand Act”), re-enacted in materially similar form in BG
1 and GA 1 of the New Zealand Income Tax Act 2007 (NZ) (“the 2007 New Zealand
Act”): see generally, Tan Wee Liang, “Tax Avoidance and Section 33 of the
Income Tax Act” (1989) 31 Mal LR 78 (“ _Tan Wee Liang_ ”) and John H Telfer,
“General Anti-Tax Avoidance Provisions: The Singapore Position and
Australasian Comparisons” (1990) 32 Mal LR 20. The statutory exception in s
33(2) also bears more than a passing resemblance to s 28 of the United Kingdom
Finance Act 1960 (c 44) (UK) (“the Finance Act 1960”).

39 As noted above, it had been envisaged at the outset by Parliament that s 33
would not be construed literally, and that the courts could derive guidance
from judicial considerations of similarly worded provisions in other
jurisdictions. The construction of s 33 has not, however, been considered
locally in the more than 20 years since its enactment, and this is the first
time it has arisen before this court.

The interpretation of s 33(1)

40 The Comptroller’s powers to disregard or vary an _arrangement_ under s
33(1) are triggered where the _purpose or effect_ of the arrangement is to:

(a) alter the incidence of tax;

(b) relieve a liability to pay tax; or,

(c) reduce or avoid any liability imposed or would have otherwise been
imposed.

41 The Comptroller contended before the Judge that both the Corporate
Restructuring and Financing Arrangement satisfied all three limbs and
maintained the same position before us. The Judge found that limb (c) was
satisfied, but reserved his view on the applicability of limbs (a) and (b).

An arrangement

42 Under s 33(2), the word arrangement “ _means_ any scheme, trust, grant,
covenant, agreement, disposition, transaction and _includes_ all steps by
which it is carried into effect” [emphasis added]. Both parties took issue
with the Judge’s demarcation between the Corporate Restructuring and Financing
Arrangement, which led him to treat them as discrete arrangements both for the
purposes of considering (i) the applicability of the statutory exception in s
33(3)(_b_) and (ii) how the Comptroller’s powers under s 33(1) should have
been exercised to counteract the tax advantage.

43 The definition of an arrangement in s 33(2) is in similar terms to that
found in s 99(1) of the 1976 New Zealand Act. It is a composite term that
_means_ the overarching scheme, agreement or transaction and _includes_ the
component steps that carry into an effect an arrangement. Thus, a tax
avoidance arrangement may constitute a combination of steps that may be
individually unobjectionable: see the decision of the Supreme Court of New
Zealand in _Ben Nevis Forestry Ventures Ltd v Commissioner of Inland Revenue_
[2009] 2 NZLR 289 (“ _Ben Nevis_ ”) at [105], addressing the definition of
“arrangement” in YA 1 of the 2007 New Zealand Act. In the Privy Council
decision of _Peterson v Commissioner of Inland Revenue_ [2006] 3 NZLR 433 (“
_Peterson_ ”), Lord Millett, delivering the judgment for the majority of the
Board, observed at [33]:

Their Lordships consider that the Commissioner is entitled at his option to
identify the whole or any part or parts of a single composite scheme as the
"contract, agreement, plan or understanding" which constitutes the
"arrangement" for the purpose of section 99. Whether there was a single
"arrangement" or two or more connected but distinct "arrangements" (as there
were in _Commissioner of Inland Revenue v BNZ Investments Ltd_ [2002] 1 NZLR
450) is a question of fact for the [Commissioner]. …

44 The Comptroller had chosen – before the Board, the High Court and indeed
before us – to particularise the impugned arrangement as the composite scheme
that comprised both the Corporate Restructuring and Financing Arrangement. It
was on this basis that the Comptroller sought to apply the purpose and effect
test in s 33(1). In our judgment he was entitled to do this and we accept that
the composite scheme falls within the definition of “arrangement” in s 33(2).
Our ensuing analysis will proceed on this broad premise, with references to
the term “Financing Arrangement” used generally where the tax avoidance
element can be found in the relevant component steps.

Purpose or effect

45 AQQ and the Comptroller both agreed with the interpretation that the Judge
attached to the phrase “purpose or effect” (at [71]–[76] of the Judgment).
Applying the “predication principle” that emerges from Lord Denning’s judgment
in _Lauri Joseph Newton and others v Commissioner of Taxation of the
Commonwealth of Australia_ [1958] 1 AC 450 (“ _Newton_ ”), the words are to be
construed conjunctively so as to refer to the _objectively ascertained effect_
of the arrangement in question. In _Newton_ , Lord Denning explained the like
phrase found in s 260 of the Income Tax and Social Services Contribution
Assessment Act 1936-1951 (Cth) (Aust) then in force in the following terms (at
465–466):

They show that the section is not concerned with the motives of individuals.
It is not concerned with their desire to avoid tax, but only with the means
which they employ to do it. It affects every "contract, agreement or
arrangement" (which their Lordships will henceforward refer to compendiously
as "arrangement") which has the purpose or effect of avoiding tax. _In
applying the section you must, by the very words of it, look at the
arrangement itself and see which is its effect - which it does - irrespective
of the motives of the persons who made it._ …

_In order to bring the arrangement within the section you must be able to
predicate - by looking at the overt acts by which it was implemented - that it
was implemented in that particular way so as to avoid tax. If you cannot so
predicate, but have to acknowledge that the transactions are capable of
explanation by reference to ordinary business or family dealing, without
necessarily being labelled as a means to avoid tax, then the arrangement does
not come within the section._

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added]

46 Read as a whole, the “predication principle” is thus concerned with the
characterisation of the objective ends of an arrangement, that is, whether it
may be predicated from the observable acts by which an arrangement is
implemented that it was implemented in that way so as to achieve the ends
stated in any of the limbs in s 33(1).

47 As articulated by Lord Denning, an arrangement would not be predicated as a
tax avoidance arrangement if the arrangement is capable of explanation “by
reference to ordinary business or family dealing, without necessarily being
labelled as a means to avoid tax” (see _Newton_ at 466). In _Owen Thomas
Mangin v Inland Revenue Commissioner_ [1971] 1 AC 739 (“ _Mangin_ ”), which
involved s 108 of the Land and Income Tax Act 1954 (NZ) (“the 1954 New Zealand
Act”), the predecessor to s 99 of the 1976 New Zealand Act, the majority of
the Privy Council referred to the passage of Lord Denning’s judgment cited
above (at [45]) and stated (at 751D–G) that:

… this passage, properly interpreted, does not mean that every transaction
having as one of its ingredients some tax saving feature thereby becomes
caught by a section such as section 108. If a bona fide business transaction
can be carried through in two ways, one involving less liability to tax than
the other, their Lordships do not think section 108 can properly be invoked to
declare the transaction wholly or partly void merely because the way involving
less tax is chosen. … _The clue to Lord Denning's meaning lies in the words
"without necessarily being labelled as a means to avoid tax."_ … _Their
Lordships think that what this phrase refers to is, to adopt the language of
Turner J. in the present case_ ,

_"a scheme … devised for the sole purpose, or at least the principal purpose_
, of bringing it about that this taxpayer should escape liability on tax for a
substantial part of the income which, without it, he would have derived."

[emphasis added]

48 The exclusion of certain types of arrangements from the ambit of s 33(1),
such as ordinary business or family dealings that do not have as their sole or
principal purpose the avoidance of liability to tax, appears to have been one
of the principles emerging from the judicial interpretations that Dr Hu
referred to during the Parliamentary debates (cited above at [37]) which was
codified in modified form in s 33(3)(_b_): see _Tan Wee Liang_ at p 96. We
consider this statutory exception in greater detail below.

To reduce or avoid any liability imposed or would have otherwise been imposed

49 Counsel for AQQ, Mr Davinder Singh _SC_ (“Mr Singh”) submitted that none of
the threshold limbs under s 33(1) was satisfied because there was no relevant
tax liability imposed by the Act that was or would have been avoided or
reduced by the Corporate Restructuring; as tax for the dividends had been
deducted at source, AQQ was never, at any point, liable to pay tax on the
dividend income. The scheme was merely designed to extract tax credits. Mr
Singh relied on two decisions of the High Court of Australia namely, _Rowdell
Pty Ltd v The Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia_
(1963) 111 CLR 106 (“ _Rowdell_ ”) and _Patcorp Investments Limited v The
Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia_ (1976) 140 CLR 247
(“ _Patcorp_ ”) in support of the proposition that s 33 was engaged only where
the relevant tax liability had arisen or would have arisen prior to the
arrangement sought to be impugned. Framed in terms of statutory
interpretation, Mr Singh’s argument was that the phrase “liability imposed”
refers to any amount that is actually payable by way of tax after setting off
any applicable tax credits from the assessed sum of tax. Counsel for the
Comptroller, Mr Liu Hern Kuan (“Mr Liu”), submitted that a tax liability under
s 10(1)(_d_) of the Act had been imposed when the dividend income was paid to
AQQ, and that the arrangement entered into had reduced or avoided a liability
that otherwise would have been imposed had the interest expenses not been
incurred.

50 While Mr Singh’s argument – that one cannot speak of avoidance without
liability – has a superficial intuitive appeal, we do not accept its
fundamental premise which turns on the legal nature and characterisation of
the tax position that avails in relation to dividends that are paid to a
shareholder after tax on those dividends has been paid by the company and an
equivalent sum of tax credits is attached to the issued dividends.

51 We first observe that s 33(1)(_c_) includes both tax liability that has
been imposed and liability which “would otherwise have been imposed”. The
insertion of the latter phrase has the effect of pre-empting the argument
raised in _Newton_ that the word “liability” only referred to a pre-existing
liability that had actually accrued: see _Tan Wee Liang_ at 93. In _Newton_ ,
Lord Denning said at 464:

… Their Lordships cannot accept this submission. They are clearly of opinion
that the word "avoid" is used in its ordinary sense - in the sense in which a
person is said to avoid something which is about to happen to him. He takes
steps to get out of the way of it. It is this meaning of "avoid" which gives
the clue to the meaning of "liability imposed." _To "avoid a liability
imposed" on you means to take steps to get out of the reach of a liability
which is about to fall on you._

[emphasis added]

52 The words “ _would otherwise_ have been imposed” [emphasis added] postulate
a hypothetical liability that was about to fall on the taxpayer which the
interpolation of the arrangement had the purpose or effect of reducing or
avoiding: see Tang Siau Yan, “Tax Avoidance” in ch 45 of _The Law and Practice
of Singapore Income Tax_ (Pok Soy Yoong _et al_ ed) (2nd Ed, LexisNexis, 2013)
at para 45.88.

53 In our judgment, it is evident that there was a relevant tax liability that
would have been imposed on AQQ had the Financing Arrangement not been entered
into. Mr Singh’s argument elides the _factual_ setting in relation to the
payments of tax that had been made with the quite separate matter of the
_legal_ position of the taxpayer. This argument rests, in effect, upon the
court reading into s 33(1)(_c_) the word “net” before the phrase “liability
imposed” and the words “and payable” immediately thereafter.

54 The plain meaning of the words “ _any_ liability _imposed_ by this Act”
[emphasis added] refers to legal liability to tax, that is, a liability that
results from the application of any specific provision or combination of
provisions of the Act. Mr Singh’s argument, on the other hand, presupposes
that s 33 of the Act is concerned only with the question of whether as a
matter of fact, tax that was or would be factually payable by AQQ over and
above any set-off arising from the s 44 tax credits had been reduced or
avoided. There is no basis, from the words of the statute, to conclude that
this was the intended scope of s 33. As a matter of policy and logic, we
accept the general proposition that only an existing legal liability that has
or would have accrued but for the arrangement can be said to have been
avoided. However, it does not follow that a taxpayer who may not, as a matter
of fact, have an obligation to make any further payment of tax because a
payment in advance has already been made on that portion of chargeable income,
cannot be said to have avoided or reduced his _legal liability_ to tax. The
former is a matter of fact and accounting; the latter is a matter of legal
liability.

55 We are satisfied that neither _Rowdell_ nor _Patcorp_ is of any assistance
to AQQ in the light of this analysis. Both _Rowdell_ and _Patcorp_ involved
companies that were in the business of dealing in stocks, shares and
securities. These companies purchased shares in other private companies which
had ceased to trade but had undistributed profits. Dividends were declared out
of the profits of these private companies and their shares were either (i)
bought at a price lower than the net asset value of the private companies
before they were stripped of profits and resold thereafter (as in _Rowdell_)
or (ii) subsequently sold at a price lower than the original purchase price by
pre-arrangement (as in _Patcorp_). The first mentioned companies then claimed
to be entitled to certain rebates or exemptions under various specific
provisions of the Australian Act. In _Rowdell_ , the Commissioner of Taxation
sought to invoke s 260 of the Australian Act to characterise the dividends
received by the companies not as dividends but as profits, which did not
qualify for various exceptions and rebates provided for under ss 44(2), 46 and
107 of the Australian Act. The court unanimously held that s 260 did not
apply, and Kitto J observed that (at 125):

… no more need be said than that _tax-avoidance on the part of Rowdell was
clearly not within either the purpose or effect of the transactions._ No doubt
among the considerations which led Rowdell to enter into the transactions was
the consideration that its tax liability resulting from the transactions would
be reduced by the application of ss. 44(2), 46 and 107 (or whichever of them
should apply in the circumstances); _but it is impossible to point to any tax
liability which Rowdell would have incurred if the arrangement had never been
made and for the avoidance of which the arrangement was a concerted means_.

[emphasis added]

56 _Patcorp_ involved a similar fact situation in which the companies sought
to rely on ss 46 and 51 of the Australian Act to claim rebates for the
dividends and to deduct losses on resale respectively. The majority of the
High Court (Gibbs, Stephen and Jacobs JJ, McTiernan J expressing no opinion)
held that s 260 was of no application. Gibbs J cited with approval the passage
of Kitto J in _Rowdell_ that we have quoted in the previous paragraph and his
reasoning in this regard merits citing at some length (at 299-300):

… A taxpayer who is entitled to a rebate in respect of dividends does not, by
arranging to receive the dividends, avoid any liability imposed on him by the
Act. In _Europa Oil (N.Z.) Ltd. v. Inland Revenue Commissioner_ , Lord
Diplock, speaking of the New Zealand section which corresponds to s. 260,
said:

**"Any liability of the taxpayer to pay income tax must be found elsewhere in
the Act. There must be some identifiable income of the taxpayer which would
have been liable to be taxed if none of the contracts, agreements or
arrangements avoided by the section had been made."**

**Those remarks apply equally to s. 260. … s.260 did not prevent the appellant
companies from arranging their affairs so that the income that they received
would include dividends subject to a rebate. Nor does s. 260 enable the
Commissioner to treat the expenditure on the purchase of the shares as if it
had never been made. … Whether the whole of any of these transactions, or
part, be examined it is not possible to find an arrangement whose purpose was
to avoid tax. The purpose was to buy, and later resell, shares the dividends
from which would be rebatable. It may rightly be said of the present case, as
I said in the very different circumstances of** **_Federal Commissioner of
Taxation v. Casuarina Pty. Ltd._** **, that "no liability to tax imposed by
the Act on the company is avoided for whatever tax is appropriate to its
situation remains payable."**

[emphasis added in bold]

57 There are hints in this passage of the choice principle (which we turn to
below), but for present purposes, it is sufficient to note that Gibbs J was of
the view that it could not be said that the purpose or effect of the
arrangement in that case was to avoid tax just because the arrangement had
been entered into precisely in order to take advantage of the rebates
conferred by s 46 of the Australian Act. This reasoning does not support a
general proposition of law that there is no relevant tax _liability_ that can
be avoided or reduced under a general anti-avoidance provision because a
taxpayer would as a matter of fact not have to _pay_ tax on dividend income
following the set-off of a tax credit. Both these cases in fact stand for the
narrow proposition that on the facts presented, the purchasers of shares (the
dividends of which carried certain rebates) could not be said to have entered
into a transaction to purchase shares for the purpose or effect of reducing
their tax liability in circumstances where their tax liability only arose as a
result of that very purchase and where they were entitled to the rebates under
specific provisions of the Australian Act. The real point of the decisions was
that there was no tax liability that was otherwise avoided by virtue of the
arrangements; indeed, any tax liability only arose because of those
arrangements.

58 The facts of _Rowdell_ or _Patcorp_ are also distinguishable from those in
the present appeals. The Comptroller is not arguing that AQQ is not entitled
to the benefit of the s 44 tax credits; rather, his position is that the
separate generation of interest expenses to obtain deductions from otherwise
chargeable income is impermissible under s 33. Both cases would only be of
assistance to AQQ to the extent that it could be said that there would have
been no liability for tax on the dividend income whether or not the Financing
Arrangement had taken place. But this is plainly not the case.

59 Mr Singh also put his case another way, contending that it was an
impossibility to avoid a liability that did not ultimately exist once the set-
off of the tax credits was taken into account. Under s 10(1)(_d_) of the Act,
income tax is payable in respect of “dividends, interests or discounts”. Mr
Singh contended that when s 10(1)(_d_) is read together with ss 44, 44A and 46
in relation to a shareholder, the overall effect is that there would be no
liability to pay tax by operation of law. The tax would be deemed to have been
paid by the company on behalf of the shareholder under the imputation system.
Section 46 of the Act, as it then stood, stated as follows:

**Tax deducted from dividends, interests, etc.**

**46**.—(1) Any tax —

(_a_) which a person has deducted or is entitled to deduct from any dividend
under section 44 …

…

shall, when the income from which the tax has been deducted … _is included in
the chargeable income of any person, be set-off for the purpose of collection
against the tax charged on that chargeable income_.

…

[emphasis added]

60 We accept that the _effect_ of the operation of s 46 would be that no
further payment of money might be required to be made over and above the set-
off of s 44 tax credits (representing tax that had already been deducted at
source from the dividend income). But this is because the tax liability of the
taxpayer would have been met by this set-off against the s 44 tax credits. As
a matter of legal liability, we agree with the Judge’s conclusion (at [86] of
the Judgment) that the dividends received by AQQ clearly constituted income
chargeable to tax under s 10(1)(_d_). It is implicit in s 46(1) that the
dividend income is still regarded as “chargeable income” for the purposes of
assessing the amount of tax liability. Section 46(1) states that the set-off
for the purpose of collection will take place only when the income from which
the tax has been deducted “is included in the _chargeable_ income” [emphasis
added] of any person. It follows that what is ultimately at issue in s 46(1)
is the tax payable by the shareholder on the dividend income that it stands to
receive. This only arises after dividend income is included in the
shareholder’s chargeable income and tax is charged on that income.

61 The fact that an advance deduction in respect of the shareholder’s
anticipated tax liability would already have been made at the corporate level
does not displace this. Tax at the prevailing rate is levied on the entirety
of the shareholder’s chargeable income, but as a matter of _collection_ , this
is then subject to set-off against the sum of s 44 tax credits relating to the
dividend income. A legal liability to tax crystallises at the time that the
shareholder receives dividend income that constitutes chargeable income, even
if as a matter of fact, payment of tax in respect of this liability is then
subsequently set off under s 46. The question is whether AQQ was trying to
avoid this liability; and as a matter of law, there was nothing conceptually
impossible with this.

Whether the purpose of effect of the arrangement was to reduce or avoid
liability that was imposed or would have been imposed under the Act

62 Following from our analysis above, we agree with the Judge’s finding that s
33(1)(_c_) was satisfied on the facts. We have found that the words “liability
imposed” in s 33(1) refer to legal liability to tax under any provision of the
Act, and not whether there is in fact an obligation to pay more tax after the
liability has been set off by a corresponding tax credit.

63 Mr Liu submitted that the Comptroller’s position was that the generation of
interest expenses under the Financing Arrangement had reduced AQQ’s tax
liability for the dividend income. Section 14(1)(_a_)(i) allows, for the
purpose of ascertaining the income of any person chargeable with tax under the
Act, the deduction of all outgoings and expenses incurred, including sums
payable by way of interest. We agree with the Comptroller, and find that on an
objective evaluation of the totality of the Corporate Restructuring and
Financing Agreement, AQQ’s deduction of interest expenses under s
14(1)(_a_)(i) of the Act to reduce the total amount of chargeable income under
s 10(1)(_d_) had the objective purpose or effect of reducing a liability which
would otherwise have been imposed by the Act, _ie_ , the tax chargeable on the
full sum of dividend income. In the words of Lord Denning in _Newton_ , it is
possible to “predicate” from the overt mechanism of the Financing Arrangement
that it was implemented in that particular manner so as to reduce AQQ’s
liability for tax on the dividend income.

64 Mr Singh argued that s 33 was not intended to apply to a scheme that had
the object of extracting tax credits in the s 44 accounts of the Subsidiaries
as opposed to reducing a specific tax liability. But the effect of the
generation of interest expenses was to reduce AQQ’s tax liability in relation
to the dividends it received from the Subsidiaries. By causing the tax payable
on the dividend income to be reduced, this in turn resulted in a refund being
made to AQQ after setting-off the s 44 tax credits; this was indeed the entire
object of the arrangement. The fact that AQQ was entitled, as a shareholder
receiving dividends from the Subsidiaries, to draw on the credits reflected in
the s 44 account balances during the five-year transitional period is not the
issue. The real question we are concerned with is the propriety of the
incurrence of the interest expenses and whether those expenses had reduced the
tax liability of AQQ imposed under s 10(1)(_d_) of the Act. As we think that
the interest expenses were not properly incurred and did have the effect of
reducing AQQ’s tax liability, s 33(1)(_c_) is clearly engaged.

65 We also note the Judge’s finding (at [88]–[91] of the Judgment) that
withholding tax on the part of C, a non-resident company, had been reduced or
avoided as a result of the Financing Arrangement that involved the
interposition of N Bank Singapore and N Bank Mauritius. The Judge thought that
AQQ would have been obliged, under s 45(1) of the Act, to withhold a
percentage of the interest payable to C at the prevailing rate of tax and pay
to the Comptroller the amount deducted. This argument was not advanced by
either party before the Board or the High Court. Before us, Mr Liu also
conceded that the Comptroller was not proceeding against C and was not
entitled under s 33(1) to counteract the tax advantage obtained by C by acting
against AQQ. It is not necessary for us in the circumstances, to say anything
more on this.

66 In summary, we find that the arrangement fell within the ambit of s
33(1)(_c_). It is therefore not necessary for us to further consider ss
33(1)(_a_) or 33(1)(_b_).

Issue II: Was AQQ entitled to avail itself of the exception under s 33(3)(_b_)
of the Act?

67 Section 33(1) does not apply to an arrangement that falls within the ambit
of s 33(3)(_b_). Section 33(3)(_b_) (referred to by the Judge as a “statutory
exception”) contains two cumulative limbs. To fall under this exception, the
arrangement:

(a) must have been carried out for _bona fide_ commercial reasons; and

(b) must not have had as one of its main purposes the avoidance or reduction
of tax.

68 Before us, both parties accepted that the Judge correctly construed the
statutory exception as importing two subjective elements (at [105] of the
Judgment) and they only diverged on the application of s 33(3)(_b_) to the
facts. However, in the light of its importance, we add our views on the scope
of this provision.

The interpretation of s 33(3)(b)

69 The Judge compared s 33(3)(_b_) with s 28 of the Finance Act 1960, and
relied on Lord Pearce’s interpretation of s 28(1) in _Inland Revenue
Commissioners v Brebner_ [1967] 2 AC 18 (“ _Brebner_ ”). The relevant portions
of s 28(1) state:

**28**.-(1) Where-

(_a_) in any such circumstances as are mentioned in the next following
subsection, and

(_b_) in consequence of a transaction in securities or of the combined effect
of two or more such transactions,

a person is in a position to obtain, or has obtained, a tax advantage, then
unless he shows that the transaction or transactions _were carried out either
for bona fide commercial reasons_ or in the ordinary course of making or
managing investments, _and that none of them had as their main object, or one
of their main objects, to enable tax advantages to be obtained_ , this section
shall apply to him in respect of that transaction or those transactions …

[emphasis added]

Lord Pearce held in _Brebner_ (at 27C–D) that the word “object” in s 28(1)
referred to “a subjective matter of intention”.

70 Although the word “object” rather than “purpose” was used in s 28(1) of the
Finance Act 1960, the Judge concluded that s 33(3)(_b_) of the Act should be
likewise interpreted as requiring an inquiry into the subjective reasons of
the taxpayer for carrying out the arrangement and the subjective intentions of
the taxpayer in determining whether the arrangement had as one of its main
purposes the avoidance or reduction of tax (at [105] of the Judgment).

71 We agree with the Judge that the phrase “ _bona fide_ commercial reasons”
necessitates a subjective inquiry. The concept of _bona fides_ or good faith
is subjective, and the word “reasons” in common parlance concern motives or
justifications, which are again infused with a subjective quality. However, we
also note that to construe the word “purpose” as referring to the taxpayer’s
subjective intentions in s 33(3)(_b_) might at first blush seem to contradict
the objective sense given to the words “purpose or effect” under s 33(1): see
_Tan Wee Liang_ at 96. Read in its context, the exception in s 33(3)(_b_)
applies to any arrangement that does not have “as one of _its_ main purposes
the avoidance or reduction of tax” [emphasis added]. Seen in this way, the
purpose may be referable to the arrangement, _ie_ , _its_ external purpose as
objectively discerned, and not to the taxpayer, _ie_ , _his_ subjective
motivations for instituting the arrangement.

72 The New Zealand courts have adopted an objective reading of similar words
in s 99(2)(_b_) of the New Zealand Act, which states that an arrangement shall
be void as against the Commissioner of Inland Revenue in the following
circumstances:

… [w]here it has 2 or more purposes or effects, _one of its purposes or
effects (not being a merely incidental purpose or effect) is tax avoidance_ ,
whether or not any other or others of its purposes or effects relate to, or
are referable to, ordinary business or family dealings …

[emphasis added]

Thus, in _Challenge Corporation Ltd v Commissioner of Inland Revenue_ [1986] 2
NZLR 513 (“ _Challenge (CA)_ ”), Woodhouse P stated (at 533) that whether or
not a tax saving purpose was incidental was to be decided objectively by
reference to the arrangement and not subjectively in terms of motive.

73 Section 99(2)(_b_) of the New Zealand Act makes reference to “purpose or
effect”, instead of “purpose” in isolation, and the need for consistency with
the _Newton_ objective approach would appear more compelling than might be the
case with s 33(3)(_b_). Further, the enactment of s 99 of the 1976 New Zealand
Act to replace s 108 of the 1954 New Zealand Act was for the intended purpose
of reading down the apparently broad width of _Newton_ as a result of which an
arrangement would be _excluded_ from the scope of the anti-avoidance provision
if the arrangement could additionally be explained by non-tax related
purposes: see _Ben Nevis_ at [81] (though s 99 as drafted also indirectly
retained an exception for merely incidental tax effects). In contrast, s
33(3)(_b_) of the Act is expressed as an exception to the general definition
of tax avoidance arrangements that engage s 33(1), and was included in s 33 as
one of the “safeguards … to be found in the judicial interpretations of
legislations having similar wordings” (see [37] above).

74 In our judgment, the Judge’s reading of “purpose” – as being concerned with
the taxpayer’s subjective intentions of the end to be achieved in carrying out
the transaction – is more consistent with the overall tenor and intention
underlying s 33(3)(_b_), which seeks to narrow the _prima facie_ overly
inclusive scope of s 33(1) that could conceivably catch _any_ arrangement that
has an objectively ascertainable purpose of reducing or avoiding tax. The
first limb of s 33(3)(_b_) is therefore concerned with the taxpayer’s
subjective commercial motives for entering into a transaction, and the second
limb is concerned with the subjective consequences that the taxpayer wishes to
obtain. Similarly structured transactions may thus be taxed differently
depending on whether the taxpayer had set out to create a result whereby his
tax liability was avoided or reduced. This is to be seen in the context of the
fact that s 33(3)(_b_) only comes into play where the taxpayer is found to
have derived a tax advantage on the basis of one or more of the limbs of s
33(1). In that situation, the question then becomes whether the taxpayer is
able to take himself out of the operation of s 33(1) by showing that even if
objectively it is predicated that he had acted in order to obtain a tax
advantage, subjectively, this was not what he had set out to do and that he
was acting with _bona fide_ commercial reasons.

The application of s 33(3)(b)

75 We turn to consider the Judge’s application of s 33(3)(_b_) to the facts.

76 Mr Singh submitted that the Judge’s conclusion that AQQ could not
demonstrate any _bona fide_ commercial reason for the arrangement was due to
the Judge’s erroneous approach in considering the Financing Arrangement in
isolation from the Corporate Restructuring. Mr Singh also contended that the
Judge erred in his appreciation of particular aspects of the arrangement and
further argued that the Judge ought not to have inferred, from the fact that
the Financing Arrangement was entered into with the aim of carrying out the
Corporate Restructuring in a tax efficient manner, that its main purpose was
therefore the avoidance or reduction of tax.

77 Mr Liu on the other hand argued that even if the Corporate Restructuring
and Financing Arrangement were viewed together, the entirety of the
arrangement had not been carried out for _bona fide_ commercial reasons as the
Corporate Restructuring involved the purchase of the Subsidiaries by AQQ at
inflated prices to enable D in particular – which had the largest s 44 balance
but only $40,000 in accumulated profits (see above at [14]) – to generate
large amounts of undistributed profits for distribution as dividends. Mr Liu
also took the position that the Financing Arrangement was commercially
unjustifiable and involved a circuitous flow of funds with no real loan being
made in substance by N Bank Singapore to AQQ. In relation to the Judge’s
finding that tax avoidance or reduction had been one of the main purposes of
the Financing Arrangement, Mr Liu submitted that the Judge had carefully
considered all aspects of the arrangement and had placed appropriate emphasis
on discerning the relevant subjective intentions of AQQ from the available
evidence.

78 Both the Comptroller and AQQ agreed that the arrangement should be analysed
as a composite scheme. As the Comptroller has chosen to characterise the
relevant arrangement as comprising both the Corporate Restructuring and
Financing Arrangement, we similarly do not consider that it is realistic or
helpful to adopt a narrower analytical framework that divorces the Corporate
Restructuring from the modes and methods of financing obtained to carry out
the scheme.

79 The Comptroller did not impugn the acknowledged commercial reasons and
business considerations of the B Group in planning the Corporate
Restructuring. The Chief Financial Officer of the B Group (“the Chief
Financial Officer”) gave evidence before the Board that the original structure
of the B Group in Singapore was cumbersome and unwieldy and that the Corporate
Restructuring was intended to create a simplified structure such that each
subsidiary would be organised along separate lines of business.[note: 9] He
further averred that the original structure of the Singapore operations did
not entitle the B Group to participate in the group tax relief scheme that
came into effect on 1 January 2003 (see [4] above) as 50% of the shareholding
in the Subsidiaries was then held by C, a company incorporated in Malaysia.
There was therefore a need to restructure the shareholdings of the
Subsidiaries under a single holding company (_ie_ , AQQ) in order to qualify
for group tax relief.[note: 10] The Corporate Restructuring was also part of a
larger ongoing process of reorganising the entire corporate structure of the B
Group.[note: 11] None of this was disputed, and the Judge acknowledged that
there was nothing in itself wrong with the restructuring (at [111] of the
Judgment). The Judge nevertheless considered that the _bona fide_ commercial
reasons for the Corporate Restructuring should not be conflated with those for
the Financing Arrangement, and concluded that there were no such independent
_bona fide_ commercial reasons for the Financing Arrangement. In particular,
the Judge found that AQQ had grossly overpaid for its interests in the
Subsidiaries (at [129] of the Judgment) and questioned how the 8.85% interest
rate for the Fixed Rate Notes had been arrived at (at [134] of the Judgment).

80 The _bona fide_ commercial reasons for a particular step in the arrangement
should ordinarily be construed within the context of the entire economic and
commercial reality of the arrangement. The Financing Arrangement followed from
the Corporate Restructuring as part of an integrated and concerted
arrangement, and on a broad pragmatic view of the facts, it might not have
been possible for us, on the evidence that was on the record, to come to a
conclusion as to whether the purchase price of the Subsidiaries was inflated
or whether the interest rate payable on the Fixed Rate Notes was a commercial
rate, and to ascertain whether there were _bona fide_ commercial reasons for
the entire arrangement under the first limb of s 33(3)(_b_). But in the final
analysis this is not material in this case.

81 That is because in relation to the second limb of s 33(3)(_b_), we were
satisfied that the Corporate Restructuring and Financing Arrangement were not
commercial transactions under which any tax avoidance or reduction was merely
incidental by reference to AQQ’s real object. To the contrary, it is clear to
us that AQQ’s express intention was to obtain a tax benefit in the form of a
reduction of its tax liability so as to secure the release of the tax credits
in the s 44 accounts of the Subsidiaries. In our judgment, both the Corporate
Restructuring and Financing Arrangement were conceived as a single integrated
whole; and while we might be willing to accept that there were genuine _bona
fide_ commercial reasons for the arrangement, we are satisfied that the Judge
correctly concluded that one of the main subjective purposes, or ends to be
achieved by the arrangement, was to reduce AQQ’s liability to tax for the
dividend income it received from the Subsidiaries.

82 We do not accept Mr Singh’s argument that the Judge had failed to apply the
subjective test in his assessment of the evidence before him. Subjective
intentions of course might not always be readily apparent, and the Board or
Judge may ascertain this by reference to evidence or testimony of the
taxpayer’s actual contemporaneous state of mind and assess the veracity of
this by drawing the requisite inferences from the surrounding objective
evidence or features of the arrangement. It is clear that it was at the
forefront of the Judge’s mind that the Board’s assessment of the facts had
been made from an objective perspective (at [108] of the Judgment), and the
Judge took this into account when evaluating the evidence before the Board. We
therefore do not see any reason to find that the Judge erred in finding that
one of the main subjective purposes of the arrangement was to reduce or avoid
a liability to tax.

83 We note that the Chief Financial Officer had admitted during cross-
examination before the Board in fairly unequivocal terms that apart from the
objectives of simplifying the corporate structure and claiming group tax
relief, the B Group’s decision to implement the Corporate Restructuring
through the Financing Arrangement was influenced by the additional object of
recovering the “tax assets” in the Subsidiaries. Contrary to Mr Singh’s
submission that the Judge had taken this evidence out of context, we are
satisfied that the portions of the Chief Financial Officer’s testimony cited
in the Judgment at [114] and [117] were an accurate reflection of the Chief
Financial Officer’s consistent position in respect of the tax related
objectives of the arrangement, and evinced the B Group’s subjective purpose
and object of recovering the tax assets by deducting the interest expenses
incurred on the Fixed Rate Notes against the dividend income received by AQQ.

84 In our view, the recovery of tax assets may well have been just one of the
key objectives, but it was nevertheless a main purpose in that it involved a
conscious and elaborate plan to procure a particular and defined method of
reducing AQQ’s tax liability rather than being an incidental tax advantage
that accrued as an ancillary benefit. The critical chronology that Mr Singh
directed our attention towards – that the Financing Arrangement was only
subsequently decided upon when the method of implementing the Corporate
Restructuring was discussed and considered with N Bank Singapore – does not
change the analysis or undermine the Board’s or Judge’s interpretation in
relation to what the Chief Financial Officer had expressly stated in his oral
testimony. There is nothing in s 33(3)(_b_) that suggests that a subsequent
objective to obtain a net tax refund by reducing chargeable income does not
constitute a main purpose when it was in fact a critical and free-standing
objective in deciding on the mode of financing for the Corporate
Restructuring.

85 We also do not agree with Mr Singh that the Judge could not fairly discern
the B Group’s or AQQ’s intentions from the discussion paper prepared by N Bank
Singapore titled “[B Group] – Fixed Rate Notes Financing Structure” (“the
Discussion Paper”). The Financing Arrangement that was eventually put in place
replicated the proposal in the Discussion Paper, and it does not advance AQQ’s
case much further to argue that N Bank Singapore’s perspectives on the “tax
savings” cannot be imputed to AQQ or the B Group as they were not involved in
the preparation of the Discussion Paper. The Chief Financial Officer testified
that N Bank Singapore had prepared the Discussion Paper following a discussion
on the B Group’s proposed restructuring plans, and the Chief Financial Officer
also stated that he was aware of the tax implications, including the fact that
AQQ would be claiming interest deductions on the dividend income received from
the Subsidiaries and that the tax liability on the dividends would be reduced
accordingly.[note: 12]

86 Read together with the Chief Financial Officer’s candid admissions that one
objective was to recover tax assets, we consider that the only logical
inference was that the B Group adopted the proposal in the Discussion Paper in
full, and did so in order to achieve the possible tax savings identified in
the Discussion Paper. This is not an impermissible imputation of N Bank
Singapore’s subjective intentions to the B Group, but merely an inference, as
a matter of common sense, of what must have been the B Group’s and thus AQQ’s
subjective purpose in proceeding with the Financing Arrangement.

87 This is not to say that the B Group or AQQ was not entitled to carry out
what was a commercially justifiable Corporate Restructuring by choosing a tax
efficient method. This was a point that Mr Singh pressed upon us repeatedly,
and we have no difficulty in accepting this in principle. However, what Mr
Singh could not explain to us was how the Corporate Restructuring and
Financing Arrangement, viewed as a whole, could be explained otherwise than as
a contrived and concerted scheme to reduce AQQ’s liability to tax on the
dividends. We cannot accept Mr Singh’s characterisation of the involvement of
N Bank Singapore and N Bank Mauritius in the Financing Arrangement as merely
being in the capacities of facilitators or intermediaries or his suggestion
that the $225m paid for the purchase of the Fixed Rate Notes by N Bank
Singapore was a “bridging loan”.

88 Even before the Financing Arrangement was carried out, the B Group had made
a public announcement that the issuance of the Fixed Rate Notes was not
intended to affect the B Group’s consolidated borrowing position[note: 13],
and the Chief Financial Officer stated that it was not a mere coincidence that
the B Group was able to purchase the Fixed Rate Notes on the same day because
the B Group “had the money to buy back [their] own bonds from internal funds
within the [B Group] as there were no suitable investment opportunities in
cement and related industries at that time”.[note: 14] There was therefore in
reality no injection of funds from N Bank Singapore as it was planned right
from the start that no real loan, or even a short-term bridging one, would be
extended to AQQ by an external party.

89 As the Board correctly pointed out, there was no evidence of discussion
within the B Group or AQQ itself as to the issuance of the Fixed Rate Notes or
the re-purchase of these notes by C. Although interest at the rate of 8.85%
per annum was legally payable to N Bank Singapore under the Interest Coupons,
the chain of transactions was structured such that almost the full value of
the interest payments would eventually be transferred to C, a company owned by
the same B Group. The Fixed Rate Notes were sold on twice on the same day,
with N Bank Singapore and N Bank Mauritius bearing at most only a negligible
commercial risk for their purchases of the Fixed Rate Notes (as opposed to the
higher risks that are commonly involved with bridging loans). The round
tripping of AQQ’s full purchase price of the Subsidiaries in a single day and
the artificial interposition of the two external entities crosses the line
between tax efficiency and tax avoidance in the absence of any cogent
explanation for why it was necessary for AQQ to choose this all too
complicated method of transferring funds from one subsidiary of the B Group to
another through the conduit of two entities of N Bank located in two different
countries.

90 The Board and the Judge were justified in reaching the conclusion that one
of the main purposes of the arrangement was that of incurring interest
expenses on the Fixed Rate Notes that were to be deducted from the chargeable
dividend income, and we see no reason to disturb this finding. We thus affirm
the Judge’s conclusion that AQQ’s subjective purpose and object of the
arrangement was to reduce or avoid liability that would otherwise have accrued
on the dividend income. For this reason AQQ was unable to avail itself of the
exception under s 33(3)(_b_).

Issue III: Was AQQ entitled to rely on the specific provisions of the Act to
preclude the application of s 33?

The interaction between s 33 and other specific provisions of the Act

91 The Judge also considered whether the operation of s 33 could be overridden
by certain specific provisions of the Act, _ie_ , ss 10(1)(_d_), 14(1)(_a_),
44, 44A and 46, that were enacted for the purpose of conferring on the
taxpayer the benefit of particular tax advantages. After reviewing the
judicially crafted choice principle in Australia and the scheme and purpose
approach in New Zealand that have both sought to resolve the tension between
the specific provisions of a taxing statute and a general anti-avoidance
provision, the Judge concluded that it was not necessary for the Singapore
courts to select between either approach in developing its jurisprudence on s
33 of the Act (at [155] of the Judgment). The Judge observed that the same
role was performed in Singapore by the statutory exception under s 33(3)(_b_),
and that it was consistent with Parliament’s intention that neither approach
should be adopted (at [156]–[157] of the Judgment).

92 Mr Singh contended that the choice principle should be applicable in
Singapore, and that AQQ should be entitled to obtain the benefits of ss 14,
44, 44A and 46 even if s 33 was engaged on the facts. Mr Liu agreed with the
Judge that the judicially developed principles in Australia and New Zealand
did not apply in the face of an express statutory exception in s 33(3)(_b_),
but submitted in the alternative that if the court considered it necessary to
determine this question, the New Zealand scheme and purpose approach should be
preferred.

93 We disagree with the basic premise of the Judge’s reasoning that it is not
necessary to have regard to or to attempt to resolve the tension between
specific provisions in the Act and a general anti-avoidance provision. As
noted above, the Judge was of the view that the statutory exception in s
33(3)(_b_) represented what the legislature deemed to be the correct balance
between broadening the scope of transactions that could be impugned by the
Comptroller under s 33(1), while protecting taxpayers from legislative
overreach. By implication, this meant that Parliament could not have intended
for either the Australian or New Zealand approach to apply because the
structure and wording of s 33 was considered to be materially different from
the equivalent provisions that applied in Australia and New Zealand (at
[156]–[158] of the Judgment).

94 We do not think that the statutory exception was intended to be the sole
safeguard against the potentially over inclusive reach that would follow from
a literal interpretation of the threshold limbs of s 33(1). Section 33(3)(_b_)
appears to have been a statutory codification of an attenuated form of the
_Newton_ predication test as it later developed in _Europa Oil (NZ) Ltd v
Commissioner of Inland Revenue_ [1976] 1 WLR 464, where Lord Diplock held (at
475) that s 99 did not “strike down transactions which [did] not have as their
main purpose or one of their main purposes tax avoidance”. But this does not
deal with the conceptual conundrum that presents itself when an overarching
general anti-avoidance provision in a taxing statute seems to pull in the
opposite direction from other provisions that appear to exist for the
taxpayer’s benefit: how is the general anti-avoidance provision to be
construed in a manner that is compatible with the other specific provisions of
the statute that appear, on their face, to define the taxpayer’s obligations
and liabilities and entitle a taxpayer to structure his affairs accordingly in
order to reduce his tax liability?

95 Moreover, it appears to us that recourse to the Australian and New Zealand
jurisprudence to develop adequate safeguards through purposive judicial
interpretations was expressly contemplated by Parliament: see Dr Hu’s speech
above at [37]. Dr Hu also appeared to have anticipated the tension that could
potentially arise when a taxpayer is granted tax exemptions and concessions
under specific incentive schemes, and in relation to this, Dr Hu stated that s
33 was not intended to affect the operation of such tax benefits. This
assurance was not, however, expressly addressed in s 33. The foreign
jurisprudence that attempts to chart the boundaries of what constitutes the
permissible use of other taxing provisions thus merits serious consideration.

The Australian choice principle

96 The Australian choice principle has its roots in Lord Tomlinson’s famous
dictum in _The Commissioners of Inland Revenue v The Duke of Westminster_
[1936] AC 1 at 19 that “[e]very man is entitled if he can to order his affairs
so as that the tax attaching under the appropriate Acts is less than it
otherwise would be”. In _W P Keighery Proprietary Limited v Federal Commission
of Taxation_ (1957) 100 CLR 66 (“ _Keighery_ ”), where the choice principle
was enunciated for the first time, Dixon CJ, Kitto and Taylor JJ set out the
following principle in their joint judgment at 92:

Whatever difficulties there may be in interpreting s. 260, one thing at least
is clear: _the section intends only to protect the general provisions of the
Act from frustration, and not to deny to taxpayers any right of choice between
alternatives which the Act itself lays open to them._

[emphasis added]

97 The choice principle was subsequently expanded in a trio of High Court of
Australia cases, _Mullens v Federal Commissioner of Taxation_ (1976) 135 CLR
290 (“ _Mullens_ ”), _Slutzkin v Federal Commissioner of Taxation_ (1977) 140
CLR 314 (“ _Slutzkin_ ”) and _Cridland v Federal Commissioner of Taxation_
(1977) 140 CLR 330 (“ _Cridland_ ”). The high watermark is represented by the
unanimous judgment in _Cridland_ , where Mason J said at 339:

The decision in the _Mullens Case_ and the passages from the judgments to
which I have referred show that the principle which underlies the _Keighery
Case_ is ... not confined to cases in which the Act offers two alternative
bases of taxation; it proceeds on the footing that _the taxpayer is entitled
to create a situation by entry into a transaction which will attract tax
consequences for which the Act makes specific provision and that the validity
of the transaction is not affected by s. 260 merely because the tax
consequences which it attracts are advantageous to the taxpayer and he enters
into the transaction deliberately with a view to gaining that advantage_.

The distinction drawn by Lord Denning in _Newton v. Federal Commissioner of
Taxation_ , between arrangements implemented in a particular way so as to
avoid tax and transactions capable of explanation by reference to ordinary
business or family dealing has not been regarded as the expression of a
universal or exclusive criterion of operation of s. 260. Lord Denning's
observations were applied neither in the _Mullens_ Case nor in the subsequent
case of _Slutzkin v. Federal Commissioner of Taxation_.

98 In other words, if the taxpayer structured his transaction by choosing a
particular legal form to conform to a provision of the Australian Act, s 260
could not apply even if the transaction had been structured in that way
precisely to obtain the benefit of that provision. Effect had to be given to
“the legal form and consequence of the taxpayer’s transaction” (_per_ Barwick
CJ in _Slutzkin_ at 319; also see _Mullens_ at 298). The result of this
liberal application of the choice principle was to dilute s 260 and the
_Newton_ predication principle to a significant degree.

99 The final case in which s 260 was comprehensively considered is _Federal
Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia v Gulland_ (1985)
160 CLR 55, where the application of the choice principle was described as
giving effect to the principle of statutory construction expressed in the
maxim _generalia specialibus non derogant_ (_per_ Gibbs CJ at 67; Brennan J at
77–78). Section 260 of the Australian Act had to be read as a general
provision that could not negate the operation of specific provisions of the
Australian Act; at the same time, s 260 was also not to be relegated to
irrelevance. Therefore, Brennan J considered (at 81) that:

… [t]he choice principle should not be applied when there is no occasion to
invoke the rule generalia specialibus non derogant on which it is founded. If
the choice principle were applied to deny the operation of s. 260 on
arrangements which do not depend on a specific provision of the Act, the
choice principle would annihilate s. 260 itself. The true reconciliation
between the choice principle and the _Newton_ test of purpose is to limit the
former to cases depending upon a specific provision of the Act.

100 The development of the choice principle during the late 1970s, which
substantially constrained the invocation of s 260 by the Commissioner of
Taxation, eventually precipitated the passage of the Income Tax Laws Amendment
Bill (No 2) 1981, which replaced s 260 with Part IVA of the Australian Act for
schemes entered into or carried out after 27 May 1981. Part IVA dispensed with
the previous jurisprudence and applies to any arrangement which, on an
objective view, was entered into or carried out for the sole or dominant
purpose of obtaining a tax benefit. Given that the Australian legislature was
compelled to amend s 260 as the choice principle had emerged as a problematic
and unduly restrictive interpretation of s 260 (see The House of
Representatives of the Parliament of the Commonwealth of Australia,
_Explanatory Memorandum to the Income Tax Laws Amendment Bill (No 2) 1981_ at
pp 1–2), we would consider it anomalous if our Parliament had contemplated in
1988 that the choice principle should apply to straightjacket a new provision
(_ie_ , s 33 of the Act) that was intended to strengthen the ability of the
Comptroller to deal with increasingly complex tax avoidance schemes.

The New Zealand scheme and purpose approach

101 The New Zealand jurisprudence proceeded down a different path. In the New
Zealand Court of Appeal decision in _Challenge (CA)_ , Woodhouse P observed
(at 539) that “the choice principle seems to have had the effect of putting
such wide-ranging limits upon the anti-tax avoidance provisions of the
Australian Act as to virtually stultify it” and that it would be unfortunate
if it had a similar effect on s 99 of the New Zealand Act. Richardson J
propounded the scheme and purpose approach in the following terms at 549
(which was also previously advanced extra-judicially in Sir Ivor Richardson,
“Appellate Court Responsibilities and Tax Avoidance” (1985) 2 Australian Tax
Forum 3 at 8):

Section 99 thus lives in an uneasy compromise with other specific provisions
of the income tax legislation. _In the end the legal answer must turn on an
overall assessment of the respective roles of the particular provision and s
99 under the statute and of the relation between them. That is a matter of
statutory construction and the twin pillars on which the approach to statutes
mandated by s 5(j) of the Acts Interpretation Act 1924 rests are the scheme of
the legislation and the relevant objectives of the legislation._ Consideration
of the scheme of the legislation requires a careful reading in its historical
context of the whole statute, analysing its structure and examining the
relationships between the various provisions and recognising any discernible
themes and patterns and underlying policy considerations.

…

The necessary starting point is that each section has its function under the
statute. … _For the inquiry is as to whether there is room in the statutory
scheme for the application of s 99 in the particular case. If not, that is
because the state of affairs achieved in compliance with the particular
provision relied on by the taxpayer is not tax avoidance in the statutory
sense._ Reading s 99 in this way is to give it its true purpose and effect in
the statutory scheme and so to allow it to serve the purposes of the Act
itself. It is not the function of s 99 to defeat other provisions of the Act
or to achieve a result which is inconsistent with them.

[emphasis added]

On the facts of the case, Richardson J found (at 555) that the tax changes
effected by the relevant arrangement were contemplated by s 191 in the 1976
New Zealand Act relating to the off-setting of group losses, and that the
application of s 99(1) would defeat the legislative purpose underlying this
statutory scheme. The majority (Cooke and Richardson JJ) concluded that the
taxpayer’s use of the specific provision was not tax avoidance under s 99(1).

102 The Privy Council allowed the Commissioner’s appeal in _Commissioner of
Inland Revenue v Challenge Corporation Ltd_ [1987] 1 AC 155 (“ _Challenge
(PC)_ ”). Lord Templeman, delivering the majority opinion of the Board,
rejected the suggestion that formalistic compliance with the conditions in
specific statutory provisions would preclude the operation of s 99 (at
164H–165A) and instead drew a distinction between tax mitigation and tax
avoidance (at 168D–F):

Section 99 does not apply to tax mitigation where the taxpayer obtains a tax
advantage by reducing his income or by incurring expenditure in circumstances
in which the taxing statute affords a reduction in tax liability.

Section 99 does apply to tax avoidance. Income tax is avoided and a tax
advantage is derived from an arrangement when the taxpayer reduces his
liability to tax without involving him in the loss or expenditure which
entitles him to that reduction. The taxpayer engaged in tax avoidance does not
reduce his income or suffer a loss or incur expenditure but nevertheless
obtains a reduction in his liability to tax as if he had.

Lord Templeman made no comment on Richardson J’s approach, although the
distinction between tax mitigation and tax avoidance is conceptually premised
on the notion that there are circumstances where a reduction of tax liability
under the taxing statute is permitted and where the general anti-avoidance
provision would not apply.

103 The last word of the Privy Council on this subject was in _Peterson_ , a
3:2 split decision. The majority (Lord Millett, Baroness Hale and Lord Brown)
allowed the taxpayer’s appeal against the Commissioner. Lord Millett,
delivering the decision of the majority, considered the statutory purpose of
the specific provision allowing for depreciation (the tax benefit that the
taxpayer was relying upon) (at [41]–[42]) and held that the taxpayer had
suffered the loss or incurred the relevant expenditure contemplated by the
depreciation allowance. What had been done thus did not constitute tax
avoidance (at [45]–[46]). The minority (Lord Bingham and Lord Scott) disagreed
that an economic burden had been incurred within the purpose of the statutory
regime to entitle the taxpayers to deduct the amount of depreciation from
assessable income (at [91]), but did not disagree with the majority with
respect to the applicable law and endorsed Richardson J’s approach in
_Challenge (CA)_ (at [61] and [65]).

104 In _Ben Nevis_ , the Supreme Court of New Zealand sought to lay out a
comprehensive statement on how the general anti-avoidance provision should be
applied. The approach adopted by the minority and majority respectively may be
summarised as follows:

(a) The minority, Elias CJ and Anderson J, considered that the specific
statutory provision and general anti-avoidance provision should not be seen as
potentially conflicting but should be purposively and contextually
interpreted. Recourse to the general anti-avoidance provision is not necessary
if the taxpayer’s use of the specific provision, on its proper construction,
falls outside its intended scope as an unauthorised use of the specific
provision (at [2]).

(b) The majority, Tipping, McGrath and Gault JJ, in a slant on this held that
the legislature’s purpose was best served by construing specific tax
provisions and the general anti-avoidance provision to give appropriate effect
to each instead of considering one as overriding the other (at [103]). Where
the taxpayer relies on specific provisions, the taxpayer must satisfy the
court that the use of the specific provision was within its intended scope and
that the use of the provision, viewed in the light of the arrangement as a
whole, has altered the incidence of tax in a way that was within the
contemplation and purpose of the legislature. If it was not, it will be a tax
avoidance arrangement for the purposes of the general anti-avoidance provision
(at [107]). The court is not confined as to the matters which may be taken
into account in deciding whether a tax avoidance arrangement exists, and a
classic indicator is when the taxpayer obtains the benefit of the statutory
provision in an artificial or contrived way (at [108]). The court is also not
limited to purely legal considerations, but may consider whether the impugned
arrangement, viewed in a commercially and economically realistic way, uses the
specific provision in a manner that is consistent with the legislature’s
purpose (at [109]).

Reading s 33 purposively

105 Both the choice principle and scheme and purpose approach draw upon two
canons of statutory interpretation – the former invokes the maxim _generalia
specialibis non derogant_ , while the latter is a facet of purposive statutory
interpretation that seeks to construe the ambit of the general anti-avoidance
provision consistently with other provisions in the Act that confer upon the
taxpayer a tax benefit or an allowable deduction from assessable income.

106 In our judgment, the correct approach in construing s 33 together with
other specific provisions of the Act is the scheme and purpose approach as
adopted by the majority in _Ben Nevis_.

107 The choice principle is not one that can provide practical guidance as to
what circumstances will or will not constitute tax avoidance where the
taxpayer chooses a course of action that leads to the least liability to tax.
As the choice principle developed in cases after _Keighery_ , it was only
necessary for the taxpayer to satisfy the court that the legal form of the
transaction conformed to the requirements of the specific provision, and the
court would not otherwise look at the substance of the transaction that had
been entered into. Specific provisions – regardless of the manner in which
they were used – appeared to take precedence over the general anti-avoidance
provision, and rendered s 260 of the Australian Act virtually toothless. The
choice principle is now obsolete in Australia (see _Federal Commissioner of
Taxation v Spotless Services Ltd_ (1996) 186 CLR 404 for the present
approach), and we do not think that this principle is one that can be imported
into the interpretation of s 33(1).

108 We also agree with the reasoning of the majority in _Ben Nevis_ that a
general anti-avoidance provision should not be read as “overriding” any
specific provision of the Act or _vice versa_ and would respectfully adopt
Richardson J’s approach in _Challenge (CA)_ on the purposive interpretation of
s 33. An arrangement should not be construed as having the purpose and effect
of, for example, reducing or avoiding liability imposed by the Act within the
meaning of s 33(1) if the arrangement results in a tax effect or advantage
that is in fact contemplated by the use of the specific provision in the Act;
there is thus, in a legal sense, no _reduction_ or _avoidance_ of liability
that would otherwise have been imposed by the Act. This would enable s 33 to
be read purposively, as a provision that can be understood within the context
of the Act and in accordance with s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1,
2002 Rev Ed) (“Interpretation Act”) as promoting the overall purpose and
object underlying the Act.

109 The scheme and purpose approach provides a conceptual methodology for
analysis that combines tax policy and principle to deal with the question of
whether a taxpayer is entitled to point to the use of a specific provision of
the Act as not constituting a tax avoidance arrangement under s 33. We
acknowledge the force of some of the criticisms that Mr Singh levied against
the scheme and purpose approach, but the majority in _Ben Nevis_ did not
assume that discerning whether the use of a specific provision was within the
contemplation or purpose of Parliament would be an easy task, and nor do we.
Tax legislation evolves in a fragmented manner according to policy shifts at
any single point in time and it may not be always possible to identify a
coherent set of intentions within the Act; but the advantage of the scheme and
purpose approach is that it provides a helpful framework in applying s 33(1),
instead of asserting a doctrinal position that leans entirely in favour of the
taxpayer’s choice.

110 In summary, the scheme and purpose approach that ought to be adopted with
respect to the interpretation of s 33 is as follows:

(a) consider whether an arrangement _prima facie_ falls within any of the
three threshold limbs of s 33(1) such that the taxpayer has derived a tax
advantage; and if so,

(b) consider whether the taxpayer may avail himself of the statutory exception
under s 33(3)(_b_); and if not,

(c) ascertain whether the taxpayer has satisfied the court that the tax
advantage obtained arose from the use of a specific provision in the Act that
was within the intended scope and Parliament’s contemplation and purpose, both
as a matter of legal form and economic reality within the context of the
entire arrangement.

Whether s 33 should apply to AQQ when read with ss 10(1)(d), 14(1)(a)(i) 44,
44A and 46 of the Act

111 We have found above that the arrangement fell within s 33(1)(_c_) and that
AQQ could not avail itself of the statutory exception in s 33(3)(_b_). In our
judgment, there was also no basis for AQQ to rely on the combination of ss
10(1)(_d_), 14(1)(_a_)(i), 44, 44A and 46 of the Act as entitling it to the
tax advantage that it had obtained, _ie_ , the deduction of interest expenses
from the dividend income.

112 In our view, the tax advantage obtained from the arrangement was not
merely the extraction of the tax credits that AQQ was entitled to under ss 44,
44A and 46 of the Act, but the reduction of chargeable income through the
deduction of the interest expenses. The release of the tax credits was the
consequence of the arrangement, the purpose and effect of which was the
reduction of liability to tax on chargeable income. It is therefore
misconceived to say that AQQ was simply attempting to obtain tax credits that
they were entitled to under the imputation system as recipients of the
dividends declared by the Subsidiaries.

113 The real issue is whether it can be said, under s 14(1)(_a_)(i), that the
interest payments to N Bank Singapore for the Fixed Rate Notes were “outgoings
and expenses wholly and exclusively _incurred_ during that period … in the
production of the income” [emphasis added] within the scope of the section and
within Parliament’s contemplation and purpose. Formal and mechanistic
compliance with the letter of s 14(1)(_a_)(i) is insufficient, and seen in the
context of the Corporate Restructuring and Financing Arrangement as a whole,
we do not think that it was within Parliament’s contemplation and purpose that
deductions could properly be made in the circumstances of this case in respect
of the interest expenses in order to reduce the quantum of assessable dividend
income, where the payment of interest expenses did not incur any real economic
costs within the B Group as a whole. We therefore hold that the scheme and
purpose approach does not apply to remove the arrangement from the scope of s
33(1).

Issue IV: Did the Comptroller exercise his powers under s 33 so as to
counteract the tax advantage obtained by AQQ?

The appropriate standard of review

114 Before we address the substantive issue, we briefly consider a preliminary
issue raised by the Comptroller’s submissions, namely, the appropriate
standard of review over the Comptroller’s exercise of his powers under s 33(1)
to “disregard or vary the arrangement and make such adjustments as he
considers appropriate … so as to counteract any tax advantage”. This issue was
not canvassed before the Judge, who only observed that the Comptroller’s
powers under s 33(1) had to be exercised “in a manner that is fair and
reasonable … in order to achieve the purpose of counteracting the tax
advantage obtained or obtainable from the arrangement” (at [162] of the
Judgment).

115 Mr Liu did not dispute this statement of principle, but submitted that s
33(1) conferred a wide discretion on the Comptroller to decide how he might
wish to exercise his powers to counteract the tax advantage and that the court
should not impose its own views as to how the Comptroller ought to have
exercised his discretion save in exceptional cases. He submitted that the
standard grounds for judicial review should apply. Mr Singh contended that Mr
Liu’s argument ignored the taxpayer’s statutory right of appeal under the Act
and the contemplated role of the court in such appeals, which was in effect to
conduct a fresh and wholly unconstrained review of the merits of a decision,
including the Comptroller’s exercise of his discretion under s 33(1).

116 Section 79 of the Act expressly confers on the taxpayer a statutory right
of appeal to the Board against an assessment made by the Comptroller. Under s
81, there is a further second tier of appeal against the decision of the Board
to the High Court on a question of law or of mixed law and fact, and
subsequently to the Court of Appeal in accordance with the Court of Appeal’s
jurisdiction to hear appeals from decisions made by the High Court in the
exercise of its original civil jurisdiction.

117 The statutory right of appeal against assessments – both to the Board and
subsequently to the High Court – also applies where the taxpayer wishes to
question the exercise of any discretion of the Comptroller under s 33: see s
34 of the Act.

118 Section 33(1) is an empowering provision conferring wide powers of
reconstruction; the Comptroller “ _may_ ” disregard or vary an arrangement “as
he _considers_ appropriate” where “he is _satisfied_ ” that the arrangement
falls within one of the three limbs. The words used in s 33(1) are therefore
reminiscent of statutes conferring administrative discretion. In _JD Ltd v
Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 484 (“ _JD Ltd_ ”), this court
commented on the scope of review in an appeal against a decision of the
Comptroller that involved an exercise of discretion and observed that where a
provision provided that the Comptroller was to be “satisfied” (at [49]):

… [s]ome degree of administrative discretion is therefore conferred on the
Comptroller, who has to be satisfied that the interest expended on borrowings
was incurred to earn the dividend income. We are of the opinion that such
discretion, as has been acknowledged by the Comptroller, does not give the
latter  _carte blanche_ authority but is instead to be exercised in good faith
and in the interests of good administration.

119 We also held in _JD Ltd_ that the Comptroller’s use of a particular
formula to ascertain whether the expenses allowed for deduction had been
incurred to produce the dividend income was not unreasonable in the
_Wednesbury_ sense, _ie_ , it was not so outrageous that no reasonable or
sensible person who had applied his mind to the question could not have
arrived at the decision, and that the court should not substitute its views as
to how the discretion should otherwise be exercised (at [50]). This court also
observed (at [51]) that the Comptroller had demonstrated a measured approach
in exercising his administrative discretion.

120 Mr Singh attempted to distinguish _JD Ltd_ , submitting that this point
had apparently not been decided with the benefit of full arguments by counsel,
and further, that _JD Ltd_ was not decided in the context of s 34 of the Act,
which expressly permits the Comptroller’s exercise of his discretion under s
33(1) to be questioned in an appeal. Mr Singh also cited the Privy Council
decision on appeal from the Supreme Court of Ceylon of _Donald Jason Ranaweera
v R Ramachandran and others_ [1970] AC 962 (“ _Ranaweera_ ”) and the High
Court decision of _Ling Uk Choon and another v Public Accountants Board_
[2004] 3 SLR(R) 517 (“ _Ling Uk Choon_ ”) for the proposition that the court
could review matters that were the subject of an executive discretion where
there was a statutory right of appeal.

121 While we would reserve our endorsement of the language of _Wednesbury_
unreasonableness outside the administrative law context, we cannot accept Mr
Singh’s argument that the court’s scope of review necessarily entails a full
and unconstrained consideration of the merits. Mr Singh’s basic submission
that the court is entitled to review the exercise of the Comptroller’s
discretion under s 33 is undoubtedly correct. Section 34 puts it beyond doubt
that ss 79 and 81, which are expressly stated to apply to the Comptroller’s
_assessments_ , also apply to the exercise of the Comptroller’s discretion
such that there is no need to have recourse to judicial review to challenge
the Comptroller’s discretion: see Tang Siau Yan, _LexisNexis Annotated
Statutes of Singapore – Income Tax Act_ (LexisNexis, 2012) at para ITA 34.1.
This is consistent with the dicta in _Ranaweera_ that a statutory constituted
taxation board of review was empowered to review matters which were the
subject of a discretion exercised by executive officers (at 968D).

122 However, it does not thereby follow that the standard of review on appeal
in relation to the exercise of an administrative discretion would entail a
complete reconsideration of the merits of the matter without any regard to the
manner in which the Comptroller did in fact exercise his discretion. It may be
noted that in _Ling Uk Choon_ , Woo Bih Li J accepted (at [32]–[33]) that
where there was a statutory right of appeal from the decision of a
professional board, the court was not confined to determining whether the
rules of natural justice had been observed, but he did not go so far as to
affirmatively state that a full rehearing on the merits would be the norm.

123 The authorities demonstrate that the same intensity of review does not
apply to all issues before the court on an appeal from the Board (or for that
matter, on an appeal to the Board from the Comptroller’s decision). For
example, when the court considers an appeal from the Board on a finding of
fact, the question that the court asks itself is whether “no reasonable body
of members constituting an Income Tax Review Board could have reached the
findings reached by the Board” (_per_ Chan Sek Keong JC, as he then was, in
_Mount Elizabeth (Pte) Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [1985–1986] SLR(R) 950
at [17]). The court therefore quite correctly extends deference to the Board
where findings of facts are concerned notwithstanding the availability of an
appeal. The approach of this court in _JD Ltd_ similarly recognised that a
more limited degree of review, inherent in the appellate review process, was
appropriate where the Comptroller’s exercise of a flexible statutory
discretion was challenged before the court.

124 We affirm the standard of review adopted by the Judge in this case, namely
that the Comptroller had to exercise his powers in a manner that was “fair and
reasonable”. This is consistent with the general latitude accorded to the
Comptroller in _JD Ltd_ where the exercise of an administrative discretion was
called into question. The court is therefore entitled to strike down any
variations or adjustments made by the Comptroller that are arbitrary or
unreasonable as well as any excessive or abusive exercise of discretion that
falls outside the scope of the Comptroller’s powers under s 33(1). However,
this review is necessarily limited, and where there are two or more methods of
counteracting a tax advantage, it is not for the court to decide that one
particular method is to be preferred over the others. Such an attenuated
standard of review would not render the statutory right of appeal under the
Act nugatory.

To counteract a tax advantage

125 The Judge did not expressly analyse the meaning of the phrase “counteract
the tax advantage” in s 33(1), and the section does not contain express
statutory guidance as to how the relevant tax advantage may be identified or
counteracted. Reading s 33(1) as a whole, “tax advantage” is referable to the
tax liability that the arrangement had the purpose or effect of avoiding or
reducing; and the word “counteract” indicates that the Comptroller’s powers
can only be exercised to nullify the tax advantage that was obtained and
nothing more. Section 33(1) operates as (i) a voiding provision to disregard
the arrangement, (ii) a reconstruction provision empowering the Comptroller to
vary or make adjustments to the tax elements of the arrangement and (c) a
charging provision that allows for the imposition of liability to tax. It may
be noted that the last mentioned power is not present in either s 99(3) of the
1976 New Zealand Act or Part IVA of the Australian Act.

126 There is nothing in the section that mandates the Comptroller to take a
particular course or choose a specific mode of exercising his powers, as long
as the final object of counteracting the tax advantage is attained. Thus, the
Comptroller may seek to exercise his powers under s 33(1) with reference to
the following postulates:

(a) the tax liability that arises from the inclusion of an income sought to be
excluded or the disallowance of a deduction sought to be made (see, for
example, s 177F of the Australian Act and the very recent New Zealand Court of
Appeal case of _Alesco New Zealand Ltd v Commissioner of Inland Revenue_
[2013] 2 NZLR 175 at [120] and [123], currently on appeal to the Supreme Court
of New Zealand);

(b) the hypothetical tax liability on the economic and commercial basis of
what would likely have happened if the taxpayer had not entered into the
arrangement constituting tax avoidance (see, for example, s 99(3)(a) of the
1976 New Zealand Act and _Miller v Commissioner of Inland Revenue_ [2001] 3
NZLR 316 at [22], where Lord Hoffmann stated that “[t]he Commissioner's duty
is to make an assessment with regard to what in his opinion was likely to have
happened if there had been no scheme”); or,

(c) the tax liability if the arrangement simply had not taken place.

127 While the above approaches are not mandated by s 33(1), we consider that
these are practical yardsticks that the Comptroller may look towards in
deciding how he wishes to exercise his discretionary powers. The Comptroller
is entitled to look at the tax advantage broadly and holistically instead of
counteracting each element of advantage with exacting specificity, and the
court will hesitate to intervene except in the circumstances set out above at
[124].

Whether the Comptroller had acted fairly or reasonably or outside the scope of
his s 33(1) powers

128 The Judge adopted a meticulously detailed approach that dissected the
arrangement and correlated each element of the “tax advantage” to be
counteracted to the discrete step in the arrangement that was objectionable
from a tax avoidance point of view. In particular, the Judge distinguished
between the payments of interest on loans that he considered were “in
substance” genuine and those that were not. Based on his finding that the
Comptroller had not taken issue with the payment of dividends by the
Subsidiaries and the receipt of s 44 tax credits by AQQ, the Judge held (at
[164] of the Judgment) that the Comptroller therefore should not have
disregarded the dividend income and was only entitled to disregard the
interest expenses attributable to $150m of the Fixed Rate Notes, which he
thought were not real loans with actual interest payments. This sum of $150m
was in reality obtained by C (which had purchased the Fixed Rate Notes)
through interest-free intercompany loans provided to it by the B Group and D
(see [8(e)] and [8(i)] above) when the loans could have been directly extended
to AQQ instead (at [169] of the Judgment). In contrast, with respect to the
remaining $75m of the Fixed Rate Notes purchased by C, there was in substance
a loan made by C of its own money to AQQ (through the utilisation of the $75m
it had received from AQQ in exchange for its 50% shareholdings in E, F and G),
and the interest payments should have been allowed as deductible expenses (at
[170] of the Judgment). As mentioned above, the Judge further observed that
the Comptroller should also have required AQQ to account for the withholding
tax that ought to have been paid by C on the interest attributable to the $75m
of Fixed Rate Notes (at [171] of the Judgment). The conceptual approach
adopted by the Judge therefore sought to target each discrete element of tax
advantage, assessed on the basis of whether, _in substance_ , a certain step
in the arrangement had reduced tax liability that would otherwise have been
imposed.

129 In our judgment, the limited standard of review over the Comptroller’s
exercise of discretion did not warrant the Judge substituting his own view for
that of the Comptroller as to how the tax advantage ought to have been
counteracted. The Comptroller chose to disregard the arrangement (_ie_ , both
the Corporate Restructuring and the Financing Arrangement) and treat the
arrangement as in effect void and null. In our view, in these circumstances,
the Comptroller was entitled to take such a holistic view.

130 It is not apparent to us how the Judge’s alternative approach explains why
the exercise of the Comptroller’s discretion was so unreasonable or
demonstrably wrong that it warranted the court substituting the Comptroller’s
discretion with a scheme that appeared to be more efficacious and targeted in
counteracting the tax advantage. First, even if the Comptroller had taken the
view that there was nothing in itself objectionable about the Corporate
Restructuring, as we have discussed above, the Corporate Restructuring and
Financing Arrangement were in substance an integrated scheme, and we do not
think that the only reasonable way of counteracting the tax advantage was to
focus solely on the interest expenses that reduced the amount of chargeable
dividend income. The Comptroller was justified in adopting any method that was
broadly appropriate to the object of counteracting the tax advantage, even if
the method adopted did not precisely correlate the particular elements of tax
advantage with the discrete steps of the arrangement that were deemed
objectionable.

131 Second, the Judge made certain assumptions in determining the nature and
amount of the tax advantage. But there is more than one plausible alternative
fact scenario that may serve as the basis of comparison, and the Comptroller
is entitled at his option to disregard or vary the arrangement in its entirety
if he reasonably considers that to be appropriate. There is nothing to
indicate that the scenario chosen by the Comptroller was plainly wrong and
unreasonable or that the tax impact of choosing it was entirely
disproportionate to any tax advantage that could plausibly have been obtained
by AQQ such that the exercise of the Comptroller’s discretion fell outside the
scope of his powers under s 33(1).

132 Mr Singh also contended in the alternative that the Comptroller had
exceeded his powers by disregarding the full amount of the interest expenses
because the Comptroller had not objected to an intercompany loan within the B
Group and would have allowed the interest deductions if this had been the
actual manner in which the financing for the Corporate Restructuring had taken
place. On this basis, Mr Singh argued that if there was any tax advantage
obtained by AQQ, this would be limited to 0.01% of the interest payments,
which was the difference between what was paid by AQQ and what was in fact
received by C. We do not see any substance in this since it was precisely the
fact that AQQ was claiming interest expenses at 8.85% per annum as deductions
from dividend income when the B Group was at the same time receiving interest
at 8.84% per annum that invited scrutiny. Moreover, the Comptroller is
entitled, at his option, to assess the tax advantage by reference to what AQQ
impermissibly obtained from the presently impugned arrangement, and not only
by reference to the difference between the illegitimate tax advantage and any
legitimate tax advantage that AQQ might have obtained through an alternative
arrangement.

133 We make no comment as to whether the Judge had correctly identified the
particular elements of tax advantage linked to each component step of the
Financing Arrangement as it is not necessary to do so given our conclusion
above that the Comptroller was entitled to disregard all the dividend income
and interest expenses. We only observe that the Judge had chosen to
characterise the flows of certain sums of money as artificial and the flows of
other sums of money as genuine, but the different characterisations may not,
in our judgment, be so readily rationalised. We add that we are also unable to
agree with the Judge’s view that the Comptroller ought to have assessed AQQ
for the withholding tax that was not borne by C as a result of the
interposition of N Bank Singapore and N Bank Mauritius. This hypothetical
withholding tax would not have been in respect of a tax on AQQ; rather, it
would have constituted a sum withheld from C by AQQ and paid on behalf of C as
tax on the interest income received by C. As such, it would have been beyond
the Comptroller’s powers under s 33(1), which, with regard to an arrangement
which has the purpose or effect of reducing or avoiding a liability imposed on
any person, enables only the tax advantage obtained by _that person_ to be
counteracted. As Mr Liu conceded (see [65] above), the Comptroller would not
have been entitled to counteract any tax advantage that may have been obtained
by C by invoking s 33(l) against AQQ.

134 For the foregoing reasons, we find that there is no reason for us to
disturb the Comptroller’s exercise of his powers under s 33(1). The
Comptroller was therefore entitled in principle to counteract the tax
advantage obtained by AQQ in the manner that he set out to do. It follows from
this that the Comptroller validly issued the Notice of Assessment for YA 2007.

Issue V: Had the Comptroller acted ultra vires s 74 of the Act by issuing the
Additional Assessments?

Whether the Comptroller was entitled to issue the Additional Assessments under
s 74

135 As noted above, the Comptroller exercised his powers under s 33(1) to
disregard both the dividend income and the interest expenses, and issued the
Additional Assessments to claw back the tax refunds. In our judgment, while
the Comptroller was entitled to exercise his discretion under s 33(1) in the
way that he did to issue the Notice of Assessment for YA 2007 on this basis,
it was a different matter in relation to the tax refunds that had already been
granted for YA 2004 to YA 2006. The Comptroller purported to exercise his
powers under s 74(1) of the Act by issuing the Additional Assessments for the
three years from YA 2004 to 2006 to claw back the tax refunds previously paid
to AQQ and the question that remains is whether he was entitled to do this.

136 The power to issue an additional assessment under s 74(1) arises when tax
“has not been assessed or has been assessed at a less amount than that which
ought to have been charged”. The Judge took the view that this required a
comparison between the original amount of tax assessed and the amount of tax
assessed under the Additional Assessments and found that the Additional
Assessments were void as the amounts of tax assessed thereunder were actually
less than that under the Original Assessments (at [178]–[179] of the
Judgment). The Judge further suggested that the Additional Assessments would
have been valid under s 74(1) if the Comptroller had simply disregarded the
interest expenses as it followed that the chargeable dividend income – and
thus the amount of tax assessed – would have increased (at [180] of Judgment).

137 By way of illustration, the Original and Additional Assessment for YA 2004
(reproduced at [176]–[177] of the Judgment) are tabulated in a combined form
below:

|  Amount ($)  
---|---  
|  Original |  Additional  
Dividend income: |  4,902,092.00 |  Nil  
Interest income: |  5,185.00 |  5,185.00  
Chargeable income: |  4,907,277.00 |  5,185.00  
**Tax assessed** : |  **1,078,745.36** |  **285.12**  
_Less_ : Tax deducted at source  |  \- 2,712,449.00 |  Nil  
**Tax payable** : |  **\- 1,633,703.64** |  **285.12**  
_Less_ : Previous assessment |  N/A |  \- 1,633,703.64  
**Additional tax payable as per this Assessment:** |  N/A |  1,633,988.76  
  
  

138 The dividend income for the Original Assessment for YA 2004 refers to the
net income after deducting the interest expenses from the dividend income
received by AQQ (_ie_ , $12,329,315 minus $7,419,452) (see above at [16]).

139 Mr Liu submitted that the Judge had erred by failing to look at AQQ’s
position in the round – whether AQQ’s overall tax liability had _in fact_
increased after taking into account the tax that had been refunded under the
Original Assessments – in determining whether the tax assessed under the
Original Assessments was less than that under the Additional Assessments. This
is reflected in the row labelled “Additional tax payable as per this
Assessment” in the table above. Mr Singh, on the other hand, contended that
the tax refunds paid by the Comptroller to AQQ did not constitute income which
could be the subject of “assessment” by the Comptroller under s 74(1).

140 Section 74(1) of the Act states as follows:

**74**.—(1) Where it appears to the Comptroller that any person liable to tax
has not been assessed or has been assessed at a less amount than that which
ought to have been charged, the Comptroller may, within the year of assessment
or within 6 years (if the year of assessment is 2007 or a preceding year of
assessment) or 4 years (if the year of assessment is 2008 or a subsequent year
of assessment) after the expiration thereof, assess that person at such amount
or additional amount as according to his judgment ought to have been charged.

141 The predecessor provision to s 74 was s 69 of the 1947 Ordinance, which
was adopted from s 40 of the 1922 Model Ordinance. Section 69 was subsequently
repealed and re-enacted in 1953 by the Income Tax (Amendment) Ordinance 1953
(Ordinance No 40 of 1953) to include a clause that removed any limitation
period for the issuance of additional assessments where fraud or wilful
default has been committed by any person in connection with or in relation to
tax (now found in s 74(2) of the Act). Subsequent amendments altered the
limitation periods for issuing additional assessments, but the primary
substance of the provision remained unchanged.

142 In our judgment, there were two cumulative difficulties with the manner in
which the Comptroller had exercised s 74(1) to issue the Additional
Assessments:

(a) As the Judge pointed out (at [178]–[179] of the Judgment), the amount of
tax assessed under the Additional Assessments was _less than_ the amount of
income tax assessed under the corresponding Original Assessments for each
year. The Comptroller therefore acted _ultra vires_ s 74(1) as AQQ had not
been previously “assessed at a less amount than that which ought to have been
charged” and the trigger event for enabling the Comptroller to issue an
additional assessment had not occurred. In essence, the Additional Assessments
did not purport to assess AQQ for tax that it had not been previously assessed
for under the Original Assessments.

(b) In the Additional Assessments, the Comptroller had added the tax refunds
that had previously been paid by the Comptroller to AQQ under the Original
Assessments to obtain the net final sum of additional tax payable.

143 A distinction should be drawn between the issuance of an additional
assessment under s 74(1) and the amendment of an assessment, which is deemed
to be final and conclusive under s 84(1) of the Act if no valid notice of
appeal has been lodged within 30 days of the date of the refusal of the
Comptroller to amend an assessment. This 30-day time limit does not apply to
an additional assessment that does not reopen a matter that has been
determined on appeal, which may be raised at any time within the relevant
limitation period: see s 84(2) of an Act. An additional assessment should
hence relate to an _additional_ amount that ought to have been chargeable to
tax so as to supplement the shortfall from the original assessment.

144 In our judgment, Mr Liu’s argument that the court should look at the
taxpayer’s net liability to pay tax in the round was entirely circular as this
net liability was calculated by adding the sum of tax refunds paid out under
the Original Assessments, and presumes that the Comptroller has the power
under s 74(1) to do so when issuing an additional assessment.

145 Section 74 only entitles the Comptroller to “assess [a taxpayer] … at such
amount or additional amount as according to his judgment ought to have been
charged”. There is no statutory definition of the verb “assess” or noun
“assessment” and there is no local authority on what may be “assessed” under s
74.

146 In _Gokuldas Ratanji Mandavia v Commissioner of Income Tax_ [1959] AC 114,
the Privy Council appears to have assumed that s 72 of the East African Income
Tax (Management) Act 1952 (East Africa), which closely resembles the wording
of s 74, could only be invoked to assess an “amount or additional amount
[that] ought to have been charged” such that the taxpayer would be _liable to
tax_ for which he had not been assessed for that year (at 124).

147 A similar provision, section 60(1) of the Hong Kong Ordinance, was
considered by the Hong Kong Court of Appeal in _The Commissioner of Inland
Revenue v Common Empire Ltd_ [2007] 1 HKLRD 679. Section 60(1) provides:

**60**(1) Where it appears to an assessor that for any year of assessment any
person chargeable with tax has not been assessed or has been assessed at less
than the proper amount, the assessor may, within the year of assessment or
within 6 years after the expiration thereof, assess such person at the amount
or additional amount at which according to his judgment such person ought to
have been assessed …

148 In that case, the question arose as to whether the issuance by the
Commissioner of a statement of loss amounted to an “assessment” such that s
60(1) applied to entitle the Commissioner to revise the statement. The Hong
Kong Court of Appeal held that a statement of loss issued by the Commissioner
would not constitute an _assessment_ of tax, and Rogers VP concluded (at [8])
that “an assessment is a process by which an assessor … determines the _amount
of tax payable_ by a person.” [emphasis added]. An assessment, in its narrow
meaning, therefore did not include a statement of loss which was an
administrative document issued by the Commissioner (at [9]).

149 In line with these authorities, we consider that the word “assess”
therefore only applies to the ascertainment (whether this refers to the
process or result) of a person’s existing liability to tax under the
provisions of the Act and the application of the relevant tax rate. This
corresponds with the manner in which the word “assess” is used under the Act.
Section 72 of the Act imposes a statutory obligation on the Comptroller to
make assessments for persons chargeable with tax by “[determining] the amount
of the chargeable income of the person and [making] an assessment
accordingly”. Derivatives of the verb “assess” are also used, for example, in
the following contexts in the Act: to assess tax on gains or profits (ss
10(7A) and 10(7C)), to assess tax on the distribution of dividends (ss 10N(5)
and 10N(8)), and to “make good any loss of tax” where certain forms of
exemptions of dividend income or allowances ought not to have been given (ss
13B(1) and 18C(9)).

150 Judicial definitions of “assessment” under the common law are consistent
with this implicit statutory meaning of the word under the Act. In _A B C v
The Comptroller of Income Tax, Singapore_ [1959] 25 MLJ 162, Buttrose J cited
(at 165) the following observations of Isaacs J in the High Court of Australia
decision in _The King v The Deputy Federal Commissioner of Taxation for South
Australia; ex parte Hooper_ (1926) 37 CLR 368 at 373:

An assessment is not a piece of paper: it is an official act or operation; _it
is the Commissioner’s ascertainment, on consideration of all relevant
circumstances, including sometimes his own opinion, of the amount of tax
chargeable to a given taxpayer_.

[emphasis added]

151 In the light of the consistently narrow meaning assigned to the word
“assess” to refer to the determination of the amount of liability to tax under
the Act, we do not think that the Comptroller has the implied power under s 74
to _assess_ for tax a sum that had previously been refunded or repaid to a
taxpayer. We recognise that this leaves an asymmetry in the positions of the
Comptroller and the taxpayer – under ss 93 and 93A, a taxpayer may recover tax
in excess of the amount payable under the Act or overpaid tax by reason of an
error or mistake in a return filed. But we do not think that this can displace
our conclusion that s 74 does not allow the Comptroller to assess a taxpayer
to liability for sums that are not in fact taxes on income but rather tax
refunds apparently paid out by mistake. To put it simply, prior tax refunds do
not, in the absence of a specific provision enabling the imposition of
liability to make good such refunds, constitute existing chargeable income
liable to be assessed to tax.

152 It follows from this that s 77 of Act cannot assist the Comptroller. Mr
Liu conceded, quite correctly, that s 77 could not render _intra vires_ what
was done _ultra vires_. Section 77(1) states:

**Errors and defects in assessment and notice**

**77**.—(1) No assessment, warrant or other proceeding purporting to be made
in accordance with the provisions of this Act shall be quashed, or deemed to
be void or voidable, for want of form, or be affected by reason of a mistake,
defect or omission therein, if it is in substance and effect in conformity
with or according to the intent and meaning of this Act, and if the person
assessed or intended to be assessed or affected thereby is designated therein
according to common intent and understanding.

This section is concerned only with formal or administrative defects in
assessments made by the Comptroller, and cannot validate what is void in law.

153 In _Fleming v London Produce Co Ltd_ [1968] 1 WLR 1013, the Commissioner
sought to rely on s 514 of the United Kingdom Income Tax Act 1952 (15 & 16 Geo
6 & 1 Eliz 2, c 10) (UK), which is almost identical to s 77 of the Act, to
cure an error in the description of the taxpayer’s source of income in the
assessments. Megarry J made the following observations on the scope of s 514
(at 1027–1028):

I shall not attempt an exegesis of the subsections. I would be slow to accept
that they provide an impervious coverlet for gross errors. One may observe the
form of paragraph (a) of subsection (3); what this saves from impeachment is a
mistake in an assessment "as to" the name or surname of a person liable, and
so on. This suggests that, for example, something recognisable as the true
name of the person liable must appear in the assessment, and only if it does
is any mistake as to that name cured by the subsection. Faulty spelling is an
obvious example. … The likelihood of the recipient being deceived or misled
would also be an important factor.

154 Section 514 was re-enacted in s 114 of the United Kingdom Taxes Management
Act 1970 (c 9) (UK), which was considered by the English Court of Appeal in
_Craven v White_ [1989] 1 AC 398. The Commissioner had made an error in the
assessment by stating the fiscal year of assessment as 1974-1975 instead of
1975-1976, and Slade LJ held (at 437H–438E) that s 114(1) could not validate
the assessment as it did not provide for rectification of the fiscal year of
assessment, which was a fundamental part of the assessment.

155 In the case before us, the Additional Assessments were not challenged
because of some want of form or mistake. Rather, the Comptroller had simply
intended to assess AQQ for tax in a particular manner when he had no power to
do so under s 74, and in the final analysis, s 77 could not cover this gap.

156 Mr Liu submitted in the alternative that the wide powers granted by s
33(1) of the Act to counteract a tax advantage must be read together with s
29(1) of the Interpretation Act as additionally conferring the necessary
powers to assess, recover and collect tax refunds that should not have been
paid after the impugned arrangement is reconstructed. Parliament’s intention
in amending s 33 in 1988 to confer greater powers on the Comptroller to
address the mischief of tax avoidance schemes would otherwise be undermined.
Section 29(1) states in general terms:

**Construction of enabling words**

**29**.—(1) Where a written law confers powers on any person to do or enforce
the doing of any act or thing, such powers shall be understood to be also
conferred as are reasonably necessary to enable the person to do or enforce
the doing of the act or thing.

157 The short answer to this is that what was at issue here was not whether
the Comptroller could counteract a tax advantage. Rather, it was whether he
could recover tax refunds that had been paid out at a time when he did not
realise there was an illegitimate tax advantage to be counteracted.

158 The powers under s 33(1) of the Act enable the Comptroller to alter the
relevant tax liability either indirectly by disregarding or varying the
arrangement or directly through the immediate imposition of liability to tax.
Section 33(1) is not concerned with the act of assessment – that is to say,
the Comptroller’s ascertainment of the amount of chargeable income and tax
payable by applying the provisions of the Act – nor is it concerned with the
collection of tax. It is not contained in the parts of the Act (Parts XVII and
XIX) which deal specifically with these matters. In our judgment, it is not
reasonably necessary, in order for the Comptroller to achieve Parliament’s
intended purpose of the powers conferred under s 33(1), that the Comptroller
should be held to have the further power to recover refunds that had been paid
to a taxpayer on a mistaken premise.

159 Our conclusion on the scope of s 74 might appear to place the Comptroller
in a rather unenviable position in that there seems to be no obvious statutory
mechanism to claw back the tax refunds which AQQ was clearly not entitled to
keep. Mr Singh urged us not to create a remedy where a remedy does not exist
under the Act. But a remedy appropriate to this situation may well have been
available in the broad reconstruction powers conferred on the Comptroller
under s 33(1). General anti-avoidance provisions in other jurisdictions are
not “charging” sections: see Richardson J’s observations in _Challenge (CA)_
(at 548) that s 99 of the 1976 New Zealand Act “does not itself create a
liability for income tax. Its function is to protect the liability for income
tax established under other provisions of the legislation”. Section 33(1)
however, does expressly give the Comptroller wide powers, including the power
to impose a liability to tax that hitherto would not have existed under any
other specific provision of the Act in order to counteract any illegitimate
tax advantage arising from the impugned arrangement. Conceivably, the
Comptroller might have exercised his discretion to impose a tax liability
equivalent to the sum of the tax refunds, _ie_ , the tax advantage obtained,
and then invoked s 74(1) to assess AQQ for these sums. This might arguably not
be _ultra vires_ s 74(1) as the Comptroller would subsequently be assessing
AQQ for tax that had not been assessed under the Original Assessments. This
point was not argued before us and so these views should not be regarded as
final. Moreover, this was not the basis on which the Additional Assessments
were raised.

An alternative cause of action

160 In the course of oral argument, Mr Singh suggested that it might be
possible for the Comptroller to file a suit to recover the tax refunds under s
89 of the Act, which states as follows:

**Suit for tax by Comptroller**

**89**.—(1) Notwithstanding the provisions of any other written law, _tax,
interest and any penalty imposed under this Act and any sum due to the
Government under sections 44, 44A and 45, may be sued for by way of a
specially endorsed writ of summons_.

….

[emphasis added]

161 The original provision, s 86 of the 1947 Ordinance, referred only to _tax_
due. Section 89 now provides that the Comptroller may sue for “tax, interest
and any penalty imposed under this Act and any sum due to the Government under
sections 44, 44A and 45” by way of a specially endorsed writ of summons. A
certificate by the Comptroller as to the amount due to the Government is
sufficient evidence of the amount due by the taxpayer and entitles the
Comptroller to obtain judgment from the court for that amount: see s 89(4) of
the Act. Again, the point was not argued before us at any length but we make
the tentative observation that the provision may not avail the Comptroller in
the present appeals as the mistakenly paid tax refunds that the Comptroller
now wishes to recover from AQQ might not readily be categorised as “tax,
interest and any penalty”.

162 However, nothing in the Act bars the Comptroller from instituting an
action at common law to recover tax refunds that he claims he is entitled to.
It is possible, for example, that the Comptroller may have a remedy under a
common law claim in unjust enrichment to recover the tax refunds as monies
paid under a mistake. We express no further view on this and do not in any way
foreclose any possible arguments or defences that AQQ may see fit to raise
should the Comptroller wish to pursue this or any other avenue that might be
considered viable.

Conclusion

163 For the foregoing reasons, we allow CA 7/2013 in part but only to the
extent that the Comptroller had validly issued the Notice of Assessment for YA
2007 and dismiss CA 8/2013. In our judgment the Additional Assessments for YA
2004, YA 2005 and YA 2006 were _ultra vires_ and we affirm the Judge’s order
setting these aside. We will hear the parties on the appropriate orders as to
costs in the event they are unable to come to an agreement. In that event,
each party is to file written submissions within 14 days setting out its
respective position on the questions of who should bear such costs, in what
portion (if appropriate) and for what amount. Such submissions are to be
limited to 15 pages in length.

ANNEX A – AQQ’S TAX RETURNS AND CLAIMED TAX REFUNDS

|  YA 2004 |  YA 2005 |  YA 2006 |  YA 2007  
---|---|---|---|---  
Dividend income |  12,329,315 |  30,952,630 |  19,970,000 |  19,992,000  
Interest expenses |  (7,419,452) |  (19,852,015) |  (19,912,500) |  (19,912,500)  
Other expenses |  (7,771) |  (17,021) |  (11,409) |  (5,217)  
Net dividend income |  4,902,092 |  11,083,594 |  46,091 |  4,283  
**Tax payable on dividend income** |  1,078,460.24 |  2,216,718.80 |  9,218.20 |  856.60  
Tax deducted at source |  (2,712,499) |  (6,190,526) |  (3,994,000) |  (3,984,400)  
**Tax repayable on dividend income** |  (1,633,988.76) |  (3,973,807.20) |  (3,984,781.80) |  (3,983,543.40)   
Interest income |  5,189 |  6,337 |  26,607 |  110,358  
Exempt amount |  (3,889) |  (4,751) |  (15,796) |  (52,500)  
Other expenses |  (4) |  (3) |  (15) |  (29)  
Net interest income |  1,296 |  1,583 |  10,796 |  57,829  
**Tax payable on interest income** |  285.12 |  316.60 |  2,159.20 |  11,565.80  
**Net tax refunds claimed by AQQ** |  (1,633,703.64) |  (3,973,490.60) |  (3,982,622.60) |  (3,971,977.60)  
  
  

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Christina Ng Sor Hua at para 12-14; CA 8/2013 ACB Vol 2
at pp 91-95.

[note: 2]Affidavit of Christina Ng Sor Hua at para 14-15; CA 8/2013 ACB Vol 2
at p 92-98.

[note: 3]Affidavit of Christina Ng Sor Hua at para 16-17; CA 8/2013 ACB Vol 2
at p 98-100.

[note: 4]Affidavit of Christina Ng Sor Hua at para 22; CA 8/2013 ACB Vol 2 at
p 103.

[note: 5]Affidavit of Christina Ng Sor Hua at CN-27; CA 8/2013 ROA Vol 3 Part
C at p 7.

[note: 6]Affidavit of Christina Ng Sor Hua at para 37; CA 8/2013 ACB Vol 2 at
p 110.

[note: 7]Affidavit of Christina Ng Sor Hua at para 40; CA 8/2013 ACB Vol 2 at
p 111.

[note: 8]Affidavit of Christina Ng Sor Hua at para 42; CA 8/2013 ACB Vol 2 at
pp 111-112.

[note: 9]Affidavit of B Group’s Chief Financial Officer at para 30; CA 8/2013
ACB Vol 2 at p 26.

[note: 10]Affidavit of B Group’s Chief Financial Officer at para 16; CA 8/2013
ACB Vol 2 at p 15.

[note: 11]Affidavit of B Group’s Chief Financial Officer at para 17; CA 8/2013
ACB Vol 2 at p 15.

[note: 12]XXN of B Group’s Chief Financial Officer; ROA Vol III (Part F) at pp
63-64.

[note: 13]Announcement made by the B Group to the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange;
CA 8/2013 ACB Vol 2 at p76.

[note: 14]Affidavit of B Group’s Chief Financial Officer at para 43; CA 8/2013
ACB Vol 2 at p 33.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

