Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Paragon Shipping Pte Ltd _v_ Freight Connect (S) Pte Ltd  
[2014] SGHC 165

Case Number| :| Suit No 855 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 August 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  K Muralitherapany and Koh Seng Tee Edward (Joseph Tan
Jude Benny LLP) for the plaintiff; Navinder Singh and Amirul Hairi (Navin & Co
LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  PARAGON SHIPPING PTE LTD — FREIGHT CONNECT (S) PTE LTD  
  
26 August 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff and the defendant are Singapore companies in the business of
providing transport services for the import and export of cargo by sea.
Neither company is a ship owner or operator. Each of them deals with third
party providers of vessels either directly or through another middleman.

2 This action arises out of arrangements made between the plaintiff and the
defendant for the transport of machinery (“the cargo”) from the port of Nanwei
in China to Singapore. The exact contractual arrangements are a matter of
dispute: the plaintiff’s position is that there were two charter contracts
(the “first fixture” and the “second fixture” respectively) between the
plaintiff and the defendant by which the plaintiff agreed to supply a vessel
to transport the cargo, the second fixture being concluded after the first
fixture was cancelled by the defendant. The defendant’s position is that the
first fixture was the only contract between the parties and that because the
plaintiff breached the terms of the first fixture, the defendant had to ship
the cargo by a vessel supplied by a third party.

3 The plaintiff has sued the defendant for loss of freight and demurrage and
the defendant has made a counterclaim for damages for breach of contract and
also loss of business arising from a letter written by the plaintiff to the
defendant’s customer.

4 The following main issues arise from the pleadings, evidence and
submissions:

(a) What happened to the first fixture: was the plaintiff in breach?

(b) Was the second fixture concluded between the plaintiff and the defendant?

(c) Was the Notice of Readiness (“NOR”) tendered by the vessel under the
second fixture valid?

(d) What remedies are recoverable by either party in relation to the first or
second fixtures?

(e) Is the plaintiff liable to the defendant for the tort of wrongful
interference with trade?

Background

5 All events referred to in this summary of what occurred took place in 2012.

The first fixture

6 In July 2012, the defendant entered into a contract with a company called
Herrenknecht Asia Headquarters Pte Ltd (“Herrenknecht”) to transport the cargo
from China to Singapore and deliver it to Herrenknecht. At about the same
time, the defendant’s general manager and director, Marcus Stephen Tan (“Mr
Tan”) and its operations manager, Yesica Winata (“Ms Winata”), had discussions
with the plaintiff’s director, Madeline Ong Kah Liang (“Ms Ong”), regarding
the provision of a vessel to carry the cargo from the port of Nanwei, China,
to Singapore.

7 On 26 July, the plaintiff and the defendant entered into the first fixture
by which the plaintiff agreed to provide the vessel “MV Dahua” (the “ _Dahua_
”) to carry the cargo to Singapore for a lump sum freight of US$161,000. The
plaintiff had in its turn chartered the _Dahua_ for this purpose from FLS
(Thailand) Co., Ltd (“FLS”) on the basis that it would pay FLS a lump sum
freight of US$155,000 for the carriage of the cargo.

8 The charter contract between the plaintiff and the defendant was a voyage
charter and a written document entitled “Fixture Note” was signed by both
parties. It contained the following important terms:

02) Loading port: 1SBP Owners Berth Nanwei Port, Guangdong, PR China;

03) Discharging port: 1SBP Owners Berth Singapore;

04) Laycan: 10th – 20th Aug, 2012;

19) Others as per Gencon C/P 1994.

Clause 4 above is crucial. It provided that the “laycan”, meaning the period
during which the _Dahua_ had to arrive in Nanwei and be ready to load the
cargo, was between 10 and 20 August. If the _Dahua_ did not meet this laycan,
then the defendant would be entitled to cancel the fixture. The term “laycan”
or “lay/can” is commonly used in charter contracts as a short form to indicate
the dates when the vessel is to be ready to load and the cancelling date.

9 Clause 19 of the Fixture Note incorporated, as part of the first fixture,
the terms of the standard form contract devised by The Baltic and
International Maritime Council and codenamed “Gencon”. The plaintiff relied on
cl 9 of Gencon (“cl 9”) to support its stand. Clause 9 provides:

**9**. **Cancelling Clause**

(a) Should the Vessel not be ready to load (whether in berth or not) on the
cancelling date indicated in Box 21, the Charterers shall have the option of
cancelling this Charter Party.

b) Should the Owners anticipate that, despite the exercise of due diligence,
the Vessel will not be ready to load by the cancelling date, they shall notify
the Charterers thereof without delay stating the expected date of the Vessel’s
readiness to load and asking whether the Charterers will exercise their option
of cancelling the Charter Party, or agree to a new cancelling date.

Such option must be declared by the Charterers within 48 running hours after
the receipt of the Owners’ notice. If the Charterers do not excise their
option of cancelling, then this Charter Party shall be deemed to be amended
such that the seventh day after the new readiness date stated in the Owners’
notification to the Charterers shall be the new cancelling date.

The provisions of sub-clause (b) of this Clause shall operate only once, and
in case of the Vessel’s further delay, the Charterers shall have the option of
cancelling the Charter Party as per sub-clause (a) of this Clause.

10 On 30 July, FLS informed the plaintiff that the ship’s agent for the
_Dahua_ at Nanwei would be Bruce Gong (“Mr Gong”), of ASB Group Co., Ltd of
Guangdong (“ASB”). This information was passed on to the defendant.
Subsequently there was contact directly between Mr Gong and the defendant
regarding the loading of the cargo and the cargo documents were duly passed to
ASB.

11 The defendant was anxious to ship the cargo as early as possible. On 7
August, and again the next day, the defendant wrote to the plaintiff asking
for the status of the _Dahua_. On 8 August, the plaintiff replied that the
vessel was at Yingkou anchorage due to bad weather and, according to its
schedule, the _Dahua_ would be at Shanghai between 10 and 12 August; at Nanwei
between 15 and 17 August; and in Singapore between 22 and 25 August. A second
e-mail was sent out by the plaintiff later the same day which stated that the
vessel would be in Nanwei on 15 August and since there was a very big typhoon
in China all plans had been delayed.

12 The defendant did some investigation of its own and, allegedly, Mr Tan was
advised that the _Dahua_ was in the vicinity of North Korea on 10 August and
nowhere near the vicinity of the bad weather. On 13 August, the defendant
informed the plaintiff that the vessel was near North Korean waters. The
e-mail alleged that the vessel was already in default of the fixture note as
it would need 15 to 18 days to reach Guangzhou. The e-mail ended with the
following demand:

Kindly get the replacement vessel asap by today before noon hrs.

13 The plaintiff denied that the vessel was anywhere near North Korea. On the
afternoon of 13 August, it informed the defendant that the vessel had berthed
in Tianjin. On 14 August, FLS informed the plaintiff that due to continuing
poor weather conditions and delays at the various ports in the region, the
_Dahua_ would only be able to arrive at Nanwei between 20 and 25 August.
Accordingly, on 15 August, Ms Ong informed Mr Tan that she had been pushing
for a confirmed schedule but so far the best estimate the plaintiff had
received regarding the _Dahua’s_ arrival was “ETA 20 – 25th August”. Ms Ong
asked whether the laycan could be extended to 30 August. Her evidence was that
Mr Tan rejected this suggestion.

Events leading to the disputed second fixture

14 By 16 August, the plaintiff was able to put forward some “options” (as Ms
Ong called them) to the defendant regarding the shipment. In her e-mail sent
at 1.35pm that day, Ms Ong told the defendant that the _Dahua_ was expected to
arrive at Nanwei around 30 August and if the defendant was willing to wait,
the ship owner wanted it to sign an extension of the fixture note. If the
defendant was not interested, then the _Dahua_ would not call at Nanwei. She
then advised that: (i) an alternative vessel under consideration, the “ _Limco
Asia_ ”, was not suitable because not all the cargo could be stowed under-
deck; and (ii) another possible alternative vessel could load on 24 August at
Gaolan port which apparently was close to Nanwei. Ms Ong asked the defendant
to check with the shipper of the cargo whether loading at Gaolan would be
acceptable. Ms Ong concluded by saying that the plaintiff was still looking
for alternatives but these were the three “options” presently available. She
wanted Mr Tan’s urgent response on them. However, the defendant did not reply
to this e-mail. At 6.37pm on 16 August, Mg Ong informed the defendant that if
it did not agree to an extension of the _Dahua’s_ laycan, the fixture note
would be void on 20 August as the vessel would not be going to Nanwei to pick
up the cargo.

15 Mr Tan was upset by that e-mail. In his response, he indicated that if the
_Dahua_ could not meet the terms of the first fixture, the defendant might
take legal action. Ms Ong replied on 17 August that the plaintiff had given
the defendant three options and the defendant should indicate its choice as
otherwise the plaintiff could not proceed. She also complained that Mr Tan had
refused to answer her calls. A few hours later at 1.12pm, she sent the
defendant an e-mail announcing that the plaintiff had found a “passing by
vessel” to load the cargo in Nanwei on 20 August. She asked the defendant to
confirm its acceptance of this new vessel and that the cargo was ready for
loading as otherwise the vessel’s detention charge would be US$25,000 per day.
Ms Ong stressed that she needed an immediate acceptance in order to secure
this vessel. The vessel that this e-mail referred to was the “MV AAL Dampier”
(“ _AAL Dampier_ ”).

16 It is from this point onwards that the parties’ accounts of what occurred
diverge.

17 According to Ms Ong, the defendant accepted the _AAL Dampier_ and the
plaintiff proceeded to secure the vessel by entering into a charter with FLS
as the disponent owners of this vessel. According to the charter between the
plaintiff and FLS, the ports of loading and discharge were Nanwei and
Singapore respectively and the time of shipment was between 19 and 20 August.
The freight was US$155,000 lump sum and the detention charge was US$20,000 per
day.

18 There was no signed fixture note between the plaintiff and the defendant in
respect of the _AAL Dampier_. The earliest written response to the plaintiff’s
email was sent by Ms Winata at about 1.51pm on 17 August. She asked the
plaintiff to advise the defendant speedily of the specifications of the
vessel. The e-mail stated that the cargo was ready for loading and it needed
to be loaded not later than 20 August. Further, the plaintiff should make sure
that there was no further delay and that the ETA Singapore of the _AAL
Dampier_ was to be no later than 25 August.

19 At 2.06pm on 17 August, Ms Ong sent the defendant an e-mail addressed to Ms
Winata. The first line of this e-mail read: “Thank you for your confirmation.
As discussed, we have confirmed fixing the shipment…”. This first line was
followed by the terms of the engagement which identified the vessel as being
“AAL tonnage or [substitute] (intention _AAL Dampier_)”, and specified the
following: the port of loading as Nanwei port, the port of discharge as
Singapore, the time of shipment as “19 – 20.8.2012”, the freight as US$161,000
lump sum and the detention charge as “US$25,000 per day pro rata”. Ms Ong’s
testimony was that she had had a conversation with Ms Winata during which the
latter had confirmed the charter of the _AAL Dampier_ by the defendant.

20 As far as the plaintiff is concerned, the defendant had agreed orally to
charter the _AAL Dampier_ to carry the cargo from Nanwei to Singapore and the
e-mail summarised above confirmed that. The defendant’s position is that it
did not confirm the charter of this vessel. It was only exploring the
possibility of loading the cargo on to the same. The defendant says that the
_AAL Dampier_ was offered by the plaintiff in an attempt to rectify its breach
under the first fixture. The defendant’s interactions with the plaintiff
thereafter were an attempt to co-operate in order to mitigate its own loss.

Events after 2.06pm on 17 August

21 After the exchange of e-mails detailed above, the parties continued to
correspond. On the same day, the plaintiff sent an e-mail giving the defendant
the stowage plan of the _AAL Dampier_ and also details of its agent. In this
e-mail, the plaintiff stated that the vessel’s ETA in Nanwei was 19 August and
its ETA in Singapore was 24 August. By a further e-mail sent later that
evening, the plaintiff asked the defendant to confirm that the shipper had no
problem with customs clearance at Nanwei. Further, the shipper should contact
the new agent in respect of loading and ASB was no longer involved with the
shipment. The defendant replied that the shipper had been informed of this.

22 The _AAL Dampier_ arrived at Nanwei on 20 August. It tendered its NOR at
1915 hours that evening. The plaintiff was informed by FLS on 22 August that a
berth had been booked for the vessel but that there was delay due to
congestion at Nanwei port.

23 The _AAL Dampier_ was scheduled to berth on 23 August. In order to confirm
the berth, certain shipping/customs documents in relation to the cargo were
required by the Nanwei port authorities. It was the defendant’s
responsibility, as the shipper, to procure these. The defendant did not supply
these shipping/customs documents and as a result the vessel lost the 23 August
berth booking. It was then given a tentative berth booking for 27/28 August
subject to the shipping/customs documents being made available.

24 On 23 August, the defendant informed the plaintiff that the defendant would
be loading the cargo on board a different vessel, the “ _MV Sea Castle_ ” (the
“ _Sea Castle_ ”). Mr Tan said that the defendant was unable to load on the
_AAL Dampier_ as the previous agent, ASB, had retained the shipping documents.
The plaintiff’s reply was that it would charge the defendant dead freight of
US$161,000 as well as detention charges. The defendant nevertheless proceeded
to load the cargo on the _Sea Castle_ which thereafter transported it to
Singapore.

The claim and counterclaim

25 The plaintiff brought this action to recover its loss arising out of the
failure of the defendant to load the cargo onto the _AAL Dampier_. The
plaintiff claimed freight of US$161,000 or, in the alternative, damages for
breach of contract. It also claimed detention charges of US$25,000 per day
pro-rated for three days. Further, the plaintiff asked for an order that the
defendant do indemnify and pay the plaintiff any sum that the plaintiff may be
liable to pay the head charterer and/or the owner of the _AAL Dampier_ arising
out of the failure of the defendant to perform the charter of the vessel.

26 The defendant resisted the plaintiff’s claim on the basis that the
plaintiff had been in breach of the fixture in respect of the _Dahua_ and that
there had never been a confirmed fixture for the _AAL Dampier_. Thus, the
defendant was entitled to ship the cargo by the _Sea Castle_ and to recover
the extra costs it had incurred by reason of having to engage this vessel. The
defendant also had a counterclaim against the plaintiff for wrongful
interference with the defendant’s business relationship with Herrenknecht.

The issues

What is the legal position in respect of the first fixture?

27 The parties have taken opposing positions in relation to the legal effect
of the events that occurred between 13 and 17 August 2012. The plaintiff’s
position is that what occurred fell within cl 9(b) and, as a result, the
defendant cancelled the fixture of the _Dahua_ on or about 16 August 2012. The
defendant denies that this was the legal effect of those events. It contends,
in effect, that cl 9(b) did not come into play because the plaintiff was in
breach of the first fixture in that the inability of the _Dahua_ to meet the
contracted laycan of between 10 and 20 August 2012 arose from the deliberate
decision to send the vessel to Tianjin and Qingdao.

28 I repeat below the portions of cl 9 which are relevant to the issues
discussed in this part of the judgment:

b) Should the Owners anticipate that, despite the exercise of due diligence,
the Vessel will not be ready to load by the cancelling date, they shall notify
the Charterers thereof without delay stating the expected date of the Vessel’s
readiness to load and asking whether the Charterers will exercise their option
of cancelling the Charter Party, or agree to a new cancelling date.

Such option must be declared by the Charterers within 48 running hours after
the receipt of the Owners’ notice. If the Charterers do not excise their
option of cancelling, then this Charter Party shall be deemed to be amended
such that the seventh day after the new readiness date stated in the Owners’
notification to the Charterers shall be the new cancelling date.

(1) Was there a lack of due diligence on the part of the plaintiff?

29 In order to invoke cl 9(b), the plaintiff had to show that the inability of
the _Dahua_ to meet the laycan was not due to lack of due diligence on its
part. The defendant’s position is based on the plaintiff’s own evidence as
shown by its documents and the testimony of Ms Ong. This evidence was that the
vessel had not originally been scheduled to call at Tianjin and it was only on
13 August 2012 that the plaintiff was informed of the change in the schedule
decided on by the owners of the _Dahua_. On 14 August 2012, FLS informed the
plaintiff that the laycan could not be met and asked for an extension of
laycan to 25 August 2012. Ms Ong’s response to FLS was that the plaintiff was
not able to extend the laycan and FLS should find a substitute vessel. The
defendant submitted that this evidence showed that the plaintiff knew that it
was going to be in breach of the first fixture, yet the plaintiff did not
inform the defendant at that time about the request by FLS or that it was
trying to find a substitute vessel. Instead, on 15 August 2012 the plaintiff
informed the defendant that the ETA of the _Dahua_ was between 20 and 25
August 2012 and asked whether the defendant would agree to extend the laycan
to 30 August 2012. Obviously, the defendant submitted, the plaintiff wanted an
extension of the laycan so as to avoid a breach of the first fixture on its
part. Further, on 16 August 2012, the defendant was told that the _Dahua_ had
departed Tianjin and diverted to Qingdao to load another lot of cargo and
would arrive in Nanwei on 30 August 2012.

30 Although the defendant did not say so in terms, the implication of this
recital of events was that the plaintiff had not exercised due diligence to
make the _Dahua_ ready to load at Nanwei by the cancelling date.

31 In my judgment, the evidence does reflect a lack of due diligence on the
part of the plaintiff. The plaintiff, as the disponent owner of the _Dahua_
under the second fixture, had a duty to cause the vessel to proceed to the
loading port with reasonable despatch or, as cl 9(b) put it, to exercise due
diligence to meet the contracted laycan. Whilst there was some evidence of bad
weather affecting the vessel’s progress during the period between 8 and 10
August, the vessel was sent to Tianjin instead of directly to Shanghai as
originally scheduled. Even then, the vessel could perhaps have arrived in
Nanwei within the laycan even with a stop-over in Shanghai. However, instead
of proceeding to Shanghai and then Nanwei, after Tianjin, the owner sent the
vessel to Qingdao. This decision was in breach of the obligation to proceed to
Nanwei with reasonable despatch.

32 It is clear from the correspondence that passed between the plaintiff and
FLS that although from 8 August 2012, the plaintiff was actively checking on
the position of the _Dahua_ and trying to obtain the firm estimate of when it
would arrive in Nanwei, the plaintiff did nothing to try and compel the vessel
to meet the laycan. Whilst on 13 August the plaintiff remonstrated with FLS
about the change in the itinerary of the vessel, it went no further than
asking for an urgent solution to solve the problem of the laycan. It seems
thereafter to have concentrated on trying to find a substitute vessel for the
defendant. This may have been a practical approach, given that the plaintiff
was not in a position to force the _Dahua_ to sail to Nanwei, but it did not
establish due diligence in attempting to meet the laycan set by the first
fixture. As early as 15 August, the owner indicated that the estimated arrival
date at Nanwei was between 20 and 25 August and asked for the laycan to be
extended to 30 August. Shortly thereafter, the owner’s decision to divert the
vessel to Qingdao made it impossible for the vessel to arrive at Nanwei within
the laycan and thus equally impossible for the plaintiff to claim that it had
exercised due diligence to meet the laycan.

(2) Was a proper notice given under cl 9?

33 As the plaintiff did not exercise due diligence to bring the _Dahua_ to
Nanwei within the laycan, it was not able to invoke cl 9(b). However, the
submissions of the parties discuss at some length the issue of whether, if the
plaintiff had been entitled to do so, it met the notice requirements of the
clause. Thus, although the issue is not pertinent to my ultimate decision, I
will consider whether the plaintiff gave a notice in the terms required by cl
9(b).

34 The defendant argues that the notice given by the plaintiff was inadequate
and did not meet the requirements of cl 9(b). In particular, the plaintiff
failed to: (a) notify it of the revised expected date of the _Dahua’s_
readiness to load; and (b) ask the defendant whether it would be exercising
its option of either cancelling the charter or agreeing to a new cancelling
date.

35 The plaintiff relies on three e-mails to show that the requisite notice was
given. These are as follows:

(a) The e-mail of 15 August 2012 when the plaintiff informed the defendant
that so far the best date given by the owner was “ETA 20 – 25 August” and that
the owner had asked for an extension of laycan to 30 August, and if not
granted, the owner would look for another vessel.

(b) The e-mail of 16 August 2012, at 1.35pm, when the plaintiff informed the
defendant that the _Dahua_ had diverted to Qingdao and it was expected to
arrive at Nanwei on 30 August; and if the defendant was willing to wait for
that vessel it had to sign an extension of the first fixture, otherwise the
vessel would not call at Nanwei. Further, the plaintiff advised the defendant
of a possible vessel that could load at Gaolan port on 24 August. The
plaintiff asked the defendant to “advise your choice of acceptance urgently”.

(c) The e-mail of 16 August 2012, at 6.37pm, when the plaintiff told the
defendant that if it did not agree to an extension of the laycan, the first
fixture would “be void on 20 August” and the _Dahua_ would not be going to
pick up the cargo and asked the defendant to advise it of the defendant’s
decision regarding the extension and the other “options” mentioned in the
earlier e-mail of the same day.

36 The legal position regarding unilateral notices served pursuant to
contractual rights is that such notices should be interpreted objectively and
purposively: See _Mannai Investment Co Ltd v Eagle Star Life Assurance Co Ltd_
[1997] AC 749\. The House of Lords in that case stated that the question to be
decided was how a reasonable recipient of such a notice, circumstanced as the
actual recipient was, would understand the notice. The court also stated that
the purpose for which a notice is given must be taken into account when
determining the validity of the notice (per Lord Steyn at 767–769).

37 The defendant argued that _The “Madeleine”_ [1967] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 224 (“
_Madeleine_ ”) and _The_ “ _Helvetia-S_ ” [1960] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 540 (“
_Helvetia-S_ ”) stipulate that a notice of delay given by an owner under a
cancellation clause in the charter party is only valid if there is strict
adherence to the requirements of the clause. The cases do not stand for this
proposition. In fact, both cases do not even discuss when a notice of delay
given by an owner to a charterer will be valid. Rather, they concern the issue
of whether the charterer is entitled to cancel a charter party pursuant to a
cancellation clause before the stipulated cancelling date when it is clear
that the owner will be unable to tender the ship in time. They decided that
the charterers had no such right under the cancellation clauses in question
(_Madeleine_ at 244; _Helvetia-S_ at 552). Those clauses gave the charterer an
option to cancel should the vessel not be delivered on a specified date. They
were quite unlike cl 9(b) which provides for a notice to be given by the owner
in anticipation of an inability to deliver on a specified date and for the
notice to be given in advance of that delivery date.

38 In the present case, the plaintiff’s e-mail at 1.35 pm on 16 August advised
the defendant that the estimated time of arrival of the _Dahua_ at Nanwei was
30 August 2012. The plaintiff also asked whether the defendant was prepared to
wait and extend the laycan. This e-mail clearly meets the requirements of cl
9(b) because it states the revised expected date of the _Dahua’s_ readiness to
load and poses the question to the defendant as to whether the latter was
willing to agree to the new date. Implied in this question was the further
question of whether, instead of agreeing to the new date, the defendant would
prefer to exercise its option in cancelling the first fixture.

39 The defendant argues that this e-mail only stated the date of the _Dahua’s_
expected arrival in Nanwei as opposed to the expected date of the vessel’s
readiness to load as required by cl 9(b). The defendant’s interpretation of
the e-mail is overly pedantic and technical. The e-mail stated that the
_Dahua’s_ revised expected date of arrival was 30 August 2012. A reasonable
recipient in the defendant’s position would have understood this to mean that
the earliest date of the vessel’s expected readiness to load was also 30
August 2012. In fact, the plaintiff was telling the defendant that if it was
willing to accept the change of date, it would have to sign an extension of
the fixture to this date.

40 The defendant also argues that the e-mail should not be considered a notice
concerning the cancellation of the first fixture because the plaintiff was
simply forwarding the message it received from the owner of the _Dahua_. This
argument must be rejected. The e-mail cannot be construed simply as a
forwarded message sent for the defendant’s information only since the
plaintiff explicitly requested the defendant to decide whether it was willing
to extend the laycan and to advise its choice urgently.

41 For the reasons given above, it is my view that had the plaintiff exercised
due diligence to meet the laycan, the notices it gave the defendant on 16
August 2012, in particular the email of 1.35 pm, would have served as valid
notice under cl 9(b).

(3) What was the legal position on 16 and 17 August 2013?

42 The fact that the plaintiff was not entitled to invoke cl 9(b) is not the
end of the matter. The position on 16 August 2012 was that the plaintiff had
clearly notified the defendant that it was unable to meet the contractual
laycan. It asked the defendant to agree to an extension of the laycan. It was
entitled to do this as a method of avoiding a breach of contract by an agreed
variation of terms. There was nothing sinister in such a request as the
defendant implied. The defendant remained free to reject the request. The
legal consequence of the events that occurred was that on 16 August 2012 there
existed a situation of anticipatory breach of contract on the part of the
plaintiff. The defendant then had the choice to affirm the contract or to
accept the breach and terminate the contract. The defendant’s position is that
it took the first course. In my judgment, it actually took the latter one.

43 The defendant did not accept the new laycan suggested by the owner of the
_Dahua_. Nor did it state explicitly in any correspondence that it wanted to
cancel the first fixture. Ms Ong’s evidence was that after she had made the
request that the laycan be extended to 30 August, Mr Tan called her and said
it was too late and asked her to look for a substitute vessel. Such a response
was arguably a termination of the first fixture. The defendant denied that
this had happened. However, I am satisfied that the defendant’s conduct and
the evidence support the conclusion that it terminated the first fixture, if
not on 16 August then on 17 August. I should state here that although from
time to time below I may use the terms “cancel” and “cancellation” I do not
mean to imply that cl 9(b) was in operation during this period. I use the
terms as synonyms for “terminate” and “termination” and because the parties
used them in the course of the case.

44 First, I note that when Mr Tan was asked in court whether he had insisted
that the _Dahua_ perform the first fixture, although he was somewhat evasive,
he finally agreed that he had not insisted that the _Dahua_ go to Nanwei in
any case. The following is taken from the Notes of Evidence:

QThe emails on the 15th and 16th, we’ve just gone through all that, remember?

…

QAnd those emails said she asked you for an extension of the laycan and you
rejected this request, correct? Now, did you ask Madeline to---at the---to
continue and perform the fix---first fixture in any case?

AAfter the 16th, no.

…

QYes, okay. So you did not insist that the first vessel had to come to Nanwei
in any case, right?

AI did not continue on that one, disagree with that.

QSorry, disagree with my question or disagree---

AYour questions. Because actually I did not stop her or---or to tell her that
not to come back to Nanwei at any point of time for the first fixtures note.
Because we … did not talk about the first fixture note on whether to come in
or not.

…

QDid you tell her? It’s either a yes or a no, did you tell her “I want the
first vessel to come to Nanwei anyway even---whatever case, I want the first
vessel to come to Nanwei”?

ANo, I did not tell her.

QNow, Mr Tan, I’m going to put a que---my case to you, you can just agree or
disagree. I put it to you, Mr Tan, that you did cancel the first fixture on
about 16th August 2012. Do you agree or disagree?

ADisagree.

45 Second, the defendant did not at any time after 1.12pm on 17 August insist
that the _Dahua_ call at Nanwei on or before 20 August 2012. While at 11.32pm
on 16 August, Mr Tan had threatened to take legal action under the first
fixture, this threat was not repeated thereafter. Instead, the defendant leapt
at the opportunity on the 17 August to get another vessel to carry the cargo.
The significance of 1.12pm on 17 August was that was the time when the
plaintiff first notified the defendant of the availability of the _AAL
Dampier_.

46 As early as 13 August, the defendant had asked the plaintiff to look for a
new vessel to replace the _Dahua_. Under the first fixture, it had no right to
do this—it was stuck with the _Dahua_ until and unless the vessel was not
ready to load in Nanwei at the end of the laycan, that is 20 August 2012. It
was only when the plaintiff’s emails on the morning of 16 August arrived that
the defendant was given the opportunity to get out of the first fixture
without incurring any potential legal liability to the plaintiff. Even if Mr
Tan did not call Ms Ong soon thereafter and say he was not willing to wait,
the defendant’s response to the plaintiff’s offer of the _AAL Dampier_ the
next day shows that it had terminated the first fixture. The defendant has
denied concluding the second fixture but there is no doubt that it was
actively exploring the suitability of the _AAL Dampier_ to carry the cargo and
went as far as instructing its shipper to load on that vessel. Whether the
second fixture was concluded or not, this conduct on the part of the defendant
coupled with its lack of interest in the _Dahua_ thereafter shows that it had
cancelled the first fixture. Of course, if the second fixture was concluded
that would mean that the first fixture was at an end as the defendant had
clearly indicated its intention to transport the cargo on the _AAL Dampier_
instead of the _Dahua_ and could not have been legally bound to do both.

47 The defendant submits that it is entitled to damages by reason of the
plaintiff’s breach of the first fixture. I accept that a theoretical right to
damages arose since the termination of the first fixture was due to the
plaintiff’s breach. However to establish a legal right to recover the same,
the defendant must show that the damages it says it incurred were the result
of the breach. I discuss this further below.

Was there a concluded second fixture?

48 The plaintiff submits that the second fixture was made on or about 17
August 2012 and that it was partly oral and partly in writing. As I have said,
the defendant denies that the second fixture was ever concluded.

49 In cases such as the present one, where parties carry on negotiations with
a view to conclude a contract, “the courts look at the whole course of the
negotiations between both parties in order to ascertain if an agreement is
reached at any given point in time”: _Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence
Peter_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 at [53].

50 As I have mentioned, from 13 August 2012 onwards, the defendant was
concerned about the progress of the _Dahua_ and whether it would arrive at
Nanwei within the laycan. From that date, the defendant had asked the
plaintiff to look for a substitute vessel. The plaintiff itself told FLS on 14
August 2012 that it did not want to extend the laycan of the _Dahua_ to 25
August and that it wanted a substitute vessel. By 16 August, both the
plaintiff and FLS had been actively pursuing other options. This was shown in
the 1.35pm e-mail on 16 August when the plaintiff informed the defendant of
two other ships it had investigated: the “ _Limco Asia_ ” which was not
suitable due to insufficient cargo space and another vessel which would be
able to load at Gaolan port on 24 August. On 17 August 2012, therefore, the
context in which the parties were operating was that they were carrying on an
active and anxious search for a vessel to replace the _Dahua_.

51 On that day, FLS informed the plaintiff that the _AAL Dampier_ was
available to transport the defendant’s cargo and asked the plaintiff if FLS
could “fix her”. FLS had to respond to the owner of the _AAL Dampier_ by 2pm
that day. The plaintiff passed the message on to the defendant in an e-mail
sent at 1.12pm on 17 August. The pertinent parts of this e-mail read:

We have found a passing vessel to load your cargoes in Nanwei Port on 20th
August (am), please confirm your acceptance. As you mentioned all the cargoes
are in the Port, please confirm that the cargoes are ready for loading
otherwise the vessel’s detention charge is US$25,000.00 per day.

…

Please reply me your acceptance by email with the vessel detention is
US$25,000.00 per day.

IF I DID NOT RECEIVE YOUR REPLY WITHIN 15 MINS, WE WILL MISS THIS VESSEL.

52 When Mr Tan was cross-examined, he gave evidence that there was a telephone
conversation between him and Ms Ong after the plaintiff’s e-mail cited above
was sent. The relevant parts of the cross-examination are reproduced below:

Q… But really, so the point is when she asked you to confirm this vessel on
17th August at 1.12pm, you confirmed it?

AConditional terms, ah.

QOn---

AConditional terms that my cargo is able to load---

QI see.

A\---and the documentation got no problems.

QOkay.

AYah.

QDid you put this in the email to her?

AEr, we were on the phone, that’s where---

QYes.

A\---Jesica is the one who send her the email---

53 Ms Winata sent out several e-mails to the plaintiff that afternoon and
evening. The first was dated at 1.51pm and it reads:

Kindly advise us your vessel specification Fast and Kindly take note cargo is
ready to load on vessel & its inside port near the ship side only.

And Kindly make sure no further delay, cargo need to load not later than 20
Aug and Pls make sure ETA SINGAPORE NOT LATER THAN 25 AUG 2012 due to LC
requirement.

54 In its submissions, the plaintiff characterises the conversation between Mr
Tan and Ms Ong as showing the defendant’s acceptance of the _AAL Dampier_
albeit based on conditional terms that that vessel would be able to load the
cargo at Nanwei. It argues that the terms of the concluded second fixture were
contained in an e-mail (which it calls the “fixture recap”) the plaintiff sent
to the defendant at 2.06pm. The e-mail stipulates some terms and general
conditions of the fixture that the parties were negotiating. However, the
defendant had not at this point given a final and unqualified expression of
assent to the terms of the plaintiff’s offer. The plaintiff had not yet
reassured the defendant about the _AAL Dampier’s_ ability to transport the
cargo. The evidence suggests that the vessel had to have an attached crane to
lift the cargo. Indeed, in two e-mails dated 17 August 2012 sent to the
plaintiff thereafter, at 2.20pm and 4.17pm, the defendant continued to ask for
additional information (_eg_ , the vessel’s “stowage plan” and some other
details).

55 The plaintiff gave the defendant the vessel’s stowage plan, its estimated
time of arrival in Nanwei and Singapore and some other details at 4.34pm the
same day. Thereafter, at 6.07pm, the plaintiff posed a number of queries to
the defendant by e-mail. The defendant responded at 6.19pm with its answer
entered in uppercase letters next to the questions. The plaintiff’s original
e-mail together with the defendant’s responses read as follows:

(AA) Please confirm that the shipper has no problem with the customs clearance
at port of Loading to have the cargoes load onboard MV “All Dampier”, If so,
we will proceed to bring the vessel to Nanwei Port as per schedule. Kindly
advise urgently. – SHIPPER CONFIRM ON THIS ISSUE.

(BB) Please inform the shipper only contact our new agent, AAL, for the
loading the cargoes onboard Mv “AAL Dampier”. Please inform them that Bruce is
no longer involved with the shipment. – ALREADY INFORMED.

(CC) Please ensure that the shipper will only be loading the cargoes onboard
MV “AAL Dampier” instead any other vessel. – NOTED, ALREADY INFORMED.

In the light of the confirmation given by the defendant in this e-mail, I am
of the view that there can be no doubt that the second fixture was concluded
by this time. The conditional acceptance given by Mr Tan over the telephone in
the afternoon had, at the latest by 6.19 pm, become an unconditional
acceptance.

56 In fact, the defendant itself acknowledged the existence of the concluded
second fixture in an e-mail it sent to ASB on 22 August 2012. ASB was the
local shipping agent the plaintiff had appointed for the _Dahua_ (but not the
_AAL Dampier_). As mentioned above, the parties encountered problems in
obtaining the shipping/customs documents for the cargo after the _AAL Dampier_
arrived at Nanwei port. These documents were needed for the _AAL Dampier_ to
berth. In the circumstances, Mr Tan wrote to Mr Gong of ASB stating the
defendant did not have a contract for the _Sea Castle_ in the following terms:

There is no way we can load our goods with the said vessel which does not have
Crane. …

Please do take note that I have a contract with AAL Dampier. I DO NOT have any
contract with your said vessel.

57 During cross-examination, Mr Tan maintained that this was not an
acknowledgment that the defendant had entered into the second fixture. He
explained that he wrote this e-mail under the instructions of Ms Ong in a
desperate bid to obtain the shipping/customs documents. However, as the
plaintiff points out, “this explanation appears nowhere in his AEIC” and
therefore does indeed appear to be an afterthought. Even if Ms Ong had advised
him to write this e-mail, it must reflect what he regarded as the true state
of affairs then (_ie_ , the parties had concluded a fixture for the _AAL
Dampier_).

58 The defendant’s second argument is that even if the second fixture was
concluded, the same was void because a fundamental term, the laycan, had not
been agreed. The plaintiff’s response is that the laycan was agreed and that
it was 19 to 20 August 2012.

59 The plaintiff referred to the “fixture recap” that it sent to the defendant
on 17 August 2012 at 2.06pm. This document states that the “time of shipment”
is 19 to 20 August 2012\. The plaintiff argues that the parties were aware
that “time of shipment” meant the laycan for the _AAL Dampier_. The
defendant’s argument is that this phrase referred to the date that the cargo
was meant to reach Singapore and that the laycan was left undecided.

60 The defendant’s argument is disingenuous. The defendant’s most urgent
concern on 17 August was to ship the cargo by 20 August. In Ms Winata’s e-mail
to the plaintiff at 1.51pm, sent out just before the defendant received the
“fixture recap”, the defendant said that the cargo had to be loaded by 20
August and that it had to reach Singapore latest by 25 August. It was not
asking for a commitment that the cargo would reach Singapore by 20 August.
When it received the “fixture recap” e-mail, the defendant must have
understood that “time of shipment” meant the period in which the vessel had to
be available for loading at the load port and did not mean the discharge of
cargo at the discharge port. Thus, when the plaintiff informed the defendant
at 4.34pm that the _AAL Dampier_ would “ETA Nanwei 19.8 PM, ETA Singapore
(Jurong) 24.8 PM”, the defendant did not protest. Instead, at 6.19pm, the
defendant confirmed that its shipper had no problem with customs clearance at
Nanwei and the cargo could be loaded on board _AAL Dampier_. The factual
matrix makes it plain that both parties intended the phrase “time of shipment”
to refer to the laycan under the second fixture.

61 In the circumstances, I am satisfied that the laycan term was agreed by the
parties and that the second fixture was not void by reason of uncertainty of
terms.

Did the AAL Dampier tender a valid NOR on 20 August 2012?

62 A valid NOR can only be given when the vessel concerned (a) has arrived at
its specified destination; (b) is in a state of readiness to load or
discharge; and (c) has fulfilled any additional requirements contained in the
charter: John Schofield, _Laytime and Demurrage_ (Informa Law & Finance, 6th
Ed, 2011) at para 3.267.

63 The defendant contends that the NOR tendered by the _AAL Dampier_ on 20
August 2012 was invalid because the vessel was not in a state of readiness to
load since it had not berthed at Nanwei on that date. Therefore, the defendant
is saying that the second fixture required the vessel to berth at Nanwei
before giving its NOR. The plaintiff argues that the NOR was valid because the
second fixture was a port charter. It contends that the _AAL Dampier_ was an
“arrived vessel” as of 20 August 2012 when it arrived at Nanwei port and was
entitled to tender its NOR then, notwithstanding the fact that it had not
berthed. It also argues that the _AAL Dampier_ could not berth on time because
the defendant had failed to secure the shipping/customs documents related to
the cargo.

64 A berth charter is one that requires a vessel to proceed to a named berth
or one that contains an express right for the charterers to nominate a berth.
A port charter is one that “requires the vessel to proceed for loading to a
named port, but not to some particular berth either specified in the charter
or by the express terms of the charter to be specified by the charterer”:
_North River Freighters, Ltd v President of India_ [1955] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 668 at
679. In a port charter, a ship is said to have “arrived” even when it is not
berthed if (a) it is within the port; and (b) it is at the immediate and
effective disposition of the charterer. The vessel will be in such a position
if it is at a place where waiting ships usually lie except in “extraordinary
circumstances” which must be proven by the charterers: _The Johanna
Oldendorff_ [1974] AC 479 at 535H.

65 In the present case, the second fixture was a port charter. This can be
deduced from the correspondence. The “fixture recap” lists the _ports_ of
loading and discharge as Nanwei and Singapore respectively. Furthermore, the
defendant unqualifiedly acceded to the plaintiff’s query if they could
“proceed to bring the vessel to Nanwei port as per schedule” in an e-mail sent
at 6.19pm on 17 August 2012. These pieces of evidence suggest that the
contractual destination was Nanwei port and not a named berth thereat. This is
in contrast to the first fixture which provided the loading port to be “Owners
Berth Nanwei Port”. Therefore, under the second fixture, the _AAL Dampier_ was
an “arrived vessel” as of 20 August 2012 when it arrived at Nanwei port. It
was entitled to tender its NOR on that date.

Consequence of a valid NOR having been tendered on 20 August 2012

66 The purpose of an NOR is to inform the charterer that loading may commence.
A valid NOR also causes the laytime to commence. Laytime is the period of time
during which the loading operation must be completed. Upon expiry of the
laytime, liability for further delay in completing loading of the vessel
shifts to the charterers: see generally Stephen Girvin, _Carriage of Goods by
Sea_ (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2011) at paras 32.22 and 32.37–32.38.

67 The second fixture does not contain a laytime clause which sets out a
specific loading time. Instead, the following provisions of the “fixture
recap” served to indicate how detention would be charged:

Cargo to be delivered/received as fast as vessel can load/discharge otherwise
detention to apply.

Time lost due to swell and/or weather and/or waiting for loading and/or
discharging berth on ships [_sic_] arrival at or off port…will be charged as
time for which detention is due.

68 The tendering of the NOR on 20 August 2012 had the effect of notifying the
defendant that the _AAL Dampier_ was ready to load. From then the liability
for any delay in loading the vessel shifted to the defendant and the time that
the vessel spent waiting to berth was on the defendant. The _AAL Dampier_ was
not loaded in the period between NOR and 23 August 2012 and did not even berth
then. On the basis of the clauses set out above, the time that the vessel
spent waiting to berth, up to the time when the defendant repudiated the
second fixture on 23 August would count as detention for which the defendant
had to pay.

What would be the position if the second fixture was a berth charter?

69 Even if the second fixture was a berth charter, the defendant’s failure of
its obligation to secure the shipping/customs documents for the cargo which
would have enabled the _AAL Dampier_ to obtain a berth and thereby become an
“arrived” vessel, makes it responsible for detention charges. In _The Atlantic
Sunbeam_ [1973] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 482 in 488, the court held that it was an
implied term of charter parties that charterers will act with “reasonable
despatch and in accordance with the ordinary practice of the port” of
loading/discharge in carrying out acts which had to be done by them to enable
the vessel to become an “arrived vessel”. _The World Navigator_ [1991] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 23 at 29 suggests that in the event of breach of this implied
term, the commencement of laytime may be antedated to the date it would have
begun but for the breach (_ie_ , the liability for delay shifts to the
charterers as of the date when the ship would have become an “arrived vessel”
but for the charterers’ breach). The term in the “fixture recap” that time
spent waiting for berth would count as detention time is also relevant in this
connection as similar clauses have been interpreted as applying only to cases
where a berth is not available.

70 The evidence here suggests that certain shipping/customs documents relating
to the cargo were required by the Nanwei port authorities for the _AAL
Dampier_ to obtain a berth. These shipping/customs documents were prepared by
the Chinese shipper of the cargo and were submitted to ASB at the time when
the first fixture was still afoot. When it became apparent that the _Dahua_
would not arrive by the cancelling date, the defendant approached Mr Gong and
requested him to look for another vessel to ship its cargo. Mr Gong in turn
approached one Mr Louis of Uptrans/Jade Shipping who secured the _Sea Castle_.
It appears that Mr Gong gave Mr Louis the shipping/customs documents.
Subsequently, Mr Louis refused to release these documents and insisted that
the cargo be loaded onto the _Sea Castle_. As a result, the _AAL Dampier_ was
unable to berth and become an arrived ship.

71 The plaintiff had informed the defendant that Austral Asia Line (“AAL”) and
not ASB was its agent for the _AAL Dampier_ as early as 17 August 2012. The
defendant had confirmed that customs clearance was in order for the _AAL
Dampier_ in an e-mail dated the same day. Yet, it seems that the defendant did
not or could not ensure that the shipping/customs documents were handed over
to AAL before the arrival of the _AAL Dampier_ at Nanwei.

72 The defendant’s contention is that the delay was caused by the plaintiff’s
lateness in applying for a berth. To this end, it adduced the following e-mail
from Mr Tan to Ms Ong:

Below is what they found out from the berthing officer.

Just double-confirm with Harbor supervisor, the vessel for loading S-608 parts
just only can berth the wharf from the afternoon of 22-Aug-2012 due to the
delay of application for berthing, which wharf was berth at another vessel.

Ms Ong was cross-examined on this issue and her responses were as follows:

Q… Do you agree that the vessel had booked this berth late?

ANo.

…

A\---er, from the email, you see from Marcus. It may---it look like it’s not
confirm. One, two---er, we couldn’t---we did not put the berth late because in
this port, for big vessel, only one berth available for berthing. Secondly,
er, the custom document for the cargo is not available for the berth.

QHave you adduced any evidence to show that---

AYes.

Q\---the berth was applied for within good time to ensure that the vessel
could berth by the 20th?

ADocument to prove, no. But when we able to berth on the 23rd, the custom
refused us to berth. Because no cargo document---

73 It is in evidence that the plaintiff had not applied for a berth before the
_AAL Dampier’s_ arrival on 20 August 2012. However, it cannot be said that it
was _late_ in applying for the berth because the plaintiff needed the
shipping/customs documents to do so. It did not have these documents as a
result of the defendant’s failure to ensure beforehand that these documents
were handed to the plaintiff’s newly appointed agents. That is the implication
of Ms Ong’s evidence: that even if the plaintiff was late, an earlier
application would have had no success because of the defendant’s breach of its
obligation to take steps that would have enabled the _AAL Dampier_ to become
an arrived vessel. The position is made even clearer by the fact that the
allotment of a berth on 23 August was cancelled due to the absence of the
shipping/customs clearance documents.

Repudiation of the second fixture

74 On 22 August 2012, with the issue of the shipping/customs documents still
unresolved, Ms Ong wrote to the defendant informing it that the _AAL Dampier_
was only expected to berth on 27 or 28 August 2012. The defendant wrote to the
plaintiff on 23 August 2012 to advise that it would be loading the cargo onto
the _Sea Castle_. By doing so, the defendant was in repudiatory breach of the
second fixture.

What remedies are the respective parties entitled to in relation to the
contractual claims?

The defendant

75 According to Mr Tan’s evidence, the defendant sustained loss and damage in
the sums of US$9,208.67 and $3,009.51 as a result of the plaintiff’s breach of
the first fixture. In his affidavit, these sums were derived as follows:

Ocean freight original quote for shipment by plaintiff  |  US$161,000.00  
---|---  
**Alternative Cost of Shipment** |   
Ocean freight from ASB Co Ltd |  US$148,000.00  
“ _Sea Castle_ ” detention charges |  US$28,000.00  
Bank remittance charges |  US$208.67  
Travelling expenses (8 – 12 August 2012) to Guangzhou, China |  S$1,671.91  
Travelling expenses (28 – 30 August 2012) to Guangzhou, China |  S$1,337.60  
**Total loss** : |  **US$9,208.67** and **S$3,009.51**  
  
  

However, there is an arithmetical error in the defendant’s calculation. On the
basis of the figures above, the total US dollar amount expended by it in
respect of the _Sea Castle_ was US$176,208.67. This means that the defendant
spent US$15,208.67 (not US$9,208.67) more than if it had shipped on the
_Dahua_.

76 It is not clear to me why the defendant incurred travel expenses between 8
and 12 August 2012, and again between 28 and 30 August 2012, and how such
expenses (as well as the bank charges) were caused by the plaintiff’s breach
of contract. Since the reason for these expenses and their connection to the
breach have not been explained, I would not, in any case, have allowed the
defendant to recover them. The defendant, however, has a bigger problem. This
is that it would not have incurred the ocean freight paid to ASB or the _Sea
Castle’s_ detention charges if it had not breached the second fixture. These
expenses arose out of its own inability to load the cargo on board the _AAL
Dampier_ and its subsequent repudiation of the second fixture. The defendant’s
additional expenses did not arise from the plaintiff’s breach of the first
fixture and therefore cannot be recovered.

The plaintiff

77 The plaintiff seeks to recover damages in the sum of US$236,000, or such
other sum as may be assessed. The figure mentioned comprises the freight on
the shipment of US$161,000 and detention charges of US$75,000 on the basis of
the agreed rate of US$25,000 per day on a pro-rata basis.

78 In my judgment, whilst the plaintiff is entitled to recover the full
quantum of the detention charges, it cannot recover the full freight it would
have charged had the cargo been loaded.

79 In relation to the detention charges, it was a term of the contract that
detention would be paid at the stated rate for the number of days the _AAL
Dampier_ was detained. The plaintiff’s claim is based on a detention period of
three days or part thereof from the service of the NOR on 20 August until the
defendant’s repudiation of the second fixture on 23 August 2012. The defendant
did not challenge the plaintiff’s computation; it only challenged the right of
the plaintiff to claim detention. This challenge was mainly premised on the
argument that there was no concluded second fixture. Since I have found
against the defendant on that point, the defendant must pay detention charges
at the agreed rate for the period stated.

80 On the damages claim, the plaintiff is not entitled to claim the full
contractual freight charges of US$161,000. The second fixture provided that
the freight was to be fully prepaid on completion of loading and to be deemed
earned as the cargo was being loaded. The cargo was not loaded. Thus, the full
freight was never earned. In the absence of a contractual entitlement to the
full freight, the plaintiff is entitled to recover damages instead. As is well
known, damages are compensatory and intended to place the innocent party in
the position it would have been in had the other party not breached the
contract. In this case, if the cargo had been loaded, the defendant would have
paid the plaintiff freight of US$161,000 but the plaintiff in turn would have
been obliged to pay FLS freight of US$155,000 for the carriage of the cargo.
Thus, the damage suffered by the plaintiff was only the loss of the US$6,000
profit that it would have made on the overall transaction. Thus, it can only
recover US$6,000 as damages for non-shipment.

81 Apart from damages, the plaintiff has prayed for an order that the
defendant indemnify it against any sum that it may be liable to pay the head
charterer (_ie_ , FLS) arising out of the defendant’s failure to ship the
cargo on the _AAL Dampier_. The plaintiff contends that it had specifically
chartered the vessel from FLS to perform the second fixture and that it now
faces a claim from FLS as a result of the defendant’s breach of the same. I
accept this argument. The plaintiff’s failure to meet its contractual
obligation to FLS in respect of the _AAL Dampier_ was due entirely to the
defendant’s breach of the second fixture. If the plaintiff’s liability to FLS
had already been ascertained, the plaintiff could recover the same from the
defendant as part of the compensatory principle. Since such liability has not
yet been determined, the plaintiff is entitled to a declaration that the
defendant must indemnify it when liability is ascertained.

Is the plaintiff liable for the tort of wrongful interference with trade?

82 The defendant has a separate counterclaim based on the assertion that the
plaintiff has committed the tort of wrongful interference with trade. The
defendant argues that two letters that the plaintiff sent to Herrenkencht on 2
and 11 October 2012 (“the two letters”), which raised the possibility of
Herrenknecht being joined as an alternate defendant to the plaintiff’s present
proceedings against the defendant, were written with an intention to injure
the defendant’s business relationship with Herrenknecht. The defendant claims
that the plaintiff knew at all times that the defendant was not acting as
Herrenknecht’s agents. Hence, there was no legal basis to include Herrenknecht
in a proceeding against it. The defendant invites the court to draw the
inference that the two letters were written with an intention to convey the
message that “the defendant could not be trusted to do Herrenknecht’s business
without legal ramifications for Herrenknecht”. The defendant claims that it
suffered loss because, subsequently, Herrenknecht failed to award it two
contracts it was expecting to receive and also barred the defendant from
participating in any future tenders.

83 To establish a claim of wrongful interference with trade, the claimant must
show that (a) the defendant has committed an unlawful act affecting a third
party; (b) the defendant acted with an intention to injured the claimant; and
(c) the defendant’s conduct in fact resulted in damage to the claimant: Gary
Chan Kok Yew & Lee Pey Woan, _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ (Academy
Publishing, 2011) at para 15.028. The defendant fails on all three counts.

84 First, the defendant has not even submitted on how the plaintiff’s acts can
be regarded as “unlawful”. Second, the defendant has not shown that the
plaintiff acted with an intention to cause loss to the defendant as an end in
itself, or as a means to an end: _OBG Ltd v Allan_ [2008] 1 AC at [42]–[43].
The plaintiff’s solicitors, Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP, drafted the two
letters. The plaintiff’s position is that the two letters were sent merely to
establish the exact relationship between the defendant and Herrenknecht and
which party it should sue. While their true intention might not have been
quite so innocuous, I am of the view that the plaintiff’s solicitors were
merely exploring all their options before commencing litigation. The defendant
has not shown that the two letters were sent with the intention to injure the
defendant’s business relationship with Herrenknecht. Third, there is no
evidence to show that the Herrenknecht discontinued its business relations
with the defendant because of the plaintiff’s conduct. In fact, by 23 August
2012, Herrenknecht had already issued a lawyer’s letter to the defendant
because of the problems encountered in shipping the cargo to Singapore.
Therefore, it is likely that relationship between the defendant and
Herrenknecht had already broken down by then. Hence, the plaintiff’s two
letters cannot be said to have caused the defendant to lose Herrenknecht’s
business.

Conclusion

85 For the reasons given above:

(a) There will be judgment for the plaintiff in the sum of US$81,000 and
interest thereon at the Court rate from the date of the writ to the date of
payment as well as an order that the defendant do indemnify the plaintiff
against any sum, including interest and costs, that the plaintiff may be found
liable to pay FLS arising out of or in connection with the charter of the _AAL
Dampier_ for the purpose of carrying the cargo from Nanwei to Singapore in
August 2012; and

(b) The defendant’s counterclaim is dismissed.

86 I will hear the parties on costs in view of the amount awarded to the
plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

