Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Abani Trading Pte Ltd _v_ BNP Paribas and another appeal  
[2014] SGHC 111

Case Number| :| District Court Appeal Nos 19 and 24 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 June 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sureshan s/o T Kulasingam (Sureshan LLC) for plaintiff;
Toh Kian Sing SC and Jonathan Wong (Rajah & Tann LLP) for defendant.  
Parties| :|  Abani Trading Pte Ltd — BNP Paribas  
  
6 June 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei JC:

Introduction

1 There are two appeals which arise from the learned District Judge’s (“the
DJ’s”) decision in District Court Suit No 403 of 2011. The first appeal,
District Court Appeal No 19 of 2013 (“DCA 19/2013”), is filed by the plaintiff
of the original action, Abani Trading Pte Ltd (“Abani”). This appeal is on the
issue of whether the defendant, BNP Paribas (“BNP”), breached its duty or the
terms of the letter of credit, and failed to exercise due care in examining
the relevant documentation that was presented to it. The second appeal,
District Court Appeal No 24 of 2013 (“DCA 24/2013”), is filed by BNP against
the DJ’s decision to award costs in favour of BNP on a _standard_ basis, as
opposed to an _indemnity_ basis. The two appeals deal with different subject
matters; the appeal in DCA 24/2013 will only be relevant if the appeal in DCA
19/2013 is dismissed. After considering the arguments made by both parties, I
am dismissing the appeal in DCA 19/2013 and allowing the appeal in DCA
24/2013. I now give the reasons for my decision.

Background facts

2 The plaintiff, Abani, is a trading company based in Singapore which carries
on the business of general wholesale trade, including the importation and
exportation of goods. The defendant, BNP, is a bank operating in Singapore.

3 The letter of credit in question was obtained in connection with the
underlying sale of a consignment of metal bars from Metal Market Dis Ticaret
Ltd Sti (“Metal Market”) to Abani. In this respect, Abani had apparently
bought the consignment of metal bars for the purpose of selling it to another
party named Codiscomad.[note: 1] One of the terms of the agreement with
Codiscomad required the goods in question to be shipped between November and
December 2008.[note: 2]

4 On 9 December 2008, Abani made the application to BNP for a letter of credit
to be issued in favour of Metal Market as the named beneficiary.[note: 3] The
letter of credit in the amount of US$80,665 was issued in favour of Metal
Market the next day on 10 December 2008. The terms of the letter of credit
provided, amongst others, that the applicable rules were the “UCP Latest
Version” and that the latest date of shipment was 30 December 2008.[note: 4]
The latter condition was probably included so as to ensure that Abani could
fulfil its contractual obligations to Codiscomad. For the purposes of this
appeal, the material clauses of the letter of credit are reproduced as
follows:[note: 5]

40E: Applicable rules

UCP LATEST VERSION

44C: Latest Date of Shipment

30-Dec-2008

46A: Documents Required

...

\+ ORIGINAL FULL SET OF CLEAN ON BOARD BILL OF LADING ISSUED BY CARRIER OR
AGENT

(FORWARDER BL NOT ACCEPTABLE.) ...

5 Given that the date of issuance was 9 December 2008, with reference to field
40E, the letter of credit was governed by the provisions of the _Uniform
Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits 2007_ (International Chamber of
Commerce Publication No 600) (“UCP 600”).

6 Subsequently, a bill of lading dated 30 December 2008 was issued by Karetta
Uluslararasi Tasimacilik Ve Dis Tic Ltd Sti (“Caretta”).[note: 6] The bill of
lading and other relevant documents were negotiated through Fortis Bank, which
then sought reimbursement from BNP. On 12 January 2009, BNP received the bill
of lading and other relevant documents from Fortis Bank.

7 After an exchange of emails and an alleged telephone call between BNP and
Abani (both parties dispute what actually transpired during the telephone
conversation), BNP eventually debited Abani’s account on 16 January 2009. It
will be recalled that the agreement with Codiscomad required the goods to be
shipped latest by December 2008. Whilst the bill of lading which had been
negotiated was dated 30 December 2008, it appears that another bill of lading
was issued later, which indicated that the shipping date was 2 January
2009.[note: 7] As a result, Codiscomad complained that Abani was in breach of
its contractual obligations due to the late shipment. Given that the market
price of the goods in question had fallen over the relevant time period, Abani
asserted that it had no choice but to settle Codiscomad’s claim by deducting a
sum of US$64,431.53 from the original sale price. Abani then brought the
action against BNP to recover the sum of US$64,431.53, or alternatively,
damages on the basis that BNP had breached its duty or the terms of the letter
of credit and had failed to exercise due care in examining the relevant
documentation before making payment.

The decision below

8 After a two-day hearing that took place on 22 and 23 January 2013, the DJ
dismissed Abani’s claim (see _Abani Trading Pte Ltd v BNP Paribas_ [2013] SGDC
243).[note: 8] In arriving at his decision, the DJ made a few key findings,
summarised as follows:

(a) Under Art 49(a) of the UCP 600, it is clear that the obligation of the
issuing bank to pay pursuant to a letter of credit is detached from the
underlying transaction on which it is based.

(b) The established exception concerning cases where the seller had made a
fraudulent presentation of documents containing material misrepresentations
was not pleaded by Abani and did not, in any event, apply to the facts of the
present case.

(c) It was not part of BNP’s duties to act on the information supplied to it
by Abani or any constructive knowledge which BNP may possibly have acquired in
the course of previous transactions involving the same parties. In fact, BNP
was prohibited from doing so pursuant to the rules set out in the UCP 600,
given that there was no evidence of fraud on the part of the seller.

(d) The bill of lading presented for negotiation, and on which payment was
made, was a conforming document given that it was not a “forwarder bill of
lading”.

(e) Abani failed to establish that it was unable to deliver the goods to
Codiscomad as there was no evidence of any attempt being made to obtain
delivery from the carrier on the strength of the bill of lading that had been
presented for negotiation. On that basis, Abani failed to prove that it had
suffered any loss as a result of BNP’s payment under the letter of credit.

(f) In the event that Abani was indeed placed in a position of having to
negotiate with Codiscomad as a result of the breach of its contractual
obligations, the settlement of US$64,431.53 was a reasonable sum.

9 After dismissing Abani’s claim on 5 June 2013, the DJ further directed both
parties to tender written submissions on the issue of whether costs in favour
of BNP should be taxed on a standard or an indemnity basis. This was because
BNP had argued that it was entitled to costs on an indemnity basis, as
provided for by cl 11.4 of BNP’s standard terms and conditions (“the
STC”),[note: 9] which governed BNP’s grant of credit facilities to Abani.
After considering the submissions of both parties, on 24 June 2013, the DJ
ordered for costs in favour of BNP to be taxed on a standard basis. Whilst the
DJ agreed with BNP that the scope of cl 11.4 of the STC was wide enough to
cover claims brought by Abani against BNP, he was of the view that BNP’s
failure to include its claim for indemnity costs in its pleadings was fatal
given that the claim was based on a contractual provision.

The issues

10 The core issues that are raised in DCA 19/2013 are as follows:

(a) whether BNP had breached its duty or the terms of the letter of credit,
and failed to exercise due care in examining the relevant documentation that
was presented to it;

(b) whether Abani had given express instructions to BNP to accept the bill of
lading presented by the seller, and to debit Abani’s account accordingly; and

(c) what losses were suffered by Abani.

11 The core issues that are raised in DCA 24/2013 are as follows:

(a) whether the DJ erred in holding that BNP was required to include in its
pleading its claim for costs on an indemnity basis, specifically cl 11.4 of
the STC;

(b) assuming that BNP was required to, whether the DJ erred in finding that
Abani would suffer prejudice as a result of BNP’s failure to include its claim
for indemnity costs in its pleadings; and

(c) assuming that BNP’s failure to include its claim in its pleadings was not
fatal, whether cl 11.4 of the STC confers a contractual right to costs on an
indemnity basis, and whether the contractual bargain between the parties
should be upheld by the court.

The appeal in DCA 19/2013

Whether BNP had breached its duty or the terms of the letter of credit, and
failed to exercise due care in examining the relevant documentation that was
presented to it

12 There is no dispute that the letter of credit in question is governed by
the UCP 600. As noted above, the documents required for payment under the
letter of credit included a full set of clean on board bill of lading issued
by _the carrier or its agent_. In fact, field 46A of the letter of credit
specifically states that a “forwarder [billing of lading]” would not be
acceptable.[note: 10]

13 Abani’s claim against BNP was based on two broad grounds. First, Abani
alleged that the bill of lading presented for negotiation was a _freight
forwarder’s_ bill of lading and thus should have been rejected for non-
compliance with field 46A of the letter of credit. Second, Abani claimed that
the bill of lading presented for negotiation was not a “true” bill of lading.
Abani argued that the “true” bill of lading only surfaced later, revealing
that the goods were shipped on 2 January 2009. This is of significance as the
letter of credit specified the latest date of shipment to be 30 December 2008.

14 In determining whether the bill of lading presented was a conforming
document, the DJ held that a relevant consideration was whether BNP was
obliged to act on any information supplied by the applicant for the letter of
credit (_ie_ , Abani), or constructive knowledge that might possibly have been
acquired in the course of previous transactions involving the same parties.
This was relevant as Abani had advanced the argument that it was common
knowledge that Caretta was a freight forwarding company. Furthermore, it was
also claimed that BNP had entered into previous transactions with Abani, also
involving letters of credit, where Delmas was the named carrier. In those
transactions, the bills of lading presented for payment were signed by CMA CGM
Shipping Agency JSC (“CMA CGM”) as agent of the carrier. Finally, Abani argued
that it had informed BNP on 13 and 15 January 2009 that Caretta was only a
freight forwarder, and was not an agent of the carrier, Delmas.

15 In respect of the earlier transactions involving BNP, Abani and Delmas,
reference was made to two bills of lading where CMA CGM had signed off as the
agent of Delmas. The first was dated 5 October 2008, and was presented by
Metal Market pursuant to an earlier letter of credit.[note: 11] The second,
which was only tendered during the course of the trial, was dated 19 October
2008.[note: 12] In that bill of lading, Delmas was also identified as the
carrier and CMA CGM was referred to as its agent. It bears noting that BNP has
disputed the authenticity of the bill of lading dated 19 October 2008. In any
event, as will be further discussed below, the relevance of these earlier
bills of lading presented under separate transactions is doubtful at best.

16 Given that the letter of credit in question was governed by the rules set
out in the UCP 600, a close examination of the relevant articles in the UCP
600 would be necessary. In this regard, Art 4(a) of the UCP 600 states that:

A credit by its nature is a _separate transaction_ from the sale or other
contract on which it may be based. Banks are in no way concerned with or bound
by such contract, even if any reference whatsoever to it is included in the
credit. Consequently, the undertaking of a bank to honour, to negotiate or to
fulfil any other obligation under the credit is not subject to claims or
defences by the applicant resulting from its relationships with the issuing
bank or the beneficiary. ...

[emphasis added]

This overriding principle of autonomy was further explained in the House of
Lords decision of _United City Merchants (Investments) Ltd v Royal Bank of
Canada_ [1983] 1 AC 168 (“ _United City Merchants_ ”) at 183:

... If, on their face, the documents presented to the confirming bank by the
seller conform with the requirements of the credit as notified to him by the
confirming bank, that bank is under a contractual obligation to the seller to
honour the credit, notwithstanding that the bank has knowledge that the seller
at the time of presentation of the confirming documents is alleged by the
buyer to have, and in fact has already, committed a breach of his contract
with the buyer for the sale of the goods to which the documents appear on
their face to relate, that would have entitled the buyer to treat the contract
of sale as rescinded and to reject the goods and refuse to pay the seller the
purchase price. The whole commercial purpose for which the system of confirmed
irrevocable documentary credits has been developed in international trade is
to give to the seller an assured right to be paid before he parts with control
of the goods that does not permit of any dispute with the buyer as to the
performance of the contract of sale being used as a ground for non-payment or
reduction or deferment of payment.

17 Beyond that, the House of Lords also recognised that there was one
established exception to this general overriding principle of autonomy. Widely
known as the “fraud exception”, it applies to cases where the seller, for the
purpose of drawing on the credit, fraudulently presents to the confirming bank
documents which contain, either expressly or by implication, material
misrepresentations of facts that to its knowledge are untrue.

18 The principle of autonomy as explained in _United City Merchants_ has also
been applied locally. In the Court of Appeal decision of _Brody, White and Co
Inc v Chemet Handel Trading (S) Pte Ltd_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 146, Lai Kew Chai J,
in delivering the judgment of the court, held at [19] that:

The main principle ... is the principle of autonomy of irrevocable credits ...
An irrevocable credit constitutes an _independent contract_ between the
issuing banker and the beneficiary, which is not affected by any
irregularities in the underlying contract in pursuance of which the credit is
issued. _This rule is crucial to the smooth functioning of the world of
international trade and trade-financing._

[emphasis added]

The Court of Appeal went on to endorse the comment made by Donaldson LJ in
_The Bhoja Trader; Intraco v Notis Shipping Corp of Liberia_ [1981] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 256 that “[t]hrombosis will occur if, unless fraud is involved, the courts
intervene and thereby disturb the mercantile practice of treating rights
thereunder as being the _equivalent of cash in hand_ ” [emphasis added].

19 As noted by the DJ, the fraud exception is inapplicable to the present case
in so far as Abani has not raised any arguments in relation to fraud on the
part of the seller. In fact, no evidence appears to have been led with regard
to the issue of fraud and the fraud exception was not, in any event, raised
during the course of this appeal. Accordingly, I see no reason to depart from
the DJ’s finding that the fraud exception was inapplicable on the case as
pleaded by Abani.

20 The central question, therefore, is whether the bill of lading presented
for negotiation was a conforming document. Abani argued that the bill of
lading ought to have been rejected for non-compliance on the basis that it was
a “forwarder bill of lading”. As discussed above, Abani claimed that BNP
should have been aware of the fact that Caretta was a freight forwarding
company by virtue of Caretta’s international repute. Abani further argued
that, in any event, BNP should have been privy to the fact that the agent of
the carrier, Delmas, was CMA CGM. This was because BNP had been involved in
previous transactions (also in relation to letters of credit) concerning
Delmas and Abani. Finally, Abani also highlighted the fact that they had
brought the above-mentioned points to BNP’s attention by way of a chain of
email communications between 13 and 15 January 2013.

21 The general principles governing a bank’s duty to examine documents
presented pursuant to a letter of credit governed by the UCP 600 are well-
known. The principle of autonomy has already been briefly referred to above. I
agree with BNP’s submissions that the principle of autonomy further gives rise
to two key implications. First, in determining whether there has been
compliance with the conditions set out in the letter of credit, banks are
confined to dealing with the documents that have been presented to them.
Second, in examining the documents that have been presented, banks do not take
into account matters or circumstances that are extraneous to the documents. It
follows that banks are generally not obliged to carry on any further
investigations into the allegations made by the applicant for the letter of
credit.

22 This view is consistent with and indeed mandated by the provisions of the
UCP 600, which governs the letter of credit in question. Article 14(a) of the
UCP 600 states unequivocally that:

A nominated bank acting on its nomination, a confirming bank, if any, and the
issuing bank must examine a presentation to determine, _on the basis of the
documents alone_ , whether or not the documents _appear on their face_ to
constitute a complying presentation.

[emphasis added]

In fact, it was observed by the Privy Council in _Westpac Banking Corporation
v South Carolina National Bank_ [1986] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 311 at 315 (“ _Westpac
Banking Corp_ ”), an appeal from the Court of Appeal of New South Wales, that
“[i]t forms no part of the bank’s function, when considering whether to pay
against documents presented to it, _to speculate about the underlying facts_ ”
[emphasis added].

23 The position set out in _Westpac Banking Corp_ is also supported by the
learned authors in Peter Ellinger & Dora Neo, _The Law and Practice of
Documentary Letters of Credit_ (Hart Publishing, 2010) at p 118, where it was
observed that the principle of determining compliance with reference to the
documents alone “highlights the principle of autonomy, whereby the examining
bank is not supposed to take into account extraneous matters, such as the
beneficiary’s behaviour in relation to the underlying contract”. This is also
in line with Art 34 of the UCP 600, which states that a “bank assumes no
liability or responsibility for the form, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness,
falsification or legal effect of any document”.

24 There is a commercial rationale for such a strict view of the bank’s duty
to examine the documents presented for payment. It is driven by the
consideration that any obligation placed on the issuing bank to investigate
the underlying facts of the transaction would effectively alter the commercial
character of the letter of credit, from one of payment on demand, to one of
payment only after being convinced or compelled to pay. In any event, it must
be recognised that the bank examining the documents often does not possess the
requisite expertise or tools to investigate, inspect or inquire into the truth
of the representations which appear on the face of the documents. In fact, it
was observed in James E Byrne _et al_ , _UCP600: An Analytical Commentary_
(Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, 2010) at p 1254 that:

... There is _absolutely no duty_ on the part of a letter of credit bank,
whether an issuing bank or confirming bank, to _investigate the veracity or
accuracy of representations contained in the documents that are presented
under a letter of credit, to investigate claims made by the applicant_ , or to
not honor a complying presentation when claims of fraud are made. Insofar as
there is a “duty” as regards allegations, it might be said to be the opposite,
namely to _focus on the documents alone and to disregard any allegations
related to the underlying transaction._ ... The risk of the fraudulent or
false character of the documents rests with the applicant.

[emphasis added]

25 In its submissions, Abani drew the court’s attention to a bill of lading
that it received from Delmas on or about 23 January 2009, which was issued by
CMA CGM as agent for Delmas.[note: 13] This bill of lading was issued on 2
January 2009 and has been referred to by Abani as the “true” bill of lading.
To this end, Abani pointed out that the date of issuance for this “true” bill
of lading is after the latest date of shipment as indicated in field 44C of
the letter of credit (_ie_ , 30 December 2008). In the course of this appeal,
Abani also referred to an email from Delmas dated 20 February 2013, where it
was stated that Caretta was not an agent for Delmas at the relevant
time.[note: 14]

26 However, it bears noting at this juncture that even if it is established
that the agent for Delmas was CMA CGM, and not Caretta, that does not
necessarily mean that BNP had failed in its duty to properly examine the
relevant documents before making payment. On the face of the bill of lading
itself, it is undisputed that Caretta had signed off as agent for the carrier.
In these circumstances, the fact that Caretta was _not_ an agent of Delmas
(which is disputed) is an underlying fact which BNP may not have been required
to investigate, taking into account the various authorities cited above.

27 Furthermore, it will be recalled that BNP had debited the amount due under
the letter of credit from Abani’s account on 16 January 2009. This occurred
well before the point in time when Abani received what has been referred to as
the “true” bill of lading from Delmas ([25] above). At the time of deduction,
the only bill of lading that had been presented to BNP under the letter of
credit (and on the basis of which Fortis Bank had negotiated the bill of
lading) was the bill of lading stating the shipment date as 30 December 2008.
Under such circumstances, I am of the view that the subsequent communications
between the relevant parties and the surfacing of the “true” bill of lading is
of limited relevance to the core issue of whether BNP failed to properly
examine the bill of lading that had been presented for payment. In arriving at
this view, I note that Art 7(c) of the UCP 600 clearly states that an “issuing
bank undertakes to reimburse a nominated bank that has honoured or negotiated
a complying presentation and forwarded the documents to the issuing bank”.
Further, Art 15(a) of the UCP 600 provides in no less uncertain terms that
“[w]hen an issuing bank determines that a presentation is complying, it _must_
honour” [emphasis added].

28 Moving on, Abani, in its submissions, sought to distinguish the House of
Lords decision of _United City Merchant_ on the basis that the present case
does not involve any dispute or breach of the underlying sale transaction. It
was further argued that the fact that Caretta carried on the business of
freight forwarding was general knowledge and that BNP must have realised
through its previous transactions involving the same parties that a different
company had signed as agent for Delmas. Abani was of the view that these facts
are directly relevant to the question of whether the bill of lading presented
was a compliant document. Abani further submitted that in examining the
documents for compliance with the terms of the letter of credit, the bank was
under a duty to exercise its judgment, banking experience and general
knowledge. In making this submission, Abani relied on the observations made by
the learned authors in Ali Malek & David Quest, _Jack: Documentary Credits_
(Tottel Publishing, 4th Ed, 2009) (“ _Jack: Documentary Credits_ ”) at para
8.21. On this basis, it was argued that BNP ought to have relied on its
banking experience to realise that the bill of lading was not compliant as it
was signed by Caretta, which was not the named agent in previous transactions
involving Abani, BNP and the same carrier, Delmas. It was also submitted that
in exercising its judgment, experience and general knowledge, BNP should have
applied the knowledge that it had acquired from the emails sent by Abani,
stating that Caretta was only a freight forwarder and that the bill of lading
was a “forwarder bill of lading”.

29 I am unable to agree with Abani’s submissions for the following reasons. At
the outset, it must be recognised that Abani’s reliance on the specific
extract from _Jack: Documentary Credits_ is doubtful at best. To understand
the context in which that statement was made, it will be necessary to set out
at length para 8.21 in _Jack: Documentary Credits_ that was referred to by
Abani:

Despite this, it must be recognised that the bank’s duty is not to engage in a
merely mechanical proof-reading exercise but to use its judgment, banking
experience and general knowledge to test compliance. For example, a credit may
call for documents evidencing shipment to ‘any European port’. A bank can
safely accept a bill of lading showing goods consigned to Rotterdam and safely
reject one showing goods consigned to Singapore without requiring documentary
proof of the fact that the former port is in Europe and the latter is not.
_Other cases may be less clear-cut and there must remain some doubt as to
where exactly the dividing line falls between a fact which a bank can be
expected to know, or to look up in an atlas, and one which it is not required
to investigate._

[emphasis added]

In this regard, it was clearly recognised by the learned authors that there
may be cases that are less clear-cut and there remains some doubt as to where
the line ought to be drawn. On one end of the spectrum, there are facts which
a bank can be expected to know. As highlighted in the extract above, the fact
that Singapore is not in Europe would clearly fall within the scope of general
knowledge that a bank must be expected to take into account of when examining
the relevant documents for compliance. But the example raised in the extract
above is far removed from the facts and circumstances of the present case. To
that end, it appears to be a stretch to argue that the fact that Caretta was
_not_ an agent of Delmas falls within the scope of facts that “a bank can be
expected to know”.

30 In the present case, the bill of lading that was presented to BNP referred
to Delmas as the carrier. Furthermore, in the box towards the bottom of the
bill of lading, Caretta’s name and stamp appear below the words “AS AGENT ON
BEHALF OF THE CARRIER”.[note: 15] In this regard, the point that the bank must
use its banking experience, knowledge and judgment means nothing more and
nothing less than the fact that the bank must exercise a certain degree of
commercial common sense when examining the presented documents for conformity.
It does not mean that a bank is thereby subjected to the duty to investigate
the veracity of the representations appearing on the face of the document. As
a corollary to that, it follows that a bank should not be subjected to the
duty to check the documents presented in the current transaction against
similar documents presented in previous transactions. Adopting such a position
will only serve to place a considerable burden on the shoulders of the bank,
which is inconsistent with the practice and established principles pertaining
to documentary credits.

31 Furthermore, the fact that the bill of lading issued by Delmas was signed
by CMA CGM in previous transactions involving Abani and BNP is largely
immaterial. To this end, it is well established that each letter of credit
transaction is a separate and autonomous transaction: see _Rafsanjan Pistacho
Producers Co-operative v Bank Leumi_ [1992] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 513. The fact that
CMA CGM had signed as agent for Delmas in previous transactions does not mean
that BNP was therefore obligated in the present transaction to reject _any_
bill of lading which did not reflect CMA CGM as agent for Delmas. In any
event, there is no evidence to suggest that Delmas only used one agent and no
other. Whether Caretta was, in fact, an agent of the carrier, Delmas, would
more likely fall on the other end of the spectrum, in the category of facts
that the bank would not be required to investigate beyond the face of the
documents.

32 In relation to the issue of whether the bill of lading was compliant with
the conditions set out in the letter of credit, Abani argued that the bill of
lading presented for payment was not compliant because it was issued by
Caretta in its capacity as a freight forwarder. As explained above, this was
expressly prohibited by field 46A of the letter of credit in question. To
support its claim, Abani has referred to Art 20(a) of the UCP 600, which
states that:

A bill of lading, however named, must appear to:

i. indicate the name of the carrier and be signed by:

\- the carrier or a named agent for or on behalf of the carrier, or

\- the master or a named agent for or on behalf of the master.

Any signature by the carrier, master or agent must be identified as that of
the carrier, master or agent.

Any signature by an agent must indicate whether the agent has signed for or on
behalf of the carrier or for or on behalf of the master.

The complaint by Abani was that Caretta merely signed as “agent of the
carrier”, as opposed to signing as “agent of the _named_ carrier”, which was
Delmas. In other words, Abani was of the view that in order for the document
to be compliant, the entity signing as an agent must specifically state that
it was signing as the agent of Delmas. Furthermore, Abani also pointed out
that the bill of lading did not carry the Delmas logo and that it was not
printed on Delmas’ letterhead. It bears noting, however, that Delmas was
clearly named as the carrier in the middle of the first page of the bill of
lading.[note: 16]

33 I am unable to agree with the position adopted by Abani. The terms of the
letter of credit and the UCP 600 do not dictate the precise form, arrangement
or sequence in which the required information and details are to be set out in
the bill of lading. In fact, Art 20(a) of the UCP 600 demonstrates the
overriding concern for substance over form with the opening words: “A bill of
lading, _however named_ , must appear to ...”. I accept BNP’s submissions that
there is no express requirement in the UCP 600 which governs the specific
position of the carrier’s name on the face of the bill of lading. The fact
that the bill of lading was not printed with the carrier’s letterhead does not
in any way render it non-compliant with either the terms of the letter of
credit or the provisions of the UCP 600.

34 Counsel for BNP also referred to a position paper issued by the
International Chamber of Commerce, Commission on Banking Technique and
Practice, _Position Papers No 1, 2, 3, 4 on UCP 500_ (1 September 1994) at p 4
(“the ICC Position Paper”). The ICC Position Paper stated that in so far as
the word “carrier” has been used on the front of the document to identify the
party acting as carrier, there is no need for the name of the carrier to be
placed where the agent is signing on the carrier’s behalf. On the facts of the
present case, there is no dispute that Delmas has been identified as the
carrier on the front of the bill of lading. Therefore, the fact that the words
“AS AGENT ON BEHALF OF THE CARRIER” appeared directly above the signature and
Caretta’s name and stamp would suffice. Contrary to what Abani has argued,
there is no requirement for the carrier to be named specifically at the
location where the agent signs off the bill of lading, in so far as the
carrier is already named elsewhere on the front of the bill of lading. Whilst
it is recognised that the ICC Position Paper was issued in relation to the UCP
500, it appears that the relevant provisions in the UCP 500 are the same as
those found in the UCP 600. That being so, I see no reason to depart from the
DJ’s finding that the bill of lading was, on its face, compliant, given that
it was signed by Caretta as agent of the carrier and that Delmas was clearly
identified as the carrier on the front of the bill of lading.

35 Apart from that, there was also significant dispute over the interpretation
of the phrase “forwarder bill of lading” or “freight forwarder’s bill of
lading”. In this respect, whilst it was accepted that these terms were not
defined specifically in the UCP 600, Abani submitted that they were generally
understood to mean a bill of lading issued by a freight forwarder in its
capacity as a freight forwarder, and not as an agent for the carrier.

36 To this end, it must not be overlooked that where a freight forwarder is
engaged in the process of arranging for carriage of goods by sea, it may
perform a variety of roles. In many circumstances, the freight forwarder may
be acting as an agent of the cargo owner or the shipper of the goods. The
freight forwarder will often not be the actual carrier of the goods. In
certain cases, whilst the freight forwarder is not the actual carrier, it may
have entered into a contract of carriage as the contractual carrier.
Alternatively, there may also be occasions where the freight forwarder, whilst
not the carrier or the contracting carrier, signs the bill of lading in its
capacity as an agent for and on behalf of the carrier. In other words, there
is no reason in principle as to why a freight forwarder is unable to act as an
agent of the carrier in signing the bill of lading. Whether the freight
forwarder had signed as an agent of the carrier very much depends on the
precise arrangement between the relevant parties. In cases where the freight
forwarder signs as an agent of the carrier, the bill of lading will, in form
and in substance, be considered a “normal” bill of lading evidencing a
contract of carriage between the shipper and the carrier. It will not be
considered a “freight forwarder’s bill of lading”.

37 In this regard, the nature and function of a “normal” bill of lading is
well-known. It serves as evidence of the contract of carriage, as a receipt
for the goods and as a document of title: see generally Tan Lee Meng, _The Law
in Singapore on Carriage of Goods by Sea_ (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 1994) at
chapter 6. As the learned author in Stephen Girvin, _Carriage of Goods by Sea_
(Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2011) (“ _Carriage of Goods by Sea_ ”)
explains at para 3.21, a bill of lading that is signed by a freight forwarder
in its capacity as a freight forwarder is not strictly considered a bill of
lading. Such bills of lading are often referred to as “house bills of lading”
or “freight forwarder bills of lading”. In such cases, the freight forwarder
will likely be acting in the capacity of an agent for the _shipper_ to enter
into a contract of carriage. Whilst “house bills of lading” and “freight
forwarder bills of lading” serve as evidence of receipt of the goods, they are
not considered documents of title to the goods and thus are not transferable
by indorsement. Where a bill of lading is required to serve the three
functions of a “normal” bill of lading as elaborated above, it follows that it
would be important to ensure that the bill of lading is not merely a “freight
forwarder bill of lading”.

38 Accordingly, whether an entity which carries on the general business of a
freight forwarder signs the bill of lading in its capacity as a freight
forwarder or as an agent for the carrier depends entirely on the facts and
circumstances of each case. As discussed in the paragraph above, a freight
forwarder can engage in a variety of roles in the carriage of goods. In fact,
as pointed out in _Carriage of Goods by Sea_ at para 3.23, a freight forwarder
may sign and act as the principal. In such cases, the freight forwarder, by
virtue of custom or express terms, will usually have the right to employ
subcontractors to perform the carriage.

39 In the final analysis, there is thus no legal impediment or reason why a
freight forwarder is unable to sign the bill of lading as an agent of the
_carrier_ , as opposed to an agent for the _shipper_. In arriving at this
conclusion, I have also considered the opinion released by the International
Chamber of Commerce Banking Commission (“ICCBC”), set out in Gary Collyer &
Ron Katz, _ICC Banking Commission Opinions 2009–2011: New Opinions on UCP 600
and 500, ISBP, URC and URDG_ (International Chamber of Commerce, 2011) at pp
39–40. In that opinion, the ICCBC was asked to address the issue of whether
several variations on the phrase “forwarders bill of lading not acceptable”
had any meaning in terms of the UCP 600. At the outset, the ICCBC acknowledged
that in the context of the UCP 600 and letters of credit, the term “freight
forwarder bills of lading” has no meaning, whether in respect of them being
allowed or not allowed. In this regard, where freight forwarder transport
documents are expressly stated to be not acceptable, as in the present case,
the term remains “ambiguous and does not clearly define the type of document
that would be acceptable”. More pertinently, the ICCBC further noted that:

None of the UCP 600 transport articles refer to the party that is to “issue”
the respective transport document. The requirement is that the document must
comply with the content of the applicable article and that the document may be
“however named”. In addition, sub-article 14(l) states “[A] transport document
may be issued by any party other than a carrier, owner, master or charterer
provided that the transport document meets the requirements of articles 19,
20, 21, 22, 23 or 24 of these rules.” _It therefore follows that issuance of a
transport document by a freight forwarder is an established and acceptable
practice under the UCP._ It should not be forgotten that irrespective of the
issuer, one of the stated requirements in the referenced articles, with the
exception of article 22, is that the document indicate the name of the carrier
and be signed by the carrier, the master (in respect of articles 19, 20 and
21) or _a named agent for or on behalf of the carrier_ or the master.

[emphasis added]

It bears noting that with reference to the bill of lading in the present case,
Caretta had signed as a named agent for the carrier, Delmas.

40 More importantly, it must also be recognised that in cases where a bill of
lading is signed by a freight forwarder, the issue of whether the freight
forwarded had signed the bill of lading in its capacity as a freight forwarder
or as agent for the carrier would very much depend on the precise arrangement
between the relevant parties to the transaction. The parties may include the
freight forwarder, the shipper or the carrier. In this regard, the bank
examining the transport documents presented for payment will be ill-equipped
to determine the precise legal status of the signing party (_ie_ , the
capacity it is acting under). This glaring problem was also alluded to in the
opinion of the ICCBC referred to in the previous paragraph. The ICCBC
recognised that terms which exclude freight forwarder transport documents do
not clearly define the type of document that would be acceptable. More
pertinently, it was recognised that a “document examiner will not be in a
position to determine the status of the party signing when it signs as
carrier”. The same principle would apply to cases where the party signs as a
named agent for or on behalf of the carrier, such as in the present case. In
these circumstances, it will be impractical to impose such an onerous duty on
the bank to investigate the legal status of the signing party when it is not
privy to the arrangements entered into by the parties to the shipping
transaction.

41 In referring to the opinions and papers released by the ICCBC, I am
reminded that whilst these documents are not strictly legally binding, they
are often regarded as representative of the views of experts in this
particular area of law, and are also regularly accepted by the courts. In the
English decision of _Fortis Bank SA/NV v Indian Overseas Bank_ [2010] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 641, Hamblen J observed at [46] that:

Both parties also referred to Opinions of the ICC Banking Commission in
support of their arguments. These opinions are of _persuasive weight_ , as
explained in _Brindle and Cox_ at paragraph 8-005:

“The Commission has stated that its Opinions “reflect international practice
in their interpretations of the stated circumstances and/or documents
presented ... aim to encourage uniformity of practice ... [and] ... serve as
guideposts to courts interpreting ICC rules ...” These materials are not of
course legally binding as a matter of English law, but as time goes on it
seems increasingly likely that the English Courts will regard them as having
considerable weight”.

[emphasis added]

In this regard, I am of the view that whilst the papers and opinions issued by
the ICCBC are not legally binding, they ought to be given persuasive weight in
so far as they reflect international practice in this specialist area of law.

42 At this juncture, it will be useful to address the related issue of the
decision released under the framework of the International Chamber of
Commerce’s Documentary Credit Dispute Resolution Expertise (“DOCDEX”) in the
present case. In this regard, following the commencement of the suit by Abani,
BNP submitted a request for a DOCDEX decision to the International Chamber of
Commerce’s International Centre for Expertise. In the present case, Abani
declined to participate in the DOCDEX process and it must be noted that Abani
was not bound to participate in any event. Pursuant to the DOCDEX framework,
decisions will only be binding if both parties have so agreed.

43 Nonetheless, BNP proceeded with the DOCDEX process and the panel of experts
eventually released a unanimous decision on 16 August 2011.[note: 17] Two
major findings were made by the panel in the DOCDEX decision. First, the panel
found the bill of lading presented to BNP for payment to be compliant with the
requirements of the letter of credit in question.[note: 18] Second, the panel
was of the view that BNP was not obliged to investigate Abani’s claims
pertaining to the signature of the bill of lading by Caretta.[note: 19]

44 At the outset, it must be recognised that I am not in any way bound by the
DOCDEX decision that has been placed before me. Nonetheless, similar to the
opinions and papers released by the ICCBC, I am of the view that the DOCDEX
decision is of persuasive value. In the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Fortis Bank SA/NV v Indian Overseas Bank_ [2011] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 33 (“ _Fortis
Bank (CA)_ ”), Thomas LJ, in delivering the judgment of the court, observed at
[29]–[30] that:

In my view, a court must recognise the international nature of the UCP and
approach its construction in that spirit. ... It is intended to be a self-
contained code for those areas of practice which it covers and to reflect good
practice and achieve consistency across the world. Courts must therefore
interpret it in accordance with its underlying aims and purposes reflecting
international practice and the expectations of international bankers and
international traders so that it underpins the operation of letters of credit
in international trade. A literalistic and national approach must be avoided.

I turn therefore to consider first the commercial practice of international
bankers and traders which arises when an issuing bank rejects documents, as
that is essential to identify any underlying aim and purpose relevant to the
issue.

45 In considering the commercial practice of international bankers and
traders, the English Court of Appeal referred to, amongst others, DOCDEX
Decision 242. It was further acknowledged at [34] that:

... DOCDEX decisions are decisions by experts selected by an ICC committee
from a list maintained by an ICC committee from a list maintained by the ICC
Banking Commission on disputes referred for non-binding resolution according
to the ICC DOCDEX Rules. ...

In this regard, although it was accepted that DOCDEX decisions were not
legally binding, it is of significance that the English Court of Appeal was
prepared to treat the DOCDEX decisions as evidence of international commercial
practice.

46 Given the underlying rationale of the need for uniformity and consistency
in the interpretation of the UCP 600, I am of the view that the decisions,
papers and opinions of the ICCBC are of persuasive value. The remarks made by
the learned authors in _Jack: Documentary Credits_ on this point are
particularly apposite:

... From time to time the Commission publishes their decisions or opinions on
questions concerning the UCP, most recently _Collected Opinions 1995­–2001_.
These represent the views of considerable experts, and it is suggested that
they should be given substantial weight by a court in accordance with the
merits of the particular decision. They are often explanatory of the thinking
behind the UCP, and they illustrate banking practice. ...

47 Whilst it may be argued that the comments of Thomas LJ in _Fortis Bank
(CA)_ were directed towards the issue of relevance of international commercial
practice when an issuing bank rejects the presented documents, I am of the
view that the same principles apply in cases where the issuing bank has
accepted the presented documents as being compliant and this decision is
subsequently contested by the applicant for the letter of credit. Furthermore,
I also acknowledge the fact that in considering the DOCDEX decision, it must
not be overlooked that Abani had elected not to participate or to respond to
the reference. The panel of experts would therefore not have had the benefit
of arguments from Abani. Nonetheless, I am of the view that the DOCDEX
decision is still of some persuasive value. Further, there have been no
allegations that BNP had presented its case to the panel in an unfair or
underhand manner. In fact, it must be recognised that a large part of the
decision-making process depended upon the close examination of the relevant
documents, such as the letter of credit and the bill of lading. Apart from
that, BNP had also submitted the email exchange between itself and Abani for
the expert panel’s consideration. In the circumstances, I am of the view that
Abani’s lack of participation does not render the entire DOCDEX decision
useless.

48 In any event, I also note that this is not the first time that a DOCDEX
decision has been referred to in subsequent litigation, where one party had
elected not to participate in the DOCDEX process. In the case of _Mizuho
Corporate Bank Ltd v Woori Bank_ [2004] SGHC 219, the defendant had declined
to participate in the DOCDEX process that was initiated by the plaintiff. At
the hearing before AR Vincent Leow, the defendant argued that no weight should
be placed on the DOCDEX decision on the basis that it had not participated in
the DOCDEX process. Nevertheless, AR Leow was of the view that after taking
into account the fact that the DOCDEX decision was reached on essentially an
_ex parte_ basis, the decision would still have some persuasive value and it
was treated as such. On this basis, it was noted that the DOCDEX decision
echoed the view which the learned Assistant Registrar arrived at with regard
to the interpretation of a clause in the letter of credit.

49 Similarly, in the present case, it is noted that the DOCDEX decision is
consistent with the decision that I have arrived at after a careful
consideration of all the surrounding facts and circumstances. For the
avoidance of doubt, the decision to dismiss Abani’s appeal is not based solely
on the DOCDEX decision. In fact, as mentioned above, it must be emphasised
that the DOCDEX decision is not legally binding.

50 By way of summary, I am of the view that BNP has not breached its duty or
the terms of the letter of credit, and that it has not failed to exercise due
care in examining the relevant documentation that was presented to it.

Whether Abani had given express instructions to BNP to accept the bill of
lading presented by the seller, and to debit Abani’s account accordingly

51 Having decided in favour of BNP on the first issue, there is strictly no
need to consider the second issue on whether Abani had ratified or confirmed
BNP’s decision to accept the bill of lading. Furthermore, this issue was not
dealt with by the DJ as he had arrived at the decision that the bill of lading
was, in any event, a conforming document. Nevertheless, given that both
parties have made submissions on the issue of ratification, I will make some
passing observations on this particular issue.

52 In brief, BNP submitted that after receiving the relevant documents from
the negotiating bank, Fortis Bank, its officers proceeded to check the
relevant documents for compliance with the terms of the letter of credit. The
documents presented were assessed to be compliant and this decision was
communicated to Abani on 12 January 2009. To this end, BNP submitted that it
had also faxed copies of the relevant documents to Abani. Thereafter, a series
of exchanges took place between BNP and Abani, where there appeared to be a
divergence of opinion as to whether the relevant documents were compliant. In
spite of that, BNP proceeded to debit Abani’s account for the value of the
letter of credit on 16 January 2009.

53 According to Abani, it had received an email from BNP on 16 January 2009 at
3.05pm, stating that its account would be debited that very day. This was
followed by a telephone conversation between the representatives of each
party. In this respect, both parties are at variance as to what actually
transpired during the telephone conversation. According to Abani, its
representative was informed that BNP had already debited Abani’s account
pursuant to BNP’s earlier email that was sent at 3.05pm. Therefore, Abani had
“no choice but to accept the situation” and it was alleged by Abani that its
representative had made it clear to BNP’s representative that Abani would be
reserving its rights in full against BNP. Meanwhile, BNP’s position was that
Abani’s argument that it had made it clear that it would be reserving its
rights was “little more than an afterthought which ought to be rejected”. In
support, BNP referred to an email sent by Abani to BNP on 16 January 2009 at
6.18pm, reproduced as follows:[note: 20]

Dear Kevin,

Following my discussion with Charles, please accept the documents and debit
our account.

Best regards,

Jayes

On this basis, BNP argued that the email amounted to a ratification or
confirmation by Abani of BNP’s decision to accept the documents that had been
presented for payment. BNP further argued that in any event, the email
contained unequivocal instructions by Abani for BNP to accept the documents
and make payment pursuant to the letter of credit. On this basis, BNP
submitted that Abani had waived its rights against BNP.

54 Whilst it is accepted that in appropriate cases, issues of ratification,
waiver or estoppel may arise in relation to disputes over monies being debited
pursuant to payments for letters of credit, the absence of any finding by the
DJ on what actually transpired during the telephone conversation complicates
the entire matter. In this respect, whether Abani had reserved its rights
against BNP is a relevant factor in determining whether there is any merit to
BNP’s arguments concerning ratification, waiver or estoppel. In the absence of
any such finding, coupled with the fact that I have already decided that there
was no breach on the part of BNP, no further comments will be made on the
submissions by BNP. In any event, the issue of ratification, waiver or
estoppel is strictly irrelevant given that BNP had not breached its duties or
the terms of the letter of credit.

The losses suffered by Abani

55 Before moving on to BNP’s cross-appeal in respect of the claim for costs on
an indemnity basis, it will be convenient to briefly address some points which
arose in relation to the losses claimed by Abani in the present case.

56 To this end, it will be recalled that the DJ arrived at the finding that
even in the event that the bill of lading presented was discrepant, Abani had
failed to prove that they suffered any loss as a result of BNP’s payment under
the letter of credit. In particular, it was noted that there was no evidence
of any attempt by Abani to obtain delivery of the goods from the carrier on
the strength of the bill of lading. Nonetheless, the DJ acknowledged that in
the event that the loss could be attributable to BNP’s breach, the sum of
US$64,431.53 was a reasonable settlement by Abani.

57 In the present appeal, BNP submitted that the loss had not been established
on three broad grounds. First, it was argued that there was no evidence of the
settlement agreement entered into between Abani and Codiscomad. Furthermore,
there was no evidence that Abani had actually paid the settlement amount to
Codiscomad. Second, BNP argued that Abani’s claim was fundamentally flawed as
no causal connection had been established between BNP’s alleged breach under
the letter of credit and the loss suffered by Abani in its sale contract with
Codiscomad. To this end, even if it is accepted that Metal Market had indeed
shipped the goods late, that late shipment would have been the true cause of
the loss suffered by Abani under its sale contract with Codiscomad. Third, BNP
also advanced the argument that the loss claimed by Abani in respect of the
sub-sale to Codiscomad was too remote under the principle of remoteness
established in the seminal decision of _Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch 341.
In this regard, BNP argued that there was no evidence to establish that it had
known of Abani’s intention to sub-sell the goods in question. On this basis,
the loss suffered by Abani in the sub-sale would be too remote.

58 In the circumstances, given that I have arrived at the decision that there
was no breach on the part of BNP, it is not necessary for me to make a finding
on whether the settlement sum represents the true loss suffered by Abani or
whether the loss was caused by BNP’s alleged breach. That said, it must be
emphasised that the issues concerning causation and remoteness of damage have
to be carefully dealt with. This is especially so in the context of
international trade where goods are often sold and re-sold to multiple
parties. In these circumstances, multiple contracts between different
contracting parties are likely to be involved. This would include, amongst
others, the underlying sale contract (including sub-sale contracts), the
contract of carriage of goods, and the financing agreement (_eg_ , letters of
credit).

59 Whilst these contracts are often related to one another, it must be
recognised that each contract carries its own bundle of obligations and
duties. To this end, the breach of one contract may result in losses being
suffered under another contract, such as where the carrier causes damage to
cargo which has been sold or sub-sold to another buyer. In some cases, the
causal link between the losses may be less clear.

60 In the present case, assuming that all of Abani’s assertions have been
established, there would have been two separate breaches. First, the sale
contract between Metal Market and Abani would have been breached in respect of
the stipulated contractual date of shipment. Second, there would have been a
breach on the part of BNP when it accepted the discrepant bill of lading in
respect of that shipment. Clearly, the breach on the part of Metal Market
would have the effect of placing Abani in breach of its contractual
obligations with Codiscomad. Subject to the principle of remoteness, the loss
under the sub-sale with Codiscomad may well have been recoverable if a claim
had been brought against Metal Market. In this regard, the only remaining
question is whether Abani is able to establish that the losses it sustained
under the sub-sale agreement were caused or contributed to by BNP’s alleged
breach under the letter of credit. For the avoidance of doubt, I am not making
any finding on the issues of causation and remoteness. The point being made is
that such issues pertaining to losses have to be addressed with care when
there are multiple interrelated contracts, which are commonplace in the
context of modern international trade.

61 For the reasons above, I dismiss Abani’s appeal in DCA 19/2013.

The appeal in DCA 24/2013

62 I now move on to deal with BNP’s appeal against the DJ’s decision to award
costs in favour of BNP on a _standard_ basis, as opposed to an _indemnity_
basis. In brief, BNP’s claim for indemnity costs is premised on cl 11.4 of the
STC, which applies to the issuance of the letter of credit in question. To
this end, it is noted that cl 13 of the letter of credit application form
specifically provides, amongst others, that the application was subject to the
terms set out in the STC and that the applicant confirms receipt of a copy of
the same. For the purpose of this appeal, the relevant portion of cl 11.4 of
the STC is reproduced as follows:[note: 21]

The Borrower shall _fully indemnify and keep indemnified_ the Bank (at its
head office and any and all branches of the Bank), its agents, sub-agents,
Affiliates and every director, officer, employee or agent of any of the
foregoing against _any and all losses, damages, reasonable costs and expenses
(including but not limited to legal costs on a full indemnity basis)_ ,
charges, actions, suits, proceedings, orders, warrants, injunctions, claims or
demands which may be brought against any of them or which any of them may
suffer or incur _in connection with or arising from (i) the provision of any
Facilities_ or the Borrower’s account(s) held with the Bank or its Affiliates,
or (ii) any transaction referable to, involving or relating to the Borrower or
the Facilities or the Borrower’s account(s) held with the Bank or its
Affiliates ... _save where the same arises directly from their respective
gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud_. ...

[emphasis added]

Whether a claim for costs on an indemnity basis has to be specifically pleaded

63 The first issue is in relation to the DJ’s finding that BNP had failed to
include its claim for indemnity costs in its pleadings. Therefore, given that
there was no mention of cl 11.4 of the STC in its pleadings, it was held that
BNP could not rely on that particular clause to support its claim against
Abani for costs on an indemnity basis.

64 In the present appeal, BNP has submitted that there is no requirement for
issues pertaining to costs to be pleaded specifically. To this end, BNP has
referred to O 18 r 15 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), which
states that:

A statement of claim must state specifically the relief or remedy which the
plaintiff claims; but _costs need not be specifically claimed_.

[emphasis added]

Apart from that, BNP has also referred to D B Casson, _Odgers on High Court
Pleading and Practice_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 23rd Ed, 1991), where the learned
author commented at p 148 that “[i]t is unnecessary for either party to plead
any matter, or to plead to any matter, which merely affects costs”.

65 In further support of its arguments that there was no need for issues
regarding costs to be specifically pleaded, BNP has also cited an extract from
Jack Jacob & Iain S. Goldrein, _Pleadings: Principles and Practice_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 1990) at p 92:

_Costs need not be specifically claimed_ , nor is it strictly necessary to ask
for “general or other relief,” since the court will grant the plaintiff the
remedies to which he appears to be entitled, provided it is not “inconsistent
with that relief which is expressly asked for.”

[emphasis added]

It was also argued by BNP that matters relating to costs are, in any event,
not material facts. In this respect, it was submitted that there was no need
for BNP to include its claim for indemnity costs in its pleadings, in so far
as it was only required to plead in its defence facts which it intended to
rely on to meet Abani’s claim.

66 At the outset, I do accept the existence of the general principle that it
is unnecessary to plead any matter which merely affects costs, or to
specifically plead any claim for costs. However, I also note that BNP’s claim
for indemnity costs is premised entirely on a _contractual provision_
governing the relationship between both parties. To that end, I am of the view
that it would be prudent for a party to specifically plead the term of the
contract it intends to rely on, in order to avoid any arguments that the other
party was taken by surprise or was prejudiced as a result of the lack of
notice. Including the specific term of the contract in one’s pleading will
allow the other party to make an informed decision at the early stages of the
trial as to whether there is a need to adduce evidence to address the
enforceability or applicability of that particular contractual provision.

67 In the High Court decision of _Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd_
[2008] 1 SLR(R) 237 (“ _Susilawati_ ”), the defendant bank had asked for
indemnity costs at the end of a four-day trial after the plaintiff customer’s
claim was dismissed by the court. Similar to the facts in the present case,
the bank in _Susilawati_ also relied on a contractual provision which provided
that the customer was to indemnify the bank in full against all costs and
expenses incurred, including legal fees on a _solicitor-and-client basis_. In
spite of the contractual indemnity clause, Lai Siu Chiu J dismissed the bank’s
claim for costs on an indemnity basis as it was found that the bank’s conduct
was “not beyond approach” (at [101]). More importantly, the learned judge also
made the following observations at [100]:

I note however that despite amending its pleadings, the defendant _did not
include a prayer for indemnity costs in its defence_.

[emphasis added]

Whilst it is acknowledged that the bank’s claim for indemnity costs was
eventually dismissed on the exercise of discretion by the learned judge, the
extract above suggests that the learned judge was at least of the view that
the bank’s failure to include a prayer for indemnity costs in its defence was
a significant fact worthy of notice.

68 The High Court decision was appealed against by the customer and before the
Court of Appeal, the customer also filed multiple applications to, amongst
others: obtain leave to advance a new line of argument; introduce new
evidence; and obtain directions for a new trial to be conducted. The appeal
and all three applications were eventually dismissed by the Court of Appeal
(see _Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 737). On the
issue of costs, the Court of Appeal awarded costs of the appeal and the three
applications (that were made during the course of the appeal) to the bank on a
_contractual basis_ (at [71]). Whilst it was not explicitly set out in the
judgment delivered by the Court of Appeal, it is likely that the costs order
was premised on the contractual indemnity clause governing the relationship
between the customer and the bank. That being so, whilst it appears that the
trial judge’s order for costs to be paid on a standard basis was not varied by
the Court of Appeal, the bank was in any event successful in obtaining
contractual costs for the appeal and the three applications that were made
before the Court of Appeal.

69 In this regard, I note that the issue of whether there is a need to
specifically plead for indemnity costs has not been conclusively determined by
the local courts. Given the fact that I have arrived at the finding (as will
be explained in the next section) that Abani did not, in any event, suffer any
prejudice from BNP’s failure to include a prayer for indemnity costs in its
defence, it is not necessary for me to make a conclusive finding on this
issue.

Whether Abani suffered prejudice as a result of BNP’s failure to include its
claim for costs on an indemnity basis in its pleadings

70 I turn now to address the next issue of whether Abani suffered prejudice as
a result of BNP’s failure to specifically plead its claim for costs on an
indemnity basis. It will be recalled that BNP had argued, at first instance,
that even if there exists a requirement to specifically plead a claim for
indemnity costs, BNP should still be allowed to raise the unpleaded point as
no injustice would be occasioned. The DJ rejected BNP’s arguments and arrived
at the finding that BNP had failed to put Abani on notice and thus disavowed
Abani of the opportunity to adduce any evidence during the course of the trial
to address the applicability of cl 11.4 of the STC in the present case.

71 In the appeal before me, BNP argued that the DJ ought to have permitted the
unpleaded point to be raised as no injustice had been caused to Abani. To
support its position, BNP referred to the Court of Appeal decision of _OMG
Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd_ [2012] 4 SLR 231, where it was held at [18]
that the court may permit an unpleaded point to be raised provided that it
does not cause injustice or irreparable prejudice:

Pleadings are meant to “narrow the parties to definite issues” (_Thorp v
Holdsworth_ (1876) 3 Ch D 637 at 639, _per_ Jessel MR). It is trite law that
the court may permit an unpleaded point to be raised if no injustice or
irreparable prejudice (that cannot be compensated by costs) will be occasioned
to the other party ... In the same vein, evidence given at trial can, where
appropriate, overcome defects in the pleadings provided that the other party
is not taken by surprise or irreparably prejudiced ...

72 I agree with BNP’s submissions that the unpleaded point ought to have been
allowed. In my view, any claim that Abani was taken by surprise is, with
respect, misplaced. Whilst it is acknowledged that BNP had failed to include
the relevant contractual provisions in its pleadings, it is undisputed that
the claim which had arisen concerned a letter of credit obtained pursuant to
the credit facilities granted to Abani by way of the facility letter. The
existence of the facility letter and the STC was not in doubt as they were
referred to and disclosed in the affidavits, as well as the list of documents.
Furthermore, in its opening statement filed on 18 January 2013, BNP had
expressly stated that it would be seeking costs on an indemnity basis pursuant
to the relevant contractual provisions governing the banking relationship
between both parties. That being so, I cannot agree with the DJ’s finding that
Abani had been caught by surprise when BNP asked for costs on an indemnity
basis at the conclusion of the trial below.

73 In fact, it bears repeating that after the DJ dismissed Abani’s claim on 5
June 2013, both parties were directed to tender further written submissions to
specifically address the question of whether BNP’s costs ought to be taxed on
a standard or an indemnity basis. To this end, a brief perusal of the written
submissions reveals that Abani had resisted BNP’s claim for indemnity costs on
the following grounds:

(a) Clause 11.4 of the STC was a material fact which ought to have been
pleaded by BNP.

(b) Clause 11.4, on a true construction, only applied to claims brought by
third parties. On this basis, it should not be applicable in the present case
where Abani, a contracting party, had brought an action against BNP.

(c) Clause 11.4 (as interpreted by BNP) was unfairly one-sided, and being an
onerous condition, BNP should not be allowed to rely on it unless there was
evidence of adequate notice being given to Abani before the contract was
entered into by both parties.

(d) Clause 11.4 cannot be relied upon by BNP unless it meets the requirements
set out in the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the UCTA”).

For these reasons, Abani argued that it was caught by surprise and would
thereby suffer prejudice in the event that BNP was allowed to rely on the
indemnity clause.

74 After considering the submissions put forth by both parties, I am unable to
agree with the DJ’s conclusion on cl 11.4 of the STC. First, whilst it is
accepted that cl 11.4 had not been specifically pleaded by BNP, it is not
disputed that BNP had expressly set out its intention to claim indemnity costs
in the opening statement tendered at the commencement of the trial.

75 Second, the applicability of cl 11.4 of the STC to the present case is
largely a question of construction and interpretation of the relevant
contractual terms. Given that both parties were given ample opportunity to
make submissions on the legal issues arising in BNP’s claim for indemnity
costs, Abani would not have been prejudiced by BNP’s failure to include the
claim in its pleadings. I now proceed to briefly deal with the legal
submissions made by both parties regarding the issue of costs.

76 In its submissions, Abani has referred to the need for BNP to establish
compliance with the provisions set out in the UCTA. Section 3 of the UCTA
reads as follows:

(1) This section applies as between contracting parties where one of them
deals as consumer or on the other’s written standard terms of business.

(2) As against that party, the other cannot by reference to any contract term
—

(a) when himself in breach of contract, exclude or restrict any liability of
his in respect of the breach; or

(b) claim to be entitled —

(i) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that
which was reasonably expected of him; or

(ii) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation, to
render no performance at all,

except in so far as (in any of the cases mentioned in this subsection) the
contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness.

77 Given that the STC of the facility letter falls within the scope of BNP’s
written standard terms of business, the question which arises is whether
reliance on cl 11.4 of the STC will render contractual performance
substantially different from that which was to be reasonably expected. In this
respect, it must be recognised that such indemnity clauses are not uncommon in
financing agreements. This will be dealt with in greater detail at [91] below.
On this basis alone, I am of the view that s 3 of the UCTA is not applicable
on the facts of the present case. Meanwhile, it bears noting that s 4 of the
UCTA, which subjects indemnity clauses to the test of reasonableness, only
applies in favour of a “person dealing as consumer”: see generally Andrew
Phang Boon Leong _et al_ , _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Academy
Publishing, 2012) (“ _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ ”) at para 7.67. In
the present case, there is no doubt that Abani did not enter into the contract
as a “consumer”. Therefore, s 4 of the UCTA will not be applicable on the
facts of the present case.

78 Leaving aside the provisions in the UCTA, there exists a line of common law
decisions which lay down the broad principle that onerous terms have to be
brought to the attention of the contracting party before it can be relied on
as a valid contractual term. Many of these cases involve situations where
notice of the onerous term was only given _after_ the contract was entered
into by the contracting parties, such as _Thornton v Shoe Lane Parking_ [1971]
2 QB 163 (“ _Thornton_ ”) and _Interfoto Picture Library Ltd v Stiletto Visual
Programmes Ltd_ [1989] QB 433 (“ _Interfoto_ ”). In the latter case, the
factual matrix involved a plaintiff who ran a photographic transparency
lending business. Following a telephone inquiry, 47 transparencies were
delivered to the defendant, together with a delivery order which set out the
terms and conditions of the loan. One of the conditions required the
transparencies to be returned within 14 days, failing which a fee of £5 would
be levied. The English Court of Appeal found this particular condition to be
onerous and unusual. It was held that the party seeking to rely on this term
was required to show that the term had been brought fairly and reasonably to
the attention of the other contracting party.

79 An interesting attempt to rely on this principle can be found in the local
High Court decision of _Consmat Singapore (Pte) Ltd v Bank of America National
Trust & Savings Association_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 195 (“ _Consmat_ ”). In that
case, the plaintiff was the customer of the defendant bank. During the account
opening process, the plaintiff had signed an agreement (“the General
Agreement”) with the defendant bank. To that end, cl 3(c) of the General
Agreement required the customer to verify the statements of accounts, and to
notify the bank within seven days of any discrepancies, omissions or debits
wrongly made to or inaccuracies or incorrect entries in the account. The
clause in question also made any such disputes unchallengeable after the
expiry of a certain time limit. This particular clause was found by L P Thean
J (as he then was) to be clear and unambiguous. It was held that the clause
satisfied the “rigorous” test laid down in _Tai Hing Cotton Mill Ltd v Liu
Chong Hin Bank Ltd_ [1986] AC 80 (“ _Tai Hing_ ”).

80 In brief, the decision of _Tai Hing_ raised a number of issues, including
the question of whether a customer would be bound by a term which stipulated
that the failure of the customer to notify the bank of any errors within the
specified time would mean that the customer could no longer challenge the
correctness of the monthly statements. The Privy Council held that the term in
question was not sufficiently clear to bring home to the customer the
importance of inspecting the monthly statements carefully. Lord Scarman
described the test as “rigorous”, such that (_Tai Hing_ at 110):

... Clear and unambiguous provision is needed if the banks are to introduce
into the contract a binding obligation upon the customer who does not query
his bank statement to accept the statement as accurately setting out the debit
items in the accounts.

81 Returning to the decision in _Consmat_ , it is noted that Thean J found the
particular clause before him to be clear and unambiguous as to its meaning and
effect. On that basis, it was held that the bank was entitled to rely on that
contractual term. Although the learned judge was of the view that the UCTA did
not apply, it was held that, in any event, the clause would have satisfied the
test of reasonableness set out in the UCTA. In particular, the learned judge
made the following observations at [25]:

The plaintiffs and the defendants were and are commercial entities and they
entered into a general agreement for commercial business. The plaintiffs had a
free choice of banks with which they would like to do business, and had
decided to do business with the defendants. They entered into the general
agreement of their own free will, and it was not suggested that they were not
free or permitted to negotiate with the defendants for a variation of the
terms thereof. There was no question that they accepted the terms of the
general agreement.

Although the observations were made in the context of the UCTA, it is noted
that the plaintiff also relied on _Interfoto_ to advance the argument that
inadequate steps had been taken to draw its attention to the contractual term
in question. Thean J, however, found on similar reasoning that it was too late
in the day for the plaintiff to complain that the clause had not been drawn to
its attention. The agreement had been freely entered into by both parties and
there was no evidence to suggest that the plaintiff had been placed in a
position where it had no choice but to sign the agreement. In fact, unlike the
facts in _Thornton_ and _Interfoto_ , the plaintiff in _Consmat_ had _signed_
the agreement itself. Having signed the agreement, the plaintiff must be taken
to have read and understood the terms set out in the agreement itself.

82 When a contractual term is found to be onerous and unusual, the question as
to whether sufficient steps have been taken to draw the other party’s
attention to it prior to the contract being entered into is partly a question
of fact. For instance, in the High Court decision of _Hakko Products Pte Ltd v
Danzas (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 651 (“ _Hakko Products
v Danzas_ ”), the defendant freight forwarder submitted a quotation to the
plaintiff for airfreighting a machine from Hanover to Singapore and thereafter
transporting it to the plaintiff’s factory. At the bottom of the quotation,
there was an incorporating clause which stated: “All business transacted in
accordance with SAAA’S standard trading conditions. Copy available on
application.” On that basis, the court had to address the issue of whether the
exemption and limitation of liability clauses set out in the SAAA’s standard
trading conditions could be relied upon by the defendant freight forwarder. In
rejecting the defendant’s arguments, Goh Joon Seng J held that the relevant
clauses could not be relied on and one factor that was taken into account by
Goh J was the fact that the incorporating clause “was in very small print and
was not legible” (_Hakko Products v Danzas_ at [46]). Goh J observed that the
incorporating clause read with the exemption and limitation of liability
clauses should have been brought to the attention of the plaintiff’s
representative. In the circumstances, it was not surprising that the
defendant’s attempt to rely on the specific clauses failed.

83 For completeness, it would also be useful to refer to the High Court
decision of _Press Automation Technology Pte Ltd v Trans-Link Exhibition
Forwarding Pte Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 712 (“ _Press Automation_ ”). In that
case, the defendant had contracted with the plaintiff to transport an
exhibition machine to Bangkok. Whilst the machine was in the defendant’s
custody, it was damaged. Apart from denying the damage, the defendant also
attempted to rely on a contractual clause setting out a nine-month time bar to
the claim, as well as a clause limiting its liability to $100,000. These
clauses were found in the Singapore Freight Forwarders’ Association Standard
Trading Conditions (1986) (“the SFFA Conditions”). It was undisputed that the
plaintiff had _signed_ a confirmation of acceptance which expressly stated
that the business was to be transacted in accordance with the SFFA Conditions,
a copy of which was available upon application. It was also undisputed that
the plaintiff had not asked for a copy of the SFFA Conditions before entering
into the contract. After an in-depth review of the English, Canadian and
Singapore case law, Judith Prakash J arrived at the conclusion that the
conditions were incorporated as a whole. It was held that the line of
authorities deciding that onerous and unusual conditions cannot be
incorporated unless the attention of the party sought to be bound has been
specifically drawn to them does not apply to cases where there is a _signed_
contract with an _explicit_ incorporating clause. In particular, Prakash J
made the following pertinent observations at [39]:

... As far as the authorities are concerned, as I have shown above, all those
that apply the specific notice requirement for onerous clauses are cases in
which there was _no signed contract_. The only exception is the _Tilden_ case.
I do not consider the _Trident_ case an exception as the contract that was
found to exist by the court was a contract which was concluded partly orally
and partly in writing and the written part did not contain an express
incorporation clause referring to Danand's standard term contract. The court
there, as was clear from the judgment of the Court of Appeal, was asked to
make a finding of incorporation by implication which would be supported by
evidence on a previous course of dealing.

Whilst _Tilden_ directly supports Patec's position, I decline to follow it. In
my judgment, it is not in accordance with the common law position in England
and in Singapore. _Where a party has signed a contract after having been given
notice, by way of a clear incorporating clause such as the one used in the
present case, of what would be included among the contractual terms, that
party cannot afterwards assert that it is not bound by some of the terms on
the ground that the same are onerous and unusual and had not been drawn
specifically to its attention._ Contracting parties must have a care for their
own legal positions by ascertaining what terms are to be part of a contract
before signing it. _If they do not do so, they will be bound by those terms
except to the extent that the UCTA offers them relief_.

[emphasis added]

84 In this regard, the Canadian decision of _Tilden Rent-A-Car Co v
Clendenming_ [1978] 83 DLR 3d 400 (“ _Tilden_ ”) stands for the proposition
that a signature can only be relied on as manifesting assent to a document
when it was reasonable for the party relying on the signed document to believe
that the signor really did assent to its contents. Whilst it may be argued
that the approach in _Tilden_ may be “fairer”, especially in the context of
consumer contracts, there is no doubt that this will inevitably be at the
expense of commercial certainty. In any event, it must be noted that the court
in _Tilden_ acknowledged that the position may be different where the parties
had dealt with each other in a _commercial context_.

85 The position adopted by the Prakash J in _Press Automation_ has also been
further explained by academic commentators. In _The Law of Contract in
Singapore_ , the learned author rightly comments at para 7.20 that the rule
established in _Press Automation_ was, in any event, subject to the principles
of fraud and misrepresentation, as well as the provisions of the UCTA.
Similarly, it was also acknowledged by the learned authors in Michael Furmston
& G J Tolhurst, _Contract Formation: Law and Practice_ (Oxford University
Press, 2010) at para 10.47 that a party will be taken to have notice of the
terms if the document signed is contractual, provided there has been no
misrepresentation.

86 Returning to the facts in the present case, it is noted that Abani had
_signed_ the facility letter with BNP on 6 August 2008. The facility letter
expressly stated that BNP’s STC as attached applied to and formed an integral
part of the facility letter.[note: 22] Furthermore, it is also noted that the
acceptance page where the parties’ representatives had placed their respective
signatures specifically referred to the terms and conditions set out in the
facility letter and the STC.[note: 23] It bears noting that cl 13 of the
letter of credit application form expressly provided that the application
shall be subject to:[note: 24]

... the Bank’s prevailing Standard Terms and Conditions Governing Facilities
[‘STC’] (a copy of which the Applicant hereby confirms receipt thereof) as may
be amended or otherwise modified in this application. ...

It is also undisputed that Abani and BNP had dealt with each other on a
_commercial basis_. Abani certainly did not enter into the contract as a
consumer. Given that Abani had _signed_ the contractual documents, applying
the principles laid down in the line of authorities set out above, in
particular, the High Court decision of _Press Automation_ , I am of the view
that cl 11.4 of the STC was incorporated as a whole and thus applied to the
letter of credit in question. As explained at [77] above, I am also of the
view that the provisions of the UCTA are not applicable to the facts in the
present case. For these reasons, I am unable to agree with the DJ’s finding
that Abani had suffered prejudice as a result of BNP’s failure to specifically
plead its claim for indemnity costs.

87 In arriving at this conclusion, I have also considered the Hong Kong
decision of _DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited v San-Hot HK Industrial Company
Limited and another_ (HCA 2279/2008) (“ _DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited_ ”). In
that case, judgment was entered for the plaintiff and the defendant’s
counterclaim was dismissed at the conclusion of the hearing. On the issue of
costs, the court awarded costs in favour of the plaintiff on a party-and-party
basis. The plaintiff subsequently applied for a variation of the order to that
of costs on an indemnity basis. The basis of the application was cl 16 of the
“General Commercial Agreement” that had been signed by the parties. In this
regard, the defendants opposed the application for variation “on the sole
basis that the plaintiff’s contractual entitlement to indemnity costs had not
been pleaded in the Amended Statement of Claim” (_DBS Bank (Hong Kong)
Limited_ at [4]).

88 In recognising that the court has an “unfettered discretion” in the making
of any costs order, it was held that the court can and should, in the exercise
of that discretion, take into account all relevant matters. One of these
relevant matters is whether the parties have, by their agreement, agreed upon
a basis for the quantification of costs. Of particular interest to the facts
in our present case, the court in _DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited_ also made the
following observations at [6]:

Although the contractual clauses had not been specifically mentioned in the
Amended Statement of Claim, counsel did refer to and seek reliance on at least
Clause 16 of the General Commercial Agreement during the aforementioned
“counsel and bench” exchange prior to the conclusion of the trial. Counsel for
the defendant were then duly informed, if not earlier, of the Plaintiff’s
intention to rely on Clause 16 of the General Commercial Agreement on the
issue of what costs order I should grant in due course. ...

For the reasons above, the court held that there was no valid reason for not
taking into account the contractual clauses in the exercise of his discretion
and in the circumstances, the application for variation of the costs order was
granted.

89 In this regard, whilst there was no specific allegation of surprise or
prejudice in _DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited_ as compared to the present case,
it cannot be overlooked that both Abani and BNP were, in any event, afforded
ample opportunity to address the court below on the question of construction
of cl 11.4 of the STC. To this end, whilst Abani has put forth the assertion
that they were taken by surprise, it is undisputed that BNP had expressly
stated in its opening statement that it would be claiming indemnity costs on
the basis of cl 11.4 of the STC. In the circumstances, I am of the view that
BNP should be allowed to raise the unpleaded point as Abani had not suffered
any prejudice as a result of BNP’s failure to include its claim for indemnity
costs in its pleadings.

Whether BNP’s contractual right to costs on an indemnity basis ought to be
upheld by the court

90 Having found that BNP’s failure to specifically plead its claim for
indemnity costs is not fatal, the only remaining issue is whether BNP’s
contractual right to costs on an indemnity basis ought to be upheld by the
court. To this end, BNP has referred to, amongst others, the High Court
decision of _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Sin Leong Ironbed & Furniture
Manufacturing Co (Pte) Ltd and others_ [1988] 1 SLR(R) 76 (“ _United Overseas
Bank_ ”). In that case, the plaintiff bank had applied for summary judgment
against the plaintiffs for monies owing under credit facilities and
guarantees. The terms of the credit facility expressly stated that the
guarantors would pay all costs incurred by the bank on a solicitor-and-client
basis. At first instance, the learned Senior Assistant Registrar rejected the
bank’s claim for indemnity costs and awarded fixed costs of $700 as provided
in the Rules of the Supreme Court. On appeal, Chan Sek Keong JC (as he then
was) allowed the bank’s costs to be taxed on an indemnity basis. The learned
judge made the following observations:

There is no rule of law or public policy which prohibits a borrower from
agreeing to pay to a lender the lender's costs in taking steps to recover the
loan on a solicitor-and-client basis. Indeed, there is no reason why a lender
should put himself potentially out of pocket when making a loan on terms
negotiated at arm's length. He is entitled to impose an indemnity as to his
costs as one of such terms and where he has done so, it becomes unnecessary
for him to rely on the discretionary power of the courts to award him costs.
...

In the present case, the plaintiffs have sued the defendants for costs on a
solicitor-and-client basis as part of their claim. They are entitled to such
costs in contract. They are not invoking the power of the court to award them
costs in accordance with the rules of court but in accordance with their
contractual rights. There is no reason why they should not be entitled to such
costs.

91 In this regard, it is clear that the courts have long recognised the bank’s
entitlement to rely on contractual indemnity clauses found in loan
documentation governing the relationship between the bank and its customer. In
fact, at the hearing below, BNP has raised the point that the fees charged by
banks for issuing and handling letters of credit are often insubstantial as
compared to the value of the underlying transaction. To this end, the banks
are said to have a legitimate commercial interest in relying on such
contractual indemnities so as to minimise any potential exposure to legal
costs in the event of litigation.

92 The decision of _United Overseas Bank_ is often cited for the proposition
that the court’s discretion on costs orders may be circumscribed or even
excluded by such contractual indemnity provisions. For instance, the learned
author in Jeffrey Pinsler, _Principles of Civil Procedure_ (Academy
Publishing, 2013) at para 26.003 commented that:

Apart from the rules, the parties may have agreed to the allocation and
assessment of costs should a dispute occur, in which case the court’s
discretion and the rules concerning automatic mechanisms (such as fixed costs)
may be circumscribed or excluded by the pertinent term of a binding contract.
...

The learned author, however, goes on to make certain qualifications to this
seemingly strict and unyielding rule at para 26.003:

... However, it is submitted that the court has a right to disregard a
contractual term if the party relying on it has conducted itself in a manner
which would make the assertion of his right unjust. As the court derives its
authority to determine costs from statute, it must have the power to override
the parties’ agreement in order to preserve the integrity of the
administration of justice.

This view is also supported by the learned commentator in _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2013_ (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2013) at para
59/2/2 where it was stated unequivocally that “the court may in certain
circumstances decline to give effect to the contractual provision on costs”.

93 In my view, the court must have the power to override the parties’
agreement as to costs in order to preserve the integrity of the administration
of justice. In situations where the claim for costs on the basis of a
contractual provision is manifestly unjust, the court can and should intervene
to disallow the claim in the exercise of its discretion. It is, however, noted
that such situations warranting the court’s intervention should be limited to
deserving cases and the court must exercise its discretion judiciously in
order not to unduly unravel the commercial arrangement entered into by both
parties. In fact, I go as far as to say that in the absence of manifest
injustice, the court will tend towards upholding the contractual bargain
entered into by both parties.

94 As discussed at [67] above, the High Court in _Susilawati_ was of the view
that the bank’s conduct “was not beyond approach”. On this basis, the bank’s
claim for costs on an indemnity basis was disallowed. Costs in favour of the
bank were ordered to be taxed on a standard basis instead. In the earlier
decision of _Hong Leong Finance Ltd v Lee Siang Wah and another_ [1993] 2
SLR(R) 577, K S Rajah JC held that the plaintiff mortgagee’s contractual right
to costs on an indemnity had been forfeited by virtue of its misconduct. As a
result, the question of costs became one for the court’s discretion. The
learned judge went as far as to acknowledge that had it not been accepted that
there was a breakdown in communication between the parties, he would have
ordered costs _against_ the plaintiff mortgagee. On the basis of these
authorities, it is clear that the court does possess the discretion to
override the parties’ agreement as to costs in situations where the outcome is
manifestly unjust.

95 Returning to the facts in the present case, I am of the view that there is
no evidence to suggest that BNP has acted in an improper manner. In this
respect, the rights of parties, especially in commercial transactions, to
negotiate and agree on the terms of the contract cannot be overlooked. As
discussed at [93] above, in the absence of manifest injustice, the need for
commercial certainty does tend towards the upholding of the contractual
bargain entered into by both parties. In the circumstances, I am of the view
that BNP’s contractual right to costs on an indemnity basis should be upheld
by the court.

Conclusion

96 For the reasons above, the appeal by Abani in DCA 19/2013 is dismissed. On
the other hand, the appeal by BNP in DCA 24/2013 is allowed. Therefore, costs
of the appeals and the hearing below are awarded to BNP on an indemnity basis.

* * *

[note: 1]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part C) at p 130–131.

[note: 2]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part C) at p 130.

[note: 3]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part C) at pp 176–178.

[note: 4]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part B) at pp 75–76.

[note: 5]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part B) at pp 75–76.

[note: 6]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part B) at pp 92–93.

[note: 7]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume II – Part A) at p 237.

[note: 8]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume I – Part A) at pp 19–28.

[note: 9]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part B) at p 34.

[note: 10]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part B) at p 76.

[note: 11]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part B) at pp 219–220.

[note: 12]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part C) at p 129.

[note: 13]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume II – Part A) at p 237.

[note: 14]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part A) at p 108.

[note: 15]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part B) at p 92.

[note: 16]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part B) at p 92.

[note: 17]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part C) at pp 226–231.

[note: 18]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part C) at pp 229–230.

[note: 19]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part C) at pp 230–231.

[note: 20]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part B) at p 208.

[note: 21]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part B) at p 34.

[note: 22]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part B) at p 26.

[note: 23]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part B) at p 28.

[note: 24]Joint Record of Appeal (Volume IV – Part C) at p 177.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jun 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

