Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Teddy, Thomas _v_ Teacly (S) Pte Ltd  
[2014] SGHC 226

Case Number| :| Suit No 33 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 367 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 November 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Nagaraja S Maniam, M Ramasamy and Gokul Haridas (M Rama
Law Corporation) for the second defendant/appellant; Andrew John Hanam (Andrew
LLC) for the plaintiff/respondent.  
Parties| :|  Teddy, Thomas — Teacly (S) Pte Ltd  
  
6 November 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Background

1 This matter came before me as an appeal by the second defendant in the
action against the assessment of damages payable to the plaintiff who had been
injured in an accident caused by both defendants. The first defendant settled
the plaintiff’s claim separately and is not a party to this appeal. I will
therefore refer in this judgment to the second defendant simply as “the
defendant”.

2 On 15 November 2010, the plaintiff, Mr Thomas Teddy, was travelling as a
passenger in a taxi driven by Mohd Is’hak bin M Noor (“the taxi-driver”) when
a lorry belonging to the defendant collided into the rear of the taxi. The
plaintiff claimed that as a result of the impact he was “jerked forward and
then … flung backwards into the seat”. However, he did not feel any pain
immediately after the accident. After exchanging particulars with the lorry
driver, the taxi-driver continued the journey dropping the plaintiff off at
Orchard Parade Hotel. Later that evening, the plaintiff experienced loss of
sensation in both his hands and arms.

The plaintiff’s medical history

3 Prior to the accident, the plaintiff had suffered a stroke on 10 October
2009. He managed to recover from the stroke by December 2009. However, as of
March 2010, he began experiencing pain in the neck, weakness in both hands and
progressive gait instability. He consulted a neurologist, Dr Tang Kok Foo (“Dr
Tang”), on 11 May 2010. Dr Tang carried out an MRI of the plaintiff’s cervical
spine. His assessment of the plaintiff’s then medical condition is summarised
in a report dated 14 May 2010. In gist, he diagnosed the plaintiff as
suffering from cervical myelopathy and diabetic neuropathy and recommended
surgery to stop the cervical myelopathy from getting worse. He stated:

His other medical problems are:

1.Diabetes mellitus for the past 30 years

2.Diabetic neuropathy (distal symmetrical sensory-motor neuropathy)

Examination revealed poor dexterity in the right upper limb, minimal loss of
motor power (grade 4.75/5) and very poor 2 point discrimination. The deep
tendon reflexes were absent in the upper and lower limbs except for the biceps
jerks. There were no increased reflexes and no ankle clonus (due to the
peripheral neuropathy).

MRI brain: no new infarct.

MRI cervical spine: 3 level disc prolapse (C3/C4, C4/C5 and C5/C6) with very
severe cord compression at the lower two levels.

He will require surgical decompression of the cervical spinal cord as soon as
practicable. …

While this report states that the plaintiff was suffering from disc
degeneration at three levels, Dr Tang’s position in his Specialist Medical
Report dated 12 November 2012 and under cross-examination, was that he had
disc degeneration at four levels (_ie_ , C3/C4, C4/C5, C5/C6 and C6/C7).

4 The plaintiff approached a neurosurgeon, Dr Premkumar Kandasamy Pillay (“Dr
Pillay”), for a second opinion on 7 July 2010. Dr Pillay also ordered an MRI
of the plaintiff’s cervical spine to be carried out (“the July 2010 MRI”). On
the basis of the MRI findings, Dr Pillay diagnosed the plaintiff with cervical
myelo-radiculopathy and also recommended surgery. On 14 July 2010, Dr Pillay
performed an “anterior cervical microdisectomy and fusion for C4/5 and C5/6
significant disc protrusions [that were] causing the myelo-radiculopathy”
(“the first surgery”). According to the plaintiff, he felt a dramatic
improvement in his condition after the first surgery. He claimed that he had
completely recovered from the first surgery by October 2010.

Series of events after the accident

5 The day after the accident, the plaintiff went to see Dr Pillay because he
was concerned that the accident might have had an impact on his spine. An MRI
of his cervical spine was conducted on the same day (“the November 2010 MRI”).
In his MRI report, the consultant radiologist, Dr Gan Yu Unn, stated the
following conclusions:

There are fractures of the C4 to C6 vertebral bodies with postoperative
changes present.

Posterior central/paracentral disc protrusions at C3/4 to C7/T1 are seen.
These result in indentation of the spinal cord. There is associated raised
intramedullary spinal cord signal at C4 to C6, possibly due to oedema or
myelomalacia.

6 The plaintiff was scheduled for urgent surgery on 26 November 2010. Dr
Pillay carried out “cervical laminectomy, laminoplasty with posterior
stabilization implants from C3/4 to C6/7” (“the second surgery”). The
plaintiff claimed that he could not feel his hands and that “everything was
numb” before the second surgery. According to him, there was little
improvement after the surgery. Dr Pillay’s medical report dated 18 March 2011,
a few months after the second surgery, estimated that the plaintiff had “a 70%
permanent disability”. At the time of the assessment of damages hearing, the
plaintiff was wheelchair bound. He gave evidence that in September 2012, “the
bottom part” of his legs gave way and that he can now only take about three to
four steps at a time.

The plaintiff’s employment history

7 The plaintiff was 58 years old at the date of the accident. Prior to the
accident, he was employed in various different organisations in different
capacities. From 1983 onwards he spent a lot of time working in the oil and
gas and shipbuilding industries. Among other things, he was a Quality Control
Manager assigned first to a shipyard and then to an oil refinery and the
managing director of a building company which had a large workforce deployed
at several worksites.

8 In 2007, he set up his own contracting company, Tedjo Engineering Pte Ltd
(“Tedjo”). In July 2007, Tedjo landed a contract in connection with the
building of a bio-diesel fuel plant in Jurong Island for an Australian
company. After this project ended, Tedjo was unable to secure any other
contracts and it was wound up in 2009.

9 The plaintiff gave evidence that about a month after his first surgery (_ie_
, in August 2010), he started marketing and looking for opportunities in the
oil and gas industry again. He also produced in evidence a Memorandum of
Understanding (“MOU”) between himself and a number of other parties for a
joint venture project in India, cleaning pipes in the oil and gas industry.
The defendant disputed the admissibility of the MOU on the ground that none of
the other parties who had signed it, including an individual resident in
Singapore, were called to prove its authenticity. The MOU was admitted in
evidence on the basis that the failure to call the other parties to give
evidence would affect the weight assigned to the MOU but not its
admissibility.

10 According to the plaintiff, his role in the joint venture was to train
workers to carry out pipe-cleaning and to provide the specialised equipment
that was required for the project. He maintained that the joint venture had
fallen through as a result of the accident since he was no longer physically
capable of going to the site to train the workers. The MOU was signed on 25
June 2010 (_ie_ , about a month before his first surgery). The plaintiff’s
position was that the MOU showed that he had every intention to continue to
work after recovering from the first surgery. To that end, he also claimed
that on the day of the accident, he was headed to Orchard Parade Hotel because
he had an important meeting with the “Managing Director of a petroleum company
not in Singapore”. According to him, this was indicative of his intention to
resume working after recovering from the first surgery. His evidence was that
the work that he did required “a lot of climbing and walking” and that the
success of the projects that he undertook was “largely based on close
supervision and attention to details”. Since the accident had incapacitated
him, he was prevented from working in the oil and gas industry.

The proceedings

11 The plaintiff commenced proceedings against the taxi-driver and the
defendant on 16 April 2011. He claimed damages for, among other things, pain
and suffering, medical expenses, future medical expenses, loss of pre-trial
earnings, loss of future earnings and loss of earning capacity. Liability was
agreed between the plaintiff, the taxi-driver and the defendant at 10:10:80
respectively. The assessment of damages took place over five days in April and
June 2013 before an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”). After the assessment of
damages hearing, the plaintiff and the taxi-driver arrived at a settlement
between themselves.

12 The AR delivered judgment on 28 October 2013. She assessed the damages as
follows:

**_General Damages_** |   
---|---  
Pain and suffering |  : $60,000  
Future medical expenses |  : $3,000  
Loss of future earnings |  : $166,064.16  
**_Special Damages_** |   
Medical expenses |  : $78,598.81  
Pre-trial loss of earning |  : $200,660.86  
**_Total : $508,323.83_**  
  
  

The defendant has appealed against the awards for pain and suffering, and loss
of earnings (_ie_ , pre-trial earnings and future earnings).

Decision Below

Pain and suffering

13 One of the most hotly contested issues was whether the plaintiff’s injuries
and disabilities were caused by the accident or were pre-existing conditions.
The AR found that the injuries sustained by the plaintiff were caused by the
accident because:

(a) the plaintiff experienced pain and weakness shortly after the accident
although he was not suffering from pain and had good strength in his hands
before the accident;

(b) she accepted Dr Pillay’s evidence that the plaintiff’s current problems
are a direct consequence of the accident; and

(c) the November 2010 MRI showed fractures to the C4 to C6 vertebrae and
indentations at the C3/4 and C6/7 levels of the plaintiff’s spinal cord.

14 She referred to the Charlene Chee _et al_ , _Guidelines for the Assessment
of General Damages in Personal Injury Cases_ (Academy Publishing, 2010) (“
_Guidelines_ ”) and noted that the injuries sustained by the plaintiff brought
him within the category of cases involving “severe neurological symptoms
resulting in difficulty in movement; considerable pain in the cervical spine
area; pain radiating to the limbs; significant disabilities where the neck
movement is severely restricted despite physiotherapy; and an increased
vulnerability to future trauma”. The _Guidelines_ recommend damages between
$50,000 and $70,000 for such cases. She considered it reasonable to award the
plaintiff $60,000 in respect of pain and suffering.

Loss of earnings

15 The AR was of the view that the plaintiff was entitled to damages for loss
of earnings. She rejected the argument that the plaintiff should not be so
entitled since his underlying medical conditions would have prevented him from
working, even if the accident had not occurred. The AR accepted (a) the
plaintiff’s evidence that he felt no pain after the first surgery and had
resumed making overseas business trips with a view to re-enter the oil and gas
industry; and (b) Dr Pillay’s opinion, which he expressed with the benefit of
having reviewed the plaintiff on six occasions after the first surgery, that
the plaintiff had shown good improvement, had good strength in the upper and
lower extremities, and was walking normally after the first surgery and prior
to the accident.

16 The AR applied the approach adopted in _Ng Chee Wee v Tan Chin Seng_ [2013]
SGHC 54 (“ _Ng Chee Wee_ ”) to calculate the appropriate multiplicand to be
applied. She observed that the court in that case had taken into account
available evidence as to the plaintiff’s income over a significant period of
time to determine the plaintiff’s average monthly income. The AR considered
that a figure that is so obtained would be a fair indication of what the
plaintiff would have earned monthly when there is an “absence of clear
evidence” of his actual monthly earning capacity. Applying that approach, she
totalled the plaintiff’s annual income from 2004 to November 2010, as set out
in his income tax assessments for Years of Assessment (“YA”) 2005 to 2010 and
divided the figure obtained ($673,905) by 83 months, and derived an average
monthly income of $8,119.34. She then deducted $1,200 being what he would have
earned at a sedentary job (_eg_ , as a taxi-driver) which was the type of
vocation that occupational physician Dr Thio Yauw Leng Bernard, Bertin (“Dr
Thio”) found him suitable for in his physical condition after the accident.
Therefore, his pre-trial loss of earning was assessed as follows: ($8,119.34 –
$1,200) × 29 months. This came up to a total of $200,660.86.

17 In respect of loss of future earnings, the AR took into account the
plaintiff’s age, the statutory retirement age, the plaintiff’s line of work,
his various pre-existing medical conditions, the possibility of downturn in
his business, and the need to apply a discount to take into account the fact
that he would be receiving a lump sum payment. She came to the conclusion that
a multiplier of two was appropriate. Therefore his loss of future earnings was
assessed as follows: ($8,119.34 – $1,200) × 24 months. This came up to a total
of $166,064.16.

The appeal

18 The broad issues that fall to be decided on appeal are whether the awards
in respect of pain and suffering and loss of earnings should be upheld.

Damages for pain and suffering

The defendant’s submissions

19 The defendant’s contention is that the AR erred in concluding that the
plaintiff’s pain and suffering was caused by the accident. Rather the
defendant argues, relying on the opinion of Dr Sarbjit Singh (“Dr Singh”), a
Senior Consultant Orthopaedic Surgeon called by the defendant to give evidence
at the hearing, that the plaintiff only suffered a “soft tissue injury” or
“whiplash injury” as a result of the accident. Thus, the damages he is
entitled to for pain and suffering have to be assessed on that basis rather
than on the basis that his injuries fell within the category involving among
other things “severe neurological symptoms resulting in difficulty in
movement” and “significant disabilities where the neck movement is severely
restricted despite physiotherapy” as held by the AR.

20 In particular, the defendant maintains that the AR erred in coming to the
conclusion that the accident had caused fractures of plaintiff’s C4 to C6
vertebrae. It relies on Dr Tang’s opinion that what seemed like fractures in
the November 2010 MRI, could simply have been post-operative changes from the
first surgery. The defendant points out that in a letter sent to the
defendant’s counsel on 31 May 2013, the plaintiff’s counsel had conceded that
they had not proven that the fractures were caused by the accident and
therefore, they would not be claiming damages for the fractures. Hence, the
defendant argues that the AR should not have taken into account the fractures
when awarding damages for pain and suffering.

21 The defendant also argues that the AR should not have taken into account
the indentations at the C3/4 and C6/7 levels of the plaintiff’s spinal cord
which were evident in the 16 November MRI. It relies on Dr Singh’s opinion
that these indentations were pre-existing.

22 The defendant says that the fact that the plaintiff had to undergo a
serious second operation is not indicative of the extent of the damage that
the accident caused his spine. Even though the condition of the plaintiff’s
spine after the accident, as evidenced by the November 2010 MRI, meant that he
needed a second operation, he may well have needed that surgery even if the
accident had not occurred. This is because the plaintiff was suffering from
cervical myelopathy and the degeneration of the plaintiff’s cervical spine was
not arrested by the first surgery since Dr Pillay did not decompress the
posterior parts of his cervical spine during that surgery. The first operation
simply ameliorated the pain that the defendant experienced by reducing the
“internal movement of [the] spine”. However, the progress of the myelopathy
was not arrested. Therefore, the second surgery would have been necessary at
some point regardless of whether the accident occurred.

23 The plaintiff’s pre-existing medical conditions­, namely, his cervical
myelopathy and diabetic neuropathy, must have contributed to the pain and
physical disabilities he experienced after the accident. Therefore, the
damages awarded for pain and suffering should be reduced to reflect the fact
that he would have experienced the onset of some of the pain as well as the
physical disabilities regardless of whether the accident occurred. The most
that can be said is that the accident brought forward the occurrence of the
inevitable. The defendant does not agree that the first surgery had the effect
of curing the plaintiff of all his pre-existing physical ailments because (a)
as mentioned above, Dr Pillay did not operate to decompress the plaintiff’s
spine and hence the progression of the myelopathy was not arrested; and (b) in
any event, it was Dr Tang’s expert opinion that the effects of severe
myelopathy and severe diabetic neuropathy are near irreversible. Dr Tang also
opined that myelopathy will progress and patients will “get weaker over the
years” even if there has been “very successful surgery”.

24 The defendant relies on _Pang Tim Fook Paul v Ang Swee Koon_ [2005] SGDC
258 to support its contention that damages awarded for pain and suffering
should be reduced to take into account the plaintiff’s pre-existing medical
conditions­ which would have brought about the pain and disabilities even had
the accident not happened. In that case, the plaintiff had age-related, pre-
existing, degenerative changes caused by cervical spondylosis. In awarding
damages for pain and suffering, District Judge Laura Lau Chin Yui noted that
the underlying degenerative changes were “minor” and “asymptomatic”, and
therefore any impact which the pre-existing degenerative changes would have on
the plaintiff “in the future, if at all, will not be very significant”. Her
reasoning envisages that where the pre-existing conditions are severe, as in
the present case, such that they would likely contribute to the pain and
suffering in the future, then the quantum of damages should accordingly be
lowered.

Was the plaintiff’s suffering caused by the accident?

25 I agree that the defendant should not have to compensate the plaintiff for
any pain or disabilities he would have suffered regardless of the accident. To
decide whether that was indeed the case, the following matters have to be
considered:

(a) The effectiveness of the first surgery in relieving the pain the plaintiff
experienced prior to that surgery.

(b) The effectiveness of the first surgery in preventing the plaintiff’s
cervical spine from degenerating further.

(c) The effect of the accident on the plaintiff’s cervical spine.

(1) First surgery’s effectiveness in relieving pain

26 The plaintiff’s own evidence was that after the first surgery, for the
first time in many years, he had “totally no pain”. He could even undertake
overseas business trips again. He claimed he travelled to India to give
presentations of the technology used to clean congealed pipes to state-owned
Indian oil and gas companies with a view to secure a three-year contract to
clean pipes. His evidence of the improvement that he experienced is
corroborated by Dr Pillay who reviewed his condition on six occasions after
the first surgery. Dr Pillay stated that by 30 August 2010, the plaintiff had
“shown good improvement” and “had good strength in upper and lower extremities
and was walking normally”.

27 Dr Singh, however, suggested that there was reason to disbelieve the
plaintiff. He stated that on the average, motor weaknesses take six months or
more to improve and damaged motor nerves take one to two years to recover.
Therefore, he stated that it was quite unlikely that the plaintiff experienced
the type of improvement he claimed he did within the four months between the
first surgery and the accident. On the other hand, Dr Singh accepted that he
had expressed his opinion without having examined the plaintiff and that it
could be that the plaintiff “[fell] out of the general pattern of patients”.

28 The plaintiff’s evidence that he was completely pain-free after the first
surgery is probably an exaggeration. Notwithstanding that, I accept that he
experienced dramatic improvement in his physical condition after the first
operation. First, the improvement is corroborated by the evidence of Dr
Pillay, who was the only physician who had the benefit of examining the
plaintiff after the first surgery and before the second. Therefore, Dr
Pillay’s views should be preferred over those of the other physicians whose
opinions were based on medical probability and not what they had actually
observed concerning the plaintiff’s condition. Second, I find it noteworthy
that no MRI was done in the interim period between the first surgery and the
accident. Dr Singh stated that MRIs are not routinely done unless the patient
deteriorates. Therefore, the fact that no MRI was done tends to suggest that
the plaintiff’s condition was at the very least not deteriorating (as
suggested by the defendant) and more likely than not improving. Third, after
his consultation with Dr Pillay on 30 August 2010, the plaintiff did not go
for any further consultations with Dr Pillay until after the accident. Dr
Pillay’s evidence was that the plaintiff was not discharged but rather that he
was “supposed to come back when he was free”. The fact that he did not return
for further consultations suggests that the plaintiff’s physical condition had
improved. It was likely because he had seen improvement in his condition that
he found it unnecessary to return for further reviews. Fourth, the plaintiff
chose to consult Dr Pillay again after the accident. He could have done so
simply because Dr Pillay was familiar with his medical history and had all his
records. But this also shows that he had confidence in Dr Pillay which again
tends to suggest that his physical condition had improved after the first
surgery. It is less likely that he would have returned to Dr Pillay if he was
not satisfied with the results of the first surgery. Therefore, I accept that
the first surgery was effective in relieving the pain the plaintiff
experienced.

(2) First surgery’s effectiveness in arresting the deterioration of the
plaintiff’s cervical spine and the effect of the accident on the plaintiff’s
cervical spine

29 Dr Tang was of the opinion that it was possible for the first surgery to
have relieved the plaintiff’s pain without actually rectifying the underlying
problem. He opined that the first surgery did not arrest the progression of
the myelopathy because Dr Pillay had not decompressed the posterior parts of
the plaintiff’s cervical spine. He expressed his view in the following terms
in his Specialist Medical Report dated 12 November 2012:

I am surprised that Mr. Thomas Teddy’s surgery on 14 July 2010 was “anterior
cervical microdisectomy and fusion for C4/C5 and C5/6” without a more
extensive decompression of the cervical spinal cord. Without more extensive
surgery, much of posterior osteophytes and calcified posterior longitudinal
ligament would have continued to severely narrow the cervical spinal canal and
continue to expose Mr. Teddy Thomas to a higher probability of spinal cord
injury from any cervical spine trauma.

30 However, Dr Pillay was of the view that the first surgery was “adequate”
for the plaintiff. He explained that he operated on the C4/5 and C5/6 levels
of the plaintiff’s cervical spine because there were significant impingements
on the spinal cord at those levels. He did not operate on C3/4 and C6/7 levels
because they were not severely impinging on the spinal cord. The defendant’s
other expert, Dr Thio, accepted that there was a possibility that the other
two levels of the cervical spine could have continued to degenerate, causing
problems for the plaintiff. On the other hand, he also advised that that was
not an inevitable outcome because deterioration could have been prevented if
the patient had taken the “right measures” post-surgery.

31 Part of the difficulty in ascertaining whether the first surgery was
effective in preventing further degeneration of the plaintiff’s spine arises
from the fact that there was no MRI done on the plaintiff’s cervical spine in
the interim period between the first surgery and the accident that can be used
to compare the condition of his spine before the first surgery on the one hand
and after the first surgery but before the accident on the other. The best
that can be done is to compare the July 2010 MRI with the November 2010 MRI.
When Dr Singh was asked to explain the differences between the two, his
evidence was that cord compression at the C4/5 and C5/6 levels had improved
after the first surgery and that C3/4 and C6/7 had remained “fairly similar”
except that there was a “worsening of the right paracentral disc protrusion”
at the C6/7 level. He stated that the indentation was possibly the result of
either a soft tissue injury caused by the accident or the “progression of the
disease”.

32 Dr Tang’s evidence was that there was in fact an improvement to the C3/4
level of the plaintiff’s cervical spine. This tends to support Dr Pillay’s
view that the first surgery was adequate not just in relieving pain but also
in reversing the degeneration of the plaintiff’s cervical spine.

33 Dr Pillay’s evidence was that the November 2010 MRI revealed indentations
at the C3/4 and C6/7 levels of the plaintiff’s cervical spine which impinged
on the spinal cord. These were not present prior to the first surgery. He
opined that these indentations were caused by the accident. They were
indicative of increased pressure on the plaintiff’s spinal cord and this
necessitated the second surgery. He expressly disagreed with the proposition
that even without the accident, C3/4 and C6/7 levels of the plaintiff’s
cervical spine would have deteriorated to such an extent that the second
surgery would have been needed. Dr Singh’s view was that these indentations
were likely pre-existing because if they had been due to the accident, there
would have been an “acute tear, and fresh disc protrusion [or] prolapse”.

34 On the balance of probabilities, it appears to me that the first surgery
was effective in arresting the deterioration of the plaintiff’s spine. Dr
Pillay’s opinion that the first surgery was adequate must be accorded adequate
weight in light of the fact that he is an experienced neurosurgeon. Dr Singh
was not able to conclusively say that the worsening of the C6/7 level of the
plaintiff’s cervical spine, which he noticed in the November 2010 MRI, was
caused by the progression of the disease. He conceded that it could have been
caused by the accident as well. Further, Dr Tang noted some improvements in
the C3/4 level of the plaintiff’s cervical spine in the November 2010 MRI.
This tends to suggest that the condition of the plaintiff’s spinal cord was
improving prior to the accident. Lastly, the conclusion that the degeneration
of the spinal cord was arrested by the first surgery is aligned with the fact
that the plaintiff was relatively pain-free after the first surgery. Had the
indentations at the C3/4 and C6/7 levels been the result of the progression of
the disease (_ie_ , present even before the accident), he would, most likely,
have continued to feel the type of pain that he experienced prior to the first
surgery. Therefore, the first surgery was effective in arresting the
deterioration of the plaintiff’s cervical spine. Hence, the subsequent pain
and disabilities that the plaintiff experienced can be attributed fully to the
accident.

35 The defendant’s contention that the AR erred in taking the fractures of the
plaintiff’s C4 to C6 vertebrae into consideration in deciding this issue, even
if it is correct, does not affect my conclusion. This is because Dr Pillay
made clear that the fractures were not the cause of the pain that the
plaintiff experienced. He did not carry out the second surgery as a result of
the fractures. Rather, he operated to relieve the pressure on the spinal cord
caused by the indentations at the C3/4 and C6/7 levels of the plaintiff’s
spinal cord. The fractures merely indicated that “some energy, force, had been
applied to the spine”. Dr Pillay’s evidence under cross-examination was:

Q:So are you saying that the fractures to C4, C5, C6, as seen in Dr Gan’s MRI
report was caused by the accident on 15 November?

A:Yes, I am.

Q:And that has nothing to do with the fact that the so-called fractures are a
normal side effect of the first surgery?

A:No, it has nothing to do with that.

…

Q:Can I say this: assuming that the accident on 15 November caused the
fractures, those fractures were so minor that nothing needs to be done, no big
deal?

A:If I can clarify. The fractures were not major, causing major instability to
spine that would have put nerves at risk. But the fractures indicated some
energy, force, had been applied to the spine, and that is why they appeared on
the scans, that was an index to an acute injury to the spine. But the
fractures themselves were not severe enough to disrupt the spine and cause
instability that would require fixing them directly.

…

Q:If fractures are caused acutely by trauma, is it fair to say that one would
expect a certain amount of pain to set in almost immediately?

A:That is a fair statement in normal people, if injury caused purely to bone,
there will be pain. But if an injury is also caused to the nerves, as in spine
nerves in this case, there can be less pain or lack of pain because of nerve
injury.

Therefore, it would not have been fatal to the plaintiff’s case if he had not
proved that the fractures were caused by the accident.

36 The evidence does show, however, that the fractures were likely caused by
the accident. Dr Tang postulated that what seemed like fractures in the
November 2010 MRI, could simply have been post-operative changes from the
first surgery. Dr Thio accepted that there could have been fractures as a
result of the first surgery if the surgeon had deliberately broken the bones
to put screws into them. He suggested that Dr Pillay should be asked if he had
done so. When this question was posed to Dr Pillay, he responded that during
the first surgery, “a non-metal implant without any metal screws or plates was
placed in between the vertebra” and hence, he had not fractured or damaged the
plaintiff’s bones during surgery. He emphasised that “there were x-rays done
after this surgery which showed no fractures”. There is no reason to
disbelieve his evidence. Therefore, the fractures were more likely than not
caused by the accident.

(3) Conclusion on pain and suffering

37 In the circumstances, the AR’s findings in relation to the pain and
suffering are fully supported by the evidence. The AR had regard to the right
range of awards and her decision to award the plaintiff $60,000 which was the
median of the range suggested by the _Guidelines_ must be upheld.

Damages for loss of earnings

The parties’ contentions

38 The defendant contended that the AR erred in calculating the multiplicand
that was used to assess the damages that the plaintiff was entitled to for
loss of pre-trial earnings and loss of future earnings. The defendant says
that the multiplicand should not have been calculated on the basis that the
plaintiff would have continued to have been involved in the oil and gas
industry. The defendant points out that (a) the plaintiff had not been
gainfully employed in the oil and gas industry for a period of at least 23
months before the accident; and (b) the expert opinion of Dr Thio, Dr Tang and
Dr Singh was that the plaintiff would have suffered from numerous disabilities
even if the accident had not occurred, rendering him unfit to perform any
further work in the oil and gas industry. Therefore, the defendant contends
that the multiplicand should have been calculated on the basis of the earning
capacity of a “58 year old man with a Secondary 2 education with all the [pre-
existing] ailments” that the plaintiff suffered from. The earnings of a taxi-
driver (_ie_ , $1,200 per month) would be an appropriate multiplicand,
according to the defendant. I note here that the defendant’s argument is
premised on a finding that the first operation did not help the plaintiff and
his condition did not improve after the surgery. As I have held that to be the
wrong premise, much of the defendant’s argument falls away.

39 The plaintiff has not made any fresh arguments on this point. He is content
to rely on the AR’s reasoning and calculations. He does say that the
multiplier of 2 given by the AR was on the low side, citing a case decided in
2000 where a multiplier of 3.5 was used for a 58 year-old plaintiff. In his
view, therefore, there is no need to interfere with the AR’s award.

Is loss of earnings the correct measure in this case?

40 The first surgery was successful in preventing the deterioration of the
plaintiff’s cervical spine and the plaintiff was making a good recovery
thereafter. It thus seems likely that had the accident not intervened, the
plaintiff would have been capable of implementing his plans for business in
India. He would have had the opportunity to earn money from the pipe-cleaning
business. He is no longer capable of carrying out any work in the oil and gas
industry and should be entitled to damages in respect of this loss of ability.
The only issue is whether the damages should have been awarded on the basis of
loss of earnings. The difficulty here is in determining what income the
plaintiff could have earned, given that he had been out of work for two years
and his new venture was in the planning stage and had not yet got off the
ground.

41 An award for loss of earnings is made to compensate the plaintiff for the
difference between his post-accident and pre-accident income, whereas an award
for loss of earning capacity is meant to compensate the plaintiff for the
weakening of his competitive position in the labour market: _Chai Kang Wei
Samuel v Shaw Linda Gillian_ [2010] 3 SLR 587 (“ _Samuel Chai_ ”) at [14]. An
award for loss of earning capacity as opposed to an award for loss of earnings
should be made where “there is no available evidence of the plaintiff’s
earnings to enable the court to properly calculate future earnings”: _Samuel
Chai_ at [16]; _Teo Sing Keng v Sim Ban Kiat_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 340 at [40]. The
Court of Appeal in _Samuel Chai_ , however, made clear that this does not mean
that a lack of sufficient evidence would by itself convert a claim for loss of
future earnings into a claim for loss of earning capacity because the two
heads of losses are meant to compensate for different losses (at [20]). In the
present case, it is impossible to calculate either the plaintiff’s pre-trial
earnings or his loss of future earnings on the basis of the
multiplicand/multiplier method based on the available evidence.

42 The AR acknowledged the “absence of clear evidence” of the plaintiff’s
monthly earnings. However she took the view that the evidential gap could be
filled by adopting the approach in _Ng Chee Wee_ to calculate the appropriate
multiplicand. I consider that the approach adopted in _Ng Chee Wee_ does not
fit this case because of the wide fluctuations in the plaintiff’s monthly
earnings over the period for which evidence as to his income is available and
the different sources from which that income was derived. This fact sets the
present case apart from _Ng Chee Wee_ where the claimant’s monthly earnings
had been fairly stable.

43 The plaintiff’s earnings for the period January 2004 to November 2010
(being the period that the AR considered in calculating the appropriate
multiplicand) are set out below:

YA |  Earnings |  Monthly Average  
---|---|---  
2004  |  $42,540 |  $3,545  
2005 |  $95,653 |  $7,971.08  
2006 |  $44,960 |  $3,746.67  
2007 |  $186,194 |  $15,516.17  
2008 |  $305,558 |  $25,463.17  
2009 |  $0 |  $0  
2010 (January to November) |  $0 |  $0  
  
  

44 Not only did the plaintiff’s monthly income vary widely during the period
but he also left paid employment in 2007 to start his own business which was
only profitable for two years. Thereafter, right up to the time of the
accident, he earned nothing. In such circumstances, totalling the plaintiff’s
annual income from 2004 to November 2010 and dividing it by the total number
of months in that period does not yield a fair indication of what his average
monthly income would have been but for the accident.

45 The plaintiff’s evidence was that the global financial crisis in 2008
affected his business. He also testified that he intended to continue to be
self-employed after the first surgery. As such, his average monthly income
from 2004 to 2006 (when he was an employee) was no guide to what he would have
made but for the accident. His income cannot be calculated based just on what
he earned in 2007 and 2008 either, because those could have been exceptional
years and, in any case, he was intending to move into a new field overseas.
The plaintiff did not provide the court with figures and supporting documents
showing the income he could have earned from his pipe-cleaning project and
what the expenses would have been, so as to show his net profit. All he said
was that he had quoted a price of €22 for every pipe cleaned and was bidding
for a three-year contract. This was far from the kind of evidence the court
needs to make any reasonable projection as to what his average monthly income
would have been but for the accident. It is not inconceivable either that his
new business could have ended in a financial loss for him.

46 The plaintiff’s main marketable skill was his familiarity with field work
in the oil and gas industry, and his ability to “manage in the field … on
site”. Essentially, he offered the service of supervising field work in the
oil and gas industry. As a supplier of services the income of his business
would be affected by general economic conditions and this is another factor
that makes it difficult for the court to settle on a multiplicand. In the
circumstances, loss of earnings was not the correct way to measure the
plaintiff’s damages.

Quantifying damages to be awarded for loss of earning capacity

47 In _Samuel Chai_ , the Court of Appeal opined that a “conservative
approach” should be taken in the quantification of this head of damage (at
[38]). It has also been stated that damages awarded under this head are
“hugely speculative and difficult to assess” and hence a “large amount will
not be given under this category” except where clear evidence is adduced: _Teo
Seng Kiat v Goh Hwa Teck_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 333 at [10]. In _Clark Jonathan
Michael v Lee Khee Chung_ [2010] 1 SLR 209, I said at [91]:

… The assessment for damages for loss of earning capacity can be _an exercise
in speculation_ as often the court does not know the extent to which a
plaintiff will be disadvantaged by his disabilities if he has to seek a new
position. In the end, it is clear from the cases that _the assessment is a
rather rough and ready one which really reflects the amount that the
particular court thinks is reasonable in the particular circumstances to
compensate the particular plaintiff for the disadvantage he has been put into
in the job market by his disabilities._ [emphasis added]

In the present case, the speculative element arises primarily due to the fact
that the court cannot reasonably predict what the plaintiff’s average monthly
income would have been if the accident had not occurred.

48 The plaintiff’s competitive position in the labour market has been weakened
as a result of the accident and the disabilities that he now suffers. His
weakness in the hands, especially the left hand, restricted neck movements,
and inability to walk more than three or four steps make it almost impossible
for him to go back into the field. The plaintiff himself emphasised that in
his line of work, he had to be physically present at the worksite and be
capable of moving about the worksite with ease. In this situation where the
plaintiff cannot compete in his area of expertise but may still be able to
earn an income in a sedentary job, as opined by Dr Thio, damages for loss of
earning capacity would be more appropriate.

49 The plaintiff claimed that, had it not been for the accident, his average
monthly income would have been $9,357.79. That figure is far too speculative
because it was based in part on his earnings in 2007 and 2008 which were
derived from his own business and from a particular project which ended
without a replacement. Given that a “conservative approach” ought to be taken,
except where there is clear evidence, the remaining possibilities are either
to calculate his average monthly income on the basis of his income from 2004
to 2006 (when he was an employee) or to base it on his income on the last of
those years for the reason that this is what he was earning at the age of
about 54 when he left the job market to set up his own business. Calculating
the average monthly income according to the plaintiff’s income tax returns
gives a figure of $5,087.58. As for the second possibility, the plaintiff’s
evidence was that he was earning $7,000 a month at his last job which he left
after eight months. I think that to take the last figure would be too high.
The plaintiff was out of the job market for about three years up to the time
of the accident and, if he had re-entered it at the age of 57, might have
found himself required to take a pay cut. Accordingly, it would be fairer to
use the average of $5,087.58 which for present purposes, as it is an estimate
only in any case, can be rounded down to $5,000.

50 I next have to consider a multiplier. The plaintiff was 58 at the time of
the accident. His evidence was he was intending to work to 70. He may have
been able to do so in a self-employed capacity but it is highly unlikely that
he would be employed by others until that age, bearing in mind the physical
requirements of the industry he worked in. One has also to take the
plaintiff’s own pre-existing ailments into account. However, Dr Thio opined
that he was suitable for a sedentary job and he also suggested that there was
a possibility that the plaintiff may be employed as a consultant, working in
an office environment, on oil and gas projects because of his years of
experience in that industry.

51 I have concluded that overall a period of 36 months would be reasonable. I
have noted the AR’s assessment of a multiplier of two years but this
assessment was made on the basis of the plaintiff’s age at trial and after an
award for pre-trial loss of earnings was made whereas I am taking a more broad
approach based on the plaintiff’s age at the time of the accident. The award
does not represent loss of actual earnings but is compensation for the
plaintiff’s reduced ability to earn a living. On the basis of $5,000 for 36
months the award comes up to $180,000.

Conclusion

52 For the reasons stated above, the appeal is allowed in part. I set aside
the awards made by the AR in respect of loss of pre-trial earnings and loss of
future earnings. Instead, the plaintiff is awarded $180,000 as loss of earning
capacity. The award for pain and suffering made by the AR stands.

53 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Nov 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

