Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lawrence Khong Kin Hoong _v_ Singapore Polo Club  
[2014] SGHC 82

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 743 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Daniel Goh, Adrian Wee, Noel Oehlers and Yang Sue Jen
(Characterist LLC) for the plaintiff; Devinder Kumar s/o Ram Sakal Rai and
Adrian Teo (Acies Law Corporation) for the defendant; .  
Parties| :|  Lawrence Khong Kin Hoong — Singapore Polo Club  
  
21 April 2014|  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye JC:

Introduction

1 The Plaintiff sought to set aside the finding by five Committee Members of
the Defendant in a Disciplinary Committee Meeting that the Plaintiff had acted
in a manner prejudicial to the interests of the Defendant. The Plaintiff also
sought to set aside the decision to suspend his membership in the Defendant
for a period of 2 months pursuant to the finding by the five Committee
Members. The Plaintiff argued, _inter alia_ , that the five Committee Members
were tainted by apparent bias. I allowed the Plaintiff’s application. The
Defendant is dissatisfied with the decision and has filed a Notice of Appeal.
I now provide the reasons for my decision as follows.

The Defendant

2 The Defendant is the Singapore Polo Club. It is an unincorporated
association established to provide social and recreational facilities. It
organises the playing of Polo in Singapore and elsewhere. The Defendant is
managed by a Committee, consisting of a President, a Vice-President, a Polo
Captain, an Honorary Secretary, an Honorary Treasurer and four other Members.
This is stipulated under Rule 30(a) of the Defendant’s Constitution (“the
Constitution”). Two additional Members may be co-opted into the Committee
pursuant to Rule 31(1)(h) of the Constitution.

The Plaintiff

3 The Plaintiff was at all material times a Charter Polo Playing Member of the
Defendant. He was elected into the Committee of the Defendant pursuant to an
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Members of the Defendant on 26 March
2013 (“the 2013 Committee”). He was to serve as Honorary Secretary until the
next AGM in 2014.

Background

Voting rights of the Members of the Defendant

4 The background of this case concerned the counting of votes for the motion
of no confidence resolution (the “No Confidence Resolution”) against the 2012
Committee. Hence it is useful to set out the various voting rights of the
different categories of Members of the Defendant. Under Rule 38 of the
Constitution the voting rights also differ depending on the subject matter of
the resolution to be voted upon. For the purposes of this case, it suffices to
note that under Rule 38 of the Constitution, with regard to certain
resolutions that deal with subject matters that fall under the areas listed in
Rules 38(a)–(f), Charter Polo Playing Members like the Plaintiff are given ten
votes while most of the other types of Members have only one vote.

Vote of no confidence against the 2012 Committee

5 On 26 March 2013 the AGM elected the 2013 Committee. The 2013 Committee
comprised of six re-elected members from the 2012 Committee. The composition
of the 2012 and 2013 Committees are as follows (Members of both the 2012 and
2013 Committees are in italics):

Position |  2012 Committee |  2013 Committee  
---|---|---  
President  |  _Iqbal Jumabhoy_ |  _Iqbal Jumabhoy_  
Vice-President |  _KP Lee_ |  _KP Lee_  
Honorary Secretary |  _Kevin Wilkinson_ |  Lawrence Khong  
Honorary Treasurer |  Graham Cox |  Christine Foong  
Polo Captain |  Jeffrey Hardee |  Ali Namazie  
Committee Members  |  _Lynly Fong_ _Stijn Welkers_ _Ian Lander_ Gary Tiernan |  _Lynly Fong_ _Stijn Welkers_ _Ian Lander_ April Mckenna _Kevin Wilkinson_ (Co-opted on 5 April 2013)  
  
  

6 During the AGM on 26 March 2013, a Member of the Defendant proposed the No
Confidence Resolution against the 2012 Committee. This was because some
Members of the Defendant were unhappy that the 2012 Committee rejected the
application of a former resident Polo professional for Charter Membership. The
Plaintiff seconded this motion. The Resolution was voted upon and passed with
the requisite number of votes. Charter Polo Playing Members were allowed to
field ten votes for this resolution. The results were soon published on the
Defendant’s notice board.

Unilateral change of the results of the vote on the No Confidence Resolution
by the President

7 However, two days after the AGM on 28 March 2013, the Defendant’s General
Manager informed the Plaintiff that the President, Mr Iqbal Jumabhoy, had,
without consulting all Members of the Committee, instructed the General
Manager to make certain amendments to the results of the No Confidence
Resolution and another resolution. This was because Mr Jumabhoy opined that
all Members should only have been allowed to field one vote for each of these
resolutions as they dealt with subject matters that did not fall under the
listed grounds in Rules 38(a)–(f) of the Constitution. Therefore, the ten
votes for each Charter Polo Playing Member fielded were reduced to one vote.
This adjustment resulted in the final vote count for the No Confidence
Resolution falling below the requisite number of votes required to pass the No
Confidence Resolution, thereby defeating the No Confidence Resolution.

Endorsement of the President’s action by the 2013 Committee

8 On 17 April 2013, the 2013 Committee voted at a Committee Meeting in favour
of Mr Jumabhoy’s amendments. All six 2012 Committee Members who were part of
the 2013 Committee voted in favour of the amendments. Ms April Mckenna voted
against the amendment. She was not from the 2012 Committee. Ms Christine
Foong, who was also not from the 2012 Committee, abstained from voting. The
Plaintiff and Mr Ali Namazie, the Polo Captain, were not present at the time
of the voting as they had overseas commitments. The amendments were
effectively passed by the 2012 Committee Members who were re-elected into the
2013 Committee. These Committee Members were also the subject matter of the No
Confidence Resolution.

Unhappiness by the Plaintiff over the change of the results of the No
Confidence Resolution

9 The Plaintiff was unhappy with the actions of Mr Jumabhoy and the 2013
Committee. The Plaintiff was of the opinion that instead of unilaterally
amending the results of the Resolution, the 2013 Committee should have invited
the Members of the Defendant to choose whether to rectify or ratify the
results of the No Confidence Resolution. He felt that the 2013 Committee was
attempting to subvert the No Confidence Resolution that reflected badly on the
2012 Committee.

Purported unauthorised use of the Defendant’s E-blast

10 On 28 April 2013, the Plaintiff and Mr Namazie sent a letter to the 2013
Committee demanding them to publish an attached statement regarding the
amendments made to the No Confidence Resolution and the other resolution (“the
Statement”) on the Defendant’s notice board within 24 hours of receipt and to
send the Statement to all members of the Defendant by e-mail. The Statement
denounced the decision of the 2013 Committee to approve Mr Jumabhoy’s
amendments. In particular, the Statement stated that “[t]he Committee had no
authority and power to rescind and revoke the said Resolutions unilaterally”
and that “the Committee’s purported rescission and revocation of the said
Resolutions was [_sic_] incorrect and improper”. The Plaintiff and Mr Namazie
had signed off at the end of the Statement as the Honorary Secretary and Polo
Captain of the 2013 Committee respectively.

11 The Plaintiff and Mr Namazie also instructed the General Manager of the
Defendant to disseminate the Statement to the Members of the Defendant via the
Defendant’s E-Blast database. The Statement was distributed on 28 April 2013,
the same day the letter to the 2013 Committee was sent. The Statement was also
sent to the Registrar of Societies on the same day.

Decision by the 2013 Committee to take action against the Plaintiff

12 At a Committee Meeting on 8 June 2013, the 2013 Committee decided that the
Plaintiff had acted in a manner prejudicial to the interests of the Defendant.
This was premised on the Plaintiff’s alleged distribution of the Statement via
E-Blast without authorisation from the 2013 Committee and the Plaintiff’s
sending of the Statement to the Registrar of Societies.

13 The Committee then, pursuant to Rule 23(a) of the Constitution, issued a
letter informing the Plaintiff to attend a Committee Meeting to answer the
charges. Rule 23(a) states:

If any Member shall, in the opinion of the Committee act in any way
prejudicial to the interests of the Club or its Members, or shall break any
Rule or Bye-Law of the Club, the Committee shall consider the conduct of such
Member at a Meeting of the Committee. If at such a Meeting it is considered
that there is sufficient evidence to justify calling on the Member to answer
any charge made against him, a notice in writing shall be given to the Member
calling on him to attend a Meeting not less than seven clear days after the
date of the notice for the purpose of answering the charges. At such a Meeting
the Member concerned shall be informed of the charges made against him and
shall have the right to be heard in his own defense. If, after hearing the
Member, a majority of the Members of the Committee present at the meeting
shall vote for the expulsion of the said Member, he shall thereupon cease to
be a Member of the Club.

Notice to Plaintiff to attend Disciplinary Meeting

14 On 18 July 2013, the Plaintiff received a letter from Mr Jumabhoy on behalf
of the 2013 Committee. He was told to attend a Disciplinary Committee Meeting
on 3 August 2013 to answer to charges that he had acted in a manner
prejudicial to the interests of the Defendant.

The Disciplinary Meeting

15 The Plaintiff attended the Disciplinary Committee Meeting on 3 August 2013
(“the Disciplinary Meeting”) to answer to the charges. However, only five 2013
Committee Members were present at the Meeting. All five of them, namely Mr
Jumabhoy, Mr Lee, Mr Lander, Mr Wilkinson and Mr Welkers, were also from the
2012 Committee. In an exchange with Mr Jumabhoy during the Disciplinary
Meeting, the Plaintiff indicated that the Committee was improperly constituted
in breach of natural justice as the five Members present were directly or
indirectly implicated by the contents of the Statement. The Plaintiff also
demanded that the disciplinary proceedings take place before a properly
constituted disciplinary tribunal. The Plaintiff subsequently refused to
provide details of the conduct relating to the charges in question and made a
bare denial of the charges. The Disciplinary Meeting was then brought to a
close by Mr Jumabhoy.

Sanction against the Plaintiff

16 The Plaintiff received a Notice of Suspension on 6 August 2013 from Mr
Jumabhoy on behalf of the 2013 Committee. The Plaintiff was informed that
pursuant to the Disciplinary Meeting, the 2013 Committee had decided that he
had acted in a manner prejudicial to the interests of the Defendant for the
following reasons:

(a) He misused the Defendant’s e-mail system to E-blast the Statement, which
had not been approved by the 2013 Committee and without proper authority from
the 2013 Committee;

(b) He misused his position as Honorary Secretary of the Defendant to instruct
the General Manager of the Defendant to E-blast the Statement, which had not
been approved by the 2013 Committee and without proper authority from the 2013
Committee; and

(c) He sent an e-mail to the 2013 Committee, giving them 24 hours to respond
to his demand that they disseminate the Statement to all Members of the
Defendant, when he had already sent out the Statement.

17 The Notice of Suspension further provided that the Plaintiff’s membership
in the Defendant was to be suspended for 2 months from 7 August 2013 although
he was still allowed to keep his horses stabled at the Defendant. This was
pursuant to the power of the Committee to suspend a member under Rule 23(b) of
the Constitution. The Notice of Suspension made no mention of the Plaintiff’s
forwarding of the Statement to the Registrar of Societies, which was one of
the allegations made in the letter informing the Plaintiff to attend the
Disciplinary Meeting.

18 On 19 September 2013, the Plaintiff obtained an interim injunction to
restrain the 2013 Committee’s decision to suspend his membership at the
Defendant.

The Plaintiff’s Case

19 The Plaintiff’s application is based on the following:

(a) That the relationship with the Defendant is contractual and that it is an
express/implied term of the contract that the disciplinary proceedings
instituted against the Plaintiff should have been conducted in accordance with
the rules of natural justice;

(b) That the members of the Disciplinary Tribunal were tainted by apparent
bias;

(c) That the charges against the Plaintiff were duplicitous;

(d) That the disciplinary proceedings violated the _audi alteram partem_ rule;
and

(e) That the decision of the five 2013 Committee Members present at the
Disciplinary Meeting is _ultra vires_ the Defendant’s Constitution.

The Defendant’s case

20 The Defendant denied the Plaintiff’s allegations for the following reasons:

(a) That there is no actual and no reasonable suspicion of bias in this case;

(b) That the principle of necessity allows the five 2013 Committee Members to
sit in the Disciplinary Meeting to hear the charges against the Plaintiff;

(c) That the charges against the Plaintiff were not duplicitous;

(d) That the _audi alteram partem_ rule was not violated during the
disciplinary proceedings; and

(e) That the allegations of ultra vires and other allegations were baseless.

The issues

21 These were the following issues that I had to decide:

(a) What was the legal basis that governed the relationship between the
Plaintiff and Defendant? Was the rule of natural justice an implied term of
their relationship?

(b) What was the test for apparent bias? Was there real/apparent bias by the
Disciplinary Meeting?

(c) Was the principle of necessity applicable to allow the five 2013 Committee
Members to be present at the Disciplinary Meeting?

(d) Were the charges against the Plaintiff duplicitous?

(e) Was the decision to suspend the Plaintiff _ultra vires_ the Defendant’s
Constitution?

(f) Was the _audi alteram partem_ rule breached?

What was the legal basis that governed the relationship between the Plaintiff
and Defendant? Was the rule of natural justice an implied term of their
relationship?

22 In an unincorporated association such as in this case, the basis of the
relationship between member and social club is founded on contract: _Haron bin
Mundir v Singapore Amateur Athletic Association_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 494 at [20];
_The Stansfield Group Pte Ltd (trading as Stansfield College) and another v
Consumers’ Association of Singapore and another_ [2011] 4 SLR 130 at
[114]–[115]. The terms of the contract between the Plaintiff and Defendant are
embodied in the Constitution.

23 The rules of natural justice are universal rules that govern the conduct of
human behaviour. These rules are widely accepted to be of paramount
importance. Contracting parties accept the rules of natural justice as obvious
terms which are often not mentioned in their contract. Hence, courts assume
that parties must have intended these rules to govern their contractual terms
even if the contract is silent as to such rules. Therefore the rules of
natural justice are implied terms of the contract between the Plaintiff and
the Defendant. The rules of natural justice require the Defendant to act
fairly against its Members, such as the Plaintiff, especially when the
disciplinary proceedings may result in sanctions. This view was affirmed by
the Court of Appeal in _Kay Swee Pin v Singapore Island Country Club_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 802 (“ _Kay Swee Pin_ ”) at [2] and [6]:

The legal relationship between any [social] club and its members lies in
contract, and the rights of members are determined by the terms of the
contract, which are found in the constitution or the rules of the club. The
traditional approach of the courts to social clubs is to leave such clubs to
manage their own affairs. _However, where a club expels a member, it may only
do so in compliance with the rules of natural justice_

…

_A duty to act in accordance with natural justice is nowadays considered as a
duty to act fairly_ … All disciplinary bodies have a duty to act fairly as
expulsion, suspension or other punishment or the casting of a stigma may be
involved.

[emphasis added]

24 The application of the implied rules of natural justice varies with the
factual matrix of each case. In _Kay Swee Pin_ , it was held at [10] that the
more extensive and coercive the disciplinary powers of the committee in
question, the more rigorous the application of the rules of natural justice.
The rules of the Singapore Island Country Club in _Kay Swee Pin_ provided the
general committee with powers of expulsion and suspension as well as the
ability to impose lesser penalties on members: _Kay Swee Pin_ at [10]. This is
exactly the same as the disciplinary powers of the Committee of the Defendant
as established by Rules 23(a) and 23(b) of the Constitution. Rule 23(a), as
laid out above, provides the power of expulsion whereas Rule 23(b) stipulates
that:

The Committee may at the conclusion of such hearing suspend the Member or
impose any other lesser penalty.

25 Therefore, a more rigorous application of the rules of natural justice, in
the form of contractual terms implied by law, should apply in this case. Has
the Plaintiff made out a case on the balance of probabilities?

What is the test for apparent bias? Was there real/apparent bias by the
Disciplinary Meeting?

Apparent bias

26 Natural justice involves a duty to act fairly which encompasses a duty to
act impartially: _Kay Swee Pin_ at [6] and [7]. This requires that “the
tribunal tasked with determining the dispute shall be disinterested and
independent”: _Re Shankar Alan s/o Anant Kulkarni_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 85 (“
_Shankar_ ”) at [42]. This encompasses both the rules against actual and
apparent bias. The Plaintiff’s contention was that the Defendant had breached
the rule against apparent bias.

27 In _Kay Swee Pin_ at [77], it was held that the participation of a party
who had earlier disqualified himself from hearing the complaint in the
deliberation process amounted to procedural impropriety. It is evident from
this that the involvement of an interested party in disciplinary proceedings
of private associations is in breach of the rules of natural justice. The
Court of Appeal reached such a finding without determining whether the
decision was actually biased. The rule against apparent bias must therefore
apply to social and recreational clubs such as in this case.

What is the test for apparent bias?

28 Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) in _Shankar_ undertook a very thorough
analysis of local and English jurisprudence before arriving at the test for
apparent bias. He concluded that the two most common tests are based on a
“reasonable suspicion of bias” and a “reasonable likelihood of bias”. In _Tang
Kin Hwa v Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board_ [2005] 4 SLR(R)
604 (“ _Tang Kin Hwa_ ”), Andrew Phang JC (as he then was) also dealt with
these two tests. He came to the conclusion that there is “no difference in
substance” in _Tang Kin Hwa_ at [45]. However, Menon JC in _Shankar_ explained
that there are important differences at [74]–[75]:

I would therefore, with some reluctance, differ from the view taken by Phang
JC in _Tang Kin Hwa_ that there is no practical difference between the two
tests. In my judgment, there are indeed some important difference between them
the most important of which are the reference point of the inquiry or the
perspective or view point from which it is undertaken, namely whether it is
from the view point of the court or that of a reasonable member of the public;
and the substance of the inquiry, namely, whether it is concerned with the
degree of possibility that there was bias even if it was unconscious, or
whether it is concerned with how it appears to the relevant observer and
whether that observer could reasonably entertain a suspicion or apprehension
of bias even if the court was satisfied that there was no possibility of bias
in fact. These two aspects are closely related and go towards addressing
different concerns. The “real danger” or “real likelihood” test is met as long
as a court is satisfied that there is sufficient degree of possibility of
bias. As noted by Deane J in _Webb_ this is plainly a lower standard of proof
than that on a balance of probabilities. But that lower test is in truth
directed at mitigating the sheer difficulty of proving actual bias especially
given its insidious and often subconscious nature.

The “reasonable suspicion” test however is met if the court is satisfied that
a reasonable number of the public could harbour a reasonable suspicion of bias
even though the court itself thought there was no real danger of this on the
facts. The driver behind this test is the strong public interest in ensuring
public confidence in the administration of justice.

29 After explaining the differences in the two tests, Menon JC in _Shankar_
said at [76] that “[i]t is settled law in Singapore having regard to several
pronouncements of the Court of Appeal that the ‘reasonable suspicion’ test is
the law in Singapore”. In applying this test the Court of Appeal in _Tang
Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 576 gave some guidance at [46]:

The test to be applied in determining whether there is any apparent bias on
the part of the tribunal hearing the case or matter in question has been
settled by this court in _Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1992] 1
SLR(R) 791 at [79]–[83], and it is this: would a reasonable and fair-minded
person sitting in court and knowing all the relevant facts have a reasonable
suspicion that a fair trial for the litigant concerned is not possible.

30 The test is an objective one. This principle has been adequately described
in _R v West Midlands and North West Mental Health Review Tribunal_ [2004]
EWCA Civ 311 at [6], cited with approval by Philip Pillai J in _Lim Mey Lee
Susan v Singapore Medical Council_ [2011] 4 SLR 156 at [54], as follows:

Public perception of a possibility of unconscious bias is the key … The need
for a Tribunal to be impartial and independent means that “it must also be
impartial from an objective viewpoint, that is it must offer sufficient
guarantees to exclude any legitimate doubt in this respect” …

31 Therefore, the Defendant’s submission that there was no actual bias, which
relates to the subjective state of mind of the arbiter, is insufficient to
disprove apparent bias. The Defendant also contended that the Plaintiff's
failure to raise the issue of bias at the outset of the Disciplinary Meeting
leads to an inference that the Plaintiff did not actually feel that there
would be bias. However, as a matter of fact he did raise it at this meeting.
He felt that the conduct of the Disciplinary Meeting was unfair and he asked
that the hearing be adjourned “on the basis that this is a bias [_sic_]
tribunal, that you are all conflicted” as seen from the notes of the
Disciplinary Meeting.

32 The most important issue in this case is not whether there was actual bias
or whether the Disciplinary Meeting treated the Plaintiff fairly. The issue is
whether a reasonable and fair-minded person knowing the facts and
circumstances of this case would opine that there is a reasonable suspicion of
bias on the part of the five 2013 Committee Members present at the
Disciplinary Meeting. In other words, justice must be seen to be done in that
“the appearance of the matter is just as important as the reality”: _R v Bow
Street Metropolitan Stipendiary Magistrate and others, ex parte Pinochet
Ugarte (No 2)_ [2000] 1 AC 119 (“ _Pinochet (No 2)_ ”) at 139.

Evidence of apparent and real bias

33 I was of the view that there was more than a reasonable suspicion of bias
in the mind of a fair-minded and informed observer. In fact the circumstances
and evidence point towards a real bias whereby the standing and integrity of
the five 2013 Committee Members at the Disciplinary Meeting were severely
compromised. It put into serious question whether the five 2013 Committee
Members at the Disciplinary Meeting were actually acting honestly, fairly and
in good faith. These are the basic values and foundations on which every
legitimate tribunal must operate on.

Members of Disciplinary Committee were also members of 2012 Committee against
which an allegation of impropriety had been raised

34 The five 2013 Committee Members present at the Disciplinary Meeting were
also members of the 2012 Committee who were implicated by the No Confidence
Resolution which was seconded by the Plaintiff after it was proposed by a
Member of the Defendant. The President, Mr Jumabhoy, unilaterally changed the
counting of the votes which resulted in the defeat of the No Confidence
Resolution which was earlier passed. On 17 April 2013, the same five 2013
Committee Members at the Disciplinary Meeting (as well as Ms Lynly Fong,
herself also a 2012 Committee Member) voted in support of Mr Jumabhoy’s change
of the voting rights. The Statement issued by the Plaintiff and Mr Namazie
called into question the propriety of the unilateral amendment of the results
of the No Confidence Resolution.

Co-option of Kevin Wilkinson into the 2013 Committee

35 I noticed that Kevin Wilkinson, who was a member of the 2012 Committee, was
not elected to the 2013 Committee. However, Mr Jumabhoy had proposed Mr
Wilkinson’s co-option to the 2013 Committee. He was co-opted to the 2013
Committee on 5 April 2013 during a Committee Meeting. This happened a few days
before the 17 April 2013 Committee Meeting in which the Committee Members who
were from both the 2012 and 2013 Committees endorsed Mr Jumabhoy’s action to
amend the voting results. Mr Wilkinson also voted in favour of Mr Jumabhoy’s
unilateral amendments at the same Committee Meeting. The circumstances
surrounding the co-option of Mr Wilkinson and the proximity to the Committee
Meeting on 17 April 2013 give rise to the suspicion that he was brought in to
the 2013 Committee to ensure that Mr Jumabhoy’s unilateral action to amend the
voting results received strong support.

Vested interest of the members of the Disciplinary Meeting

36 All five 2013 Committee Members who presided over the Disciplinary Meeting
had a strong vested interest in seeing the No Confidence Resolution defeated
as they were also Members of the 2012 Committee. Their reputation and standing
in the Defendant would certainly be affected by the successful passing of the
No Confidence Resolution. The content of the Statement, which is, as explained
above, relevant to the subject matter of the Disciplinary Meeting, puts this
interest at stake by questioning the propriety of the amendment of the results
of the No Confidence Resolution. The fact that the amendment was also passed
through the sole efforts of the five 2013 Committee Members and Ms Lynly Fong
(who were all from the 2012 Committee) meant that the allegations of
impropriety in the Statement further compromised their reputation and
standing. This was another reason for finding that the five said 2013
Committee Members had an interest in the disciplinary proceedings against the
Plaintiff.

37 The Defendant argued that there would be no personal liability on the part
of any of the 2013 Committee Members who approved the amendment of the results
of the No Confidence Resolution, even if such amendment was later found to be
improper. However, the finding of whether or not there is vested interest is
not confined to personal liability only. If the No Confidence Resolution had
been passed, it would result in the potential loss of reputation by the
Members of the 2012 Committee. It would also undermine their individual
standing in the club. Even though such an interest is not pecuniary, it may
nonetheless result in an arbiter being tainted by apparent bias. This has been
held unequivocally by the House of Lords in _Pinochet (No 2)_ which cited with
approval at 145 the observation of Deane J in _Webb v The Queen_ (1993–1994)
181 CLR 41 (“ _Webb_ ”) at 74:

The area covered by the doctrine of disqualification by reason of the
appearance of bias encompasses at least four distinct, though sometimes
overlapping, main categories of case. The first is disqualification by
interest, that is to say, cases _where some direct or indirect interest in the
proceedings, whether pecuniary or otherwise, gives rise to a reasonable
apprehension of prejudice, partiality or prejudgment_ … The third category is
disqualification by association. It will often overlap the first and consists
of cases where the apprehension of prejudgment or other bias results from some
direct or indirect relationship, experience or contact with a person or
persons interested in, or otherwise involved in, the proceedings. [emphasis
added]

38 The Defendant also relied on the dicta of Deane J in _Laws v Australian
Broadcasting Tribunal_ (1990) 170 CLR 70 at 90 to support the view that
acquaintanceship with and preconceived views about a party may be permissible
and unobjectionable if the designated tribunal is entrusted with other
functions which necessitate a continuing relationship with those engaged in a
particular field. Any acquaintanceship with and any preconceived views of the
Plaintiff _vis-à-vis_ any of the five 2013 Committee Members would not be
sufficient to give rise to a finding of apparent bias in this case. This must
be looked at in context of the Defendant’s circumstances. In this case it is a
private club in which most members would know each other. However, this case
relates to the first category of disqualification by interest under apparent
bias described by Deane J in the passage of _Webb_ quoted above rather than
the third category of disqualification by association. I was not concerned
with any apparent bias that may have resulted from any direct or indirect
relationship, experience or contact with the Plaintiff. What is at issue here
is that the interests of the five 2013 Committee Members at the Disciplinary
Meeting were affected by the No Confidence Resolution which was also the
subject matter of the Disciplinary Meeting.

The finding that the Plaintiff had misused the Defendant’s E-blast

39 The conduct in question during the Disciplinary Meeting concerned the
Plaintiff’s use of the E-blast to disseminate the Statement. The content of
the Statement is relevant in determining the issue of whether there was a
misuse of the Defendant’s E-blast. The Defendant submitted that the sole
purpose of the Disciplinary Meeting was to evaluate the Plaintiff’s conduct in
misusing the Defendant’s E-blast without authorisation. In my view the
surrounding circumstances must be considered for a fair and unbiased
assessment of whether the Plaintiff had acted in a manner prejudicial to the
interests of the Defendant. This would necessarily question the purposes
behind the purported misuse. If the contents of the Statement had contained
matters not concerning the Defendant, such as an advertisement of the
Plaintiff’s entertainment company (to cite an illustration), the misuse of the
Defendant’s E-Blast would have been obvious. In this case, the purpose was for
the distribution of the Statement to Members of the Defendant relating to the
affairs of the Defendant. The Statement informed the Members that the No
Confidence Resolution against 2012 Committee was successfully passed but was
unilaterally amended by the President of the 2012 and 2013 Committees. These
are matters of great interest to the Members of the Defendant. That there was
still a finding against the Plaintiff by the five 2013 Committee Members at
the Disciplinary Meeting despite such circumstances indicates that they were
not properly considered and this gives rise to further suspicions of bias.

40 The Defendant submitted that the fair-minded and informed observer should
not be unduly sensitive or suspicious. However, I would like to point out that
the observer should similarly not be complacent and naïve when the objective
facts point towards a reasonable suspicion of bias. As Lord Hope of Craighead
enunciated in _Helow v Secretary of State for the Home Department and another_
[2008] 1 WLR 2416 at [2]:

The observer who is fair-minded is the sort of person who always reserves
judgment on every point until she has seen and fully understood both sides of
the argument. She is not unduly sensitive or suspicious, as Kirby J observed
in _Johnson v Johnson_ (2000) 2012 CLR 488, 509, para 53 … But she is not
complacent either. She knows that fairness requires that a judge must be, and
must be seen to be, unbiased. She knows that judges, like anybody else, have
their weaknesses. She will not shrink from the conclusion, if it can be
justified objectively that things that they have said or done or associations
that they have formed may make it difficult for them to judge the case before
them impartially.

41 Therefore, given the objective facts before me, I found that the interest
of the five 2013 Committee Members presiding over the Disciplinary Meeting
gave rise to more than a reasonable suspicion of bias. This is viewed in the
eyes of a reasonable observer who is not unduly sensitive or suspicious and
who is also not complacent. A fair-minded and informed observer, cognisant of
the fact that the five 2013 Committee Members at the Disciplinary Meeting were
from the 2012 Committee would have concluded that all five of them had a
vested interest in the determination to be made at the conclusion of the
Disciplinary Meeting. This in turn would give rise to legitimate doubt in the
impartiality of the tribunal from the perspective of an observer. Justice
would not be seen to be done. All five 2013 Committee Members at the
Disciplinary Meeting were tainted by apparent bias. However, even if they were
tainted by apparent bias, would they still be allowed to sit at the
Disciplinary Meeting as a result of the application of the principle of
necessity?

**_Was the principle of necessity applicable?_**

42 The principle of necessity in administrative law is described in
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 1 (LexisNexis Singapore, 2012) at para
10.056:

A person subject to disqualification at common law may be required to decide
the matter if there is no competent alternative forum to hear the matter or if
a quorum cannot be formed without him. Thus, if all members of the only
tribunal competent to determine a matter are subject to disqualification, they
may be authorised and obliged to hear and determine the matter by virtue of
necessity.

43 The rule of necessity was considered in _Anwar Siraj v Tang I Fang_
[1981–1982] SLR(R) 391. It was unsuccessfully invoked because the relevant
legislation provided for an alternative individual to act in the place of the
disqualified arbiter. A P Rajah J had, in that case, impliedly accepted that
the rule applied in Singapore. However, that case seems to indicate that the
rule of necessity is more applicable to public bodies rather than private
disciplinary tribunals. In _Laws_ , Mason CJ and Brennan J described the
underlying rationale of the rule of necessity at 89 as such:

… The rule of necessity gives expression to the principle that the rules of
natural justice cannot be invoked to frustrate the intended operation of a
statute which sets up a tribunal and requires it to perform the statutory
functions entrusted to it. Or, to put the matter another way, the statutory
requirement that the tribunal perform the functions assigned to it must
prevail over and displace the application of the rules of natural justice. …

44 The Defendant counsel in the course of the hearing also relied on two
Malaysian cases, _Fadzil bin Mohamed Noor v Universiti Teknologi Malaysia_
[1981] 2 MLJ 196 and _Datuk T P Murugasu v Wong Hung Nung_ [1988] 1 MLJ 291.
In those cases, the respective constitutions of the private associations
stated that disciplinary powers were vested solely in the disciplinary
committees of the private associations which were made up of specific
individuals. The principle of necessity applied to allow such individuals to
still adjudicate over disciplinary matters despite a finding of apparent bias
because nobody else could make up the disciplinary committee under the
Constitution. The Defendant argued that the situations in these Malaysian
cases were similar to the situation here. Hence the principle of necessity
should also apply in this case. Nonetheless, it is important to examine the
Constitution of each organisation carefully before we come to this conclusion.
I am of the view that, unlike the constitutions of the private associations
dealt with in the Malaysian cases, the Constitution of the Defendant does not
allow for the application of the principle of necessity in this case.

Were the five tainted members of the Disciplinary Meeting the only persons who
could partake in the proceedings against the Plaintiff?

45 Whether the rule of necessity could be applied in this case depended on the
Defendant’s Constitution. Were the five tainted members of the Disciplinary
Meeting the only persons who could have partaken in the disciplinary
proceedings against the Plaintiff? The Defendant submitted that, under Rule
23(a) of the Constitution, the power to institute disciplinary proceeding
rested solely with the Committee. Rule 23(a) stipulates that any disciplinary
hearing shall be conducted by way of a Committee Meeting. Rule 34(b) provides
that “[f]ive Committee Members, three of whom shall be Charter Polo Playing
Members, shall form a quorum.” It was the Defendant’s case that only two 2013
Committee Members who were not from the 2012 Committee could have participated
in the disciplinary proceedings. They are Ms April Mckenna and Ms Christine
Foong. Mr Namazie was not eligible as he would have been disqualified by
virtue of his participation in the very conduct the Plaintiff had to answer
for. Given that two 2013 Committee Members are unable to form a quorum, it
would then be impossible to hold a Disciplinary Committee Meeting pursuant to
Rule 23(a) of the Constitution. Therefore, the Defendant argued that the rule
against apparent bias should not operate to disqualify 2013 Committee Members
who were needed to form a quorum.

Why did the Disciplinary Meeting not include other untainted Committee
Members?

46 I was not convinced by the Defendant’s all-or-nothing argument. Even if the
two untainted 2013 Committee Members, Ms Mckenna and Ms Foong, were unable to
form a quorum by themselves, the Defendant failed to give a proper explanation
as to why they were not present at the Disciplinary Meeting. According to the
minutes of the Disciplinary Meeting, they were simply absent with apologies.
At this juncture, it is telling that Ms Mckenna voted against Mr Jumabhoy’s
unilateral amendment of the voting results while Ms Foong abstained from
voting. The only two 2013 Committee Members who did not support Mr Jumabhoy’s
amendments did not participate in the Discplinary Meeting even though it was
well within the powers of the 2013 Committee to reschedule the Disciplinary
Meeting to a date when both of them would be able to attend. Instead, five
2013 Committee Members who were all tainted with apparent bias made up the
quorum at the Disciplinary Meeting.

47 Even if it was not possible to form a quorum of which all five individuals
were not tainted by apparent bias, having a quorum with some persons who were
untainted is still preferable to one with none. Ms Mckenna and Ms Foong could
have formed a quorum with three other 2013 Committee Members who were tainted
by apparent bias. Justice must, as far as possible, be seen to be done. If
doubts as to impartiality may arise, such doubts should be minimised. The 2013
Committee could have easily minimised such doubts by adjourning the date of
the Disciplinary Meeting to a date when Ms Mckenna and Ms Foong could have
taken part. It did not matter that they might only be two people unable to
form a quorum of five—so long as their presence would have enhanced the
perception of justice being done, their presence is required.

Could have co-opted others to sit in the Disciplinary Meeting

48 Furthermore, Rule 31(1)(h) empowers the 2013 Committee to co-opt a maximum
of two Committee Members who could have contributed to the satisfaction of the
quorum. I noted that Mr Wilkinson who was from the 2012 Committee was co-opted
into the 2013 Committee. He was one of the five 2013 Committee Members who
took part in the Disciplinary Meeting and was tainted by apparent bias.
Nonetheless, the 2013 Committee could have co-opted one more neutral Committee
Member. The co-opted Committee Member could then have formed a quorum with Ms
Mckenna, Ms Foong and two other 2013 Committee Members tainted by apparent
bias. This is an even better alternative as a majority of the quorum would be
neutral.

Delegation of disciplinary powers could have been tasked to sub-committee
under Rule 33

49 Additionally, the Plaintiff submitted that Rule 33 of the Constitution
allowed for the 2013 Committee to delegate its disciplinary powers to a Sub-
Committee. Rule 33 provides that:

The Committee may appoint Sub-Committees which shall have such powers as may
be delegated to them by the Committee in the Minute of Appointment or in the
Bye-Laws; provided that the Committee shall always retain the right to amend
or repeal these powers and any decisions made in exercise of them and at any
time to dissolve a Sub-Committee but no action of the Committee to amend or
repeal a decision which a Sub-Committee was duly authorised to make under its
terms of reference shall retrospectively cause loss to a person who relied
upon the decision.

50 I agreed with the Plaintiff’s submission. Rule 33 provides another
alternative for the 2013 Committee _vis-à-vis_ the constitution of the
tribunal. The Defendant could have appointed a Sub-Committee to exercise the
disciplinary powers of the Committee under Rule 23(a) of the Constitution.
Although the Defendant argued that the power under Rule 23(a) could not be
delegated, there is nothing in Rule 23(a) that forbids the 2013 Committee from
delegating their disciplinary powers. Rule 23(a) gave the 2013 Committee the
power to conduct disciplinary hearings on matters relating to misconduct on
the part of the Members of the Defendant. This power could be delegated to a
Sub-Committee under Rule 33. Nothing in Rules 23(a) and 33 of the Constitution
prohibit this delegation. Rule 33 does not prescribed the number of people in
the Sub-Committee. Thus the Sub-Committee could comprise of the remaining two
2013 Committee Members who were untainted. If the Committee desires to have a
larger Sub-Committee they could co-opt another Committee Member to sit in this
Sub-Committee to hear the disciplinary proceedings against the Plaintiff.

51 The Defendant had sought to rely on a particular interpretation of the
Constitution that would have allowed for the rule of necessity to displace the
rules of natural justice. There must be clear and unambiguous language in the
Constitution to indicate that the power to conduct disciplinary hearing rests
solely with the Committee and that this could not be delegated. Unless all
other interpretations are absurd, this Court should be slow to find that a
particular term of a contract permits any breach of natural justice to occur
via the application of the rule of necessity.

Rule of necessity was not applicable to this case

52 For the reasons stated above, I rejected the Defendant’s submission that
the rule of necessity applied in this case. There were other options available
to the Defendant to convene a fully or partially untainted disciplinary body
without contravening the provisions of the Constitution. The Defendant also
did not take any measures to try to alleviate such apparent bias. The
constitution of a tribunal entirely tainted by apparent bias in this case was
therefore improper.

Were the charges against the Plaintiff duplicitous?

53 The Plaintiff alleged that he had been found guilty of misconduct both as a
member of the Defendant and as an Honorary Secretary for essentially the same
act. He contended that two of the charges related to the use of the E-blast
which was essentially the same conduct and should have been framed in the
alternative. Thus he submitted that the charges were duplicitous.

54 In my view, the Plaintiff might not have appreciated the meaning of
duplicity. He might not have understood the difference between the findings of
the Committee Members at the Disciplinary Meeting and the charges against him.
A charge is an allegation requiring the Plaintiff to provide an explanation or
defence against it. In the context of criminal procedure, the framing of a
charge against an offender is very important as it serves to ensure that the
offender understands the crime he is facing. There are strict procedures to
follow under Part VII of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) for
the framing of a charge. Section 132 of the Criminal Procedure Code requires
that every distinct offence must have a separate charge:

132.

(1) For every distinct offence of which any person is accused, there must be a
separate charge and, subject to subsection (2), every charge must be tried
separately.

(2) Subsection (1) does not apply —

(_a_) in the cases mentioned in sections 133 to 136, 138, 143, 144 and 145;

(_b_) to charges to which the accused pleads guilty; or

(_c_) to charges which the accused and the prosecutor consent to be taken into
consideration under section 148

Therefore, a charge that contains more than one allegation is considered
duplicitous and is defective and invalid. In a criminal proceeding, an
offender faces serious consequences such as fines, imprisonment, canning, etc.
Hence it is vital that the charge must be correctly framed with the relevant
particulars and information so that the offender can focus on the allegation
preferred against him.

In a private disciplinary tribunal, it is not necessary to adopt the stringent
requirements of a proper charge as stipulated in the Criminal Procedure Code.
I agree with the Defendant that for a private tribunal it may not be necessary
to apply the duplicity rule for criminal cases in its full force, subject to
the qualification that the rule of fairness is not breached and the party
answering to the charge or charges is not prejudiced. These are the values
upon which the duplicity rule is founded on. For there to be fairness, the
allegation must be clear and must provide sufficient facts of the event or
incident so that the respondent is able to adequately meet such charges and
defend himself against them. I find support for this in _Mitchell v Royal New
South Wales Canine Council Ltd_ (2001) 52 NSWLR 242 where Ipp A-JA stated at
[50]:

I do not suggest that the rule against duplicity that is applicable in
criminal cases applies necessarily and to its full extent in disciplinary
proceedings of voluntary associations. But, as the rule is one of “elementary
fairness”, the principles that have been developed in criminal law are useful
guidelines in determining the nature of the prejudice that may flow from
duplicitous charges in such proceedings and the consequences that should
ensue.

55 Thus, the main question to be determined is whether such “elementary
fairness” is undermined in this case such that the Plaintiff was prejudiced to
the extent that he was unable to adequately answer to the charges against him.
In this case the letter of notice to the Plaintiff dated 18 July contained the
following allegations:

…calling you to explain your conduct in relation to emailing to all members
via the Club E-Blast database without proper authority from the Committee. The
content of the E-Blast was your personal opinion and not the opinion of the
Committee.

The Committee found that you may have abused the authority in your capacity as
Honorary Secretary and potentially bringing the Club into disrepute by writing
to the Registrar of Societies.

56 The Defendant could have furnished more details to the Plaintiff in the
allegations against him. Nevertheless these allegations were adequate for the
Plaintiff to defend them. There is no evidence that he was not able to
understand the allegations or charges given that the Plaintiff possessed
sufficient knowledge of the events described in the letter. Hence, I found
that there was no issue as to duplicity of charges.

Was the decision to suspend the Defendant ultra vires the Defendant’s
Constitution?

57 The findings of the Disciplinary Meeting were in the Notice of Suspension
addressed to the Plaintiff and are reproduced as follows:

Dear Mr Khong,

…

Having considered the facts and after taking into account your explanations,
the Committee has decided that there is sufficient evidence that your actions
for the points noted herein was prejudicial to the interests of the Club for
the following reasons:

1\. You misused the Club’s email system to E-blast a personal statement, not
approved by the Committee and without proper authority from the Committee.

2\. You misused your position as Honorary Secretary of the Club to instruct
staff of the Club to E-blast a personal statement not approved by the
Committee and without proper authority from the Committee.

3 You sent an email to the Committee, giving them 24 hours to respond to you
as regards your intention to send out your personal statement to members of
the Club, when in fact you had already sent out the said statement, per 1 and
2 above.

58 The first two findings were levelled at the Plaintiff for the same act of
using the E-blast in two different capacities. The first as a Member of the
Defendant and the second as Honorary Secretary. This appears to be punishing
the Plaintiff twice for the same act. When the Plaintiff sent out the E-blast,
he signed the Statement as Honorary Secretary. It is clear that he did not
send it in his capacity as a Member of the Defendant. Moreover, when he gave
instructions to the General Manager of the Defendant to send out the
Statement, it was also done in his capacity as an Honorary Secretary. That was
why the General Manager of the Defendant carried out his instructions. If the
Plaintiff was acting in his capacity as a Member of the Defendant, the General
Manager would not have sent out the Statement unless approved by a Committee
Member as the General Manager is answerable to the Committee and not to the
Members of the Defendant. Hence the first finding of misconduct in the
Plaintiff’s capacity as a Member of the Defendant was misconceived and could
not be substantiated as the Plaintiff was at all relevant times acting in his
capacity as Honorary Secretary and not as a Member of the Defendant

59 Given that the first finding is flawed on the basis that the Plaintiff was
acting only in his capacity as Honorary Secretary of the Defendant, the next
question would be whether the Plaintiff could have been disciplined for acting
in his capacity as Honorary Secretary. The Plaintiff argued that the second
finding was _ultra vires_ the Constitution because the Constitution did not
provide for disciplinary proceedings against a Committee Member such as the
Honorary Secretary. I agreed with this submission. Rule 23(a) of the
Constitution cannot apply to Committee Members as it specifically refers to
disciplinary matters relating to a Member of the Defendant. The only provision
that deals with Committee Members is Rule 30(c) of the Constitution which
states:

Any member of the Committee who is absent from Singapore for a cumulative
period of more than three months during his period of office or who fails to
attend three consecutive General Committee Meetings without an explanation
satisfactory to the Committee may be called upon to resign.

60 Hence the second finding of the Disciplinary Meeting also could not stand
as it would be _ultra vires_ the Constitution.

61 In any event, the second finding is also flawed for another reason. The
Plaintiff was the Honorary Secretary. Hence sending out the materials relating
to the business of the Defendant via E-blast was within the duties of Honorary
Secretary as prescribed under Rule 32 of the Constitution. Rule 32(1)(a)
specifically provides that the Honorary Secretary is to “be responsible for
the general management of the Club and the enforcement of the Constitution and
Bye-Laws.” Hence he should not require the approval of the Committee every
time he uses the E-blast for sending out matters pertaining to the Defendant.
The Statement contained matters relating to the Defendant in which he signed
off as Honorary Secretary. Although that Statement was not approved by the
Committee, the Plaintiff had the authority to use the E-blast. He had merely
sought to keep the Members of the Defendant informed of a Committee decision
that was highly relevant to them and which he thought was contrary to the
Constitution. This is especially so given that he was the Honorary Secretary,
who was responsible for the enforcement of the Constitution. Furthermore, the
Defendant had provided no evidence of any Bye-Laws or Rules that prohibited
the Honorary Secretary to the usage of the E-blast without authorisation from
the Committee.

Was the audi alteram partem rule breached?

62 The _audi alteram partem_ rule is a rule of natural justice and applies to
cases involving disciplinary proceedings in voluntary associations: _Kay Swee
Pin_ at [7]. It requires that the party to the disciplinary proceedings be
given adequate notice of the allegations made against him and that he be given
a fair opportunity to be heard.

63 The Plaintiff submitted that the failure to mention particular allegations
which he was subsequently charged with breached the _audi alteram partem_
rule. The third finding in the Notice of Suspension was that the Plaintiff had
sent an e-mail to the 2013 Committee, giving them 24 hours to respond to his
demand that they disseminate the Statement to all Members of the Defendant,
when he had already sent out the Statement. The Plaintiff argued that the
third finding in the Notice of Suspension was not mentioned in the letter
requesting the Plaintiff to attend the Disciplinary Meeting.

64 The letter requesting the Plaintiff to attend the Disciplinary Meeting
requested the Plaintiff to only “explain [his] conduct in relation to emailing
to all members via the Club E-Blast database without proper authority from the
Committee”. There was no corresponding charge _vis-à-vis_ the third finding
preferred to the Plaintiff when the Defendant served the Notice to the
Plaintiff in the letter dated 18 July 2013. Hence, the Plaintiff was entirely
unaware of the need to answer to the third finding and the _audi alteram
partem_ rule was breached. There was no adequate notice and correspondingly it
was impossible for there to be a fair opportunity to be heard.

Conclusion

65 For the above reasons I was satisfied that the decision of the Defendant’s
Committee to suspend the Plaintiff’s membership violated the rules of natural
justice and ordered that the decision to suspend the Plaintiff’s membership be
set aside. I also allowed the Plaintiff’s claim for damages to be assessed. I
also awarded costs of $8,000 inclusive of disbursements to the Plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

