Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PSONS Ltd _v_ UPF Holding Pte Ltd and others  
[2014] SGHC 93

Case Number| :| Suit No 750 of 2013 (Summons No 1727 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 May 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Pradeep Pillai and Ng Wenling (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for
the plaintiff; P Padman and Aaron Wham (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the
defendants.  
Parties| :|  PSONS Ltd — UPF Holding Pte Ltd and others  
  
6 May 2014|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an application by the plaintiff for leave to appeal to the Court of
Appeal against my decision given on 31 March 2014 in Summons No 5068 of 2013,
where I allowed the defendants’ application to set aside a mareva injunction.
I had originally granted the mareva injunction on 29 August 2013 pursuant to
Summons No 4333 of 2013. The injunction prohibited the disposal of the
defendants’ assets in Singapore up to the value of US$900,000. I eventually
set aside the mareva injunction as I learnt, when parties appeared before me
on 17 March 2014, that the plaintiff was likely to have knowledge of the
unscrupulous activities that it alleged the defendants were involved in. I
thus held that it should not be allowed to avail to the equitable remedy of a
mareva injunction as it did not come to court with clean hands, and
accordingly set aside the mareva injunction. The plaintiff, dissatisfied,
applied for leave to appeal. I heard parties on this point on 28 April 2014,
and was of the view that leave to appeal should not be granted. These are my
reasons.

2 The main claim in this case concerned a deal between the plaintiff, a mining
company, and the first defendant, a trading company involved in the wood and
pulp business. Parties signed a Memorandum of Understanding, under which the
plaintiff paid about US$841,350 to the first defendant, and in return, the
first defendant was to obtain a mining licence for the plaintiff in Laos. The
mining licence was never obtained – notwithstanding many further attempts at
negotiation. On 20 August 2013, the plaintiff commenced Suit No 750 of 2013 in
the High Court. It pleaded two causes of action, namely, breach of contract
and the tort of deceit.

3 Returning now to the present application, Mr Pradeep, counsel for the
plaintiff, made two main arguments in support of the plaintiff’s plea for
leave to appeal. First, that I had made a _prima facie_ case of error in
setting aside the mareva injunction. Second, that there were questions of
further importance upon which further argument, and a decision of the Court of
Appeal, would be to the advantage of the public.

4 First, on the _prima facie_ case of error, Mr Pradeep argued that I had made
errors both of law and fact. He submitted that when I relied on the “clean
hands doctrine”, I did not consider the factor that the “conduct complained of
must have an immediate and necessary relation to the equity sued for”. He
emphasised that the clean hands doctrine does not require that the plaintiff
“must be blameless in all ways” (see _Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v
United Overseas Bank Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 at [225]). Mr Pradeep further
argued that, in this case, notwithstanding any blameworthy conduct on the part
of the plaintiff (which he denies, hence his argument on _prima facie_ case of
error of fact) the plaintiff had not offended the clean hands doctrine as the
alleged conduct did not have an “immediate and necessary relation to the
equity sued for” (see _Dering v Earl of Winchelsea_ [1775-1802] All ER Rep
140). I accept the plaintiff’s proposition, that the conduct must have some
nexus to the equity sought. This had been taken into account in my decision on
31 March 2014. In this case, the equity sought was a mareva injunction – which
is ancillary to a main claim. It would be wholly artificial to view the mareva
injunction in isolation, and consider conduct only immediately relating to one
party’s desire to preserve the assets of another. Rather, the conduct must
surely extend to what transpired behind the main claim that justifies the
granting of the mareva injunction. In this case, the main claim concerned the
agreements between the plaintiff and the first defendant, which included the
Memorandum of Understanding. As such, the plaintiff’s conduct relating to
these agreements must surely have an “immediate and necessary relation to the
equity sued for”.

5 Coming to the conduct of the plaintiff, I found (in my decision on 31 March
2014) that the plaintiff was implicated in all the wrongdoings it seemed to
accuse the defendants of. Mr Pradeep vehemently denied this, and argued that I
had made clear errors of fact in my finding. I disagree. In my judgment, the
conduct of the plaintiff was plain from the following factors:

a. the shady nature of the Memorandum of Understanding (contrary to the
plaintiff’s view that it was a “comprehensive document which [was] 8 pages
long and which [set] out the obligations of each party in detail”);

b. the fact that the first defendant had no experience in the mining industry
and yet was chosen by the plaintiff as a business partner (which the plaintiff
attempted to justify as legitimate given the first defendant’s promise of its
relations in Laos);

c. the fact that the plaintiff continued dealing with the first defendant
despite having discovered the latter had committed forgery of an official
document (which was denied by the defendants, and which the plaintiff
responded to by citing a letter it had sent to the first defendant soon after
having discovered the forgery, in which it stated it would be forced to
instigate civil and criminal proceedings against the defendants); and

d. the sheer sums of money involved – in excess of US$800,000 (which the
plaintiff allegedly thought would be used for administrative costs).

It is apparent, not only from the four aspects of the case referred to above
but also the plaintiff’s corresponding attempts at what seemed to be
embellishing, that the plaintiff’s conduct throughout this episode – from its
dealings with the defendants to its arguments in court – was questionable at
the very least.

6 Mr Pradeep attempted to analogise the plaintiff’s tie up with the first
defendant to an instance of “mere lobbying” – a practice more commonly
observed in other jurisdictions. I did not find this analogy helpful. On the
contrary, resort to this term, steeped in ambiguity (lobbying is notably oft
used as a euphemism for corruption), served to create further doubt as to the
plaintiff’s position. When I asked Mr Pradeep regarding the vast sums of money
involved, he could not explain why such sums were warranted. Instead, he
argued that, regardless of the quantum, the plaintiff could not possibly have
known the monies would have been used for bribes as, pursuant to the agreement
it had with the first defendant, all monies would be returned should the
licence not be obtained. If it is the plaintiff’s case that it was wholly
comforted by the notion that it would get its money bank in the event of
failure, and not at all concerned about the exact use to which the $841,350
would be put by the first defendant, then it seems the plaintiff was finding
comfort in being wilfully ignorant.

7 Mr Pradeep’s second argument in justifying leave to appeal was that a
decision of the Court of Appeal on this matter would be to the advantage of
the public. Specifically, counsel argued that “whether alleged knowledge
and/or encouragement of illicit activity (which is denied) and which is
unrelated to the main claim ought to be sufficient to deny crucial injunctive
relief to the allegedly offending party”. As mentioned earlier, that is not
how I characterised this case. This case was straightforward – it involved an
agreement, forgery, and bribes. Some elements were denied by either party,
some by both. These are matters rightly for trial. At this interlocutory
stage, I had only the submissions of the parties to make a preliminary finding
on the conduct of either party. I reached this finding on 31 March 2014, that
the negative conduct of the plaintiff which – if it was not clear then then it
should be now – bore an immediate and necessary relation to the equity sued
for, should preclude it from equitable relief. It is unlikely that the public
would be advantaged in any way by this matter escalating to the Court of
Appeal at this stage.

8 As such, I have dismissed the plaintiff’s application for leave to appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 May 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

