Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lee Kim Kwong _v_ Singapore Medical Council  
[2014] SGHC 151

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1177 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 July 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lek Siang Pheng, Lim Xiu Zhen and Ang Yi Rong (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the appellant; Tan Chee Meng SC, Chang Man Phing, Ng Shu
Ping and Jocelyn Ngiam (WongPartnership LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lee Kim Kwong — Singapore Medical Council  
  
30 July 2014|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 Dr Lee Kim Kwong (“the Appellant”) is a medical practitioner who has been
registered since 1998 as a specialist in obstetrics and gynaecology with the
Singapore Medical Council (“the Respondent”). Following a complaint by a
patient of the Appellant (“the Complainant”) in relation to a caesarean
section that he performed on her on 17 August 2010, a single charge of
professional misconduct was preferred against him. The allegation of
misconduct contained in the charge was that he had commenced the caesarean
section by making an incision on the Complainant’s abdomen without having
first tested if the anaesthetic earlier administered to her had taken full
effect; and that, even though the incision caused the Complainant to scream in
pain, he continued with the procedure anyway. The charge against the Appellant
itself reads as follows:

That you, Dr LEE KIM KWONG, a registered medical practitioner under the
Medical Registration Act (Cap. 174), on 17 August 2010 at Mount Alvernia
Hospital located at 820 Thomson Rd, Singapore 574623, did perform a lower
segment caesarean section (“the Procedure”) on your patient, [the
Complainant], without ensuring that the anaesthesia had taken full effect,
thereby causing pain and distress to the [Complainant].

_Particulars_

a. The [Complainant] was administered with an epidural injection of local
anaesthetic to the epidural space of the [Complainant] by Dr Lim Eng Siong at
about 8.10 a.m.

b. You commenced the Procedure on the [Complainant] by making an incision
before testing if the anaesthetic had taken full effect.

c. The incision you made on the [Complainant] caused the [Complainant] to
scream in pain. Despite this, you proceeded with the Procedure.

and that in relation to the facts alleged you have been guilty of professional
misconduct under section 45(1)(d) of the Medical Registration Act (Cap. 174)
and in breach of Article 4.1.1.5 of the Singapore Medical Council’s Ethical
Code and Ethical Guidelines.

2 The Disciplinary Committee (“DC”) of the Respondent found the Appellant
guilty of professional misconduct. It ordered that the Appellant be suspended
from practice for nine months and that he pay a financial penalty of $10,000
as well as costs. By the present originating summons the Appellant sought to
set aside the entirety of the DC’s order. Broadly speaking, this was an appeal
against both conviction and sentence. The Appellant asked that this court set
aside the DC’s guilty verdict on the charge of professional misconduct against
him, and in the event that we did not, he asked that the nine-month period of
suspension from practice imposed on him be set aside or reduced. At the
conclusion of the hearing of the appeal we dismissed the appeal against
conviction but, allowing the appeal against sentence, we ordered that the
period of suspension imposed be reduced from nine to five months. We set out
now the detailed grounds for our decision.

Agreed facts

3 An agreed statement of facts was tendered before the DC and we can do little
more than to reproduce most of its contents here. The Complainant first saw
the Appellant in 2008 for the management of her first pregnancy. The Appellant
safely delivered her first child via lower segment caesarean section under
epidural anaesthesia (“EA”) on 6 January 2009 due to failure to progress in
labour.

4 The events giving rise to the charge of professional misconduct against the
Appellant arose out of the Complainant’s second pregnancy. She was scheduled
to undergo a lower segment caesarean section performed by the Appellant on 17
August 2010 at 8.00am at Mount Alvernia Hospital. At 5.25am on that day, she
arrived at the hospital and she elected to undergo the procedure under EA. She
was wheeled into the operating theatre sometime before 7.30am. Dr Lim Eng
Siong (“Dr Lim”), a medical practitioner with a registered specialty in
anaesthesiology, conducted a pre-anaesthetic assessment on the Complainant.
Following completion of this assessment, Dr Lim administered EA. It takes at
least 15 to 20 minutes for the EA to take effect. After the Appellant entered
the operating theatre, the Complainant informed him that she still had some
feeling in her leg. The Appellant acknowledged this.

5 Around 8.20am, the Appellant made a slit (or cut) on the Complainant’s
abdomen; it was indicated in the agreed statement of facts that parties
disputed whether this was properly to be termed a “slit” or a “cut”. This slit
(or cut) caused the Complainant to express pain. Hearing this, Dr Lim
immediately administered a gas mixture of oxygen and nitrous oxide for about a
minute by face mask to sedate the Complainant. The operation ended around
8.45am and the Complainant delivered a baby girl.

The different versions of events

6 The agreed facts are silent as to what happened between the time that the
Complainant was wheeled into the operating theatre sometime before 7.30am and
the time that the Appellant made the slit (or cut) on her abdomen around
8.20am. Unsurprisingly, different versions of events were advanced by the
Appellant and the Respondent before the DC.

7 The Appellant’s version was that Dr Lim, the anaesthetist, administered EA
to the Complainant by 8.00am. The Appellant was informed that the EA had been
administered and he entered the operating theatre shortly after 8.00am. He
greeted the Complainant and it was at this juncture that she informed him that
she still had feeling in her leg. He acknowledged this and told her to wait,
and he then left to scrub up thoroughly. He returned five minutes later and
proceeded to insert a Foley’s catheter into the Complainant for the purpose of
urine management during the operation. Thereafter he changed his gown and
gloves. He painted the Complainant’s abdomen with an antiseptic solution, and
draped sterile cloth over the parts of her body other than the abdomen. The
Appellant’s position is that when an anaesthetist such as Dr Lim allows a
surgeon such as himself to drape sterile cloth over the patient, the
presumption is that the anaesthetist is satisfied with the EA. The Appellant
said “Let’s start”, to which Dr Lim, who was busy writing notes, nodded his
head. It was 8.20am at this point. The scalpel was handed to the Appellant and
he gently made a short superficial slit on the incision site to test if the EA
had taken effect. Elsewhere, he called this a “scratch test”. This caused the
Complainant to express pain in a short loud scream. The Appellant stopped
immediately, and Dr Lim at once gave nitrous oxide to the Complainant. She was
unconscious within a minute or two and Dr Lim asked the Appellant to carry on.
On that instruction, the Appellant continued with the procedure and delivered
the Complainant’s baby.

8 The Appellant’s version of events was supported by the evidence of Florence
Quan, a nurse from his clinic who was in the operating theatre assisting him
during the caesarean section procedure. She testified that the Appellant had
done no more than to make a test scratch – a “nick on the skin” – measuring
between 1 and 1.5cm in length, and that it was this test scratch that caused
the Complainant to scream.

9 The Respondent’s version of events, on the other hand, was that Dr Lim
administered EA to the Complainant at 8.10am and not 8.00am. The Appellant was
informed that EA had been administered and he entered the operating theatre.
He attended to the Complainant and carried out the pre-operation procedures,
including scrubbing and inserting the Foley’s catheter into the Complainant.
After the Appellant had scrubbed and gowned and was ready to commence the
operation, Dr Lim told him that he should wait about ten more minutes before
proceeding with the caesarean section to give the EA time to take effect.
Nonetheless, at 8.20am, the Appellant began the procedure by making an
incision on the Complainant’s abdomen. The Complainant expressed pain but the
Appellant continued with the procedure regardless.

10 The Respondent’s version of events was based on the evidence of the
Complainant and Dr Lim as well as two other persons who were also present in
the operating theatre during the caesarean section procedure, namely, the
scrub nurse Sarah binte Abdul Aziz (“Nurse Sarah”) and the anaesthetic
assistant Victness s/o Ayasamy. The testimony of Nurse Sarah was particularly
significant. She stated that while engaged in certain tasks she heard the
Complainant scream, and that when she turned and looked, she saw that an
incision had been made on the Complainant’s abdomen. This, said Nurse Sarah,
was an incision that exposed the fat layer, and it was a full caesarean
incision in the sense that there was no need to lengthen it thereafter in
delivering the baby.

Findings of the DC

11 The DC rejected the Appellant’s version of events and gave its reasons in
written grounds of decision (“the GD”). It noted the existence of disagreement
as to the exact time at which the EA was administered – 8.00am or 8.10am – but
ultimately took the view that the exact time did not affect its decision as to
whether the charge of professional misconduct had been made out. The reason
why the exact time was irrelevant was that, regardless of when the EA was
administered, the Appellant had an obligation to test if the EA had taken full
effect before commencing the caesarean section (see the GD at [50]). However,
the DC nevertheless proceeded to add that, in its judgment, the evidence would
support the fact that the EA had been administered “at about” 8.10am (see the
GD at [52]).

12 The DC then found beyond a reasonable doubt that, when the Complainant
expressed pain, it was occasioned by an incision made by the Appellant rather
than a test scratch as he claimed (see the GD at [64]–[65]). In particular,
the DC said that the evidence of Nurse Sarah was “compelling” (see the GD at
[56]). The DC held that an incision of that nature could not amount to an
appropriate test of whether the EA had taken full effect (see the GD at [66]).
The DC opined that, speaking generally, whilst the anaesthetist has a
responsibility to check whether the EA has taken effect, the surgeon has the
“ultimate responsibility and primary obligation” to ensure that the EA is
effective before he begins carrying out the surgery (see the GD at [70]).
Moreover, the DC found beyond a reasonable doubt that, in response to the
Complainant’s expression of pain, the Appellant did not stop but simply
proceeded with the caesarean section after the initial incision (see the GD at
[76]). The DC considered this to be “completely unacceptable” given that the
caesarean section was not an emergency procedure (see the GD at [78]–[80]).

13 In the light of these findings of fact, the DC held that the actions of the
Appellant amounted to professional misconduct on either of the two limbs set
out by this court in _Low Cze Hong v Singapore Medical Council_ [2008] 3
SLR(R) 612 (“ _Low Cze Hong_ ”). In that case it was said (at [37]) that
professional misconduct can be made out “in at least two situations”: first,
where there is an intentional, deliberate departure from standards observed or
approved by members of the profession of good repute and competency, and
secondly, where there has been such serious negligence that it objectively
portrays an abuse of the privileges which accompany registration as a medical
practitioner. We will return to these two limbs in _Low Cze Hong_ later in
this judgment (see below at [41]–[44]).

The appeal against conviction

14 We address first the appeal against conviction. In our view, the
appropriate starting point was the DC’s determination that the surgeon has the
“ultimate responsibility and primary obligation” to ensure that the EA is
effective before commencing surgery. We did not think that this determination
could be impugned. This was because a finding “relating to any issue of
medical ethics or standards of professional conduct” is one which this court
is obliged to accept as final and conclusive unless it is “unsafe,
unreasonable or contrary to the evidence”, pursuant to s 55(11) of the Medical
Registration Act (Cap 174, 2004 Rev Ed). We could not see how the DC’s
determination was “unsafe, unreasonable or contrary to the evidence”, and
indeed the Appellant did not even challenge its correctness. On the contrary,
we thought that there was very good reason for this: as the DC pointed out at
[70] of the GD, given the different physiologies of patients and the different
responses that they have to various drugs, the anaesthesia may fail completely
or may not work at its optimum level.

15 Two related consequences followed from this. The first was that the appeal
against conviction could be narrowed to the single issue of whether the
Appellant tested the effectiveness of the EA prior to commencing the caesarean
section on the Complainant. The second was that everything else became of
secondary importance, in particular, the contested question of whether the EA
was administered by Dr Lim at 8.00am or 8.10am. Whatever the exact timing of
this might have been, had the Appellant made an incision without first testing
if the EA had taken effect, he would have been in breach of his obligation to
ensure the effectiveness of the EA, and that in itself could amount to
professional misconduct.

16 The evidence on this particular issue with regard to the appeal against
conviction was entirely oral; the documentary evidence did not shed any light
on whether the Appellant tested the effectiveness of the EA before commencing
surgery on the Complainant. It was, in essence, the testimony of Nurse Sarah
and, to a smaller extent, Dr Lim, against that of the Appellant and Florence
Quan. Having had the advantage of hearing and observing all the witnesses, the
DC unequivocally preferred the evidence of Nurse Sarah. Before us, the
Appellant argued that Nurse Sarah’s testimony was unreliable. In written
submissions supplemented by oral argument, the Appellant attacked Nurse
Sarah’s account on three grounds. None of these arguments was convincing, as
we now explain.

17 First, the Appellant pointed to Nurse Sarah’s inexperience, _ie_ , the fact
that she became a scrub nurse only in 2010, and argued that this therefore
called into question the reliability of her perception of the length and depth
of the alleged incision made by the Appellant and the amount of blood that was
visible. However, we failed to see how such inexperience would have made her
more likely to report having seen fat where none was visible. Nor could we see
how it would cast doubt on her testimony that the incision did not need to be
lengthened further in the course of the operation.

18 Secondly, the Appellant took issue with a portion of Nurse Sarah’s
testimony concerning her handing to the Appellant the scalpel used to make the
incision, as follows:

MS E ENG [member of the DC]: Okay. When you mentioned that you heard the
patient screamed and the incision was already made, who supposed to be the
person who passed to the surgeon the knife or the scalpel? Yourself or the
assisting nurse?

A. Sorry. Before or after?

MS E ENG: Because you said when you fits up the suction --

A. Mm-hm.

MS E ENG: -- the diathermy, you already heard the patient screamed.

A. Yes.

MS E ENG: So when you look at it --

A. I was the one --

MS E ENG: -- incision --

A. -- who passed the knife. I -- I – I was the one who put the knife and the
forceps there.

We understood the Appellant to argue that this passage demonstrated Nurse
Sarah’s evasiveness, in that she testified that she put the scalpel “there”
rather than that she handed it to the Appellant, when the latter, it was said,
would have been the “textbook” thing to do. But we could not see how an
inference of evasiveness could be drawn from this passage, nor did we think it
was at all a material point whether the scalpel was handed to the Appellant or
placed in some undefined locale “there”, for it was beyond dispute that the
Appellant eventually took hold of the scalpel and used it.

19 Thirdly, the Appellant argued that, since by her own account, Nurse Sarah
was engaged in some tasks when she heard the Complainant scream, she might
have missed seeing certain things that would exonerate the Appellant. The
Appellant claimed support for this particular argument from the following
portion of Nurse Sarah’s cross-examination:

Q.So can you maybe help us again by telling us what you recall seeing?

A.Because what I recall is once I’m done with my diathermy and my sucker,
right, when I turn back, patient was already screaming and there was already
incision already made.

Q.Yes. The incision -- how was the incision made?

A.Meaning, I can see the fat layer already.

Q.You can see the fat layer?

A.Yes.

Q.Okay. At this -- at that moment, was the gas already given?

A.When again, sorry?

Q.Was the gas already given at that moment when you saw the incision and the
fat layer?

A.I only remember gas was given after patient screamed.

The last few lines of this exchange, the Appellant submitted, demonstrated
that Nurse Sarah looked at the Complainant’s abdomen only after Dr Lim had
administered the gas mixture of oxygen and nitrous oxide following the
Complainant’s scream. This would mean a period of at least half a minute
between the Complainant’s scream and Nurse Sarah’s earliest sight of the
Complainant’s abdomen, during which period the Appellant could have lengthened
what was initially a test scratch into a full caesarean incision that did not
need to be lengthened further. In other words the Appellant argued that Nurse
Sarah’s evidence did not rule out the following sequence of events: the
Appellant making a test scratch, the Complainant screaming in pain as a
result, Dr Lim administering the gas mixture, the Appellant lengthening the
test scratch into a full caesarean incision, and finally, only then, Nurse
Sarah looking at the Complainant’s abdomen and the incision made thereon. We
rejected the argument without hesitation. In the first place, we could not see
how the portion of Nurse Sarah’s testimony quoted above constituted an
acknowledgement that she looked at the Complainant’s abdomen only after Dr Lim
had administered the gas mixture. Moreover, we thought it highly improbable
that Nurse Sarah would not turn to look immediately upon hearing the
Complainant scream.

20 For these reasons, we did not think that the Appellant’s attempt to call
into question the reliability of Nurse Sarah’s evidence met with any success
at all. It seemed to us that all the Appellant could do was to chip away at
the edges of her testimony without going anywhere near the core of it. Since
Nurse Sarah’s testimony formed the foundation of the DC’s finding that the
Appellant made an incision on the Complainant’s abdomen without having tested
the effectiveness of the EA, and since this foundation remained undisturbed,
we took the view that there was no basis for interfering with that finding of
the DC.

21 Another significant finding of fact made by the DC was that the Appellant
did not stop the procedure following the Complainant’s scream but simply
continued with it. The DC appeared to have based this finding on Dr Lim’s
testimony as well as the fact that the baby was delivered at 8.23am, a mere
three minutes after the incision was made (see the GD at [74]–[75]). To this
might be added Nurse Sarah’s testimony that if the Appellant stopped at all it
was for less than a minute. Likewise, we did not think that we could interfere
with this finding of the DC. It was a matter of oral evidence and the DC had
the benefit we did not have of hearing and observing all the witnesses as they
gave their testimony.

22 The Appellant argued in written submissions that “stoppage of any length of
time is stoppage”. But in our judgment that missed the point. The DC’s view at
[77] of the GD was that acceptable medical practice “would dictate that the
[Appellant] immediately stop the [p]rocedure and carefully consider all
circumstances”. This seemed to us to be another finding relating to standards
of professional conduct such as this court must accept as final and conclusive
unless it was “unsafe, unreasonable or contrary to the evidence”, which, in
our view, it was not. It was therefore not a merely technical question of
whether there was stoppage or not, but a broader one of whether the Appellant
“carefully consider[ed] all circumstances” following the scream, including the
Complainant’s physical and mental well-being. The DC found that the
Appellant’s attitude was quite the opposite; it was one of single-minded
determination to complete the procedure in the quickest possible time with
little, if any, regard to considerations other than pure efficiency. This was,
in the opinion of the DC, “completely unacceptable”, and we had no reason to
depart from that judgment.

23 For the sake of completeness, we note that the Appellant’s claim before
this court was that he merely did a scratch test, and that it was this scratch
test rather than any more substantial cut or incision which caused the
Complainant to cry out in pain. It should be implicit, in our analysis above,
that we rejected this argument, but since it was a contention vigorously
advanced by the Appellant, we deal with it head on. For this, we need only
express our complete agreement with the DC. The DC had (correctly, in our
view) rejected this particular argument, relying, in the main, on Nurse
Sarah’s evidence (see the GD at [56]), which we have already touched on above.
It concluded (again, correctly in our view) thus (see the GD at [64]):

It cannot be disputed that the [Complainant] did in fact scream and was
certainly in a lot of pain as evidenced in the sudden increase in her vital
parameters at that particular time. It also cannot be disputed that the cut
made by the [Appellant] penetrated the epidermis and the dermis (which
contained the nerves, thus the pain, and which contained the blood vessels,
thus the bleeding) and so exposing the subcutaneous fat. We can find no reason
to doubt the veracity of the [Complainant’s] evidence as to the pain and
anguish she suffered at the time of the incision. The Committee also finds the
evidence of Nurse Sarah as truthful. The above facts and evidence point to the
inescapable conclusion that the [Appellant] neither did a scratch or a
superficial slit. It was a c-section incision which did not need to be
lengthened.

24 We may summarise our conclusions on the appeal against conviction as
follows. The Appellant had the obligation to test the effectiveness of the EA
before carrying out the caesarean section on the Complainant. This, he did not
do. The Complainant having screamed, the proper response on the Appellant’s
part would have been to stop and carefully consider all the circumstances,
especially the Complainant’s well-being, before proceeding any further. This,
he also did not do. The Appellant’s claim that he had merely performed a
scratch test is also without merit. We thought that the Appellant’s conduct
fell at least within the second limb of professional misconduct as defined in
_Low Cze Hong_ , which is to say, we thought that there had been such serious
negligence that it objectively portrayed an abuse of the privileges which
accompany registration as a medical practitioner. Therefore, we upheld the
DC’s guilty verdict on the charge of professional misconduct against the
Appellant.

The appeal against sentence

The Appellant’s conduct of his defence as an aggravating factor

25 There remained the appeal against sentence. Before we discuss the
sentencing precedents that the Appellant and Respondent cited before us, we
address an aggravating factor identified by the DC at [85(b)] of the GD. This
aggravating factor concerned the manner in which the Appellant conducted his
defence. The DC found at [40]–[41] of the GD that the Appellant had, in
effect, tampered with the nursing record for the caesarean section that he
performed on the Complainant, and it said that it was “dismayed and appalled”
by what he had done. This nursing record contains information such as the
operation start time and the type of anaesthesia administered, and the
material point for our purposes is that it indicated that the start time of
the procedure was “0800”.

26 What the Appellant did was this. In the course of preparing his defence, he
took a photocopy of the nursing record and met the operating theatre manager
of Mount Alvernia Hospital, one Ms Roslinda. Ms Roslinda wrote the words
“Patient is in supine position after Epidural Anaesthesia at 0800 hrs” on that
copy of the nursing record and signed beside it. She testified that these were
not her own words; she had not been present in the operating theatre during
the caesarean section on the Complainant, and she did not make enquiries of
those nurses who had been present. Rather, those were the Appellant’s words
and she wrote them at his request. The Appellant did not dispute this. But he
explained that his only intention was to get Ms Roslinda to clarify what a
start time of “0800” meant, since that was susceptible to more than one
interpretation. It could mean the time at which the EA was administered, or
the time at which the Complainant was ready for surgery, or the time at which
the scalpel was actually applied to the skin. He thought that Ms Roslinda
would be able to tell him what the practice was at the hospital, _ie_ , what
the start time on its nursing records was generally understood to mean. He
argued that there was no attempt to deceive or mislead the DC; he had never
denied that Ms Roslinda’s annotations were made after the event and were not
part of the original nursing record. He was merely seeking to resolve the
ambiguity on the face of the nursing record.

27 Unfortunately, we did not find this benign construction that the Appellant
placed on his own conduct convincing. The fact is that the Appellant chose to
tender before the DC the copy of the nursing record containing Ms Roslinda’s
annotations. This would not have been necessary if the Appellant had truly
wanted nothing more than to clarify the nursing record, for the Appellant
could simply have shown the nursing record to Ms Roslinda in the witness box
and asked her what was meant by a start time of “0800”. The picture became
clearer when we had regard to the report of one Dr Boey, the anaesthetist whom
the Appellant called to give evidence as an expert before the DC. In this
report, Dr Boey opined that it was likely that the EA had been administered by
8.00am. One of his stated reasons for holding such an opinion was that the
timing of 8.00am “seems to have been borne out by the [nursing record], which
documented that the [Complainant] was supine and ready for surgery at
0800Hrs”. Dr Boey observed that “[t]here is also a note made by [Ms Roslinda]
signed and dated as 13/10/11 that the epidural injection had been given and
the [Complainant] was in the supine position at 0800Hrs”. This suggested to us
that Dr Boey did not know that Ms Roslinda’s annotations were in fact the
Appellant’s words. Nor did Dr Boey think that her annotations merely explained
what nursing records generally meant at Mount Alvernia Hospital. That, in
turn, suggested that the Appellant presented the annotations to his own expert
witness not as his own words, and not as a statement of general hospital
practice, but as objective evidence of the fact that the EA had been
administered by 8.00am.

28 The inescapable inference was that the Appellant offered the modified
nursing record as evidence that the EA had been administered by 8.00am despite
knowing full well that it could not be evidence of that since it was something
that he had instructed Ms Roslinda to write, and since Ms Roslinda would not
have been in any position to verify the truth of what she had written. He
sought to create the impression that an independent party had given her stamp
of approval to the interpretation of the nursing record most favourable to
him, in order that Dr Boey and the DC would subscribe to that interpretation.
In short, we thought that this was in fact an attempt to mislead the DC,
albeit one that was somewhat transparent in nature and (hence) unpersuasive.
Hence, we agreed with the DC that this should be an aggravating factor to be
taken into account in determining the appropriate sanction to impose on the
Appellant.

Sentencing precedents

29 We turn now to the sentencing precedents. Among these were three that might
appear to assist the Appellant, for in all of them, the medical practitioner
found guilty of professional misconduct did not have any period of suspension
from practice imposed on him. In our view, however, all three precedents were
not helpful to the Appellant because the comparatively lenient sanctions in
those cases could be explained by certain factors unique to them which do not
feature on the facts in the present case.

30 The first precedent is the case of Dr Koh Gim Hwee. Dr Koh, an obstetrician
and gynaecologist, was found guilty of two charges of professional misconduct.
One was for performing a procedure not within the norms of acceptable medical
practice when he used an instrument known as a Hegar dilator to effect
forcible opening of his patient’s cervix for induction of labour. For a woman
to achieve natural delivery of a baby, the cervix has to ripen via chemical
changes; Hegar dilators, by contrast, dilate the cervix mechanically and are
thus inappropriate for that purpose. The other charge was for failing to
ensure that his patient was adequately informed about her medical condition
and options for treatment. Dr Koh was censured and ordered to pay a financial
penalty of $10,000. The distinctive aspect of this precedent is that the DC in
that case expressly found that Dr Koh had acted “at all times in good faith”,
_ie_ , out of an “honest but ultimately misguided desire” to give effect to
his patient’s preference for vaginal birth over a caesarean section; he had
unfortunately “overlook[ed]” the fact that in expressing this preference, his
patient “was not indicating an intention to overrule his clinical judgment”.
In contrast, the Appellant in the present case did not demonstrate any similar
concern for the interests of the Complainant.

31 The second precedent is the case of Dr S. He failed to take adequate steps
to find a long tonsil swab that he had inserted into the trachea of his
patient but had not retrieved immediately after use, despite having been told
by a nurse after the operation that the swab was missing. He was censured,
even though it appears that swab might have led to his patient’s death – that
causal connection is not apparent from the written grounds of decision, but in
a newspaper article enclosed by the Appellant, it is said that the swab
blocked the airway into the patient’s right lung, and the patient “died after
her lungs collapsed”. The relatively light touch employed in sanctioning Dr S
can be explained by three peculiar factors that the Medical Council took into
account: one, the fact that the medical procedure involved – reconstructive
surgery of the larynx to convert a sub-glottic stenosis – was a “very
complicated” one; two, the “immense contribution” that Dr S had made to
medical students, the National University of Singapore and the profession
generally; and three, the fact that the case had taken nearly ten years to
come before the Medical Council, meaning that Dr S had had to “bear with the
strain” for an “inordinate period”. We saw no similarly exceptional
circumstances in the instant case.

32 The third is the case of Dr K. He was consulted by a nine-year-old patient,
accompanied by his father, who complained of acute abdominal pain. Dr K
concluded that the boy had gastroenteritis. But, in fact, he had appendicitis
and passed away three weeks later. Dr K was found guilty of failing to assess
adequately the medical condition of his patient, as well as failing to keep
proper medical records. He was fined $10,000 and censured. This sanction
imposed by the DC in that case was probably influenced by its appreciation of
the fact that “it is often very difficult to make a diagnosis of appendicitis
in children, especially in obese children such as the Patient”. There was in
the present case no comparable difficulty such as would render less culpable
the Appellant’s failure to test the effectiveness of the EA before commencing
surgery.

33 These three sentencing precedents did not suggest that no period of
suspension should be ordered in the instant case. On the other hand, we
thought that there were three other sentencing precedents that were closer to
the present case. The periods of suspension imposed on the medical
practitioners in those cases ranged from three to six months, without any
financial penalty. We turn now to consider these precedents.

34 The first precedent is _Gan Keng Seng Eric v Singapore Medical Council_
[2011] 1 SLR 745, in which this court affirmed Dr Gan’s conviction on a charge
of wilful neglect of his duties and gross mismanagement of the post-operative
treatment of his patient. Dr Gan performed a procedure on his patient which
failed. One of the known complications of this failed procedure was
perforation of the duodenum, _ie_ , the small intestine. As it turned out, the
patient’s duodenum was perforated and he passed away about eight weeks later.
Dr Gan performed the procedure on the afternoon of 6 December 2005; later in
the afternoon, the patient complained of abdominal pain, and Dr Gan had an
“inkling” that something might be wrong. However, instead of personally
examining his patient, he went home for the day and left matters to the on-
call Registrar. He examined the patient personally only on the following
morning. This, as well as Dr Gan’s failure to order a CT scan – which would
have shown the perforation – in a sufficiently timely manner, was held to be
professional misconduct. Dr Gan was suspended from practice for six months and
censured.

35 The second precedent is the case of Dr L E. He was found to have been
grossly negligent in failing to refer an infant under his care to a consultant
paediatric ophthalmologist for screening of the infant’s retina. This infant
was born at 25 weeks’ gestation, and Dr L E diagnosed her as having
intrauterine growth retardation, prematurity and extremely low birth weight.
The medical practice was to refer infants with extremely low birth weight for
retina screening at four to six weeks’ postnatal age or 31 to 34 weeks’
gestational age, whichever was later; retina-related complications were very
common in these infants but could be prevented through early diagnosis and
intervention. By the time Dr L E made the referral, however, the infant was
seven months old. This was five months later than what medical practice
required. As a consequence, the infant lost all useful vision in the left eye.
Dr L E was suspended for three months and censured.

36 The third precedent is the case of Dr T. He pleaded guilty to two charges.
One was for failing to check his patient’s Hepatitis B status prior to his
patient’s chemotherapy, the context being that chemotherapy is a well-known
cause of reactivation of Hepatitis B. The other was for discharging his
patient without discussing the option of consultation with a hepatologist,
even though the patient’s Hepatitis B had in fact been reactivated. The DC in
that case took into account Dr T’s unblemished 44-year record and testimonials
from his colleagues. Dr T was suspended for three months and censured.

37 It is apparent that the facts in these three precedents are not at all
similar to those in the present case. Nevertheless, we thought that the
precedents provided a degree of assistance because they all involved serious
harm to patients and a negligent failure on the part of the medical
practitioner to do something that he ought to have done which would have
avoided that harm or at least reduced the likelihood of its occurrence. We
were of the view that, as far as it is possible to measure these things, the
culpability of the Appellant was closer to that of Dr L E and Dr T than that
of Dr Gan. There were two factors in Dr Gan’s case that made his conduct
especially blameworthy and which thus set it apart from the Appellant’s. The
first was his knowledge. He had an “inkling” that something was not right with
his patient, and he was informed by the on-call Registrar later that evening
that the patient looked unwell; yet, despite his cognisance of the potential
dangers, he decided not to see the patient until the following morning. The
second factor was that the patient lost his life.

38 It might be argued that, in the present case, the Appellant must have at
least had a similar “inkling” that the EA had not yet taken effect when he
made the incision on the Complainant’s abdomen. After all, the anaesthetist,
Dr Lim, testified that he had advised the Appellant to wait ten more minutes
before commencing the caesarean section. We thought it noteworthy, however,
that no one else in the operating theatre heard Dr Lim say this, and we
thought that this generated a reasonable doubt as to whether Dr Lim did in
fact give the Appellant that warning. This, of course, is not to ascribe
duplicity to Dr Lim; he may simply have been mistaken. But the material point
is that it cannot be said with certainty that when the Appellant made the
incision on the Complainant’s abdomen, he had in his mind the possibility that
the EA may not yet have taken effect. It could be that this simply did not
occur to him, and we considered that we should give him the benefit of the
doubt.

The appropriate sanction

39 As noted above, the sentencing precedents suggested a starting point in the
region of three months’ suspension from practice. On the facts of the instant
case, however, we were particularly perturbed by two things. The first was
that the Appellant’s misconduct took place in circumstances very far from
those of an emergency. The DC made a comment to that effect at [78] of the GD.
It looked to be nothing more than a routine caesarean section; this was not a
case in which surgeon had to act quickly in an emergency situation in order to
avert serious harm to a patient. Given this context, we considered the
Appellant’s haste in carrying out the procedure to be particularly
unacceptable. The second was the manner in which the Appellant conducted his
defence – his getting Ms Roslinda to annotate a copy of the nursing record and
then putting forward those annotations as evidence in support of his version
of events. As we have said, this want of probity on the Appellant’s part was
something properly to be regarded as an aggravating factor.

40 Taking all these matters in the round, we were of the view that the nine
months’ suspension from practice handed down by the DC was manifestly
excessive. We thought that the appropriate period of suspension to impose on
the Appellant was five months. We did not see fit to alter the other parts of
the sentence handed down by the DC such as the financial penalty of $10,000
that the Appellant was ordered to pay. Accordingly, we affirmed the sentence
set out at [87] of the GD save only that we reduced the period of suspension
from nine months to five months.

Concluding observations

41 We conclude these grounds of decision with some observations of a general
nature on the jurisprudence of sentencing in disciplinary cases against
medical professionals. There are broadly two points that we would make. The
first pertains to the two limbs of professional misconduct in _Low Cze Hong_.
The second concerns the continued relevance of sentencing precedents that are
of some vintage.

42 On the first point, we think that a distinction ought always to be drawn in
individual cases between the two limbs of professional misconduct in _Low Cze
Hong_. In the present case, the position taken by the Respondent before the DC
was that it would be proceeding under the first limb only. The DC was of the
view that professional misconduct had been made out not only under the first
limb but also under the second. On our part, we thought that it had been made
out under the second limb, but we could not be sure beyond a reasonable doubt
it had been made out under the first. As we have observed earlier, we did not
think it incontrovertible that the Appellant was conscious of the possibility
that the EA may not yet have taken effect when he commenced the caesarean
section on the Complainant; hence, there was some doubt as to whether the
Appellant was guilty of an “intentional” or “deliberate” departure from
approved medical standards.

43 Thus, the distinction between the first and second limbs in _Low Cze Hong_
was maintained in the instant case. However, in contrast, the distinction was
not apparently borne in mind in many other cases subsequent to _Low Cze Hong_.
We are of the view that, for clarity of analysis, the distinction should
always be drawn in future cases. This would facilitate comparison of like
cases with like: cases under the first limb would draw from sentencing
precedents in which that particular limb was invoked, as would similarly be
the approach for cases under the second limb. In the criminal law there is a
general boundary drawn between intentional wrongdoing and negligent
wrongdoing. So should it be in the medical disciplinary context.

44 However, that is _not_ to say that cases under the first limb, _ie_ , those
that involve an intentional or deliberate departure from medically-accepted
standards, will _invariably_ attract _heavier_ sanctions than cases under the
second limb, which involve serious negligence. For instance, an intentional
departure from medically-approved standards may be motivated by a genuine but
mistaken concern for a patient’s interests, for example, where a doctor
believes that his patient’s condition is beyond the administering of any
accepted treatment and that the only hope for a solution lies in a novel or
experimental method which the medical profession has not yet endorsed. On the
other hand, serious negligence may demonstrate precisely a lack of such
concern for the patient’s interests. Where this is so, negligent wrongdoing
may be deserving of greater punishment than intentional wrongdoing. Put
simply, the precise fact situation would be of the first importance.

45 The second broad point we would make is this. In the present case, it was
to achieve a measure of consistency with the sentencing precedents that we
reduced the period of suspension imposed on the Appellant to five months from
the nine months handed down by the DC. But we would emphasise that fidelity to
precedent ought not to lead to ossification of the law. For circumstances
change: the way medicine is practised now may be different in many respects
from the way it was practised, say, a decade ago, and it may well be rather
different from the way it will be practised a decade from today. A corollary
of this is that, given two similar cases separated in time by a substantial
number of years, the sentence that was appropriate in the earlier case may not
necessarily be appropriate in the later.

46 All we would say is that it is open to the Respondent in future cases to
persuade the DC or this court that relevant sentencing precedents are no
longer a helpful guide to the appropriate sanction that ought to be imposed
because prevailing circumstances are materially different from those at the
time when those precedents were decided. For example, from a cursory
examination of the published grounds of decision of DC cases available on the
Respondent’s website, we note that it is very rare for periods of suspension
to exceed six months. There are two cases in which three years’ suspension was
imposed, one involving gross overcharging of a patient and the other involving
a sexual relationship lasting more than a decade between a medical
professional and a patient who had psychiatric problems, but it would seem
that these are exceptional.

47 Indeed, the Respondent itself, in its written submissions, referred at
least twice to the fact that the precedent concerned was dated, observing that
the case of Dr S (discussed above at [31]) “took place almost 15 years ago and
would not [be] reflective of the needs of the profession and the public
today”, as well as observing that as two other cases “are very old precedents
from almost 20 years ago, the DC is entitled to take the view that the
benchmark should be moved in light of the prevailing circumstances today”. But
it is not enough to state that sentencing precedents should not be followed
simply because they are from another era; some more concrete difference
between the circumstances then and the circumstances now that calls for
correspondingly different approaches or benchmarks should be demonstrated.
Should the Respondent on some future occasion take the view that the
sentencing tariffs have up to that point in time been set too low, whether
generally or in respect of a particular type of case, this is something it
should bear in mind when it makes the argument before the relevant
adjudicatory body.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jul 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

