Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wee Kim San Lawrence Bernard _v_ Robinson & Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
[2014] SGCA 43

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 126 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 August 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Paul Tan (instructed) and Choo Zheng Xi (Peter Low LLC)
for the appellant; M K Eusuff Ali, Megan Chia and Lucinda Lim (Tan Rajah &
Cheah) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Wee Kim San Lawrence Bernard — Robinson & Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2014] 1 SLR 1382.]

7 August 2014|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal arises from an application to strike out a claim for damages for
constructive dismissal and, alternatively, breach of the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence in a contract of employment. The key issue in this
appeal concerns the extent of damages that can theoretically be claimed in
such circumstances.

Background facts

2 The appellant in this case is Mr Wee Kim San Lawrence Bernard (“the
Appellant”). From 9 October 2006 until the end of August 2012, the Appellant
was employed by the respondent, Robinson & Company (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“the
Company”), a retailer which operates the “Robinsons” brand of department
stores in Singapore.

3 The Appellant resigned from the Company on 24 August 2012. It is not
disputed that the Company paid the Appellant four months’ salary in lieu of
notice and the appropriate amount in cash for his unconsumed annual leave.
This was despite the fact that the Appellant’s contract of employment provided
for payment of only two months’ salary in lieu of notice. The relevant
provision in the contract was as follows:[note: 1]

4\. **NOTICE OF TERMINATION**

…

After confirmation, written notice of termination from either party will be
two (2) calendar months or two (2) calendar months’ salary in lieu of such
notice without assigning any reasons whatsoever.

…

4 On 6 December 2012, the Appellant commenced Suit No 1036 of 2012 (“the
Suit”) against the Company seeking damages for constructive dismissal. He
claimed that he had been forced to resign as a result of persecution and
unreasonable bias that had been directed towards him by the Company or its
officers. In the alternative, the Appellant claimed that the Company had
breached the implied term of mutual trust and confidence in his contract of
employment with the Company.

5 On 18 June 2013, the Company filed Summons No 3064 of 2013 (“SUM 3064/2013”)
with a supporting affidavit to strike out the Suit. On 15 July 2013, the
Appellant filed an affidavit to oppose the Company’s striking-out application.
In response, the Company filed Summons No 3969 of 2013 to expunge two
paragraphs of the Appellant’s affidavit. The summonses were heard on 6 August
2013 by an assistant registrar (“the AR”), who granted both applications.

6 Thereafter, on 20 August 2013, the Appellant filed Registrar’s Appeal No 286
of 2013 (“RA 286/2013”) against the AR’s decision to strike out his claim and
Registrar’s Appeal No 287 of 2013 against the AR’s decision to strike out the
two paragraphs of his affidavit. The two appeals were heard together on 9
September 2013 by a High Court judge (“the Judge”), who dismissed both
appeals. The Judge’s grounds of decision are reported in _Wee Kim San Lawrence
Bernard v Robinson & Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2014] 1 SLR 1382 (“the GD”).

7 The Appellant appealed to this court against the decision of the Judge.
Although the Appellant’s notice of appeal stated that the appeal was against
the whole of the decision given by the Judge on 9 September 2013, it was
subsequently clarified that the appeal was only in respect of the Judge’s
decision in RA 286/2013 upholding the AR’s decision to strike out the
Appellant’s claim. We shall therefore deal with only SUM 3064/2013 and RA
286/2013 in these grounds of decision.

8 On 29 May 2014, after hearing submissions from counsel, we dismissed the
appeal and gave brief grounds. We now give the detailed reasons for our
decision. Before that, however, it is essential that we briefly outline and
explain the arguments made by the parties at various stages of these
proceedings, which in turn shaped the issues that arose for our determination.

The arguments and the proceedings below

The Suit

9 As stated above, the Suit was commenced by the Appellant against the Company
for damages for constructive dismissal and, alternatively, breach of the
implied term of mutual trust and confidence in his contract of employment with
the Company.

10 Pertinently, in relation to the alternative claim for breach of the implied
term of mutual trust and confidence, the writ of summons filed by the
Appellant stated as follows:

9\. Further or in the alternative, the [Appellant’s] claim against the
[Company] is for breach of [the] implied term of mutual trust and confidence
in the [Appellant’s] employment agreement with the [Company].

_PARTICULARS OF CONSTRUCTIVE DISMISSAL_

(a) There is an implied term of mutual trust and confidence in relation to the
[Appellant’s] employment agreement with the [Company], which the [Company]
profess to uphold in their Fair Employment Practices’ tagline “We are proud to
be an equal opportunity employer”.

(b) It is further clear, in the treatment of the [Appellant], that the
[Company] had acted unfairly in the [_sic_] breach of the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence, and had, therefore, repudiated the [Appellant’s]
contract of employment and effected a constructive dismissal[.]

The striking-out application

Before the AR

11 The Company applied in SUM 3064/2013 to strike out the Appellant’s claim in
the Suit pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the Rules”) on the ground that it was frivolous, vexatious and an abuse
of process. The Company submitted that the Appellant’s claim was legally
unsustainable because even if the Appellant had been constructively dismissed
(which it denied), he would not have been entitled to anything more than two
months’ salary as stated in his employment contract. As it was, he had already
received more than this amount. Moreover, the Company argued, the Appellant’s
claim was an abuse of process as it had been commenced for the collateral
purpose of exerting pressure on the Company to pay him additional sums.

12 The Appellant’s argument in response was that his cause of action in
constructive dismissal was legally and factually sustainable. Relying on the
decision of the House of Lords in _Malik v Bank of Credit and Commerce
International SA_ [1998] AC 20 (“ _Malik_ ”), among other case authorities,
the Appellant argued that he could mount a claim against the Company for
continuing financial loss beyond the contractual notice period stated in his
employment contract if the Company had breached the implied term of mutual
trust and confidence, resulting in a loss of future employment prospects.

13 The AR granted the Company’s striking-out application, noting that the
Appellant had not pleaded any special damages for his alleged inability to
secure employment following his alleged constructive dismissal by the Company.

Before the Judge

14 In the Appellant’s appeal against the AR’s decision in SUM 3064/2013 (_ie_
, RA 286/2013), the parties’ arguments and their respective positions remained
largely unchanged. In particular, the Company reiterated its position that
although it did not agree that the Appellant had been constructively
dismissed, for the purposes of its striking-out application, it would proceed
on the assumption that that was indeed the case. On that basis, the Company
submitted that since the Appellant had already been paid more than his
contractual entitlement of two months’ salary in lieu of notice, he was not
entitled to any further payments. The Company further submitted that _Malik_
was of no relevance since that case related not to a cause of action founded
on constructive dismissal, but to a separate cause of action for damages
constituted by a loss of future employment prospects.

15 The Judge dismissed RA 286/2013, holding that the Appellant’s claim was
“doomed to fail” (see the GD at [30]) because even if he had been
constructively dismissed, he would only have been entitled to two months’
salary in lieu of notice as stated in his employment contract, and he had
already received more than that. The Judge also stated that _Malik_ did not
assist the Appellant since his statement of claim did not disclose any
particulars relevant to establishing a breach of the implied term of mutual
trust and confidence; neither had the Appellant particularised his claim for
“stigma” losses or damages flowing from the alleged breach.

The arguments before this court

16 In his written submissions, the Appellant raised three main arguments as to
why the Suit should not be struck out:

(a) first, there was an arguable case that he was entitled to damages
exceeding the amount of salary payable for his contractual notice period if
such damages flowed from the breach of the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence in his contract of employment with the Company;

(b) second, he was entitled to seek declaratory relief as to whether there had
been a breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence that entitled
him to resign; and

(c) third, there was a conflict of evidence as to the nature and purpose of
the Company’s payment of four months’ salary to him.

17 The Appellant’s position, especially with regard to his first argument
stated above, was clarified in oral submissions by his counsel on appeal, Mr
Paul Tan (“Mr Tan”). Mr Tan clarified that the Appellant’s claim was neither
for loss of future employment prospects as in _Malik_ , nor for other types of
continuing or post-termination financial losses arising from his dismissal.
Instead, the Appellant was only claiming damages in respect of the alleged
financial loss arising from the premature termination of his employment with
the Company. Mr Tan submitted that the Appellant’s claim for damages beyond
the amount of salary payable for his contractual notice period was legally
sustainable because damages flowing from a breach of the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence in a contract of employment had to be assessed in
accordance with normal contractual principles. According to Mr Tan, this would
be so even if, as in this case, the only consequence of the breach was that it
brought the contract of employment to a premature end. In effect, Mr Tan was
advocating the proposition (in relation to contracts of employment) that a
breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence was so different in
nature from any other type of breach that the damages in respect of the former
type of breach stood to be assessed differently even if it resulted in the
identical consequence as the latter type of breach, namely, the premature
termination of the employment relationship.

18 According to Mr Tan, where the premature termination of an employment
relationship was brought about by the breach of a term other than the implied
term of mutual trust and confidence, damages would fall to be assessed by
reference to the orthodox rule, that is to say, by reference to the salary
payable in respect of the period of notice which had to be given in order to
lawfully effect the termination. However, Mr Tan contended, where the
premature termination was the consequence of a breach of the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence, the employee’s loss should be measured by
reference to what he would have earned had that breach not occurred. The
Appellant’s position was that there was no evidence that his employment with
the Company would have been terminated if the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence had not been breached by the Company. Therefore, he should, in
principle, be entitled to claim damages assessed on the basis that he would
have remained in the employment of the Company indefinitely, subject to the
usual limiting principles of mitigation, remoteness and so on.

19 As against this, the Company maintained that the Appellant’s claim was
legally unsustainable because he had already received more than his
contractual entitlement of two months’ salary in lieu of notice, which was the
normal measure of damages for constructive dismissal. The Company’s position
was that any breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence, as
pleaded in the present case, was relevant only to the issue of repudiation of
the employment contract (_ie_ , constructive dismissal), and that could not
give rise to an entirely separate basis for assessing damages.

The issues in this appeal

20 The issues that arose for our determination were as follows:

(a) Whether, assuming that the Appellant had been constructively dismissed as
a consequence of the Company’s breach of the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence, his claim for damages beyond the amount of salary payable for the
contractual notice period stated in his employment contract was legally
sustainable. We refer to this as “the Measure of Damages Issue”.

(b) Whether the Appellant’s claim should not be struck out because he was
entitled to a declaration that the Company had breached the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence. We refer to this as “the Declaratory Relief
Issue”.

(c) Whether the Appellant’s claim should not be struck out because there was a
conflict of evidence as to the nature and purpose of the Company’s payment of
four months’ salary to him. We refer to this as “the Settlement Agreement
Issue”.

Our decision

The Measure of Damages Issue

21 The Measure of Damages Issue, which concerns the legal sustainability of
the Appellant’s claim for damages beyond the amount of salary payable for his
contractual notice period, formed the main plank of the Appellant’s case. An
action would be legally unsustainable if it is clear as a matter of law that
even if the party concerned were to succeed eventually in proving all the
facts that he has to prove in order to establish his case, he would not be
entitled to the remedy sought: see _The “Bunga Melati 5”_ [2012] 4 SLR 546 at
[39]. This is one of the tests applied to determine whether a party’s claim is
plainly or obviously unsustainable such that it should be struck out under O
18 r 19(1)(_b_) of the Rules.

22 In our judgment, the Appellant’s claim for damages beyond the amount of
salary payable for his contractual notice period was legally unsustainable. Mr
Tan’s contention that breaches of different types of terms which result in
identical consequences can nonetheless give rise to different measures of
damages seems suspect to begin with. Damages are compensatory in nature, and
where the consequences of breaches of different types of terms are the same,
there is no obvious reason to recompense the plaintiff differently based on
the particular type of term that has been breached. It is true that a breach
of an applicable notice period will generally only have one type of
consequence, and that, in contrast, a breach of the implied term of mutual
trust and confidence can have one or more of a variety of consequences. A
breach of this implied term could give rise, as it allegedly did here, to the
premature termination of the employment contract. But, it could also give rise
to an altogether separate category of injury or loss such as emotional
distress or impairment of future employment prospects. The Appellant’s claim
was expressly stated by Mr Tan to be only for damages for financial loss
arising from the premature termination of his employment with the Company. The
claim was not for post-termination losses such as the loss of future
employment prospects, or for other types of injury such as mental or emotional
distress.

23 The concept of constructive dismissal and the implied term of mutual trust
and confidence in an employment contract are distinct but closely related.
“Constructive dismissal” refers to the situation where the employer’s
repudiatory breach entitles the employee to treat himself as discharged from
the employment contract; although it is the employee himself who terminates
the contract, he is considered as having been “constructively” dismissed by
the employer. It is as though the employer had effectively terminated the
contract by manifesting an intention no longer to be bound by the contract,
which position is then accepted by the employee. The concept was explained
thus by Lord Denning MR in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Western
Excavating (ECC) Ltd v Sharp_ [1978] QB 761 at 769:

If the employer is guilty of conduct which is a significant breach going to
the root of the contract of employment, or which shows that the employer no
longer intends to be bound by one or more of the essential terms of the
contract, then the employee is entitled to treat himself as discharged from
any further performance. If he does so, then he terminates the contract by
reason of the employer’s conduct. He is constructively dismissed. The employee
is entitled in those circumstances to leave at the instant without giving any
notice at all or, alternatively, he may give notice and say he is leaving at
the end of the notice. But the conduct must in either case be sufficiently
serious to entitle him to leave at once.

24 The implied term of mutual trust and confidence in employment contracts
developed as a means of bringing employee dismissal cases within the scope of
the doctrine of constructive dismissal and, therefore, within the reach of the
unfair dismissal legislation in England: see _Eastwood and another v Magnox
Electric plc_ [2005] 1 AC 503 (“ _Eastwood_ ”) at [4]–[5]. The developed
formulation of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence, as far as the
employer is concerned, is that the employer shall not, without reasonable and
proper cause, conduct itself in a manner calculated and likely to destroy or
seriously damage the relationship of mutual trust and confidence between
employer and employee: see _Malik_ at 45 (_per_ Lord Steyn). A breach of the
implied term of mutual trust and confidence by the employer would constitute a
breach of a fundamental term of the contract of employment, and an employee
who accepts this breach as a repudiation of the contract would be treated as
though he has been “constructively” dismissed by the employer: see _Eastwood_
at [6]. But, a breach of this implied term can also give rise to other
consequences, as we shall demonstrate below.

25 Where the breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence results
in constructive dismissal, as it allegedly did here, it will give rise to a
claim for what Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead termed “premature termination
losses” (see _Malik_ at 36E), _ie_ , losses that are causally connected to the
premature termination of the employment contract. In such a situation, as a
matter of principle, the damages awarded to the employee should be the same as
the damages which would have been awarded if the employee had been actually
(rather than constructively) dismissed unlawfully. The normal measure of
damages in cases of wrongful dismissal is the amount which the employee would
have received under the employment contract had the employer lawfully
terminated the contract by giving the required notice or paying salary in lieu
of notice, subject to mitigation: see _Alexander Proudfoot Productivity
Services Co S’pore Pte Ltd v Sim Hua Ngee Alvin and another appeal_ [1992] 3
SLR(R) 933 (“ _Proudfoot_ ”) at [13] and _Teh Guek Ngor Engelin née Tan and
others v Chia Ee Lin Evelyn and another_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 22 at [20]. This rule
flows from the established principle that the breach in issue having occurred,
damages are to be assessed on the basis of the defendant’s “least onerous
obligation”. What this means in this context is that the employee is entitled
to be put in the position he would have been in if the employment contract had
been brought to an end lawfully. Where the defendant has the option of
performing a contract in several ways, damages for his breach of contract must
be assessed on the assumption that he will perform the contract in the way
that is most beneficial to himself, and not in the way that is most beneficial
to the claimant: see Harvey McGregor QC, _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2009) at para 8-093 and _Cockburn v Alexander_ (1848) 6 CB
791 at 814. Therefore, in a case of wrongful dismissal (including constructive
dismissal), damages should be assessed on the basis that the employer would
have exercised any power it might have had to bring the employment contract to
an end at the earliest date at which it could lawfully do so: see _Gunton v
Richmond-Upon-Thames London Borough Council_ [1981] Ch 448 at 469.

26 Where a claim is brought for loss occasioned by premature termination of an
employment contract, none of the foregoing analysis is displaced just because
the claim is mounted on the back of an alleged breach of the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence. While the cases have recognised that a breach of
this implied term is capable of giving rise to financial losses of a
_different_ nature which are to be assessed on a separate footing from that
established in the _Proudfoot_ line of authorities, this is so only where the
consequence of the breach is something _other than_ the premature termination
of the employment contract. The leading example of this would be the
“continuing financial losses” sustained and claimed as damages where the
breach has affected an employee’s future employment prospects. This was
recognised as a recoverable head of loss by the House of Lords in _Malik_ ,
subject to proof of causation and the limiting principles of remoteness and
mitigation: see _Malik_ at 37 and 48\. In _Malik_ , it was held that the
employees concerned could prove in the employer’s liquidation for “stigma”
damages reflecting the damage to their future employment prospects caused by
the corrupt manner in which the employer’s business had been run in breach of
the implied term of mutual trust and confidence. Another example would be
financial loss flowing from psychiatric or other illness brought about by the
employer’s breach of this implied term: see _Eastwood_ at [29].

27 Losses of such a nature that flow from a breach of the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence are conceptually distinct from those resulting
from the premature termination of an employment contract, and are therefore
recoverable in principle and liable to be assessed in an appropriate manner.
The limits that apply to the assessment of damages for wrongful dismissal have
nothing to do with the assessment of those types of damages claims. The
decision of the Hong Kong Court of Appeal in _Semana Bachicha v Poon Shiu Man_
[2000] 2 HKLRD 833 (“ _Bachicha_ ”) is instructive in this respect. That case
concerned a domestic helper who was subjected to an oppressive work regime
and, consequently, forced to leave her employment after six months. It was
held that the domestic helper was entitled to damages for wrongful dismissal
on the usual measure, _as well as_ damages for any additional pecuniary loss
caused by the employer’s breach of the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence which was not too remote: see _Bachicha_ at 850E. The court in
_Bachicha_ stated that a given set of facts might constitute both a breach of
the implied term requiring reasonable notice to be given to lawfully terminate
the employment contract, as well as a breach of the implied term of mutual
trust and confidence, thereby giving rise to simultaneous but separate
entitlements to damages (at 848J–849A):

In my view, it follows from the foregoing analysis that a given set of facts
may constitute both kinds of breaches giving rise simultaneously to separate
entitlements to damages, each independently computed, but subject obviously to
the avoidance of any double recovery. The employer’s wrongful conduct might
constitute a wrongful dismissal (particularly in the form of a constructive
dismissal) and at the same time, a breach of the trust and confidence implied
term, the latter causing continuing financial loss not confined by the usual
wrongful dismissal measure.

28 The distinction between the damages recoverable for wrongful dismissal and
the damages recoverable for an independent breach of the implied term of
mutual trust and confidence stems from the different types of consequences
that may flow from such a breach. In some cases, as here, the only consequence
of the breach of the implied term is that it brings about the premature
termination of the employment contract. In such cases, the measure of damages
laid down in the _Proudfoot_ line of cases would apply. In other instances,
the breach might have other consequences. In _Malik_ , for instance, the court
recognised “stigma” damages as a recoverable head of loss flowing from the
breach of an implied but independently actionable term (see _Johnson v Unisys
Ltd_ [2003] 1 AC 518 (“ _Johnson_ ”) at [44] _per_ Lord Hoffmann and at [77]
_per_ Lord Millett; see also _Arul Chandran v Gartshore and others_ [2000] 1
SLR(R) 436 at [23]). As the Hong Kong Court of Appeal noted in _Bachicha_ at
847, _Malik_ showed that:

… where the breach does not relate merely to unlawfulness in the termination
but involves a breach of _some other obligation_ causing the employee loss
going beyond the “premature termination losses” that usually flow from a
wrongful dismissal, damages may properly be recovered in respect of _such
different or further losses_ , provided they are causally attributable to the
breach and not too remote. [emphasis added]

29 The same is true of the Australian cases relied on by the Appellant. These
were similarly instances where the courts were concerned with consequences
_other than_ premature termination arising from a breach of the implied term
of mutual trust and confidence in an employment contract. For instance, in the
New South Wales Court of Appeal case of _Shaw v State of New South Wales_
(2012) 219 IR 87; [2012] NSWCA 102 (“ _Shaw_ ”), the plaintiff mounted a claim
for damages for loss of future earnings and earning capacity arising from a
separate and distinct breach of this implied term: see _Shaw_ at [108]–[116].

30 In the decision of the Federal Court of Australia in _Commonwealth Bank of
Australia v Barker_ (2013) 214 FCR 450 (“ _Barker_ ”), the employer concerned
was found to have breached the implied term of mutual trust and confidence in
failing to take positive steps to consult the employee about alternative
positions and give him the opportunity to apply for such positions before
terminating his employment: see _Barker_ at [131]–[132]. _Barker_ was not
concerned with the employee’s dismissal, since what was at issue was the
employer’s failure to take steps to secure a suitable alternative position for
the employee, which was separate from and anterior to the termination of his
employment: see _Barker_ at [15]. We note in passing that in _Barker_ , there
was a strong dissent by Jessup J suggesting that the implied term of mutual
trust and confidence should not form part of Australia’s law of contracts of
employment; the decision in _Barker_ is presently on appeal before the High
Court of Australia for this issue to be decided.

31 Reference was also made before us to the decision of the Singapore High
Court in _Wong Leong Wei Edward and another v Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte
Ltd and another suit_ [2010] SGHC 352 (“ _Acclaim Insurance_ ”), where, on the
authority of _Malik_ , it was said (at [52]):

… [I]n principle, if it can be shown that the defendant had wrongfully
dismissed [the first plaintiff] in a manner that was dishonest or illegitimate
which amounted to a breach of the implied term of trust and confidence, and as
a direct result of that wrongful dismissal it can be proven that [the first
plaintiff] suffered a real and provable financial loss, in my view, [the first
plaintiff] would be entitled to claim against the defendant for such loss
beyond the contractual notice period.

32 In our judgment, _Acclaim Insurance_ does not stand for the proposition
that an employee whose _only_ complaint is that he has been wrongfully
dismissed may nonetheless claim damages beyond his salary for the contractual
notice period. The claim by the employee in _Acclaim Insurance_ was for
damages arising from the handicap which he allegedly suffered in the labour
market following his wrongful dismissal. The “financial loss” mentioned in the
above passage from _Acclaim Insurance_ was directed at the loss of employment
prospects arising from a breach of the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence (as in _Malik_), and not at the premature termination losses
arising from the wrongful dismissal itself: see _Acclaim Insurance_ at [48].

33 It should further be noted that decisions such as _Malik_ and _Bachicha_ ,
which, in our judgment, stand for the narrower proposition that a breach of
the implied term of mutual trust and confidence can give rise to other heads
of damage where consequences other than premature termination of the
employment contract have flowed, may now have to be read even more
restrictively in the light of the decision of the House of Lords in _Johnson_
and subsequent cases. _Johnson_ held that the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence did not apply in wrongful dismissal cases, such that a claim for
“stigma” damages could not be made where the basis of the action was wrongful
dismissal. This limitation, which has come to be known as “the ‘ _Johnson_
exclusion’”, has been subsequently reaffirmed in English law: see _Eastwood_
and _Edwards v Chesterfield Royal Hospital NHS Trust_ [2012] 2 All ER 278. In
_Eastwood_ , Lord Nicholls described the boundary lines of the “ _Johnson_
exclusion” thus (at [31]):

In cases of constructive dismissal a distinction will have to be drawn between
loss following from antecedent breaches of the trust and confidence term and
loss flowing from the employee’s acceptance of these breaches as a repudiation
of the contract. The loss flowing from the impugned conduct taking place
before actual or constructive dismissal lies outside the _Johnson_ exclusion
area, the loss flowing from the dismissal itself is within that area.

Thus, under English law, claims for damages based on breaches of the implied
term of mutual trust and confidence can only be brought if the cause of action
in question accrued before and existed independently of the cause of action
for wrongful dismissal.

34 No authoritative view has been expressed on the applicability of the “
_Johnson_ exclusion” in Singapore: see _Cheah Peng Hock v Luzhou Bio-Chem
Technology Ltd_ [2013] 2 SLR 577 and _Chan Miu Yin v Phillip Morris Singapore
Pte Ltd_ [2011] SGHC 161. The main rationale underlying the decision in
_Johnson_ was that to allow an employee to recover damages for loss arising
from the manner of his dismissal would be inconsistent with the English
statutory scheme for compensation for unfair dismissal. For the purposes of
the present appeal, it is unnecessary for us to express a final view on this
issue. Regardless of whether or not the “ _Johnson_ exclusion” applies in the
Singapore context, it is clear that where wrongful dismissal is the only
consequence of a breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence and
no other independent consequence flows from such a breach, the only damages
recoverable by the employee will be damages for premature termination losses
flowing from the employer’s failure to give proper notice or pay salary in
lieu of notice.

35 In our judgment, the cases relied on by the Appellant did not stand for the
broad (and, in our view, incorrect) proposition that was urged upon us –
namely, that the normal measure of damages for wrongful dismissal as stated in
the _Proudfoot_ line of cases (see [25] above) would not apply to a case of
constructive dismissal whenever this arose from a breach of the implied term
of mutual trust and confidence.

36 In the present case, it was accepted that the Appellant’s claim was only
for financial loss arising from the premature termination of his employment
with the Company. As such, there was no reason to apply anything other than
the normal measure of damages for wrongful dismissal. The writ of summons
filed by the Appellant alleged that the Company had repudiated the contract of
employment and effected a constructive dismissal by breaching the implied term
of mutual trust and confidence (see [10] above). The Appellant’s pleadings
asserted neither an independent breach of the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence nor any “continuing financial losses” going beyond the premature
termination losses that usually flow from a wrongful dismissal. There was no
question of “continuing financial losses” such as those resulting from an
impairment of future employment prospects, or separate and distinct injuries
such as illness or mental or emotional distress. In truth, the Appellant’s
claim was simply one for constructive dismissal, for which compensation for
the loss suffered would, in this case, be confined to two months’ salary in
lieu of notice as stipulated in the Appellant’s employment contract.

37 There were also difficulties with Mr Tan’s suggestion that the Appellant’s
loss should be assessed on the basis that his employment with the Company
would have continued indefinitely in the absence of evidence that the Company
would have exercised its right to terminate the employment contract at the
earliest opportunity. The very essence of a claim for constructive dismissal
is that the employer is in repudiatory breach of the employment contract and
no longer intends to be bound by it. It is implicit in the nature of such a
claim that had the employee not resigned, the employer would have terminated
the employment contract at the earliest date at which it could lawfully do so.
This, in the end, is another way of making the point that we are driven
ultimately to hold the defendant employer to his least onerous obligation (see
[25] above).

38 Moreover, if the parties have agreed that the employer has a right to
terminate the employment contract upon notice or payment of salary in lieu of
notice, it would be inconsistent with that contractual right to say that the
employer nevertheless has to pay an employee who has been wrongfully dismissed
damages that extend beyond the amount of salary payable for the contractual
notice period.

39 In addition, as we pointed out during the hearing of the present appeal, it
is a well-established principle that there cannot be specific performance of a
contract of employment under the common law: see _Francis v Municipal
Councillors of Kuala Lumpur_ [1962] 1 WLR 1411 at 1417–1418, _Lim Tow Peng and
another v Singapore Bus Services Ltd_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 673 at [17] and [20],
as well as _Arokiasamy Joseph Clement Louis v Singapore Airlines Ltd_ [2002] 2
SLR(R) 924 at [50]. To accept the proposition that damages for constructive
dismissal in the present circumstances should be assessed on the basis that
the employment relationship would have continued indefinitely would seem to be
incompatible with the principle that there is no right to specific performance
of an employment contract, or, to put it another way, no right to require an
employer to continue the employment relationship indefinitely. Yet, this must
be the implicit premise underlying the contention that the employee is
entitled to have his damages assessed on the basis that his employment would
have continued indefinitely.

40 Finally, we note that the Appellant’s contention – _viz_ , that he was
entitled to claim damages assessed on the basis that he would have remained in
the employment of the Company – was contradicted by his own pleadings.
Paragraph 8(f) of the writ of summons filed by the Appellant stated
that:[note: 2]

There were attempts to make the [Appellant] leave the [Company] early, and
there were also threats made to the [Appellant] that if the [Appellant]
refused to accept salary in lieu of notice until 30 November 2012, the
[Company] would serve the [Appellant] a termination letter, and the
[Appellant] would only be paid two months’ salary in lieu of notice.

This statement clearly recognised that if the Appellant had refused to resign
or accept the Company’s termination offer, the Company would have exercised
its contractual right to terminate his employment by paying him two months’
salary in lieu of notice.

41 For all these reasons, we were not with the Appellant on the Measure of
Damages Issue.

The Declaratory Relief Issue

42 We now turn to the Declaratory Relief Issue. In our judgment, the
Appellant’s position on this issue was likewise without merit. The Appellant’s
contention was that whatever else might be said, he was entitled to a
declaration that the Company had breached the implied term of mutual trust and
confidence in his employment contract. There were several difficulties with
this argument.

43 At the outset, as the Appellant himself conceded, he did not in his
pleadings seek declaratory relief. The argument on declaratory relief was
raised for the first time in this appeal. That is a considerable obstacle in
and of itself. But, even if the Appellant were to be allowed to seek
declaratory relief and this matter were to be tried, the question that must
inevitably arise is: to what end? This brings us to the question of whether
there remains a “real controversy” between the parties. That there must be a
“real controversy” for the court to resolve is one of the basic requirements
to establish standing to seek declaratory relief: see _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v
Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 at [14] and _Tan Eng Hong v
Attorney-General_ [2012] 4 SLR 476 at [72]. The declaration that the Appellant
sought in this case would have no consequence at all since, given our holding
above in relation to the Measure of Damages Issue, the Appellant had no
legally sustainable basis to claim anything more than what he had already
received. The Appellant’s interest was to be compensated, and on the view we
have taken, he had already been compensated. There was, therefore, no “real
controversy” left to warrant pursuing any form of declaratory relief.

44 Aside from this, it is evident, for the reasons set out at [45] below, that
the parties had agreed on payment in lieu of notice as the means of settling
the dispute between them. Having entered into such an agreement and having
accepted the payment made by the Company as a consequence, it was
impermissible for the Appellant to then seek to pursue a theoretical claim for
a declaration.

The Settlement Agreement Issue

45 With regard to the final issue, which is the Settlement Agreement Issue,
the Appellant’s argument that his claim should not be struck out since there
was a conflict of evidence as to the nature and purpose of the Company’s
payment of four months’ salary to him was just as untenable as his position on
the other issues. The Appellant’s writ of summons itself stated that “[i]t was
only after protracted negotiations that the [Company] finally agreed to pay
the [Appellant] salary in lieu of notice until 31 December 2012”, suggesting
that the payment of four months’ salary was in consideration of the
termination of the Appellant’s employment and part of a settlement agreement
negotiated between the parties. Moreover, the Appellant did not dispute that
this payment of four months’ salary was in respect of the amount he would have
collected for the period for which he would, pursuant to an alleged agreement
with the Company, stay on with the Company after tendering his resignation,
_ie_ , the period from 24 August 2012 (the date of his resignation) to 31
December 2012 (the date on which it was agreed the Appellant would leave the
Company). He could not subsequently assert that the Company remained liable
for two months’ salary in lieu of notice based on the notice period stated in
his contract of employment; that loss has already been more than compensated
for by the Company.

Conclusion

46 For all these reasons, we dismissed the appeal. As for costs, we awarded
costs to the Company fixed at $20,000 inclusive of all disbursements. The
usual consequential orders will apply. We also clarified during the hearing
that the amount of costs that we awarded was inclusive of the Company’s costs
in Summons No 5520 of 2013, which we ordered on 26 November 2013 to be the
Company’s costs in the cause for this appeal.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”), Tab 6 at p 40.

[note: 2]ACB, Tab 2 at pp 19–20.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Aug 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

