Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Zheng Jianxing _v_ Attorney-General  
[2014] SGHC 120

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 991 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 June 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S.K. Kumar (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) for the
Applicant; Ong Luan Tze, Tan Eu Shan Kevin and Nicholas Wuan (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the respondent  
Parties| :|  Zheng Jianxing — Attorney-General  
  
26 June 2014|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 This Originating Summons (“OS 991/2013”) is an application by Zheng Jianxing
(“the Applicant”) for leave to file an application for a Quashing Order in
respect of his admission to an approved institution, Sembawang Drug
Rehabilitation Centre (“DRC”), pursuant to an Order made by the Deputy
Director of the Central Narcotics Bureau (“Deputy Director”) on 11 May 2006
(“the 2006 DRC Order”) under s 34(2)(_b_) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2001 Rev Ed) (“MDA”).

2 The application was opposed by the Attorney-General (“the Respondent”). At
the conclusion of the hearing on 26 May 2014, I dismissed the Applicant’s
application. I now set out the grounds for my decision.

Background Facts Leading to OS 991/2013

3 On 27 March 2006, the Applicant was stopped by officers from the Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) at Tuas Checkpoint. He was brought to the CNB office
where three bottles of his urine specimen were obtained. An Instant Urine Test
(“IUT”) was carried out on the Applicant’s urine specimen from one of the
three bottles. The IUT result was positive for Amphetamine, Opiate and
Benzodiazepines. [note: 1]

4 The remaining two bottles of urine specimen were sent to the Health Sciences
Authority (“HSA”) for analysis on 28 March 2006. The HSA subsequently issued
two certificates on 5 April 2006 and 12 April 2006 under s 16 of the MDA
certifying that the two bottles of urine specimen belonging to the Applicant
were found to contain 36,300 ng and 98,700 ng of N, a-dimethyl-3,
4-(methylendioxy)phenethylamine per ml of urine respectively. N, a-dimethyl-3,
4-(methylendioxy)phenethylamine is a Class A controlled drug listed in the
First Schedule of the MDA.[note: 2]

5 Statements were recorded from the Applicant and other witnesses in the
course of investigations.[note: 3] The Respondent claimed that the Applicant
had never denied that he had consumed drugs in the course of the
investigations.[note: 4] This was not disputed by the Applicant.

6 The Deputy Director (who was delegated the authority to exercise the power
vested in the Director of the CNB under s 34(1) and s 34(2) of the MDA) made
the 2006 DRC order on 11 May 2006.[note: 5] The Applicant was committed to
Sembawang DRC from 11 May 2006 to 2 May 2007.[note: 6]

7 Several years later, on 12 June 2013, the Applicant was charged under s
8(_b_)(ii) read with s 33A(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“2008 MDA”) for the consumption of methamphetamine (“the LT-1 charge” or
Long Term 1 charge which carries enhanced punishment). One of the bases for
the LT-1 charge was the Applicant’s admission to Sembawang DRC pursuant to the
2006 DRC order.[note: 7]

8 The Applicant brought this application on 17 October 2013 seeking leave to
file an application to quash the 2006 DRC order.

Parties’ Submissions

9 The Applicant argued that the exercise of the Director’s discretion under s
34(2)(_b_) of the MDA is dependent on the existence of an objective fact. He
likened the present case to _Lau Seng Poh v Controller of Immigration,
Singapore_ [1985 – 1986] SLR(R) 180 (“ _Lau Seng Poh_ ”) where it was held
that the Controller of Immigration’s discretion to make an Order of Removal
under s 56(2) of the Immigration Act (Cap 81, 1970 Rev Ed) was dependent on
the premise that the person against whom the order was made had unlawfully
entered Singapore. The Applicant therefore argued that the exercise of the
Director’s discretion under s 34(2)(_b_) of the MDA is dependent on the
existence of accurate and reliable results of urine tests conducted under s
31(4)(_b_) of the MDA.[note: 8]

10 The Applicant contended that the difference between the concentration level
of N, a-dimethyl-3, 4-(methylendioxy)phenethylamine shown in the two urine
analysis certificates from the HSA dated 5 April 2006 and 12 April 2006 was so
“vast” as to render the results of urine tests inaccurate and unreliable as a
basis for the exercise of the Deputy Director’s discretion under s 34(2)(_b_)
of the MDA.[note: 9] He pointed out that the variance of test results was well
above the “maximum 20% allowable difference”.[note: 10] Therefore, he argued
that the Deputy Director should not have relied on the results of the urine
tests. Accordingly, the precedent requirement for the exercise of the
Director’s discretion under s 34(2)(_b_) of the MDA had not been established.
It followed that the Deputy Director had no authority to make the 2006 DRC
order which should now be quashed.

11 The Respondent argued that notwithstanding the higher than 20% variance,
the test results were still valid and could be relied upon to establish the
precedent requirement for the exercise of the Director’s discretion under s
34(2)(_b_) of the MDA.

The Court’s Decision

When will leave be granted to commence judicial review proceedings?

12 An applicant seeking judicial review must meet three conditions for leave
to be granted (_Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew v Attorney-General_ [2013] 1 SLR 619
at [5] and affirmed by the Court of Appeal ([2014] 1 SLR 345 at [5])):

(a) The subject matter must be susceptible to judicial review;

(b) The applicant must have sufficient interest or _locus standi_ in the
subject matter; and

(c) The material before the court must disclose an arguable case or _prima
facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought
by the applicant.

13 There was no dispute that the subject matter of this application is
susceptible to judicial review and that the Applicant has sufficient interest
in the matter to apply for judicial review. Accordingly, the only issue before
me was whether the Applicant had made out an arguable or _prima facie_ case of
reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the Quashing Order sought.

Relevant statutory provisions

14 The relevant provisions of the MDA that govern the procurement and testing
of urine specimens and the making of an order for the admission of a person to
DRC are as follows:

**Urine tests**

31.—(1) Any officer of the Bureau, immigration officer or police officer not
below the rank of sergeant may, if he reasonably suspects any person to have
committed an offence under section 8(_b_), require that person to provide a
specimen of his urine for urine tests to be conducted under this section.

…

(4) A specimen of urine provided under this section shall be divided into 3
parts and dealt with, in such manner and in accordance with such procedure as
may be prescribed, as follows:

(_a_) a preliminary urine test shall be conducted on one part of the urine
specimen; and

(_b_) each of the remaining 2 parts of the urine specimen shall be marked and
sealed and a urine test shall be conducted on each part by a different person,
being either an analyst employed by the Health Sciences Authority or any
person as the Minister may, by notification in the _Gazette_ , appoint for
such purpose.

**Supervision, treatment and rehabilitation of drug addicts**

34.—(1) The Director may require any person whom he reasonably suspects to be
a drug addict to be medically examined or observed by a Government medical
officer or a medical practitioner.

(2) If, as a result of such medical examination or observation under
subsection (1) or both the urine tests conducted under section 31(4)(_b_), it
appears to the Director that it is necessary for any person examined or
observed, or who supplied the urine specimen for the urine tests —

(_a_) to be subject to supervision, the Director may make a supervision order
requiring that person to be subject to the supervision of an officer of the
Bureau for a period not exceeding 2 years; or

(_b_) to undergo treatment or rehabilitation or both at an approved
institution, the Director may make an order in writing requiring that person
to be admitted for that purpose to an approved institution.

…

Precedent requirement for the exercise of the Director’s discretion under s
34(2)(b) of the MDA

15 The only objective fact forming the condition precedent for the exercise of
the Director’s discretion under s 34(2)(_b_) of the MDA is that the Director
must have either the result of the medical examination conducted on a subject
under s 34(1) of the MDA or the results of both the urine tests conducted in
accordance with the procedure prescribed by s 31(4)(_b_) of the MDA. The urine
test results must be positive for the presence of controlled and/or specified
drugs before the Director can exercise his discretion under s 34(2)(_b_) to
have a person committed to an approved institution to undergo treatment and/or
rehabilitation. This was recognised in _Lim Boon Keong v Public Prosecutor_
[2010] 4 SLR 451 where it was stated at [30]:

It is clear from this survey of legislative history that Parliament had, since
1977, laid down specific criteria in relation to the testing of urine samples
for controlled drugs with the intention that they should operate as safeguards
against error. … If I may say so, the safeguards which have been continually
reinforced by Parliament are a very necessary part of the Act, given _the
serious consequences which follow from positive urine tests done in accordance
with s 31(4)(b)_. In this regard, it is to be pointed out that _positive
tests_ not only trigger the s 22 presumption of consumption; separately, they
also _empower the Director of the Central Narcotics Bureau to detain the
person supplying the urine specimen at an approved institution for treatment
and/or rehabilitation, without first having to obtain a court order: see s 34
of the [MDA]_.

[emphasis added]

16 The Applicant contended that where the variance of the results of the urine
tests is higher than 20%, they must be regarded as being so inaccurate that
they cannot even be relied upon as positive test results empowering the
Director to exercise his discretion under s 34(2)(_b_). The Respondent argued
that even when the variance is higher than 20%, the test results are still
valid and can be relied upon to establish the precedent requirement for the
exercise of the Director’s discretion under s 34(2)(_b_) of the MDA.

Calculating Variance

17 When the urine specimen is divided into parts (as directed by s 31(4) of
the MDA) and tested for the presence of drugs, there may be variations in the
concentration levels of drug quantity that is found in each sample. In such
circumstances, the variance of the test results refers to each test result’s
deviation from the mean of all the results obtained, calculated as a
percentage of the mean: Forensic Toxicology Laboratory Guidelines – 2006 at
para 8.3.9 (published by the Society of Forensic Toxicologists and the
Toxicology Section of the American Academy of Forensic Sciences) (“Forensic
Toxicology Laboratory Guidelines”); _Public Prosecutor v Mohammad Ashik bin
Aris_ [2011] 4 SLR 34 at [179] (“ _Ashik_ (HC)”).

18 In the present case, both the HSA certificates were positive for the
presence of N, a-dimethyl-3, 4-(methylendioxy)phenethylamine in the
Applicant’s urine specimen. One bottle of the Applicant’s urine specimen was
found to contain 36,300 ng of N, a-dimethyl-3, 4-(methylendioxy)phenethylamine
per ml of urine and the other was found to contain 98,700 ng of ,
a-dimethyl-3, 4-(methylendioxy)phenethylamine per ml of urine. The mean is
calculated by adding the two amounts of the drug and dividing the sum by 2.
Adding 36,300 and 98,700, we have 135,000 ng. Dividing this amount by 2, we
arrive at the mean of 67,500. The variance of each test result from the mean
is 46.22%.

Was the Deputy Director entitled to rely on results of urine tests to exercise
his discretion under s 34(2)(b) of the MDA even though the variance was higher
than 20%?

19 The Applicant relied on the following authorities to support his contention
that urine test results showing higher than 20% variance cannot even be relied
upon as positive tests empowering the Director to exercise his discretion
under s 34(2)(_b_):

(a) A newspaper article, “Accused let off over drug test discrepancy”, _The
Straits Times_ (7 May 2013) at B4 (“the article”);

(b) _Vadugaiah Mahendran v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 719 (“
_Vadugaiah_ ”); and

(c) _Public Prosecutor v Tan Yong Beng_ (DAC 14343/96; unreported judgment
dated 27 January 1997) (_“Tan Yong Beng_ ”)

I will address each of them in turn.

The article

20 The article states that the prosecution of an accused person named Teo Heuw
Choon was dropped and he was instead issued a stern warning because there was
a significant variance in the quantity of drugs found in his two urine
samples. I do not think the article assists the Applicant. It does not state
that test results where the variance is higher than 20% are inaccurate and
cannot be relied upon at all. In fact, in the article, a spokesperson from the
Attorney-General’s Chambers is quoted as having explained that “[if] narcotics
are present in both [urine test results], it will mean that he or she has
knowingly consumed illicit substances” and that the Prosecution chose not to
proceed with the drug consumption charge against Teo Heuw Choon because it
decided to “err on the side of caution”. This suggests that the Prosecution’s
position was that it could have relied on the HSA certificates but it chose
not to as a matter of caution.

21 In any event, it is not safe to draw the inference suggested by the
Applicant from the Prosecution’s decision to drop the consumption charge
against Teo Heuw Choon because the Public Prosecutor (“PP”) is entitled to and
would likely have taken various factors into consideration when deciding
whether to prosecute him. These include the legal guilt of the offender, his
moral blameworthiness, the gravity of the harm caused to the public welfare by
his criminal activity, the sufficiency of the available evidence against the
offender and the personal circumstances of the offender that may merit showing
a degree of compassion towards him: see _Ramalingam Ravinthran v Attorney-
General_ [2012] 2 SLR 49 at [63].

Vadugiah

22 _Vadugiah_ involved an appeal against a drug consumption charge. The
Applicant only referred to a portion of the judgment where the High Court
summarised the evidence that was led in the course of the trial in the court
below at [6]:

Dr Lui, a scientific officer, gave evidence that the urine sample of the
appellant he tested contained 11-nor-delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic
acid, which is a cannabinol derivative and a Class A controlled drug. The
content was 730 [nanogram] per ml of urine. Ms Ong, another scientific
officer, testified that the content of her sample of the appellant's urine was
848.2 [nanogram] per ml. Her evidence was that a variation of between 10% to
20% was an inherent characteristic of the analysis for such drugs. The
variation was within the acceptable limits. Dr Lui also told the court that
the drug would remain in the user's system for about one to three days.

All this paragraph states is that Ms Ong, a scientific officer, had given
evidence that a variance of between 10% and 20% is within “acceptable limits”.
It does not go further to answer the question of whether test results showing
a variance higher than 20% are so inaccurate that the certificates lose their
value altogether and cannot be relied upon. This case therefore also does not
assist the Applicant.

Tan Yong Beng

23 _Tan Yong Beng_ would appear to support the Applicant’s case. In that case,
the accused faced a drug consumption charge. Both tests conducted on the urine
specimens that the accused provided found the presence of morphine, a
controlled drug. The variance of the results of the urine tests was stated to
be 39%. There was evidence that the Investigating Officer (“IO”) had allowed
the accused to wash the bottles that were given to him for the purpose of
collecting his urine specimens. The IO then gave the accused a rag, which he
obtained from a member of the lock-up staff, for him to dry the bottles.

24 In his Grounds of Decision, the District Judge summarised the evidence of
Dr Lee Tong Kooi (“Dr Lee”), the Head of the Narcotics Laboratory, Department
of Scientific Services in the following terms at [5]:

… [Dr Lee] explained that 10% to 20% variation is allowed because of
experimental or biological factors. When asked to explain the 39% difference
in the present case he said that one possible factor would be the time of
collection of the urine specimens. If they were collected at different times
different concentrations can result. Another factor will be the presence of
water in the bottles if they had been washed but not drained after the wash.
Water can dilute the urine specimens and yield different results. He also said
that if excess water from the bottles had been drained off after washing but
the bottles were not dried the concentration of morphine should not differ. He
testified that under the Misuse of Drugs (Urine Specimens and Urine Tests)
Regulations 1990 there was provision for washing the bottles but there was no
provision for wiping them dry with a cloth after they had been washed. To the
question asked by Defence Counsel whether any impurity in the cloth or rag
that was used to dry the bottles could contribute to the presence of morphine
as well as the difference in its concentration in the specimens Dr Lee
answered that if the cloth contained morphine and it was used to wipe the
bottle it is possible that some of the contents of the cloth would be
transferred to the bottle.

25 The District Judge proceeded to consider whether the presumption of
consumption in s 22 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 1985 Rev Ed) (“1985
MDA”) was invoked. Section 22 of the 1985 MDA provides:

**Presumption relating to urine test**

22\. If any controlled drug is found in the urine of a person as a result of
both urine tests conducted under section 31, he shall be presumed, until the
contrary is proved, to have consumed that controlled drug in contravention of
section 8(b).

Section 22 refers to “urine tests conducted under section 31” of the 1985 MDA.
The relevant parts of that section read as follows:

**Urine test**

31.—(1) Any officer of the Bureau, immigration officer or police officer not
below the rank of sergeant may, if he reasonably suspects any person to have
committed an offence under section 8(b), require that person to provide a
specimen of his urine for urine tests to be conducted under this section.

…

(4) A specimen of urine provided under this section shall be divided into two
parts and each part shall be marked and sealed in such manner and in
accordance with such procedure as may be prescribed.

(5) A urine test shall be conducted by a Government chemist on one part of a
specimen of urine provided under this section and, at the same time or soon
thereafter, a second urine test shall be conducted on the other part of the
specimen of urine by another Government chemist.

The District Judge opined at [6] that in order for the s 22 presumption to
operate, the “urine specimens of the accused must have been _properly obtained
and tested_ ” [emphasis added]. He noted that the IO had given evidence that
the urine specimens were taken at the same time and that there was no evidence
to suggest that the accused had diluted the specimens with water. This meant
that “something had gone wrong in either the obtaining of the urine specimens
by the [IO] _or their testing by the Narcotics Laboratory_ ” [emphasis added].
Dr Lee had also acknowledged the possibility that the bottles could have been
contaminated by the use of the rag to dry them. The District Judge held at [7]
that the presumption in s 22 MDA did not arise if the urine tests were
unreliable. He acquitted the accused without calling for his defence.

26 _Tan Yong Beng_ appears to suggest that “urine tests” within the meaning of
s 31(5) of the 1985 MDA (which is the equivalent of s 31(4)(_b_) of the 2008
MDA and s 31(4)(_b_) of the MDA) comprise both the process whereby the urine
specimens are tested by scientists at the laboratory (“urine testing process”)
and the process whereby the urine specimens are procured from the subject by
police officers (“urine procurement process”). This means irregularities in
either the urine testing process or the urine procurement processes will
prevent the presumption in s 22 from being triggered.

27 The condition precedent for triggering the presumption of consumption in s
22 of the MDA is the same as the condition precedent for the exercise of the
Director’s discretion to have a person committed to an approved institution
for rehabilitation and/or treatment pursuant to s 34(2)(_b_) of the MDA. If
_Tan Yong Beng_ is correct, it would follow that irregularities in either the
urine testing process or the urine procurement process would prevent the
Director’s right to exercise his discretion under s 34(2)(_b_) of the MDA from
arising.

(1) Meaning of urine test within the MDA

28 The suggestion that “urine test” covers both the urine testing process as
well as the urine procurement process in _Tan Yong Beng_ is inconsistent with
the High Court’s decision in _Ashik_ (HC). In _Ashik_ (HC), Chan Seng Onn J
(“Chan J”) considered what constitutes a “urine test” within the meaning of s
31(4)(_b_) of the MDA 2008. Having regard to the plain meaning of that
section, he opined that it only included the urine testing process and not the
urine procurement process. He made the following observations at [241] – [243]
of his judgment:

What parts constitute the “urine test”?

241 The Defence submitted that a “test” is a means, through a “process”, to
ascertain a certain result or conclusion. The “process” is a crucial part of
the test since any error in any part of this process would lead to wrong
conclusions. Thus, every part of this process has to be accurately carried
out.

242 The Defence maintained that the collection of urine is also a part of this
crucial process. Since the test is to determine what drug had resulted from
the metabolism and excretion in the accused’s urine, appropriate precautions
must be taken to ensure that what is found in the urine from the test could
only have originated as a result of excretion and metabolism and not from
contamination. Accordingly, the urine test must cover the process of
collection of the urine, the supervision of the collection and the
implementation of the quality control measures governing the collection. The
Defence appeared to suggest also that the HSA should have exercised
supervisory jurisdiction over the urine collection process at the Police
Station, to ensure that anti-contamination measures are in place so that the
urine tests performed at HSA return results that are not affected by the
possibility of contamination.

243 In my view, _having regard to the plain reading of s 31(4)(b), I do not
think the word “test” can be stretched to include the urine collection process
at the Police Station. The urine “test” can only start after the urine
specimens have been collected, marked, sealed and sent, in this case, to the
HSA for testing and not before._

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

29 The question of when a urine test under s 31(4)(_b_) begins was considered
on appeal as well. However, the accused did not contend that the urine
procurement process was part of the urine test on appeal: _Mohammad Ashik bin
Aris v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 4 SLR 802 (“ _Ashik_ (CA)”) at [16]. The
Court of Appeal held that “urine test” within s 31(4)(_b_) only encompasses
certain processes that take place at the HSA laboratory (_Ashik_ (CA) at [16]
– [19]). The plain language of s 31(4)(_b_) refers to the urine testing
process that occurs at the HSA laboratory and not the urine procurement
process. The Misuse of Drugs (Urine Specimens and Urine Tests) Regulation
(1999 Rev Ed) (“MDR”) also distinguishes between the urine procurement process
(which is governed by reg 3 of the MDR and the detailed procedure stipulated
in the First Schedule to the MDR) and the urine testing process (which is
governed by reg 5 of the MDR). Regulation 5 states:

**Urine test**

5.—(1) Urine tests shall be carried out in accordance with paragraph (2).

(2) The Chief Executive of the Health Sciences Authority shall arrange for
each of the 2 urine specimens to be tested by a different officer and the
results of the 2 urine tests shall be sent to the enforcement officer in
charge of the case.

I believe this makes clear that “urine test” within the meaning of s
31(4)(_b_) of the MDA refers to the urine testing process at the HSA
laboratory and not the urine procurement process.

30 It follows that the presumption of consumption in s 22 is triggered as long
the urine testing process has been conducted in accordance with the
requirements in s 31(4)(_b_). This was what Chan J decided earlier in his
judgment. He stated at [31] and [33] of _Ashik_ (HC):

31 For example, if it were true, as was alleged by the Defence, that HSA was
given urine specimens to analyse that were _pre-contaminated_ with
Methamphetamine, HSA cannot be said to have incorrectly or inaccurately
analysed the contaminated specimens if its analysts were to sign a certificate
stating that Methamphetamine (being the contaminant) was in fact found in the
urine specimens. HSA has correctly and accurately analysed the contaminants in
the specimens. The HSA certificate simply states what substance is found in
the urine specimens (which is the “ _matter(s) contained therein_ ” [emphasis
added] as referred to in s 16) and does not state _why_ that substance is
found there or _how_ that substance came to be in the specimens. From this
analysis, _it can be seen that the pre-contamination as alleged, while
relevant to rebut the presumption in s 22_ , is irrelevant as far as s 16 is
concerned because no rebuttable presumption can possibly arise under s 16 that
the Methamphetamine found is the result of excretion from a person who had in
fact smoked Methamphetamine since nothing of that sort has been stated by
either ORS or BC in their respective HSA certificates.

…

33 _Hence, if pre-contamination is shown on a balance of probabilities to have
accounted for all the Methamphetamine in the urine specimen, then that rebuts
the presumption in s 22 of the commission of the offence of consumption of
Methamphetamine. Therefore, even if s 31(4)(b) is satisfied and the s 22
presumption triggered, the accused must nevertheless be acquitted of the
charge of consumption_ even though the presumption in s 16 itself (_ie_ , that
Methamphetamine was in fact found in the urine specimens sent to HSA for
testing) stands unrebutted. In other words, proof that _all_ the
Methamphetamine found in the urine specimens was caused by contamination does
_not_ rebut the rather “limited” presumption in s 16 that merely presumes the
accuracy of the statement in the certificate that Methamphetamine is in the
urine. Proof by the Defence of the existence of Methamphetamine contamination
of both the urine specimens in fact supports what is presumed in s 16.

Chan J therefore took the view that any irregularities in the urine
procurement process would not affect the triggering of the presumption under s
22 of the MDA. Evidence of irregularities in the urine procurement process
would only be relevant in rebutting the presumption after it has been
triggered. The Court of Appeal also appears to have implicitly accepted this
analysis (see _Ashik_ (CA) at [10] and [16] – [19]).

31 Similarly, I am of the view that the Director’s right to exercise his
discretion under s 34(2)(_b_) of the MDA arises as long as there are two urine
tests conducted in accordance with the requirements in s 31(4)(_b_) whose
results are positive for the presence of controlled and/or specified drugs.
The Director is the sole judge in deciding whether to make an order for
admission. This court should not adjudicate on the matter of whether the
Director was correct in exercising his discretion “so long as the [D]irector
acts fairly, in good faith and follows properly the procedure set out in [the
MDA]”: _Subramaniam s/o Marie and others v Superintendent, Selarang Park Drug
Rehabilitation Centre_ [1981 – 1982] SLR(R) 30 at [21].

(2) Does a variance higher than 20% impugn the propriety of the urine tests?

32 The variance of higher than 20% alone would not prevent the Deputy Director
from relying on the HSA certificates when exercising his discretion under s
34(2)(b). It is crucial to note that the certificates were not invalidated by
the mere fact that there was a variance of more than 20% in the test results.
They still constituted evidence of the presence of the drug in question and
therefore of consumption of the same by the provider of the urine specimens.
It is the presence of the drug, not its quantity, which is in issue here. As
noted by Dr Lui Chi Pang (“Dr Lui”), a Senior Consultant Forensic Scientist
with the HSA, (at paras 6 and 8 of his affidavit sworn on 2 April 2014 after
mentioning the two possibilities for the higher than 20% variance reproduced
at [33] below):

6 Nevertheless, this does not detract from the fact that when the results of
the urine analysis are positive for a detected drug, this conclusively
indicates the presence of that detected drug in the urine specimen.

…

8 … Regardless of the variance between the concentration levels of the drug
quantity reflected in the two HSA certificates, the fact that the results of
the urine analysis reflected in both HSA certificates were positive for N,
a-dimethyl-3, 4-(methylendioxy)phenethylamine indicates conclusively that N,
a-dimethyl-3, 4-(methylendioxy)phenethylamine was present in both bottles of
the Applicant’s urine specimen.

The certificates could therefore be relied on by the Deputy Director in the
exercise of his discretion whether to make an order for admission under s
34(2)(_b_).

33 The evidence provided by the Respondent suggests that the variance was more
likely caused by lapses in the urine procurement process. Dr Lui explained at
para 5 of his affidavit sworn on 2 April 2014:

When there is a variance of more than 20% from the mean, two likely
possibilities are:

(a) one or both of the bottles containing the urine specimen was diluted by
water prior to urine procurement; or

(b) there was a time lapse between the procurement of the first bottle of
urine and the second bottle of urine.

The Applicant did not produce any contrary scientific evidence to suggest that
the variance of more than 20% could have been caused by irregularities in the
urine testing process.

34 The Applicant appeared to be relying solely on the District Judge’s finding
in _Tan Yong Beng_ that a variance which is higher than 20% could have been
caused by something having “gone wrong in…the Narcotics Laboratory”. Based on
the District Judge’s summary of Dr Lee’s evidence, the possible explanations
that Dr Lee gave for the variance all related to lapses in the urine
procurement process. Therefore, Dr Lee’s evidence is in fact consistent with
Dr Lui’s evidence. It should also be noted that the method of computing the
39% variance in _Tan Yong Beng_ is incorrect (see my comments in _Nandakishor
s/o Raj Pat Ahir v PP_ [2014] SGHC 121 at [17] – [19]).

Applicant did not meet the standard of proof for granting leave

35 The Applicant bore the burden of establishing an arguable or _prima facie_
case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the Quashing Order that he
sought. The Applicant only had to meet a low threshold. However that did not
mean that “the evidence and arguments placed before this court could be either
skimpy or vague”. Rather the “fullest evidence and strongest arguments” had to
be placed before the court: _Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector of Land
Revenue_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 507 at [24]. Therefore, in order for the Applicant to
succeed in his argument that the condition precedent for the exercise of the
Deputy Director’s discretion under s 34(2)(b) of the MDA had not been
established, he had to, at the very least, produce some evidence suggesting
the possibility of lapses in the way the tests were conducted on his urine
specimens. However, the Applicant did not produce any such evidence.

36 In the present case, there was no allegation that the Deputy Director had
acted unfairly or in bad faith in making the 2006 DRC order. In fact, his
decision would appear sensible given that the Applicant never denied in his
statements to the police that he had consumed drugs.[note: 11]

Application is out of time

37 Even if the Applicant had produced some evidence suggesting possible lapses
in the way the tests on his urine specimens were conducted, I would not have
granted him leave to commence the judicial review proceedings because the
Applicant was more than seven years late in bringing this application.

38 The present application was made pursuant to O 53 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”). Order 53 r 1(6) of the Rules
of Court provides:

Notwithstanding the foregoing, leave shall not be granted to apply for a
Quashing Order to remove any judgment, order, conviction or other proceeding
for the purpose of its being quashed, unless the application for leave is made
within 3 months after the date of the proceeding or such other period (if any)
as may be prescribed by any written law or, except where a period is so
prescribed, the delay is accounted for to the satisfaction of the Judge to
whom the application for leave is made; and where the proceeding is subject to
appeal and a time is limited by law for the bringing of the appeal, the Judge
may adjourn the application for leave until the appeal is determined or the
time for appealing has expired.

39 An application to quash an order must be brought within three months from
the making of that order: _Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector of Land
Revenue_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 568 (“ _Teng Fuh Holdings_ (CA)”) at [16] – [17]. An
exception to this rule is when the applicant can account for the delay to the
satisfaction of the court. In _Teng Fuh Holdings_ (CA), the appellant’s
application for leave to commence judicial review proceedings was out of time
and the Court of Appeal held that the appellant had failed to account for the
delay because the appellant “had the interest, the knowledge and the means to
have acquired the information to make its application long before it filed the
same”.

40 The Applicant certainly had knowledge of the 2006 DRC Order. He also had an
interest in challenging the Deputy Director’s decision immediately if he had
in fact not consumed the controlled drug and had genuinely believed its
presence in his urine specimens was due to contamination. However, the
Applicant did not take any action until the DRC admission was used as one of
the bases for his LT-1 charge on 12 June 2013\. The explanation that he gave
(_ie_ , that he is a lay person and did not have the benefit of legal
advice[note: 12]) is not sufficient to explain the years of delay.

41 Additionally, the delay in bringing the application has unduly prejudiced
the Respondent. The delay is of such a significant length that granting leave
would serve no real purpose. Any physical evidence (_eg_ , the Applicant’s
urine specimens) that may throw light on the issues at hand is no longer
available. Moreover, the individuals involved in the urine procurement process
and urine testing process are unlikely to be able to recall the details of
what transpired in the course of obtaining the urine specimens from the
Applicant and subsequently testing them in the laboratory. Lau Kok Wei, the
CNB officer who was in charge of procuring and sealing the urine specimens
from the Applicant on 27 March 2006, states in his affidavit sworn on 7 April
2014 (at para 3) that he is unable to recall the details of what happened in
this case as it took place more than 8 years ago. This is likely to be so for
the others who were involved as well.

42 The Applicant argued that any prejudice to the Respondent caused by the
Applicant’s delay should be ignored because it was the Public Prosecutor’s
(“PP”) decision to use the DRC admission as one of the bases on which to
prefer the LT-1 charge against him which had made it necessary for him to take
out the application to quash 2006 DRC Order. [note: 13] While it may be true
that the PP’s decision to prefer the LT-1 charge gave the Applicant the
impetus to take out the present application, this did not negate the fact that
the Applicant could have challenged the 2006 DRC Order within three months
from the making of that order or at least within a reasonable time after his
release from the DRC. Instead, he completed serving the said order without
protest and then kept silent in the years that followed.

43 This application was made way out of time and the delay has not been
satisfactorily accounted for.

Conclusion

44 For the reasons stated above, I dismissed the Applicant’s application for
leave to commence judicial review proceedings. As the Respondent did not wish
to seek costs of the hearing, I made no order as to costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Respondent’s Written Submissions, para 5

[note: 2]Respondent’s Written Submissions, para 6

[note: 3]Respondent’s Written Submissions, para 7

[note: 4]Respondent’s Reply Submissions, para 25

[note: 5]Respondent’s Written Submissions, para 8

[note: 6]Submission dated 25 February 2014, para 6

[note: 7]Respondent’s Written Submissions, para 3

[note: 8]Submission dated 25 February 2014, para 13

[note: 9]Submission dated 25 February 2014, para 18

[note: 10]Submission dated 25 February 2014, para 15

[note: 11]Affidavit of Zheng Jianxing dated 16 October 2013 at [6]

[note: 12]Affidavit of Zheng Jianxing dated 16 October 2013 at [6]

[note: 13]Notes of arguments dated 26 May 2014

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jun 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

