Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yusran bin Yusoff _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 74

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 253 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Appellant in-person; Suhas Malhotra (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Yusran bin Yusoff — Public Prosecutor  
  
16 April 2014|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant, in this appeal against conviction and sentence, was charged
with four counts of drug-related offences. Three were for failure to report
for urine tests (DAC 46625/2012 to DAC 46627/2012). The appellant pleaded
guilty to these three charges. He was convicted and sentenced to 6 months’
imprisonment on each charge, with the three sentences to run concurrently. The
fourth charge was for an offence of consumption of morphine (DAC 46624/2012).
As the appellant had prior antecedents, he was liable to enhanced punishment
under s 33A(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) (“the
LT-2 offence”). He claimed trial to this charge. The trial was heard on 7, 8
and 11 October 2013. On 11 October 2013, the district judge convicted him and
sentenced him to 8 years’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane for the LT-2
offence. His global sentence was hence 8 years’ and 6 months’ imprisonment and
6 strokes of the cane. The sentence of imprisonment was backdated to the date
on which he was first remanded, 15 December 2012.

2 The appellant filed his notice and petition of appeal against both
conviction and sentence. The appellant was represented at trial, by Mr Sankar
from Sterling Law Corporation, but he conducted his appeal without counsel. In
his petition of appeal, dated 21 November 2013, he indicated that he was
dissatisfied with the district judge’s judgment on the grounds that the
sentence was unreasonable and manifestly excessive. However, in his
submissions before this court, he stated that he was only appealing against
his conviction on the LT-2 offence. Nevertheless, in considering his appeal
against conviction in this case, I also considered the sentence imposed. I was
satisfied that the sentence was not manifestly excessive, and that there was
no reason to disturb the trial judge’s decision.

3 An LT-2 offence attracts a sentence of imprisonment of not less than 7 years
and not more than 13 years, along with a minimum of 6 strokes of the cane.
LT-2 stands for “Long Term 2”, parlance used by the prosecution and defence
counsel to refer to this offence, and is reserved for accused persons who have
a significant history of drug consumption. The appellant did not contest the
validity of his antecedents. His defence was simply that he had not consumed
morphine (or, rather, heroin). He argued that he had taken medication for his
illness, and this was the reason the certificates from the Health Sciences
Authority (“HSA”) indicated that morphine was found in his urine samples,
which he provided shortly after his arrest, on 7 December 2012. Of note, the
appellant did not, either at trial or in this court, contest the validity of
the HSA certificates or the urine procurement process. He accepted that
morphine was found in his urine samples. He was merely contesting the _source_
of the morphine.

4 Morphine is a controlled drug, listed in the First Schedule to the MDA.
Pursuant to s 22 of the MDA, if a controlled drug is found in the urine of a
person as a result of urine tests conducted by the HSA, he shall be presumed,
until the contrary is proved, to have consumed that controlled drug, in
contravention of s 8(_b_) of the MDA. At trial, the appellant tried to rebut
the presumption that was triggered against him, by virtue of the HSA
certificates. HSA analysts had testified that promethazine hydrochloride with
codeine phosphate syrup (cough syrup), might give rise to morphine being
detected in urine samples. As such, the question was whether the appellant
had, in fact, consumed promethazine hydrochloride with codeine phosphate syrup
prior to providing his urine samples.

5 The district judge did not think that the appellant had consumed the said
syrup before his urine test. First, although the appellant had raised
medication as a defence, he did not name or describe the medication he had
allegedly consumed. He did not testify, during the trial, whether he consumed
the medication just before his arrest. Second, although the appellant was able
to furnish a medical report from Tan Tock Seng Hospital which indicated that
he was indeed prescribed with promethazine hydrochloride with codeine
phosphate syrup, the medication was prescribed to him on 14 January 2012. He
was arrested more than 10 months later, on 6 December 2012. As he testified
that he had taken the medication in accordance with the doctor’s instructions,
it was unlikely that he would have had any of the medication left by the time
he was arrested. Third, the appellant’s claims of having been prescribed
medication by other clinics, and having consumed traditional medicine, were
vague and unsubstantiated. Fourth, the appellant did not raise his “medication
defence” when a statement was recorded from him on 7 December 2012. Neither
did he raise it during his cautioned statement, on 14 December 2012. His
“medication defence” was a mere afterthought. He was not a first offender and
the late reference to this explanation was not at all convincing.

6 For the reasons above, and the district judge’s assessment of the
credibility of the appellant during trial, including the confessions of the
appellant, the district judge found that the appellant had failed to rebut the
presumption in s 22 of the MDA and the prosecution had proven its case beyond
a reasonable doubt. I see no reason to disturb the trial judge’s findings. I
note that the appellant’s submissions for this appeal did not raise anything
new that had not already been dealt with by the district judge.

7 I have considered the sentence of 8 years and 6 strokes meted by the
district judge (1 year above the minimum) for the LT-2 offence, and were
satisfied that it was not manifestly excessive. The district judge’s reason
for imposing an additional year above the minimum was the appellant’s
recidivism. Not only was the appellant convicted of an LT-2 offence
previously, he had also reoffended shortly after his last stint in prison. He
was released sometime in November 2011 and arrested on 6 December 2012. I find
these were valid reasons and hence see no reason to disturb the sentence
imposed by the district judge either.

8 The appeal was thus without merit, and I dismissed it.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

