Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ten Leu Jiun Jeanne-Marie _v_ The National University of Singapore  
[2014] SGHC 247

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 699 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 November 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Violet Netto and Colin Phan (L F Violet Netto) for the
plaintiff; Chia Voon Jiet and Kelly Lua (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ten Leu Jiun Jeanne-Marie — The National University of Singapore  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 177 of
2014 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 26 May 2015. See [2015] SGCA 41.]

21 November 2014|  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Ten Leu Jiun Jeanne-Marie, was a Masters of Arts
(Architecture) (“the MA degree”) candidate at the National University of
Singapore’s (“the defendant”) School of Design and Environment. The crux of
her complaint was that the defendant refused to award her the MA degree
despite her meeting the academic requirements. As a result, the plaintiff sued
the defendant for loss and damage. She alleged that the defendant had wrongly
terminated her candidature and her claim was grounded in the following:

(a) breach of contract;

(b) the tort of misfeasance in public office;

(c) the tort of intimidation; and

(d) the tort of negligence.

2 In the course of the proceedings, the plaintiff lodged a discovery
application, Summons No 3299 of 2013 (“SUM 3299”), against the defendant for a
large number of documents. The interlocutory application was heard by the
Assistant Registrar (“AR”) who dismissed it. The plaintiff was dissatisfied
with the AR’s decision and appealed against it. I dismissed the plaintiff’s
appeal, Registrar’s Appeal No 320 of 2013 (“RA 320”), and also dismissed her
application for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal, Summons No 5875 of
2013 (“SUM 5875”).

3 Subsequently, in Originating Summons No 699 of 2014 (“OS 699”), the
plaintiff applied for my written grounds for RA 320 and SUM 5875. I dismissed
her application as the parties were fully aware of the arguments. I had orally
explained my decision to the parties in the course of their submissions in
both RA 320 and SUM 5875 although these were not reflected in my notes.
Nevertheless, she insisted on having my written grounds. Now, dissatisfied
with my decision in OS 699, she seeks to appeal against it.

4 I shall first summarise the events leading up to OS 699, because they are
important for a full appreciation of this case, before addressing the main
issue at hand.

RA 320

5 RA 320 was an appeal by the plaintiff against the order of the AR who
disallowed her discovery application for many documents. The AR had released
his written grounds of decision to explain why he refused to allow the
plaintiff to have access to those documents. His reason was that she had not
satisfied the threshold of relevance and necessity. At the appeal, I reminded
the parties during oral submissions that it was trite law that the test for
the discovery of documents was for the plaintiff to show relevance and
necessity. This test depended on the issues and pleadings of the case. In the
circumstances, I ruled that the plaintiff had not satisfied this test. This
was explained to the parties although it was not recorded in my written notes.

SUM 5875

6 The plaintiff was dissatisfied with my decision to dismiss her appeal in RA
320. Accordingly she sought leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal in SUM
5875.

7 Before the parties began their submissions, the plaintiff’s counsel made a
preliminary application for her to be present at the hearing. The defendant’s
counsel strenuously objected to the application as in normal practice, chamber
proceedings were conducted in the absence of the parties’ respective clients.
The plaintiff’s counsel did not provide any compelling reason that warranted a
deviation from the norm. Nevertheless, I allowed the plaintiff to be present.
This was for two reasons. First, I realised that the plaintiff had taken a
very keen personal interest in the case and in the interest of transparency, I
allowed her to be present. Second, she would be given a first-hand opportunity
to observe and hear the arguments presented to the court. This would perhaps
give her a better understanding of the court’s decision and the reasons the
court decided in a particular manner.

8 In deciding whether to grant her leave to appeal, I considered the following
three criteria (see _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another_ [1997] 2
SLR(R) 862 at [16]):

(a) whether there was a _prima facie_ factual error made;

(b) whether there was a question of general principle to be decided for the
first time; and

(c) whether there was a question of importance on which the public interest
would be served by having further arguments presented and a decision rendered
by a higher tribunal.

9 The plaintiff’s case failed to satisfy any of the three criteria.
Accordingly, I did not grant leave to the plaintiff.

The plaintiff’s request for my written grounds

10 The plaintiff wrote in to the Supreme Court Registry (“the Registry”) on 31
December 2013 to request my written grounds of decision for RA 320 and SUM
5875. Subsequently, the Registry replied on 23 April 2014 that there was “no
need for Grounds of Decision for this case”.

The plaintiff’s complaint to the Chief Justice and V K Rajah JA

11 On 22 April 2014 the plaintiff then sent an email to the Chief Justice. The
contents of the email are set out as follows:

Dear Honourable Chief Justice Menon,

I am the Plaintiff in Suit No. 667/2012/W.

It is with great reluctance that I write this letter to you. However I do not
know what else I could do. I believe that Judicial Commissioner Tan Siong Thye
did not give me a fair hearing on 15 January 2014. This hearing was for my
application for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal against the Judicial
Commissioner’s decision, following a hearing on 5 November 2013, to dismiss my
appeal against an Assistant Registrar’s decision to deny my application for
discovery in my lawsuit.

The hearing for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal on 15 January 2014 was
not a fair hearing because the Judicial Commissioner did not provide me with
the reasons for his decision in the appeal hearing on 5 November 2013. Without
knowing these reasons, my lawyer could not properly prepare arguments for the
application for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal on 15 January 2014.

My lawyers have formally requested for Judicial Commissioner Tan Siong Thye’s
reasons for his Grounds of Decision on the hearing on 5 November 2013 at least
three times, both in writing (three letters to the Court) and orally during
Pre-Trial Conferences, but the Judicial Commissioner has still not provided
his reasons as of today, over five months after the hearing last November. The
last two letters also contained requests for the Grounds of Decision of the 15
January 2014 hearing. However, I have not received the Grounds of Decision of
either hearing so far.

Even if Judicial Commissioner Tan Siong Thye does provide his reasons someday,
it will not change the fact that the hearing for my application for leave to
appeal to the Court of Appeal on 15 January 2014 was not a fair hearing, since
I did not have the benefit of knowing the Judicial Commissioner’s reasons
regarding my hearing on 5 November 2013, when he turned down my appeal against
the Assistant Registrar’s decision.

I believe that Judicial Commissioner Tan Siong Thye’s failure to provide
reasons for his decision regarding my hearing on 5 November 2013 is contrary
to the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Thong Ah Fat v Public Prosecutor_
[2011] SGCA 65. In this decision, the Court of Appeal ruled (at [14]) that
judges have a “ _crucial judicial duty to give reasons_ ” and that this duty “
_prevails in both civil and criminal cases_.” The Court of Appeal also stated
(at [22]) that: “ _The duty ordinarily applies even where there can be no
appeal against that decision._ ” The Court of Appeal stressed that the
judicial duty to state reasons applies even to decisions for which there is no
possibility of appeal, stating (at [44]) that: “ _… The need for justice to be
done and seen to be done should not be dampened by the absence of an avenue
for appeal. On the contrary, the inability to alter the decision may make it
all the more compelling for the parties to understand how it was reached …_ ”

While the Court of Appeal in _Thong Ah Fat_ acknowledged that there are
exceptions to the judicial duty to provide reasons for decisions (at [32]-[33]
and [45]), these exceptions (as defined by the Court of Appeal) clearly do not
apply in my case.

In addition to not giving me a fair hearing on 15 January 2014, I believe that
Judicial Commissioner Tan Siong Thye’s failure to provide reasons for his
decision regarding my hearing on 5 November 2013 also violated my
Constitutional rights under Article 12 of the Constitution, which says that “
_All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal protection of
the law._ ” If all persons are “equal before the law,” then I should enjoy the
benefit of being informed about the reasons for the judge’s decisions, just
like other plaintiffs. I know that other plaintiffs have had the benefit of
being informed about the reasons for decisions of the High Court regarding
appeals against decisions of Assistant Registrars regarding applications for
discovery. Two recent examples are: _Elbow Holdings Pte Ltd v Marina Bay Sands
Pte Ltd_ [2014] SGHC 26 and _Koh Chong Chiah and others v Treasure Resort Pte
Ltd and another_ [2014] SGHC 51. In both of those cases, an Assistant
Registrar made a decision regarding an application for discovery; in both
cases, the decision was appealed to the High Court; and in both cases, the
High Court judge provided written grounds of decision. I do not see why the
Court should treat me unequally to the plaintiffs in those cases, who were
informed about the Court’s reasons for its decisions in their appeals against
Assistant Registrars’ decisions concerning their applications for discovery.

My lawyer has advised me that: “ _(1) there is no further appeal to the Court
of Appeal possible from the dismissal of your application for specific
discovery, (2) there is no further appeal possible to the Court of Appeal from
the refusal to grant you leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal against the
dismissal of your application for specific discovery, and (3) there is no
possible application to the Court of Appeal for leave to appeal to it against
the dismissal of your application for specific discovery._ ”

My lawyer has also advised me that: “ _I can confirm that Tan Siong Thye JC’s
refusal to grant you leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal from the dismissal
of your specific discovery application is final. There is no further
application to the Court of Appeal for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal
possible, and there is no further right to appeal to the Court of Appeal
against this refusal. This follows clearly from sections 34 (1), (2), and (2B)
of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap. 322, 2007 Rev. Ed.)_ ”

Since my lawyer has told me that there is nothing else that I can do, I have
decided to write directly to Your Honour. I would like to highlight to Your
Honour that I am writing this letter of my own volition since my lawyer has
told me that there are no further applications to the Court to appeal to the
Court of Appeal.

In _Thong Ah Fat v Public Prosecutor_ , the Court of Appeal stated at [47]
that it did not think that “the judicial duty to state reasons has been
satisfied in the present case” and ordered a retrial. Similarly, I believe
that there should be a new hearing in my case. If there is indeed a new
hearing, I respectfully request this hearing be heard before a different High
Court judge (not Judicial Commissioner Tan Siong Thye).

If there is some procedure that I (or my lawyer) should follow in order to
request that the Court consider my application for a new hearing, I would be
very grateful if Your Honour would let me know what this procedure is, since
my lawyer has already told me that there is nothing that I can do.

Thank you very much for your kind consideration of the issues.

Sincerely,

Ten Leu-Jiun

Plaintiff in Suit No. 667/2012/W.

[emphasis added]

12 On 28 April 2014, the plaintiff sent a letter to the Chief Justice, which
enclosed a copy of the email cited above.

13 On 8 May 2014, the plaintiff sent an email to V K Rajah JA as follows:

Dear Honourable Justice V K Rajah,

Congratulations on your appointment as Attorney-General. I’m sure that you
will be an excellent Attorney-General, although I am going to miss your well-
reasoned judgments delivered from the bench, such as your landmark decision in
_Thong Ah Fat v Public Prosecutor_.

It is in relation to _Thong Ah Fat v Public Prosecutor_ that I write to you
now. I am the Plaintiff in Suit 667/2012. I have been unsuccessful in my
attempts to obtain Judicial Commissioner Tan Siong Thye’s Grounds of Decisions
related to my application in Specific Discovery. My lawyers made three
requests for these Grounds of Decisions, and specifically reminded the
Registrar about the judicial duty to provide reasoned judgments in _Thong Ah
Fat v Public Prosecutor_ , only to have the Court’s Lee Kwee Ngor respond
finally that “there is no need for Grounds of Decision for this case.” Isn’t
this response contrary to your reasoning regarding the judicial duty to
provide reasoned judgments in _Thong Ah Fat v Public Prosecutor_?

Judicial Commissioner Tan Siong Thye first rejected my appeal against an
Assistant Registrar’s decision, and then rejected my application for leave to
appeal to the Court of Appeal. I feel that I was not given a fair hearing for
my application for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal, since I did not
know then (and still don’t know today) what the Judicial Commissioner’s
reasons were for rejecting my appeal against the Assistant Registrar’s
decision. The Court has provided me with the Notes of Evidence, but the Notes
of Evidence do not show the Judicial Commissioner’s reasons for his decisions
in my case.

To prevent any misunderstandings, I must explain that I have already written
to Chief Justice Sundaresh Menon on 22 and 28 April 2014 regarding the issue
of not being given the Grounds of Decisions. This was after my lawyer told me
that there was nothing more that he could do. I have received an
acknowledgement from the Supreme Court’s Quality Service Manager Ms Lee May
Lin stating that the matters I have raised are being looked into. I am
awaiting a substantive response. I thought that I should write to you as well,
since you delivered the judgment of the Court in _Thong Ah Fat v Public
Prosecutor_ , and since I do not know when I will receive a substantive
response from the Court – I am afraid that you might leave the bench before
that happens.

I append my letter to the Chief Justice regarding this issue.

Thank you for reading my letter.

Yours Sincerely,

Ten Leu-Jiun

14 On 21 May 2014, the Supreme Court replied to the plaintiff as follows:

Dear Ms Ten,

We refer to your email and letter dated 22 April 2014 and 28 April 2014 to the
Honourable Chief Justice as well as your email dated 8 May 2014 to the
Honourable Judge of Appeal Justice VK Rajah, the contents of all have been
noted by the respective addressees. The Honourable Chief Justice has reviewed
the matter and has requested me to respond to you on his behalf.

2 _We note that the reasons behind the dismissal of your original application
(SUM 3299/2013) before Assistant Registrar Shaun Leong have been explained in
writing._ On appeal, your solicitors would have been fully aware of the need
to make out a case to rebut the grounds articulated by the Assistant
Registrar. The governing legal principle for your interlocutory application
requesting the discovery of the documents that you sought is that of necessity
and relevance. _The Assistant Registrar explained that you had not satisfied
this threshold. In your appeal before JC Tan, he had reiterated the same legal
principle to your counsel and the counsel for NUS._ Both counsel addressed the
issue and in the final analysis it was evident that your counsel had not
persuaded JC Tan that the decision of the Assistant Registrar should not be
upheld. Accordingly, your appeal was dismissed.

3 Before the commencement of the hearing of your application for leave to
appeal to the Court of Appeal, _your counsel applied to JC Tan to allow you to
be present_. As you might be aware, parties who are legally represented are
not generally allowed to be present at hearings in chambers. Indeed, this was
why an application for leave had to be made and the counsel for NUS
strenuously objected to the application. _Nevertheless, JC Tan allowed you to
be present so that you could listen to the arguments presented by both
counsel. Thus you were able to appreciate the outcome of your application
although the decision was not in your favour._

4 We are therefore satisfied that due process has been observed and the
applications have been decided in accordance with the law. Your solicitors
have already advised you on your legal position on this issue. As such, in
accordance with the provisions of the Supreme Court Judicature Act, we regret
that we are unable to accede to your request for a new hearing.

[emphasis added]

OS 699

15 The plaintiff was dissatisfied with the reply and she took out OS 699 with
the following application:

Written Grounds of Decision shall be provided in respect of interlocutory
hearings before this Honourable Court.

The plaintiff’s preliminary application for the presiding judge to recuse
himself

16 On 29 September 2014, before the substantive hearing of OS 699, the
plaintiff’s counsel made a preliminary objection to my hearing of the
application and asked that I recuse myself from hearing the matter. I
dismissed the application. The plaintiff’s counsel then applied for an
adjournment to ascertain whether the plaintiff could appeal against this
ruling. I granted the adjournment.

17 Parties appeared before me on 20 October 2014. The plaintiff’s counsel
sought a further adjournment so as to take instructions from the plaintiff on
whether to seek leave to appeal against my decision not to recuse myself. I
granted this adjournment too. Parties next appeared before me on 27 October
2014. At the hearing, the plaintiff’s counsel informed me that the plaintiff
was not seeking leave to appeal against my decision not to recuse myself.
However, in a letter sent by the plaintiff’s counsel to the Supreme Court on
24 October 2014, the plaintiff’s position was stated as such:

… [the plaintiff’s] agreement to proceed with the OS hearing must not be
construed to imply that she had not abandoned her original objections to
Justice Tan Siong Thye’s hearing of this matter.

18 At the hearing on 27 October 2014, the plaintiff’s counsel applied for her
to be present although her counsel had advised her that this was not the usual
practice. The defendant objected as she had not provided any reason for this
application. Again, I allowed her to be present.

The plaintiff’s submissions

19 In OS 699, the plaintiff sought written grounds for RA 320 and SUM 5875.
She cited extensive portions of _Thong Ah Fat v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 1
SLR 676 (“ _Thong Ah Fat_ ”) to support her application for written grounds.
One of the many references that the plaintiff made to this case was from
paragraph 14 of the judgment, which read:

14 We emphasise that this crucial judicial duty to give reasons prevails in
both civil and criminal cases. Although this duty is not expressly stated
under the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 … it is a duty which is inherent in our
common law …

20 Having highlighted this judicial duty to give reasons, the plaintiff made
four submissions. First, she submitted that the failure to provide written
judgments for RA 320 and SUM 5875 was a violation of Art 12 of the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the
Constitution”). Her argument was that as other plaintiffs had been given
written grounds, she too should be given written grounds.[note: 1] In support
of her submission, she cited _Elbow Holdings Pte Ltd v Marina Bay Sands Pte
Ltd_ [2014] SGHC 26 and _Koh Chong Chian and others v Treasure Resort Pte Ltd
and another_ [2014] SGHC 51 as instances in which the High Court furnished
written grounds with respect to appeals against decisions of ARs in relation
to discovery applications.[note: 2] On the basis of those cases, the plaintiff
sought my written judgments for RA 320 and SUM 5875.

21 Second, the plaintiff submitted that because there was no written judgment
for RA 320, she was unable to make proper submissions for her leave
application in SUM 5875.[note: 3] Thus, she was deprived of a fair hearing and
her interests were prejudiced.

22 Third, the plaintiff submitted that written grounds would be beneficial to
the local jurisprudence as they would create more consistency in judicial
decisions and provide both counsel and litigants with the benefit of the
court’s reasoning.[note: 4]

23 Fourth, the plaintiff submitted that written judgments would save the
court’s time and resources as retrials would be avoided. In support of her
submission, she pointed to _Thong Ah Fat_ as an example where the Court of
Appeal had ordered a retrial on the basis of inadequate reasoning in the
written judgment of the trial judge.[note: 5]

The defendant’s submissions

24 The defendant’s counsel made very brief oral submissions. First, he
submitted that the court had the discretion to decide whether to issue written
grounds. For this, he relied on _Thong Ah Fat_. Second, he noted that even the
Court of Appeal did not issue written grounds in every case. Third, he argued
that the plaintiff had suffered no prejudice, as neither the defendant nor the
plaintiff had the benefit of any written grounds. Moreover, the plaintiff was
represented by counsel in all her applications and her counsel must have been
familiar with the issues and arguments.

My decision

Should I recuse myself from hearing OS 699?

25 I shall first deal with the plaintiff’s preliminary application for me to
recuse myself from hearing of OS 699. The basis for this application was that
I had disallowed her two previous applications, namely RA 320 and SUM 5875.
She further alleged in the letter dated 24 October 2014 sent by her counsel to
the Supreme Court Registry that I was “clearly tainted by apparent bias” and
that if I proceeded to hear OS 699 it would be a violation of natural justice
as it was a case that was essentially a complaint against the judge.

26 In the recent case of _Manjit Singh s/o Kirpal Singh and another v
Attorney-General_ [2013] 2 SLR 1108 (“ _Manjit_ ”), the applicants similarly
applied for the judge to recuse himself on grounds of apparent bias. The judge
declined to recuse himself because he found no circumstances that gave rise to
a reasonable suspicion or apprehension in a fair-minded person with knowledge
of the relevant facts that he, the decision maker, was biased (citing, and
applying, the test laid out in _Re Shankar Alan s/o Anant Kulkarni_ [2007] 1
SLR(R) 85 at [91]). He noted, at [34], a few principles on recusal which are
of relevance to this case, namely:

(a) An application to a judge to recuse himself must be based on credible
grounds (citing _Yong Vui Kong v Attorney-General_ [2011] 2 SLR 1189 at
[148]);

(b) A claim that there is apparent bias on the part of a judge must be based
on facts that are substantially true and accurate. The fact that an allegation
of bias has been made against a judge is not enough; otherwise, a party could
secure a judge of his choice by merely alleging bias on the part of other
judges (citing _Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 576 at [51]);
and

(c) In determining the application, the judge must have regard to the quality
of the allegation. A judge would be as wrong as to yield to a tenuous or
frivolous objection as he would to ignore an objection of substance (citing
_Locabail (UK) Ltd v Bayfield Properties Ltd_ [2000] QB 451 at [55]).

27 In this case, the plaintiff’s application for me to recuse myself was not
based on any credible grounds, and was frivolous. This applied equally to her
allegations of apparent bias and natural justice. In fact, it would have been
inappropriate for any other judge to have dealt with this application, OS 699.
This was because OS 699 was an application specifically demanding that I issue
written judgments for RA 320 and SUM 5875. Therefore it was incumbent on me to
hear this application because the plaintiff was insistent that the judge who
heard her previous applications write the judgments. Applying the principles
laid out in _Manjit_ , I therefore dismissed the plaintiff’s application for
me to recuse myself. With this, I turn now to address the plaintiff’s
submissions.

Did the failure to provide the plaintiff with written grounds violate Article
12 of the Constitution?

28 In the proceedings, the plaintiff first submitted that Art 12 of the
Constitution was the provision on equality before the law. Her case was that
Art 12 was violated when I failed to provide my written grounds to her with
respect to RA 320 and SUM 5878. Specifically, she relied on Art 12(1) which
reads as follows:

**12.** —(1) All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal
protection of the law.

29 I disagreed with the plaintiff’s interpretation of Art 12. The objective of
Art 12 was made clear in _Public Prosecutor v Taw Cheng Kong_ [1998] 2 SLR(R)
489 (at [54], citing _Ong Ah Chuan and another v Public Prosecutor_
[1979–1980] SLR(R) 710) where it was held that:

Equality before the law and equal protection of the law require that like
should be compared with like. _What Art 12(1) of the Constitution assures to
the individual is the right to equal treatment with other individuals in
similar circumstances._ It prohibits laws which require that some individuals
within a single class should be treated by way of punishment more harshly than
others … [emphasis added]

30 The issue of whether a person is unequally treated under the law was
ventilated before the Court of Appeal in _Eng Foong Ho and others v Attorney-
General_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 542 (“ _Eng Foong Ho_ ”). The salient facts of that
case are as follows.

31 In _Eng Foong Ho_ , the Government invoked its powers under the Land
Acquisition Act (Cap 152, 1985 Rev Ed) to acquire land belonging to the Jin
Long Si Temple (“the Temple”). Next to the temple stood the Ramakrishna
Mission (“the Mission”) and the Bartley Christian Church (“the Church”). The
appellants were temple devotees and they brought an action on the basis of Art
12(1), claiming that they had been unfairly treated since the Temple’s land
had been acquired but neither the Mission nor the Church’s land had been
acquired.

32 The appellant’s case in _Eng Foong Ho_ was similar to this case. In that
case, the Mission, the Church and the Temple belonged to the same class as
they were religious institutions located in a predominantly residential area
in close proximity to the Bartley MRT station. However, only the Temple’s land
had been acquired. Furthermore, the Mission and the Church would have derived
benefit from having a proximate MRT station. Therefore, it was argued that the
Government had treated the Temple unequally (at [23]–[24]). The Temple’s
action was dismissed.

33 In this case, the plaintiff was afforded the opportunity to attend the
chamber hearings. However, she could not show that she had any normative right
or an entitlement to a _written_ decision by the court. In her submissions,
she could not show anywhere in the Constitution, the rules of natural justice
or the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) that judges have a duty to
deliver _written_ grounds in _every_ case and that litigants correspondingly
have a legal right in every case to _written_ grounds. The premise of her
claim was based on a specious comparison with other decisions in which other
judges had delivered written decisions to the parties. Her argument was
grounded on consequential reasoning and could not give rise to any _normative_
right to written decisions by the court. I hence dismissed her first
submission.

Was the plaintiff prejudiced in her preparation for SUM 5875?

34 Second, the plaintiff alleged that she was prejudiced because she had not
been given written grounds in RA 320. As a result, she was unable to
adequately prepare for SUM 5875. I did not agree, as her claim was not
supported by the evidence.

35 The plaintiff was represented by the same law firm, Peter Low LLC, in all
the proceedings relating to her discovery application, namely, SUM 3299, RA
320, and SUM 5875. Her counsel in RA 320 must have known of the reasons her
appeal against the AR’s decision was dismissed. This was because her counsel
argued the appeal, as well as the application before the AR. He must have
explained to her the reasons she was unsuccessful at both hearings. Later, the
same counsel represented her in SUM 5875 when she applied for leave to appeal.
In the lead up to each application or appeal, her counsel would have had to
apprise her of all the arguments that took place in the previous proceedings,
as well as why each court arrived at its ultimate decision. Therefore, I did
not see how the plaintiff would have been prejudiced due to the lack of
written grounds for RA 320.

36 In any event, it was evident from the plaintiff’s written submissions for
SUM 5875 that she was aware of the relevant issues for the purpose of the
application for leave to the Court of Appeal. The submissions were
comprehensive and apposite. All the material issues were addressed and there
was no hint that she was prejudiced in any way. In the circumstances, I found
that she was not prejudiced.

Would written grounds benefit the local jurisprudence?

37 Third, the plaintiff submitted that written judgments would enrich the
local jurisprudence. In my view, although written judgments generally benefit
the local jurisprudence, it is the quality and not quantity of the written
judgments that ultimately matters.

38 In this case, I observed that the plaintiff was motivated more by the fact
that she had not been given written judgments for RA 320 and SUM 5875 and her
insistence that these be given as of right. Her interest in enriching the
local jurisprudence was furthest away from her consideration in bringing this
OS. Even if that were her primary motivation, the discovery proceedings
involved largely routine matters that turned primarily on the facts. There
were no unique points of law. Any contribution to the local jurisprudence
would have been of minimal significance. Consequently, this submission also
failed.

Would the issuing of written grounds save judicial time and resources?

39 The plaintiff’s last submission was that time and resources would be saved
if written grounds were issued. She relied on _Thong Ah Fat_ , where the Court
of Appeal directed a retrial of an accused facing a capital charge as it found
the written judgment of the trial judge lacking in material consideration. In
my view, the facts of _Thong Ah Fat_ were materially different from this case.

40 In _Thong Ah Fat_ , the Court of Appeal dealt with the final order of the
trial judge, namely, he found the accused guilty and sentenced him to death.
The fact-finding process of the trial judge was important to the Court of
Appeal for it to understand and appreciate how the trial judge arrived at his
finding of guilt.

41 In contrast, the plaintiff’s case concerned an interlocutory application
for the discovery of documents. The AR had already applied the test of
relevance and necessity and adequately explained why the plaintiff had failed
to satisfy the threshold test. As I agreed with the AR’s decision, I dismissed
RA 320. Hence there was no justification for a rehearing of this case as
stated in the Supreme Court’s reply to the plaintiff dated 21 May 2014.

42 The plaintiff was thus misconceived that there would be a saving of time
and resources if I released my written grounds for RA 320 and SUM 5875. In
fact, time and resources could have been saved had the plaintiff and her
counsel not brought the present application, as there would then have been no
necessity to deliver this written judgement as this case was unmeritorious.
Therefore the plaintiff’s last submission also failed.

Should I issue my written grounds in this case?

43 Having dealt with the points raised in the plaintiff’s submissions, I shall
now address the situations in which a judge should release his written grounds
and when written grounds are not necessary. _Thong Ah Fat_ is instructive in
this regard.

44 The starting point is that a judge should always give the reasons for his
decision. This can be done either orally or in writing. As the Court of Appeal
in _Thong Ah Fat_ noted, judges must appreciate that they are judicially
accountable for their decisions and it is important that justice must not only
be done but seen to be done. This was expressed by the Court of Appeal (at
[24]) as follows:

24 Judicial accountability is associated with the notion of open justice.
Hence, another foundation of the duty to give reasons is the principle that
_justice must not only be done but it must be seen to be done_ : see
[_Soulemezis v Dudley (Holdings) Pty Ltd (1987) 10 NSWLR 247]_ at 278 (_per_
McHugh JA). Where the reasons for an adverse ruling are not revealed, the
litigant may think that the judge has not really understood his case, and the
public may form the same opinion. The withholding of reasons may therefore
affect the legitimacy of the decision. In our view, _the requirement to give
reasons beneficially increases the transparency of the judicial system_.

[emphasis added]

45 With this starting point in mind, I now revisit the key facets of the
proceedings relating to RA 320, and consider whether written grounds were
necessary for that case.

Why was the plaintiff allowed to be present at SUM 5875 and OS 699?

46 I am conscious of the notion that justice must not only be done but must be
seen to be done. It was for this reason that I allowed the plaintiff to be
present at SUM 5875 and OS 699 even though the general practice for chamber
hearings was that they were conducted in the presence of counsel only but not
the parties themselves, unless there are good reasons for the parties to be
present. Both the plaintiff’s counsel in SUM 5875, from Peter Low LLC, and her
present counsel, from L F Violet Netto, knew of this practice. That was why
both her counsel in the two different chamber hearings had to seek the court’s
permission to allow her to be present. Despite the defendant’s counsel’s
objection to her presence on both occasions and her failure to provide good
reasons for wanting to be present, I allowed her to be present during OS 699
and for the same reasons I allowed her to be present at SUM 5875 (see above at
[7]).

47 The plaintiff’s first application to be present was made in SUM 5875 when
she sought leave to appeal against my decision in RA 320. The second was in OS
699, where she applied for my written grounds in RA 320 and SUM 5875. When I
allowed her to be present at both proceedings, it was for several reasons.

48 First, it is my view that justice must be transparent. That cause would
have been served by her presence at the proceedings as she was deeply
interested in her case. Disallowing her presence might have given her the
impression that justice was only done behind closed doors. She might have
thought that her interests were not being well advanced in the best possible
way. She might also have been susceptible to all sorts of negative impressions
of the justice system should the decision be adverse to her.

49 Second, justice must not only be done but must be seen to be done. This
could not have been achieved had I denied her application to be present at the
chamber hearings. Had I done so, she would not have been able to see how
counsel delivered their arguments or how the court arrived at its decision.
Furthermore, if the proceedings yielded a result that was not in her favour,
she may have been even more disgruntled.

50 Third, I wanted her to listen to the arguments of counsel, my oral
interventions, as well as my oral reasons which unfortunately I had not fully
recorded in my notes. Despite the above, she was still dissatisfied and
demanded that I provide my written judgments.

Are written judgments necessary in every instance?

51 Written judgments are not necessary in every instance. In fact, requiring
written grounds in every case would be impractical. This was observed by the
Court of Appeal in _Thong Ah Fat_ (at [29]–[30] and [43]):

29 This requirement to set out reasons may increase costs and result in
delays. Such consequences are a real concern. The Supreme Court of Canada
noted in _MacDonald v The Queen_ (1976) 29 CCC (2d) 257 at 262-263 that “the
volume of criminal work makes an indiscriminate requirement of reasons
impractical”. It would indeed be undesirable if considerations of form rather
than of substance required unnecessary time to be spent in writing rather than
in judging. Similarly, the Australian courts, which have imposed such a
general duty, are aware of these concerns militating against it. Even while
upholding the duty, they recognise the heavy court load and the constraints
faced by first instance judges …

30 We think that the correct response to these concerns is to have a standard
of explanation _which corresponds to the requirements of the case_ rather than
to reject the duty totally. The key is to strike an appropriate balance. While
such anxieties do not warrant outright rejection of the duty altogether, they
have been taken into account quite rightly in dispensing with reasons in
certain cases and matters … in accepting the appropriateness of abbreviated
oral reasons in some situations, and in adjusting the level of detail required
of the statement of reasons to suit the circumstances in other cases.

…

43 … we recognise that the duty to give reasons may increase costs and result
in delays, and that judges are often expected to manage a heavy court list on
a daily basis (see above at [29]). The extent of the duty to provide reasons
must therefore always be tempered with the need to ensure that judicial time
is used effectively and efficiently. This would entail achieving a balanced
mix of time spent by a judge in hearings and in preparing reasons for his or
her decisions.

52 The Court of Appeal in _Thong Ah Fat_ explained that the duty to give
reasons should not be equated to the duty to issue a written judgment or
provide oral grounds of decision in every case (at [31]–[33]):

31 At this juncture, **_we would caution against equating the duty to give
reasons with a duty to issue a written judgment or provide oral grounds of
decision in every case_**. Where a judge hears a large number of cases during
a sitting (for example, a sentencing court making routine sentencing decisions
based on benchmark sentences) _it would be impractical and unrealistic to
expect him or her to issue written judgments or even give oral grounds of
decision for every case that is dealt with_. In addition, we would echo Kirby
P's pertinent reminder in _[Waterson v Batten (13 May 1988) (New South Wales
Court of Appeal)]_ that under the pressure of today’s court lists, there is no
time for fastidious precision in the drafting of reasons. He quite rightly
cautioned against treating a judgment “as if its language had been honed in
countless hours of reflection and revision”, emphasising that a “ _practical
standard_ must be adopted” [emphasis added]. Similarly, Nygh J in _In the
Marriage Of: John Christopher Towns Appellant/Husband and Deborah Jane Towns
Respondent/Wife_ [1990] FamCA 129 stated that (at [18]):

[the Full Court of the Family Court of Australia] has, on numerous occasions,
displayed a considerable amount of latitude towards judges at first instance
being mindful that they are often sitting in busy lists and have to deliver
their judgments on an extemporary basis which may not make it possible for
them to express themselves with the directness and clarity that an appellate
tribunal and litigants might wish.

32 Additionally, there are exceptions to this duty to provide reasons. Thus,
in certain instances, a judge may not be in error when he fails to state
reasons. In _Sun Alliance Insurance Ltd v Massoud_ [1989] VR 8 (“ _Sun
Alliance_ ”), Gray J pragmatically stated that (at 19):

The simplicity of the context of the case or the state of the evidence may be
such that a mere statement of the judge's conclusion will sufficiently
indicate the basis of a decision ... In such cases, the foundation for the
judge’s conclusion will be indicated as a matter of necessary inference.

The same was stated in _Brittingham v Williams_ [1932] VLR 237 at 239 and
[_Public Service Board of New South Wales v Osmond (1986) 63 ALR 559]_ at 566.
But this approach must be confined to very clear cases and in relation to
specific and straightforward factual or legal issues. Otherwise, the
exceptions would seriously undermine the duty to give reasons.

33 _We also note that the duty has been held not to apply to certain matters
of lesser significance. For example, there are some types of interlocutory
applications, mainly those with a procedural focus, which a judge can properly
make an order without giving reasons_ : see _Capital and Suburban Properties
Ltd v Swycher_ [1976] Ch 319 at 325-326 (_per_ Buckley LJ) and _Knight v
Clifton_ [1971] Ch 700 at 721. _Buckley LJ had in mind instances where the
judge is asked to exercise his discretion on relatively insignificant
questions, such as whether a matter should be expedited or adjourned or extra
time should be allowed for a party to take some procedural step, or possibly
whether relief by way of injunction should be granted or refused. Neither are
reasons normally to be expected when a judge exercises his discretion on
costs, unless it involves an unusual award_ : see _Eagil Trust Co Ltd v
Pigott-Brown_ [1985] 3 All ER 119 at 122. It appears that many of these
exceptions involve a large element of discretion. However, we do not think
that it is their discretionary nature _per se_ which justifies the
dispensation of any explanation. **_Rather, it seems that these exceptions are
allowed because they are not decisions that bear directly on substantive
matters. For example, even in matters of practice and procedure, where the
decision will effectively decide the rights of the parties finally, reasons
must be given_** : see _Glen Rees T/as Glynmar Pastoral Co v Walker_ (13
December 1988) (New South Wales Court of Appeal) (_per_ Kirby P). However, we
would caution against equating non-substantive cases as being necessarily
insignificant. The court's assessment of the significance of a decision should
take into account the circumstances of the case, and its importance should not
be judged simply by categorising the decision as being substantive or
procedural in nature. As a rule of thumb, _the more profound the consequences
of a decision are, the greater the necessity for detailed reasoning_.

[emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

53 Two salient points can be noted from the preceding passage. First, although
there is a general duty to give reasons for a decision, this duty does not
extend to all cases especially the less significant ones. Second, the duty to
give reasons does not equate to a duty to provide _written decisions_. The
position at law is that when it is necessary or appropriate for the court to
issue written grounds, it is the duty of the court to provide them,
notwithstanding the pressures of time and resources or any administrative
constraints. It may be necessary and appropriate to issue written grounds
where any of the following are involved:

(a) complex issues of fact or law;

(b) matters of public importance; and

(c) the laying down of principles that are to be followed in subsequent cases.

54 The present case involved none of these. Let me elaborate.

(1) Why were written grounds unnecessary in RA 320?

55 I note that although the Court of Appeal in _Thong Ah Fat_ commented on the
duty of an appellate court to provide reasons for its decision, it also
advised that if the appellate court affirms the decision of the lower court
and agrees with the lower court’s reasons, it is not obliged to reprise the
reasons (at [44]):

Ordinarily, for an appellate court, it would be sufficient (when it is
satisfied with the outcome and adequacy of the reasoning of the lower court)
to simply state in affirming the earlier decision that it agrees with the
reasons given in support of it. It is not obliged to reprise the reasons or
give additional ones in a fresh judgment if it forms the view that this is not
necessary. This must be a matter of judgment for the appellate court.

56 This observation is particularly pertinent as I heard the plaintiff’s
appeal against the decision of the AR in RA 320 in my appellate capacity. At
the court below, the AR had issued his written grounds of decision explaining
why the plaintiff had not satisfied the threshold of the test of relevance and
necessity. It is trite that, unless privilege which is protected from
discovery is alleged, relevance and necessity are the operative considerations
in deciding whether discovery should be allowed. The satisfaction of these
considerations is dependent on the issues in each case, which are in turn
dependent on the pleadings of the parties.

57 Turning to RA 320, I had agreed fully with the AR’s written grounds of
decision. There were no complicated or novel points of law. Neither were there
any issues of public interest or anything else that suggested that written
grounds were warranted. It was a fact-finding exercise and the plaintiff was
ably represented by her counsel, who would have undoubtedly explained to her
why her appeal was disallowed. Furthermore, she was allowed to observe the
proceedings in chambers despite not having provided any good reasons. For
those reasons, I found that issuing written grounds was unnecessary.

(2) Why were written grounds unnecessary in SUM 5875?

58 In SUM 5875, the plaintiff applied for leave to appeal to the Court of
Appeal against my decision in RA 320. She was represented by the same counsel
who represented her in SUM 3299 and RA 320. Also, she was allowed to be
present during the proceedings. There was thus no reason why she would not
have known of the reasons for my decision.

59 In any event, the plaintiff had to satisfy the court that her case fell
within one of the three criteria listed at [8] above. She failed, and I noted
that her discovery application which was an interlocutory application had
already gone through two levels of judicial consideration. There must be
finality to such interlocutory proceedings or the trial would be delayed
further. In my view, there were no special reasons for her case to proceed to
the Court of Appeal. As such, I denied her leave.

Conclusion

60 When I dismissed the plaintiff’s application on 27 October 2014, I made
brief remarks which I find appropriate to be set out here:[note: 6]

The court agrees with the principles in Thong Ah Fat. Parties should know the
reasons for the court’s decision. This can be oral or in writing. It is for
this reason that despite the Defendant’s objection to Plaintiff’s presence in
these proceedings the court had allowed her to be present on both occasions so
that she understands what is going on despite being represented by lawyers.

In the appeal against the order of [the AR], I have explained to parties that
the fundamental consideration is whether these documents sought for were
relevant and necessary. Parties knew that this is the pivotal determination
for discovery application. I had orally explained to the parties that the
Plaintiff had not satisfied this principle. And this was the reason for
dismissing the appeal.

It was therefore erroneous for Plaintiff to say that she did not know or that
the court had not given any reason for that decision. The reasons were
articulated but it was not reflected in the notes.

It is because I believe that parties should know the reasons of the court
decisions that I have written more than 25 full judgments for last year. More
than 70% of those decisions were voluntarily written even before parties had
filed any appeal. The court has to exercise its discretion whether or not to
issue written judgment. This will depend on the merits of each case.

61 In summary, the plaintiff was aware of the reasons why her application for
discovery and the subsequent appeal were dismissed. Throughout the court
proceedings, she was ably represented by counsel who must have explained to
her why she did not succeed at each stage. This was the case even after she
changed her solicitors. For the above reasons, I dismissed OS 699 with costs
fixed at $1,500.

* * *

[note: 1]Pf’s skeletal submissions at para 43.

[note: 2]Pf’s skeletal submissions at para 44.

[note: 3]Pf’s skeletal submissions at para 54.

[note: 4]Pf’s skeletal submissions at para 56.

[note: 5]Pf’s skeletal submissions at para 57.

[note: 6]Minute sheet dated 27 October 2014 at pp 2–3.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Nov 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

