Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  YTL Construction (S) Pte Ltd _v_ Balanced Engineering & Construction Pte
Ltd  
[2014] SGHC 142

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1223 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 July 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Abraham Vergis (Providence Law Asia LLC) for the
plaintiff; Ng Kim Beng, Hazel Tang, Gerald Wiyatno (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  YTL Construction (S) Pte Ltd — Balanced Engineering &
Construction Pte Ltd  
  
15 July 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 This is an application by the Plaintiff, YTL Construction (S) Pte Ltd, to
set aside an adjudication determination dated 11 December 2013 made pursuant
to the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOP Act”). Under the adjudication determination, the
Plaintiff was directed to pay the Defendant $754,111.22 (inclusive of Goods
and Services Tax (“GST”)). This was the amount certified and payable by the
Plaintiff to the Defendant for the work done and materials supplied.

Facts

Background

2 The Adjudication between the parties arose out of a project for the
construction of three 30,000 tonne cement silos and a four-storey office
building with associated services at the existing Jurong Port Cement Terminal,
Pulau Damar Laut, Singapore (“the Project”).[note: 1] The Plaintiff was
appointed as the main contractor for the Project on 15 December 2011.
Subsequently, the Plaintiff entered into a sub-contract agreement with the
Defendant for the Defendant to supply labour, machinery and equipment to
install and complete structural works (“the Subcontract”). The original agreed
value of the works to be executed by the Defendant was about $9m.[note: 2]

The payment claim and payment response

3 On 6 September 2013, the Defendant served on the Plaintiff a payment claim
for progress payment for work done under the Subcontract in August 2013
pursuant to s 10(1) of the SOP Act. The payment claim stated that the
cumulative value of the work done by the Defendant from the start of the
Project till August 2013 was $6,152,032.37. The payment claim did not specify
the amount claimed for the month of August 2013.[note: 3]

4 Nevertheless, the Plaintiff subsequently served its payment response on the
Defendant on 30 September 2013 pursuant to s 11(1) of the SOP Act. The payment
response certified that the cumulative value of the work done to be
$5,608,268.53. It also provided that the payment amount certified for August
2013 was $695,370.76 (exclusive of GST).[note: 4]

5 Under cl 17 of the Subcontract, the Defendant was required to prepare a tax
invoice amount based on the response amount as stated in the payment response
in order to obtain payment. On 9 October 2013, the Defendant issued its tax
invoice to claim $744,046.71. However, the calculations in this tax invoice
did not include the GST. Upon the Plaintiff’s request, the Defendant
subsequently issued a revised tax invoice for $897,889.83 on 10 October 2013.
This amount was set off against the Plaintiff’s cross invoice for $143,778.61.
Hence a net sum of $754,111.22 (inclusive of GST) was payable to the
Defendant.[note: 5]

The adjudication application

6 The due date for payment of the $754,111.22 was 14 November 2013. When the
Plaintiff failed to make payment by that date, the Defendant wrote to the
Plaintiff on 15 November 2013 to give notice to the Plaintiff of its intention
to apply for adjudication in relation to the payment claim (“the Notice”) in
accordance with s 13(2) of the SOP Act. In the Notice, the Defendant indicated
that it is claiming the invoice amount of $897,889.83 and for the dispute
details it ticked the item “[p]aid amount disputed (including nil payment by
the payment due date)”. The Defendant further described the dispute in the
Notice as “[n]o payment received on the payment due date of 14 November
2013”.[note: 6]

7 On 20 November 2013, the Defendant lodged its adjudication application with
the Singapore Mediation Centre (“SMC”). In its adjudication application, the
Defendant indicated the nature of dispute as “[p]aid amount disputed (include
nil payment)”.[note: 7] However, the Defendant indicated the “Claimed Amount”
to be $1,328,536.83, a sum higher than the payment response of $695,370.76
(exclusive of GST).[note: 8] This higher amount was the original amount that
the Defendant was claiming from the Plaintiff in the payment claim and the
adjudication application. As the original payment claim did not specify the
claimed amount for August 2013, the Defendant had added handwritten notations
to the original payment claim to derive a claimed amount of $1,328,536.83 from
the cumulative value of work done indicated in the original payment
claim.[note: 9] Instead of the original payment claim, the Defendant then
lodged this amended payment claim together with its adjudication application.

8 On 26 November 2013, the SMC informed both the parties that Mr Tan Keok Heng
George had been appointed to act as the adjudicator for the
adjudication.[note: 10] The Plaintiff subsequently lodged its adjudication
response, a summary sheet and a bundle of supporting documents with the SMC on
28 November 2013 after receiving the adjudication application on 21 November
2013.[note: 11]

The adjudication determination

9 At the adjudication proceedings, the Plaintiff argued that the payment claim
was invalid because the original payment claim failed to specify the claimed
amount for the reference period, ie, August 2013. The claimed amount of
$1,328,536.83 was only provided for in the amended payment claim which was
lodged together with the adjudication application on 20 November 2013.

10 The Plaintiff also argued that the claimed amount in the adjudication was
for $1,328,536.83. This sum is higher than the amount stipulated in the
payment response. Therefore, the Defendant was essentially disputing the
payment response instead of disputing non-payment of the amount stated in the
payment response as indicated in its adjudication application. This meant
that, in accordance with s 12(2)(a), s 12(5) and s 13(3)(a) of the SOP Act,
the 7-day time limit for the Defendant to lodge an adjudication application
began after 8 October 2013. This is the date when the Defendant was first
entitled to make an adjudication application after the expiry of the 7-day
“dispute resolution period” which began after the receipt of the payment
response on 30 September 2013. Therefore, the last day for the Defendant to
lodge its adjudication application was 15 October 2013 and the adjudication
application lodged by the Defendant on 20 November 2013 was lodged out of
time.

11 The Plaintiff then submitted that the Defendant failed to include a
complete copy of the payment response in its adjudication application as
required by reg 7(2)(e) of the Building and Construction Industry Security of
Payment Regulations (Cap 30B, Rg 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPR”). In its adjudication
application, the Defendant only included one out of four printed pages of the
payment response served on it by the Plaintiff.

12 For these three reasons, the Plaintiff urged the adjudicator to reject the
adjudication application. The adjudicator agreed with the Plaintiff’s
submissions that the payment claim was not in order, that the adjudication
application was filed out of time and that the adjudication application failed
to include a complete payment response. However, the adjudicator also took
cognisance of the fact that the Plaintiff conceded in its adjudication
response that the lower certified amount of $695,370.36 (exclusive of GST)
stated in the payment response was payable to the Defendant. Therefore, the
adjudicator only rejected the part of the claim of $1,328,536.83 that was in
excess of $695,370.36 (exclusive of GST). He found that part of the claim
should be allowed because the Plaintiff had, in relation to the sum of
$695,370.36 (exclusive of GST), waived the formal requirements relating to the
payment claim and adjudication application under the SOP Act.

13 The Defendant also expressed concern during the adjudication that the
adjudication determination may have had to be rendered by 5 December 2013
within 7 days after the commencement of the adjudication in accordance with s
17(1)(a)(ii) of the SOP Act. This was because s 17(1)(a)(ii) would have
applied if the adjudicator found the dispute to be one which concerned the
failure to make payment in accordance with the payment response. However, the
adjudicator found that as the original claim in the adjudication application
was for an amount higher than the payment response, s 17(1)(b) of the SOP Act
applied which allowed him a 14-day time limit to issue the adjudication
determination. Therefore, he found that he only had to issue the adjudication
determination by 12 December 2013.

14 Consequently, the adjudicator, in his adjudication determination dated 11
December 2013, held that the Plaintiff should pay the Defendant $695,370.36
(exclusive of GST) which translated to $754,111.22 after GST was included. He
also ordered that interest on the sum of $754,111.22 be paid to the Defendant.
The adjudication costs were ordered to be borne equally by the parties.

15 The Plaintiff was dissatisfied with the adjudication determination and
therefore made this application seeking to set aside the adjudication
determination.

The plaintiff’s submissions

16 The Plaintiff submitted that the adjudication determination should be set
aside for the following reasons:

(a) That the payment claim failed to comply with s 10(3)(a) of the SOP Act by
stating the claimed amount calculated by reference to the period to which the
payment claim relates instead of the outstanding unpaid amount;

(b) That the adjudication application was lodged out of time and should have
been rejected by the adjudicator in accordance with s 16(2)(a) of the SOP Act;

(c) That there was a failure by the adjudicator to comply with the principles
of natural justice as required under s 16(3)(c) of the SOP Act;

(d) That the adjudication determination was rendered out of time.

Court’s decision

The court’s role in a setting aside application

17 In deciding whether or not to set aside an adjudication determination it is
not the court’s role to scrutinise the decisions of the adjudicator. However,
an invalid appointment of the adjudicator will nullify an adjudication
determination. There are also certain legislative provisions in the SOP Act
that are so important that their breach may affect the validity of the
adjudication determination. These are the observations made by the Court of
Appeal in _Lee Wee Lick Terence (alias Li Weili Terence) v Chua Say Eng
(formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction Engineering) and another appeal_
[2013] 1 SLR 401 ("_Chua Say Eng_ ”) at [66]–[67]:

66 Turning now to the court's role in a setting-aside action, we agree with
the holding in _SEF Construction_ ([14] _supra_) that the court should not
review the merits of an adjudicator's decision. The court does, however, have
the power to decide whether the adjudicator was validly appointed. If there is
no payment claim or service of a payment claim, the appointment of an
adjudicator will be invalid, and the resulting adjudication determination
would be null and void.

67 Even if there is a payment claim and service of that payment claim, the
court may still set aside the adjudication determination on the ground that
the claimant, in the course of making an adjudication application, has not
complied with one (or more) of the provisions under the Act which is so
important that _it is the legislative purpose that an act done in breach of
the provision should be invalid_ , whether it is labelled as an essential
condition or a mandatory condition. A breach of such a provision would result
in the adjudication determination being invalid. [emphasis in original]

18 Therefore, the crux of the matter lies in the legislative intent behind the
provisions. Regardless of whether the word “shall” is used, the court must
always ask itself whether it was Parliament’s intent to have adjudication
determinations that are made in violation of certain requirements set aside.
Certain factors would have to be considered in answering such a question. As
stated by Woo Bih Li J in _Australia Timber Products Pte Ltd v A Pacific
Construction & Development Pte Ltd_ [2013] 2 SLR 776 (“ _Australia Timber_ ”)
at [75]:

It seems to me that a number of considerations ought to influence the
determination of whether a particular provision of the Act or the SOPR is a
legislatively important provision. These considerations would include the
overarching purpose of the Act, the degree of difficulty in ascertaining
compliance with that provision, the fact that curial intervention is permitted
in the Act's adjudication mechanism, and the practical realities of the
construction industry and its operation. I hasten to add that this is not an
exhaustive list.

19 Bearing these considerations in mind, I proceed to examine the Plaintiff’s
submissions.

The payment claim

Is the payment claim valid?

20 Section 10(3)(a) of the SOP Act states that:

10(3) A payment claim -

(_a_) shall state the claimed amount, calculated by reference to the period to
which the payment claim relates …

21 Regulation 5(2) of the SOPR also provides that:

5(2) A payment claim shall -

(_a_) be in writing;

(b) identify the contract to which the progress payment that is the subject of
the payment claim relates; and

(c) contain details of the claimed amount, including -

(i) a breakdown of the items constituting the claimed amount;

(ii) a description of these items;

(iii) the quantity or quantum of each item; and

(iv) the calculations which show how the claimed amount is derived.

22 The purpose for having these requirements was enunciated by the Court of
Appeal in _Chua Say Eng_ at [74]:

… It seems to us that the legislated formal requirements for payment claims
are designed to ensure that specified items of information are made available
to the respondent before the claimant's rights under the Act are engaged. The
emphasis is therefore not on the claimant's intention but on the respondent
being given notice of certain information about the claim (such as the amount
claimed, the contract under which the claim is made and a breakdown of the
items constituting the claim). …

Bearing in mind the purpose of such requirements, the Court of Appeal
concluded at [78]:

… the correct test for determining the validity of a payment claim is whether
a purported payment claim satisfies all the formal requirements in s
10(3)(_a_) of the Act and reg 5(2) of the SOPR. If it does, it is a valid
payment claim. …

23 Nonetheless, although a payment claim that satisfies all the formal
requirements in s 10(3)(a) of the Act and reg 5(2) of the SOPR is a valid
payment claim, the converse cannot be said to be true. As stated by Woo Bih Li
J in _Australia Timber_ at [30]:

In my view, therefore, the two-step analysis proceeds as follows. If a
purported payment claim complies with s 10(3)(_a_) of the Act and reg 5(2) of
the SOPR, it is a valid payment claim and no further question arises as to its
validity, although an argument based on estoppel against the claimant can
still be made (_Chua Say Eng_ at [33], [73] and [78]). If, however, the
purported payment claim does not comply with these statutory provisions, it is
not necessarily rendered invalid and the adjudication determination is not
automatically invalidated. The court should instead proceed to examine whether
any of the provisions which were not complied with was so important that it
was the legislative purpose that an act done in breach of the provision should
be invalid, so that non-compliance with such a provision would invalidate the
adjudication determination (_Chua Say Eng_ at [67]).

24 For the purposes of determining the validity of the payment claim, I shall
only consider the original payment claim served on the Plaintiff on 6
September 2013. I shall comment on the amended payment claim annexed with the
Defendant’s adjudication application later on. The Defendant does not dispute
that the payment claim served on the Plaintiff on 6 September 2013 for
progress payment for work done under the Subcontract in the month of August
2013 did not state the specific amount claimed for the reference period which
is the month of August 2013. It only stated the cumulative value of the work
done from the start of the Project till the end of August 2013. The Plaintiff
would not know the actual amount claimed from the original payment claim until
the payment claim was amended with handwritten entries subsequently. This
amended payment claim was lodged by the Defendant together with its
adjudication application stating the amount claimed. Therefore, when the
Plaintiff was served with the payment claim on 6 September 2013, it would not
know how much the Defendant was actually claiming. The Defendant argued that
the payment claim was in order as the SOP Act does not specify what
constitutes a claim amount and what does not. Furthermore, the Defendant
submitted that the Plaintiff is estopped from disputing the validity of the
payment claim. The Defendant also argued that the Plaintiff did its own
calculation and in its payment response issued interim Payment Certificate 12
approving payment to the Defendant for $695,370.76. This was on 30 September
2013.

25 How important is the payment claim under the SOP Act? This requires a close
perusal of s 10 of the SOP Act, particularly s 10(3) that deals with payment
claim:

10(3) A payment claim —

(a) shall state the claimed amount, calculated by reference to the period to
which the payment claim relates; and

(b) shall be made in such form and manner, and contain such other information
or be accompanied by such documents, as may be prescribed.

26 From the above wordings it is clear that Parliament had mandated that the
payment claim must state the claimed amount. This is a basic requirement
because the respondent, and later on the adjudicator, will want to know what
is being claimed. After all, the main purpose of the SOP Act is to facilitate
easy and quick processing of claims in the construction industry. It is the
payment claim that initiates the claim protocol under the SOP Act. Therefore
the payment claim must clearly state what the claim amount is. It is very
unfortunate that the Defendant had failed to indicate the exact amount it was
claiming for the month of August 2013. This is a series of serious errors made
by the Defendant. Later, when no payment was forthcoming despite the Plaintiff
certifying the amount of $695,370.76 (exclusive of GST), the Defendant served
the Notice of Intention to apply for adjudication on the Plaintiff on 15
November 2013. It did not indicate $695,370.76 (exclusive of GST) as the
claimed amount but $897,889.83 instead. When the Defendant lodged its
adjudication application, it once again claimed a different amount. This time
the Defendant claimed $1,328,536.83. What then is the actual amount that the
Defendant was claiming? At the hearing before me the Defendant submitted that
it was claiming $695,370.76 (exclusive of GST) but this was not apparent when
the Defendant initiated the claim proceedings under the SOP Act.

27 It is common sense that for any claim or adjudication procedure to advance
expeditiously and efficiently, the claimed amount must be made known in the
payment claim pursuant to s 10(3)(a) of the SOP Act. If that is not the case,
it would be difficult for the respondent to serve a proper payment response.
How would one be able to decide on how much to pay another if he does not even
know how much is demanded? Further, if there is a dispute as to the payment
response, the respondent will be unable to negotiate with the claimant since
he is unaware of the claimant’s position. The adjudication process will then
not be able to proceed in accordance with the envisioned framework of the SOP
Act.

28 Here, it was not a situation whereby the figures provided in the payment
claim would allow a person to logically ascertain what the actual claimed
amount was at that point in time. There was no indication of the amount
claimed. It was later at the adjudication application that figures were hand
written and labelled as “Amount approved previously” and “Retention 10%”.
These were added on in the amended payment claim. The amounts also did not
correspond with any of the numbers in the Plaintiff’s payment response. Thus
the Plaintiff would not have known the Defendant’s claimed amount for the
month of August 2013. In short, it was impossible for the Plaintiff to have
figured out what the Defendant’s actual claim in its payment claim. This
explains why subsequently when the Plaintiff lodged its adjudication response
at section B under “Contract type” it ticked the box “Disputed payment
response” and for “Nature of Dispute” it ticked the boxes “Disputed payment
response” and “Paid amount disputed (including nil payment)”[note: 12]. In
this case when the Plaintiff certified $695,370.76 (exclusive of GST) on 30
September in response to the payment claim, it did so from its own calculation
and understanding of the amount outstanding for the month of August 2013. It
did not and could not do so based on the Defendant’s understanding since the
Defendant’s payment claim failed to stipulate the claimed amount in breach of
s 10(3) of the SOP Act. Hence, I find that the non-compliance with s 10(3)(a)
rendered the Defendant’s payment claim invalid.

May the invalidity of the payment claim be waived?

29 Despite the Defendant’s failure to state the amount claimed in its payment
claim, the Defendant turned the table and argued that the Plaintiff is
estopped or had waived the claim requirement under the SOP Act. Is this a
valid argument when it is the Defendant who had failed to comply with the SOP
Act in its pursuit of its claim under the same Act?

30 As held by Judith Prakash J in _Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd v
Ssangyong Engineering & Construction Co Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 658 at [43]–[44]:

43 Considering the authorities cited by each party, it appeared at first that
they could not be reconciled. On the one hand, it was declared by high
authority that parties could not be estopped from contesting jurisdiction and,
on the other hand, there were numerous cases in which exactly that seemed to
have happened. There was, however, an answer to the quandary and it was
provided by the claimant. The claimant pointed out that the confusion arose
from the way in which the word "jurisdiction" was used by the respondent.
Agreeing that parties could not confer or waive "jurisdiction" as explained in
the authorities cited by the respondent, the claimant averred that that was
the case when "jurisdiction" was used in its narrow meaning of "competence to
hear". When "jurisdiction" was used in a wider sense, _ie_ , in reference to
the manner in which the court's power was exercised then waiver or estoppel
could be relied on. The distinction between the two meanings of the word
appears clearly from the following passage of the judgment of Deane J in _Then
Kang Chu v Tan Kim Hoe_ [1925] SSLR 4:

By the jurisdiction of a Court is meant the authority which the Court has to
decide matters litigated before it or to take cognizance of matters presented
in a formal way for its decision. Its limits are defined in the Statute,
Charter or commission constituting the Court and must be sought for there.

...

The last point to be dealt with is the argument that defendant having appeared
in the lower Court and taken no objection to the jurisdiction is thereby
estopped from pleading to it. The principles governing the application of
estoppel in such cases are well stated in Spencer Bower on 'Estoppel by
Representation' at page 187, 'Even the most plain and express contract or
consent, a fortiori, therefore, any mere conduct or inaction or acquiescence,
of a party litigant from which a representation may be implied, such as to
give rise to an estoppel, cannot confer judicial authority on any of His
Majesty's subjects not (18) already invested with such authority by the law of
the land, or add to the jurisdiction lawfully exercised by any judicial
tribunal'. ... On the other hand, 'where it is merely a question of
irregularity of procedure, or of a defect in "contingent" jurisdiction or non-
compliance with statutory conditions precedent to the validity of a step in
the litigation, of such a character that, if one of the parties be allowed to
waive, or by conduct or inaction to estop himself from setting up such
irregularity or want of "contingent" jurisdiction or noncompliance, no new
jurisdiction is thereby impliedly created, and no existing jurisdiction is
thereby impliedly extended beyond its existing boundaries, the estoppel will
be maintained, and the affirmative answer of illegality will fail'.

44 Thus, it seemed that when what was being alleged was an absolute lack of
jurisdiction on the part of a particular tribunal or court to hear a
particular dispute, "jurisdiction" being used in the strict sense of capacity
to hear, then if the tribunal concerned does not have such jurisdiction, any
party to the dispute may assert the lack of jurisdiction at any stage and can
never be held to be estopped from doing so or to have waived its right of
protest. On the contrary, when it is a question of irregularity of procedure
or contingent jurisdiction or non-compliance with a statutory condition
precedent to the validity of a step in the litigation, such irregularity or
non-compliance can be waived because the effect of the waiver would not be to
create or confer any jurisdiction that did not previously exist.

31 Therefore, in such an instance, the question would then depend on whether
the irregularity pertaining to the requirements of making a valid payment
claim relates to “jurisdiction” in the narrow sense or the wider sense. In
relation to non-compliance with s 10(3) of the SOP Act, Quentin Loh J held in
_Admin Construction Pte Ltd v Vivaldi (S) Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 609 at
[59]–[60]:

59 … In discussing _TPX Builders_ [Woo Bih Li J] said that a payment claim
made in breach of the Act would undermine the jurisdiction of the adjudicator
and therefore the validity of his rendered determination: at [35]. Accordingly
neither s 15(3) of the [SOP] Act nor estoppel should preclude a respondent
from challenging the validity of the payment claim in an action for setting
aside. Woo J pointed to _Terence Lee_ at [64]-[65] for the proposition that a
dispute over the validity of the payment claim was an issue to be determined
by the court and not the adjudicator and repeated this reasoning in the recent
case of _Australian Timber Products Pte Ltd v A Pacific Construction &
Development Pte Ltd_ [2013] 2 SLR 776 at [36]:

The formal validity of a payment claim under s 10(3) of the Act is therefore
not a matter on which an adjudicator is entitled to decide; and in this
regard, it would be superfluous to raise for the adjudicator's consideration
any objection to validity stemming from the lack of detail in a purported
payment claim. No question of any estoppel can arise, given that the
adjudicator cannot decide on the point even if it is brought up for his
consideration.

60 I agree that in _Terence Lee_ , the Court of Appeal definitively clarified
that a challenge to the validity of a payment claim amounts to a challenge to
the validity of the appointment of the adjudicator, _ie_ , a challenge to the
adjudicator's jurisdiction rather than the exercise of such jurisdiction (see
[21] above) …

32 Therefore, given that the irregularity here related to “jurisdiction” in
the strict sense, such that it affected the validity of the appointment of the
adjudicator and his competence to hear the adjudication, no defence of waiver
or estoppel may be relied upon by the Defendant. Woo Bih Li J also found that
non-compliance with s 10(1) of the SOP Act could not be waived in _JFC
Builders Pte Ltd v LionCity Construction Co Pte Ltd_ [2013] 1 SLR 1157 at
[43]. Accordingly, I find that non-compliance with s 10(3) of the SOP Act
cannot be waived as well. I would also like to point out that the adjudicator
could not have decided on the issue of waiver in his adjudication
determination since he did not have the power to decide on issues related to
the validity of his own appointment.

33 In any event I do not think that the Plaintiff had waived compliance with s
10(3)(a) or had been estopped from complaining about it at any point in time
of the adjudication. The Plaintiff was never aware of the actual claim of
$1,328,536.83 until the time the amended payment claim was lodged together
with the adjudication application and forwarded to it by the SMC. Upon
discovery of this unexpected amount, the Plaintiff then began to mount its
complaints. The serving of the payment response on the Defendant cannot be
taken to mean that the Plaintiff had forgone its legal rights since it was all
the Plaintiff could have done at that point in time other than refusing to
respond to the Defendant. The Plaintiff could not have challenged its validity
because there was no forum for the Plaintiff to do so at that point in time.
This also applies to all the previous instances where the Defendant served a
payment claim for an unspecified amount and subsequently accepted the
Plaintiff’s payment response.

34 Therefore, when SMC appointed George Tan as the adjudicator for this case
it was unaware of the invalidity of the payment claim. Hence this had affected
the validity of the adjudicator’s appointment. He would then have no
jurisdiction or competence to make an adjudication determination. This itself
is sufficient for the setting aside of the adjudication determination.
However, I shall proceed to consider the other grounds of setting aside raised
by the Plaintiff.

The adjudication application

Was the adjudication application filed out of time?

35 The Plaintiff submitted that as the Defendant claimed for $1,328,536.83 in
its adjudication application, an amount higher than that stated in its payment
response, the Defendant was in fact disputing the payment response provided by
the Plaintiff. Furthermore, the Defendant had indicated in the Notice that it
was claiming $897,889.83. Thus, both these amounts claimed were higher than
the payment response of $695,370.36 (exclusive of GST). In such a scenario,
the time for the Defendant to lodge an adjudication application is determined
in accordance with s 12(2) and s 12(5) of the SOP Act which state that:

12(2) Where, in relation to a construction contract -

(_a_) the claimant disputes a payment response provided by the respondent; or

(b) the respondent fails to provide a payment response to the claimant by the
date or within the period referred to in section 11(1),

the claimant is entitled to make an adjudication application under section 13
in relation to the relevant payment claim if, by the end of the dispute
settlement period, the dispute is not settled or the respondent does not
provide the payment response, as the case may be.

…

12(5) In this section, “dispute settlement period”, in relation to a payment
claim dispute, means the period of 7 days after the date on which or the
period within which the payment response is required to be provided under
section 11(1).

36 In this case, the Plaintiff served the payment response on the Defendant on
30 September 2013. The “dispute settlement period” therefore started on 1
October 2013 and ended on 7 October 2013. Therefore, the Defendant was
entitled to lodge an adjudication application from 8 October 2013 onwards. The
time limit for lodging an adjudication application would then be within 7 days
after 8 October 2013 in accordance with s 13(3)(a) of the SOP Act which states
that:

13(3) An adjudication application -

(_a_) shall be made within 7 days after the entitlement of the claimant to
make an adjudication application first arises under section 12 …

37 The last day for the Defendant to lodge its adjudication application was on
15 October 2013. However, in this case, the adjudication application was only
lodged with the SMC on 20 November 2013. Thus it was lodged out of time.

38 However, the Defendant submitted that the nature of the dispute was not in
relation to the payment response but was instead based on the failure of the
Plaintiff to pay the amount of $695,370.36 (exclusive of GST) stated in its
payment response. This was despite the fact that the Defendant had indicated
its claimed amount as $1,328,536.83 which was higher than the Plaintiff’s
payment response amount. In the Notice, the claimed amount of $897,889.83 is
also higher than the response amount. Notwithstanding these facts, the
Defendant relies on the fact that in both the Notice and its adjudication
application, it had ticked the boxes beside the phrases “Paid amount disputed
(including nil payment by the payment due date)” and “Paid amount disputed
(include nil payment)” respectively. The boxes ticked indicated the nature of
the dispute in both forms. The Defendant submitted that it did not tick the
boxes with the phrases “Payment response disputed (applicable to construction
contracts only)” and “Disputed payment response” in the Notice and its
adjudication application respectively.

39 According to the Defendant’s submissions, it was entitled to lodge its
adjudication application on the day after the payment date for $695,370.36
(exclusive of GST) on 14 November 2013 had passed. Section 12(1) of the SOP
Act states that:

12(1) Subject to subsection (2), a claimant who, in relation to a construction
contract, fails to receive payment by the due date of the response amount
which he has accepted is entitled to make an adjudication application under
section 13 in relation to the relevant payment claim.

40 Given that the Defendant was only entitled to lodge its adjudication
application on 15 November 2013, the last day for lodging its adjudication
application would be 22 November 2013. Therefore, since the adjudication
application was lodged by the Defendant on 20 November 2013, it was lodged
within time.

41 I cannot accept the Defendant’s submission. Its adjudication application
was clearly based on a dispute as to the Plaintiff’s payment response.
Although it kept insisting that the dispute was in relation to “[p]aid amount
disputed”, it never unequivocally abandoned or withdrew the claim of
$1,328,536.83. Although the Defendant agreed that Plaintiff should pay it
$695,370.36 (exclusive of GST), this did not mean that the Defendant was not
claiming in excess of $695,370.36 (exclusive of GST) as well. The Defendant
did not adduce any evidence that it had “accepted” the payment response, as
required by s 12(1) of the SOP Act, such that it has agreed to accept the
payment response in satisfaction of its payment claim in its entirety. On the
contrary, the Defendant had indicated that it was claiming for higher amounts
in both the Notice and the adjudication application. Furthermore, if the
Defendant was truly only claiming for $695,370.36 (exclusive of GST) and
nothing in excess of the payment response—which would render it a dispute as
to the payment response—it could have applied to the adjudicator to amend its
adjudication application by correcting the claimed amount such that it
reflected $695,370.36 (exclusive of GST) only. This is permitted under reg
7(2A) of the SOPR which states that:

7(2A) The adjudicator appointed under section 14 of the Act may, at any time
before the making of the determination and on such terms as to costs or
otherwise as he thinks just, allow such amendments to be made to an
adjudication application as he thinks fit.

42 However, the Defendant did not attempt to make any amendment to its
adjudication application. This was despite it knowing of the problem with the
claimed amount before the adjudication determination was issued on 11 December
2013. It is peculiar that the Defendant could make submissions to the effect
that the dispute was one as to “[p]aid amount disputed” but could not make an
application to amend its adjudication application. The Defendant clearly
wanted to have its cake and eat it. It claimed for a higher amount while
insisting on timelines that only applied if it claimed for the payment
response amount only. Even if the higher claimed amount was a clerical
mistake, the Defendant made no attempt to correct the mistake. By not
abandoning or withdrawing the higher claimed amount, the Defendant took a
risk. It kept alive the possibility that it could receive a determination for
a sum greater than $695,370.36 (exclusive of GST). However, at the same time,
it gave rise to the possibility that its adjudication application could be
found to be lodged out of the time. This was what happened in this case. By
claiming for a higher amount, the Defendant in effect disputed the payment
response. It should have lodged its adjudication application by 15 October
2013 but failed to do so. Therefore, I find that the Defendant had lodged its
adjudication application out of time and failed to comply with s 13(3)(a) of
the SOP Act.

Must an adjudication determination premised on an out of time adjudication
application be set aside?

43 Section 16(2)(a) of the SOP Act states that:

16(2) An adjudicator shall reject -

(_a_) any adjudication application that is not made in accordance with section
13(3)(a), (b) or (c) …

44 This is a directive to the adjudicator to reject the adjudication
application if it was filed out of time pursuant to s 13(3)(a) of the SOP Act.
This is elaborated on in Chow Kok Fong, _Security of Payments and Construction
Adjudication_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) at para 9.52:

Of the requirements stipulated under section 13(3), those under paragraphs
(a), (b) and (c) are particularly important because section 16(2)(a) provides
that ‘an adjudicator shall reject … any adjudication application that is not
made in accordance with section 13(3)(a), (b) or (c)’: Given the mandatory
wording of the subsection, as long as a case for non-compliance with any of
these three requirements has been made, the adjudicator is obliged to dismiss
the adjudication application.

45 Although the Court of Appeal did not express an opinion as to whether an
adjudication determination premised on an out of time adjudication must be set
aside in _Chua Say Eng_ at [61], subsequent cases have answered the question
in the affirmative. In _RN & Associates Pte Ltd v TPX Builders Pte Ltd_ [2013]
1 SLR 848, Andrew Ang J held at [54] –[55]:

54 Besides, s 16(2) of the SOP Act circumscribes the jurisdiction of an
adjudicator by laying out the circumstances wherein an adjudicator _must_
reject an adjudication application, _viz_ , where the application does not
comply with s 13(3)(_a_), (_b_) or (_c_) of the SOP Act. ...

55 The SOP Act has chosen the grounds under s 13(3)(_a_), (_b_) and (_c_) of
the SOP Act to circumscribe the adjudicator's jurisdiction in relation to an
adjudication application. ... [emphasis in original]

The above was followed by AR Jordan Tan in _Shin Khai Construction Pte Ltd v
FL Wong Construction Pte Ltd_ [2013] SGHCR 4 at [26]–[28].

46 I agree with the above two decisions in relation to s 16(2)(a) of the SOP
Act which makes it mandatory for an adjudicator to reject an adjudication
application that does not comply with ss 13(3)(a), (b) or (c). This is
especially the case for s 13(3)(a) of the SOP Act which deals with timelines,
an essential factor in ensuring a fast and fluid cash flow within the building
and construction industry. As stated by Mr Cedric Foo Chee Keng, then Minister
of State for National Development, during the second reading of the Building
and Construction Industry Security of Payment Bill 2004 (Bill 54 of 2004)
("the SOP Bill"), which was later enacted as Act 57/2004, _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (16 November 2004) vol 78 at col 1112:

The SOP Bill will preserve the rights to payment for work done and goods
supplied of all the parties in the construction industry. It also facilitates
cash flow by establishing a fast and low cost adjudication system to resolve
payment disputes. Affected parties will have the right to suspend work or
withhold the supply of goods and services, if the adjudicated amount is not
paid in full or not paid at all.

47 The timelines under the SOP Act are therefore very tight so as to
facilitate “cash flow by establishing a fast and low cost adjudication
system”: _W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd_ [2013] 3 SLR 380 (“
_W Y Steel_ ”) at [25]. The importance of observing such tight timelines was
elaborate by McDougall J in the Australian decision of _Chase Oyster Bar v
Hamo Industries_ [2010] NSWCA 190 (“ _Chase Oyster_ ”) at [208]–[209]:

208 Further, the _Security of Payment Act_ operates in a way that has been
described as “rough and ready” or, less kindly, as “Draconian”. It imposes a
mandatory regime regardless of the parties’ contract: s 34. It provides
extremely abbreviated time frames for the exchange of payment claims, payment
schedules, adjudication applications and adjudication responses. It provides a
very limited time for adjudicators to make their decisions on what, experience
shows, are often extremely complex claims involving very substantial volumes
of documents (see, for example, my decision in _Laing O’Rourke Australia
Construction v H &M Engineering and Construction_ [2010] NSWSC 818 at [8]).

209 The _Security of Payment Act_ gives very valuable, and commercially
important, advantages to builders and subcontractors. At each stage of the
regime for enforcement of the statutory right to progress payments, the
_Security of Payment Act_ lays down clear specifications of time and other
requirements to be observed. It is not difficult to understand that the
availability of those rights should depend on strict observance of the
statutory requirements that are involved in their creation.

48 Hence, the legislative intent was for the 7-day timeline in s 13(3)(a) to
be observed strictly such that the adjudicator must, without any room for
discretion, reject an adjudication application lodged out of time. This would
also mean that there is no room for waiver of the formal requirements by the
parties to the adjudication. Even though this may seem draconian, the
observations by the Court of Appeal in _W Y Steel_ at [22] must be borne in
mind:

Statutory adjudication of building and construction disputes takes the concept
one step further. Interim payment claims _per se_ are not granted temporary
finality under the adjudication scheme. Instead, the parties enter into an
expedited and, indeed, an abbreviated process of dispute resolution in which
payment claims and payment responses must be made within the stipulated
deadlines to an adjudicator, who is himself constrained to render a quick
decision. As a species of justice, it is admittedly somewhat roughshod, but it
is fast; and any shortcomings in the process are offset by the fact that the
resultant decision only has temporary finality. The party found to be in
default has to pay the amount which the adjudicator holds to be due (referred
to in the Act as the "adjudicated amount"), but the dispute can be reopened at
a later time and ventilated in another more thorough and deliberate forum.

49 Therefore the adjudicator should have rejected the adjudication application
as required by s 16(2) which circumscribes the adjudicator’s jurisdiction.
There is no exception to this obligation. The Plaintiff also succeeds on this
ground of setting aside.

Was there a failure by the adjudicator to comply with the principles of
natural justice as required under s 16(3)(c) of the SOP Act

50 The Plaintiff submitted that after the adjudicator found that the Defendant
had failed to comply with the requirements of the SOP Act, the adjudicator
concluded that the Plaintiff, through its conduct, had waived the strict
compliance with the requirements of the SOP Act in favour of the Defendant.
The Plaintiff argued that it had not waived the strict compliance of the SOP
Act as it opposed the Defendant’s claim. The Plaintiff took issue with the
fact that the adjudicator had not solicited the Plaintiff’s view on this issue
of waiver and thus the Plaintiff was denied the opportunity to address the
adjudicator. In my view this ground for setting aside the adjudication
determination is unmeritorious.

51 Section 18 of the SOP Act permits an aggrieved respondent to seek a review
of the adjudication determination. The Plaintiff chose not to seek an
adjudication review in this case. In _AM Associates (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
Laguna National Golf and Country Club Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 260, Judith Prakash J
opined that the Court would not lightly interfere with an adjudication
determination on the ground of natural justice as the aggrieved respondent
could seek a review of the adjudication determination under s 18 of the SOP
Act. The Court held at [26] that :

The principles of natural justice are concerned with the provision of a fair
hearing to contending parties. They do not mandate any particular result. As
long as the parties have been given a fair hearing, the decision cannot be set
aside for failure to comply with natural justice. A party who is dissatisfied
with the decision on its merits cannot use the principles of natural justice
to have the decision set aside. In the scheme for adjudication set out by the
SOP Act, a respondent who is dissatisfied with an adjudication determination
can ask for a review adjudicator or review adjudication panel to be appointed
to review the determination. If this is done, then the evidence can be
revisited on the review and the review adjudicator may, if he sees fit, make a
different decision from that made by the adjudicator. The SOP Act has provided
a means for dissatisfied respondents to be reheard and that is the review
adjudication; it is not the application to court for setting aside under s
27(5). The court cannot be asked under cover of an allegation of breach of
natural justice to review the merits of the adjudicator’s decision.

52 I am of the view that the Plaintiff was given a fair opportunity to be
heard. There is no evidence to suggest that he was denied an opportunity to be
heard. Thus there was no breach of natural justice.

The adjudication determination

Was the adjudication determination rendered out of time?

53 As stated by s 17(1) of the SOP Act:

17(1) An adjudicator shall determine an adjudication application -

(_a_) within 7 days after the commencement of the adjudication, if the
adjudication relates to a construction contract and the respondent -

(i) has failed to make a payment response and to lodge an adjudication
response by the commencement of the adjudication; or

(ii) has failed to pay the response amount, which has been accepted by the
claimant, by the due date; or

(b) in any other case, within 14 days after the commencement of the
adjudication or within such longer period as may have been requested by the
adjudicator and agreed to by the claimant and the respondent.

54 In accordance with s 16(1) of the SOP Act, an adjudication is deemed to
have commenced after the 7-day time limit for the respondent to file an
adjudication response stipulated in s 15(1) has expired. Section 15(1) of the
SOP Act provides that the respondent has to file an adjudication response
within 7 days after it receives the adjudication application. Since the
Plaintiff received the adjudication application on 21 November 2013, the last
day for filing an adjudication response is 28 November 2013.

55 The Plaintiff submitted that if the Defendant’s argument that the dispute
fell under s 12(1) of the SOP Act (see [37] above), such that it was a dispute
as to failure to make payment, then the deadline for the rendering of the
adjudication determination would be 7 days after 28 November 2013 (the
deadline for filing the adjudication response) in accordance with s
17(1)(a)(ii) of the SOP Act. Therefore, the deadline would be 5 December 2013.
The adjudication determination rendered on 11 December 2013 would be rendered
out of time.

56 However, as I have rejected the Defendant’s argument that the dispute
concerned the failure to make payment (see [40] above), the correct provision
to apply would be s 17(1)(b) since this is a dispute as to the payment
response itself. Therefore, the deadline would be 14 days after 28 November
2013, which would then be 12 December 2013. Therefore, I find that the
adjudication rendered on 11 December 2013 was within time.

57 I would like to further add that s 17(1)(b) of the SOP Act allows the
adjudicator to request for more time to submit his adjudication determination
with the agreement of the parties. In this case the Defendant had emailed the
adjudicator on 5 December 2013 asking whether the adjudicator required more
time as it thought that s 17(1)(a) was the operative provision, _ie_ the
adjudicator had only 7 days to issue the adjudication determination. The
adjudicator was of the view that this case involved a disputed payment
response. Thus s 17(1)(b) applied, giving the adjudicator 14 days to issue his
adjudication determination. This was communicated to the parties in the
adjudicator’s email dated 6 December. The Plaintiff did not express a contrary
view. If it did, I am certain that the adjudicator would have requested for
more time from the parties. It is therefore, not right for the Plaintiff to
now complain that the adjudication determination was rendered out of time.

Conclusion

58 Although the adjudication determination was rendered within time, the
Defendant’s payment claim is invalid. The Defendant’s adjudication application
was also lodged out of time. These are valid grounds for setting aside the
adjudication determination and I accordingly allowed the Plaintiff’s
application. I would like parties to address me on the issue of costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Tan Jiann Jiong, p 3, para 4.

[note: 2]Affidavit of Tan Jiann Jiong, p 3, para 5.

[note: 3]Affidavit of Tan Jiann Jiong, p 4, para 7.

[note: 4]Affidavit of Tan Jiann Jiong, p 4, para 8.

[note: 5]Affidavit of Tan Jiann Jiong, p 5, para 9 – 10.

[note: 6]Affidavit of Peter Green, p 312.

[note: 7]Affidavit of Tan Jiann Jiong, p 37.

[note: 8]Affidavit of Tan Jiann Jiong, p 37.

[note: 9]Affidavit of Tan Jiann Jiong, p 290.

[note: 10]Affidavit of Tan Jiann Jiong, p 687, para 18.

[note: 11]Affidavit of Tan Jiann Jiong, p 8, para 18.

[note: 12]Affidavit of Tan Jiann Jiong, Tab 5 page 266.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jul 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

