Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  _Re_ Michael Fordham QC  
[2014] SGHC 223

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 595 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 November 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Abraham Vergis and Clive Myint Soe (Providence Law Asia
LLC) for the applicant; Jeffrey Chan Wah Teck SC and Terence Tan (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the Attorney-General; Christopher Anand Daniel,
Harjean Kaur and Aw Sze Min (Advocatus Law LLP) for the Law Society of
Singapore.  
Parties| :|  Re Michael Fordham QC  
  
5 November 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This is an application by Mr Michael Fordham QC (“the Applicant”) for _ad
hoc_ admission under s 15 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“LPA”). The Applicant seeks admission to represent Mr Deepak Sharma (“Mr
Sharma”) in the latter’s application for judicial review against the decision
of a Review Committee (“RC”) constituted under s 85(6) of the LPA in respect
of his complaint to the Law Society of Singapore against two solicitors,
namely, Mr Alvin Yeo SC (“Mr Yeo SC”) and Ms Melanie Ho (“Ms Ho”). The RC had
wholly dismissed Mr Sharma’s complaint against Mr Yeo SC and partially
dismissed it against Ms Ho. By way of background, Mr Sharma’s complaint arose
in connection with several costs orders made against his wife, Dr Susan Lim
(“Dr Lim”), following the dismissal of various applications and appeals
brought by Dr Lim against the Singapore Medical Council (“SMC”) in the course
of earlier disciplinary proceedings.

2 The entire saga concerning the disciplinary proceedings against Dr Lim has
already gone through two rounds of hearings before the Disciplinary Committee
of the SMC, which found her guilty of professional misconduct for
overcharging. Dr Lim was suspended from medical practice for three years,
censured and fined $10,000. She appealed to the High Court but this was
eventually dismissed. In the present application, the events which occurred
_prior_ to Dr Lim’s aforementioned appeal are material. It is pertinent to
note that Dr Lim had challenged certain procedural decisions of the SMC by
initiating two applications in the High Court, one of which was subsequently
withdrawn while the other made its way to the Court of Appeal. The Court of
Appeal ultimately dismissed Dr Lim’s appeal in respect of the latter
application with costs ordered against her. When no agreement could be reached
on the costs ordered against Dr Lim, the SMC’s lawyers, Wong Partnership LLP
(“Wong P”) filed their bills of costs for taxation in the High Court and, upon
taxation, the costs were significantly reduced. In an ironic twist of events,
the saga continues with Dr Lim’s husband, Mr Sharma, lodging a complaint
against the SMC’s lawyers for gross overcharging as evidenced by the
significant reduction of costs on taxation, the very same act of professional
misconduct which led to his wife’s suspension.

3 Apart from the intense publicity generated by the entire episode, there are
several unusual features in this application as well as in the underlying
application for judicial review.

4 First, this is not a typical judicial review filed by a party directly
aggrieved by an administrative body’s decision. The complaint was filed not by
Dr Lim, but by her husband instead. No explanation was forthcoming as to why
the complaint was not filed by the party who is liable to pay the costs to the
SMC, _ie_ , Dr Lim. Mr Sharma purported to demonstrate his interest in the
complaint by stating that he was the “ _co-funder_ ” of Dr Lim’s legal fees
and that he owed it to his “ _conscience to make this complaint_ ”. However,
during the hearing before me, he adopted the position that the complaint can
be filed by anyone without having to establish any standing. Such an unusual
application not unexpectedly raises interesting issues on Mr Sharma’s _locus
standi_ which I will address below.

5 Second, the _ad hoc_ admission application is also unusual in one very
unique fact. The Applicant in his statement in support of his application
asserted that he should be admitted “[n]otwithstanding that I do not satisfy
all the requirements under s 15” of the LPA. I note that this is the first
application for _ad hoc_ admission where the Applicant himself accepted that
the requirements under s 15 are not satisfied. However, the Applicant
purported to correct his statement by subsequently filing a corrective
affidavit (a) without leave of court, (b) without explaining why he had
earlier stated that he did not satisfy the requirements under s 15, and (c)
what caused him to reverse his position.

6 I will return to discuss these peculiarities in due course. At this
juncture, however, it is perhaps appropriate to elaborate on the relevant
background facts in greater detail.

Background facts

7 On 23 January 2014, Mr Sharma made a complaint to the Law Society under s
85(1) of the LPA against Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho of Wong P.[note: 1] In essence,
the complaint alleged that Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho were guilty of professional
misconduct in seeking grossly excessive party-and-party costs against Dr Lim
in Originating Summons No 1131 of 2010 (“OS 1131/2010”), Originating Summons
No 1252 of 2010 (“OS 1252/2010”) and Civil Appeal No 80 of 2011 (“CA
80/2011”).[note: 2] OS 1131/2010, OS 1252/2010 and CA 80/2011 were all filed
in the course of a separate set of proceedings between Dr Lim and the SMC,
which had been represented by Wong P throughout. Those proceedings were set in
motion by a complaint of overcharging against Dr Lim in late 2007 and
culminated only in June 2013 with the High Court’s decision in _Lim Mey Lee
Susan v Singapore Medical Council_ [2013] 3 SLR 900 (“ _Susan Lim_ ”), which
upheld the decision of a Disciplinary Committee appointed by the SMC to
convict Dr Lim on 94 charges of professional misconduct. The procedural
history leading up to the decision in _Susan Lim_ is set out in detail at
[3]–[23] of the judgment. For present purposes, it is only necessary to
highlight the following facts to place Mr Sharma’s complaint in its proper
context.

The proceedings between the SMC and Dr Lim

8 On 3 December 2007, an official of the Ministry of Health, Singapore
(“MOHS”) lodged a complaint against Dr Lim with the SMC (_Susan Lim_ at [11]).
This complaint expressed MOHS’s concern over the sums invoiced by Dr Lim for
the treatment of one of her patients and concluded that MOHS was referring the
matter to the SMC for a thorough investigation. The complaint was laid before
a Complaints Committee which, after having invited and reviewed Dr Lim’s
written explanation, made an order on 17 November 2008 that a formal inquiry
be held by a Disciplinary Committee (_Susan Lim_ at [12]). A Disciplinary
Committee (“the First DC”) was duly appointed to inquire into MOHS’s
complaint.

9 On 20 July 2009, the First DC issued a notice of inquiry to Dr Lim
containing 94 charges of professional misconduct under s 45(1)(_d_) of the
Medical Registration Act (Cap 174, 2004 Rev Ed) (_Susan Lim_ at [14]). The
hearing before the First DC commenced on 28 January 2010 and, at the close of
the Prosecution’s case, counsel for Dr Lim made a submission of no case to
answer. A three-day hearing commencing on 29 July 2010 was fixed for oral
submissions but, as it turned out, the First DC recused itself after an
application was made by Dr Lim’s counsel on the basis that the First DC had
prejudged the matter (_Susan Lim_ at [14]).

10 Subsequently, the SMC proceeded to appoint a fresh Disciplinary Committee
(“the Second DC”) on 14 September 2010 (_Susan Lim_ at [15]). This prompted Dr
Lim to file OS 1131/2010 and OS 1252/2010 on 1 November 2010 and 17 December
2010 respectively.[note: 3]

11 OS 1131/2010 was an application that the SMC had no right to use the
patient’s confidential medical records in disciplinary proceedings against Dr
Lim without the consent of the patient’s next-of-kin. However, it was later
withdrawn on 21 February 2011 after the SMC produced a letter from the
patient’s next-of-kin which permitted the use of her medical records.[note: 4]
OS 1252/2010 was a judicial review application for a quashing order against
the SMC’s decision to appoint the Second DC. This application was heard before
Philip Pillai J, who granted leave for judicial review (see _Lim Mey Lee Susan
v Singapore Medical Council_ [2011] SGHC 131) but eventually dismissed the
application for a quashing order on 26 May 2011 (see _Lim Mey Lee Susan v
Singapore Medical Council_ [2011] 4 SLR 156).

12 CA 80/2011 was Dr Lim’s appeal against Pillai J’s decision. It was
dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 30 November 2011 with costs ordered
against her (see _Lim Mey Lee Susan v Singapore Medical Council_ [2012] 1 SLR
701).

The claim for costs against Dr Lim

13 In a letter dated 12 March 2012, the SMC’s solicitors (_ie_ , Wong P)
sought to recover party-and-party costs against Dr Lim in respect of OS
1131/2010, OS 1252/2010 and CA 80/2011.[note: 5] The sums claimed were
disputed and Dr Lim’s solicitors offered a counter-proposal in their reply to
Wong P on 8 June 2012.[note: 6] Wong P did not agree to this counter-proposal
and thus proceeded to draw up three bills of costs for taxation in respect of
OS 1131/2010, OS 1252/2010 and CA 80/2011 which totalled $1,007,009.37.[note:
7] At the taxation hearing on 25 June 2013, the Assistant Registrar taxed off
approximately two-thirds of the total sum claimed in the three bills, allowing
the recovery of only $340,000.[note: 8]

14 Dissatisfied with the outcome, Wong P applied for a review of the taxation
which was heard by Woo Bih Li J on 12 August 2013. Prior to the review
hearing, Wong P, on their own accord, reduced the total quantum of costs
sought to $720,000, which was $287,009.37 less than the total sum of
$1,007,009.37 claimed under the original bills.[note: 9] The explanation given
by Wong P for this unilateral deduction at the review hearing was that its
earlier bills had not taken into account an “overlap” in work done between
members of the same team handling the SMC’s matter. In any event, Woo J did
not deviate far from the Assistant Registrar’s earlier order, allowing Wong P
to claim only a marginally higher sum of $370,000.[note: 10]

Mr Sharma’s complaint to the Law Society

15 As stated earlier, Mr Sharma’s complaint against Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho was
made to the Law Society on 23 January 2014. It was accompanied by the written
opinion of a Queen’s Counsel, Mr Ian Winter QC (“Mr Winter QC”), dated 8
December 2013. Mr Sharma stated that, prior to approaching Mr Winter QC for
his opinion, he had contacted several local Senior Counsel (“SCs”) to act for
him in respect of his complaint.[note: 11] However, these SCs and/or their law
firms declined to act for him. He had therefore “no choice” but to obtain the
advice of a Queen’s Counsel in deciding whether to proceed with his
complaint.[note: 12]

16 In his written opinion, Mr Winter QC concluded that there was “due cause”
to believe that Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho were _prima facie_ guilty of professional
misconduct because of the grossly excessive fees which they had claimed.[note:
13] Interestingly, Mr Winter QC’s opinion also stated, in the context of
setting out the factual background to the complaint, that Mr Sharma was a
third party “co-funder” of the proceedings between his wife and the SMC.[note:
14] I pause here to make the observation that this statement gave the
impression that it was intended to address possible concerns over Mr Sharma’s
ostensible lack of interest or standing to make the complaint because he was
neither a party to the proceedings between his wife and the SMC, nor the party
liable to pay the costs. In other words, the statement appeared to be a tacit
acknowledgement by Mr Sharma – who must have conveyed his involvement as a co-
funder to Mr Winter QC – that he had to establish some form of interest, and
in this case pecuniary, in the conduct complained of so as to make the
complaint.

17 The RC was duly constituted under s 85(6) of the LPA to review the
complaint and its decision was conveyed to Mr Sharma by way of a letter dated
10 April 2014.[note: 15] In this letter, the RC began by noting that Mr
Sharma’s complaint against Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho could be understood as
comprising two independent limbs as follows:[note: 16]

(a) first, that the sums claimed by Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho were exorbitant and
demonstrative of a persistent conduct of gross overcharging as well as
improper and/or fraudulent conduct that was opportunistic, arbitrary,
unconscionable and unjustified (“Limb 1”); and

(b) second, that the sums claimed by Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho were probably in
excess of what was billed to, or could have been billed to the SMC and that
this amounted to misconduct (“Limb 2”).

18 The RC’s letter then went on to disclose its findings. Limb 1 of the
complaint was completely dismissed against both Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho. In this
connection, the RC stated that the mere fact that the bills of costs rendered
had been taxed down significantly did not _per se_ constitute professional
misconduct “in the absence of other impropriety”.[note: 17] Further, the RC
also rejected a specific allegation by Mr Sharma that the effective hourly
rate claimed by Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho was excessive. This was because, in the
RC’s view, the sums claimed in the bills of costs reflected the work of “all
the solicitors involved”.[note: 18] As for Limb 2 of the complaint, it was
only partially dismissed. The RC found that Mr Yeo SC was “not involved with
the preparation of the Bills of Costs and the proceedings related thereto”;
hence this head of complaint against him was “lacking in substance”.[note: 19]
However, in so far as Ms Ho was concerned, the RC referred Limb 2 of the
complaint against her for further inquiry by an Inquiry Committee under s
85(8)(_b_) of the LPA.[note: 20]

Mr Sharma’s application for judicial review

19 After the RC had conveyed its decision, Mr Sharma considered whether to
apply for a quashing order against it.[note: 21] He approached several local
SCs to assist him in this connection but experienced the same outcome as when
he first sought legal assistance in respect of his earlier complaint to the
Law Society – all the SCs who had been approached and/or their law firms
declined to act for him or provide him with a formal opinion. Therefore, Mr
Sharma stated that he was again left with “no choice” but to approach a
Queen’s Counsel who, on this occasion, turned out to be the Applicant.[note:
22]

20 The Applicant rendered Mr Sharma a written opinion dated 19 June
2014.[note: 23] It should be pointed out here that the contents of this
opinion are of some significance because it sets out the Applicant’s views on
the relevant grounds for quashing the RC’s decision and thereby provides an
insight into the _issues_ which he no doubt anticipated would arise if such a
challenge was eventually brought. This certainly had an important bearing on
the present application, which will become clearer below. I further note that,
much like Mr Winter QC’s opinion before, the Applicant also sought to convey
that Mr Sharma had participated financially in his wife’s proceedings _vis-à-
vis_ the SMC by stating that Mr Sharma was “ultimately responsible” for paying
Wong P’s costs.[note: 24] However, this statement is clearly inaccurate in so
far as it suggests that Mr Sharma was in fact the party _liable_ to pay costs
to the SMC. Certainly at no point was Mr Sharma made the subject of the
relevant costs orders. Nevertheless, this statement reinforced the impression
that, in Mr Sharma’s own view, _locus standi_ had to be shown in order to make
a complaint to the Law Society.

21 On 26 June 2014, Mr Sharma proceeded to file Originating Summons No 593 of
2014 (“OS 593/2014”). This was an application for leave to commence judicial
review proceedings against the RC’s decision to wholly dismiss his complaint
against Mr Yeo SC and to partially dismiss his complaint against Ms Ho.
Notably, the statement which accompanied this leave application broadly
recited the same grounds for judicial review which the Applicant had framed in
his earlier opinion.[note: 25] Indeed, this is confirmed by Mr Sharma, who
states in an affidavit filed in this application that “[m]y grounds for
judicial review are in line with Mr Fordham Q.C.’s Analysis”.[note: 26]

The present application for ad hoc admission

22 On the same day, the present application was also filed for the Applicant
to be admitted to practise as an advocate and solicitor on an _ad hoc_ basis.
Such admission was sought for the purpose of representing Mr Sharma (a) at the
hearing of his application for leave to apply for a quashing order (_ie_ , OS
593/2014) and, if such leave is granted, (b) at the substantive hearing for
the quashing order, and (c) at any appeals or other further or related
proceedings thereto.

Mr Sharma’s standing to complain to the Law Society

23 Before embarking on the analysis of whether the Applicant satisfies the
requirements in s 15 of the LPA, I wish to first deal with the rather peculiar
circumstances under which the complaint to the Law Society was made (see [4]
above).

24 The question whether a complainant is required to establish standing when
making a complaint against an advocate and solicitor has hitherto not been
considered in our courts. This is perhaps not entirely remarkable because to
my knowledge, there has never been a complaint filed by a “ _stranger_ ” or
more aptly a “ _non-party_ ” to the underlying proceedings such as Mr Sharma.
In this limited sense, it is unprecedented.

25 The standing of Mr Sharma to seek leave to apply for judicial review
against the decision of the RC is undoubtedly an issue for determination at
the leave application. However, when I examined both Mr Sharma’s complaint to
the Law Society as well as the application before me, my impression was that
Mr Sharma recognises that he has to establish his requisite standing to do so.
His purported standing was that he was the “co-funder” of his wife’s legal
fees in her applications and appeals against the procedural decisions of the
SMC. However, no further information or basis was provided by Mr Sharma to
establish that he was indeed the co-funder. This curious omission should be
examined in the context that Dr Lim is herself a person of very substantial
means and no explanation has been provided as to why she needed co-funding and
that she was in fact co-funded by Mr Sharma. Further, it is also pertinent to
point out that even if Mr Sharma was the co-funder, which is capable of proof,
the costs orders were nonetheless made against Dr Lim. Mr Sharma is therefore
not liable to the SMC to pay the costs irrespective of his private
arrangement, if any, either with his wife or her lawyers. It may be relevant
and necessary to examine the standing issue from this perspective. Otherwise,
it may result in a seemingly anomalous situation where Mr Sharma is able to
lodge a complaint against the lawyers about the fees claimed by the SMC while
the lawyers acting on behalf of the SMC are unable to pursue the costs orders
against Mr Sharma.

26 With these reservations in mind, I invited the parties to attend before me
for directions on the legal issues which I required assistance. At this
hearing, I directed all parties to specifically address me on the _locus
standi_ issue given the unique nature and circumstances of the leave
application and the underlying complaint. I informed the parties that _locus
standi_ is a relevant consideration for the purposes of the _ad hoc_ admission
application only if I am able to come to a definite landing that Mr Sharma
_clearly_ has no standing to proceed with the leave application, _ie_ , that
the leave application is a non-starter. In that limited event, it would serve
no purpose to admit the Applicant to argue the underlying leave application.

27 It may be useful to first set out the various positions adopted by the
parties on the standing issue and how some of their initial positions changed
in the course of the proceedings:

(a) The RC implicitly acknowledged the requirement to demonstrate standing
when it noted in its decision of 10 April 2014 that “whilst you [_ie_ , Mr
Sharma] were neither a client nor a party to the proceedings against Dr Susan
Lim, you were funding the legal expenses and the information furnished by you
were legitimately the subject matter of a complaint”.[note: 27]

(b) Counsel for the Applicant, Mr Abraham Vergis (“Mr Vergis”), initially
intimated to me at the directions hearing that Mr Sharma is indeed required to
demonstrate standing. However, upon further reflection, Mr Vergis adopted a
different position at the hearing for oral submissions. He argued forcefully
that there is no requirement for a complainant to demonstrate standing.

(c) The Attorney-General maintained a consistent position throughout that
standing is necessary and that Mr Sharma does not satisfy the requirement.

(d) The Law Society’s position is somewhat interesting. Initially, it adopted
the position that there is no strict requirement to demonstrate any particular
standing and that _any person_ could lodge a complaint against an advocate and
solicitor. However, in the course of his oral submissions, probably
recognising the potential floodgate of frivolous complaints, counsel for the
Law Society, Mr Christopher Anand Daniel (“Mr Daniel”), sought to hedge his
position on _locus standi_ by proposing a hybrid position. He submitted that
in respect of complaints where there is a victim, only the victim should be
able to file the complaint. In respect of alleged professional misconduct
where there is no direct victim, the complaint against such conduct can be
lodged by _any person_. In this case, Mr Daniel’s tentative submission is that
since there is a “victim”, only that “victim”, _ie_ , Dr Lim, could lodge the
complaint regarding the costs claimed against her.

28 Having heard detailed submissions from all parties on the _locus standi_
issue, I have arrived at the view that it is neither plain nor obvious at this
stage whether Mr Sharma is required to demonstrate his standing and, if so,
whether he has the standing to lodge the complaint or to file the leave
application. Parties, in particular, the Law Society, are still in the process
of settling their respective positions on the standing issue. This is
understandable from the Law Society’s perspective given the wide-reaching
implications on the legal profession. As I am strictly not required to decide
this issue definitively in the context of the _ad hoc_ admission application,
it is preferable and more appropriate for the issue to be fully explored and
determined at the hearing of the leave application. For the immediate purpose
of this application, I am satisfied that the standing issue should _not_ stand
in the way of my consideration of its merits. Nonetheless, I will make some
preliminary observations on the submissions made by the parties.

29 The starting reference should be the statutory regime under the LPA.
Section 85 of the LPA provides, _inter alia_ , as follows:

**Complaints against advocates and solicitors**

**85.** —(1) _Any complaint_ of the conduct of an advocate and solicitor —

(_a_) shall be made to the Society in writing;

(_b_) shall include a statement by the complainant —

(i) as to whether, to his knowledge, any other complaint has been made to the
Society against the advocate and solicitor, by him or by any other person,
which arises from the same facts as his complaint; and

(ii) if so, setting out such particulars of each such complaint as the Council
may require and he is able to provide; and

(_c_) shall be supported by such statutory declaration as the Council may
require, except that no statutory declaration shall be required if the
complaint is made by any public officer or any officer of the Institute.

(1A) Subject to subsection (4A), the Council [_ie_ , the Council of the Law
Society] shall refer every complaint which satisfies the requirements of
subsection (1) to the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel.

(2) _The Council_ may on its own motion refer any information touching upon
the conduct of an advocate and solicitor to the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel.

(3) _Any Judge of the Supreme Court_ , _the Attorney-General_ or _the
Institute_ [_ie_ , the Singapore Institute of Legal Education] may at any time
refer to the Society any information touching upon the conduct of an advocate
and solicitor and the Council shall —

(_a_) refer the matter to the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel …

[emphasis added]

30 What s 85(1) of the LPA makes clear is the _manner_ in which a complaint
should be made to the Law Society – the complaint must be in writing,
accompanied by a statement as to whether there are any other complaints
arising from the same facts against the same lawyer, and supported by a
statutory declaration. What is not entirely clear, however, is _who_ can make
such complaint.

31 The question posed above may be answered in one of two possible ways. On
one view, any member of the public can make a complaint regardless of his
interest in or connection to the conduct of the allegedly errant lawyer. This
appears to be supported by the wording of s 85(1) of the LPA, given its use of
the rather open-ended term “[a]ny complaint” to invite complaints by any
person and that, under s 85(1A), the Council of the Law Society is required to
refer “every complaint” to the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel so long as the
requirements under s 85(1) are satisfied. The second and more circumscribed
view, however, is that only those persons who are able to demonstrate
sufficient interest in making a complaint can properly do so because,
otherwise, the Law Society may become inundated with frivolous complaints by
persons with no interest other than being busybodies. From a policy
standpoint, such a scenario may appear undesirable since it causes the limited
resources of the Law Society to be unduly stretched which, in turn, may delay
the prosecution of more meritorious complaints.

32 Mr Vergis squarely addressed the floodgates concern by inviting the court
to examine the checks and balances inherent in the existing statutory regime
under the LPA. First, he identified the need to file a statutory declaration
to accompany the complaint under s 85(1)(_c_). This requirement was introduced
in 2008 pursuant to the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act 2008 (Act 19 of 2008)
with a view to emphasise the seriousness of complaints against lawyers and
that complainants should take steps to ensure the accuracy of their
complaints. Second, the RC itself functions as a filter. Third, the Inquiry
Committee is empowered under s 85(18) to order the complainant to deposit a
sum not exceeding $1,000. Fourth, the Inquiry Committee can order the
complainant to pay costs under s 85(19)(_a_) if the complaint is found to be
frivolous or vexatious. Finally, a party making a knowingly false complaint
shall be guilty of an offence under s 85(21) and be liable to a fine not
exceeding $5,000. These provisions do provide some measure of restraint
against frivolous complaints. However, given the limited impact of these
measures, they may not effectively operate as a sufficient safeguard against
complaints filed by persons who are either not directly aggrieved by the
alleged professional misconduct of the lawyer or who do not otherwise satisfy
the requisite standing. It may be apposite to bear in mind the remarks of the
Minister for Law that the sufficiency of the existing checks and balances
identified by Mr Vergis “should be considered against the impact of
disciplinary proceedings on the lawyer’s reputation and livelihood” (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (26 August 2008) vol 84 at
cols 3240–3242 (K Shanmugam, Minister for Law)). Though his remarks were made
when introducing the amendment to require the filing of a statutory
declaration to accompany a complaint against a lawyer, they are, in my view,
equally apt for present purposes.

33 Further, I observe that if Mr Vergis is right that any person could file a
complaint under s 85(1), why then is there any need for sub-ss 85(2) and (3),
which empower specific public institutions and office-holders to refer
information touching upon the conduct of an advocate and solicitor to the Law
Society? Such public institutions and office-holders have an inherent interest
in making such referrals when the occasion arises. Seen in this light, it
would appear odd if s 85(1) is then regarded as conferring _carte blanche_ on
any person to make a complaint even though he may have no direct interest in
doing so. In other words, the juxtaposition of s 85(1) with sub-ss (2) and (3)
tends towards the conclusion that it was unlikely that s 85(1) was intended to
be of such an unqualified nature. Mr Vergis explained that sub-ss 85(2) and
(3) speak of “any information” to the Law Society while s 85(1) refers to
“[a]ny complaint”. It is not entirely clear to me whether the difference lies
in form rather than substance since both would oblige the Law Society to look
into them.

34 For the reasons that follow, I am able to decide on the merits of this
application without having to reach a landing on the _locus standi_ issue,
however interesting and challenging it may be. Having said that, as I will
elaborate at [57] and [84] below, it is ultimately a question of statutory
interpretation of the _local_ scheme for the filing and processing of
complaints under the LPA.

The analytical framework for _ad hoc_ admissions

The present statutory framework

35 The present statutory framework for _ad hoc_ admissions is a result of the
recent round of amendments to the LPA by the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act
2012 (Act 3 of 2012) (“the 2012 Amendment”) that took effect from 1 April
2012. This framework comprises ss 15(1), 15(2) and 15(6A) of the LPA, which
are reproduced here for ease of reference:

**Ad hoc admissions**

**15.** —(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the court
may, for the purpose of any one case, admit to practise as an advocate and
solicitor any person who —

(_a_) holds —

(i) Her Majesty’s Patent as Queen’s Counsel; or

(ii) any appointment of equivalent distinction of any jurisdiction;

(_b_) does not ordinarily reside in Singapore or Malaysia, but has come or
intends to come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in the case; and

(_c_) has special qualifications or experience for the purpose of the case.

(2) The court shall not admit a person under this section in any case
involving any area of legal practice prescribed under section 10 for the
purposes of this subsection, unless the court is satisfied that there is a
special reason to do so.

…

(6A) The Chief Justice may, after consulting the Judges of the Supreme Court,
by notification published in the _Gazette_ , specify the matters that the
court may consider when deciding whether to admit a person under this section.

…

36 These provisions in the LPA must be read together with two further pieces
of subsidiary legislation to complete the picture on our current statutory
scheme for _ad hoc_ admissions. The first is the Legal Profession (Admission)
Rules 2011 (S 244/2011) (“the Admission Rules”), which lists out the areas of
legal practice referred to in s 15(2) of the LPA above. As provided in r 32(1)
of the Admission Rules, there are three such “ring-fenced” areas of legal
practice – constitutional and administrative law, criminal law, and family law
– in respect of which a “special reason” must be shown to exist. The second
piece of subsidiary legislation is the Legal Profession (Ad Hoc Admissions)
Notification 2012 (S 132/2012) (“the Notification”), which was issued by Chan
Sek Keong CJ pursuant to s 15(6A) of the LPA. Paragraph 3 of the Notification
sets out the following matters which the court may consider for the purpose of
deciding whether to admit a foreign senior counsel in a particular case – (a)
the nature of the factual and legal issues involved in the case; (b) the
necessity for the services of a foreign senior counsel; (c) the availability
of any local SC or other advocate and solicitor with appropriate experience;
and (d) whether, having regard to the circumstances of the case, it is
reasonable to admit a foreign senior counsel for the purpose of the case.

37 Since the current statutory framework for _ad hoc_ admissions came into
effect, there have been five reported cases which are, in chronological order,
as follows: _Re Andrews Geraldine Mary QC_ [2013] 1 SLR 872 (“ _Re Geraldine
Andrews_ ”), _Re Caplan Jonathan Michael QC_ [2013] 3 SLR 66 (“ _Re Caplan_
”), _Re Lord Goldsmith Peter Henry PC QC_ [2013] 4 SLR 921 (“ _Re Lord
Goldsmith_ ”), _Re Beloff Michael Jacob QC_ [2013] 4 SLR 849 (“ _Re Beloff
(HC)_ ”) and _Re Beloff Michael Jacob QC_ [2014] 3 SLR 424 (“ _Re Beloff (CA)_
”). The first four cases in this quintet were decisions of the High Court
while the fifth was handed down by the Court of Appeal. These cases have been
highlighted right at the outset here because, collectively, they contain much
useful discussion on the applicable principles for _ad hoc_ admissions under
the current statutory framework, thus regular references will be made to them
in the course of this judgment. The most recent decision of _Re Beloff (CA)_ ,
in particular, will be turned to shortly as it has helpfully set out the
appropriate analytical framework for approaching _ad hoc_ admission
applications. Before proceeding to do so, however, I digress briefly to
outline how the current statutory regime for _ad hoc_ admissions in s 15 of
the LPA has evolved from its immediate predecessor, which was contained in s
21 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 1990 Rev Ed) (“the 1990 Act”) and
retained in its successor versions until 1 April 2012 (see _Re Geraldine
Andrews_ at [28]). The purpose of this exercise is to illustrate how the
current statutory framework has fundamentally shifted the analytical focus
from that which prevailed under the 1990 Act and, as a consequence, cases
which were decided under the latter statutory regime should be approached with
a degree of caution in today’s context.

The relevance of earlier cases

38 _Re Geraldine Andrews_ was the first case to be decided under the current
statutory framework and, fittingly, V K Rajah JA took the opportunity (at
[21]–[28]) to chart how the statutory regime for _ad hoc_ admissions in
Singapore had evolved over the last half a century since its inception in 1962
as s 7A of the Advocates and Solicitors Ordinance (Cap 188, 1955 Rev Ed). I do
not intend to repeat the detailed excursus undertaken by Rajah JA here. For
present purposes, it suffices to note that the position before the 2012
Amendment was a result of the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act 1991 (Act 10 of
1991) (“the 1991 Amendment”).

39 Prior to the 1991 Amendment, there was a “fairly relaxed approach which saw
most [_ad hoc_ admission] applications succeeding” (see _Re Beloff (HC)_ at
[14]) because the primary consideration at the time was simply whether the
foreign senior counsel had special qualifications or experience for the
purpose of the case. It was common practice for parties then not to object to
such applications; hence the court was seldom required to exercise its
discretion against admission (see _Re Geraldine Andrews_ at [34], citing _Re
Oliver David Keightley_ _Rideal QC_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 961 at [8]). It is
therefore unsurprising that the statutory regime prior to the 1991 Amendment
did not generate much case law. Indeed, as Rajah JA had noted in _Re Geraldine
Andrews_ at [34], over the span of 20 years from 1970 to 1990, there was only
one reported decision on the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel
which, in any event, was conspicuously brief on its discussion of the
statutory framework existing then.

40 The 1991 Amendment, however, brought about a sweeping change. It caused the
law to be “moved to an extremely restricted approach” (see _Re Beloff (HC)_ at
[14]) and this gradually saw a considerable body of jurisprudence being built
up on the subject. These cases had to interpret s 21 of the 1990 Act which, as
has been mentioned, was the direct precursor to the current statutory
framework in s 15 of the LPA. Section 21 of the 1990 Act read as follows:

**21.** —(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the court
may, for the purpose of any one case _where the court is satisfied that it is
of sufficient difficulty and complexity_ and having regard to the
circumstances of the case, admit to practise as an advocate and solicitor any
person who —

(_a_) holds Her Majesty’s Patent as Queen’s Counsel;

(_b_) does not ordinarily reside in Singapore or Malaysia but who has come or
intends to come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in the case; and

(_c_) has special qualifications or experience for the purpose of the case.

…

[emphasis added]

41 The newly introduced requirement of “sufficient difficulty and complexity”
received close treatment by the courts and, as Rajah JA noted in _Re Geraldine
Andrews_ at [33], it would become “notoriously difficult to satisfy”. This had
important practical implications because, although the courts had formulated a
three-stage test for approaching _ad hoc_ admission applications under s 21 of
the 1990 Act, the “sufficient difficulty and complexity” requirement was not
merely one of several factors which the court weighed in “having regard to the
circumstances of the case”. Instead, it was effectively treated in practice as
a _threshold_ requirement so that, unless the issues raised in the case for
which admission was sought were assessed as being sufficiently difficult or
complex, the application would not be acceded to (see _Re Geraldine Andrews_
at [34]).

42 The above approach, as may readily be observed, is very different from what
is contemplated by our current statutory framework. Under the current
framework, the court is directed to consider the _totality_ of the
circumstances surrounding the application, having particular regard to the
four factors listed in the Notification. While the complexity of the
underlying case will no doubt still have a bearing on the court’s final
determination, it is by no means a decisive factor which trumps all other
considerations. In this connection, I note that the Court of Appeal has
pertinently observed that, in the light of the 2012 Amendment, the suitability
of _ad hoc_ admissions is now to be viewed through the prism of “need” (see
_Re Beloff (CA)_ at [42]). This fundamentally shifts the entire statutory
emphasis away from the “difficulty and complexity” of a case and so, even
though there may be some common elements between the statutory regime under
the 1990 Act and the current LPA, one must exercise caution in drawing on
principles espoused under the former for the purpose of interpreting the
latter. Rajah JA made this point clearly at [64] and [65] of _Re Geraldine
Andrews_ :

… [T]he intent of the 2012 Amendment is to give the courts greater discretion
in dealing with applications for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior
counsel by removing the threshold requirement that the issues in the case must
be of “sufficient difficulty and complexity” and by easing the admission
requirements for appropriate matters. … _It is no longer necessary to show
that the issues in the case are of “sufficient difficulty and complexity”._
Conversely, even if the issues are of sufficient difficulty and complexity, it
will not necessarily follow that the application for the ad hoc admission of
foreign senior counsel will be granted. _The focus has now shifted from the
difficulty and complexity of the issues in the underlying case to all the
matters stated in para 3 of the Notification._ Difficult and complex issues
may well be competently put forward and argued by local counsel who are
available and who have the appropriate expertise.

The above examination of the historical evolution of the _ad hoc_ admission
scheme amply illustrates how the present scheme has **_radically modified_**
the earlier criteria for admission. Of particular relevance is the decision by
Parliament to devolve to the Chief Justice the discretion to set out the
matters to be considered by the courts in deciding each and every application
for _ad hoc_ admission. _The four matters specified in para 3 of the
Notification are now the touchstone for the courts in assessing applications
for ad hoc admission._**_Previous cases on ad hoc admission are now only of
limited relevance._****_The effect of this sea change has not been properly
appreciated by counsel opposing the present application, who appear to be
still unduly wedded to case law based on the previous ad hoc admission
scheme._**

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

43 This underlines the point that, although a wider compass of cases than what
I have identified at [37] above have dealt with _ad hoc_ admissions, these
cases of an earlier vintage may not necessarily point one in the right
direction. The discussions contained in these cases certainly cannot be
divorced from the statutory context prevailing at that time which, it is
clear, has since been radically departed from.

The present analytical framework

44 As mentioned earlier, the Court of Appeal in _Re Beloff (CA)_ has recently
set out the analytical framework for assessing _ad hoc_ admission applications
under s 15 of the LPA. This is neatly summed up at [54] of the judgment:

The architecture of the regime may thus be summarised in terms that _it
requires the court first to apply its mind to certain mandatory requirements_.
These are:

(a) the formal requirements in ss 15(1)(_a_) and 15(1)(_b_);

(b) the requirement that the foreign counsel has special qualifications and
experience for the purpose of the case; and

(c) the threshold inquiry of whether a special reason must be shown and if so,
whether it has been.

We consider these requirements mandatory because if any of these are not met,
the application for admission must fail and the question of discretion does
not arise. _It is only if these matters are all met that the court must then
consider the further matters specified in the Notification_ , and then
exercise its discretion having regard to all the circumstances.

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

45 The passage above makes clear that the court’s starting point is centred on
the mandatory requirements in ss 15(1)(_a_)–(_c_) and 15(2) of the LPA. If any
of these requirements are not satisfied, then it is unnecessary to consider
the Notification factors. If, however, the analysis does reach the
Notification factors, then it should be added that there is no particular
precedence among the four enumerated factors nor do they set out a new rigid
four-stage test (see _Re Geraldine Andrews_ at [45]). Instead, these factors
are in the nature of “signposts” which direct the court towards “the ultimate
question” set out in the fourth Notification factor, namely, whether having
regard to all the circumstances of the case, it is reasonable to admit the
foreign senior counsel (see _Re Beloff (CA)_ at [53]). With this framework in
mind, I turn now to consider the first set of mandatory requirements in s
15(1) of the LPA, in particular, s 15(1)(_c_).

Whether the Applicant has “special qualifications or experience for the
purpose of the case”

46 There was no dispute that the Applicant satisfied the formal mandatory
requirements in ss 15(1)(_a_) and (_b_) of the LPA. He has held letters patent
as Queen’s Counsel since 2006 and is not ordinarily resident in Singapore or
Malaysia but intends to come to Singapore to represent Mr Sharma in OS
593/2014 and further and/or related proceedings should this application be
allowed. An issue was raised, however, as to whether or not the Applicant
satisfied the further mandatory requirement in s 15(1)(_c_). In particular,
the emphasis was on whether he had special qualifications or experience _for
the purpose of the case_.

The parties’ arguments

47 Counsel for the Applicant, Mr Vergis, pointed out that the underlying
matter in respect of which _ad hoc_ admission was sought concerned Mr Sharma’s
judicial review proceedings against the RC’s decision. The very nature of
these proceedings clearly called for the application of administrative law
principles and the Applicant was eminently skilled to do that. His _curriculum
vitae_ showed that he has, _inter alia_ , had 24 years’ experience as a
practitioner with eight of those years as a public law Queen’s Counsel, argued
some 40 public law cases in the UK Supreme Court or House of Lords alone as
well as cases in the Privy Council and the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal,
and also written a leading textbook on judicial review which has been cited
with approval in a local case (see _Yeap Wai Kong v Singapore Exchange
Securities Trading Ltd_ [2012] 3 SLR 565 at [5]).[note: 28]

48 On the other hand, counsel for the Law Society, Mr Daniel, urged this court
to approach the requirement in s 15(1)(_c_) in a more nuanced manner. To be
clear, Mr Daniel did not dispute that the underlying judicial review
proceedings clearly fell within the general rubric of administrative law. His
point, however, was that this ought not to mask the strong _local_ flavour of
the specific issues which appeared likely to arise in those proceedings. In
his submission, a closer examination of the grounds on which the RC’s decision
is sought to be challenged immediately reveals that Mr Sharma intends to place
great reliance on a combination of local professional conduct rules, ethical
principles, and procedural rules to make good his case. Yet, there was nothing
to suggest that the Applicant had the relevant qualifications or experience to
deal with these matters. His list of accolades in the general field of
administrative law therefore rather “misses the point” as submitted by the Law
Society.[note: 29]

49 I mention for completeness that the Attorney-General did not make any
specific submissions in respect of s 15(1)(_c_).

Analysis

50 The cases makes it clear that, when considering s 15(1)(_c_) of the LPA,
the court’s focus is on whether the foreign senior counsel’s qualifications
and/or experience are “ _relevant_ ” to the underlying issues and not on
whether those issues are difficult or complex (see _Re Geraldine Andrews_ at
[39]; _Re Beloff (CA)_ at [56]). In establishing whether such a linkage exists
between the Applicant’s expertise and the underlying issues, one must
necessarily identify those very issues to begin with. I find that the present
case poses little difficulty in this respect. As I alluded to earlier at [20],
the central issues arising in the underlying judicial review proceedings can
readily be gleaned from the Applicant’s written opinion dated 19 June 2014.
This is because the Applicant’s opinion sets out the specific grounds for
challenging the RC’s decision and, in so doing, crystallises the issues for
the court to consider not only at the substantive hearing for the quashing
order, but also at the leave application stage where an arguable case or
_prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion has to be made out (see _Jeyaretnam
Kenneth Andrew v Attorney-General_ [2014] 1 SLR 345 at [5]).

The local-centric nature of the underlying issues

51 According to the Applicant’s opinion, there are three grounds for review
which, in gist, are as follows:[note: 30]

(a) first, that the RC had erred in law by reasoning that objectively,
excessive overcharging cannot constitute professional misconduct _per se_ “in
the absence of other impropriety”;

(b) second, that the RC had erred in law by rationalising the effective hourly
rate claimed by Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho on the basis of “all the solicitors
involved” when there was no certificate to claim costs for more than two
solicitors; and

(c) third, that the RC’s reasons for dismissing Limb 2 of the complaint
against Mr Yeo SC were unsustainable in law – since it was not the function of
the RC to make factual determinations such as Mr Yeo SC’s non-involvement in
the matters complained of – and were also without any reasonable or proper
evidential basis.

52 I agree with Mr Daniel that each of these three grounds raises issues which
are decidedly local in nature. It is clear to me that the person advocating to
quash the RC’s decision based on these grounds will have to draw ineluctably
from a distinctly local well of legal sources and, indeed, the Applicant’s own
opinion confirms that this is precisely what he has done. What is striking
about his opinion is its constant references to local case law and statutory
instruments at each turn which, it should be added, have no apparent
connection with administrative law. I shall elaborate upon this observation by
examining each of the three proposed grounds for review in turn.

53 Beginning with the first ground, the Applicant states in his opinion that
the RC fell into error here because it failed to recognise what he describes
as the “objective-excessiveness principle”.[note: 31] According to the
Applicant, this principle prescribes that objectively excessive overcharging
can constitute professional misconduct without more; hence, it was not correct
for the RC to insist upon proof of some “other impropriety” over and above the
fact that Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho had rendered bills of costs which were
significantly taxed off. However, it is plain that this “objective-
excessiveness principle” on which the Applicant relies does not have its roots
in his particular domain of expertise, _viz_ , administrative law. Instead, it
derives from an amalgamation of local sources of law which touch on the
entirely different subject of professional ethics. That this is so appears
clearly from the Applicant’s own opinion – he identifies r 38 of the Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed) as the
statutory embodiment of this principle and, further, cites the High Court’s
decision in _Susan Lim_ to support his interpretation of this ethical
rule.[note: 32]

54 The second ground for review can be approached in much the same way as the
first. Here, the Applicant states that the RC’s error was in failing to
recognise what he labels as the “impermissible-duplication principle”. It is
argued that, under this principle, costs for getting up and attendance in
court of more than two solicitors cannot be recovered unless the court so
certifies; the RC was therefore wrong to take into account the work of _all_
the solicitors involved in assessing the effective hourly rate billed by Mr
Yeo SC and Ms Ho when no such certification had been obtained by them. Ms Ho
had explained, during the review hearing before Woo J, that the sums claimed
in the original bills were voluntarily reduced to discount an “overlap” of
work done (see [14] above). In other words, the original bills had been put
forward with the inclusion of duplication and therein lay the breach of the
“impermissible-duplication principle”. However, it bears mention that the
“impermissible-duplication principle” does not involve any intrinsic
administrative law theory. Instead, it merely concerned a part of a larger
collection of rules which impinge upon the recovery of costs in general. And,
once again, there is no mistaking its unquestionably local origin. As local
practitioners will no doubt be familiar, the “impermissible-duplication rule”
is none other than O 59 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev
Ed). Indeed, this is what the Applicant has cited in his opinion as well. The
Applicant has also coined a further “client-liability principle” which is, in
essence, the Limb 2 complaint that was partially dismissed (see [18] above).
Consistent with the “objective-excessive principle” and the “impermissible-
duplication principle” before it, this principle has also been derived from a
local statutory source. In the Applicant’s own words, it is “provided for in
section 112(2) of the Legal Profession Act”.[note: 33]

55 Finally, as regards the third ground for review, it appears that the thrust
of the challenge here is that the RC had fundamentally misunderstood its role.
The argument, essentially, is that the RC should not have made a determination
as to Mr Yeo SC’s involvement (or lack thereof) in the matters complained of
when that was not the purpose for which it was designed; it was not a fact-
finding body. From the way in which this third argument proceeds, it is clear
that it is fundamentally premised on a firm understanding of the RC’s role to
begin with. That, in turn, requires an intimate knowledge of the wider schema
for disciplinary proceedings as laid out in our very own LPA. This is because
the RC does not stand in isolation and thus cannot be approached as such. The
RC sits as part of a longer chain of decision-making bodies and so its role
and functions can only be properly appreciated in the light of its
relationship with these related bodies. Furthermore, it goes without saying
that a proper grasp of the local case law interpreting the relevant LPA
provisions in this context will also be required in order to advance the
necessary arguments. Finally, one would also be expected to turn to local
secondary material – such as the Parliamentary debates preceding the creation
of the RC by the enactment of the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act 2001 (Act
35 of 2001) (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (5 October
2001) vol 73 at cols 2195–2213) – in order to gain a better appreciation of
the impetus behind the RC’s introduction into the then existing disciplinary
scheme.

56 As stated earlier, the aforementioned grounds for review will not only have
to be considered at the substantive hearing for the quashing order but also at
the leave stage (_ie_ , OS 593/2014). In this connection, it should be
mentioned that there are two further issues which the court hearing the leave
application will have to take into account.

57 The first is one which I have already sketched in some detail above, _viz_
, Mr Sharma’s _locus standi_ to apply for judicial review against the RC’s
decision. As I have suggested, this appears to raise the rather interesting
issue of who can make a complaint to the Law Society. In resolving this issue,
however, I am again left in no doubt that one’s knowledge of domestic law
necessarily comes to the fore. As I have pointed out at [29] above, the
starting point for this analysis should be s 85 of the LPA. And as Mr Vergis’
own approach to this issue at [32] shows, that is not the only provision which
will have to be scrutinised. It is clear that other provisions in the LPA on
the relevant checks and balances against the possibility of floodgates may
well also be brought into play.

58 The remaining question to be determined at the leave application stage is
whether the RC’s decision is susceptible to judicial review. This issue arises
because the Law Society takes the position that the RC’s decisions are not
reviewable.[note: 34] While Mr Daniel stated in his written submissions that
he did “not wish to delve too deeply” into the substantive arguments on this
subject – since he recognised that the appropriate forum for raising these
arguments would be at the leave application hearing – it is clear from the
broad outline of his arguments that he principally relies on three exclusively
local sources of material.[note: 35] The first is the LPA and the disciplinary
proceedings framework contained therein. Mr Daniel points, for example, to the
fact that the LPA is silent on whether the RC’s decisions can be reviewed and
also to existing provisions such as s 96, which carve out specific avenues for
a dissatisfied complainant to further pursue his complaint. It is argued that
these aspects of the disciplinary framework, among others, do suggest that the
RC’s decisions are not reviewable. Second, Mr Daniel also relies on certain
views expressed by the Minister for Law during the second reading of the Legal
Profession (Amendment) Bill 2008 (Bill 16 of 2008) to show that, in enacting s
91A of the LPA, Parliament intended to limit the judicial review of decisions
made under the LPA more generally. Finally, Mr Daniel also points to several
local authorities which he says supports the non-reviewability of the RC’s
decisions.

59 Let me be clear that I am in no way endorsing the soundness of Mr Daniel’s
arguments. By canvassing his arguments in this context, I have simply sought
to show that the Law Society does not seek to establish the non-reviewability
of the RC’s decision through the quintessentially administrative law inquiry
into either the source or nature of the RC’s powers. There therefore appears
to be no need for Mr Sharma to go down that road in arguing that the RC’s
decisions are reviewable. I do not say that the principles of administrative
law are therefore completely irrelevant. Administrative law principles are
indeed relevant, but it should be recognised that they are relevant only in so
far as they put the matter of reviewability in issue at the leave stage. Once
the court begins to address its mind to this issue, however, administrative
law principles recede into the background. This is because it appears from the
way in which the Law Society seeks to argue its case that the inquiry will
then gravitate towards an analysis of whether Parliament intended to exclude
judicial review of decisions by the RC. Discerning Parliament’s intention in
turn requires one to look inescapably to various sources of material which, as
I again stress, are wholly local in origin. In the event that the court
determines that Parliament did not intend to exclude judicial review, then the
objection should accordingly fall away.

60 With these observations in mind, I return to the question at hand: does the
Applicant have special qualifications or experience _for the purpose of the
case_? Evidently not. While the Applicant is clearly well-versed in the
principles of judicial review, that does not inexorably mean that he is well-
placed to argue all kinds of judicial review proceedings. The potential issues
arising in those proceedings have to be looked at closely and, having done so,
I am in no doubt that it attracts an abundance of local content. I have not,
however, been pointed to any, much less _special_ , qualifications and/or
experience which the Applicant may have in dealing with these domestic sources
of law. Putting it bluntly, it is simply not clear what the Applicant can
bring to the table given the highly _local-centric_ nature of the issues
arising at both the leave application stage and at the substantive hearing for
the quashing order.

The Applicant’s statement

61 Before moving on, I make one final point to underscore the position which I
have reached. This concerns the observation which I made in my introductory
remarks (at [5]) that the Applicant had filed a statement in support of the
present application containing the following paragraph:[note: 36]

**_Notwithstanding_** _that_ **_I_** _do_ **_not_** _satisfy all the
requirements specified in section 15_ of the Legal Practitioners Ordinance
(Cap 161) of the Laws of Singapore, I respectfully ask that I may be admitted
as a barrister of the High Court of the Republic of Singapore to appear on
behalf of Deepak Sharma.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

62 This amply shows that, _by the Applicant’s own candid assessment_ , he did
not meet all the necessary requirements to be admitted under s 15 of the LPA
(which is mistakenly referred to as the Legal Practitioners Ordinance above).
While it is true that the Applicant may not have explicitly identified
subsection (1)(_c_) as the requirement that was unsatisfied, I do not see how
he could possibly have been referring to anything else when this statement was
made. The Applicant clearly had no difficulties satisfying the formal
mandatory requirements in ss 15(1)(_a_) and (_b_). He was obviously referring
to satisfying requirements under s 15 which are personal to him. He could not
possibly be referring to the remaining issues raised by the “special reason”
requirement in s 15(2) and the factors in the Notification since these are
matters which are not for the Applicant to satisfy and were in fact dealt with
in a separate affidavit affirmed by Mr Sharma in support of the same
application. I am further fortified in my view that the Applicant must have
had s 15(1)(_c_) in his contemplation because a procedural practice has
developed whereby the foreign senior counsel seeking _ad hoc_ admission will
typically make an affidavit affirming those matters within his personal
knowledge, and this will particularly involve him having to state whether he
can expertly discharge his duties in the case at hand. The following
observation by Rajah JA in _Re Caplan_ at [22] appears to be the genesis for
this practice:

In _ad hoc_ admission applications, solicitors should confine the contents of
the affidavits that they affirm to: (a) the names of the parties and brief
particulars of the case in which the foreign senior counsel concerned intends
to appear (see s 15(3) of the current LPA); (b) a summary of the material
facts; (c) specific reference to the legal and factual issues involved in the
underlying case that are said to justify the admission of a foreign senior
counsel … ; and (d) facts that are within their personal knowledge. _When it
comes to facts not within a solicitor’s personal knowledge, the appropriate
person to affirm the affidavit would be the person who has personal knowledge
of those facts. Thus, when it comes to, for example, the efforts made by a
client in seeking an appropriate local counsel before he engaged a solicitor
to make an ad hoc admission application, it should be the client, and not the
solicitor, who affirms those efforts in an affidavit, since the solicitor
would have no personal knowledge of what transpired before he came on board.
In a similar vein_ ,**_when it comes to the applicant’s “special
qualifications or experience for the purpose of the case” pursuant to s
15(1)(c) of the current LPA, it is preferably the applicant, and not the
solicitor or the client, who affirms this in an affidavit. In particular, for
the purposes of an ad hoc admission application, the foreign senior counsel in
question should also expressly confirm in his affidavit that he has considered
the application and all the relevant material in relation to the underlying
proceedings, and that he is able to expertly discharge his duties._**

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

63 Accordingly, I have no doubt that the Applicant must have been addressing
his mind to the specific requirement in s 15(1)(_c_) when his statement was
made. The contents of his statement could only have related to matters within
his own personal knowledge and that quite clearly does not extend beyond the
requirements in ss 15(1)(_a_)–(_c_). When this is coupled with my earlier
observation that the Applicant had no difficulties satisfying the formal
mandatory requirements in sub-ss (1)(_a)_ and (1)(_b_), one can fairly surmise
that the Applicant must have specifically identified and concluded that sub-s
(1)(_c_) was a hurdle to his application. This, however, leaves the
possibility that the Applicant may have simply made a careless _mistake_ in
stating that he did not fulfil all the requirements in s 15 when he actually
meant to say that he did. I am not convinced of this. This is because the
presence of the word “notwithstanding” at the beginning of his statement (see
[61] above) could not have been a typographical error which was inserted
unthinkingly. The Applicant was clearly acknowledging through his statement
that he did not satisfy all the requirements in s 15 of the LPA but was
_nevertheless_ hoping to obtain special dispensation from the court to be so
admitted. The Applicant has not, in any event, suggested that the first
statement was mistakenly made. All things considered, then, it appears safe to
say that my conclusion in respect of 15(1)(_c_) is well aligned with that of
the Applicant himself. The Applicant’s assessment that he did not satisfy
_all_ the requirements under s 15 of the LPA is, after all, in line with his
own opinion that the three grounds of review are all local-centric in nature.

64 I mention, for completeness, that the Applicant did file a second statement
with amendments to his first. The relevant portion is extracted here as
follows:[note: 37]

~~Notwithstanding that~~ I do ~~not~~ satisfy all the requirements specified
in section 15 of the Legal ~~Practitioners Ordinance~~ _Profession Act_ (Cap
161) of the Laws of Singapore, I respectfully ask that I may be admitted as
_an advocate and solicitor_~~barrister~~ of the ~~High~~ _Supreme_ Court of
the Republic of Singapore to appear on behalf of Deepak Sharma.

[strikethrough and underline in original]

65 It is clear that the overall effect of these amendments, significantly, was
to convey the exact opposite of what the Applicant’s first statement stated.
It appears that, now, the Applicant _did_ satisfy all the requirements under s
15 of the LPA. However, this second statement was not without its problems. As
has already been mentioned, this second statement was filed without leave of
court just two days before the hearing. The filing of the second statement was
also not brought to the court’s attention by Mr Vergis during the hearing.
This procedural irregularity (the filing of the second statement without
leave) was instead raised by Mr Daniel during his oral submissions. There was,
in any event, no explanation provided whatsoever for the obvious change in
position or why the Applicant had earlier stated that the requirements under s
15 were not met. These aspects of the second statement were clearly
unsatisfactory and thus I was not minded to take it into account.

Whether there is a “special reason”

66 Having found that the Applicant does not satisfy the _mandatory_
requirement in s 15(1)(_c_) of the LPA, there is strictly no need to continue
with the analysis. Nevertheless, I shall proceed to do so in the event that I
am mistaken. In this part of the judgment, I consider whether there is a
“special reason” to admit the Applicant pursuant to s 15(2) of the LPA read
with r 32(1) of the Admission Rules. This issue arises because there is no
dispute that the Applicant is seeking to be admitted for a case falling within
one of the three statutorily ring-fenced areas of legal practice, _viz_ ,
administrative law.

The applicable principles

67 Before setting out the parties’ respective arguments, it is useful to begin
with several propositions concerning the “special reason” requirement which
have emerged from the recent decisions.

68 First, it is clear that the term “special reason” is one that is incapable
of precise definition. In fact, it is neither necessary nor desirable to
attempt to define it. This point was well made by Rajah JA in _Re Lord
Goldsmith_ at [48]:

… It would be something of a contradiction in terms to attempt to identify a
prototypical “special reason”. If it is something which one can reach for and
define, it is also unlikely to be so out of the ordinary that it becomes a
“special reason”. Any attempt to define “special reason” would require an
exercise of the imagination to reach beyond issues or situations that one
normally encounters. That is not generally the practice of common law courts,
which are better equipped to develop the law incrementally and by reference to
the specific facts and circumstances of each case.

69 The focus is therefore on the particular circumstances of each case and
this leads to the second point about the “special reason” requirement – those
circumstances must be _exceptional_ in nature (see _Re Caplan_ at [54]; _Re
Lord Goldsmith_ at [48]). In this regard, Rajah JA has further clarified that
there is no sound policy reason to confine what can constitute exceptional
circumstances only to those cases which raise “macro” considerations (_ie_ ,
considerations which transcended the specifics of any individual case) (see
_Re Caplan_ at [54]). While that is likely to be the norm in practice, a case
could well manifest exceptionality even though only the private interests of
an individual, or issues pertaining solely to him, are involved (see _Re
Caplan_ at [54]; _Re Lord Goldsmith_ at [46]).

70 The two propositions mentioned thus far have been concerned with the
“special reason” requirement standing on its own. The third, however, has to
do with its place within the broader analytical framework for _ad hoc_
admissions. It is noted that there was, at one point, a preference for an
approach known as the “twin key” approach which regarded the “special reason”
requirement as one of two keys (see _Re Caplan_ at [48]; _Re Lord Goldsmith_
at [40]). The other key represented the composite list of factors in para 3 of
the Notification and both had to be turned successfully in order to unlock the
door to _ad hoc_ admission. Importantly, the “twin key” approach did not
prescribe a sequence for turning the keys. However, it should be clear from
the analytical framework set out at [44] above that the Court of Appeal in _Re
Beloff (CA)_ has since taken a slightly different view. In this regard, the
Court of Appeal has unambiguously stated (at [50]) that the “special reason”
requirement is in the nature of a mandatory _threshold_ requirement that “must
be met _before_ turning to the other considerations” [emphasis added].
Nevertheless, it should be stressed that the fact that the “special reason”
requirement and the Notification factors now clearly occupy distinct stages of
the overall inquiry does not mean that they are _entirely_ separate and
distinct from one another – they are still _linked_. The court must,
accordingly, “have regard to the individual considerations in the context of
how they relate to or affect one another” (see _Re Beloff (CA)_ at [55]).
Putting it in another way, one must avoid viewing the “special reason”
requirement and the Notification factors in their individual silos. Such an
approach necessarily overlooks their possible interactions with one another
and thus might lead to an impoverished analysis.

The parties’ arguments

71 The main thrust of Mr Vergis’ case was that Mr Sharma had taken
conscientious steps to contact no less than 20 local SCs to assist him in
either his complaint to the Law Society or his judicial review
application.[note: 38] However, all of these SCs who were approached declined
to render Mr Sharma an opinion, much less represent him for various reasons
including possible conflict of interest. In Mr Vergis’ submission, the
practical realities of this case could not be ignored as an important factor
which contributed to the lukewarm responses received by Mr Sharma. Mr Yeo SC,
it was stressed, is not only a prominent member of the legal fraternity but
also of the wider public community. He is a Member of Parliament, a very
senior local SC, and a leading figure in one of the largest law firms in
Singapore (_ie_ , Wong P); hence, he and his firm would have close
professional and personal relationships with many of the leading lawyers and
law practices in Singapore.[note: 39] Mr Vergis also added that it was
necessary for Mr Sharma to have skilled representation by a local SC (or
foreign equivalent) in this case because the three grounds on which judicial
review were sought raised “serious matters”, although this was not elaborated
upon in his written submissions.[note: 40] Further, he emphasised that this
was the first time that a decision of the RC was being subjected to judicial
review, thus the question of whether the RC’s decisions were even reviewable
was a novel one.

72 Both the Attorney-General and the Law Society proceeded on broadly the same
footing that representation by a local SC or a foreign senior counsel was _not
necessary_. In response to Mr Vergis’ argument on the reviewability of the
RC’s decision, the Law Society’s position was that this did not raise a novel
point of law because, for the same reasons as enumerated at [58] above, the
legislature has already evinced an intention to exclude the RC’s decisions
from judicial review.[note: 41] The Attorney-General’s submission on this
point was that the novelty of an issue in itself does not translate into the
_need_ for representation by only a select pool of local SCs or foreign senior
counsel.[note: 42] The complexity and difficulty of the issues involved also
had to be weighed in the balance. In this respect, both the Attorney-General
and the Law Society submitted that there was nothing to suggest that the
issues raised by the judicial review proceedings were so complex or difficult
that _other_ local counsel (_ie_ , non-SCs) would not be able to effectively
represent Mr Sharma. Therefore, Mr Sharma could not cite the lack of
availability of local SCs as a “special reason” for _ad hoc_ admission when
there was no basis for him to have restricted his search to _only_ local SCs
to begin with. There was a wider pool of competent local counsel from whom he
could have sought assistance but, as it turned out, omitted to consider
entirely. Moreover, there was also no explanation why Mr Vergis himself could
not adequately represent Mr Sharma in his judicial review application given
the competence which he displayed in the conduct of this application.

Analysis

Two preliminary observations

73 I make two preliminary points regarding the parties’ submissions.

74 First, it may readily be noticed that Mr Vergis’ submission essentially
populates the “special reason” requirement with several of the Notification
factors. The lack of availability of local counsel, nature of the underlying
issues, and necessity for representation by foreign senior counsel are all
factors which have been specifically enumerated in para 3 of the Notification
(see [36] above). However, in the light of the Court of Appeal’s observation
in _Re Beloff (CA)_ that the inquiry into “special reason” is sequentially
prior to and distinct from a consideration of the Notification factors, one
might pause to query whether merging the analysis in this way is permissible.
In my view, there is nothing objectionable _per se_ with such an approach. As
has already been pointed out, the Court of Appeal has impressed the importance
of recognising that the different parts of the _ad hoc_ admission framework
are necessarily linked and not standalone requirements. Therefore, one can
ordinarily expect “some degree of overlap” between the Notification factors
and the “special reason” requirement (see _Re Caplan_ at [49]). Indeed, I add
that it would be unsound to insist on a “special reason” which is invariably
different from the factors found in the Notification because that is akin to
defining the “special reason” _by exclusion_.

75 Second, it is also apparent that the crux of the parties’ dispute concerns
the relevant pool of local counsel which Mr Sharma could reasonably have been
expected to approach. Should he have approached only local _SCs_ or was this
too exclusive a pool? The answer to this question cannot be answered in a
vacuum. This is because the pool of competent local counsel necessarily turns
on a prior evaluation of the nature of the issues. The more the issues are
complex or difficult, or novel, or of significant precedential value, “the
smaller might be the pool of local advocates able and available to deal with
the case at hand and the greater might be the need for the admission of
foreign counsel” (see _Re Beloff (CA)_ at [61]). With this in mind, I shall
first consider Mr Vergis’ submission on the nature of the issues raised in the
underlying proceedings.

The nature of the issues

76 As earlier noted in the context of discussing s 15(1)(_c_) of the LPA, the
central issues potentially arising in the underlying judicial review
proceedings are entwined with the three grounds on which the RC’s decision is
sought to be quashed (see [51] above). Quite apart from the fact that these
issues are local-centric in nature, I also find that there is nothing
particularly difficult or complex about them. However, before proceeding to
illustrate how I came to this view, I pause to emphasise that I should not be
mistaken as attributing determinative weight to or even prioritising the
relative complexity or difficulty of a case in every application for _ad hoc_
admission. Such an approach harkens back to the position prior to the 2012
Amendment and that would be most unfortunate given how the jurisprudence has
since then wisely recognised the new emphasis under the current framework (see
[42]–[43] above) and, consequently, developed along its own path. I stress
that the complexity and difficulty of the underlying issues have _only_ been
accorded the attention which it has here because it is Mr Sharma’s case that a
“special reason” exists on account of the lack of availability of local
counsel to assist him in his judicial review application and that, as I have
said in the preceding paragraph, is an inquiry that is inextricably dependent
on the nature of the issues. Put simply, the “special reason” cited in support
for this application has the effect of driving the analysis unavoidably
towards an examination of the nature of the issues. The following observations
which I make on the complexity and difficulty of the issues must therefore be
understood with this important caveat in mind.

77 The first of the proposed grounds for review rests solely on the
proposition that objectively gross overcharging can constitute professional
misconduct in and of itself. However, I do not see how it will require any
intricate or sophisticated submissions to establish this. During the hearing,
I quizzed Mr Vergis on the legal foundation for this proposition and he was
able to immediately direct me to the decision in _Susan Lim_ where the court
had stated, in the context of considering a lawyer’s ethical duties at [51],
that “the presence of … additional factors is unnecessary, and … overcharging
can – in and of itself – constitute professional misconduct”. To be clear, I
am not saying that the RC’s decision should be quashed in the light of this
authority. The point which I am merely making is that the legal proposition
sought to be established does not appear to be a particularly controversial
one which, for example, has to be extracted from a long line of (perhaps
conflicting) authorities. Further, Mr Vergis has demonstrated that he is well-
acquainted with this proposition and more than capable of advancing it in the
judicial review proceedings.

78 The second ground for review also raises the rather straightforward issue
of whether the RC was correct to take into account the work of all the
solicitors involved when no certificate for more than two solicitors had been
obtained by Wong P. It should be stressed that there are no factual disputes
here. It is clear from the face of each of the three bills which were rendered
that, indeed, no certificate for more than two solicitors had been issued. The
only issue raised by this ground is one of law – was the RC correct to take
into account the work of _all_ the solicitors involved notwithstanding the
procedural rule in O 59 r 19? Again, I fail to see how the resolution of this
issue can attract much difficulty. It ostensibly turns on the application of a
particular provision of the Rules of Court, and that is precisely the kind of
question which arises in our courts every day.

79 The third ground engages the legal issue of whether the RC had
fundamentally misunderstood its own role in finding that Mr Yeo SC was not
involved in the matters complained of. As I had stated earlier at [55], the
arguments made pursuant to this ground will necessarily revolve around the
relevant provisions in the LPA which set out the entire scheme for
disciplinary proceedings against lawyers. This will primarily involve an
exercise in statutory interpretation to ascertain the true role of the RC and,
once more, I am not convinced that it will either be complex or difficult to
undertake.

80 Viewed in this way, it is not apparent how the three grounds for review
would raise any “serious matters” as stated in Mr Vergis’ written submissions.
However, I note that, during the hearing, Mr Vergis did submit that an
important _threshold_ legal issue was raised by the three grounds
collectively. The context in which this submission was made is important. It
bears mention that this was not a point raised in either Mr Vergis’ written
submissions or in the Applicant’s opinion. Instead, it arose out of a
preliminary observation made in the Attorney-General’s written submissions to
the effect that Mr Sharma’s application for judicial review was, for all
intents and purposes, an _appeal_ against the RC’s decision.[note: 43] In this
regard, the Attorney-General had pointed out that none of the three grounds
raised by Mr Sharma were based on the traditionally recognised grounds for
seeking judicial review, _viz_ , irrationality, illegality, or procedural
impropriety. Rather, the three grounds were all premised on alleged _errors of
law_ committed by the RC and these were properly the grounds for an appeal.
The Attorney-General therefore concluded that the judicial review application
was “fundamentally misconceived” and “doomed to fail”.[note: 44] It was in
response to this threshold argument that Mr Vergis then cited the House of
Lords’ decision in _Anisminic Ltd v Foreign Compensation Commission and
another_ [1969] 2 AC 147 (“ _Anisminic_ ”) at the hearing. According to Mr
Vergis, _Anisminic_ stood for the proposition that a tribunal’s errors or
misdirection of law _can_ indeed form the basis for judicial review; hence,
the threshold question of whether or not errors of law were even reviewable in
Singapore was not as straightforward as the Attorney-General had suggested.

81 The account which has just been provided illustrates how the threshold
question arose rather organically during the course of the hearing. It was
certainly not advanced as the main trunk of or even an incidental branch to Mr
Vergis’ submissions on the nature of the issues which would potentially arise
in the judicial review proceedings. Indeed, it was not even identified by Mr
Vergis or the Applicant as an issue to begin with. Given this background
context, it was unsurprising that, apart from citing the decision in
_Anisminic_ , Mr Vergis did not really develop his argument much further on
how the threshold issue was one that was _complex or difficult_. All he could
say in this connection was that the fact that the Attorney-General took a
diametrically opposed position on such a fundamental point of administrative
law lent weight to his view that this was a difficult issue with potentially
wide-reaching implications. However, I do not think that such a general
assertion takes Mr Vergis very far. The fact that parties may adopt clashing
views on certain issues is merely a product of our adversarial process and it
does not inevitably lead to the conclusion that those disputed issues are
difficult or complex. Furthermore, I should point out that, in any event, Mr
Daniel was able to direct me to several local authorities during the course of
his oral submissions which appear to have considered _Anisminic_. In the light
of this, it is difficult to see why local counsel will not be able to make
submissions on the threshold issue competently.

82 Finally, I address the two remaining issues which will arise at the leave
stage, _viz_ , the _locus standi_ of Mr Sharma to commence judicial review
proceedings and the reviewability of the RC’s decision. Both these issues are,
in a sense, novel. The question of whether a complainant to the Law Society is
required to establish _locus standi_ has not been considered before and this
is also the first time that judicial review has been sought against an RC’s
decision. Mr Vergis therefore says that the resolution of these issues will be
of some moment and so the court which has to decide on these important matters
would certainly benefit from the expert presentation by skilled counsel.

83 I am not persuaded by Mr Vergis’ argument. While the novelty of the
underlying issues is no doubt a relevant factor to consider, it is simply a
part of the court’s overall assessment of the nature of the issues involved.
This is illustrated by the approach taken in _Re Lord Goldsmith_. There, Rajah
JA also recognised at [64] that the issue in respect of which the applicant
sought _ad hoc_ admission was a novel one – it was the first time that the
constitutionality of s 377A of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) was being
challenged in the Court of Appeal. In fact, Rajah JA further noted that there
was “an additional element of novelty” because that was one of the few
occasions where the court was being invited to examine the legitimacy of
Parliament’s objective in enacting s 377A. However, the application to admit
Lord Peter Goldsmith QC was dismissed because, ultimately, the issues were not
“of such a peculiarly complex nature that they present[ed] a case which [was]
out of the ordinary from a legal perspective” (at [64]).

84 In my view, there is also nothing “peculiarly complex” or “out of the
ordinary” about either the _locus standi_ issue or the reviewability issue
here. This is because the resolution of both issues involves no more than the
proper interpretation to be placed on the relevant provisions in the LPA
pertaining, in particular, to the complaints regime in s 85 and the
disciplinary proceedings regime in Part VII. In other words, stripped down to
its core, the two issues are essentially issues of statutory interpretation of
the relevant _local_ legislation. They might not admit of an easy answer
because of the varying possible interpretations that the respective statutory
regimes can bear; however, that is not to say that counsel will necessarily
find it difficult or complex to formulate and advance their respective
interpretations in this connection. I would also add that, in terms of
novelty, complexity and difficulty, one can easily appreciate at a glance that
the issues arising in the underlying judicial review proceedings here
certainly pale in comparison to those which were being considered in _Re Lord
Goldsmith_. I am not saying that the present issues are trifling in nature
but, as a matter of relativity, there is plainly no doubt that a decision on
whether or not s 377A of the Penal Code is constitutional has far wider
societal and legal implications for Singapore than what concerns us here. Seen
from this perspective, it would be odd if the present application for _ad hoc_
admission nevertheless succeeded merely because of the novelty of the
underlying issues when the application in _Re Lord Goldsmith_ did not.

85 There is one final point which, in my view, cannot be ignored in the
context of considering whether it is _necessary_ to admit foreign senior
counsel on account of the nature of the issues. This point also emerges from
_Re Lord Goldsmith_. There, Rajah JA had perceptively noted that the applicant
was seeking _ad hoc_ admission to argue an _appeal_ in the Court of Appeal. In
the learned judge’s assessment, appellate advocacy in Singapore had become
more “ _writing-centred_ ” than in many other common law court systems (at
[29]) and he explained the impact which this had on the necessity for _ad hoc_
admission as follows (at [37]):

The writing process therefore serves both a creative function in generating
and marshalling ideas, and a critical function that allows counsel to identify
ambiguities and inconsistencies in their own cases as well as those in the
opposing side. **_There is nothing to prevent the participation of foreign
senior counsel in the preparation of the written submissions, the writing of
further submissions (if any), and the preparation of the oral case (in
anticipating and preparing for questions)._** Because of the wider scope for
the involvement of the expertise of a foreign senior counsel in appeal cases,
there may thus be _less necessity_ in appeals, notwithstanding the importance
of the issues engaged, to have foreign senior counsel admitted to _orally_
present the Case. **_It is strong written advocacy that usually has
determinative consequences._** …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

86 In my judgment, Rajah JA’s observations are highly instructive for the
present case. Although the Applicant here does not seek admission to argue an
appeal, the underlying judicial review proceedings are nevertheless akin to
one since they are devoid of any disputes of fact and are centred entirely on
issues of law. Unlike a trial, there will be no cross-examination of
witnesses, no forensic examination of bundles of documentary evidence, and
certainly no necessity to make “irreversible strategic decisions in the
context of a dynamic process” (see [_Re Lord Goldsmith_ at [25]). In these
circumstances, it is difficult to see why there is a need for Mr Sharma to be
represented by foreign senior counsel. The Applicant can provide substantial
input in crafting and drafting the written submissions and these arguments can
then be ventilated orally in court by competent local counsel. Mr Sharma may
well _prefer_ to have the Applicant argue his case as well, but that is quite
beside the point. As the Court of Appeal stated in _Re Beloff (CA)_ at [62]:
“‘Necessity’, or ‘need’, contemplates a somewhat high threshold, higher at any
rate than a matter of ‘desirability’ or ‘preference’.”

The relevant pool of local counsel

87 Having established that Mr Sharma’s judicial review application does not
attract complex or difficult issues, it follows that the relevant pool of
local counsel which he should have approached is substantially enlarged. I
therefore agree with the Attorney-General and the Law Society’s submissions
that Mr Sharma should not have confined his search for legal assistance to
only the handful of local SCs. I note, however, that Mr Vergis sought to
address this point during the hearing by emphasising that, in some instances,
it was not just individual SCs who had _personally_ declined to represent Mr
Sharma but that _whole_ _firms_ were doing so. The result of this was that
many local non-SCs in these firms who might have been approached were taken
out of the picture in one fell swoop. Accordingly, Mr Vergis stressed that it
was not for want of trying that Mr Sharma could not engage competent local
counsel, but the circumstances which were unfolding at the time simply limited
the avenues to which he could turn.

88 In my view, Mr Vergis’ argument benefitted from how the circumstances
eventually played out rather than being a true reflection of Mr Sharma’s state
of mind at the time. Mr Sharma had filed an affidavit with the court’s leave
setting out chronologically the lawyers whom he had directly or indirectly
approached to represent him and it is abundantly clear from this affidavit
that his search was limited only to local SCs (with Mr Edwin Tong as the
possible exception).[note: 45] There was a conspicuous absence in his account
of events of a single approach made to a local non-SC. Mr Sharma did not
actually ask any non-SC in the law firms whom he had approached to act. They
became unavailable because those _law firms_ decided not to accept the brief.
In my judgment, this disclosed the mindset of a man for whom only the very
best counsel would do. In the context of local counsel, that is eminently his
prerogative. However, different considerations come into play for foreign
senior counsel. He certainly does not appear to have contemplated at all that
it was still open for him to approach non-SCs in firms other than those which
had already turned him down. The point being made here is not that a litigant
must exhaust _all_ available local options before resorting to foreign senior
counsel but that there cannot be a natural gravitation towards local SCs
_only_. The Court of Appeal in _Re Beloff (CA)_ recognised this point as much
when it made the following observation at [63] that “it has to be said that
while the title of SC is a mark of professional distinction, one does not have
to be an SC to be a very able litigator”.

89 In these circumstances, I find that the “special reason” requirement in s
15(2) of the LPA could not be satisfied on the basis that there was a lack of
availability of local counsel. The situation is quite to the contrary in fact
because Mr Sharma appears to have already retained a very competent local
counsel in Mr Vergis. Whether or not Mr Sharma wishes for Mr Vergis to
continue representing him in the judicial review proceedings in the light of
this decision is, of course, a matter entirely up to him to decide. However,
for my part, I should say that I was impressed by the quality of Mr Vergis’
advocacy and he is certainly more than capable of advancing his client’s
position in the judicial review application.

Conclusion

90 The Applicant therefore fails to satisfy two _mandatory_ requirements in ss
15(1)(_c_) and 15(2) of the LPA, though failure to satisfy _either_ of the two
would have been fatal to the application. Accordingly, the application is
dismissed.

91 I should mention, for completeness, that although I have not, in this
judgment, specifically dealt with the four Notification factors, the first
three of these factors have already been considered in the context of
discussing the “special reason” cited by Mr Sharma (see [74] above). For the
same reasons stated at [76]–[89] above, I am of the view that the three
factors do not weigh in favour of admitting the Applicant and, accordingly, I
would have answered the “ultimate question” as set out in the fourth
Notification in the negative, _ie_ , it is _not_ reasonable, having regard to
all the circumstances of the case, to admit the Applicant.

Costs

92 In addition to the prescribed fees payable to the Law Society under s 15(5)
of the LPA, the Law Society is also seeking costs as respondent to this
application. As the application has been dismissed for failure to satisfy the
two mandatory requirements under ss 15(1)(_c_) and 15(2) of the LPA, there
should normally be costs consequence. However since the costs incurred by the
Law Society as respondent would have been incurred in any event for which the
prescribed fees have already been paid, I make no further order as to costs
for this application.

* * *

[note: 1]Letter from Mr Sharma to the Law Society of Singapore dated 23
January 2014 (“Complaint Letter”), exhibited in Mr Sharma’s 1st Affidavit
dated 26 June 2014 (“Mr Sharma’s 1st Affidavit”).

[note: 2]Complaint Letter at p 3.

[note: 3]Complaint Letter at p 2.

[note: 4]Complaint Letter at p 2.

[note: 5]Complaint Letter at p 3.

[note: 6]Complaint Letter at p 3.

[note: 7]Complaint Letter at p 3.

[note: 8]Complaint Letter at p 3.

[note: 9]Complaint Letter at p 6.

[note: 10]Complaint Letter at p 7.

[note: 11]Mr Sharma’s 2nd Affidavit dated 22 September 2014 (“Mr Sharma’s 2nd
Affidavit”) at para 4, serial nos 1–11.

[note: 12]Mr Sharma’s 1st Affidavit at para 13.

[note: 13]Opinion of Mr Ian Winter QC dated 8 December 2013 (“Winter QC’s
Opinion”), exhibited in Mr Sharma’s 1st Affidavit.

[note: 14]Winter QC’s Opinion at para 2.

[note: 15]Letter by the Review Committee to Mr Sharma dated 10 April 2014
(“RC’s Letter”), exhibited in Mr Sharma’s 1st Affidavit.

[note: 16]RC’s Letter at para 4.

[note: 17]RC’s Letter at para 14(a)(iii).

[note: 18]RC’s Letter at para 14(a)(iii).

[note: 19]RC’s Letter at para 14(b)(i).

[note: 20]RC’s Letter at para 15.

[note: 21]Mr Sharma’s 1st Affidavit at para 11.

[note: 22]Mr Sharma’s 1st Affidavit at para 13.

[note: 23]Analysis prepared by the Applicant for Mr Sharma dated 19 June 2014
(“Applicant’s Analysis”), exhibited in Mr Sharma’s 1st Affidavit.

[note: 24]Applicant’s Analysis at para 3.

[note: 25]Statement in OS 593/2014 dated 25 June 2014 at paras 17–19,
exhibited in Mr Sharma’s 1st Affidavit.

[note: 26]Mr Sharma’s 1st Affidavit at para 13.

[note: 27]RC’s Letter at para 7.

[note: 28]Applicant’s Written Submissions dated 15 September 2014
(“Applicant’s Written Submissions”) at para 11(6).

[note: 29]Law Society’s Written Submissions dated 15 September 2014 (“Law
Society’s Written Submissions”) at paras 47–48.

[note: 30]Applicant’s Analysis at paras 19–22.

[note: 31]Applicant’s Analysis at para 19.

[note: 32]Applicant’s Analysis at para 14.

[note: 33]Applicant’s Analysis at para 11.

[note: 34]Law Society’s Written Submissions at para 85.

[note: 35]Law Society’s Written Submissions at para 86.

[note: 36]Mr Michael Fordham QC’s 1st Affirmation dated 24 June 2014 at para
8.

[note: 37]Mr Michael Fordham QC’s 2nd Affirmation dated 23 September 2014 at
para 4.

[note: 38]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 12(11).

[note: 39]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 12(12).

[note: 40]Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 15(5).

[note: 41]Law Society’s Written Submissions at paras 85–86.

[note: 42]Attorney-General’s Written Submissions dated 15 September 2014
(“Attorney-General’s Written Submissions”) at para 50.

[note: 43]Attorney-General’s Written Submissions at paras 14–15.

[note: 44]Attorney-General’s Written Submissions at para 16.

[note: 45]Mr Sharma’s 2nd Affidavit at para 4, serial nos 20–21.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Nov 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

