Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd _v_ Attorney-General  
[2014] SGHC 176

Case Number| :| Suit No 4 of 2014 (Registrar's Appeal No 109 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 September 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The plaintiff in person; Zheng Shaokai and Koo Zhi Xuan
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd — Attorney-General  
  
5 September 2014|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This action was the second of two actions brought by Ho Soo Fong (“HSF”) –
either in his own name or in the name of Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd (“HPK”)
– against the defendant, the Government of the Republic of Singapore (“the
Government”), to recover damages for certain judicial acts and orders made. In
Suit No [X] (“the First Action”), HSF’s action was to recover damages for
judicial acts or orders made in relation to ancillary matters concerning the
dissolution of the marriage between HSF and his former spouse. In the present
action, HSF commenced proceedings on behalf of HPK, of which HSF was the
Managing Director.

2 The appeal in the present action was made by HPK against the decision of a
Senior Assistant Registrar (“the SAR”), who allowed an application by way of
Summons No 445 of 2014 for the Statement of Claim (“the SOC”) and the action
against the Government to be struck out and dismissed respectively. After
hearing arguments, I dismissed the appeal. I was in agreement with the SAR
that the claim against the Government did not contain a reasonable cause of
action. HPK has since filed an appeal against my decision. I now state the
reasons for my decision.

HPK’s claim

3 In the present action brought by HPK, damages in the sum of $4,797,631.27,
interest, and costs[note: 1] were claimed for a number of orders made by
judges and judicial officers. These orders were made pursuant to court
proceedings commenced as a result of construction disputes between HPK and
Revitech Pte Ltd (“Revitech”). HPK was the main contractor employed by
Revitech to construct a block of apartments with basement car park and a
swimming pool at No 89 Kovan Road, Singapore.[note: 2] It was HPK’s case that
the decisions on the disputes in Suit No 36 of 2006 and Civil Appeal No 74 of
2010 were “bias[ed]” and “unfair”.[note: 3]

4 For background information, the following judicial acts and orders formed
the subject of the present action:

(a) _Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd v Revitech Pte Ltd_ [2007] SGHC 194: This
was the first tranche of Suit No 36 of 2006. The High Court was asked to
determine whether certain documents formed part of the building contract
between the parties. The court’s finding would impact the determination of the
scope of the works contracted for. Justice Lai Siu Chiu ruled in favour of
Revitech on 13 November 2007. HPK filed an appeal (Civil Appeal No 149 of
2007) but did not file the Record of Appeal in time.[note: 4] The appeal was
hence deemed to have been withdrawn.

(b) _Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd v Revitech Pte Ltd_ [2010] SGHC 106: This
was the second tranche of Suit No 36 of 2006. HPK proceeded on its substantive
claims for (i) outstanding progress payments certified by the architect; (ii)
under-valuation of works carried out; and (iii) damages for wrongful
termination of the contract. Revitech counterclaimed for liquidated damages
for delay in the construction works and cost of rectification of defective
works. Lai J delivered judgment on 8 April 2010, granting final judgment to
HPK in the sums of $771,630.97 and $10,023.49. Its claim for undervalued works
and wrongful termination of the contract were dismissed. Lai J granted final
judgment to Revitech in the sum of $414,000 for liquidated damages for HPK’s
delay. Lai J also granted several other reliefs.

(c) Civil Appeal No 74 of 2010: The Court of Appeal dismissed HPK’s appeal
against Lai J’s decision in _Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd v Revitech Pte Ltd_
[2010] SGHC 106. A minor variation (underlined below) was made to Lai J’s
order for interlocutory judgment at [135(f)(ii)]:[note: 5]

The defendant was awarded interlocutory judgment against the plaintiff for
defective construction ~~of but not~~ _limited to_ (1) the roof and parapet
wall; (2) the basement car park; (3) windows, sliding doors, glass balustrades
and aluminium trellis; (4) defective marble flooring; (5) external walls; (6)
staircases; (7) outdoor shower and (8) exit signages _and in respect of all
these items, only if the defendant established that it was subject to any
legal obligation to complete the said rectifications_.

(d) _Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd v Revitech Pte Ltd_ [2013] SGHC 41: This was
a cross-appeal by both HPK and Revitech against an Assistant Registrar’s
assessment of damages for part of the interlocutory judgment ordered against
HPK. Lai J delivered the judgment on 19 February 2013\. Revitech’s appeal was
allowed while HPK’s appeal was dismissed.

(e) Suit No 36 of 2006 (Assessment of Damages No 60 of 2013): This was the
second tranche of an assessment of damages hearing in which Assistant
Registrar James Elisha Lee (“AR Lee”) was asked to determine Revitech’s cost
of rectifying HPK’s defective construction. HPK did not participate in the
proceedings.[note: 6] On 29 October 2013, AR Lee awarded damages of
$1,473,828.48 to Revitech.

5 HPK’s dissatisfaction with the above orders culminated in the present
action. HPK sued the Government for the above judicial orders made. It was
alleged that Lai J “intentionally acted unfairly” and “bull[ied]” HPK.[note:
7] He also claimed that the three judges of the Court of Appeal in Civil
Appeal No 74 of 2010 had erred when they “supported [Lai J]’s decision”.[note:
8] As for AR Lee’s order in Assessment of Damages No 60 of 2013, HPK claimed
that it was “totally not correct”.[note: 9]

The Government’s arguments

HPK was not represented by a solicitor

6 The Government advanced two arguments. First, the writ of summons should be
set aside under O 12 r 7(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the ROC”) and that this suit be dismissed on the ground that the writ was in
breach of O 5 r 6(2) of the ROC.[note: 10] The argument was that O 5 r 6(2)
requires HPK to be represented by a solicitor when beginning or carrying on
proceedings in the Supreme Court. HSF is not a solicitor. O 5 r 6(2) reads as
follows:

(2) Subject to Order 1, Rule 9(2) and any other written law, and except in
accordance with any practice directions for the time being issued by the
Registrar, a body corporate may not begin or carry on any proceedings in Court
otherwise than by a solicitor.

7 As can be seen, O 5 r 6(2) expressly states that the provision is qualified
by O 1 r 9(2), which reads as follows:

(2) For the purposes of section 34(1)(_ea_) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap.
161) and paragraph (1), the Court may, on an application by a company or a
limited liability partnership, give leave for an officer of the company or
limited liability partnership to act on behalf of the company or limited
liability partnership in any relevant matter or proceeding to which the
company or limited liability partnership is a party, if the Court is satisfied
that —

(_a_) the officer has been duly authorised by the company or limited liability
partnership to act on behalf of the company or limited liability partnership
in that matter or proceeding; and

(_b_) it is appropriate to give such leave in the circumstances of the case.

8 Although O 1 r 9(2) of the ROC allows the court to grant leave for an
officer of the company to represent it in the proceedings, the Government
argued that the provision applied only to proceedings commenced in the
Subordinate Courts.[note: 11] This was because, until 1 May 2014, the phrase
“relevant matter or proceeding” found in O 1 r 9(2) was defined in O 1 r 9(5)
to mean “any matter or proceeding in a District Court or a Magistrate’s Court”
and the word “Court” found in O 1 r 9(2) was defined in O 1 r 9(6) to mean “a
District Court or a Magistrate’s Court”.

9 Recently, amendments were made to O 1 rr 9(5) and (6) of the ROC such that O
1 r 9(2) was extended to cover proceedings commenced in the Supreme Court.
These amendments came into operation on 1 May 2014. Although the present
action was commenced (on 3 January 2014) before the amendments came into
effect, it would nevertheless be covered by the amendments. This is because O
1 r 9(5) expressly provides that the amendments apply to proceedings commenced
before 1 May 2014.

Lack of substantive merits

10 Alternatively, the Government argued for the SOC to be struck out under O
18 r 19(1) of the ROC. It argued that the SOC:

(a) disclosed no reasonable cause of action under O 18 r 19(1)(_a_) of the
ROC;

(b) was scandalous, frivolous or vexatious under O 18 r 19(1)(_b_) of the ROC;
and/or

(c) amounted to an abuse of process under O 18 r 19(1)(_d_) of the ROC.

11 To this end, the Government relied on the same legal arguments advanced in
the First Action.[note: 12] A summary of those arguments can be found at
[7]–[8] of the grounds of decision for the First Action.

Overview

12 Even though HPK had not made an application for HSF to represent it,
pursuant to O 1 r 9(2) (in the light of the recent amendment to the ROC
referred to above at [9]), I did not require such an application to be made as
it was quite clear to me that the present action had no substantive merit. HPK
would have incurred additional costs to make such an application.

Issue

13 The remaining issue before this court was whether there was a reasonable
cause of action against the Government for the judicial acts and orders set
out above.

Reasons for striking out the SOC

14 For the reasons I have stated in my Grounds of Decision for the First
Action, I concluded that no reasonable cause of action was disclosed in the
present action.

15 Furthermore, AR Lee is also protected under s 79(1) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed), which states as follows:

**Protection of Registrar and other officers**

79.—(1) The Registrar, the Deputy Registrar or an Assistant Registrar or other
person acting judicially shall not be liable to be sued in any court
exercising civil jurisdiction for any act done by him in the discharge of his
judicial duty whether or not within the limits of his jurisdiction, provided
that he at the time in good faith believed himself to have jurisdiction to do
or order the act complained of.

Costs

16 After hearing submissions on costs, I ordered HPK to pay $500, inclusive of
disbursements, forthwith to the Government for the appeal in the present
action as there was another appeal by HSF in the First Action with similar
arguments.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim, p 9.

[note: 2]_Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd v Revitech Pte Ltd_ [2007] SGHC 194 at
[1].

[note: 3]Statement of Claim, p 2.

[note: 4]_Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd v Revitech Pte Ltd_ [2013] SGHC 41 at
[2].

[note: 5]Koo Zhi Xuan’s affidavit dated 27 Jan 2014, Exh 3.

[note: 6]Koo Zhi Xuan’s affidavit dated 27 Jan 2014, Exh 5.

[note: 7]Statement of Claim, p 2.

[note: 8]Statement of Claim, pp 2, 4 and 8.

[note: 9]Statement of Claim, p 6, para 1(j).

[note: 10]Summons No 445 of 2014, para 1.

[note: 11]Defendant’s submissions, para 6.

[note: 12]Defendant’s submissions, para 15.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Sep 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

