Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ANX _v_ ANY  
[2014] SGHC 248

Case Number| :| Divorce Transfer No 5662 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 November 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andrew Hanam (Andrew LLC) for the plaintiff; Tan Anamah
Nee Nagalingam and Faiza Imran (Ann Tan & Associates) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  ANX — ANY  
  
25 November 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff-husband (“the husband”) and the defendant-wife (“the wife”)
had a short marriage of about seven years. They have no children from this
marriage. In this application, they seek for a just and equitable division of
their matrimonial assets.

2 Central to this dispute is the status and scope of a Deed of Separation
(“DOS”) entered into between the husband and the wife. The husband argues that
the Deed of Separation should not be given effect to under s 112 of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the WC”) as he had not entered into
it willingly.[note: 1] However, the wife alleges that the DOS is an amicable
settlement between her and her husband without undue influence operating on
the latter. Therefore it should be enforced by the courts.[note: 2]
Alternatively, if the court is not with her, she seeks an equal division of
the matrimonial assets and maintenance for herself and her son from her
previous marriage.

The facts

3 The husband is a 63 year old Singaporean.[note: 3] He is a hospitality
manager drawing a gross monthly salary of $14,280.94. He was previously
divorced twice and has three daughters from his former marriage. Currently, he
has terminal prostate cancer.

4 The wife is 40 years old. She is currently a revenue director at a large
company drawing a gross monthly salary of $6,750.[note: 4] She came from the
People’s Republic of China and became a Singapore citizen in October
2012.[note: 5] She was divorced once and has a son from her previous marriage.

5 The husband and wife met through an online dating website. They were married
on 25 March 2004.[note: 6]

6 From 2004 to 2007, the parties lived together with the wife’s son in an Ang
Mo Kio Housing Development Board (“HDB”) flat. The husband’s three daughters
would sometimes go over during his access hours with them. The flat was fully
paid up and was originally in the husband’s sole name. Sometime in 2007 he
included the wife as a joint tenant. In 2007, the flat was sold for $258,000
and the proceeds, _inter alia_ , were used to purchase a condominium apartment
(“Aston Mansion”) for $450,000.[note: 7]

7 Aston Mansion was registered in the wife’s sole name. This was because the
husband had promised the wife a property upon marriage. He also did not want
his ex-wives to claim against the property.

8 By October 2010, the parties’ marriage started to break down. The wife
alleged that this was due to major differences between the husband and
herself. On the other hand, the husband attributed the breakdown to the wife’s
adulterous behaviour for which she was unrepentant.[note: 8] The parties
decided to part ways amicably and the DOS was signed between them on 13
January 2011.

9 I shall first set out the DOS’s terms which are undisputed before setting
out the parties’ positions on how the DOS was entered into. The material terms
of the DOS read as follows:[note: 9]

(4) There is a matrimonial property known as XXXXXX Aston Mansions, Singapore
XXXXXX (hereinafter “matrimonial property”) where parties have separate
bedrooms.

…

1\. In pursuance of the said agreement and in consideration of the premises
the husband and wife mutually covenant and agree with each other as follows:

…

(ii) During the said separation, the husband shall be entitled to the use of
and shall reside in the matrimonial property until such time he is able to buy
another property of his own and until the wife has paid the husband
$250,000.00 as his share of the said matrimonial property.

2\. In and until 2nd January in the year 2014, the husband or the wife shall
be at liberty to file a divorce suit on the ground of three (3) and the
Defendant in the divorce suit shall consent to the granting of an interim and
a final judgment if the divorce is based on three (3) years separation. The
husband and the wife shall bear the costs of the divorce proceedings equally.

3\. The wife shall not claim any maintenance from the husband.

The husband alleges that he entered into the DOS unwillingly and therefore the
DOS should not be given effect to. The wife, on the other hand, submits that
the DOS was amicably entered into and thus should be enforceable.[note: 10]
Alternatively, she seeks a 50% share of the matrimonial assets and lump sum
maintenance for herself and her son.[note: 11]

The issues

10 It is undisputed that the division of matrimonial assets is governed by s
112 of the WC. The key issue is whether the court should treat the DOS as
binding. If it is, does it apply to all matrimonial assets or just to the
Aston Mansion? This has a significant bearing on the quantum of assets that
either party will get.

The Deed of Separation

The husband’s case

The Court should not give effect to the DOS

11 The husband’s position is that the court should give no weight to the DOS
and should divide the matrimonial assets according to the well-established
principles of asset division under the WC. He relies on Belinda Ang Saw Ean
J’s judgment in _Wong Kien Keong v Khoo Hoon Eng_ [2014] 1 SLR 1342 (“ _Wong
Kien Keong_ ”) at [18] and [31] that:

… [T]he court has the overriding power to scrutinise the terms of both
prenuptial and postnuptial agreements (including deeds of separation) and will
do so in accordance with the principles of justice, fairness and equity to
both parties …

…

How much weight the court accords to a marital agreement depends on the
division under the agreement as well as the facts of the case, which means
that not only the terms but also the parties’ conduct surrounding the making
and the execution of the agreement would be scrutinised. In addition, the
court will look at the marital agreement in light of the other factors set out
in section 112(2). …

12 Furthermore, in _AQS v AQR_ [2012] SGCA 3, Chao Hick Tin JA noted at [35]
that the parties’ agreement made in contemplation of divorce could not be
decisive. The husband submits that the DOS should not be given weight
because:[note: 12]

(a) The wife had threatened him to find a lawyer to handle the drafting,
failing which she would get her own lawyer to draft the DOS to her advantage.

(b) The wife came up with the $250,000 figure to be paid to the husband.

(c) The first draft of the DOS contained several clauses conferring benefits
on the husband which had been removed, showing that he had been manipulated by
the wife. The clauses that were removed are as follows:

(i) That the husband be allowed to reside at Aston Mansion indefinitely until
it was sold.[note: 13]

(ii) The provision for a refund of the husband’s CPF money including accrued
interest in the event of a sale.[note: 14]

(iii) That neither the husband nor the wife could bring any person of the
opposite gender back to Aston Mansion (this was an attempt by the husband to
win back the wife).[note: 15]

Additionally, the husband alleges that the wife had “mentally overpower[ed]”
him such that he had to move out of Aston Mansion prematurely in breach of cl
1(ii) of the DOS.[note: 16]

13 The husband also alleges that he was not legally advised as to his rights
to a just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets. Therefore he
erroneously believed that he had no rights to the matrimonial property. He
tried to distinguished this case from _Surindar Singh s/o Jaswant Singh v Sita
Jaswant Kaur_ [2014] 3 SLR 1284 (“ _Surindar_ ”) in which the Court of Appeal
upheld the deed of separation of the spouses who separately had independent
legal advice and had entered into the settlement agreement pursuant to a
mediation session. In this case, the husband alleged that he had not signed
the DOS willingly. He signed it as the wife had threatened and pestered
him.[note: 17] Therefore the court should not place any weight on the DOS.
Instead the court should decide the matter afresh, considering other factors
under s 112(2) of the WC.[note: 18]

The court should divide the matrimonial assets with regard to the s 112(2) WC
factors

14 Since the husband argues that the DOS should not be given weight, the
division of matrimonial assets should take on a broad-brush basis (see _NI v
NJ_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 75 (“ _NI v NJ_ ”)) pursuant to the factors listed in s
112(2) of the WC. This includes taking into consideration the extent of the
direct and indirect contributions of the parties.[note: 19] In this analysis,
the court should also consider that the marriage was a short one with no
children. Since the law typically awards a low quantum of the matrimonial
assets to a childless homemaker wife, the wife should only receive:[note: 20]

(a) 5% of the net proceeds of sale from Aston Mansion; and

(b) 10% (amounting to $114,216.91) of the other matrimonial assets.

The husband also wants the wife to repay him $335,918.96 out of $490,385.87
worth of the matrimonial assets.

The wife’s case

The Court should enforce the DOS

15 The wife submits that the husband had entered into the DOS amicably. He
wanted to avoid acrimony as he had already been divorced twice and did not
want to waste money on protracted legal proceedings. Therefore they met twice
weekly over the past few months to discuss the division of the matrimonial
assets. Eventually, they reached a mutual agreement.[note: 21]

16 The DOS was arrived at as the husband had said that he needed money to
purchase a HDB flat on his own. Hence, the wife agreed to pay him $250,000,
being his share of the matrimonial flat.[note: 22] This sum also accounted for
the amount of maintenance which the husband had to pay the wife and the son.
Therefore, they agreed that no maintenance was to be paid by the husband to
either the wife or the son.

17 With respect to their other assets, namely about $200,000 worth of shares
purchased by the wife using pooled monies and the husband’s accumulated
savings since 2008, the parties agreed to keep them in their separate names in
the interests of reaching an amicable settlement.[note: 23]

18 The wife submits that the DOS should be enforced as:

(a) the DOS was drafted by the husband’s lawyer, Mr Kang Kim Yang (“Mr Kang”),
and while the wife had no legal representation, she had acted in good faith
throughout the process of preparing the DOS and accepted that the DOS was
accurate;[note: 24]

(b) it has always been the husband’s intention that Aston Mansion belonged to
the wife;[note: 25] and

(c) the husband had not been forthcoming with his asset disclosure and three
rounds of discovery and interrogatories were needed to reveal information
regarding the husband’s assets. Therefore an adverse inference should be made
against the husband in respect of an unaccounted sum of $422,000.[note: 26]

In summary, the wife argues that, under the DOS, she would receive only 41% of
the total matrimonial assets including her retention of the assets in her sole
name plus her claim for lump sum maintenance in lieu of monthly maintenance
payments.[note: 27] This is a fair and equitable division under s 112 of the
WC.

Alternatively, the court should order an equal division of matrimonial assets
with lump sum maintenance paid to the wife

19 Alternatively, the wife submits that the matrimonial assets should be
equally divided between the husband and her if the DOS was not upheld. While
typically homemaker wives without children in the marriage get 10% or less of
the matrimonial assets, she should get more than 10% of the matrimonial
assets.

20 With respect to maintenance, the wife submits that because of her care and
support to the husband he was able to obtain a higher paying job earning about
$13,000 a month in 2005. He also gave her a monthly allowance of $2,000 and
paid for all her credit card bills.

21 The wife submits that if the court does not uphold the DOS, she should be
awarded maintenance of $2,000 per month. This was her lifestyle before the
marriage broke down. She asks for a lump sum maintenance order of $840,000
[$2,000 x 12 months x 35 years] as the husband has the means to pay for it.
This would allow them to have a clean break from each other.

Finding 1: The Deed of Separation is binding

22 The key features in this case are similar to _Surindar._ Although the DOS
in this instance was not a mediated agreement, it was an agreement carefully
entered into between the parties after a considerable period of negotiation
that lasted nearly three months. Both parties entered into the agreement with
their eyes wide open. Indeed, that appears to be the touchstone by which the
court decides to grant conclusive weight to agreements between the parties.
Therefore a review of _Surindar_ is helpful.

A review of Surindar

23 In _Surindar_ , the parties had been married since 1972 and agreed to
resolve the ancillary matters through mediation. They appointed Mr Amolat
Singh (“Mr Singh”), a senior lawyer, as the mediator. At the mediation, both
parties were represented by counsel (at [6]). Having mediated for an entire
day, Mr Singh drafted the settlement agreement which was signed by both
parties. The intention was to enforce the settlement agreement through a
consent order by the court (at [2]). The wife later refused to comply with her
obligations under the settlement agreement and the issue was whether the
settlement agreement bound both parties.

24 First, the Court of Appeal distinguished between two types of postnuptial
agreements. The first category is when the husband and wife are still together
and they intend to remain together while the second type is when the parties
have separated or are intending to separate. The latter would typically carry
significant weight (at [52]):

… A separation agreement is made when the marriage has failed and when the
parties have either gone their separate ways or are proposing to do so. The
separation agreement is meant to cater to the immediate needs and desires of
the parties, instead of some future possibility of breakup which the couple
neither want nor expect to happen. _Therefore, as a general proposition, where
the parties enter into a separation agreement, especially after divorce or
separation proceedings have already commenced, such a separation agreement,
will, in our view, generally carry significant weight._ … [emphasis added]

25 Second, the Court of Appeal held that the settlement agreement was to be
given binding effect as it was akin to a separation agreement. It was arrived
at after a well-considered process and after the parties had been through the
process dealing with ancillary matters. The settlement agreement had been (at
[59]) arrived at: (a) after a mediation session from 10am to 5pm with many
private sessions between the parties and the mediator; (b) after both parties
had been represented and advised by counsel; (c) after the parties had the
opportunity to make amendments to the agreement; and (d) where the wife’s
lawyer had confirmed the wife’s assent to the concluded agreement.
Furthermore, the Court of Appeal noted (at [65]) that:

The Settlement Agreement was, more likely than not, an accurate estimation of
what the parties thought was just and equitable in view of their various
direct and indirect contributions and the assets which each of them had. In
situations such as this where the finances of the parties are intertwined, as
they often are in a marriage, the parties are in a better position to decide
on what is a just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets, based on
facts which in truth only they are really privy to. We note further that there
were other assets in each party’s sole ownership which were to be kept by
him/her and were not affected by the Settlement Agreement. …

26 It is undisputed that the court retains a general discretion to ensure that
the asset division is _ultimately_ a fair and equitable one. However where
parties have entered into an agreement after a negotiated process which shows
that they were aware of what they were getting into, it is my view that it is
only fair and just for them to be held to their negotiated bargain. That
appears to have been the court’s _overriding_ consideration in giving
conclusive effect to the settlement agreement in _Surindar_. The observations
of Ang J in _Wong Kien Keong_ at [31] are also trite:

How much weight the court accords to a marital agreement depends on the
division under the agreement as well as the facts of the case, which means
that not only the terms but also the parties’ conduct surrounding the making
and the execution of the agreement would be scrutinised. …

Did the husband sign the DOS willingly?

27 In this case I am satisfied that the DOS entered into between the husband
and the wife should be given binding effect. The husband’s main contention is
that he had entered into the DOS unwillingly and had been coerced by his wife
to remove several clauses which he thought were favourable to him. However his
interpretation of the facts is not borne out by the documentary evidence.

28 First, I note that it was the husband who was advised by Mr Kang, his
lawyer. It was him who engaged his lawyer to draft the DOS.[note: 28] Despite
his access to Mr Kang, it is Mr Kang’s evidence that the husband had not
sought legal advice in relation to his Aston Mansion entitlement.[note: 29] If
it is true that the husband was operating under the impression that he was
helpless due to the wife’s threats, pestering and sole ownership of Aston
Mansion, he should have sought legal advice from Mr Kang whose advice was
readily available to him. This was not the case.

29 Second, the husband had sent an email to Mr Kang, specifically telling him
the following:[note: 30]

Hi [Mr Kang],

I discussed with my wife … and agreed on the following terms for the separate
deed:

1\. She will pay me $250,000 in cash to purchase my flat

2\. She will not claim any alimony or maintenance from me

…

30 On reading the email, there is no hint that the husband was coerced into
entering the DOS as he claimed. He could not have entered into the DOS
unwillingly as he had discussed the matter with the wife. My finding is also
supported by other contemporaneous documents in which the husband referred to
discussions with his wife. [note: 31] Thus it is my view that the husband had
entered into the DOS willingly after extensive discussions with his wife and
after he had access to his lawyer.

31 Third, the deletion of the clauses which were allegedly in the wife’s
favour was most likely made after discussions with the wife. The
circumstantial evidence in which the parties operated seemed to point in that
direction as (a) the husband had requested that deletions to the DOS be made
against the advice of Mr Kang; and (b) he had stated that the deletions were
to be made after discussions with the wife. Mr Kang’s email is set out as
follows:[note: 32]

See attachment for the revised draft Deed of Separation.

Note that I have considered what you said regarding clause (4) under
“Whereas”, but I recommend that you stick to it instead of deleting it as it
is a relevant and material fact that you paid for the purchase of the
matrimonial property. It will also explain why there is a need for her to pay
you $250,000.00.

…

32 The above email was followed by a reply from the husband:[note: 33]

Dear Mr Kang,

My wife and I looked over the new draft and have the following comments:

1\. Clause (4) under “whereas”…we want it deleted. I have the trust in her
that when she said she’ll pay me the $250k for me to buy a flat she would. _I
know that in a typical divorce, there is a lot of acrimony in the process and
each party tries thru (sic) legal means to extract the most from or give the
least to the other party. This is not the case for us._

…

[emphasis added]

Therefore on the evidence it is likely that the deletions were made after the
husband had discussed them with the wife.

33 Fourth, I see an imbalance of power in terms of legal knowledge in favour
of the husband as he had access to his lawyer. He was the one who gave
instructions to his lawyer. There is no evidence to suggest that the wife also
engaged or spoke to Mr Kang. In fact, it was the wife who did not have access
to legal advice or information when she willingly entered into the DOS.

34 The husband should also be familiar with the division of matrimonial assets
under the WC as this was not his first divorce. He had gone through two
previous divorces. Thus he was no stranger with the issues that arose from a
divorce including the division of matrimonial assets and maintenance. On the
other hand the wife had a previous divorce which was presumably in China. Thus
she may not be familiar with the WC’s division of matrimonial assets.
Ironically, the husband is now invoking the court’s processes to allow him to
retract from a legally binding agreement which he now alleges was entered into
unwillingly.

35 Fifth, the negotiations between the husband and wife took place over a
considerable period of several weeks. From the husband’s email correspondence
with his lawyer, it seems that his instructions to his lawyer started in
November 2010 and culminated in the signing of the DOS in the lawyer’s office
on 13 January 2011. Therefore there were ample opportunities for the parties
to seriously consider the terms of the DOS. There were several drafts of the
DOS as the husband gave instructions to his lawyer to make the changes before
the final draft on 13 January 2013.

36 Sixth, the contemporaneous documents, namely the email exchanges between
the husband and his lawyer on the drafting of the DOS did not suggest or
indicate that the husband might have been under the control, influence or
threat of the wife which resulted in him being forced to agree to the DOS.

37 Seventh, the parties regarded the DOS as binding. One of its terms allows
the husband to reside at Aston Mansion until he bought his own property and
also after the wife paid him $250,000 as his share of the matrimonial home.
However, in March 2011, the parties decided that it was not convenient for
them to reside in the same premises. Thus, notwithstanding the above term, the
husband agreed to move out of the flat on condition that the wife gave him
$5,000 which was equivalent to two months’ rental. The wife paid this sum to
the husband.

38 Eighth, in May 2011, the wife acted on the DOS and paid the husband
$250,000. $50,000 was from her DBS Bank Account. She took a loan of $200,000
from RHB Bank to pay the husband for him to buy a 3-room HDB flat. If the
husband was coerced into entering the DOS, why did he accept those payments
under the DOS? Therefore on the evidence that is before me, I find that the
parties are bound by the terms of the DOS.

What is the real reason for the husband to void the DOS?

39 In my view, it is probable that the husband wanted to back out from the DOS
which he had willingly entered into because of the recent property boom which
caused property prices to escalate to dizzying heights. As a result, the Aston
Mansion which had been purchased at $450,000 was eventually sold by the wife
in June 2013 for $1,034,000, _ie_ , more than double the original purchase
price. On hindsight, the husband probably thought that he had entered into a
bad bargain under the DOS’s terms. However, this cannot be a good reason for
setting aside a legitimate and enforceable agreement that he had willingly
entered into.

40 In my view, there is no indication that the DOS was not a fair and
equitable agreement at the time when it was entered into. The parties were
also happy with the DOS, otherwise they would not have signed it and carried
out its terms. It would be unfair and inequitable for the husband to now turn
around to void the DOS when he had initially benefited from the DOS. The wife,
on the other hand, had acted on the DOS to her detriment as she had to take
out a loan of $200,000 to pay the husband. Hence, it is my view that the DOS
must be given binding effect.

Finding 2: The Deed of Separation covered only the Aston Mansion and
maintenance

41 The DOS deals primarily with the division of the Aston Mansion and states
that the wife will not claim any maintenance from the husband. However, it is
silent on issues relating to the other matrimonial assets such as the parties’
bank accounts, insurance, _etc_. The wife submits that the parties intended
for each party to retain his or her other assets in the spirit of amity (see
[15] above). The husband on the other hand argues that the DOS does not deal
with the other matrimonial assets as it was not mentioned in the DOS.

42 The DOS is silent on the other matrimonial assets besides Aston Mansion.
The negotiations between the parties also failed to reveal that the parties
intended to include their other matrimonial assets in the DOS. In fact, the
correspondence between Mr Kang and the husband specifically referred solely to
the Aston Mansion and the issue of maintenance. The wife had admitted in her
own affidavit that the DOS was just limited to the Aston Mansion and
maintenance:[note: 34]

We agreed to divorce so as to move on with our lives and not to fight over
money. _As such, the parties agreed that the [Aston Mansion] would be divided
equally and that I would purchase the [husband’s] 50% share of the [Aston
Mansion]. The [husband] agreed that I would only pay him the sum of
S$250,000.00._ The difference between the real value of the [husband’s] 50%
share of the [Aston Mansion] and the cash I would pay him would constitute the
maintenance portion that the [husband] would pay me. In return, I agreed not
to ask for any maintenance for myself and my son.

[emphasis added]

43 Hence, I am of the view that the DOS does not cover the rest of the
matrimonial assets. I turn now to address the division of the other assets.

Finding 3: The wife is entitled to 8% of the rest of the matrimonial assets

44 Since the DOS makes no mention of the other matrimonial assets, s 112 of
the WC will apply. The decision of _Surindar_ in which the division of the
matrimonial asset was fully resolved by the settlement agreement cannot be
followed as the deed of separation in that case deals comprehensively with all
matrimonial assets of the parties.

Which assets fell within the pool of matrimonial assets?

45 There was some dispute as to which assets came within the pool of assets to
be divided. The relevant provision on what constitutes matrimonial assets is s
112(10) of the WC and it reads as follows:

(10) In this section, “matrimonial asset” means —

(a) (_a_) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties
to the marriage —

(i) ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii) which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; and

(c) (_b_) any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by the
other party or by both parties to the marriage,

but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage.

46 Having considered the evidence, my view is that the asset pool comprises
the following:

The assets in the husband’s name |  Value  
---|---  
Two insurance policies[note: 35] |  $60,758.25  
CPF accounts[note: 36] |  $263,157.70  
Supplementary Retirement Savings account[note: 37] |  $56,780.00  
Cash in bank accounts[note: 38] |  $274,217.40  
SGX Security Account[note: 39] |  $619.50  
**_Total assets owned by husband_** |  **_$655,232.85_**  
**The assets in the wife’s name** |  **Value**  
Two insurance policies[note: 40] |  $14,137.52  
CPF accounts[note: 41] |  $85,761.42  
Cash in bank accounts[note: 42] |  $23,831.74  
Cash in joint bank account with son |  $45,686.00  
Shares[note: 43] |  $28,055.19  
**_Total assets owned by wife_** [note: 44] |  **_$197,471.87_**  
**Total assets of both parties** |  **$852,704.72**  
  
  

The insurance policies taken out in the names of the stepchildren

47 The wife submits that the husband did not include six insurance policies
worth a total of $30,715.32.[note: 45] This was a flawed submission. The
evidence showed that the six insurance policies were entered into before the
parties were married and were for the benefit of the husband’s three daughters
from his previous marriage. Therefore, they do not fall within the pool of
matrimonial assets.

The investment sum of $200,000

48 Next, the husband submits that the wife did not disclose $200,000 which he
had given her to invest. However he did not provide any documentary evidence
to support his allegation. Indeed, the wife’s affidavit reads as
follows:[note: 46]

108\. I do not remember the [husband] giving me S$200,000.00. If so, I ask for
the [husband] to furnish documentary proof to show that he did indeed give me
the sum of S$200,000.00.

109\. We did however agree to pool our money together, the sum of which I
could not remember, and we decided to invest in shares for better returns.
Thus, from 2008 onwards, we had invested in some shares of which he had full
knowledge but because of the economic downturn and financial crisis, heavy
losses were incurred. The balance was what was declared in my 1st affidavit.
However, this was all taken into account when the [husband] and I planned and
signed the Deed of Separation.

49 In her affidavit dated 29 January 2014, the wife explained the
circumstances behind their collective investment:[note: 47]

12\. Sometime in **_late 2007 and early 2008_** , whilst the [husband] and I
were still married and after we had bought Aston Mansion … the [husband]
decided that he would start to save his (sizeable) income for his retirement
after paying off his living expenses every month. He also decided to use part
of our savings worth about S$200K for investment purposes in order to improve
the family’s finances.

13\. As I was then starting to work as a part time financial consultant, which
saves us on transaction costs, and because I have a background in finance
knowledge, I helped my then husband … to oversee and manage a portfolio of
investment using part of his savings (around the beginning of 2008- more than
4 years before our divorce in 2012).

14\. Thus, for large parts of our marriage, I not only took care of my son and
the [husband], who was then already diagnosed with cancer in 2002, and tended
to everything in our household, but also contributed in time and effort in the
stock markets in order to improve our matrimonial assets/wealth.

15\. I was given free reins to decide what shares or stocks to invest in and
the volume to buy and sell and I essentially saw to the daily movements and
exchanges of activities in the stock markets. Before making any significant
purchase or sale of shares, I would consult the [husband] and the [husband]
was always aware of the shares/stocks performances. Both of us were very open
about the investments and we discussed about them regularly.

[emphasis in original]

50 The wife also stated in the same affidavit that under the DOS, the husband
had surrendered all his claims to the shares held in her name as they had
agreed that she would keep what was remaining of the investment held in her
name and he would keep all of his savings and assets held in his name.[note:
48] I disagree. The DOS makes no mention of the husband or the wife
surrendering their claims to the investments held in the wife’s name or the
savings and assets held in the husband’s name. All that was mentioned was the
Aston Mansion and the issue of maintenance. If the parties had indeed intended
to retain their other respective matrimonial assets this would be reflected in
the DOS which had gone through several drafts. They did not, and I find that,
on a balance of probabilities, the wife’s assertion was unlikely to be true.

51 I also note that the wife said that she could not remember the sum that
they had collectively invested. From the evidence, it is more likely that both
the husband and the wife _collectively_ invested $200,000 initially. This is
borne out by two statements in the wife’s affidavits which appear to suggest
that was indeed the case. The statements are set out as follows:[note: 49]

**From the wife’s affidavit dated 8 November 2012**

109\. We did however agree to pool our money together, the sum of which I
could not remember …

113\. When the [husband] and I started to invest the _$200,000_ in shares in
2008 …

**From the wife’s affidavit dated 29 January 2014**

12\. … [The husband] also decided to use part of our savings worth about
S$200K for investment purposes in order to improve the family’s finances.

[emphasis added in italics]

52 Finally, what happened to the investments made? It is undisputed that
significant losses were made and the husband puts the residual figure at about
$60,000. This appears to tally with the wife’s evidence. The wife’s first
affidavit shows that she owned shares worth $26,576.71 (as of 10 September
2012). That shareholding had risen to $28,055.19 as of 27 November 2013. The
wife states in another affidavit that besides those shares, she had liquidated
another $32,386.11 worth of shares in or about August 2012 to pay for her
legal fees.[note: 50] In total, the sum adds up to about $60,000, which is the
figure provided by the husband. This sum has already been accounted for in the
table at [43] above.

The wife’s joint bank account with her son

53 Third, the husband submits that the wife has a joint account with her son.
That account contains $45,686 as of February 2011 and the wife has neither
denied its existence nor disclosed it – hence she must be presumed to have the
joint account with more than $45,000 in it.

54 In his affidavit, the husband based his claim on a table (presumably
created by the wife) listing out all the wife’s assets. In that table, there
is a column that states “Joint account with [the son] – $45,686”.[note: 51]
However, no evidence was provided by the wife in relation to this asset in her
reply affidavits. In the circumstances, I find that it is more probable that
the joint account exists and I account for this in the matrimonial asset pool.

The rental income from the Aston Mansion

55 Finally, the husband submits that rental income from the Aston Mansion
amounted to $93,600 and should fall within the pool of matrimonial assets.
This sum was for the period between June 2011 to July 2013. I reject his
submission as the DOS was signed on 13 January 2011 and he had agreed that the
Aston Mansion would belong to the wife fully in return for her paying $250,000
for his share of the property.[note: 52] The wife paid him $50,000 on 15 May
2011 and raised another $200,000 via a bank loan to pay him.[note: 53]

56 Given my ruling that the DOS is binding, the wife is the full legal owner
of the Aston Mansion as of June 2011. The rental income from the Aston Mansion
thus fully accrued to her henceforth and the sum of $93,600 did not fall
within the pool of matrimonial assets to be divided.

How should the asset pool be divided?

57 Sections 112(1) and (2) of the WC prescribe the just and equitable
principle which is foundational to the division of matrimonial assets:

**112.** —(1) The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the
grant of a judgment of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, to
order the division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of
any such asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the
sale of any such asset in such proportions as the court thinks just and
equitable.

(2) It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regard to all
the circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

(a) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(b) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

(c) the needs of the children (if any) of the marriage;

(d) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependant of either party;

(e) any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce;

(f) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(g) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(h) the matters referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

The broad brush approach

58 It is trite that the court should adopt a broad-brush approach in the
division of matrimonial assets. In _NI v NJ_ , V K Rajah J held at [18] that:

The division of matrimonial assets is a subject to be approached with a
certain latitude; it calls for the application of sound discretion rather than
a purely rigid or mathematical formula. All relevant circumstances should be
assessed objectively and holistically. Generally speaking, however, when a
marriage ends a wife is entitled to an equitable share of the assets she has
helped to acquire directly or indirectly.

59 It is pertinent to set out the characteristics of the marriage for the
purpose of dividing the other matrimonial asset of the parties. This was a
marriage of about seven years. However I disagree with the parties when they
characterised the marriage first as one in which the wife was a homemaker and
second as a childless one.

60 First, the wife was not a homemaker. In _Matrimonial Asset Division_ , it
is clear that the author’s classification was based on whether the wife was a
_full-time homemaker_ or was not one. Similarly, the cases which were
classified as “Marriage under 10 years – Working couple with children”, _viz
TV v TW_ [2007] SGHC 113, _ALJ v ALK_ [2010] SGHC 255 and _YG v YH_ [2008]
SGHC 166 show that all the wives were working _to some extent_ , even if their
financial earning power was far less than the husband. Given that the wife was
working for four years out of a seven year marriage, it is my view that the
wife would be more appropriately treated as a working mother with a child in a
short marriage of under 10 years and not a homemaker (see para 94 of
_Matrimonial Asset Division_).

61 Second, the parties also made submissions on the common basis that the
marriage was a childless one. This is erroneous as the wife has a child from
her previous marriage and he stayed with them. The child thus fell within the
definition of s 92 of the WC, which sets out the definition of a “child of the
marriage” as follows:

“child of the marriage” means any child of the husband and wife, and includes
any adopted child and _any other child (whether or not a child of the husband
or of the wife) who was a member of the family of the husband and wife at the
time when they ceased to live together_ or at the time immediately preceding
the institution of the proceedings, whichever first occurred; and for the
purposes of this definition, the parties to a purported marriage that is void
shall be deemed to be husband and wife

[emphasis added]

62 In accordance with s 92, the marriage was not a childless one and when I
consider the division of the other matrimonial assets of the parties, I have
to be mindful that this was a short marriage involving a working mother with a
child. Having said the above, the final analysis is premised upon the _extent_
of the parties’ direct and indirect contributions and the cases merely serve
as guidelines in what is an _intensely_ factual analysis.

63 Moving on, _Matrimonial Asset Division_ comments at para 94 that:

_Marriage under 10 years_

The “ordinary” working mother

94\. The “markup” for an “ordinary” working mother in a short marriage seems
to be very low indeed:

(i) In the case of _TV v TW_ , supra, the wife in a 4 year marriage with 3
young children contributed to 50% of the family expenses, working as a music
teacher. The husband had a “chequered employment history” (per Woo Bih Li J,
at para. 41). The court added up the assets in each party’s name to see by how
much the husband’s exceeded the wife’s, and gave the wife a portion of the
excess because of her greater non-financial contribution. The wife received
15% of the sale proceeds of one property, when her contribution was 4.3%, and
12% of husband’s CPF monies which were in excess of hers. The low award could
be partly because the wife had a share in a property in Australia and also one
in Singapore purchased before marriage, which were not up for division.

(ii) In _ALJ v ALK_ [2010] SGHC 255, the wife in a 3 year marriage with 2
young children received 8% of the matrimonial assets (consisting of the
husband’s savings of US$45,000 over 3 years of marriage). The wife worked as a
property agent during the marriage, but did not contribute anything to the
matrimonial assets. …

(iii) In _YG v YH_ , supra, the wife in an 8 year marriage was awarded 55% of
the pool of matrimonial assets. The court found the wife’s direct financial
contributions to be 54%, her indirect financial contributions to be 25%, and
her indirect non-financial contributions to be 65%. It appears that the court
more or less followed the parties’ direct financial contributions in making
the award.

64 Having reviewed the authorities, the author concludes at para 102 that “it
appears that the key purpose for the division of matrimonial assets is to
reward parties for their contributions during the marriage and to ensure that
indirect contributions are appropriately recognised”. This is in-line with the
position of _In the marriage of Shewring_ (1987) 12 Fam LR 139 at 141 (see
Leong Wai Kum, _Elements of Family Law in Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed,
2013) at pp 626–629).

The parties’ submissions

65 The wife submits that the matrimonial assets should be equally divided
between the husband and her if the DOS is not upheld.[note: 54] This is
because their background circumstances support such a ruling:

(a) She had left China for Singapore once before but her husband, told her he
was not ready to marry her. That caused her great humiliation and difficulty.
It was only in 2003 that the husband begged her for a second chance that she
eventually married him in 2004.[note: 55]

(b) She had married the husband knowing that he had cancer and this would mean
having to care for him as his condition deteriorated. She dutifully cared for
the husband, managed the household and cared for his three daughters from his
previous marriages whenever they came to visit him.[note: 56]

(c) She had been very supportive of his career and helped him whenever he
dealt with the Chinese counterparts. In particular, she had helped him prepare
for his job interview such that his salary at his new job was double that of
his previous job.[note: 57]

(d) Both parties had been through divorces prior to the current one and
understood the importance of settling things amicably when they entered into
the DOS. Therefore they had worked out what was fair and equitable and the
case does not fall within the typical case of short marriages with a homemaker
wife and no children.[note: 58]

66 The husband’s position is easy to set out. He submits that the wife should
be entitled to just 10% of the rest of the matrimonial assets and 5% of the
Aston Mansion (see [12(b)] above). This was reduced to 5% of the total
matrimonial assets in his further submissions.[note: 59]

My decision

67 Having heard the submissions, I am of the view that the wife should be
entitled to 8% of the remaining pool of matrimonial assets.

68 First, I reject the wife’s submission that she should get more than 10% of
the rest of the matrimonial assets as the husband had hurt her badly when she
initially came to Singapore to marry him and he was not prepared to (see
[62(a)] above). The incident happened before and not during the marriage. This
was also neither a direct financial contribution nor an indirect contribution
that went towards benefitting the family unit.

69 Second, the wife also submits that she gave up a promising future in China
to marry the husband. Again, I reject that submission. The wife might have
made a decision to leave China and marry the husband, thus she gave up her
job, left her parents and relocated her son. However, those were not indirect
contributions to the household during the marriage. In any event, I find that
her situation was not as dire as she had made it out to be. In the wife’s
affidavit, it appears that she was studying for a university degree from 2004
to 2006 on the advice of the husband.[note: 60] The relevant portion reads as
follows:[note: 61]

91\. The reason why I went for my university education was because the
[husband] and I had discussed about our future and we agreed that for the
security of our future, it was important to upgrade myself and obtain a degree
qualification in which event I could come out to work and earn a living to
support the family.

…

93\. As I was a housewife serving the [husband], it was obvious that I did not
have any money to pay for the education. _I had paid for the university
education using the money I liquidated from the NTUC Income insurance accounts
which the [husband] assigned to me in 2004._ …

…

95\. When I subsequently won a scholarship from Workforce Development Agency
(WDA) through my own enterprise and labour, I paid for part of my own tuition
fees for my Masters Degree. The tuition fee for my Masters degree was paid
over 5 terms and the tuition fee for each term was $2,400. 79% of the fees
were sponsored by WDA. Of the remaining 21%, _which amounts to S[$]12,000.00,
the [husband] paid 3 out of the 5 instalments and I had paid the rest by
myself._

[emphasis added]

70 The wife did well enough to eventually earn a good salary. However, it was
the husband that paid for her undergraduate degree (with NTUC insurance
policies worth a total of $46,130.15) and also part of her master’s degree
($7,200). It also appears that the wife’s affidavit was very self-serving and
did not account for the fact that she herself was interested in upgrading
herself and finding new jobs. This is borne out from an excerpt from the
husband’s diary which reads:[note: 62]

Anyway I had already build (_sic_) up a plan to [bring] u back & marry u. I
knew u value [education] & from ur job-searching experience in [Shanghai], u
know how impt a degree was. I knew u felt very insecure in [Shanghai] & I
promised myself that I’ll give build up ur security for u, DD & ur mom.

_1\. Job Security_

\- U need that. Don’t depend on a man no matter how rich he’s. It’s better to
learn to fish than has someone feed u.

\- If u have the qualification, experience & ability, u can get a job anytime,
anywhere.

71 After her graduation, the wife started working. In her _curriculum vitae_ ,
the wife stated that as of February 2007, she was an MAS Certified Financial
Adviser Representative at a financial advisory firm.[note: 63] Currently, she
works as a revenue director earning $6,750 per month (see [3] above). In my
view, she might have given up her prospects in China, left with her elderly
husband and brought her young son to Singapore but she certainly did not lose
her career or future prospects, which seemed to me to be brighter than if she
had not left.

72 The husband and the wife disagree on the extent to which the wife made
indirect contributions to the household. On the evidence, it seems more likely
that the wife was the party responsible for maintaining the household,
especially since there was no maid to assist. It is likely that she had
provided _some_ degree of support to the husband when he was in the process of
getting his new job, managed the household and was the primary caregiver of
her son as evidenced from an email dated 24 January 2011 which she sent prior
to the marriage breaking down:[note: 64]

…

I am seriously looking for specialist to advise on marriage although I am not
really want to divorce.

…

What happened is that the kid’s problem affected our relationship. I
understand how difficult a second marriage is. I understand the complexity and
physiological factors among the marriage. However, I believe, Love could solve
all the problems. That’s why I come here.

What I did is I ask my 7 yrs old son to give way to his 13 yrs daughter. Share
his thing with others but not to touch anything belongs to her. I’ve seen how
frustrated he is just because his daughter cried. The other two daughters
quite get along with my son. They are all adopted before the youngest was
born. They are used to give way to the youngest one and endure her bad temper
at mummy’s [the husband’s ex-wife’s] house.

What confused me is whatever I tried to improve our relationship, he presents
kind of offend, he can be very unreasonable angry for very small little things
on me. He could ignore my son calling “daddy, daddy, daddy”, no response. He
could not talk to us during whole weekdays, but he show very much concern to
his daughters during weekends. He still tell stories to the youngest ones.
What he told me is that my son has a good mother, that’s enough.

Can you believe that even he comes back before 8pm, but still I couldn’t get
the chance to talk to him?

Of cause, he brings us out and sometimes cooks for us while he has a good
mood. I do remember how much good time we had before.

Sure, he never physically abuses us. But what he has done is very much hurt to
us. I suggested him that we had some problem in communication which caused
misunderstanding. I try to express that I am longing for a happy family life.
However, it doesn’t work.

…

His unusual behaviour raises up my worries. Can we still save our marriage?
How to make him happy about marriage? What if he wants to devoice me? Does he
have the responsible for rising up my son? If he moves out what legal response
can I do to protect us? What if he sell his house (It’s under his name)
without inform me, what can I do? How will the court divide his wealth? I sold
my house before come here and left the money for my mom. I don’t have anything
here. Do I have right to get any share of his wealth? Frankly, I am so tired
to think about all of these questions. But I have to prepare for anything
would happen to protect my son.

…

73 The tone of the email suggests that the wife was still clinging on to the
hope of saving her marriage as of 24 January 2011. In that light, while the
husband and the wife disagree on the extent to which the wife accommodated his
three children from his ex-marriage and the role she played in getting his new
job, I also find that the wife’s case is more probable and it is likely that
she had provided _some_ degree of support to the husband when he was in the
process of getting his new job, managed the household and was the primary
caregiver of her son. Recognition should be given to those efforts.

74 In dividing the assets, I also bear in mind the large sums received by the
wife from the husband during the course of their marriage and the fact that
the husband’s direct contribution to the matrimonial assets was far greater
than the wife’s direct contribution. I also note that she had obtained a
sizeable chunk of the matrimonial assets as a result of the DOS. In this
regard, _ACU v ACR_ [2011] 1 SLR 1235 (“ _ACU_ ”) is helpful as it contains
very similar facts to the case at hand.

75 That case concerned a marriage of seven years between a Singaporean male
and a Chinese wife. Where matrimonial asset division was concerned, the wife’s
case was that she had been a housewife studying part-time while the husband
worked full-time. The husband’s case was that he had transferred significant
sums of money to the wife’s family in China and paid substantial amounts to
finance her education. As there was cogent evidence from the husband
evidencing the money transfers (at [67]), Woo Bih Li J held that the wife had
received substantial monetary benefit from the marriage and spent a
substantial amount of her time studying. She was not making a full-time
contribution to the household and neither had she sacrificed her career for
the household. In the circumstances, Woo J rejected her claim for 40% of the
matrimonial flat. Instead, the flat was ordered to be sold and she was awarded
$14,000 from the sale proceeds (at [70]).

76 The facts are similar here. Like the wife in _ACU_ , it is apparent that
the wife here had received significant amounts of assistance from the husband
with respect to her education. For about three years of their marriage, the
wife had spent significant time studying for her degree as a full-time
student. Hence it is my view that while the wife might have made _some_
indirect contributions to the household by caring for the husband, taking care
of the household and being the primary caregiver for her son, it was not so
substantial that she should be awarded half of the rest of the matrimonial
assets as she had prayed for.

77 The wife in her submissions also urged the court to draw an adverse
inference against the husband as he was not forthcoming in the discovery and
interrogatories. She based it primarily on the cash balance that he should
have had in his bank accounts and the income he earned.[note: 65] However as I
find that (a) the husband had fully declared the balance in his bank accounts
and (b) the wife’s reliance on the husband’s income level was only an
“exemplary calculation to show to the Court that the [husband] has unaccounted
monies”,[note: 66] there is insufficient evidence to warrant the drawing of an
adverse inference against the husband.

78 In the circumstances, I award the wife 8% of the rest of the matrimonial
assets, which amounts to $68,216.38. The sum is just and equitable in light of
the substantial amount she had already obtained from the Aston Mansion sale
and the financing of her tertiary education by the husband.

Conclusion

79 For the above reasons, I find that the husband had entered into the DOS
willingly. He was certainly not coerced by the wife to sign the DOS in the
presence of his lawyer and it is just and equitable to uphold the DOS.
However, the DOS did not cover all their matrimonial assets and in granting
the wife 8% of the rest of the matrimonial assets, I had regard to the binding
DOS and the items it considered as one of the factors in determining what
would be a just and equitable division.

* * *

[note: 1]NE 8/10/2014 at p 2.

[note: 2]NE 8/10/2014 at p 3.

[note: 3]Pf’s bundle of affidavits for ancillary hearing (Part 1) (“PBOAH1”)
at Tab 1, p 1.

[note: 4]Pf’s submission at para 2.

[note: 5]PBOAH1 at Tab 2, pp 1–2.

[note: 6]PBOAH1 at Tab 5, p 2.

[note: 7]PBOAH1 at Tab 5, p 10.

[note: 8]PBOAH1 at Tab 3, paras 10–11.

[note: 9]PBOAH1 at Tab 2, pp 35–36.

[note: 10]Df’s written submissions at para 7.

[note: 11]Df’s written submissions at para 8.

[note: 12]Pf’s written submissions at para 22.

[note: 13]PBOAH1 at Tab 2, p 9.

[note: 14]PBOAH1 at Tab 2, p 10.

[note: 15]PBOAH1 at Tab 2, p 11.

[note: 16]Pf’s written submissions at para 23.

[note: 17]Pf’s written submissions at para 24.

[note: 18]Pf’s written submissions at para 26.

[note: 19]Pf’s written submissions at p 5.

[note: 20]Pf’s written submissions at para 92.

[note: 21]Df’s written submissions at para 12.

[note: 22]Df’s written submissions at para 12.

[note: 23]Df’s written submissions at para 12.

[note: 24]Df’s written submissions at para 35b.

[note: 25]Df’s written submissions at para 20.

[note: 26]Df’s written submissions at para 35c.

[note: 27]Df’s written submissions at para 33.

[note: 28]PBOAH1 at Tab 2, p 1, para 2.

[note: 29]PBOAH1 at Tab 2, p 2, para 5.

[note: 30]PBOAH1 at Tab 2, p 4.

[note: 31]PBOAH1 at Tab 2, p 23.

[note: 32]PBOAH1 at Tab 2, p 24.

[note: 33]PBOAH1 at Tab 2, p 23.

[note: 34]PBOAH1 at Tab 5, p 11.

[note: 35]Df’s written submissions at p 14; pf’s written submissions at p 30.

[note: 36]Df’s written submissions at p 14; pf’s written submissions at p 30.

[note: 37]Df’s written submissions at p 15; pf’s written submissions at p 30.

[note: 38]Pf’s affidavit filed 4/6/2013 at pp 68 & 95; pf’s affidavit filed
20/1/2014 at p 7; pf’s affidavit filed 2/12/2013 at pp 73 & 114.

[note: 39]BOD at Tab 8 at p 4.

[note: 40]Df’s written submissions at p 15; pf’s written submissions at p 30.

[note: 41]BOD at Tab 10 at p 5.

[note: 42]BOD at Tab 10 at p 6.

[note: 43]Df’s written submissions at p 15; pf’s written submissions at p 30.

[note: 44] BOD at Tab 10 at p 6.

[note: 45]Df’s written submissions at pp 17–18.

[note: 46]Defendant’s Bundle of Affidavits (“Df’s BOA”) at Tab 5, paras
108–109.

[note: 47]BOD at Tab 7, p 4.

[note: 48]BOD at Tab 7, p 6.

[note: 49]Df’s BOA at pp 331–332; BOD at Tab 7, p 4.

[note: 50]Df’s BOA at p 331.

[note: 51]Df’s BOA at p 242.

[note: 52]PBOAH1 at Tab 2, pp 4 and 36.

[note: 53]Df’s BOA at pp 168 and 195.

[note: 54]Df’s written submissions at para 42.

[note: 55]Df’s further written submissions at para 5.

[note: 56]Df’s further written submissions at para 7.

[note: 57]Df’s further written submissions at para 8.

[note: 58]Df’s further written submissions at para 10.

[note: 59]Pf’s further written submissions at para 8.

[note: 60]PBOAH1 at Tab 3, p 60.

[note: 61]PBOAH2 at Tab 7, pp 22–24.

[note: 62]PBOAH2 at Tab 7, p 46.

[note: 63]PBOAH1 at Tab 3, p 59.

[note: 64]PBOAH1 at Tab 3, p 85.

[note: 65]Df’s BOA at pp 312–313 and 384–387.

[note: 66]Df’s BOA at p 388.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Nov 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

