Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tavica Design Pte Ltd (now known as Crescendas Pte Ltd) _v_ Win-Win
Aluminium Systems Pte Ltd  
[2014] SGHC 85

Case Number| :| Companies Winding-up No 94 of 2010; Summons No 607 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chin Li Yuen Marina and Kang Zhi Ni (Tan Kok Quan
Partnership) for the plaintiff; Irving Choh and Lim Bee Li (Optimus Chambers
LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tavica Design Pte Ltd (now known as Crescendas Pte Ltd) — Win-Win
Aluminium Systems Pte Ltd  
  
23 April 2014|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Procedural History

1 The Plaintiff is Tavica Design Pte Ltd (now known as Crescendas Ptd Ltd)
(“Tavica”). It was the Main Contractor for an industrial building project
located at Ubi Avenue 1 (“the project”). The Developer of the project was
Excalibur Land (S) Pte Ltd (“Excalibur Land”), a company closely related to
Tavica. Excalibur Land and Tavica are managed and controlled by 2 brothers,
Michael Leow and Lawrence Leow. The defendant is Win-Win Aluminium Systems Pte
Ltd (“Win-Win”). It was engaged as a subcontractor for the design, supply and
installation of aluminium cladding, glazing and curtain walls for the
building. It is now a dormant company.

2 Win-Win claimed that throughout the course of the project, its claims were
underpaid and there were numerous delays from extensive variation works. Win-
Win commenced arbitration proceedings against Tavica on 12 February 2001
claiming some $1.813 million from Tavica. In October 2008, Tavica applied to
bifurcate the proceedings to deal with some distinct issues. In an attempt to
move the proceedings forward, the arbitrator issued directions on 17 October
2008 to bifurcate the proceedings.

3 On 19 May 2009, more than 8 years after the arbitration commenced, an
Interim Award on the bifurcated issues was issued in favour of Tavica (“the
Interim Award”).[note: 1] The arbitrator attributed the delay to the following
reasons:

(a) In the 8 years since the commencement of the arbitration, Win-Win changed
solicitors five times, often shortly before the hearing was scheduled to
commence and with a request to vacate the hearing dates.

(b) From October 2002 to November 2003, arbitration proceedings were adjourned
at Win-Win’s request so that parties could have an opportunity to reach a
settlement. Then between March 2004 and March 2007, the proceedings were again
adjourned at Win-Win’s request to give the parties another opportunity to
narrow the issues with a view to reaching a settlement.

4 After issuing the Interim Award in favour of Tavica, the arbitrator invited
the parties to make submissions on whether there were any reasons why costs
should not follow the event. In its submissions dated 30 June 2009, Win-Win
argued that the issue of costs should be dealt with at the conclusion of the
whole arbitration.[note: 2] The arbitrator was not persuaded by Win-Win’s
submissions. He issued a Costs Award in favour of Tavica on 30 July 2009 (“the
Costs Award”). [note: 3]

5 Win-Win was dissatisfied with the arbitrator’s decisions. It filed
Originating Summons No 687 of 2009/T and Originating Summons No 940 of 2009/L
seeking leave to appeal against the Interim Award and the Costs Award
respectively. The applications were dismissed with costs on 2 October 2009 and
30 November 2009 by Judicial Commissioner Quentin Loh (as he then was) and
Justice Belinda Ang (“Ang J”) respectively. Win-Win persisted in challenging
the Costs Award and sought leave to appeal against Ang J’s order. On 10
February 2010, Ang J dismissed with costs Win-Win’s application for leave to
file an appeal. On 19 February 2010, Win-Win filed an application to the Court
of Appeal for leave to appeal against Ang J’s order. On 31 March 2010, Win-Win
gave notice to withdraw this application. The Court of Appeal ordered costs
against Win-Win.

6 With the Costs Award upheld, Tavica proceeded to tax a bill of costs in the
High Court on 6 April 2010 and was awarded S$240,650.95 (“the Debt”). Win-Win
sought a review of the taxation. Its application for a review was dismissed
with costs by Judicial Commissioner Philip Pillai (as he then was) on 6 May
2010.

7 On 7 April 2010, Tavica served a statutory demand on Win-Win demanding
payment of the Debt. Win-Win did not make any payment. On 4 June 2010, Tavica
filed Companies Winding-up No 94 of 2010/D seeking to wind-up Win-Win (“the
Winding-up Application”).

8 On 4 August 2010, Win-Win filed Originating Summons No 803 of 2010/N
pursuant to section 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Companies Act”) seeking an order to convene a meeting of creditors for the
purposes of considering and approving, with or without modifications, a
proposed scheme of arrangement (“Scheme Application”). It also sought a
consequential order that “all present, pending or contingent actions or
proceedings at the date of the order made herein, including but not limited to
winding up proceedings…be restrained or stayed except with leave of court”. I
heard the Scheme Application on 17 August 2010 and ordered the Scheme
Application to be adjourned to be heard together with the Winding-up
Application subject to the condition that Win-Win provide security to the
satisfaction of Tavica or pay Tavica the amount in issue in the Winding-up
Application.[note: 4] Win-Win appealed against this condition but subsequently
allowed the appeal to be deemed withdrawn.[note: 5]

9 The Scheme Application was scheduled to be heard together with the Winding-
up Application on 23 February 2011. At the said hearing, Win-Win withdrew the
Scheme Application. It was ordered to pay costs. At the same hearing, Win-Win
sought an adjournment of the Winding-up Application pending the outcome of
Suit No 13 of 2006/E (which was subsequently transferred to the then
Subordinate Courts as DC Suit No 829 of 2011/X) (“DC Suit 829”) and the
outcome of Civil Appeal No 57 of 2010/Y (“CA 57/2010”). In DC Suit 829, Win-
Win sued Loh Kum Yin (also known as William Loh (“Loh”)), its ex-general
manager, for breach of fiduciary duties relating to a matter that was closely
related to the bifurcated issues determined by the arbitrator. CA 57/2010
involved an appeal by Win-Win against a judgment entered without trial on 17
March 2010 by Excalibur Land against Win-Win and Leck Kim Koon (a director and
the main shareholder of Win-Win who stood as guarantor for amounts due from
Win-Win to Excalibur under a sale and purchase agreement) in Suit No 538 of
2001 (“Suit 538”). In that suit, Justice Kan Ting Chiu (“Kan J”) accepted the
findings of fact of the arbitrator in the Interim Award and gave judgment for
Excalibur Land. Win-Win’s position was that the judgment should be set aside
and a trial ordered.

10 Win-Win argued that the outcome of DC Suit 829 would have an impact on the
Interim Award and hence an impact on the Winding-up Application. It argued
that Loh had committed perjury in his affidavit dated 6 November 2001 that he
filed in Suit 538. Win-Win argued that the perjury became evident after Loh
filed an affidavit dated 24 January 2007 in DC Suit 829 which contradicted his
earlier position. Win-Win further alleged that the affidavits filed by
Lawrence Leow and Michael Leow in Suit 538, both dated 12 November 2001, were
based on Loh’s affidavit and repeated _verbatim_ the paragraph where Loh
allegedly perjured. Win-Win pointed out that the affidavits that Lawrence Leow
and Michael Leow filed in the arbitration proceedings were premised on the
affidavits that they had filed in Suit 538 and hence also contained false
evidence. Win-Win highlighted that the arbitrator referred to these affidavits
in coming to his decision concerning the bifurcated issues. Win-Win maintained
that DC Suit 829 would expose Loh’s perjury which would then form a basis to
set aside the Interim Award and the Costs Award. Win-Win also argued that if
it was wound-up, its appeal in CA 57/2010 on the ground, among others, that
judgement should not have been entered without trial because Excalibur Land
had relied on perjured evidence in Suit 538 would be stymied. Therefore it
sought an adjournment of the Winding-up Application pending the outcome of DC
Suit 829 as well as CA 57/2010.

11 I ordered the Winding-up Application to be adjourned pending the outcome of
DC Suit 829. On 1 June 2011, the Court ordered that the Winding-up Application
be stayed pending the outcome of DC Suit 829 as well as CA 57/2010.[note: 6]

12 On 28 July 2011, CA 57/2010 was allowed. Kan J’s judgment was set aside and
the case proceeded to trial. On 18 May 2012, Win-Win’s claim against William
Loh in DC Suit 829 was dismissed. Win-Win filed a Notice of Appeal on 25 May
2012.[note: 7]

13 In a letter to the Court dated 10 September 2012, Tavica’s solicitors
requested that the Winding-up Application be heard notwithstanding the Notice
of Appeal filed against the decision in DC Suit 829.[note: 8] By a letter
dated 13 September 2012, the Court fixed the hearing of the Winding-up
Application for 9 October 2012. However, Win-Win’s solicitors wrote to the
Court in a letter dated 27 September 2012 requesting the Winding-up
Application to be adjourned again pending the outcome of the appeal in DC Suit
829 (eventually, Win-Win did not proceed with this appeal) and the outcome of
Suit 538.[note: 9] By a letter dated 2 October 2012, the Court adjourned the
Winding-up Application to be heard after the trial in Suit 538 was disposed
of.[note: 10]

14 The trial in Suit 538 was conducted over a number of days in October to
December 2012 before Justice Lai Siu Chiu (“Lai J”). Win-Win called Loh as a
witness. The issue of the inconsistency in Loh’s affidavits was canvassed
before Lai J. Judgment was delivered on 22 May 2013. Excalibur’s claim against
Win-Win and Leck Kim Koon was allowed. In her judgment, Lai J noted that on
cross-examination by counsel for Excalibur Land, Loh stated that the first
affidavit that he filed in that suit wherein he had allegedly perjured was
“correct” and that it “did not differ much from his affidavit filed in [DC
Suit 829]”: _Excalibur Land (S) Pte Ltd v Win-Win Aluminium Systems Pte Ltd
and another_ [2013] SGHC 112 at [85]. The Judge observed that Loh came across
as “truthful and candid” (at [124]) and that based on the principle in _Browne
v Dunn_ (1893) 6 R 67, the evidence Loh had given in cross-examination
remained intact because he had not been re-examined by Win-Win’s counsel (at
[127]). Notwithstanding the allegations that Tavica had relied on false
evidence in the arbitration proceedings, Lai J also held that Win-Win was
bound by Interim Award (at [121]). In essence it appears that Lai J accepted
Loh’s position that he had not given contradictory evidence in the two
proceedings.

15 Win-Win filed Civil Appeal No 62 of 2013 (“CA 62/2013”) against Lai J’s
judgment. One of its grounds of appeal was that Lai J should not have relied
on Loh’s testimony because it was tainted by perjury. Win-Win further argued
that Lai J should not have relied on the arbitrator’s findings of fact in the
Interim Award since that decision was procured through perjury as well.

16 In the interim, Win-Win’s solicitors wrote a letter dated 3 June 2013 to
the Court requesting yet another adjournment of the Winding-up Application
pending the outcome of CA 62/2013.[note: 11] The court acceded to the request
on 18 June 2013.[note: 12]

17 On 29 November 2013, the appeal against Lai J’s judgment was dismissed with
costs. No written judgment was issued by the Court of Appeal. Tavica’s
solicitors then wrote to the Court on 3 December 2013 to restore the Winding-
up Application. The hearing was fixed for 29 January 2014[note: 13] and
subsequently re-fixed for 7 February 2014[note: 14]. On 29 January 2014, Win-
Win filed Originating Summons No 87 of 2014 (“OS 87/2014”) seeking to have the
Interim Award “set aside pursuant to Section 48(1)(a)(vi) of the Arbitration
Act (Cap 10) on the grounds that the Interim Award was induced and/or affected
by fraud”.

18 On 3 February 2014, Win-Win changed its solicitors.[note: 15] Win-Win’s
newly appointed solicitors wrote to the Court on 3 and 4 February 2014 seeking
another adjournment of the Winding-up Application on the grounds that they
were seeking in OS 87/2014 to set aside the Interim Award that formed the
basis of the Winding-up Application and that they had just been instructed on
the matter and needed time to study the matter.[note: 16] The Court responded
on 4 February 2014 refusing to accede to Win-Win’s request.[note: 17] On the
same day, Win-Win filed Summons No 607 of 2014 (Sum 607/2014) to stay the
Winding-up Application pending the hearing of OS 87/2014.

19 The Winding-up Application and Sum 607/2014 came before me on 7 February
2014. Win-Win’s solicitors requested another adjournment. I granted a two-week
adjournment as a final indulgence to Win-Win’s newly appointed solicitors.

20 On 21 February 2014, I heard the parties on the merits of the Winding-up
Application and Sum 607/2014. I dismissed Sum 607/2014 and granted the orders
sought in the Winding-up Application.

Parties’ Submissions

21 Tavica argued that the Court should exercise its discretion pursuant to
section 254(1)(e) of the Companies Act to wind-up Win-Win. It argued that Win-
Win had exhausted all avenues of avoiding and challenging the Debt.[note: 18]
It pointed out that Win-Win is presumed insolvent under section 254(2)(a) of
the Companies Act (Cap 50, Rev Ed 2006) because it had neglected to pay the
Debt or to secure or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of Tavica
after being served the Statutory Demand on 7 April 2010.[note: 19] Tavica
acknowledged that the Court had the discretion not to order winding-up.[note:
20] However, it argued that Win-Win should be wound-up because it was a
dormant company and no prejudice would be caused by the winding-up
order.[note: 21] Additionally, since Win-Win was dormant, there was no other
way that Tavica could enforce payment of the Debt.[note: 22]

22 Win-Win argued that the Winding-up Application should be stayed because the
Debt was disputed on substantial grounds. It argued that the Interim Award
that formed the basis of the Debt was “induced and/or affected by fraud” (_ie_
the alleged perjury of Loh).[note: 23] It contended that this raised triable
issues of fact and that it would not be possible to determine these issues on
affidavit evidence alone without cross-examination. It pointed out that it had
commenced OS 87/2014 in order to challenge the Interim Award.[note: 24] It
contended that given the circumstances, the Winding-up Application was in fact
an attempt to enforce payment of a disputed debt which amounted to an abuse of
the process of the court.[note: 25] Therefore it argued that the Winding-up
Application should be stayed.

The Court’s Decision

23 The issue of the alleged perjury by Loh, which forms the basis for Win-
Win’s allegation that the Debt is disputed, has been ventilated thoroughly in
the trial in Suit 538 and in the subsequent appeal against Lai J’s decision.
It was alleged at trial that Loh had committed perjury in his affidavit dated
6 November 2001 that he filed in Suit 538. Win-Win had argued that the
evidence that he gave in DC Suit 829 contradicted his earlier evidence and
that this showed that he had falsified his earlier evidence (that purportedly
formed the basis for the arbitrator’s Interim Award). Win-Win had also argued
that the Interim Award was therefore procured through perjury. However, as
mentioned at [14] above, Lai J accepted Loh’s testimony that the evidence that
he had given in the two proceedings was not contradictory and she also held
that Win-Win was bound by the Interim Award. Win-Win’s appeal against Lai J’s
decision on the ground that she should not have relied on Loh’s testimony
because it was tainted with perjury as well as the contention that she should
not have relied on the arbitrator’s findings of fact in the Interim Award
since that decision was equally procured through perjury has already been
dismissed. Therefore it is clear that Win-Win has been unsuccessful in its
allegations that Loh committed perjury. This issue is now _res judicata_ and
Win-Win is precluded from raising it again, even though it is now being raised
against a different party (that is, Tavica instead of Excalibur Land).

24 In _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453, the Court
observed:

(a) The umbrella doctrine of _res judicata_ encompasses three conceptually
different though interrelated principles:

(i) Cause of action estoppel which prevents a party from asserting or denying
as against the other party, the existence of a particular cause of action, the
non-existence or existence of which had been determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction in previous litigation between the same parties: at
[17]

(ii) Issue estoppel which prevents a party from inviting further consideration
of an issue that had been determined as an essential step in the reasoning of
a previous decision. To establish issue estoppel, there must be a final and
conclusive judgment on merits from a court of competent jurisdiction; there
must be identity between the parties to the two actions that are being
compared; and there must be an identity of subject matter in the two
proceedings: at [18] and [26]

(iii) Defence of abuse of process (also known as the extended doctrine of _res
judicata_) which does not operate as an absolute bar to re-litigation but
rather when it is invoked, requires the court to draw the balance between the
competing claims of one party to put his case before the court and of the
other not to be unjustly hounded given the earlier history of the matter. A
party can rely on the abuse of process defence even when the parties involved
in the proceedings are not identical: at [19] to [24]

(b) Where the issue had in fact been directly covered by the earlier decision,
it would be caught either by cause of action estoppel or issue estoppel. As
one moves further away from what was directly covered by the earlier decision,
then the defence of abuse of process is the relevant doctrine rather than
issue estoppel. Thus where the issue ought to have been raised and was not, it
could nonetheless amount to an abuse of process subsequently to litigate that
same issue: at [41]

(c) Whether there was an abuse of process depended on all the circumstances of
the case, including: (a) whether the later proceedings in substance was
nothing more than a collateral attack upon the previous decision; (b) whether
there was fresh evidence that warranted re-litigation; (c) whether there were
_bona fide_ reasons why an issue that ought to have been raised in the earlier
action was not; and (d) whether there were some other special circumstances
that justified allowing the case to proceed: at [53].

As noted by the Court in the above case, the extended doctrine of _res
judicata_ has been accepted by the Court of Appeal in _Lee Hiok Tng v Lee Hiok
Tng_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 771 and in _Lai Swee Lin Linda v AG_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 565.

25 The extended doctrine of _res judicata_ was recently applied by Justice
Vinodh Coomaraswamy in _Then Khek Koon and another v Arjun Permanand Samtani
and another and other suits_ [2014] 1 SLR 245. The Judge said (at [99] to
[100]):

99 The extended doctrine of _res judicata_ precludes, as an abuse of process,
a party from pursuing a claim or a defence for the purpose of mounting a
collateral attack upon a final decision made by a court of competent
jurisdiction in earlier proceedings when that party had the full opportunity
to contest the decision in the earlier proceedings…

100 The extended doctrine of _res judicata_ does not require that the parties
to both suits be the same. That must be so: the whole point of the extended
doctrine of _res judicata_ is to avoid an unnecessary and undesirable
proliferation of proceedings relating to the same subject matter…To hold
otherwise would allow a plaintiff with a cause of action against a number of
severally-liable defendants to bring successive separate actions against each
defendant until he got the desired result. To permit that would lead to a
multiplicity of proceedings, the possibility of inconsistent findings of fact
and would fail to achieve finality in litigation.

26 In my view, the extended doctrine of _res judicata_ operates to prevent
Win-Win from raising the issue of the alleged perjury by Loh again in the
present proceedings. It is clear that this issue has been thoroughly canvassed
before both the High Court and Court of Appeal. I accept Tavica’s submissions
that the issue of perjury has been laid to rest.[note: 26] Win-Win’s present
reliance on the alleged perjury to establish its case that the Debt is
disputed is an attempt to resurrect what is already no longer alive and to
thwart Tavica’s efforts to recover the Debt which has been due and owing since
6 April 2010. It also amounts to a collateral attack on the Interim Award
which was explicitly accepted by the High Court (in Suit 538) and by
implication by the Court of Appeal (in CA 62/2013).

27 Win-Win’s long war over the Debt is baffling. It must have expended costs
close to or even exceeding the amount of the Debt (of about $240,000) in its
many legal battles to avoid paying the Debt. It professes that it still wants
to pursue its claim of about $1.8m in arbitration and that the Winding-up
Application is an attempt to stifle its claim. Yet it is adamant about not
paying the Debt thereby stalling the arbitration proceedings by its own
conduct. Win-Win has also not alleged that Tavica would be unable to pay back
the amount of the Debt should Win-Win finally succeed in the arbitration. As
counsel for Win-Win candidly accepted, it is not a case of being unable to pay
but one of being unwilling or “not happy” to pay. Such unwillingness to pay a
debt that is due, long after service of a statutory demand (see [7] above),
satisfies the requirement in s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act that Win-Win
“has for 3 weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to secure or compound
for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor”. Win-Win is therefore
deemed to unable to pay its debts within s 254(1)(e) of the Companies Act.

28 For completeness, I should also mention that there was another application
placed before the Court on 21 February 2014. This was Summons No. 918 of 2014
filed one day before the hearing by Acme Tech Design Pte Ltd (“Acme”), a
purported creditor and related party of Win-Win, for two other persons to be
appointed as joint and several liquidators (in addition to the two proposed by
Tavica) in the event that a winding-up order was made by the Court. No
solicitors were appointed by Acme to make the application in Court. There was
also no objection made against the liquidators proposed by Tavica and I
therefore saw no reason to appoint another two liquidators. I dismissed Acme’s
application.

29 Accordingly, I dismissed Sum 607/2014 (for stay of winding-up) and ordered
Win-Win to be wound-up. The two liquidators proposed by Tavica were appointed.
I also ordered Win-Win to pay Tavica costs of $15,000 for the Winding-up
Application up to the present stage of proceedings.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Document (“PBD”), 192 – 233

[note: 2]PBD, 258 – 263

[note: 3]PBD, 279 – 283

[note: 4]PBD, 297 – 304

[note: 5]PBD, 305 – 308

[note: 6]PBD, 407

[note: 7]PBD, 410

[note: 8]PBD, 411 – 412

[note: 9]PBD, 414 – 415

[note: 10]PBD, 420

[note: 11]PBD, 422 - 423

[note: 12]PBD, 430 – 431

[note: 13]PBD, 433 – 434

[note: 14]PBD, 435 - 436

[note: 15]Plaintiff’s 2nd Bundle of Documents, 3 – 4

[note: 16]Plaintiff’s 2nd Bundle of Documents, 2 and 9

[note: 17]Plaintiff’s 2nd Bundle of Documents, 5 – 6

[note: 18]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 5 February 2014, paras 24 – 28

[note: 19]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 5 February 2014, para 99

[note: 20]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 5 February 2014, para 101

[note: 21]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 5 February 2014, paras 109 –
110

[note: 22]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 5 February 2014, para 108

[note: 23]Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 20February 2014, para 17

[note: 24]Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 20February 2014, para 20

[note: 25]Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 20February 2014, para 25

[note: 26]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 5 February 2014, paras 20 and
23

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

