Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Ong Gim Hoo  
[2014] SGHC 60

Case Number| :| Criminal Revision No 3 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Yanying (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
applicant; Patrick Chin (Chin Patrick & Co) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Ong Gim Hoo  
  
4 April 2014| Judgment Reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The respondent in this Criminal Revision was charged with four charges (DAC
31609 of 2013 to DAC 31612 of 2013) for offences under the Customs Act (Cap
70, 2004 Rev Ed) (“CA”). Proceedings with respect to these four charges are
currently underway before the State Courts. The respondent is currently on
bail, and his matter is scheduled for a Pre-Trial Conference on 28 March 2014.

2 The applicant brings this Criminal Revision, however, to “amend two
convictions” recorded against the respondent in 2012. For the purpose of this
judgment, when I use the term “amend convictions” I refer to the process of
setting aside a recorded conviction, framing an altered charge, and
subsequently convicting the individual on the altered charge. I will discuss
the complexities inherent in such a process below at [4]. In 2012, the
respondent pleaded guilty to two charges of “[o]ffences in relation to
possession, storage, conveying and harbouring of goods” under s 128I of the
CA. These were charges DAC 33656/2012 and DAC 33689/2012. I set out the
charges below to show the exact amendment sought. The first charge, DAC
33656/2012, read:

You, **_ONG GIM HOO_****, [xxx], Male, 61 Years Old, DOB: 02/10/1950,
SINGAPOREAN** ,

are charged that you, on or about the 14th day of September 2012, at about
2.20pm, at Motorcycle Lot 28, Infront of Block 124 Ang Mo Kio Ave 6,
Singapore, were concerned in dealing with uncustomed goods, to wit, 1packet x
1 stick, 15 packets x 20 sticks of Malboro Brand and 4 packets x 16 sticks of
Gudang Garam Surya Kretek duty unpaid cigarettes, weighing **_0.429_**
kilogrammes, on which excise duty of ** _$151.01_** was not paid, with intent
to defraud the Government of the excise duty thereon, and you have thereby
committed an offence under section 128I(b) of the Customs Act, Cap 70,
punishable under Section 128(L)(2) of the same Act. [_sic_]

The second charge, DAC 33689/2012, read:

You, **_ONG GIM HOO_****, [xxx], Male, 61 Years Old, DOB: 02/10/1950,
SINGAPOREAN** ,

are charged that you, on or about the 14th day of September 2012, at about
2.20pm, at Motorcycle Lot 28, Infront of Block 124 Ang Mo Kio Ave 6,
Singapore, were concerned in dealing with uncustomed goods, to wit, 1packet x
1 stick, 15 packets x 20 sticks of Malboro Brand and 4 packets x 16 sticks of
Gudang Garam Surya Kretek duty unpaid cigarettes, weighing **_0.429_**
kilogrammes, valued at **_S$197.91_** , on which the Goods And Services Tax of
**_$13.85_** , was not paid, with intent to defraud the Government of the tax
thereon, and you have thereby, by virtue of section 27 and 77 of the Goods and
Services Tax Act (Cap 117A), paragraph 3 of Goods and Services Tax
(Application of Legislation Relating to Customs & Excise Duties) Order (Cap
117A, Order 4) and paragraph 2 of the Goods and Services (Application of
Customs Act) (Provisions on Trials, Proceedings, Offences and Penalties )
Order (Cap 117A, Order 5), committed an offence under section 128I(b) of the
Customs Act punishable under section 128L(2) of the same Act. [_sic_]

3 The respondent should have been charged under s 128I(1)(_b_), but the
offence in the charge was framed instead as s 128I(b). The Customs Act that
was in force at the time the offence was committed, 14 September 2012,
labelled the offence as s 128I(1)(_b_). The applicant seeks to amend these
previous convictions so that the respondent will be liable for the enhanced
punishment prescribed in s 128L(5) if convicted on any of the present four
charges which he faces. I dismiss the application for the reasons which I
shall subsequently elaborate on. I first highlight the procedure behind
Criminal Revision before discussing relevant cases on “amending convictions”.

4 The relevant statutory provision for Criminal Revision is found in s 401 of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). As the convictions
sought to be revised in this case involved charges that were laid after 31
August 2012, the 2012 Revised Edition is the relevant edition of the Criminal
Procedure Code that the court should be concerned with. Section 401 reads:

**Powers of High Court on revision**

**401.** —(1) On examining a record under revision in this Division, the High
Court may direct the lower court to make further inquiry into a complaint
which has been dismissed under section 152 or into the case of an accused who
has been discharged.

(2)The High Court may in any case, the record of proceedings of which has been
called for by itself or which otherwise comes to its knowledge, in its
discretion exercise any of the powers given by sections 383, 389, 390 and 392.

(3)The High Court may not proceed under subsection (1) or (2) without first
giving the parties adversely affected by the High Court so proceeding an
opportunity of being heard either personally or by advocate.

(4)This section does not authorise the High Court to convert an acquittal into
a conviction.

By s 401(2), the High Court may exercise the powers given by s 390 of the CPC
during Criminal Revision. Of relevance to this application, the applicant asks
this court to invoke three of its powers under s 390. These are

(i) first, to set aside the respondent’s two 2012 convictions, notwithstanding
that they arose from pleas of guilty, which is provided for in s 390(3)(_a_)
of the CPC;

(ii) second, to frame two altered charges that correspond to DAC 33656/2012
and DAC 33689/2012, with the exception that “section 128I(b)” is changed to
“section 128I(1)(_b_)” in either charge, which is provided for in section
390(4) of the CPC; and

(iii) third, to _convict_ the respondent on both altered charges.

5 It will be obvious that a leap between the applications in [4(ii)] and
[4(iii)] was being attempted here. Although this court is indeed empowered to
set aside previous convictions and frame altered charges, when altered charges
are framed, the court _must_ ask the respondent if he intends to offer a
defence, as required under s 390(6). It is only where the respondent indicates
that he does not intend to offer a defence, and if the court finds that there
is sufficient evidence based on the records before it to convict, that the
court can convict the respondent on the altered charges (see s 390(8)(_a_)).
Another option available, after setting aside the previous conviction and
framing the altered charges, is for the court to order the respondent to be
tried on the altered charges (see s 390(8)(_b_)). Of course, complexities
might arise should the respondent indicate that he wishes to offer a defence
(see s 390(7)). As such, while the errors made in the framing of the charges
in DAC 33656/2012 and DAC 33689/2012 may have been “technical” in nature, the
process of “amending convictions” in Criminal Revision is far from a merely
technical exercise.

6 To illustrate, should I wish to allow the application in this case, the
respondent would be entitled to offer a defence. If he indicates that he
wishes to do so, this Criminal Revision may lead to a full trial. It is not
simply a case of “tweaking” the respondent’s criminal record.

7 For clarity, I also wish to point out that once an accused person has been
convicted on a charge, the charge is spent. In such cases where convictions
have been recorded against an individual, the only procedure open to the High
Court on Criminal Revision is what I have stated in [3] and [4]. It is
practically and doctrinally impossible for the High Court to simply amend the
charges from which the convictions arose.

8 Having discussed the complexities inherent in the process of “amending
convictions”, I come now to two recent decisions on point. These are
_Bhavashbhai s/o Baboobhai v PP_ [2014] SGHC 46 (“ _Bhavashbhai_ ”) and _PP v
Shaik Alaudeen s/o Hasan Bashar_ [2013] 2 SLR 538 (“ _Shaik_ ”). Both cases
involved applications to amend previous convictions. In _Bhavashbhai_ , the
application was brought by the accused. When he brought his application before
me, he was facing ongoing proceedings in relation to a charge for consumption
of a specified drug. In parlance familiar to the courts and parties in
criminal proceedings alike, he was facing an “LT-2” charge. “LT” stands for
“Long Term”. If convicted, he faced a minimum of 7 years’ imprisonment (see
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) s 33A(2)). An LT-2
conviction can only be recorded if the court is satisfied that the accused
had, on record, a previous “LT-1” conviction. In _Bhavashbhai_ , the applicant
applied to the court to set aside – or amend – the LT-1 conviction he had on
his criminal record, in a bid to escape conviction on the LT-2 charge he faced
at the time of application. Counsel argued that the underlying LT-1 conviction
should have been set aside, or amended, because it was erroneous. An LT-1
conviction can be recorded if the accused had, on record, not less than one
previous admission to a drug rehabilitation centre and one previous conviction
for consumption of a _specified_ drug (see MDA s 33A(1)(_d_)). Counsel for the
applicant argued that the previous conviction on which the LT-1 charge was
premised was for consumption of a _controlled_ drug. On that basis, counsel
for the applicant sought to unravel the applicant’s history of drug
consumption. I held there that to allow the application would have been to
allow the applicant to evade justice. I hence disallowed the application to
amend the LT-1 conviction.

9 In _Shaik_ , I dealt with an application brought by the prosecution. The
accused there was facing six LT-1 charges in ongoing proceedings at the time
of the application. In the midst of the proceedings, it was discovered that
one of the accused’s previous convictions for consumption of morphine was
worded as consumption of a _controlled_ drug, when it should have been – as
the prosecution argued – consumption of a _specified_ drug. Had I allowed the
application in that case, the accused would have been liable to punishment on
the LT-1 scale (a minimum sentence of 5 years’ imprisonment on each of the six
charges) if convicted in the ongoing proceedings. I held, in that case, that
to amend the accused’s previous conviction would have been to his prejudice,
and hence dismissed the application. The LT-1 charges were subsequently framed
as charges of consumption of controlled drugs with enhanced punishment
(attracting a lower minimum sentence of 3 years’ imprisonment on each charge).
The accused pleaded guilty to three of the charges as part of an offer by the
prosecution (see _PP v Shaik Alaudeen s/o Hasan Bashar_ [2013] SGDC 159).

10 Both _Shaik_ and _Bhavashbhai_ dealt with applications under the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC 1985”). The Criminal Revision
provisions in the CPC 1985, namely ss 256 and 269, generally corresponded to
ss 390 and 401(2) of the CPC. More importantly, I find that the principles
enunciated in the two cases continue to ring true, notwithstanding the
differences in wording between the provisions of the CPC 1985 and the CPC.
Sections 390 and 401(2) of the CPC provide the accused person a chance to
defend himself against a newly framed charge. A revision should not be made
when prejudice would be caused to the accused.

11 Had the accused in _Bhavashbhai_ sought to peruse his criminal records in
the midst of, or even prior to, his LT-2 proceedings, he would have understood
that he had a recorded LT-1 conviction, and was hence liable to punishment on
an LT-2 scale should he reoffend. Had he been troubled with the basis of the
LT-1 conviction, namely the word “controlled” rather than “specified” in his
previous conviction, he would have brought it up when convicted of the LT-1
offence. He did not. It hence cannot be said that he was caught by surprise
when he then faced an LT-2 charge, and it cannot be said that prejudice would
have been caused to him by refusing to amend, or set aside, the previous LT-1
conviction as he knew all along – and seemingly accepted – that he was liable
to punishment on an LT-2 scale should he reoffend. In _Shaik_ , if the accused
were to peruse his criminal records before his LT-1 proceedings, he would not
have thought that he was liable to be punished on an LT-1 scale. The LT-1
proceedings would have hence come as a surprise since his records would have
revealed that he did not have the requisite convictions to make out an LT-1
charge. To amend his convictions retrospectively would have caused him
prejudice. That said, there was nothing to prevent the trial judge, who dealt
with the accused in _Shaik_ , from recognising the previous conviction and,
notwithstanding that it was for consumption of a controlled – and not
specified – drug, impose a higher sentence on account of the accused’s
recidivism (albeit within the limits on sentence as mandated by statute).

12 In the present case, I dismiss the prosecution’s application because I am
of the view that it should not have been brought and not because I find that
the respondent should not now be liable to enhanced punishment. I make no
conclusive findings on the latter – his sentence is a matter for the trial
judge to decide. I need only to point out that a person’s liability to
enhanced punishment under the CA depends on the person having been previously
convicted of a “specified offence” (see s 128L(5)), which is defined in s
128L(7) as “an offence under section 128D, 128E, 128F, 128G, 128H, 128I, 128J
or 128K”. In this case, the respondent has, on record, at least two
convictions for offences under s 128I, albeit worded in such a way that the
requisite “(1)” is missing. Nevertheless, should the respondent have perused
his criminal record prior to the ongoing proceedings for the four subsequent
CA offences he is facing, he would likely have been aware that he would be
liable to enhanced punishment under s 128L(5) should he reoffend.

13 I say this is not a case where an application to amend the respondent’s
previous convictions should be brought because a Criminal Revision in this
case may lead to the complication of an otherwise simple matter. I acknowledge
that the mistakes pointed out by the prosecution seem to be of a technical
nature. Just as the missing “(1)” was highlighted as an issue with each of the
2012 charges, so too was the fact that the “(b)” was not italicised – when it
should have been. And that an outdated version of the Criminal Procedure Code
was referred to in either charge. But should these matters render the
corresponding 2012 convictions void and irrelevant for the purpose of enhanced
sentencing? I think not. This is a different situation from _Shaik_. It is
within the trial judge’s powers in the ongoing proceedings, which the
respondent faces, to determine whether the previous convictions should count
for the purpose of enhanced sentencing in the present proceedings, not least
given the wording of s 128L(7). If I should decide to set aside the
convictions and charge the respondent on reframed charges, and he should
decide to offer a defence, however, a disproportionate amount of resources may
have to be expended to resolve the matter. The application is therefore
dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

