Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ADJ _v_ ADK  
[2014] SGHC 92

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1109 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 May 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Plaintiff in person; Alice Tan (A C Fergusson Law
Corporation) for the Defendant.  
Parties| :|  ADJ — ADK  
  
5 May 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 Until 21 December 2011, ADJ, the plaintiff-husband herein was married to
ADK, the defendant-wife. On that date, an interim judgment for divorce was
made on an uncontested basis on the ground that the plaintiff had behaved in
such a way that the defendant could not reasonably be expected to live with
him. The plaintiff was not happy with this outcome. He filed an application
for the interim judgment to be rescinded. This application having failed, he
then appealed against the decision to the High Court. His appeal was heard by
Choo Han Teck J (“the Judge”) who dismissed it. Throughout the proceedings,
the plaintiff has acted in person.

2 By this originating summons, the plaintiff seeks leave of court to appeal to
the Court of Appeal against the decision of the Judge. The Judge’s reasons for
his decision are found in his written judgment identified as _AWN v AWO and
another appeal_ [2012] SGHC 228 (“the Judgment”).

3 The defendant resists this application on the basis that the plaintiff has
failed to satisfy any of the three prescribed circumstances required for leave
to appeal. Ms Alice Tan (“Ms Tan”), counsel for the defendant, argues that:

(a) there has been no prima facie error of law applied to this matter by the
courts;

(b) there is no question of general principle to be decided for the first
time; and

(c) there is no question of law on which a decision by a higher tribunal would
be of public advantage.

The issues that I need to decide are encompassed in the circumstances
described in sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) above.

Background

4 The plaintiff and the defendant were married in September 2007. In July
2008, they had a son. In September 2010, the plaintiff filed an originating
summons in the Family Court asking for the sole care and custody of the son.
The defendant resisted this application and while the custody proceedings were
on-going, on 3 October 2011, she filed divorce proceedings (“D 4739”).

5 The plaintiff filed a memorandum of appearance in D 4739 on 13 October 2011
in which he indicated his intention to contest the divorce proceedings and to
apply for the custody, care and control of the son. Thereafter, however, the
plaintiff did not file a defence to the claim for divorce. In due course, D
4739 was listed for hearing in chambers as an uncontested matter. As such on
the appointed date, 21 December 2011, interim judgment was granted without a
hearing at which the parties needed to attend.

6 The plaintiff says that on 21 December 2011, he went to the Family Court to
attend a hearing in accordance with the “NOTICE OF HEARING OF WRIT/PETITION”
which had been sent to him. He registered himself electronically at 2.10pm and
waited outside the chambers of the court. At 2.50pm, seeing that there was no
activity, he approached the court’s Help Centre and was informed that there
was no hearing that he could attend and that his attendance had been dispensed
with. He found out subsequently about the interim judgment issued that day.

The plaintiff’s various applications

7 On 14 March 2012, the plaintiff filed a summons in D 4739 in which he asked
for the interim judgment to be rescinded pursuant to s 99(2) of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Charter”). This application came on for
hearing before a District Judge (“the DJ”) on 2 August 2012. The plaintiff
represented himself whilst the defendant was represented by Ms Tan. During the
hearing, the plaintiff made lengthy submissions.

8 At the end of the hearing, the DJ dismissed the plaintiff’s application and
explained to him that the interim judgment stood. The plaintiff was upset and
made the following protest:

Then what is the purpose of coming to Court? We are going towards the path of
divorce, not issue, but cannot be that these allegations are wrong. My child
is wrong, it should not be this way, should be amicable. Right now, the next
follow up, the purpose of coming to this Court, if already decided December
2011 someone made a mistake then and asked me to wait, then you all proceed
further. There is one date, they asked me to follow up, you asked me to wait
and I did, then how come I went to the Court on that day and they told me I
need not attend. There is something, someone made a genuine mistake, should
not be the way. Someone has to dig into it. It doesn’t make logical societal
good sense, for the value of it. You are actually encouraging it. I followed
this accordingly. And now someone told me need not come.

9 On 13 August 2012, the plaintiff filed an appeal against the decision of the
DJ. In the meantime, the plaintiff had been unsuccessful in obtaining sole
custody of the son: joint custody had been awarded to both parents with care
and control to the defendant and access to the plaintiff. The plaintiff filed
an appeal against this decision as well.

10 Both appeals were heard by the Judge at the same time and the Judgment
contains his grounds for dismissing both of them. The plaintiff subsequently
filed two separate applications for leave to appeal to the court of appeal,
one in respect of each set of proceedings. I heard both applications. I
dismissed the application for leave to appeal in respect of the custody issue
but reserved my decision in relation to the application for the rescission of
the interim judgment.

11 I think it is pertinent to emphasise that the plaintiff conducted both sets
of proceedings entirely by himself although he may have had some assistance in
preparing part of his submissions. He appeared before me on no fewer than
three occasions and spoke at length on each of those occasions. The plaintiff
is in his mid-forties and was previously an officer in the navy. He is
currently an independent contractor. He speaks English fluently although
somewhat idiosyncratically.

The reasons for the decisions made by the DJ and the Judge

12 The DJ gave brief oral reasons for her decision when she dismissed the
plaintiff’s application for rescission. She noted that under s 99(2) of the
Charter, any person may apply for rescission of an interim judgment by reason
of material facts not having been brought before the court. Under s 99(3), the
party against whom the interim judgment was granted may apply for a rescission
but there is no specific reason stated in the provision. However, this was not
the section relied on. She held that it was for the judge to decide, after
having considered all the circumstances of the case, whether the interim
judgment ought to be rescinded. She noted that English authorities had held
that to rescind an interim judgment, cause such as that the judgment had been
obtained by collusion or by reason of material facts not having bought before
the court would have to be shown.

13 On the facts of the case before her, the plaintiff was aware of the divorce
proceedings: he sent e-mails to the Family Court after being served with the
documents and he attended the pre-trial conferences. While he had filed his
memorandum of appearance, he did not file any pleadings subsequently. The
plaintiff had also admitted that he was informed by the Help Centre that he
needed to file his Defence and Counterclaim if he wanted to contest the
divorce and that he would need court approval for an extension of time as he
was late in doing so. Yet no application was filed. The plaintiff claimed that
he had called the defendant’s lawyer to seek consent for the extension of time
but that the calls were unsuccessful. The DJ noted that he could then have
applied for leave to file his pleadings out of time but he did not do so.

14 In his affidavits and at the hearing the plaintiff stated that his basis
for setting aside the interim judgment was that he did not agree with the
matters set out in the defendant’s Statement of Particulars filed in support
of the divorce. It also appeared that the plaintiff was not saying that he did
not want a divorce: in his affidavit he said that since parties had been
separated for three years, he wanted the defendant to re-file her proceedings
based on three years’ separation and he would then consent.

15 Having considered the above circumstances, the DJ concluded that there was
no basis on which to rescind the interim judgment. The judgment had been
validly granted and the mere fact that the plaintiff did not agree to the
grounds for divorce did not invalidate it and was not in itself a valid ground
for rescission.

16 On appeal to the Judge, the plaintiff repeated many of the arguments raised
before the DJ. The Judge noted that the plaintiff had made unnecessarily
lengthy submissions and the only vaguely viable ground he was relying on to
rescind the interim judgment was his allegation that he had not been given a
chance to be heard in the proceedings. He alleged he was not kept informed of
the defendant’s filing of her statement of claim for uncontested divorce
proceedings alleging his unreasonable behaviour; the defendant’s request for
and the court’s subsequent granting of dispensation of the parties’ attendance
at the uncontested divorce hearing; and the setting down of the action for
hearing.

17 The Judge noted that all these complaints had been made before the DJ and
her notes showed that she was of the view that the plaintiff had been aware of
the divorce proceedings at every stage.

18 The Judge then observed that an application under s 99(2) of the Charter
was not the proper avenue to seek relief. To succeed in such an application
the applicant had to show cause why the judgment should not be made final by
reason of material facts not having been brought before the court. In doing
so, the applicant must satisfy the court that the non-disclosure of such facts
vitiates the foundation of the interim judgment. In the appeal, the plaintiff
had not shown that there were any material facts which were not disclosed in
the making of the interim judgment which would have fundamentally affected it.
The plaintiff’s motivation seemed to be his unhappiness with being labelled as
having behaved “unreasonably”. On the appeal, the plaintiff had expressed his
hope that the interim judgment could be rescinded so that a miracle could
happen to lead to reconciliation with the defendant. This was plainly not a
good ground for rescinding an interim judgment.

19 In the circumstances, the Judge took the view that there was no merit in
the appeal and dismissed it.

The plaintiff’s submissions on the application

20 I heard the parties on three separate occasions over three half days. Most
of the time was spent on the plaintiff’s submissions. He had filed a lengthy
affidavit in support of his application which contained both assertions of
fact and submissions. It also contained many derogatory references to the
defendant and her lawyer as well as to the Judge. The plaintiff was long-
winded and repetitive so I will summarise his main points very briefly.

21 First, the plaintiff dealt with the Judgment. He noted that the salient
facts had been summarised but asserted that the Judge was not cognisant of the
full background of the case. He took issue with the statement in the Judgment
that the divorce was granted “on the ground of irretrievable breakdown of the
marriage” because he himself had never regarded the marriage as irretrievably
broken down and had stated so on many occasions. In the course of so doing he
described the defendant as “my deluded psychotic wife” and criticised the
Legal Aid Bureau for granting her legal aid to deprive his son “of his healthy
contact with his previous involved father [meaning, the plaintiff] and
mentally sound paternal family”.

22 He also took issue with the statement in the Judgment that the ground for
the divorce was the “husband’s unreasonable behaviour”. He asserted that most
if not all of the defendant’s assertions of unreasonable behaviour had been
“premeditated fabrication and some artfully discernible misrepresentation such
as violence, restricting access to her parents … _etc_ ” and that he had
refuted such allegations in his affidavit.

23 The plaintiff took issue with the Judge’s description of his ground of
appeal as vaguely viable. He asserted that he had in fact not been informed of
the uncontested divorce proceedings and had not been given a decent chance to
be properly heard in the proceedings. Thus he had been prejudiced. He said he
had made a conscientious effort to participate but due to “opposing attorney
underhanded unprofessionalism (_sic_) underhanded thwarting stance” he had not
been heard. Contrary to the views of the Judge and the DJ that he had been
aware of the proceedings at every stage, in fact he had at best been only
partly aware of the divorce proceedings.

24 The above assertion was, however, in my view, contradicted by what the
plaintiff went on to say. In respect of what he knew, the plaintiff referred
to his email of 25 October 2011. There, he had stated that on 24 October 2011
he had approached the Help Centre for clarification and necessary actions in
relation to the false matters recited in the defendant’s Statement of
Particulars in D 4739.

25 He was told by the officers at the Help Centre that he had to file a
Defence and Counterclaim by 26 October 2011. The plaintiff then told the
officers that he needed an extension of time as he could not meet the
deadline. He was advised to ask the defendant’s lawyer if she would agree to
the extension. The plaintiff then called Ms Tan’s office three times the same
day but Ms Tan either kept silent upon hearing his request or just hung up the
phone or ran him off. He did not call again for fear of being accused of
harassment. The court officer also advised him to write in for an early status
conference which the defendant did the same day.

26 At this point it should be noted that the plaintiff did not explain why he
did not file the Defence and Counterclaim in time or apply to court for an
extension of time. It must also be emphasised that the plaintiff was fully
cognisant of the facilities available to help litigants in person such as
himself. Indeed, he availed himself of them.

27 Having set out the factual background, the plaintiff then addressed the
Judge’s holding that an application under s 99(2) of the Charter was not the
proper avenue for him to seek relief. He retorted that he was not a lawyer and
therefore did not know what the proper avenue was. He said the DJ and the
Judge should have told him this during the hearing. He was not happy either
with the Judge’s description of his motivation as being his unhappiness with
being labelled “unreasonable” as he regarded the “charges” against him as
being very serious and putting his liberty, integrity and dignity at stake. He
asserted that his reputation had been tarnished and his
“career/job/professional/emotional/financial [position]” have suffered as a
result.

28 The plaintiff submitted that there was no merit and no good grounds for
divorce made out at all in D 4739. He thought he had not been given an
opportunity to be heard; that the Judge had not paid full attention to his
submissions and had been influenced “by the opposing artful representing
attorney”. In his view, the Judge, the DJ and the other district judge who
handled the custody matter had a common “utilitarian” approach to family
justice that prioritised or inclined towards the objectives of women and leant
towards the interests of women and court efficiency over those of male
litigants/fathers/husbands and this resulted in the court “unknowingly
suppressing mercilessly the howl of the victimised male litigants”.

Decision

29 As I pointed out at the beginning of this judgment, the litigant who seeks
leave to appeal has to show that at least one of the three criteria applies in
his case. The plaintiff being a layman did not address any of these criteria
directly although I drew his attention to them at the start of the first
hearing. Ms Tan for the defendant submitted that he had not met any of the
prerequisites for leave and that the application should be dismissed.

30 I reserved judgment in order to go through the plaintiff’s submission in
more detail to ascertain whether or not he could satisfy any criterion. After
having conducted this exercise, I hold that he cannot do so. I set out,
briefly, my reasons for thus holding.

31 The first matter to consider is whether there has been an error of law on
the face of the record. The plaintiff would probably say that there was
because a divorce was granted without a hearing at which he could contest the
allegations made by his wife. The plaintiff’s application for rescission of
the interim judgment was, however, founded on s 99(2) of the Charter which
requires him to establish that there has been non-disclosure of a material
fact leading to the grant of the interim judgment.

32 The plaintiff could not establish that because he was not able to point to
anything which the defendant should have disclosed and did not. The plaintiff
did not agree with the allegations of unreasonable behaviour that the
defendant made but these were assertions which it was up to him to disprove by
filing a defence and counterclaim and contesting the divorce. That the
plaintiff considered the allegations to be untruthful could not amount in
itself to concealment of material facts. As far as the record went, the
divorce was handled in accordance with the procedures laid down by the Women’s
Charter (Matrimonial Proceedings) Rules (Cap 353, R 4, 2006 Rev Ed). In the
absence of the proper pleadings filed by the plaintiff, the divorce had to be
treated as uncontested. I respectfully agree with both the DJ and the Judge
that the plaintiff’s rescission application did not meet the requirements of s
99(2).

33 The second ground is that there is a question of general principle to be
decided for the first time. I have not been able to discern such a question in
the present case. The legal principles in relation to the grant of a divorce
on the basis of one party’s unreasonable behaviour are well established and
not in doubt. Taken at face value, the particulars set out in the defendant’s
Statement of Particulars which included allegations of physical and verbal
abuse visited on her by the plaintiff as well as of her being in fear of his
uncontrolled temper were sufficient, if not rebutted, to support the plea for
a divorce on the ground of unreasonable behaviour. While the plaintiff had
entered a memorandum of appearance to the divorce action he did not file any
pleading which formally contested these allegations and accordingly the action
was treated in the usual way as an uncontested one. The court has well-settled
and published rules which permit the _ex parte_ hearing of uncontested suits.
Nothing in these circumstances gives rise to any novel question of general
principle.

34 The plaintiff seems to be under the impression that divorce and the grounds
for the same should be consensual. That is not and has never been the law. The
plaintiff’s misguided belief cannot be the basis on which to formulate a
question of law where none exists.

35 By the same token, there is in this case no question of law in which a
decision by a higher tribunal would be of public advantage. The principles and
procedures involved in the case are well established; no further elucidation
is required.

36 The complaints made by the plaintiff against the Judgment, the Judge and
the DJ are misconceived. Both were fully cognisant of the facts and the
plaintiff’s own state of knowledge. An objective reading of the Judgment
reveals that the decision was arrived at after a careful and complete
consideration of the facts and the duties of an appellate judge. There was no
bias against the plaintiff on the basis of his gender by the judicial
officers; nor indeed does such bias exist in the law.

37 As was amply demonstrated by the way that the plaintiff conducted his case,
he is intemperate, verbally abusive and not able to take a detached or
objective view of the situation. He has little, if any, insight into his own
behaviour and how his words impact others. The plaintiff is in his present
situation because he did not act on the advice he was given by the Help Centre
to file his pleading and/or get an extension of time to do so. Further, after
the interim judgment was granted, he attempted to set it aside on a ground
that he could not satisfy. Since failing in this application he has dragged
the defendant back to court on several occasions for the appeal and the
present application since neither could be disposed of in one sitting. The
plaintiff has been given every opportunity to make his case but he has not
been able to put forward grounds that would entitle him to leave to appeal.

38 In the result, this application must be dismissed. The plaintiff shall pay
the defendant’s costs as taxed or agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 May 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

