Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Muhammad bin Kadar _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGCA 48

Case Number| :| Criminal Motion No 43 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 September 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J; Tan Siong Thye J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Amarick Singh Gill (Trident Law Corporation) and Peter
Ong Lip Cheng (Templars Law LLC) for the applicant; Anandan Bala and Kevin Tan
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Muhammad bin Kadar — Public Prosecutor  
  
29 September 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Mr Muhammad bin Kadar (“the Applicant”) was previously convicted of a charge
of murder punishable under s 302 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”) and was sentenced to what was then the mandatory death penalty.
After his conviction and sentence, amendments were made to the Act via the
Penal Code (Amendment) Act 2012 (No 32 of 2012) (“the Amendment Act”). Section
4(5) of the Amendment Act (“s 4(5)”) reads as follows:

**Savings and transitional provisions**

…

(5) Where on the appointed day, the Court of Appeal has dismissed an appeal
brought by a person for an offence of murder under section 302 of the Penal
Code, the following provisions shall apply:

(_a_) either the Public Prosecutor or the person may file a motion for re-
sentencing with the Court of Appeal;

(_b_) when a motion for re-sentencing has been filed, the person or the Public
Prosecutor may also apply to the Court of Appeal to hear further arguments or
admit further evidence for the purpose only of determining the meaning of
murder that the person is guilty of;

(_c_) if an application is made under paragraph (_b_), the Court of Appeal
shall before dealing with the motion for re-sentencing —

(i) either dismiss the application, or give directions for the hearing of
further arguments or the admission of further evidence for the purpose only of
determining the meaning of murder that the person is guilty of, including
directions for the High Court to hear such further evidence and to transmit
its findings to the Court of Appeal; and

(ii) after dismissing the application or after its directions for hearing
further arguments or the admission of further evidence have been complied
with, clarify the meaning of murder that the person is guilty of;

(_d_) if no application is made under paragraph (_b_), the Court of Appeal
shall clarify the meaning of murder that the person is guilty of;

(_e_) if the Court of Appeal clarifies under paragraph (_c_)(ii) or (_d_) that
the person is guilty of murder within the meaning of section 300(_a_) of the
Penal Code, it shall affirm the sentence of death imposed on the person;

(_f_) if the Court of Appeal clarifies under paragraph (_c_)(ii) or (_d_) that
the person is guilty of murder within the meaning of section 300(_b_), (_c_)
or (_d_) of the Penal Code, it shall remit the case back to the High Court for
the person to be re-sentenced;

(_g_) when the case is remitted back to the High Court under paragraph (_f_),
the High Court shall re-sentence the person to death or imprisonment for life
and the person shall, if he is not re-sentenced to death, also be liable to be
re-sentenced to caning;

(_h_) the provisions of Division 1 of Part XX of the Criminal Procedure Code
relating to appeals shall apply to any appeal against the decision of the High
Court under paragraph (_g_) with the modification that any appeal must be
lodged by the appellant with the Registrar of the Supreme Court within 14 days
after the date of the re-sentencing by the High Court;

(_i_) if the High Court re-sentences the person to death, the execution of the
sentence of death must not be carried out until after the sentence is
confirmed by the Court of Appeal pursuant to an appeal by the person or a
petition for confirmation lodged by the Public Prosecutor; and

(_j_) section 313(_e_) to (_p_) of the Criminal Procedure Code shall apply in
relation to any affirmation of the sentence of death or confirmation of the
sentence of death by the Court of Appeal.

2 The present proceedings relate to an application (“the Application”) by way
of a criminal motion by the Applicant that he be re-sentenced in accordance
with s 4(5). Specifically, the Applicant prays that this court clarifies that
he is guilty of murder within the meaning of s 300(_c_) of the Act (“s
300(_c_)”) and remits this case back to the High Court to _re-sentence_ the
Applicant accordingly.

3 The Public Prosecutor (“the Respondent”), on the other hand, opposes the
Application, submitting that the court should clarify that the Applicant is
guilty of murder within the meaning of s 300(_a_) of the Act (“s 300(_a_)”),
the consequence of which would be that the original death sentence would be
affirmed, and the case would not be remitted to the High Court for re-
sentencing (see s 4(5)(_e_) of the Amendment Act reproduced above at [1]).
This is because, unlike s 300(_b_), (_c_) or (_d_), murder within the meaning
of s 300(_a_) continues, even after the amendments effected to the Act by the
Amendment Act, to be punishable with the _mandatory_ death penalty. Section
300 of the Act (“s 300”) itself reads as follows:

**Murder**

**300.** Except in the cases hereinafter excepted culpable homicide is murder
—

(_a_) if the act by which the death is caused is done with the intention of
causing death;

(_b_) if it is done with the intention of causing such bodily injury as the
offender knows to be likely to cause the death of the person to whom the harm
is caused;

(_c_) if it is done with the intention of causing bodily injury to any person,
and the bodily injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death; or

(_d_) if the person committing the act knows that it is so imminently
dangerous that it must in all probability cause death, or such bodily injury
as is likely to cause death, and commits such act without any excuse for
incurring the risk of causing death, or such injury as aforesaid.

…

A preliminary point

4 Before proceeding to consider the Application, we pointed out to both
counsel for the Applicant, Mr Amarick Gill (“Mr Gill”), as well as counsel for
the Respondent, Mr Anandan Bala (“Mr Bala”), that, by making written
submissions and by desiring to make oral submissions before this court, they
were in fact proceeding under s 4(5)(_b_) of the Amendment Act (“s 4(5)(_b_)”,
reproduced above at [1]), and which we set out once again, as follows:

(_b_) when a motion for re-sentencing has been filed, **_the person or the
Public Prosecutor_** _may also_** __apply to__**** _the Court of Appeal_****
__to hear further arguments__** _or admit further evidence_** _for the
purpose_**** __only__**** _of determining the meaning of murder that the
person is guilty of_** _;_ [emphasis added in italics, bold italics and
underlined bold italics]

Section 4(5)(_c_) of the Amendment Act (also reproduced above at [1]) may also
be usefully noted, and reads as follows:

(_c_) if an application is made under paragraph (_b_), the Court of Appeal
shall before dealing with the motion for re-sentencing —

(i) either dismiss the application, or give directions for the hearing of
further arguments or the admission of further evidence for the purpose only of
determining the meaning of murder that the person is guilty of, including
directions for the High Court to hear such further evidence and to transmit
its findings to the Court of Appeal; and

(ii) after dismissing the application or after its directions for hearing
further arguments or the admission of further evidence have been complied
with, clarify the meaning of murder that the person is guilty of;

5 Put simply, both the Applicant and the Respondent were in fact tendering
_further arguments_ to this court for the purpose of determining the meaning
of murder that the Applicant is guilty of. _However_ , _no application_ (which
is _required_ by s 4(5)(_b_)) had been made to this court. This is not a mere
empty requirement without any real content because, if no such application is
made and no further arguments are therefore tendered by either a person who
has been convicted of murder and/or the Public Prosecutor (the Applicant and
the Respondent, respectively, in the context of the Application), then this
court would be under a duty to proceed – _directly (and without more)_ – “to
clarify the meaning of murder that the person is guilty of” pursuant to s
4(5)(_d_) of the Amendment Act (reproduced above at [1]), and which is (for
convenience) set out again, as follows:

(_d_) **__if no__**** _application_** _is made_** _under paragraph (_****b****
_)_** , **_the Court of Appeal_**** __shall__** ____**__clarify__** _the
meaning of murder that the person is guilty of_. [emphasis added in italics,
bold italics and bold underlined italics]

6 In the circumstances, before oral submissions were tendered by Mr Gill and
Mr Bala to this court, we invited them to consider making the requisite
applications pursuant to s 4(5)(_b_), which they did. However, for all future
applications of this nature, we hope that the relevant parties will comply
with s 4(5)(_b_) by making the requisite application should they desire this
court to hear further arguments and/or to admit further evidence for the
purpose only of determining the meaning of murder that the person is guilty
of.

7 Let us now turn to the factual background of the Application.

Facts

8 The detailed facts can be found in the judgment of this court in _Muhammad
bin Kadar and another v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 1205 (“the CA
Judgment”). We will summarise only those facts which are relevant to the
Application. In this regard, we draw, in the main, from the Respondent’s
summary in its written submissions which constitute, in our view, a fair and
objective account of this case.

9 The Applicant lived with his brother, Mr Ismil bin Kadar (“Ismil”) and their
family at a flat which was located one floor below the deceased’s flat. The
Applicant had a history of drug abuse. In particular, he began consuming
Dormicum in 2004 – a drug which he had been consuming daily prior to his
arrest.

10 The Applicant had gone to the deceased’s flat twice before the murder which
was committed on 6 May 2005. The deceased lived with her husband, Mr Loh Siew
Kow (“Mr Loh”), who was a bedridden stroke patient at the time of the murder.
On the first occasion, around the end of April 2005, the deceased had called
out to the Applicant at the staircase landing outside her flat to assist her
in lifting Mr Loh from his bed. On the second occasion, the Applicant visited
the deceased’s flat to bring some food wrapped in plastic because he felt
sorry for Mr Loh. Mr Loh passed away shortly before the trial began.

11 On the day of the murder (_viz_ , 6 May 2005), the Applicant consumed
Dormicum intravenously. He subsequently went to the deceased’s flat, knocking
on the door a few times, whereupon the deceased let him in. He went in and saw
Mr Loh for a short while before proceeding to the kitchen. He took a knife
from the kitchen and signalled to the deceased to come into the kitchen,
whereupon he stabbed her with the knife. The deceased fled to the toilet and
the Applicant followed her there and stabbed her until the handle of the knife
broke. He then went to the kitchen to obtain a chopper, whereupon he returned
to the deceased at the toilet and inflicted more injuries on her.

12 The Applicant then went to Mr Loh’s room and removed his feeding tube. He
threatened Mr Loh by putting his left finger on his lip whilst holding the
chopper with his right hand. When he emerged from Mr Loh’s room, he saw the
deceased standing in the kitchen area. He then used the chopper to inflict
more injuries on the deceased until she collapsed. The deceased received more
than 110 incised and stab wounds. She died from acute exsanguination. Put
simply, she bled out from her wounds and died as a consequence.

13 Both the Applicant and Ismil were charged with murder in furtherance of
their common intention to rob the deceased under s 302 read with s 34 of the
Act. The Applicant relied on the defence of diminished responsibility due to
an abnormality of mind caused by the consumption of Dormicum, which defence
was rejected by the High Court Judge who convicted both accused as charged
(see generally _Public Prosecutor v Ismil bin Kadar and Another_ [2009] SGHC
84 (“the HC Judgment”)).

14 After hearing arguments raised on appeal, this court (constituted by a
different coram) acquitted Ismil of his charge but dismissed the appeal by the
Applicant and substituted his conviction for murder in furtherance of a common
intention to commit robbery under s 302 read with s 34 of the Act with murder
under s 302 of the Act (see generally the CA Judgment). This court held,
_inter alia_ , that the Applicant’s evidence that he was the sole assailant
and offender should have been accepted by the High Court Judge as it was
consistent with the weight of the evidence and accounted for several aspects
of the case that were previously unexplained. This court also held that the
Applicant had failed to establish that he was suffering from an abnormality of
mind at the material time which entitled him to avail himself of the defence
of diminished responsibility. Finally, this court held that the case against
the Applicant for murder of the deceased had been proven beyond a reasonable
doubt.

The applicable principles

15 The applicable principles, in our view, flow from – and, indeed, are
inextricably connected to – the precise issue that is before the court. That
issue is to determine _under which limb of s 300_ the accused person was found
guilty of the offence of murder (s 300 comprises four limbs, reproduced above
at [3]). This is of the utmost importance because, prior to 1 January 2013,
the punishment for murder was the death penalty, _regardless_ of the limb
(under s 300) the accused person was convicted under. The pre-amendment
version of s 302 of the Act read simply as follows:

**Punishment for murder**

**302.** Whoever commits murder shall be punished with death.

16 However, on 1 January 2013, legislative amendments came into effect which
made the death sentence non-mandatory for murder falling within the meaning of
subsections (_b_), (_c_) and (_d_) of s 300. _Only_ murder falling within the
meaning of _s 300(_ a _)_ was punishable with the death penalty. In this
regard, the amended s 302 of the Penal Code that is currently in force (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) reads as follows:

**Punishment for murder**

**302.** —(1) Whoever commits murder within the meaning of section 300(a)
shall be punished with death.

(2) Whoever commits murder within the meaning of section 300(_b_), (_c_) or
(_d_) shall be punished with death or imprisonment for life and shall, if he
is not punished with death, also be liable to caning.

17 In our view, absent a concession by the Prosecution (here, the Respondent)
that the murder concerned does _not_ fall within the ambit of s 300(_a_), this
court in re-sentencing cases such as the present ought to examine the record
closely in order to determine whether _the objective evidence on record_
establishes – _beyond a reasonable doubt_ – that, in causing the victim’s
death, the accused person _intended to cause the victim’s death_. If so, then
the murder committed would clearly fall within s 300(_a_) and this court will
affirm the sentence of death imposed on the accused person. If, however, this
is not the case, then this court will remit the case to the High Court for re-
sentencing.

18 At this juncture, it would, in our view, be invidious to attempt to lay
down any further guidance simply because _the objective evidence on record
will differ from case to case._ What bears emphasis, however, is that, given
the dire consequences for the accused person should this court find that the
murder committed by the accused person falls under s 300(_a_), the Prosecution
will have to establish that this is the case _beyond a reasonable doubt_.
Correlatively, if a reasonable doubt is raised in favour of the accused person
(in this case, the Applicant), this court will remit the case to the High
Court for re-sentencing, at which point the High Court will have to exercise
its discretion whether or not to impose the death penalty on the accused
person. There could, of course, be an appeal to this court from that decision.

19 For the avoidance of doubt, we are of the view that where the High Court
(_and_ the Court of Appeal, in the case of an appeal) have already, prior to
the motion for re-sentencing, _expressly_ held that the accused person is
guilty of murder under s 300(_a_) _only_ , it would follow that this court in
a motion for re-sentencing will affirm the sentence of death imposed on the
accused person.

20 Correlatively, where the High Court (_and_ the Court of Appeal, in the case
of an appeal) have already, prior to the motion for re-sentencing, _expressly_
held that the accused person is guilty of murder under any of the limbs _other
than s 300(_ a _)_ (_ie_ , under s 300(_b_), (_c_) and/or (_d_)), then this
court in a motion for re-sentencing _will remit_ the case to the High Court
for re-sentencing.

21 A _possible_ argument could be made to the effect that the facts as well as
analysis of the aforementioned courts in this last-mentioned situation (see
above at [20]) were incorrect and that this court in a motion for re-
sentencing should take notice that the case could be characterised as
involving murder within the meaning of s 300(_a_). We are of the view that, in
such a situation, the benefit of the doubt ought (consistently with the
standard of proof we have endorsed) to be given to the accused person and,
consequently, this court ought to remit the case to the High Court for re-
sentencing.

22 The _present case_ , however, falls within _neither_ of the two situations
referred to in [19] and [20] above. Indeed, _no limb under s 300_ was
specified in the Charge Sheet _and_ neither the High Court _nor_ the Court of
Appeal in their respective earlier decisions on the substantive aspects of the
case _specified which limb of s 300 the Applicant was being convicted under._
This is understandable as, at the material time (and as already noted above at
[15]), the mandatory punishment for murder was the death penalty, _regardless_
of the limb (under s 300) the accused person was convicted under. Indeed, it
seems to us that Parliament had _precisely_ such a situation in mind when it
enacted s 4(5). The task therefore now falls to this court to determine,
_based on the objective evidence on record_ , “the meaning of murder that the
person is guilty of” pursuant to s 4(5)(_b_). Put simply, this court has to
determine _which of the limbs of s 300_ the murder committed by the Applicant
falls under. Even more specifically, as the Respondent is opposing the
Application, it bears the burden of proof of establishing – beyond a
reasonable doubt – that the Applicant was guilty of murder within the meaning
of s 300(_a_).

23 It is also important to emphasise what this court _cannot_ do in motions
for re-sentencing (such as in the Application in the present case). This court
_cannot_ revisit the findings of fact that it had previously made or affirmed
which led to its decision that the Applicant was guilty of murder and ought
therefore to be punished under s 302 of the Act. Looked at in the context of
the present case, this is an important point, particularly in relation to the
Applicant’s argument with regard to the defence of _diminished responsibility_
under Exception 7 to s 300. This defence was _rejected_ by both the High Court
_and_ the Court of Appeal and therefore _that defence cannot be revisited
(whether directly or indirectly) in the context of the Application_ before
this court. The position is the same even though all three members of the
present Court of Appeal were not part of the coram which heard the appeal from
the High Court and which delivered the CA Judgment.

24 Before turning to examine the objective evidence on record in order to
arrive at our decision with regard to the Application in the present
proceedings, it would be appropriate to set out the cases of the respective
parties.

The Applicant’s submissions

25 The Applicant argues, in his written submissions, that this court should
clarify that he is guilty of murder within the meaning of s 300(_c_) because:

(a) The Respondent bears the burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt that
the meaning of murder that the Applicant is guilty of falls within s 300(_a_)
and not s 300(_c_).

(b) It cannot be permissible for the Respondent, having proceeded under s
300(_c_), as demonstrated in its Opening Address, to now claim that the
meaning of murder that the Applicant is guilty of falls within s 300(_a_), as
doing so would materially and irreversibly prejudice the Applicant because:

(i) The significance of the effects of intoxication coupled with his
borderline IQ _vis-à-vis_ a s 300(_a_) murder case was never explored at the
trial because the subjective intention of the Applicant to cause death was not
relevant in a s 300(_c_) case – the primary question in a s 300(_c_) case was
whether the accused had intended to cause injuries which were sufficient in
the ordinary course of nature to cause death.

(ii) The Applicant admitted to murder on the basis of murder under s 300(_c_),
and that is different from admitting to murder under s 300(_a_).

(iii) Had the Respondent’s case at trial been framed as a s 300(_a_) case, the
Applicant would have had the opportunity to challenge any suggestion that he
had intended to cause the deceased’s death. This opportunity never arose
because the Respondent had framed its case as a s 300(_c_) issue which focused
on whether the Applicant had the intention to cause such injuries which were
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death.

(c) The evidence led demonstrates that the Applicant’s act should fall within
s 300(_c_) and not s 300(_a_) because:

(i) The Applicant was under the influence of Dormicum during the attack, even
though his intoxicated state did not result in him qualifying for the defence
of diminished responsibility.

(ii) The Applicant remarked that he was “shocked” when told later how many
times he had slashed the deceased.

(iii) The Applicant went to the deceased’s flat unarmed.

(iv) The injuries caused by the Applicant, singularly, were not life
threatening. It was the cumulative effect of the multiple injuries that led to
the deceased’s death.

26 Mr Gill helpfully (and correctly, in our view) focused – in oral
submissions before this court – on the main points contained in his written
submissions set out above. In particular, he focused, first, on the
Respondent’s Opening Address which had referred to murder committed under _s
300(_ c _)_. He also focused on the fact that, as a result of this reference
in the Respondent’s Opening Address, the Applicant had focused only on the
charge under s 300(_c_), and was prejudiced because he was not permitted the
opportunity to address this shift in the Respondent’s case at trial.

The Respondent’s submissions

27 The Respondent argues that this court should clarify that the Applicant is
guilty of murder within the meaning of s 300(_a_) because:

(a) Even though the Respondent had initially framed its case under s 300(_c_),
the Respondent’s case, as demonstrated by its cross-examination and closing
submissions at the trial, ultimately became one under s 300(_a_) as the
evidence emerged.

(b) The wounds demonstrate that there was an intention by the Applicant to
cause the death of the deceased; in particular:

(i) As stated by the High Court and recognised by the pathologist, Dr Lai
Siang Hui, the killing was not accidental because of the numerous blows to the
deceased.

(ii) The wounds were targeted at the deceased’s vital areas, namely, her head
and neck.

(iii) The wounds were consistent with the deceased trying to move away from
her assailant.

(c) The Applicant’s evidence suggests such an intention; in particular:

(i) The Applicant admitted that he had planned to kill the deceased (1) before
the attack, (2) during the attack, and (3) after he switched from the knife to
the chopper, so that she could not identify him after the robbery.

(ii) The Applicant’s plan to silence the deceased explains why he attacked the
deceased viciously and relentlessly.

(iii) After the Applicant stopped attacking the deceased, he went to threaten
the deceased’s bedridden husband, Mr Loh, and when the Applicant saw that the
deceased was standing at the kitchen area after that, he used the chopper to
inflict more injuries on the deceased until she collapsed.

(iv) When the Applicant left the flat, he was certain that the deceased was
going to die from the injuries he had inflicted.

(d) The Applicant conceded that, notwithstanding the consumption of Dormicum,
he had complete control of himself throughout the course of the entire attack,
as was noted by this court in the Applicant’s appeal against his conviction.

Our decision

28 As already noted, Mr Gill placed great emphasis on the Respondent’s Opening
Address which (as Mr Bala candidly admitted) referred to s 300(_c_). However,
it should be noted that, owing to the unusual manner in which the trial
unfolded, this particular argument requires a more nuanced analysis. In
particular, the accused person, who was initially charged with _committing the
actual murder_ was _not_ the Applicant but, rather, his brother, Ismil. The
Applicant, on the other hand, was charged with murder as a result of the
Respondent’s invocation of s 34 of the Act. The charge with regard to both
Ismil and the Applicant read, in fact, as follows:

That you, 1. ISMIL BIN KADAR

2\. MUHAMMAD BIN KADAR

on or about the 6th day of May 2005, between 8.00 a.m. and 2.00 p.m., at Block
185 Boon Lay Avenue #05-156, Singapore, in furtherance of the common intention
of you both to commit robbery, did commit murder by causing the death of one
Tham Weng Kuen, female aged 69 years, and you have thereby committed an
offence punishable under section 302 read with section 34 of the Penal Code,
Chapter 224.

29 The fact that Ismil was initially charged with committing the actual act of
murder is significant when regard is had to the various statements which he
had made prior to trial. In particular, there was a relative dearth of
information in these statements as to the actual details of the murder itself.
Not surprisingly, therefore, the Respondent initially referred to s 300(_c_)
in its Opening Address. _However_ , the trial took _a wholly unexpected turn_
when _the Applicant_ stated that _he_ had killed the deceased instead. It is
our view that it is the evidence relating to _the Applicant’s actions in
killing the deceased that is relevant as to which limb of s 300 the
Applicant’s act of murder fell within._

30 Looked at in this light, the Respondent’s reference to s 300(_c_) in its
Opening Address is _not_ really material in the context of the present
proceedings. In any event, Mr Gill conceded (correctly, in our view) that such
an Opening Address is only an overview (see the then s 188(1) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed), as well as the present s 230(1)(_d_) of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)) and cannot be taken to be
writ in stone so as to bind the Respondent thereafter.

31 We now turn to the objective evidence on record that is relevant as to
which limb of s 300 the Applicant’s act of murder fell within. We commence by
referring to _the Applicant’s own evidence_ which clearly states that he had
_intended to kill the deceased._ It bears noting that, even if we accept Mr
Gill’s submission to the effect that he (the Applicant) was under the
impression that he had been charged with murder under s 300(_c_) (which we do
_not_ (see above at [29] and below at [38])), this would mean that when the
Applicant gave his testimony, he did so _sincerely and truthfully, and without
any preconceptions whatsoever_. This is an important point – to which we will
return below. Returning to the Applicant’s evidence, we note the following
testimony from the Applicant during cross-examination:

QMr Muhammad, when you planned the robbery of the deceased, did you also plan
to kill her because she could identify you?

AI did not think about that.

QAnd what did you plan to do _if she resisted you in the robbery? Were you
prepared to use force if she resisted you_?

A _I would use force against her_.

QAnd it’s your evidence that you did in fact use force against her, isn’t it,
Mr Muhammad? _You inflicted hundred over wounds on the deceased, that is your
evidence, isn’t it_?

A _Yes_.

QAnd as per your evidence, when you inflicted those numerous injuries on the
deceased, _would I be right to say that_** _you intended to kill her, not just
hurt her but in fact to kill her_** _?_**_Is that on your mind_**?

A **_Yes_**.

QYou killed her. **_Why_** _did you kill her, Mr Muhammad_? Tell us. _Was
it_** _because you did not want to be identified_**?

A **_Yes, that’s true_**.

QAre you sure you are the one who inflicted these wounds on the deceased, Mr
Muhammad? Now, you are telling us **_you intended to kill Mdm Loh_** [sic],
the deceased? Are you sure you were the one who inflicted those wounds on her
---those injuries on her?

AYes.

QAre you sure you were the only person who inflicted those injuries on the
deceased and no one else?

AYes.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

32 In a similar vein, the following testimony by the Applicant (also under
cross-examination) should be noted (this relates to the further attack on the
deceased with a chopper):

QNow, we go on to the chopper bit. You went to get a chopper from the kitchen.
Why did you go to get the chopper?

AI wanted to get the chopper because the handle of the knife was broken.

Q **_If the handle of the knife wasn’t broken_** _, would you have_
**_continued to stab_** _her in the kitchen---in the toilet?_

A **_Yes._**

QSo I would be right to say you went to get the chopper _to inflict_**
_further_** _injuries on the deceased_?

A **_Yes._**

QAnd by that, would I be right to say you planned---**_you_**** __intended to
kill her__**** _with the chopper_**? **_Not just to cause hurt to her_****
__but in fact to kill her__****.**

A **__Yes, at that time I had that intention__** **.**

QTell us what did you do to the deceased with the chopper.

AAfter I’ve taken the chopper from the kitchen, _I went to the toilet_** _and
chopped her in the toilet_**** __several times__****.**

QWas she standing up on the toilet floor when you used the chopper on her?

AI think she was **_crouching on the floor_**.

QCan you tell us where your blows landed on the deceased?

AI think it was on **_her head_**.

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

33 There is also the following testimony by the Applicant (under cross-
examination) which should be noted:

QAnd whilst you were in the kitchen, things unfolded as you have related to us
in Court, that is you called Mdm Tham [the deceased] over and once she was in
front of you, _you reached out for a knife_ which is---which was taken from
the receptacle as shown at photograph P15 _and you stabbed her with it_.

A _Yes, that is my evidence in Court_.

QShe _then went_ towards _the toilet_ , which is shown at photograph P12 _and
therein you attacked her_** _again_** _with_** _the knife_** _._

A **_Yes, correct._**

Q _After you stabbed her with a knife on a few occasions, the handle broke._

A _That’s right._

Q **_You then went to get a chopper._**

A **_Yes._**

QYou took it from the same spot where you took the knife.

AYes.

Q **_Thereafter you attacked Mdm Tham viciously with a chopper._**

A **_Yes._**

QYou also---in fact _when you attacked her with a chopper, your plan_ ,
**_your_**** __intention__**** _was_**** __to kill her, not just cause hurt to
her, is it, Mr Muhammad__**? _This question I am_** __putting to you__**
_relates to_** _what you did_** _._

A _Can you repeat the question?_

QRight, my question was _when you attacked her with the chopper_ ,
**_your_**** __intention__**** _was_**** __to kill her, Mr Muhammad, not just
to cause hurt to her__**?

A **__Yes, my intention has changed__** **.** **__I intend to kill her at that
time__** **.**

QWhat do you mean by your intention has changed. Is it, are you saying that
your intention before the 6th of May was only to rob and cause hurt _but now
it was to rob_** __and to kill__**?

A **_Yes, I have told the Court there’s_** **__a kind of boldness__** **_on my
part_** **__to kill her__** **.**

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

34 That the intention of the Applicant was to cause the death of the deceased
is also supported by the evidence of his own psychiatrist, Dr Calvin Fones
(“Dr Fones”). In his report, Dr Fones opined as follows (where his focus was
on the defence of diminished responsibility):

[The Applicant] was, however, clearly under the influence of drugs during the
time of the alleged offence. **_He formed the intention_** _to rob_** _and
kill_** _the women shortly after or during the time he had consumed
intravenous Dormicum; as he puts it ‘it made him feel brave when under
influence’._ It is likely that **_his intention to kill_** was formed while
under the influence of Dormicum that he had taken. The disinhibitory effects
of the drug also contributed to the nature of the crime where _he slashed the
woman repeatedly_ without a clear recollection of how many times he had done
so. Indeed, he remarked that he was ‘shocked’ when told later how many times
he had allegedly slashed the woman. The effects of the drug had likely led to
a major reduction in self-control and regulation of his own actions. [emphasis
added in italics and bold italics]

35 And, in his testimony in examination by the Applicant’s then lawyer, Dr
Fones stated as follows:

Q Is it your opinion that although he was suffering from this impairment, he
could still form the intention to harm the deceased?

A From _his_ account given to me, _he did say that his_** _intention at the
time_** _that he went to rob the woman was that_** _it did include an
intention_**** __to try and prevent her from identifying him either__**** _by
injuring her_**** __or harming her in some way__**.

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

36 That the Respondent was in fact submitting that the Applicant had committed
murder within the meaning of _s 300(_ a _)_ (and not s 300(_c_)) is clear in
its Closing Submissions at trial, as follows:

The reproduction of considerable extracts of Muhammad’s testimony above
highlight that although Muhammad occasionally vacillated and suggested that he
merely wished to “cause hurt” to the deceased, **it is clear that his primary,
indeed, sole, motivation in doing so had been to kill her so as to eliminate
the possibility of being identified afterwards**. As Dr Fones readily
conceded, Muhammad’s motive extended to include “an intention to try and
prevent her from identifying her or harming her in some way.” The question
that inevitably arises would be this – how else would one avoid the
possibility of identification except by causing sufficient hurt and ensuring
the eye-witness’ death so as to permanently silence her? Indeed, such a line
of reasoning is fully consistent with Muhammad’s admission that he had
**_every intention to kill her_** even when he was planning the attack.
[emphasis in bold and bold italics in original]

We should observe that whilst the Respondent referred to the Applicant’s
motivation, the reference was, in fact, to his intention. This is clear when
the submission is read in its proper context (especially having regard to the
words which _the Respondent itself_ rendered in bold italics in the quotation
just set out above). _In any event_ , the Applicant’s motivation was extremely
important in the context of the present proceedings. As was observed by this
court in _Mohammed Ali bin Johari v Public Prosecutor_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1058
(at [58]):

It would thus appear that while motive is not an essential element of the
crime, it can “bolster the inference that an intention to commit the offence
was existent”, as Yong CJ observed astutely in [_Public Prosecutor v Oh Laye
Koh_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 120 at [24]). It is helpful in appropriate circumstances
by casting valuable (and even significant) light on the _intention_ of an
accused. … [emphasis in original]

37 Also of no small significance is the following observation in the HC
Judgment, where the High Court Judge observed as follows (see the HC Judgment
at [504]):

Secondly, Muhammad said he killed the deceased _because he_** _did not want to
be identified_**. I am of the view that whether Muhammad or Ismil was the
assailant, each must have known that _it was likely that the deceased_**
_would have to be killed to avoid any risk of identifying them_**. I did not
accept Ismil’s allegation that the killing was accidental. The numerous blows
contradicted any such suggestion. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

38 However, Mr Gill submitted that the use of the phrase “intended to kill”
was not what the Applicant meant. He also submitted that the Applicant used
this phrase whilst under the impression that he had been charged with murder
under s 300(_c_). With respect, this last-mentioned argument is strained and
artificial given the then state of the law. Further, this submission is
premised, in the main, on the (related) submission with regard to the
Respondent’s reference to s 300(_c_) in its Opening Address. However, for the
reasons set out above (at [29]), this submission (with regard to the
Respondent’s Opening Address) is not persuasive. However, what, then, about Mr
Gill’s first argument referred to at the outset of the present paragraph? In
particular, could it be argued that what the Applicant meant was that he had
merely intended to inflict the wounds he did on the deceased, which wounds
were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death under s
300(_c_) – as opposed to intending to cause her death under s 300(_a_)? With
respect, we are unable to accept this argument. Let us elaborate.

39 A key issue is this: why did the Applicant inflict the injuries that he did
on the deceased? It is the Applicant’s evidence, as well as that of his
psychiatrist, Dr Fones, that the Applicant had _intended_ to _silence_ the
deceased _to prevent her (the deceased) from identifying him (the Applicant)_
(see also his testimony reproduced above at [31], as well as the testimony of
Dr Fones, reproduced above at [35]; reference may also be made to the
Respondent’s Closing Submissions and the observation of the High Court Judge,
reproduced above at [36] and [37], respectively). At this juncture, it is very
important to note that _the Applicant and the deceased had prior contact with
each other_ (see above at [10]). Put simply, there was no way that the
Applicant could have _silenced_ the deceased in order to _prevent her_ from
_identifying_ him _unless_ he _killed_ her. In other words, the Applicant
inflicted the injuries he did on the deceased _with the intention of causing
the death of the deceased. This is quintessentially an instance of murder
under s 300(_ a _)._ On a related note, we have already observed that the
Applicant would have given this particular (as well as his other) testimony
_sincerely and truthfully_ (see above at [31]).

40 We also note that there were other facts which were consistent with the
intention on the part of the Applicant to cause the death of the deceased in
order to silence her and prevent her from ever identifying him. First, the
majority of the enormous number of wounds was found in a couple of the most
vulnerable parts of the deceased’s body – her head and her neck. Further, the
Applicant’s attack was _relentless –_ not content with having attacked the
deceased so severely the first time, he proceeded to attack her _more than
once when she was already in an utterly helpless position_ (see also the
Applicant’s testimony, reproduced above at [32] and [33]). Why would he have
needed to do that if he had no intention of _killing_ her? The Applicant’s
conduct _after_ he had inflicted the wounds on the deceased is also consistent
with the intention on his part to cause the death of the deceased in order to
silence her; as this court observed in the CA Judgment (at [136]):

The conduct of Muhammad after attacking the Deceased also indicates that he
was firmly in control of his mental faculties and was able to think and act
rationally. According to the statement of September 2007, after the attack,
Muhammad grabbed a bucket of water and poured it over the kitchen floor, and
wiped the chopper. During this cleanup he wore Mr Loh’s [the deceased’s
husband’s] shoes …, presumably to avoid leaving a footprint. He then disposed
of the shoes by placing them on the staircase landing between the eighth and
ninth floor. When he returned to his flat, he washed his hands, legs and face
and then changed his clothing. In our view, all these steps to conceal his
role in the killing cumulatively suggest clarity of thought and that a
rational mind was at work, and further support the conclusion that he was not
suffering from an abnormality of mind.

41 We also note that, given the huge number of incised and stab wounds the
Applicant had inflicted on the deceased (more than 110 in total), the only
other plausible reason for the Applicant doing what he did was that he had
inflicted these wounds in a frenzy owing to an abnormality of mind. In this
regard, Mr Gill emphasised before this court that the Applicant himself was
shocked when he discovered the number of wounds he had inflicted (see also
above at [25(c)(ii)]). _However_ , this is premised on the assumption that the
Applicant had an abnormality of mind which would, _ex hypothesi_ , have
entitled him to the defence of diminished responsibility in any event. But, as
we have already noted (see above at [23]), this court had _rejected_ this
defence when considering the Applicant’s appeal against conviction (see the CA
Judgment at [131]–[136]). On the contrary, it appears that it was the effects
of the ingestion of Dormicum by the Applicant that made him bold enough to
inflict so many wounds on the deceased (see also his own testimony, reproduced
above at [33]).

42 Finally, we deal with Mr Gill’s submission that if the Applicant had
intended to cause the death of the deceased, he would not have inflicted so
many wounds on the deceased but would, instead, have inflicted just a few
precise (and fatal) wounds at vulnerable parts of the deceased’s body. He also
pointed to the fact that none of the wounds inflicted on the deceased was, in
and of itself, a _fatal_ one. The logical conclusion of Mr Gill’s submission
was that the Applicant had _only_ intended to cause bodily injury that was
_short_ of an intention to kill. With respect, we are of the view that these
arguments are speculative. Indeed, it might well have been the case that the
Applicant was simply not an effective killer – an inference that is consistent
with the fact that the Applicant had been under the influence of drugs, _viz_
, Dormicum, which influence could have simultaneously given him the boldness
to kill the deceased (see also above at [41]) but which impaired the efficacy
of his strikes on the deceased with the weapons concerned. _Most importantly_
, this particular submission is _not_ consistent with the fact that the
Applicant had _intended_ to _permanently silence_ the deceased so that she
would not be able to identify him. Killing her was the only way in which he
could have fulfilled that objective. A mere intention to cause bodily injury
was incompatible with the Applicant’s objective.

43 In summary, we find that the Applicant had inflicted the wounds on the
deceased intending to cause her death and which, as it turned out, did in fact
cause her death, albeit not in the most conventional or effective way. The
deceased died through _acute exsanguination_ ; she literally bled to death
from the 110 or so wounds which were inflicted on her in a brutal attack which
was intended to _silence_ her so that she would not be able to identify him
(bearing in mind the fact that she had prior contact with him and would
definitely have been able to identify him if she were alive).

44 Before we conclude, there are two points which we would like to deal with.
First, the question might be posed as to why the Applicant did not kill Mr Loh
as well since his intention to kill the deceased was to conceal his identity.
The answer is clear. Mr Loh was bedridden, completely helpless and (for all
intents and purposes) seemingly unable to communicate effectively (or at all).
The Applicant was aware of Mr Loh’s physical state from his previous encounter
(see above at [10]), and it was also apparent to him again on the day of the
murder. In his own testimony, the Applicant said that he did not consider Mr
Loh a threat, unlike the deceased, because he thought that Mr Loh, given his
condition, did not have the ability to implicate him. It was immaterial
whether Mr Loh was _in fact_ capable of providing information to others that
may implicate the Applicant; the Applicant’s own assessment that Mr Loh was
incapable of doing so removed any motivation or need to have to silence Mr Loh
as well. Neither counsel raised this point but we deal with it for the sake of
completeness as this is a case involving capital punishment. Indeed, it may
well be the case that the point was not raised because it was (in our view as
well) a patently clear one.

45 Secondly, we received a letter (dated 17 September 2014) from Mr Gill on
behalf of the Applicant. Two days after the oral hearing before this court,
the Applicant sought (on 12 September 2014) “clarification on what transpired
at the Criminal Motion hearing”. Mr Gill then proceeded to state (at paras 4
and 5 of this letter), as follows:

4\. Following explanation of the arguments of the Prosecution **_and the
issues raised by the Honourable Court_** , our client provided _further
instructions_ as summarised below:

(a) Our client clarified that _at the time that the trial commenced he had
received legal advice on the fact that the Prosecution was proceeding under
section 300(c). He further clarified that he was advised that in this
particular case he had only 2 defences (i) to contest that he shared a common
intention with Ismil bin Kadar (at that time the Prosecution’s named
assailant) and/or (ii) diminished responsibility. He was told that because
this was a section 300(c) case, it would be impossible for Ismil bin Kadar to
show that he did not intend to cause the injuries sustained by the deceased._

(b) Our client _also_** _clarified on the admissions in his testimony at the
trial. He explained that he intended to kill the victim because she had
perished due to his acts. Essentially, our client said that he admitted that
his intention was to kill the deceased only because “_**** __she already die
by my hand__**** _”._**

5\. Having further reviewed the Record of Proceedings, we note that **_the
Prosecution only changed its position after our client had given his
testimony, he was not really given a proper opportunity to address the change
(notwithstanding the fact that he was represented by able Counsel at that
time)_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics; emphasis in underlined bold
italics was in italics in original]

46 Mr Gill then stated (at para 7 of this letter) that the Applicant stood
ready to file an application via a Criminal Motion “for the purposes of
adducing further evidence and further arguments for consideration” by this
court and that he proposed “to adduce [the Applicant’s] further evidence
through an affidavit … which will be filed together with the aforesaid
Criminal Motion”.

47 We replied that we did not require further evidence or further arguments.
Let us elaborate.

48 We are not surprised that the Applicant is now attempting to fill in gaps
in his case after having heard the questions we posed to both counsel. We gave
every opportunity to all counsel to furnish all their views on all the issues
raised at the oral hearing before us. The Applicant was also present
throughout the hearing. _In any event, the arguments raised in his letter (at
paras 4 and 5_ , _reproduced above at [45]) have already been addressed in
this judgment._

49 The point raised at para 4(a) of the letter (above at [45]) does _not_
really impact the fact that the Respondent’s reference to s 300(_c_) in its
Opening Address is not really material in the context of the present
proceedings (see above at [29]) and (more importantly) does _not_ address the
Applicant’s own testimony (as well as other evidence, submissions and finding)
that _he had intended to cause the death of the deceased in order to silence
her so that she would not be able to identify him (bearing in mind that she
had prior contact with him and would definitely have been able to identify him
if she were alive)._

50 The point raised at para 4(b) of the letter (above at [45]) does _not_
address the fundamental point as to why he had killed the deceased. Indeed, it
is not only the Applicant’s own testimony but also other objective evidence
that demonstrates (beyond a reasonable doubt) that _the Applicant had intended
to cause the death of the deceased in order to silence her so that she would
not be able to identify him (bearing in mind that she had prior contact with
him and would definitely have been able to identify him if she were alive)._

51 The point raised at para 5 of the letter (above at [45]) also does _not_
address the fundamental point that, _in the context of the present
proceedings_ , it is precisely the evidence relating to _the Applicant’s
actions in killing the deceased that is relevant as to which limb of s 300 the
Applicant’s act of murder fell within_ (see also above at [29]).

52 Indeed, in our view, the further arguments sought to be raised were merely
the _same_ arguments which the Applicant had _already_ raised, _via_ Mr Gill’s
written and/or oral submissions, and which were merely couched in either the
same or slightly different guise. In the circumstances, we were of the view
that there was no basis to permit the Applicant to adduce further evidence or
further arguments.

Conclusion

53 We would like to take this opportunity to commend Mr Gill for the
commitment he displayed in making all the arguments he could on behalf of the
Applicant in both his written as well as oral submissions before this court.
However, we are satisfied that the objective evidence on record establishes –
beyond a reasonable doubt – that the Applicant had intended to cause the death
of the deceased within the meaning of s 300(_a_) and that this is therefore
not an appropriate case to be remitted to the High Court for re-sentencing.

54 For the reasons set out above, we dismiss the Application and affirm the
sentence of death imposed on the Applicant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Sep 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

