Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Li Jianlin _v_ Asnah bte AB Rahman  
[2014] SGHC 198

Case Number| :| Suit No 720 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 October 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eric Liew Hwee Tong and Rebecca Chia Wei Lin (Gabriel Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff; Anthony Wee (United Legal Alliance LLC) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Li Jianlin — Asnah bte AB Rahman  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 175 of
2014 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 17 March 2016. See [2016] SGCA 16.]

8 October 2014| Judgment Reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Not that very long ago, it was considered rude not to take one’s sunglasses
off when talking to another person. Not long ago, pedestrians were taught to
“look left, look right, and then left again” before crossing the road.
Nowadays, people do not remove their sunglasses in conversation, and
pedestrians often cross the road diagonally with their backs to oncoming
vehicular traffic, or with heads down, looking at electronic devices of one
kind or other. Times and practices have changed, but road etiquette is not
mere social etiquette. Proper observance of safety precautions can be a
difference between safety and injury, or even life and death. Such is the
issue before me in this trial.

2 The plaintiff was 21 years old and was in full time National Service in June
2011. On 2 June 2011 about 10pm, he was crossing Bukit Batok West Avenue 5 at
a pedestrian crossing with the crossing lights in his favour. He was walking
from right to left in front of traffic going in the direction of Brickland
Road when he was knocked down by a taxi driven by the defendant. Bukit Batok
West Avenue 5 was a two way road with dual lanes on each side and a road-
divider with low metal fence separating the two sides. It is a well-lit road.
The pedestrian crossing in question was a break in the road-divider. The
plaintiff was hit after he had crossed the two lanes of traffic going in the
opposite direction (coming from the direction of Brickland Road).

3 He was about two or three steps into the right lane (as one faces Brickland
Road) when he was knocked down and suffered injuries to his head and hips,
including fractures in those areas. The impact of the collision was caused by
the front right side of the taxi. The defendant driver pleaded guilty to a
charge under s 64(1) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) for
dangerous driving. Under s 45A of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), the
defendant’s conviction in admissible in evidence to prove that she knocked the
plaintiff down with her taxi. In any case, none of the facts were in dispute.
The defendant’s counsel, Mr Anthony Wee, conceded that the only issue
concerning liability was whether the plaintiff was liable for contributory
negligence. Mr Eric Liew, counsel for the plaintiff submitted that there
should be no finding of any contributory negligence.

4 Mr Wee attempted to elicit from the plaintiff in cross-examination that the
plaintiff might be wearing clothing that made him (the plaintiff) poorly
visible. The plaintiff was unable to recall what he wore. Even if the
plaintiff did not wear high visibility clothing, contributory negligence is
not made out. Wearing high visibility clothing may be ideal. Rule 8 of the
Highway Code (Cap 276, R 11, 1990 Rev Ed) goes as far as to suggest that
pedestrians should wear white, or at the very least, carry items (such as
newspapers and handkerchiefs) that would make them more visible in unlighted
roads at night. However, to insist that he has to wear high visibility
clothing is not the law (_Powell v Phillips_ [1972] 3 All ER 864; _Probert v
Moore_ [2012] EWHC 2324), nor does it accord with common sense – the courts
cannot direct what pedestrians must wear.

5 Although Mr Wee submitted that the plaintiff ought to look left and right
before crossing, I find that there was no evidence whether the plaintiff or
did not do so. In any event, it is more important to note that in this case,
the plaintiff was hit after he had crossed more than half the breadth of the
road with the pedestrian controlled traffic lights in his favour. There are
two important implications arising from this situation. First, the pedestrian
can hardly be blamed for assuming that the vehicular traffic had already
stopped, and those that have not would surely have done so. The second
implication is that since the traffic light had been red against the defendant
for such a long time, the defendant had no excuse for not having enough time
to react.

6 The defendant was either deliberately running the red light, or was so
oblivious of the light for so long that in either case it afforded her no
excuse whatsoever. Under these circumstances, there can be no doubt that the
defendant was negligent and through her negligence she had caused injury to
the plaintiff for which she must be held liable. The only issue is whether the
plaintiff had contributed to the accident. I am of the view that in the
circumstances of this case, the plaintiff had not contributed to the accident.
This is not a case in which the plaintiff pedestrian was jaywalking or
crossing at a place in which he ought to have a heightened sense of caution.
If that were the case, the plaintiff may be said to have contributed to the
accident.

7 I note that the defendant’s lawyers submitted a report by an expert. This
report states that: (1) the defendant’s view of incoming pedestrians is
blocked by the railings on the road divider; and (2) the curve of Bukit Batok
West Avenue 5 created a “stroboscopic effect” on the defendant’s vision at the
time of the incident. Even if these were true, they are red herrings. The
defendant should have stopped as the lights were against her favour for a long
time. She cannot beat the red light even if no pedestrian was crossing.

8 Parties in road accidents are increasingly reliant on ‘reconstruction
experts’. That may be on the advice of lawyers. However, when using such
experts, the lawyers must appreciate the kind of evidence and advice the
experts provide so that the costs of engaging them can properly be reduced or
saved. First, photographs and sketch plans of the scene of the accident are
relevant but these can be obtained from the traffic police. If a party
disputes the photographs or plan he is entitled to adduce evidence of his
version. This kind of evidence is evidence of fact and may not require an
expensive ‘reconstructionist’ expert to produce. The second type of evidence
is the opinion of the ‘expert’ witness as to how, in his view, the accident
occurred and who was at fault. With respect, this is precisely the issue for
the court to determine, and unlike specialist medical cases, the court in
traffic accident cases will be relying on the same evidence the expert relies
on in determining how the accident occurred.

9 Finally, the defendant here was a taxi driver and like drivers of commercial
vehicles, especially heavy vehicles, a taxi driver is a professional driver.
She drives for a living. I think that it is not requiring much for
professional drivers such as the defendant to lead the way in safe and
courteous driving. There is no reason why they cannot be the role models for
other drivers to follow.

10 For the reasons above, I find that the accident was caused solely by the
negligence of the defendant. I will hear parties as to costs if they are
unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Oct 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

