Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PSONS Ltd _v_ UPF Holding Pte Ltd and others  
[2014] SGHC 55

Case Number| :| Suit No 750 of 2013 (Summons No 5068 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 March 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Pradeep Pillai, Stephanie Wee and Ng Wenling (Shook Lin &
Bok LLP) for the plaintiff; P Padman and Aaron Wham (Tan Kok Quan Partnership)
for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  PSONS Ltd — UPF Holding Pte Ltd and others  
  
31 March 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an application by the defendants to set aside the mareva injunction
granted pursuant to Summons No 4333 of 2013. Summons No 4333 of 2013 concerned
an application by the plaintiff in this case, before me on 29 August 2013, for
an injunction against the defendants in this case, prohibiting the disposal of
their assets in Singapore up to the value of US$900,000. For the first
defendant, the injunction extended to monies in its corporate bank accounts,
whereas for the second and third defendants, the injunction extended to their
shares in the first defendant.

2 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in Hong Kong, engaged in the
business of mining and trading minerals. The first defendant is a trading
company primarily involved in the wood and pulp business, incorporated in
Singapore. The second and third defendants are directors of the first
defendant, and are involved in the day-to-day running of the business. Each of
them owns 50% of the shares of the first defendant.

3 On 18 November 2009, after some negotiations, the plaintiff and the first
defendant signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”). Under the MOU, the
plaintiff was to pay US$610,000 to the first defendant in exchange for the
first defendant’s help to procure a mining licence for the plaintiff in Laos.
This sum was to be paid in stages. When the first defendant accomplished a
certain goal in the process of obtaining the licence, a portion would be due.
Altogether, the plaintiff had paid the first defendant an aggregate sum of
US$841,350 (including expenses). However, no licence was obtained. The
plaintiff and the defendants tried many times to resolve their dispute through
negotiations. On 25 July 2012, parties arrived at a further agreement (“the
Bangkok Agreement”), through which the plaintiff gave the defendants two to
three weeks more to obtain the licence, failing which the defendants had to
return the sum of US$841,350 to the plaintiff. However, the licence was not
obtained, nor was the plaintiff repaid.

4 On 20 August 2013, the plaintiff commenced Suit No 750 of 2013 in the High
Court. It pleaded two causes of action, namely, breach of contract and the
tort of deceit. On 29 August 2013, the plaintiff appeared before me seeking an
urgent _ex parte_ injunction order. I allowed the application. On 10 December
2013, proceedings against the first defendant were stayed in favour of
arbitration – the plaintiff commenced arbitration against the first defendant
and filed the notice of arbitration on 11 March 2014. The plaintiff wishes to
continue the proceedings in Suit No 750 of 2013 against the second and third
defendants. As such, the plaintiff prayed for the injunction order to remain
in force against all three defendants.

5 5 Having now had the benefit of hearing submissions from both parties, I
find that the foundation on which this mareva injunction was based is
untenable. I am thus allowing the defendants’ application to set aside the
injunction. When counsel appeared before me, both sides seemed keen to delve
into whether the elements of the test for granting a mareva injunction had
been made out. Both sides agreed there was a good arguable case, and the
contention was on whether there was a risk of dissipation. I find it more
appropriate, however, to review the equitable nature of a mareva injunction.
It is from this perspective that I am allowing the defendants’ application,
for I have found that the plaintiff did not come to this court with clean
hands. I explain my decision by first highlighting the background as it was
presented to me by parties both in their written and oral submissions. Second,
I will briefly elaborate on the “clean hands” doctrine.

6 Much revolves around the MOU, the negotiations that led up to it, and the
subsequent attempts at negotiation when the first defendant allegedly failed
to perform its side of the “bargain”. Based on the facts as presented in [3],
two questions arise: what was the plaintiff paying the defendant for? And why
did the plaintiff need the defendants? The plaintiff is a company with
experience in the mining industry. The defendant is not – it is a trading
company primarily involved in the wood and pulp business. When parties
appeared before me on 17 March 2014, I posed these questions to counsel for
the plaintiff. Counsel for the plaintiff responded that the plaintiff had made
the payments totalling US$841,350 with the understanding that the would be
used by the defendants towards paying “facilitation fees” and “costs for the
relevant applications to liaising with the various government departments to
secure the licences”. The plaintiff also claimed to have relied on the
defendants as they represented to it that they had already established
relationships with relevant parties in Laos. The plaintiff made much of the
fact that the MOU was structured in a manner that required payments to be made
in stages. This, the plaintiff argued, signified the “legitimacy” of the
plaintiff’s involvement in the deal. For ease of reference, I set out the
relevant terms of the MOU:

APPLICATION COSTS, PAYMENT MILESTONES and TIMEFRAMES

The structure of payment of the facilitation fee shall be as follows:-

1.US$100,000.00 to be paid within 3 banking days from the date of signing of
this MOU.

Date:- 12th – 20th November 2009

2.US$150,000.00 to be paid when DFSP is completed, the said draft reviewed by
PSONS and approved by PSONS, and the said DFSP is submitted to FIMC for
Circulation to all Relevant Ministerial Departments ( list of 8 as per
attachment “B” of this MOU) and the relevant confirmation from FIMC to be
provided by UPF.

Date:- 28th – 30th November 2009

3.US$140,000.00 to be paid upon receipt of confirmation that FIMC has
circulated the application to all relevant Depts, Such confirmation shall be a
letter / message from FIMC confirming that the circulation has been completed.

Date:- 1st – 5th December 2009

4.US$120,000.00 to be paid when UPF provides confirmation that all Dept have
received the Application as circulated by FIMC. Such confirmation shall be
provided by UPF by way of stamped confirmations from each relevant Dept.
indicating that the application has been received by them.

Date:- 20th – 25th December 2

5.US$100,000.00 to be paid when FIMC is instructed by the PM’s Office to
issues a letter to PSONS advising that the Mining Licence has now been
submitted to the PMO’s office and will be discussed and processed at the
Parliament Meeting for approval on 11th – 13th January 2010.

Date:- 8th – 10th January 2010

6.US$140,000.00 to be paid in exchange for the Exploration Mining Licence as
signed by the PM’s Office.

Date:- 18th – 20th January 2010.

_[sic]_

7 It is evident from the “payment schedule”, even without an understanding of
the abbreviations used (most of which were not even defined in the MOU), that
the plaintiff’s claim to legitimacy is a weak one. There is no term as to the
use to which the sums are put, no clarification as to how the sums are arrived
at, which portion is directed to the defendant and which to the administrative
costs (if any). The payment schedule is hence neutral at best and damaging to
the plaintiff’s case at worst. From the casual manner and careless drafting
(for example, the year in the date in cl 4, is incomplete), as well as
arithmetic inadequacy of the schedule (the plaintiff alleges that US$841,350
had been paid to the defendants, whereas the schedule only “accounts” for
US$750,000), it may even be taken as an attempt by the plaintiff – or both
parties – to obscure their conduct and create a misleading story of their
venture. The plaintiff’s very reliance on the schedule as a “shield of
legitimacy” lends further support to that possibility.

8 The schedule was relied on by the plaintiff presumably as a ground for
resisting the defendants’ application to set aside the injunction. That
approach failed. So, too, did the plaintiff’s reliance on the case of
_Solvadis Commodity Chemicals GmbH v Affert Resources Pte Ltd_ [2014] 1 SLR
174 (“ _Solvadis_ ”) for the proposition that evidence that the defendant had
previously acted in a way which shows that his probity is not to be relied on
can constitute evidence of a risk of dissipation of the defendant’s assets”
(see _Solvadis_ at [16], citing with approval _Guan Chong Cocoa Manufacturer
Sdn Bhd v Pratiwi Shipping SA_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 157 at [18], which in turn
cited with approval the words of Mustil J in _Ninemia Maritime Corporation v
Trave Schiffahrtsgesellschaft mbH (The Niedersachsen)_ [1983] 1 WLR 1412 at
406). The plaintiff tried to emphasise the defendants’ alleged “lack of
probity” to bolster its case that there was a risk of dissipation of assets.
The defendants had argued that the first defendant was a company worth more
than S$12m, that the shares in the first defendant, which were owned by the
second and third defendants, had always been in Singapore, and that the
defendants had hitherto made no attempt to sell away the the shares, or
dissipate the assets by any other means. In response, the plaintiff submitted
that the defendants acted dishonestly by their forgery of a letter allegedly
from a Deputy Minister in Laos. This forgery was discovered by the plaintiff
on 21 June 2012. Although I accept that forgery of an official document would
be a fraudulent act, all I have is the plaintiff’s word on this point. And
although I am not prepared to make a conclusive finding as to whether the
document was indeed forged (although, counsel for the defendants did not seem
to dispute it), I note that the plaintiff continued to deal with the
defendants even after it was made aware of the forgery – and even went so far
as to sign a further agreement (the Bangkok Agreement, on 25 July 2012).

9 If it was not clear to the plaintiff initially that it had encouraged the
defendants to conduct illicit activities at the time of signing the MOU (which
I doubt), it must surely have been clear by 21 June 2012. As such, the two
points raised by the plaintiff, the schedule and the defendants’ alleged
forgery, turned out to be its Achilles’ heel. The situation then seems to be a
clear one: the plaintiff went into the deal with the defendants with full
knowledge of what the defendants had to do.

10 The authority of ICF Spry, _The Principles of Equitable Remedies_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2007) at p 409 was cited by Judith Prakash J in _Beckkett Pte
Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another_ [2011] 1 SLR 524 (“ _Beckkett_ ”) for its
description of the “clean hands” doctrine. I think it is useful to set it out
as well:

It is not uncommon to find broad statements that a plaintiff is not granted an
injunction if he does not have clean hands. Properly understood these
statements are correct; but they should be applied cautiously, for it is by no
means true that a plaintiff who has acted unconscionably is refused all access
to the court or that he is considered to be beyond protection for all
purposes. ... It has been said that the principle on which the court acts is
that protection is denied the plaintiff 'where the right relied on, and which
the court of equity is asked to protect or assist, is itself to some extent
brought into existence or induced by some illegal or unconscionable conduct of
the plaintiff', so that protection for what he claims involves protection for
his own wrong: 'No court of equity will aid a man to derive advantage from his
own wrong, and this is really the meaning of the maxim.'

11 Although _Beckkett_ concerned an anti-suit injunction, I do not see why the
clean hands doctrine should be any different when it comes to mareva
injunctions. In this case, I am able to come to one of four findings, with
regard to the parties’ eligibility for equitable remedies:

(a) that neither party was in the wrong;

(b) that the defendants were in the wrong;

(c) that the plaintiff was in the wrong; or

(d) that both the plaintiff and defendants were in the wrong.

12 The plaintiff’s injunction can only be justified in the case of either (a)
or (b). However, based on the evidence presented to me, I am unable to reach
the finding in either (a) or (b). With the benefit of submissions from the
defendants, but more so – ironically – the plaintiff’s rebuttals, I am now
able to better understand the plaintiff’s involvement in this matter, and am
more inclined towards (d). The plaintiff cannot say it was not involved, let
alone unaware, of the illicit activities in Laos, and hence should not be
allowed to avail itself to equitable relief. Accordingly, I have allowed the
defendants’ application to set aside the mareva injunction granted on 29
August 2013. Liberty to the defendants to apply for damages and costs at the
end of the arbitration proceedings.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Mar 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

