Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Beng Chua _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 130

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 327 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 July 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  See Kee Oon JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Bala Chandran s/o A Kandiah (Mallal & Namazie) for the
Appellant; Suhas Malhotra and Mary Chong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Tan Beng Chua — Public Prosecutor  
  
4 July 2014|  
---|---  
  
See Kee Oon JC:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal brought by Tan Beng Chua (“the Appellant”) against the
decision of the District Judge in _Public Prosecutor v Tan Beng Chua_ [2014]
SGDC 22. The Appellant pleaded guilty to four charges under s 137(_a_) of the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for making false statements
to the Official Assignee (“the OA”) and was sentenced to a total of four
weeks’ imprisonment. With the Appellant’s consent, another ten related charges
under the Act were taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. The
Appellant brought the present appeal on the ground that the sentence imposed
by the District Judge was manifestly excessive.

2 At the hearing before me on 23 May 2014, I dismissed the appeal. I now set
out the full grounds for my decision.

Background facts

3 The Appellant was adjudged a bankrupt on 2 January 2004 and was still an
undischarged bankrupt as at the date of the appeal hearing. One of his
statutory obligations as a bankrupt was to submit an account of his income and
expenses to the OA under s 82(1)(_a_) of the Act. If a material omission or a
false statement was made on any of these statements, the Appellant would be
guilty of an offence under s 137(_a_) of the Act.

4 In his written mitigation plea tendered to the court below, the Appellant
stated that a few days after being declared a bankrupt, he received flyers in
his mailbox offering services to complete and file his income and expenditure
statements (“I&E Statements”) on his behalf. The Appellant then contacted one
“Eddie” from Guardian Consultants and engaged him to file his I&E Statements
on his behalf electronically using the Appellant’s SingPass. According to the
Appellant, he did not receive copies of his I&E Statements from “Eddie”. When
his mother passed away on 23 January 2006, the Appellant claimed to have
verbally informed “Eddie” of his mother’s demise but “Eddie” could not recall
whether he was so informed.[note: 1]

5 It was undisputed that all the Appellant’s I&E Statements filed with the OA
up to April 2010 had consistently indicated that he was incurring a monthly
sum of $1,200 on his mother’s medical expenses. On 6 April 2010, the OA wrote
to the Appellant and asked for documentary proof of these expenses which he
had allegedly incurred on his mother.[note: 2] On 19 April 2010, the Appellant
replied and informed the OA that his mother had in fact passed away in
2006.[note: 3]

6 Between 15 May 2006 and 16 February 2010, the Appellant submitted a total of
14 false I&E Statements to the OA. Each of these statements contained a false
declaration that the Appellant had spent $1,200 per month in medical expenses
on his mother. The 14 charges brought against the Appellant are summarised in
the table below:

No |  Charge  |  Date of false statement |  Period for which false statement was made |  Proceed / Taken into consideration (“TIC”)  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 |  OAS-000080-MSC-2013 |  15 May 2006 |  February 2006 to April 2006 |  TIC  
2 |  OAS-000081-MSC-2013 |  7 August 2006 |  May 2006 to July 2006 |  TIC  
3 |  OAS-000082-MSC-2013 |  2 March 2007 |  November 2006 to January 2007 |  TIC  
4 |  OAS-000083-MSC-2013 |  19 May 2007 |  February 2007 to April 2007 |  TIC  
5 |  OAS-000084-MSC-2013 |  24 August 2007 |  May 2007 to July 2007 |  TIC  
6 |  OAS-000085-MSC-2013 |  16 November 2007 |  August 2007 to October 2007 |  TIC  
7 |  OAS-000086-MSC-2013 |  22 February 2008 |  November 2007 to January 2008 |  TIC  
8 |  OAS-000087-MSC-2013 |  15 May 2008 |  February 2008 to April 2008 |  TIC  
9 |  OAS-000088-MSC-2013 |  6 August 2008 |  May 2008 to July 2008 |  TIC  
10 |  OAS-000089-MSC-2013 |  6 November 2008 |  August 2008 to October 2008 |  TIC  
11 |  OAS-000090-MSC-2013 |  15 February 2009 |  November 2008 to January 2009 |  Proceed  
12 |  OAS-000091-MSC-2013 |  5 May 2009 |  February 2009 to April 2009 |  Proceed  
13 |  OAS-000092-MSC-2013 |  3 August 2009 |  May 2009 to July 2009 |  Proceed  
14 |  OAS-000093-MSC-2013 |  16 February 2010 |  August 2009 to January 2010 |  Proceed  
  
  

7 The Appellant also faced a separate set of ten charges for failing to
account for and pay over various bonus payments from his employer under ss
82(1)(_a_) and 82(1)(_b_) of the Act. After he was charged in court, the
Appellant paid a sum of $15,382.98 towards the bankruptcy estate.[note: 4]
This sum represented only part of the total bonus payments he had received
over the years which he had failed to account for. The District Judge granted
a discharge amounting to an acquittal for these ten charges upon the OA’s
application to withdraw these charges after the Appellant had compounded these
offences.

The decision below

8 The District Judge held that:

(a) The Appellant showed a “total disdain” for his obligations under the Act
because he did not bother to check his I&E Statements that were filed with the
OA when this could have been easily done (at [16]).

(b) The Appellant did not voluntarily inform the OA of the false medical
claims. He first realised that false claims were being made for his mother’s
medical expenses in February 2010 but he kept quiet. He only informed the OA
on 19 April 2010 after the OA asked for documentary proof of the medical
expenses on 6 April 2010 (at [17]).

(c) The Appellant was not illiterate or ignorant. His attitude over his
obligation to submit information to the OA demonstrated that he deliberately
chose not to co-operate with the OA (at [18]).

9 The District Judge therefore sentenced the Appellant to two weeks’
imprisonment on each of the four charges, with two sentences ordered to run
consecutively. This amounted to a total of four weeks’ imprisonment.

My decision on the appropriate sentence

10 In submitting that the sentence should be upheld, the Respondent argued
that the general position was that custodial terms should generally be imposed
on bankrupts who commit offences under the Act. _Public Prosecutor v Ong Ker
Seng_ [2001] 4 SLR 180 (“ _Ong Ker Seng_ ”) was cited in support of this
contention. In that case, Yong Pung How CJ held (at [36]) that offences of
obtaining credit without disclosure under s 141(1)(_a_) of the Act were more
appropriately punished with imprisonment than with a fine. Yong CJ reasoned
that if a fine was imposed, “either someone else would have to pay the fine on
the offender’s behalf (for which any punitive effect would clearly be diluted)
or, alternatively, the fine would have to be derived from funds which should
be available for creditors in the first place” (at [36]).

11 These observations were elaborated upon by Yong CJ in _Public Prosecutor v
Choong Kian Haw_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 997 (“ _Choong Kian Haw_ ”) at [24]. He first
affirmed that fines were in general not a suitable means of punishment since
bankrupts would typically lack the means to pay for the fines themselves. Yong
CJ went on to state that this general principle was not limited to offences
committed under s 141(1)(_a_) but applied with equal force to the sentencing
of bankrupts in general. Nevertheless, Yong CJ acknowledged that fines may be
imposed in appropriate circumstances.

12 More recently, in _Ganesh s/o M Sinnathamby v PP_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 495 (“
_Ganesh_ ”), the High Court referred to Yong CJ’s observations in _Choong Kian
Haw_ and observed that guidelines in past cases should be applied with due
appreciation of the unique facts and circumstances of each individual case and
that it was the duty of the court to tailor criminal sanctions to the
individual offender (at [27]). In that case, it was of “crucial importance”
(at [30]) that the offender was no longer an undischarged bankrupt at the time
of his conviction and the court did not apply the general proposition in
_Choong Kian Haw_. After considering the mitigating circumstances of the
offences, the court substituted the original sentence of four weeks’
imprisonment with a fine of $8,000.

13 Finally, in _Kalaiarasi d/o Marimuthu Innasimuthu v Public Prosecutor_
[2012] 2 SLR 774 (“ _Kalaiarasi_ ”), the High Court allowed the offender’s
appeal against her original sentence of eight weeks’ imprisonment and ordered
a conditional discharge for a period of 12 months. The District Court below in
that case had relied on _Choong Kian Haw_ and noted that there were no
exceptional circumstances that warranted an imposition of a fine instead of a
custodial term. In contrast, the High Court made no mention of the general
proposition in _Choong Kian Haw_ but instead placed considerable weight on:
(a) the inordinate delay in prosecuting the offender which was solely caused
by an oversight on the part of the prosecuting authorities; (b) the offender’s
gainful employment; and (c) the offender’s lack of antecedents in coming to
the conclusion that a discharge was more appropriate than an imprisonment
term.

14 In the light of the recent decisions of _Ganesh_ and _Kalaiarasi_ , I
undertook a closer scrutiny of the general proposition in _Choong Kian Haw_ ,
_ie_ , that fines are generally not a suitable means of punishment for
bankruptcy offences since bankrupts would typically lack the means to pay for
the fines themselves. In particular, I was concerned that although Yong CJ had
recognised that fines could be imposed in appropriate circumstances for
offences under the Act, the general proposition may have been understood over
time to mean that custodial sentences will almost invariably be imposed for
_all_ bankruptcy offences. With respect, _Choong Kian Haw_ should not be taken
to have laid down a rigid and inflexible rule.

15 First, it is pertinent to note that the underlying assumption in _Choong
Kian Haw_ is that bankrupts do not have access to funds other than (a)
donations from benevolent third parties; and/or (b) funds that are available
for creditors. However, with respect, this assumption may not always hold
true. Some bankrupts may have other legitimate sources of funds that may be
used to pay a fine. These include CPF monies that a member is entitled to
withdraw upon reaching 55 years of age (see s 78(2)(_d_) of the Act read with
ss 15(2) and 24(2)(_c_) of the Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36, 2013 Rev
Ed)) and the sale proceeds of a Housing and Development Board flat (see s
78(2)(_d_) of the Act read with s 51(5) of the Housing and Development Act
(Cap 129, 2004 Rev Ed)). Hence, the general proposition in _Choong Kian Haw_
may have been misapplied somewhat to extend to every case irrespective of
whether a bankrupt has legitimate sources of funds which are not available for
distribution to creditors. In my opinion, there is no reason why in
appropriate circumstances, such as where the nature of the bankruptcy offence
itself is relatively minor and absent any aggravating features, a fine cannot
be considered where a bankrupt has access to such sources of funds.

16 Secondly, a number of bankruptcy offences are compoundable (see Bankruptcy
(Composition of Offences) Rules (Cap 20, R 5, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the Composition
Rules”)). These include leaving Singapore without the OA’s permission under s
131(_b_) of the Act (this was the offence in _Choong Kian Haw_ and _Ganesh_)
and failing to file I&E Statements under s 82(1)(_a_) of the Act (this was the
offence in _Kalaiarasi_). It should be noted that _Choong Kian Haw_ was
decided before the Composition Rules came into force on 24 October 2008. The
general proposition in _Choong Kian Haw_ should therefore be understood in the
context where composition was not available under the then-prevailing regime
of bankruptcy administration. I should add that an offence under s 137(_a_) of
the Act is not compoundable, and a more serious view should generally be taken
of an offence which might involve active fraud, misrepresentation or
misstatement. Having noted the above considerations, _Choong Kian Haw_
nevertheless remains a useful starting point that can be applied with regard
to the surrounding facts and circumstances of a particular case involving a
bankruptcy offence. I would add that an offender does not have to go to the
extent of showing that there are _exceptional_ circumstances warranting a
deviation from the imposition of a custodial sentence for bankruptcy offences.
It should suffice if he can show that there are sufficiently strong mitigating
circumstances which render the imposition of a custodial sentence
inappropriate. With this in mind, I turn to examine the facts of the present
case.

17 First, the Appellant’s duty to file and submit I&E Statements to the OA was
personal and non-delegable (see _Choong Kian Haw_ at [17]). This duty is an
important one as it ensures proper accountability by the bankrupt for the
effective administration of his bankruptcy to the benefit of his creditors. On
the facts, the Appellant chose to run the risk of delegating his obligation to
file the statements to “Eddie” without bothering to check even once for six
years or ask for copies of the statements for the purpose of verifying them.
This demonstrates his blatant disregard for his obligations under the Act. I
would add that the nature of the offence under s 137(_a_) of the Act involves
the falsity or material omission of statements made to the OA and the fact
that someone else submitted the statements on the Appellant’s behalf does not
detract from the falsity of the statements made every three months for a
period of over six years.

18 Secondly, contrary to the assertions made by the Appellant, he did not
inform the OA of the false expenses in his I&E Statements on his own accord.
It was undisputed that the OA’s query on 6 April 2010 led to eventual
disclosure by the Appellant on 19 April 2010 of his mother’s death. At that
point, the Appellant must have known that he could not deceive the OA any
further and there would have been no point claiming otherwise because the OA
would have been able to ascertain the fact and date of his mother’s death
without much difficulty. Therefore, the Appellant’s reply on 19 April 2010 can
hardly be considered a _voluntary_ admission of his breaches of duty. Further,
as pointed out by the District Judge, the Appellant received copies of his I&E
Statements sometime in February 2010 which contained the false expenses
claims. However, the Appellant chose not to set the record straight with the
OA immediately on these false claims but instead chose to keep quiet. He only
admitted that his mother had already passed away after the OA wrote to him on
6 April 2010.

19 In my view, the Appellant’s conduct demonstrated the lack of a genuine
desire to cooperate fully with the OA. It was not consistent with the conduct
of a person who was truly interested in ensuring that he would meet his
statutory obligations.

20 Thirdly, the quantum of payments made by the Appellant towards the
bankruptcy estate did not amount to a strong mitigating factor. The Appellant
argued that he had paid a total of $58,418.48 in respect of the outstanding
total admitted debt of $140,577.35, which is about 42% of the total debt.
However, $15,382.98 of the amount paid towards the estate was only paid after
the Appellant had been charged with failing to disclose several bonus payments
which he had received from his employer (see above at [7]). This amount was
only part of the total bonus payments he had received in any event. Therefore,
the Appellant had really only paid $43,035.50 towards the bankruptcy estate
voluntarily and this represents only approximately 30% of the total admitted
debt that has been paid over a period of eight years. I recognise that this is
not an insignificant amount and the Appellant did exhibit some level of co-
operation with the OA through his regular monthly payments of $400 towards the
bankruptcy estate. Nevertheless, the total amount paid towards the estate
could very well have been much more if the Appellant had truthfully and fully
declared the actual state of his financial affairs to the OA.

21 The Appellant concedes that the statements were false as there were no
remaining medical expenses after his mother’s demise in January 2006. It
remains unclear what he had actually used the funds for, or indeed whether he
had expended them at all. He has merely suggested somewhat callously that on
hindsight, he could simply have attributed the $1,200 claim in his I&E
Statements to “other expenses”.

22 Fourthly, the offences committed by the Appellant under s 137(_a_) of the
Act are more serious than the offences committed in _Choong Kian Haw_ ,
_Ganesh_ and _Kalaiarasi_. This is reflected in the fact that the offence is
not compoundable and the higher prescribed punishment of a maximum of three
years’ imprisonment or a $10,000 fine or both (see s 146 of the Act) as
compared to the punishment in ss 82(2) and 131(2) of the Act where a maximum
of two years imprisonment or a $10,000 fine or both is prescribed. However, I
should state that this does not inexorably mean that all offences that are not
compoundable will automatically result in a custodial term. Whether an offence
is compoundable is but one factor that will be considered in the context of
the facts and circumstances of each case.

23 Although the Appellant had sufficient CPF funds at his disposal to pay a
fine, this did not lead to the conclusion that a custodial term would be
inappropriate. In my judgment, a custodial term was warranted on the facts of
this case given the aggravating features, primarily the number of false
declarations, the protracted period in which these declarations were made and
the substantial amount undeclared which could have otherwise gone towards the
Appellant’s creditors had he chosen to make the funds available. These facts
suggest that the Appellant had little intention of cooperating fully with the
OA in his bankruptcy administration. Rather, he had intended to avoid making
more substantial repayments to the fullest extent possible. The amount falsely
declared in monthly expenses, $1,200, was three times the amount of his
monthly $400 contribution towards the bankruptcy estate.

24 The available sentencing precedents for such offences under s 137(_a_) of
the Act indicate that short custodial terms ranging from two to four weeks
have been imposed, but prosecutions for such cases do not appear to be
commonplace. From the Respondent’s submissions, it would appear that there
were only four prosecutions for this offence in the preceding six years since
2008.

25 In my view, a short custodial term ranging from two to four weeks per
charge may be considered as the starting point in sentencing, although a fine
may be sufficient where the offence is a one-off instance and the offender has
generally been cooperative in his bankruptcy administration.

Conclusion

26 In the circumstances, the Appellant could not be said to have been
generally cooperative with the OA in the administration of his bankruptcy
estate. There were no strong mitigating factors suggesting that the custodial
term imposed by the District Judge was inappropriate.

27 For the reasons set out above, I dismissed the appeal.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) at p 43.

[note: 2]ROP at p 44.

[note: 3]ROP at pp 66 to 67.

[note: 4]ROP at p 53.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Jul 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

