Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Triulzi Cesare SRL _v_ Xinyi Group (Glass) Co Ltd  
[2014] SGHC 220

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1114 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 October 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Paul Tan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; Koh Swee
Yen and Paul Loy (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Triulzi Cesare SRL — Xinyi Group (Glass) Co Ltd  
  
30 October 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Triulzi Cesare SRL (“Triulzi”), a company incorporated in
Italy, is in the business of, _inter alia_ , manufacturing and producing
horizontal and vertical washing machines for glass sheets. The defendant,
Xinyi Group (Glass) Company Limited (“Xinyi”), a company incorporated in Hong
Kong, is in the business of manufacturing and selling, _inter alia_ , float
glass products, solar glass products, automobile glass products and other
associated products in the People’s Republic of China.

2 Triulzi and Xinyi entered into three contracts on 17 November 2009 for
Xinyi’s purchase of Triulzi’s washing machines. The precise contractual
arrangements between the parties are not relevant to the present application.
Suffice to say for now, the three contracts provided for any disputes between
the parties to be resolved by arbitration in Singapore.

3 Disputes arose between the parties that led to Xinyi commencing an
arbitration in the International Court of Arbitration of the International
Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) _vide_ Case No. 18848/CYK) (“the Arbitration”).
The sole arbitrator, Mr Woo Tchi Chu (“the Tribunal”), was appointed by the
end of September 2012. The Arbitration was governed by the ICC Rules of
Arbitration 2012 (“the ICC Rules 2012”).

4 On 12 August 2013, the Tribunal issued a final award dated 12 August 2013
(“the Award”) which was forwarded to the parties by the ICC Secretariat on 19
August 2013. The Tribunal allowed Xinyi’s claim and dismissed Triulzi’s
counterclaim.

5 Triulzi filed Originating Summons No 1114 of 2013 (“OS 1114/2013”) on 18
November 2013 to set aside the Award under Art 34(2) of the UNCITRAL Model Law
on International Commercial Arbitration 1985 (“the Model Law”), as set out in
the First Schedule to the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev
Ed) (“the IAA”), and s 24(_b_) of the IAA.

6 Mr Paul Tan (“Mr Tan”) represented Triulzi in OS 1114/2013 while Mr Shum Wai
Keong (“Mr Shum”) was Triulzi’s counsel in the Arbitration. Ms Koh Swee Yen
(“Ms Koh”) represented Xinyi in both OS 1114/2013 and the Arbitration.

Gist of the underlying dispute in the Arbitration

Xinyi’s case

7 By cl 15 of each contract, upon the installation of each washing machine at
Xinyi’s premises, an acceptance test would be conducted by both parties in
accordance with the technical specifications. This involved an 8-hour
uninterrupted test with different sizes of glass sheets. If the installed
machine failed the acceptance test, Xinyi could then cancel the respective
contract and Triulzi would have to refund Xinyi the purchase price. Triulzi
was allowed to make modifications to the machine twice but the acceptance
period must not extend beyond 70 days.

8 Xinyi’s case, as stated in the Award, was that sometime during July 2010,
the first washing machine was delivered to and installed at Xinyi’s facility
by Triulzi pursuant to the first contract. The machine was found to be faulty
on several occasions and it underwent modifications. Despite all that, the
machine still failed to meet the technical specifications stipulated in the
first contract. Stains were found on the glass sheets after being washed in
the machine. An acceptance test was carried out from 7 to 12 May 2011 and the
machine failed the acceptance test. In or around May 2011, Xinyi cancelled the
first contract by asking Triulzi to take back the machine.

9 On or around 15 February 2011, the second washing machine was delivered to
and installed at Xinyi’s facility by Triulzi pursuant to the second contract.
Xinyi informed Triulzi that the machine also failed to meet the technical
specifications stipulated in the second contract. Xinyi cancelled the second
contract on 8 June 2011.

10 On or around 5 March 2011, Xinyi paid 10% of the purchase price of the
third washing machine pursuant to the third contract. In view of the defects
found in the second machine, Triulzi was requested, on or around 25 April
2011, to conduct a detailed factory inspection of the third machine before
delivering it to Xinyi’s facility. Triulzi did not respond to this request and
did not deliver the third machine to Xinyi. Thereafter, Xinyi cancelled the
third contract on or around 8 June 2011.

11 In the Arbitration, Xinyi claimed for a refund of the purchase price paid
under all three contracts as well as damages.

Triulzi’s case

12 Triulzi’s Answer and Counterclaim in the Arbitration was that the first
washing machine was fully operational by late December 2010 or early January
2011\. Triulzi alleged that the first machine’s faulty performance was due to
the dirty and dusty environment of Xinyi’s premises where it was installed and
the lack of proper maintenance of the machine by Xinyi. Furthermore, the
stains on the glass sheets were not caused by the first machine but from
another machine which processed the glass sheets in the manufacturing process.
According to Triulzi, all issues with the first machine were resolved by March
2011. Xinyi did not reject the first machine and did not ask Triulzi to take
the machine back.

13 As regards the second washing machine, Triulzi’s position was that its
technician could not properly install and test the second machine as Xinyi
failed to provide the necessary facilities for proper testing. However, the
second machine was thereafter found to be operational during the technician’s
second visit. Despite the fact that the first and second washing machines were
properly installed and functional, Xinyi failed to make full payment of the
purchase price for both machines.

14 Triulzi also claimed that the third machine was never delivered because of
Xinyi’s stated intention to reject the delivery of the machine in a letter
dated 8 June 2011 to Triulzi.

15 Triulzi therefore counterclaimed for the balance of the purchase price
owing under the first two contracts and specific performance of the third
contract.

The Award

16 The evidential hearing was held from 22 to 25 April 2013. The events, prior
to 22 April 2013 and at the evidential hearing itself, are at the heart of OS
1114/2013. A chronology of the relevant events is set out below (at [25]–
[43]). Paragraphs of the Award that are relevant to OS 1114/2013 are set out
in the course of this Judgment.

Outline of the issues in OS 1114/2013

17 Triulzi alleges a number of serious breaches in the Tribunal’s conduct of
the arbitral proceedings which had caused it prejudice. According to Mr Tan,
the Tribunal’s conduct violated a number of obligations under the IAA and the
Model Law. Triulzi submits that the Award should be set aside on the following
grounds:

(a) on the basis of Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law in that the Tribunal’s
decision to admit Xinyi’s expert witness statement was in breach of the
parties’ agreed arbitral procedure (“Issue 1”);

(b) on the basis of Art 34(2)(_a_)(ii) of the Model Law and s 24(_b_) of the
IAA in that Triulzi was, _inter alia_ , not afforded a reasonable opportunity
to be heard in respect of expert evidence (“Issue 2”); and

(c) on the basis of Art 34(2)(_b_)(ii) of the Model Law in that the decision
of the Tribunal not to apply the United Nations Convention on the
International Sale of Goods (“the CISG”) as the applicable law of the three
contracts does not accord with the public policy of Singapore (“Issue 3”).

18 Mr Tan’s fall-back argument, which is an alternative to Issue 1, arises in
the absence of a procedural agreement to exclude expert evidence. His fall-
back argument is that the Award may be set aside under Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) if
it was not in accordance with Art 18 of Model Law (“Issue 1A”).

19 The outline of Issues 1 and 2 above is set out in board terms based on the
challenges advanced in court. As I see it, the nub of the complaints for
Issues 1 and 2 are the same in that they are challenges to the procedural
orders or directions made in the course of the arbitral proceedings rather
than a challenge to the making of the Award. This distinction is important. As
stated below (at [52]–[53]), complaints against procedural orders or
directions cannot give rise to the setting aside of an award unless the
procedural orders or directions in question resulted in a breach of an agreed
arbitral procedure or a breach of natural justice (_ie_ , the procedural
nature of the right to be heard), as a result of which a party’s rights have
been prejudiced (see s 24(_b_) of the IAA). This is the first legal obstacle
that Triulzi has to overcome. I will elaborate on the case management powers
of the arbitral tribunal later in this decision.

20 Significantly, a singular query that foreshadows the outcome of OS1114/2013
is whether Triulzi’s complaints are due to either circumstances attributable
to the Tribunal _or_ circumstances that resulted from Triulzi’s own failures
or choices (tactical or otherwise). The features in the present case that
fashioned the circumstances that gave rise to Triulzi’s complaints described
below (at [25] to [43]) will be scrutinised in due course. For now, it is
appropriate to state that there can be no basis whatsoever to set aside the
Award under Art 34(2)(_a_) of the Model Law and s 24(_b_) of the IAA if
Triulzi’s complaints are _not_ premised upon circumstances attributable to the
Tribunal.

21 Finally, Triulzi’s application cited Art 31(2) of the Model Law as a ground
for setting aside the Award. However, this ground was not developed in
Triulzi’s submissions, and I need say no more.

Outline of Triulzi’s criticisms of the Tribunal

22 I now outline the specific criticisms of the Tribunal said to give rise to
the present application to set aside the Award. The specific complaints or
criticisms alleged against the Tribunal are as follows:

(a) Conduct prior to 22 April 2013:

(i) The Tribunal admitted Xinyi’s expert witness statement in breach of the
parties’ purported agreed arbitral procedure to file only factual witness
statements.

(ii) Alternatively, the Tribunal failed to afford Triulzi a reasonable
opportunity to file a meaningful expert witness statement in response to
Xinyi’s expert witness, thereby resulting in a denial of a fair hearing.

(b) Conduct at the evidential hearing on 25 April 2013:

(i) The Tribunal’s refusal to admit Triulzi’s expert witness statement on 25
April 2013 was tantamount to a failure to afford Triulzi a reasonable
opportunity to respond to Xinyi’s expert witness, thereby resulting in a
denial of a fair hearing.

23 The failures described are said to be cumulative in effect with the result
that Triulzi suffered prejudice from the fact that:

(a) Triulzi was prevented from advancing arguments to the Tribunal that the
machines in dispute had complied with the contractual technical
specifications, and that any non-performance was due to Xinyi’s lack of
maintenance and the very dirty environment of Xinyi’s facility; and

(b) Triulzi was prevented from refuting the Tribunal’s reliance on Xinyi’s
expert evidence concerning the contractual requirement to run the subject
machines for 8 hours in the conduct of the acceptance test.

Chronology of events relevant to Issues 1 and 2

24 On 25 September 2012, the Tribunal was formally constituted.

Conduct prior to 22 April 2012

10 to 13 December 2012

25 The Tribunal circulated a draft procedural timetable to both parties on 10
December 2012 (“the Draft Procedural Timetable”). According to the Draft
Procedural Timetable, “Witness Statements” were to be filed by 28 January 2013
and the evidentiary hearing was to take place from 18 to 21 February 2013. The
parties then attended a Case Management Conference before the Tribunal held on
11 December 2012 (“the CMC”). The timelines in the Draft Procedural Timetable
were then adjusted to accommodate the various commitments of each counsel
before a revised procedural timetable was adopted by the Tribunal (“the
Procedural Timetable”). The revised timelines that were formalised provided,
_inter alia_ , as follows:

(a) “Filing of Witness Statements” by 25 March 2013; and

(b) Hearing dates fixed for 22 to 25 April 2013.

At the CMC, a preliminary issue relating to the governing law of the three
contracts was heard. The Tribunal determined the governing law of the
contracts to be Singapore law.

26 Before the close of the CMC, Mr Shum proposed adopting the International
Bar Association Rules on the Taking of Evidence in International Arbitration
(“the IBA Rules”) for the purposes of the Arbitration. Ms Koh did not object
and the Tribunal duly directed that the IBA Rules be adopted.

27 The Tribunal forwarded to the parties the Procedural Timetable and the
minutes of the CMC in its e-mail dated 13 December 2012. In the same e-mail,
the Tribunal emphasised the need to strictly adhere to the timelines in the
Procedural Timetable:[note: 1]

… The Arbitration should be completed and Award issued by 27 May 2013. _The
Tribunal intends to follow the agreed timelines strictly_. [emphasis added]

Subsequently, at the parties’ request on 22 March 2013, the Tribunal allowed
witness statements to be filed and exchanged by 1 April 2013. No changes were
made to the hearing dates.

1 to 5 April 2013

28 On 1 April 2013, Xinyi filed the expert witness statement of Dr Bao Yiwang
(“Dr Bao”) along with other factual witness statements. Dr Bao’s statement
contained a 22-paragraph report pertaining to the design and specifications of
the first and second washing machines as well as the operating environment of
Xinyi’s facility (“Dr Bao’s Report”).

29 On 2 April 2013, Triulzi wrote asking the Tribunal to exclude Dr Bao’s
Report from the arbitral proceedings. Triulzi alleged that it was indicated to
the Tribunal at the CMC that the parties would not be filing any expert
witness statements and that, consequently, the Procedural Timetable did not
provide a timeline for expert witness statements to be filed. Triulzi’s letter
dated 2 April 2013 made clear that Triulzi’s position was that the parties’
“agreement” to dispense with expert evidence was reached at the CMC.[note: 2]
Triulzi further complained that no notice of Xinyi’s intention to file Dr
Bao’s Report was given to Triulzi before 1 April 2013. In the circumstances,
admitting Dr Bao’s Report would thus be contrary to the alleged procedural
agreement reached during the CMC. Triulzi also argued in its lawyer’s letter
that the admission of Dr Bao’s Report would be prejudicial as Triulzi would
not have an opportunity to verify the contents of Dr Bao’s Report. Besides, Dr
Bao’s Report had no probative value as the inspection by Dr Bao took place 21
months after the disputes over the washing machines arose.

30 As an alternative to its application to exclude Dr Bao’s Report, Triulzi
sought an order from the Tribunal to allow it to engage an expert to inspect
the two washing machines at Xinyi’s facility and to file an expert witness
statement thereafter. Triulzi further applied for the evidentiary hearing
dates in April to be vacated. Triulzi requested a total period of eight weeks:
(a) four weeks from the date of the Tribunal’s order for inspection of the
first and second washing machines at Xinyi’s facility; and (b) an additional
four weeks for the expert’s report to be filed.

31 On 4 April 2013, the Tribunal replied that the minutes of the CMC contained
no record of any agreement that the parties would not be filing expert
evidence. The Tribunal’s e-mail of 4 April 2013 reads as follows:[note: 3]

…

3) [Triulzi] requests that [Xinyi’s] expert witness report be excluded on the
ground that during the case management conference, the parties had indicated
to the Tribunal that the parties will not be filing any expert witness
statements.

I would like to have [Xinyi’s] comments on this by _noon tomorrow_. I have
looked at the brief minutes of the CMC, copies of which were forwarded to the
parties on 13 December 2012. The minutes, short though they are, made no
mention of any indication or understanding on the part of the parties not to
include expect witness statements.

…

[emphasis in original)

32 On 5 April 2013, Xinyi replied stating that it had never indicated at the
CMC that it would _not_ file any expert witness statements. There was no
agreement between the parties to dispense with expert evidence. Besides, the
Tribunal’s minutes did not record any agreement between the parties. Ms Koh’s
position was that the Tribunal’s reference to the “Filing of Witness
Statements” in the Procedural Timetable meant that there was “no limit placed
on the type or number of witness statements to be filed”.[note: 4] She pointed
out that, having elected not to call an expert, Triulzi had waived its right
to do so and should not be permitted to file an expert witness statement at
that late a stage. Filing an expert witness statement at that time would
prejudice Xinyi as Triulzi would have had the benefit of Dr Bao’s Report.
However, if the Tribunal was minded to grant Triulzi an opportunity to file an
expert witness statement, then it should be filed within seven days.

33 Triulzi replied on 5 April 2013. It maintained that there was an agreement
between parties to dispense with expert evidence and that the agreement was
indicated to the Tribunal at the CMC. Triulzi repeated its request that it be
given time to inspect the washing machines and to thereafter file an expert
witness statement.

34 The Tribunal thereafter issued directions on the same day which provided as
follows:[note: 5]

…

(1) The statement of [Xinyi’s] expert (Dr Bao Yiwang) is admitted;

(2) [Triulzi] has until _4pm of 15 April 2013_ to file its own expert witness
statement and report, if it wishes to. [Xinyi] should give reasonable
supervised access to [Triulzi’s] expert to inspect the 2 glass-washing
machines. Inspection should of course be confined to these 2 machines under
dispute and not extend to other units in the same or other premises. The
Tribunal notes that it took [Xinyi’s] own expert 4 hours to inspect on 16
March 2013.

(3) The hearing dates (22–25 April 2013) will not be vacated.

…

[emphasis in original]

12 to 16 April 2013

35 On 12 April 2013, Triulzi wrote to the Tribunal complaining that the time
given by the Tribunal for it to find an expert was “just too short”, and again
raised the matter of vacating the hearing dates.[note: 6]

36 On 16 April 2013, a hearing was convened for the Tribunal to give parties
further directions. At that hearing, Triulzi disclosed an e-mail from one
Jonathan Peter Wigg (“Mr Wigg”) whom it had intended to call as an expert
witness. In that e-mail, Mr Wigg stated that he would only have been available
from early June 2013 onwards. Triulzi also disclosed an e-mail which advised
that an application made in Italy for a visa to China should be submitted one
month before the date of travel.[note: 7]

37 Triulzi’s second attempt to vacate the evidential hearing in April was
rejected by the Tribunal. In its e-mail dated 16 April 2013, the Tribunal
directed, _inter alia_ , that the hearing from 22 to 25 April 2013 would
proceed as stated in the Procedural Timetable. The Tribunal also noted:[note:
8]

…

Counsel for [Triulzi] has asked the Tribunal to record his dissatisfaction at
the Tribunal’s unwillingness to vacate the dates for the hearing. His main
grounds are that … there was an agreement between the parties at the CMC that
no expert witness would be called and in any event [Triulzi] was not given
enough time now by the Tribunal to engage its own expert, send him to China
for the inspection and come up with a report.

The Tribunal overruled [Triulzi’s] submissions and if necessary will refer to
them in more detail at a more appropriate stage.

…

38 On the same day, Xinyi wrote to the Tribunal expressing its disapproval of
Triulzi’s conduct in relation to calling an expert witness.[note: 9] It said
that after the Tribunal’s decision on 5 April 2013, Triulzi did not raise any
issue with the Tribunal’s directions until 12 April 2013 when Mr Shum wrote to
the Tribunal stating that Triulzi did not have enough time. Triulzi also did
not contact Xinyi at all to arrange for an inspection at Xinyi’s factory
premises.

Conduct at the evidential hearing on 25 April 2013

39 At the evidentiary hearing which began on 22 April 2013, Xinyi called two
witnesses of fact and Dr Bao. On the last day of hearing, 25 April 2013, and
before Triulzi’s last factual witness took the stand, Mr Shum applied to the
Tribunal to adduce the expert witness statement of one Dr Alberto Piombo (“Dr
Piombo”). Dr Piombo’s expert evidence pertained to the operation of the first
and second washing machines (“Dr Piombo’s Report”). The date of the report was
22 April 2013 and it coincided with the first day of the hearing. Mr Shum
explained that he only received Dr Piombo’s Report on the morning of 25 April
2013.

40 Ms Koh objected to Mr Shum’s very late application to admit Dr Piombo
Report after two undeniable events: (a) Triulzi had, by its own conduct,
elected not to file an expert witness statement having missed the original and
extended deadlines for doing so; and (b) Dr Bao had already testified. She
surmised that Dr Piombo’s Report would have been prepared with the benefit of
Dr Bao’s Report, including evidence given under cross-examination.

41 In response, Mr Shum explained that Triulzi had difficulties with the time
frame of 10 days set by the Tribunal previously on 5 April 2013 and wanted the
Tribunal to hear further submissions on the admissibility of Dr Piombo’s
Report now that it was in hand. He stated that if the Tribunal were to admit
Dr Piombo’s Report, then a further hearing could be fixed for the cross-
examination of Dr Piombo. As Dr Piombo was not in attendance at the hearing on
25 April 2013, Mr Shum explained that he would not be using Dr Piombo’s Report
at the hearing on 25 April 2013. Rather, he was bringing it up in order to
have it placed before the Tribunal in light of the fact that Xinyi had adduced
expert evidence at the hearing. He disagreed with Ms Koh’s contention that
Triulzi had elected not to call an expert.

42 After Mr Shum’s confirmation that Dr Piombo was not present at the hearing,
the Tribunal remarked:[note: 10]

Arbitrator: |  I think it’s a bit late in the day, you know, Mr Shum. We are at the last day of the arbitration.  
---|---  
Mr Shum: |  Sure, sir, but as I explained earlier, if I could have adduced this earlier, I would --  
Arbitrator: |  I didn’t say it was your fault, but clearly it was somebody’s fault, right, you know, that it’s adduced so late in the day.  
Mr Shum: |  Sure, sir. That’s my submissions.  
Arbitrator: |  Unless you can really come up with some compelling arguments, I will not admit it.  
Ms Shum: |  Sure. We stand guided by the tribunal.  
  
  

43 Critically, the Tribunal’s view was that Mr Shum had not raised any
compelling arguments to persuade it to admit Dr Piombo’s Report. The
evidentiary hearing hence continued without Dr Piombo’s Report being admitted.
The Tribunal subsequently rendered the Award in favour of Xinyi, and Triulzi
now seeks to set it aside.

Issue 1: Breach of an agreed arbitral procedure

44 Issue 1 focuses on the Tribunal’s decision to admit Dr Bao’s Report (see
[34] above). The contention here is that the Tribunal’s decision to admit Dr
Bao’s Report was in breach of a procedural agreement to dispense with expert
evidence and that the Award should therefore be set aside pursuant to Art
34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law. In response, Xinyi maintains that there was
no agreement to dispense with expert evidence. Thus, Triulzi’s criticisms of
the Tribunal’s conduct of the arbitral proceedings, including the Tribunal’s
procedural orders and directions prior to 22 April 20l3 (see [25]–[38] above)
that related to the admission of Dr Bao’s Report, are unfounded.

Relevant legal principles

45 Before turning to the question whether there was, in existence, a
procedural agreement between the parties, it is useful, at this juncture, to
outline some of the relevant general principles underlying the application of
Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law with regard to a breach of an agreed
arbitral procedure. Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) provides:

**Article 34\. Application for setting aside as exclusive recourse against
arbitral award**

…

(2) An arbitral award may be set aside by the court specified in Article 6
only if:

(a) the party making the application furnishes proof that:

…

(iv) the composition of the arbitral tribunal or the arbitral procedure was
not in accordance with the agreement of the parties, unless such agreement was
in conflict with a provision of this Law from which the parties cannot
derogate, or, failing such agreement, was not in accordance with this Law; or

…

46 I start with the important features of party autonomy in international
arbitration. There are two aspects to this concept of party autonomy – the
restricted role of the courts in the arbitral process and the procedural
freedom and flexibility enjoyed by the parties. Section 15A(1) of the IAA
provides that “a provision of rules of arbitration agreed to or adopted by the
parties … shall apply and be given effect, except to the extent that such
provision is inconsistent with a provision of the Model Law or [Part II of the
IAA] from which the parties cannot derogate.” Article 19 of the Model Law
reads:

**Article 19. Determination of rules of procedure**

(1) Subject to the provisions of this Law, the parties are free to agree on
the procedure to be followed by the arbitral tribunal in conducting the
proceedings.

(2) Failing such agreement, the arbitral tribunal may, subject to the
provisions of this Law, conduct the arbitration in such manner as it considers
appropriate. The power conferred upon the arbitral tribunal includes the power
to determine the admissibility, relevance, materiality and weight of any
evidence.

This article undoubtedly reflects the principle of party autonomy in fixing
the procedure to be adopted and followed by the arbitral tribunal. The parties
have the freedom and flexibility to determine the rules of procedure that
governs the arbitration, and failing an agreement by the parties, the arbitral
tribunal is permitted to conduct the arbitration in such a manner as it
considers appropriate. Notably, the parties’ freedom under Art 19(1) is
subject to the mandatory, _ie_ non-derogable, provisions in the Model Law. One
example of a mandatory provision is Art 18 of the Model Law which prescribes
the minimum procedural requirements of equality of treatment and natural
justice (_ie_ , reasonable opportunity to be heard and to present one’s own
case).

47 In the absence of any procedural agreement, Art 19(2) of the Model Law
gives the arbitral tribunal wide procedural powers to determine the applicable
rules of evidence on admissibility, relevance, materiality and weight of any
evidence. To this end, the power of the arbitral tribunal under Art 19(2) is
discretionary and the arbitral tribunal is required to exercise its discretion
within the confines of the mandatory provisions of Model Law and Part II of
the IAA.

48 It follows that within the boundaries of the minimum procedural
requirements noted in Art 18, parties are free to agree on the institutional
rules that govern the arbitration. This can happen prior to or subsequent to
the commencement of the arbitration. The Arbitration was an ICC case and it
was governed by the ICC Rules 2012. Besides the freedom to choose the
procedural rules for the conduct of the arbitration, other matters that
parties are free to agree to may include the matters mentioned in _PT
Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK v + Joint Operation_ [2010] 4 SLR 672. In
that case, it was stated at [39] that the parties’ agreed procedure, in the
context of arbitration, may relate to “timelines for submission of answers in
response to the request for arbitration, the information required to be
provided in the submissions, notification to the parties of the names of the
members of the arbitral tribunal,  _etc_.”

49 Arguably, an agreement to dispense with expert evidence may be regarded as
a procedural agreement. Once the parties have agreed upon the procedure to be
adopted for the arbitration, the arbitral tribunal will be obliged to conduct
the arbitration in accordance with the procedure agreed by the parties.

50 An award may be set aside under Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law if: (a)
the award is not in accordance with the parties’ agreed procedure, unless the
agreed procedure is in conflict with a mandatory provision of the Model Law;
or (b) the award is “not in accordance with this Law” (see [45] above). As
stated, equality of treatment and natural justice prescribed in Art 18 are two
of the non-derogable minimum procedural requirements under the Model Law as
regards the procedural conduct of the arbitration.

51 On the other hand, Article 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law is _not_ engaged
if the non-observance of either an agreed procedure (Art 19(1)) or the minimum
procedural requirements of Art 18 is _not_ due to circumstances attributable
to the arbitral tribunal but is derived from the applicant’s own doing. A
helpful commentary that stresses the same point is made in respect of the
purpose of Art 18 in the _UNCITRAL 2012 Digest of Case Law on the Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration_ (United Nations, 2012) (“the 2012
Digest”) at p 98, para 7:

… The purpose of article 18 is to protect a party from egregious and
injudicious conduct by an arbitral tribunal, and it is not intended to protect
a party from its own failures or strategic choices. …

52 Separately, Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) is again _not_ engaged if the challenge to
the award is against the arbitral tribunal’s procedural orders or directions
which fall within the exclusive domain of the arbitral tribunal. As stated in
_Singapore International Arbitration: Law & Practice_ (David Joseph and David
Foxton gen eds) (LexisNexis, 2014) (“ _SIA: Law & Practice_”) at ch 6, para
4.1:

Once the parties have agreed upon the procedure to be adopted for the
arbitration and a tribunal has been appointed, the way in which the matter
will go forward including the decisions that must be made over time as to the
progress of the reference, are matters falling within the exclusive province
of the arbitral tribunal.

53 _SIA: Law & Practice_ continues in the same chapter at para 5.3 that if a
party is dissatisfied with procedural orders or directions, there is no right
of recourse to set aside the order or direction by the Singapore courts. There
are two reasons for this:

… First, Article 5 of the Model Law provides that “ _in matters governed by
this Law, no court shall intervene except where so provided in this Law_ ”,
and as was noted in para 3, Article 19(2) provides that the tribunal may
conduct the arbitration in such manner as it considers appropriate (subject to
contrary agreement of the parties, and the to the terms of Model Law).
Secondly, procedural orders are not an “award” within the meaning of Article
34 of the Model Law or s 24 of the IAA, and therefore cannot be set aside
under those provisions. [emphasis in original]

54 I now come to technical and minor breaches committed by an arbitral
tribunal. It cannot be the case that any breach of an agreed arbitral
procedure, even that of a technical provision or minor formality, will
invariably result in an award being set aside. Most supervising courts inquire
into the _materiality_ of the procedural requirements that was not complied
with and the nature of the departures from the parties’ agreed arbitral
procedures. The cases below (see [55]–[58]) illustrate the element of
prejudice (whether procedural or substantive) that eventuates as a result of a
violation of an agreed procedure to support the materiality of the breach.

55 In _Compagnie des Bauxites de Guinee v Hammermills, Inc_ 1992 WL 122712
(DDC, 1992) (“ _Hammermills_ ”), an application was brought under the
Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958
(“the New York Convention”) as a defence to the confirmation of an award on,
_inter alia_ , the ground that the arbitral tribunal had breached the agreed
ICC procedure when rendering its award. The complaint was that the arbitral
tribunal had inserted into the award the amount of the legal costs to be
assessed against a party after the draft award had been approved by the ICC
Court. Although the United States District Court held that this did not amount
to a breach of the ICC procedure, it also observed at [5] that:

…

The Court does not believe that section 1(d) of Article V [of the New York
Convention] was intended, as CBG argues, to permit reviewing courts to police
every procedural ruling made by the Arbitrator and to set aside the award if
_any_ violation of ICC procedures is found. Such an interpretation would
directly conflict with the “pro-enforcement” bias of the [New York] Convention
and its intention to remove obstacles to confirmation of arbitral awards. …
Rather, the Court believes that a more appropriate standard of review would be
to set aside an award based on a procedural violation only if such violation
worked substantial prejudice to the complaining party. … [emphasis in
original]

56 This passage quoted above was approved in another US District Court
decision of _Karaha_ _Bodas Company, LLC v Perusahaan Pertambangan_ _Minyak
Dan Gas Bumi Negara_ 190 F Supp 2d 936 (SD Tex, 2001). It was held at 945 that
for a complaining party to succeed in an application under Art V(1)(_d_) of
the New York Convention on the ground that the arbitral tribunal departed from
the agreed arbitral procedure, it “must show that there is a violation of an
arbitration agreement between the parties and that the violation actually
caused [that party] substantial prejudice in the arbitration.” In applying
this principle, the United States District Court in _Williams v National
Football League_ 2012 WL 2366636 (D Colo, 2012) confirmed an award even though
it was rendered after a specified time limit agreed upon by the parties as the
complaining party was not substantially prejudiced by the delay.

57 Although the US decisions dealt with Art V(1)(_d_) of the New York
Convention, the observations are relevant to an application of Art
34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law since Art 34 of the Model Law was drafted to
“align the grounds for setting aside with the grounds for recognition and
enforcement that were listed in Article V of the New York Convention” (see
Howard M Holtzmann and Joseph E Neuhaus, _A Guide to the UNCITRAL Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration: Legislative History and Commentary_
(Kluwer Law and Taxation Publishers, 1989) (“ _Holtzmann and Neuhaus_ ”) at p
912). It must be noted that the UNCITRAL Working Group on International
Contract Practices (“the Working Group”) had also discussed and rejected the
suggestion to include additional grounds for setting aside under Art 34 in
favour of keeping to the scope delineated by Art V of the New York Convention.
As stated by the Working Group in the _Report of the Working Group on
International Contract Practices on the Work of its Fifth Session_
(A/CN.9/233, 28 March 1983) at para 187:

That solution [to align Art 34(2)(a)(iv) of the Model Law with Art V of the
New York Convention] would facilitate international commercial arbitration by
enhancing predictability and expeditiousness and would go a long way towards
establishing a harmonized system of limited recourse against awards and their
enforcement. It was [further] stated in support that the reasons set forth in
article V of the New York Convention provided sufficient safeguards, and that
some of the grounds suggested as additions to the list were likely to fall
under the public policy reason.

58 The Québec Supreme Court has also adopted an approach similar to that of
the US Courts in the context of a setting-aside application on the ground that
there was a violation of the agreed arbitral procedure. In _Holding Tusculum
BV v Louis Dreyfus Holding SAS_ [2008] QCCS 5904, it was argued that an award
should be set aside as the tribunal had revisited issues that have already
been decided in breach of an implied term of the applicable arbitration
procedure. Articles 940.6 and 948 of the Code of Civil Procedure (chapter
C-25) (Québec) required the Québec Supreme Court to take into consideration
the Model Law and New York Convention respectively when dealing with
international arbitral awards. In this regard, the Québec Supreme Court agreed
with and cited at [129] the opinion of one, Fabien Gélinas, who was called by
the applicant to provide expert evidence as to matters of international
commercial arbitration:

The standard of a “material breach of procedure” or a breach that “presumably
affected the award” and the requirement of prejudice, _simpliciter_ ,
sufficient or substantial, have one thing in common: they all operate to
**avoid the trivialization of judicial review in cases of minor violation of
the procedure** … [emphasis in italics in original, emphasis added in bold]

59 I now come to the supervising court’s discretionary powers under Art 34(2)
of the Model Law.

60 Even though the decisions above (at [55]–[58]) address the issue of
prejudice when deciding whether to set aside an award, it is also clear that
prejudice is not expressly stipulated to be a requirement for setting aside an
award under Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law. The issue of prejudice should
instead be understood in the context of the _discretionary_ nature of the
court’s power to set aside awards under Art 34(2). As stated in Gary B Born,
_International Commercial Arbitration_ vol 3 (Wolters Kluwer, 2nd Ed, 2014) at
p 3177:

It is equally clear that the grounds specified in Article 34(2) of the Model
Law are permissive and discretionary, not mandatory. That is, a court _may_
annul an award if one or more of the Article 34(2) grounds are satisfied, but
the court is not _mandatorily required_ to annul the award, even where one of
these grounds applies. This is made express by Article 34(2), which provides
that an “award _may_ be set aside by the court … only if” specified grounds
are present. … [emphasis in original]

Notably, the operative word which is found in the opening sentence of Art
34(2) of the Model Law is “may”, and this word underscores the discretionary
powers of the supervising court to refuse to set aside an award even if there
was a breach of the agreed procedure.

61 In _Grand Pacific Holdings Ltd v Pacific China Holdings Ltd (in liq) (No_
_1)_ [2012] 4 HKLRD 1 (“ _Grand Pacific_ ”), the Hong Kong Court of Appeal
opined (_obiter_) that the Hong Kong courts have a discretion to refuse to set
aside an award even where a violation of Article 34(2)(_a_) is established.
The Hong Kong Court of Appeal opined at [105] that even if the circumstances
described in Art 34(2)(_a_) are established, “the Court may refuse to set
aside the award if the Court is satisfied that the arbitral tribunal could not
have reached a different conclusion.” Emphasis was once again placed on the
word “may”. The Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal, in upholding the decision of
the Court of Appeal, did not disturb the latter’s _obiter dictum_.

62 Other Model Law jurisdictions like New Zealand and Australia have similarly
recognised the existence of the court’s discretion in a setting-aside
application (see, for example, _Downer-Hill Joint Venture v Government of
Fiji_ [2005] 1 NZLR 554 at [103]; _Cargill International SA v Peabody
Australia Mining Ltd_ [2010] NSWSC 887 at [242]). Some national versions of
the Model Law go even further than the Model Law in providing specifically
that the power to annul an award is discretionary. For example, s 30 of the
Arbitration Act (c 55) (British Columbia) provides that where the court finds
that the arbitrator has “committed an arbitral error”, but that “the error
consists of a defect in form or a technical irregularity,” the court may
refuse to set aside the award where “refusal would not constitute a
substantial wrong or miscarriage of justice”.

63 Most notably, in the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _CRW Joint
Operation v PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK_ [2011] 4 SLR 305 (“ _CRW
Joint Operation (CA)_ ”), V K Rajah JA also observed in general terms at [100]
that “the court may, in its discretion, decline to set aside an arbitral award
even though one of the prescribed grounds for setting aside has been made
out”.

64 Understood in the context of a general discretion, my view is that
prejudice is a factor or element relevant to, _rather than_ a legal
requirement for the application of Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law. In
other words, prejudice is merely a relevant factor that the supervising court
considers in deciding whether the breach in question is serious and, thus,
whether or not to exercise its discretionary power to set aside the award for
the breach. As the Hong Kong Court of Appeal observed in _Grand Pacific_ at
[105]:

… How a court may exercise its discretion in any particular case will depend
on the view it takes of _the seriousness of the breach_. Some breaches may be
so egregious that an award would be set aside _although the result could not
be different_. [emphasis added]

It can be gleaned from this passage that the Hong Kong Court of Appeal
recognises that there may be certain instances where the court will
nonetheless set aside an award despite the absence of prejudice.

65 Rajah JA in _CRW Joint Operation (CA)_ at [100] observed that where
prejudice was shown, the court ought not to exercise its discretion to refuse
to set aside an award. As to whether Rajah JA’s observation is ostensibly
inconsistent with the Hong Kong position just stated above, I do not think so.
Depending on the facts of the particular case at hand, it may be possible to
present the breach in question either in terms of prejudice or in terms of the
seriousness of the breach. In my view, the singular point to be derived from
both _Grand Pacific_ and _CRW Joint Operation (CA)_ is that every case is
fact-sensitive and much depends on the circumstances of each case. I should
also point out that _Grand Pacific_ was a decision on the case management
powers of the arbitral tribunal, whereas _CRW Joint Operation (CA)_ was not.

66 As seen from the discussion above, the inquiry in a setting-aside
application in respect of Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) should focus on the materiality,
or seriousness, of the procedural breach. From this perspective, an applicant
wishing to set aside an award would endeavour to show the materiality of the
procedural requirements that were not complied with. An applicant may do so by
establishing the fact that the applicant had been prejudiced, or was
reasonably likely to have been prejudiced, by the arbitrator’s conduct of the
arbitral proceedings, including his procedural directions and orders. However,
this does not mean that the setting-aside application would necessarily be
rebuffed in the event that he fails to establish prejudice although he would
have to advance alternative submissions to evince the materiality or
seriousness of the breach.

67 Finally, I come to a separate principle that has general application to
Triulzi’s challenges brought under Art 34(2) in respect of all four issues
identified in [17] above. This is the “second bite at the cherry argument”
that was frowned upon by the Court of Appeal in _BLC and others v BLB and
another_ [2014] 4 SLR 79 (“ _BLC v BLB_ ”). In that case, the Court of Appeal
cautioned in general terms against the use of the setting-aside procedure to
raise new arguments that were not previously before the tribunal. The
supervising court would also be wary of any attempts by a party to re-package
or re-characterise its original case and arguments that were previously
advanced in the arbitration for the purpose of challenging the award. As the
Court of Appeal observed at [53]:

In considering whether an arbitrator has addressed his mind to an issue,
however, the court must be wary of its natural inclination to be drawn to the
various arguments in relation to the substantive merits of the underlying
dispute between the parties. In the context of a setting aside application, it
is crucial for the courts to recognise that these substantive merits are
_beyond_ its remit notwithstanding its natural inclinations. Put simply, there
is no right of recourse to the courts where an arbitrator has simply made an
error of law and/or fact.  _A fortiori_ , the courts should guard against
attempts by a disgruntled party to fault an arbitrator for failing to consider
arguments or points which were never before him. _The setting aside
application is not to be abused by a party who, with the benefit of hindsight,
wished he had pleaded or presented his case in a different way before the
arbitrator_. [emphasis added]

Accordingly, a supervising court would not hesitate to scrutinise how the
parties had approached their case in the arbitration and, in particular, to
review the respective issues and arguments that had been put before the
tribunal.

Discussion and decision

68 With the principles set out above in mind, I now turn to consider Issue 1
in the context of the following matters:

(a) The existence of a procedural agreement to dispense with expert evidence;

(b) If (a) is established, whether there was a breach of the procedural
agreement; and

(c) If (a) and (b) are established, whether the breach was so material that
the court should exercise its discretion in favour of setting aside the Award.

69 Specifically, any inquiry into the materiality of the procedural
requirements that was not complied with and the nature of the departures from
the parties’ agreed arbitral procedures will be examined and tested in light
of Triulzi’s allegation of prejudice eventuated by the Tribunal’s conduct in
the course of the arbitral proceedings including the latter’s procedural
orders and directions.

The existence of a procedural agreement

(1) Alleged agreement reached at CMC

70 I now turn to the alleged agreement to dispense with expert evidence. As I
alluded to above (at [49]), an agreement to dispense with expert evidence may
be regarded as a procedural agreement. Triulzi maintains that there was such
an agreement and that the admission of Dr Bao’s Report amounted to a violation
of this agreement. Conversely, Xinyi argues that there was no such agreement
to dispense with expert evidence . A resolution of this point in favour of
Xinyi is enough on its own to defeat Triulzi’s application to set aside the
Award under Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law on the ground that the
“arbitral procedure was not in accordance with the agreement of the parties”.

71 Mr Shum’s letter dated 2 April 2013, which was addressed to the Tribunal,
specifically referred to an alleged agreement to exclude expert evidence that
was reached at the CMC. It alleged that Xingyi had, by its conduct, reneged on
it. Mr Shum further wrote:[note: 11]

However, [Xinyi] filed [its] Expert Report yesterday, taking [Triulzi] by
surprise. [Xinyi] had apparently sent its expert to inspect the 1st and 2nd
Unit on 16 March 2013 in secret contrary to _the agreement reached at the case
management conference_. [emphasis added]

72 Mr Shum’s subsequent letter addressed to the Tribunal dated 5 April 2013
reads as follows:[note: 12]

…

We highlight that [Xinyi’s] disagreement that the parties had indicated to the
Tribunal that the parties will not be filing any witness statements focused
solely on the Tribunal’s minutes of the case management conference on 11
December 2012\. [Xinyi] did not categorically deny that there was such
agreement between the parties. We express shock at [Xinyi’s] conduct as we had
definitely agreed with Wong Partnership that no expert witness would be called
(to minimize costs due to the amount in dispute then). We maintain that the
parties had indicated this to the Tribunal during the conference.

…

73 Finally, at Mr Shum’s request, the Tribunal recorded in its e-mail dated 16
April 2013 the following matters:[note: 13]

(a) Mr Shum’s dissatisfaction with the Tribunal’s unwillingness to vacate the
dates fixed for the hearing; and

(b) Mr Shum’s allegation that “there was an agreement between the parties at
the CMC that no expert witnesses would be called”.

74 In this present challenge, Ms Mariella Triulzi (“MT”), a director of
Triulzi, in her Reply Affidavit at para 9, deposed to Mr Shum’s telephone
conversation with Ms Koh prior to the CMC held on 11 December 2012. According
to MT, during that telephone conversation, Mr Shum had proposed that both
sides should dispense with expert evidence in order to minimise costs. This
agreement, according to MT, was then communicated to the Tribunal at the CMC.

75 The existence of an agreement to dispense with expert evidence was
categorically rejected by Mr Zhao Jinhui (“ZJ”), the in-house counsel of
Xinyi. ZJ maintained that no agreement to only file factual witness statements
was ever reached by the parties through their respective counsel either at the
CMC held on 11 December 2012 or prior to that.

76 I make two points in relation to the alleged telephone conversation
mentioned above (at [74]). First, I note that no contemporaneous telephone
attendance note was produced to prove the alleged telephone conversation
between counsel. Secondly, there was no mention of a telephone conversation in
any of the contemporaneous written communications to the Tribunal. As ZJ
pointed out in his affidavit, the alleged telephone conversation surfaced for
the first time in MT’s Reply Affidavit. Triulzi’s contention all the while
during the Arbitration was that the alleged agreement was reached at the CMC
and it cannot be afforded a “second bite at the cherry” now by raising a fresh
allegation that the Tribunal was not informed of.

77 The Tribunal confirmed that there was no record of the alleged agreement in
the Tribunal’s minutes of the CMC (see [31] above). Notably, the same minutes
had been sent to the parties on 13 December 2012 and the accuracy of the
contents was never queried by Triulzi prior to 1 April 2013. This was neither
raised to the Tribunal on 22 March 2013 when parties sought an extension for
the filing of witness statements to 1 April 2013 (see above at [27]).

78 The evidence adduced by Triulzi therefore does not stand up to scrutiny. Mr
Tan was also aware of the weakness of the evidence to make good the existence
of an agreement reached in a telephone conversation between Mr Shum and Ms Koh
which was ostensibly communicated to the Tribunal at the CMC. He conceded that
he was really relying on the Procedural Timetable to deduce the existence of
the alleged agreement.

(2) Alleged agreement as evidenced by the Tribunal’s direction on “Filing of
Witness Statements”

79 Mr Tan argues that the Tribunal’s direction pertaining to the “Filing of
Witness Statements” in the Procedural Timetable meant only factual witness
statements in light of the IBA Rules that both parties agreed to be bound by
on 11 December 2012. Xinyi disagrees and contends that the direction on the
“Filing of Witness Statements” in the Procedural Timetable was intended to
encompass both factual and expert witness statements.

80 I make three points. First, Mr Tan’s argument goes further than the stated
position taken by Mr Shum during the course of the Arbitration. The latter had
previously based Triulzi’s case on the existence of an agreement to dispense
with expert evidence that was reached at the CMC which was then communicated
to the Tribunal. Mr Tan’s reliance on the IBA Rules to define the meaning of
the direction “Filing of Witness Statements” was not argued before the
Tribunal. It was a new argument brought up for the first time in the present
proceedings and, needless to say, is another attempt by Triulzi to have a
“second bite at the cherry”.

81 Secondly, the Tribunal could not have contemplated the adoption and
operation of the IBA Rules when it issued its direction on the “Filing of
Witness Statements” in the Procedural Timetable. Significantly, prior to the
CMC, the Tribunal prepared and circulated to the parties on 10 December 2012
the Draft Procedural Timetable that provided a deadline for the “Filing of
Witness Statements”. This Draft Procedural Timetable was sent to the parties
before the IBA Rules were raised on 11 December 2012 at the CMC. As can be
seen from the Tribunal’s minutes of the CMC, the parties had first discussed
the Draft Procedural Timetable and made modifications to the proposed
deadlines so as to accommodate the schedules of counsel before formalising the
Procedural Timetable. The IBA Rules were raised by Mr Shum _after_ the
directions for “Filing of Witness Statements” in the Procedural Timetable were
finalised. In short, there was nothing to suggest that the direction on the
“Filing of Witness Statements” in the Procedural Timetable was intended to
mean anything different from what was initially intended by the Tribunal on 10
December 2012, and cannot be interpreted in light of the IBA Rules which came
after the finalisation of the Procedural Timetable. Triulzi’s reliance on the
IBA Rules to interpret the words “Filing of Witness Statements” in the
Procedural Timetable is thus without merit.

82 Thirdly, Mr Tan’s reliance on the direction on the “Filing of Witness
Statements” in the Procedural Timetable to deduce the existence of an agreed
procedure to dispense with expert witness does not cohere with the nature of a
procedural timetable under the ICC Rules 2012 and is rejected for the reasons
below.

83 Mr Tan’s written submissions, taken to its logical conclusion, must mean
that the Procedural Timetable embodied the agreement as to arbitral procedure
between the parties. However, this contention does not sit well with the
nature of the Tribunal’s procedural order, issued in the form of the
Procedural Timetable, after the CMC. The CMC was held and the Procedural
Timetable was issued by the Tribunal in accordance with Art 24 of the ICC
Rules 2012 which states:

**Article 24: Case Management Conference and Procedural Timetable**

(1) When drawing up the Terms of Reference or as soon as possible thereafter,
the arbitral tribunal shall convene a case management conference to consult
the parties on procedural measures that may be adopted pursuant to Article
22(2). Such measures may include one or more of the case management techniques
described in Appendix IV.

(2) During or following such conference, the arbitral tribunal shall establish
the procedural timetable that it intends to follow for the conduct of the
arbitration. The procedural timetable and any modifications thereto shall be
communicated to the Court and the parties.

(3) To ensure continued effective case management, the arbitral tribunal,
after consulting the parties by means of a further case management conference
or otherwise, may adopt further procedural measures or modify the procedural
timetable.

(4) Case management conferences may be conducted through a meeting in person,
by video conference, telephone or similar means of communication. In the
absence of an agreement of the parties, the arbitral tribunal shall determine
the means by which the conference will be conducted. The arbitral tribunal may
request the parties to submit case management proposals in advance of a case
management conference and may request the attendance at any case management
conference of the parties in person or through an internal representative.

84 It is clear from Art 24(2) of the ICC Rules 2012 that a procedural
timetable is established by the arbitral tribunal and not by way of an
agreement by the parties. Even though the arbitral tribunal is required to
consult the parties under Art 24(1), the directions formalised by the arbitral
tribunal are its own procedural order. It is well within the arbitral
tribunal’s power and discretion to accept or reject the views of the parties
expressed during a case management conference as regards establishing the
procedural timetable. Article 24(3) further empowers the arbitral tribunal to
modify the established procedural timetable without being bound by the views
of the parties as well. The establishment of a procedural timetable therefore
falls under the arbitral tribunal’s exercise of its case management powers
which will be discussed in greater detail when dealing with Issue 2.

85 Since the Procedural Timetable constitutes a procedural order issued by the
Tribunal, the direction on “Filing of Witness Statements” cannot be
characterised as an agreed procedure between the parties for the purposes of a
setting-aside application under Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law.

(3) The Tribunal’s implicit acceptance that there was no agreement to dispense
with expert evidence

86 I now refer to the Tribunal’s directions on 5 April 2013 (see [34] above).
Ms Koh explained that the Tribunal considered the arguments of the parties in
the exchanges of communication and must have implicitly agreed with Xinyi that
there was no agreement to dispense with expert evidence. She elaborated that
the Tribunal’s direction to admit Dr Bao’s Report supports her position that
the direction on the “Filing of Witness Statements” in the Procedural
Timetable should be interpreted as allowing for the filing of both factual and
expert witness statements.

87 It is possible to construe the Tribunal’s directions on 5 April 2013 in Ms
Koh’s way. Since the Tribunal’s minutes did not record any agreement to
dispense with expert evidence, and considering the fact that the criticisms of
the Tribunal now raised by Mr Tan are new, I see no reason to view the
position taken by the Tribunal differently. Besides, Mr Tan’s criticisms
simply do not stand up to analysis.

Conclusion on the existence of the alleged procedural agreement

88 For the reasons stated, there was no agreed procedure to dispense with
expert evidence. Triulzi’s application to set aside the award under Art
34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law on the ground that the Award was not in
accordance with the parties’ agreed arbitral procedure is premised on the
existence of an agreement to dispense with expert evidence. This premise is
not made out and the application fails _in limine_.

Other Matters

89 Having reached the conclusion that there was no agreement to dispense with
expert evidence, it is not necessary to decide on the matters described above
(at [68(b)] and [68(c)]). However, I propose to discuss some aspects of the
matters raised in argument such as waiver and prejudice. The discussions below
are connected to Triulzi’s criticisms that Triulzi was prejudiced from the
fact that without its own expert’s witness statement, it was prevented from
refuting the Tribunal’s reliance on Xinyi’s expert.

Waiver of procedural irregularity

90 In relation to Xinyi’s waiver argument, it relies on Art 39 of the ICC
Rules 2012. It argues that Triulzi is precluded from relying on the IBA Rules
to interpret the direction on the “Filing Witness Statements” in the
Procedural Timetable since Triulzi failed to raise that issue with the
Tribunal. As such, Triulzi had lost its right to object on the basis of the
IBA Rules.

91 It is now appropriate to refer to Triulzi’s request to the Tribunal to
record Triulzi’s dissatisfaction with the Tribunal’s procedural directions
issued on 16 April 2013 (see [37] above). Needless to say, Triulzi’s
insistence that the tribunal recorded its dissatisfaction was nothing more
than a precautionary attempt to state its objection at that time to overcome
any argument that the right to complain has been forgone by waiver. However,
the objections recorded did not cover the specific waiver argument that is
discussed here.

92 Article 39 of the ICC Rules 2012 Rules states:

**Article 39\. Waiver**

A party which proceeds with the arbitration without raising its objection to a
failure to comply with any provision of the Rules, or of any other rules
applicable to the proceedings, any direction given by the arbitral tribunal,
or any requirement under the arbitration agreement relating to the
constitution of the arbitral tribunal or the conduct of the proceedings, shall
be deemed to have waived its right to object.

93 One of the objectives of Art 39 of the ICC Rules 2012 is to ensure that any
objection as to the conduct of the proceedings is made promptly. If a party
does not object, then it may well be deemed to have waived its right to object
pursuant to Art 39. There is no need to waive in writing, although, as a
matter of proof, an objection should be in writing or recorded in the
transcript. A bare objection without any substantiation may not avoid a waiver
of a procedural right. As stated in Michael W Bühler and Thomas H Webster,
_Handbook of ICC Arbitration: Commentary, Precedents, Materials_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2008) at para 33-27:

If there are objections to the procedure, they _must be identified and in
general substantiated_. In the _Bombadier_ case, the Respondent raised general
procedural objections and the Tribunal on several occasions requested that the
Respondent specify the procedural objections _so that they could be dealt
with_. The Respondent failed to do so and eventually brought proceedings to
annul the Award. The Paris Court of Appeal rejected the request for annulment
and noted in particular that:

“Considering that in order to be heard in annulment proceeding, the grievance
needs to have been invoked in front of the arbitral tribunal each time it was
possible to do so; that this rule, which protects procedural loyalty and
arbitral awards, would be rendered useless if it was enough to utter menaces
and critics in front of the Tribunal, as shown by Bombardier, in order to keep
its options open when the time has come, to isolate an element of the
procedure and present it as a violation of the adversarial principle.”

[emphasis added]

94 The passage quoted above is important. It emphasises the need to allow the
Tribunal to deal with the objections promptly and properly. In order to do so,
any party objecting to the procedural irregularity must put forward the
arguments which are available to it so as to allow the Tribunal an opportunity
to consider them. This concern also constitutes part of the purpose behind Art
39 of the ICC Rules 2012 as stated in Jason Fry, Simon Greenberg and Francesca
Mazza, _The Secretariat’s Guide to ICC Arbitration_ (ICC, 2012) at pp 418–419:

**Purpose.** Article 39 ensures that if a party fails to raise objections with
respect to the constitution of the arbitral tribunal or the conduct of the
proceedings it will be deemed to have waived its right to object. This is
especially relevant with regard to any subsequent court proceedings. _The
provision is intended to force parties to raise any genuine procedural
concerns promptly during the arbitration, so that, where possible, the concern
can be addressed immediately and within the arbitration_. This prevents
parties from holding back any objections for use in a later attempt to attack
the award. A party that proceeds with an arbitration without raising a
procedural objection runs a serious risk that it will be prevented (either by
the Rules or relevant law) from relying on any procedural issue in subsequent
court proceedings to set aside or resist enforcement of an award. [emphasis
added]

The rationale is that a party should not be allowed to withhold any arguments
that it could have made before the Tribunal but make it at a later stage in a
setting-aside application in the event that the arbitral award turns out to be
unfavourable.

95 In arguing for the exclusion of Dr Bao’s report, Mr Shum wrote in his
letter addressed to the Tribunal dated 2 April 2013:[note: 14]

…

During the abovementioned case management conference, the parties had
indicated to the Tribunal that the parties will not be filing any expert
statements. Consequently, the Procedural Timetable dated 11 December 2012 did
not provide a timeline for expert witness statements to be filed. We have also
not been given any notice that [Xinyi] will be filing any expert witness
statements.

…

96 Apart from a bare assertion that the Procedural Timetable did not provide
for expert witness statements to be filed, Triulzi’s objections did not
mention, let alone rely on, the IBA Rules to draw the distinction made in the
IBA Rules between factual and expert witness statements. As stated above (at
[81]), the IBA Rules were adopted after the Tribunal’s direction on the
“Filing of Witness Statements” was made and there was no reliance placed on
the IBA Rules to limit the direction on the “Filing of Witness Statements” to
the filing of only factual witness statements. On the face of it, Triulzi’s
failure to raise this issue in relation to the IBA Rules in the Arbitration
precluded it from making such a submission in this setting-aside application.

97 Even if waiver is not made out under Art 39 of ICC Rules 2012, the use of
the IBA Rules to draw a distinction between factual witness statements and
expert witness statements in order to ascribe a different meaning to the
direction on the “Filing of Witness Statements” in the Procedural Timetable is
plainly an afterthought. It is based on _ex post facto_ reasoning derived from
facts that were not before the Tribunal when it issued its procedural
direction on the “Filing of Witness Statements”.

Admission of Dr Bao’s Report

98 Mr Tan raises the question of prejudice in his submissions (see [23]
above). For the sake of argument, if there was a procedural agreement as
alleged, it would then mean that expert evidence should have been excluded
from the arbitral hearing. Consequently, the examination of prejudice in the
context of Xinyi’s breach of the parties’ agreed arbitral procedure is really
a question of whether the exclusion of expert witness statements, _ie_ , Dr
Bao’s Report, would have made a reasonable difference to the Tribunal’s
deliberation (see _LW Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim Chin San Contractors Pte
Ltd and another appeal_ [2013] 1 SLR 125 at [54]). The alleged prejudice that
eventuated as a result of the breach must have a causal connection with the
admission of Dr Bao’s Report. This question does not involve an inquiry into
what would have happened if Triulzi had been allowed to adduce its own expert
evidence.

99 From this perspective, Triulzi’s argument that there would be a real or
likely difference to the Tribunal’s deliberation if it had been allowed to
adduce its own expert evidence is not relevant to this issue of prejudice in
the context of a setting-aside application under Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the
Model Law where the complaint relates to an alleged breach of an agreed
arbitral procedure. In this context, one is concerned with the right to have
the arbitration conducted in accordance with the agreed arbitral procedure.
The scenario here is quite different from those cases where there is an
alleged breach of natural justice which, in this case, would concern Triulzi’s
right to adduce its own expert witness statements that flows from the right to
be afforded a reasonable opportunity to present its case. That consideration
is relevant in the context of Triulzi’s allegations of breach of natural
justice which I shall deal with when discussing Issue 2.

100 In connection with this aspect of the application to set aside the Award
under Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law, the theoretical inquiry here
(assuming that the admission of Dr Bao’s Report was in breach of an agreed
procedure) is whether an exclusion of Dr Bao’s Report would have reasonably
made a difference to the deliberations of the Tribunal. I now turn to Dr Bao’s
Report to examine how the Tribunal dealt with it in the Award.

101 Dr Bao’s Report dealt with three issues that was considered by the
Tribunal:

(a) Whether there were design defects in the washing machines;

(b) Whether the cleanliness of Xinyi’s facility affected the performance of
the washing machines; and

(c) Whether a full 8-hour acceptance test should have been conducted by Xinyi
for the washing machines.

102 It is clear that as to the first issue, Dr Bao was not an expert in
industrial washing machines and the Tribunal treated Dr Bao’s opinion as a
“matter of conjecture”.[note: 15] As for the second issue on the cleanliness
of Xinyi’s facility, the Tribunal found that Dr Bao’s opinion on the
cleanliness of the facility was not satisfactory since his inspection was
conducted more than 21 months after the washing quality issues arose. The
Tribunal stated in [101] of the Award:[note: 16]

Furthermore, Dr Bao’s conclusion that the cleanliness of the air at the Wuhu
Facility was normal, did not assist the Tribunal in determining the
cleanliness of the Wuhu Facility at the relevant time period when the washing
quality issues were raised (December 2010 to May 2011), as Dr Bao’s inspection
and observations were made more than 21 months after the Claimant raised the
alleged washing quality issues.

103 In summary, Dr Bao’s Report had no bearing on the Tribunal’s determination
in respect of the first and second issues. As for the third issue, the
Tribunal agreed with Dr Bao that there was no need for Xinyi to conduct a full
8-hour acceptance test. Whilst Triulzi argues that this is evidence of
prejudice, it must be noted that in the same paragraph of the Award where the
Tribunal seemingly agreed with Dr Bao on this point, the Tribunal further
held:[note: 17]

… [I]t is immaterial that [Xinyi] did not carry out a full 8 hour acceptance
test, _given the evidence_ that there were several areas that did not comply
with the contract specifications within the period of time when the acceptance
test was conducted from 7 to 12 May 2011. [emphasis added]

104 This finding of the Tribunal is significant for the reason that the final
determination of the Tribunal in relation to Triulzi’s defence would not have
been affected even if he disagreed with Dr Bao’s opinion on the third issue.

105 For the reasons stated, an exclusion of Dr Bao’s Report would not have
reasonably made a difference to the deliberations of the Tribunal. There is
consequently no reason to set aside the award even if such a procedural
agreement excluding expert evidence existed.

Issue 1A: Award was not in accordance with Art 18 within the meaning of Art
34(2)(_a_)(iv)

106 Mr Tan’s fall-back argument is that the Award should be set aside under
Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law as it was not in accordance with Art 18 of
the Model Law which sets out the non-derogable minimum procedural requirements
as regards the procedural conduct of an arbitration. In my view, Mr Tan’s
fall-back argument does not assist Triulzi because the evidence in this case
pointed, at best, to a misunderstanding of the scope of the direction on the
“Filing of Witness Statements” or some other mistake on Triulzi’s part.
Plainly, the non-filing of Triulzi’s expert evidence by 1 April 2013 was
entirely its own fault, and Triulzi was in delay, even at that stage, in
complying with the Tribunal’s direction on the Filing of Witness Statements.
Furthermore, for the reasons explained below (at [110] to [116]), the
Tribunal’s subsequent procedural orders and directions cannot be relied upon
as a ground for challenging the eventual Award. In the circumstances of this
case, Art 18 is not engaged. I have already set out the purpose of Art 18
above (at [51]) which is about protecting a party from the arbitral tribunal’s
conduct. It is certainly not intended to protect a party from its own
“failures or strategic choices”.

107 It is now appropriate to set out Article 18 of the Model Law in full:

**Article 18\. Equal treatment of parties**

The parties shall be treated with equality and each party shall be given a
full opportunity of presenting his case.

108 I accept that Art 18 of the Model Law, described as a key element of the
“Magna Carta of Arbitral Procedure” in the _Analytical Commentary on Draft
Text_ _of a Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration: Report of the
Secretary General_ (A/CN.9/264, 25 March 1985) (“ _Analytical Commentary_ ”)
at p 44, is a mandatory provision, and the breach of which would be, as stated
in Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) of the Model Law, “in conflict with the provision of
this Law” or “not in accordance with this Law”. Consequently, a breach of Art
18 may give rise to a ground for setting aside an award under Art
34(2)(_a_)(iv).

109 It must be recognised however that Art 18 is worded with reference to the
abstract notions of “equality” and “full opportunity”. As observed by
_Holtzmann and Neuhaus_ at p 551:

The terms of Article 18 were modelled on Article 15(1) of the UNCITRAL
Arbitration Rules. The Commission Report provides no authoritative guidelines
to interpreting the terms “treated with equality” and “full opportunity of
presenting his case”; nor do the reports of the Working Group. It is submitted
that this may be because the delegates considered that the terms were so well
understood in all legal systems that comment was unnecessary and that detailed
definitions might limit the flexible and broad approach needed to ensure
fairness in the wide variety of circumstances that must be encountered in
international arbitration.

Therefore, the exact content of Art 18 that is engaged by a complaint of a
breach of Art 18 must depend upon the level of abstraction at which the
complaint is described or characterised.

110 In this case, Mr Tan argues that even without the alleged procedural
agreement, the Tribunal nonetheless violated Art 18 of the Model Law as
Triulzi was not treated equally compared with Xinyi. Mr Tan raises the point
that the Tribunal should have appreciated the fact that Triulzi was under the
mistaken belief that expert evidence was to be dispensed with. In this regard,
Xinyi had the benefit of the entire duration from 11 December 2012, after the
CMC, to 1 April 2013, the deadline for the “Filing of Witness Statements”, to
produce an expert report whereas Triulzi was effectively not afforded such an
ample amount of time as the Tribunal only gave it a ten-day time period. The
crux of Mr Tan’s complaint is that only Xinyi, and not Triulzi, presented its
expert evidence during the hearing from 22 to 25 April 2013.

111 I make several points. First, the Tribunal’s decision to extend time by
ten days for Triulzi to file its expert witness statement must not be
considered in isolation. I concluded that there was no agreement to dispense
with expert evidence, and as such, Triulzi would have had the same amount of
time as Xinyi (11 December 2012 to 1 April 2013) to prepare and file an expert
witness statement. It is thus fanciful to now complain of inequality because
the Tribunal gave Triulzi only ten days to prepare an expert report. Besides,
it is risible that Triulzi now complains of inequality when the perceived
disadvantage was occasioned by its own doing. The Tribunal’s decision to
extend time by another ten days to file Triulzi’s expert witness statement was
decidedly made after taking into account parties’ arguments and a myriad of
factors including the arbitral tribunal’s obligation to conduct the
arbitration fairly and expeditiously. The Tribunal had come to grips with
Triulzi’s desire to inspect the two washing machines, but it was not told why
Triulzi needed four weeks to inspect and another four weeks to prepare the
expert report when Xinyi took four hours to inspect the two washing machines.
In those circumstances, Triulzi’s contention relating to inequality must be
rejected on this point alone.

112 Secondly, the term “equality” must be “interpreted reasonably in
regulating the procedural aspects of the arbitration” (see _Holtzmann and
Neuhaus_ at p 551). It cannot be the case that each party must have the exact
same amount of time afforded in relation to the production of an expert
report. Article 18 does not require the arbitral tribunal to ensure that both
parties are treated identically. Notably, the principle of equality in Art 18
is about applying _similar_ standards to all parties throughout the arbitral
process (see the 2012 Digest, p 97 at para 5). Furthermore, _SIA: Law &
Practice_ make the following comments at ch 6, paras 2.11–2.13 and 2.15:

2.11 The first requirement, that the parties be ‘treated with equality’, means
that the parties are to be treated in equal fashion. This does not mean that
the tribunal must treat the parties identically, but it must accord them equal
treatment in the procedure adopted for the conduct of the reference. It seems
that the requirement of equal treatment must be observed by the parties and
the tribunal alike.

2.12 Nevertheless the principle of equal treatment should not, it is
suggested, be confused with that of mandating an exact equal amount of time or
an equal number of pleadings, or speeches. Whilst such a procedure may be
adopted in the discretion of the tribunal it is not mandated. …

2,13 The fundamental reason that equality of treatment does not mandate such
an approach is that equality of treatment is ultimately considered together
with a full opportunity to present its case. In other words, if a party is
accorded a full opportunity to present its case including to comment upon the
case advanced against it, then it is suggested that a tribunal is not
concerned with whether or not an exactly equal time or an exact equal number
of pleadings or speeches is accorded to each party.

…

2.15 Yet further, it is even possible to express at the extremes a potential
tension between the two concepts of equality of treatment and a full
opportunity to present its case. Thus every tribunal is likely to make some
provision for a procedural timetable for the disposal of the matter in as
reasonably expeditious fashion as is permitted in all the circumstances. Such
a timetable will inevitably limit the amount of time given to each party to
prepare and present a case. Thus it frequently transpires that one party or
other applies to the tribunal for further permission to extend time or present
further evidence out of time or an additional submissions. All will depend
upon the circumstances of the particular case; nonetheless a tribunal must
balance the need to accord equality to the parties which will include
adherence to the timetable applicable to each side to prepare and present its
case and the requirement to accord each party a full opportunity to present
its case. …

113 I now refer to a German decision by the Oberlandesgericht Celle: _8 Sch
3/01_ (2 October 2001) which was discussed by Dr Peter Binder, _International
Commercial Arbitration and Conciliation in UNCITRAL Model Law Jurisdictions_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2010) at pp 279–280:

In this case the respondent alleged a violation of its right to be heard and
the equal treatment of parties (art.18 of the model Law) due to the fact that
the arbitral tribunal had conducted the proceedings only in the Russian
language, which the respondent could not understand, this despite the fact
that the contract itself was drafted in two languages. The Higher Regional
Court Celle held that the defendant had been given _sufficient possibility to
raise defences_ before the arbitral tribunal. Lacking any specific agreement
of the parties to the contrary, it was self-evident that the Russian Court of
Arbitration would conduct the arbitral proceedings in Russian. The court
emphasised that it was the defendant’s obligation to obtain assistance from an
interpreter in order to _participate fully in the proceedings_. [emphasis
added]

As can be seen from this excerpt, the mere fact that there was some
“inequality” as a result of the fact that it was more convenient for the
applicant, who understood Russian, to participate in the arbitration does not
amount to a violation of Art 18.

114 Likewise the commentary from _SIA: Law & Practice_ above (at [112])
recognises that the amount of time to be afforded to a party cannot be based
solely on the amount of time afforded to the other party. Other circumstances
may bear upon the judgment of the Tribunal. A relevant consideration is the
conduct of the parties. The stage of the arbitral proceedings at the material
time also matters.

115 In this regard, I note that in Triulzi’s letter dated 5 April 2013, Mr
Shum had only requested time for Triulzi to engage an expert _to inspect the
two washing machines at Xinyi’s facility and produce a report based on such an
inspection_. Obviously, the Tribunal had relied on Triulzi’s submission that
it only wanted to inspect the two machines at Xinyi’s facility. In this
regard, the Tribunal: (a) noted that Dr Bao took four hours to inspect the
machines; and (b) confined Triulzi’s inspection to the two washing machines
and that its inspection should “not extend to other units in the same premises
or other premises”.[note: 18] At the same time, the Tribunal was mindful that
the extension of time to file an expert witness statement was being sought
very close to the evidentiary hearing dates in April. In this regard, the
Tribunal’s consideration of urgency in the conduct of the arbitral proceedings
was a relevant factor. Notably, the Tribunal must have regard: (a) to the fact
that Xinyi filed its expert witness statement on time on 1 April 2013; and (b)
to its obligation to get on with the arbitral proceedings with reasonable
expedition (see also [131]–[132] below). Seen against this backdrop of
circumstances, the Tribunal could not be said to have treated Triulzi
unequally. I also note that all these factors are also relevant to the issue
of whether Triulzi was afforded a reasonable opportunity to be heard and they
will be discussed in greater detail when I deal with Issue 2.

116 Lastly, it cannot be the case that Triulzi was treated unequally for the
sole reason that Xinyi was the only party armed with expert evidence at the
hearing. The Tribunal is only required to ensure that both Triulzi and Xinyi
had an opportunity to submit expert evidence. It is not required to ensure
that both Triulzi and Xinyi made full and best use of such an opportunity.
Triulzi cannot complain of its own failure to make use of the opportunity
given to it by the Tribunal. Triulzi’s complaint, in effect, is premised on it
being denied an opportunity to adduce expert evidence rather than the bare
fact that it did not adduce such evidence at the hearing. From this
perspective, Triulzi’s main contention does not relate to equality of
treatment under Art 18 of the Model Law and should be re-characterised as an
allegation that it was not afforded a reasonable opportunity to present expert
evidence. The question then is whether Triulzi was afforded a reasonable
opportunity to be heard in the arbitration and this is raised by Triulzi under
Issue 2.

Issue 2: Breach of natural justice

Criticisms of the Tribunal’s procedural orders and directions

117 Mr Tan’s alternative argument to the agreed procedural breach point is
founded on s 24(_b_) of the IAA and Art 34(2)(_a_)(ii) of the Model Law. Issue
2 is premised on three specific criticisms of the Tribunal’s procedural orders
and directions that were said to have effectively denied Triulzi a reasonable
opportunity to present its own expert evidence. In particular, Triulzi was
prevented from advancing arguments before the Tribunal that the subject
machines complied with the contractual technical specifications, and that any
non-compliance was due to Xinyi’s lack of maintenance and the very dirty
environment of Xinyi’s facility. Triulzi was further prevented from refuting
the Tribunal’s reliance on Xinyi’s expert evidence in respect of the
contractual requirement to run the subject machines for 8 hours for the
acceptance test. Mr Tan also argues that, as a result of such procedural
orders and directions, Triulzi was treated unequally as compared with Xinyi
(this inequality point is already discussed above). The three procedural
orders and directions are:

(a) The direction on 5 April 2013 for Triulzi to file its expert witness
statement by 4pm on 15 April 2013;

(b) The direction on 16 April 2013 refusing Triulzi’s application to vacate
the hearing dates; and

(c) The refusal to admit Dr Piombo’s Report on 25 April 2013.

118 As I alluded to above (at [19]), Triulzi’s challenge is effectively
against the procedural orders and directions made in the course of the
arbitral proceedings rather than a challenge to the making of the Award. In
this case, Triulzi has to persuade the court that the Tribunal’s procedural
decisions were, albeit a matter of case management, amounted to a breach of
natural justice (_ie_ , the procedural nature of the right to be heard) as a
result of which Triulzi’s rights are prejudiced (see s 24(_b_) of the IAA).
Notably, the accusations are not that the Tribunal had not dealt with all the
central issues of the dispute or that the Tribunal had dealt with the issues
without hearing the parties. Triulzi’s difficulty resides in establishing that
Triulzi’s complaints arise from circumstances attributable to the Tribunal, or
that the circumstances were not a result of Triulzi’s own failures or choices
(tactical or otherwise). In the final analysis, the three procedural orders
and directions could not even be treated as evidence of the Tribunal’s
culpability and this means that Triulzi’s criticisms of the Tribunal (see also
[22]–[23] above) must fail. In my view, these criticisms were unfounded.

Triulzi’s arguments

119 In brief, Triulzi’s allegations as part of its natural justice arguments
are as follows: (a) that ten days to produce an expert report did not afford
it a meaningful opportunity to file an expert report; and that this short time
extension was further compounded by (b) the Tribunal’s rejection of Triulzi’s
application to vacate the hearing dates and (c) its refusal to admit Dr
Piombo’s Report which Triulzi had attempted to file on the last day of the
hearing.

120 Triulzi’s submits that the Tribunal’s procedural orders and directions
described in [117(a)] and [117(b)] and the Tribunal’s decision described in
[117(c)] violated its right to be heard as embodied in Art 18 of the Model Law
that requires the arbitral tribunal to give each party “a full opportunity of
presenting his case”. As a result of this violation of its right to be heard,
Triulzi argues that the Award should be set aside under s 24(_b_) of the IAA
and Art 34(2)(_a_)(ii) of the Model Law.

Parties’ approach in OS 1114/2013

121 Section 24(_b_) of the IAA provides that:

**Court may set aside award**

**24**. Notwithstanding Article 34(1) of the Model Law, the High Court may, in
addition to the grounds set out in Article 34(2) of the Model Law, set aside
the award of the arbitral tribunal if —

…

(b) a breach of the rules of natural justice occurred in connection with the
making of the award by which the rights of any party have been prejudiced.

122 Article 34(2)(_a_)(ii) of the Model Law provides that:

**Article 34\. Application for setting aside as exclusive recourse against
arbitral award**

…

(2) An arbitral award may be set aside by the court specified in article 6
only if:

(a) the party making the application furnishes proof that:

…

(ii) the party making the application was not given proper notice of the
appointment of an arbitrator or of the arbitral proceedings or was otherwise
unable to present his case; or

…

123 Both parties drew no distinction between s 24(_b_) of the IAA and Art
34(2)(_a_)(ii) of the Model Law. Vinodh Coomaraswamy J in _ADG and another v
ADI and another_ [2014] 3 SLR 481 (“ _ADG v ADI_ ”) recognised at [118] that
there is “no distinction between the right to be heard as an aspect of the
rules of natural justice under s 24 (_b_) of the IAA and as an aspect of being
able to be heard within the meaning of Article 34(2)(_a_)(ii).”

124 Furthermore, although Art 18 uses the word “full opportunity” to present
one’s case, both parties proceeded on the understanding that this only
requires the Tribunal to accord each party a “reasonable opportunity” to
present its case. Coomaraswamy J also held in _ADG v ADI_ at [105] that “full
opportunity” to be heard as mandated by Art 18 is no different from a
requirement to afford a party a reasonable opportunity to be heard. There is
in effect no need to rely on Art 18 since the principles there accord with the
principles of natural justice in both s 24(_b_) of the IAA and Art
34(2)(_a_)(ii) of the Model Law.

125 I therefore propose to deal with s 24(_b_) of the IAA and Art
34(2)(_a_)(ii) together since both provisions involve a single inquiry as to
whether Triulzi was denied a reasonable opportunity to be heard (“the fair
hearing rule”). It is noteworthy that the content of the fair hearing rule can
vary greatly from case to case depending on the circumstances of each case
since what may be a breach in one context may not be a breach in another. At
this juncture, it is useful to refer to the Queensland Supreme Court’s
observations on procedural fairness in the decision of _Sugar Australia Pty
Ltd v Mackay Sugar_ Ltd [2012] QSC 38 (“ _Sugar Australia_ ”) at [33]:

The question is whether the applicant was deprived unfairly of an opportunity
to put its case, by argument and if relevant by evidence, against the
reasoning by which the arbitrator had rejected the applicant’s case. The
answer largely turns upon whether the applicant should reasonably have
anticipated that, without the arbitrator providing such an opportunity to the
applicant, the arbitrator might determine the dispute by that reasoning. In
_Re Association of Architects ex parte Municipal Officers Association_ ,
Gaudron J said:

“As was pointed out by Deane J in  _Sullivan v Department of Transport_ (1978)
20 ALR 323 at 343, procedural fairness requires only that a party be given ‘a
reasonable opportunity to present his case’ and not that the tribunal ensure
‘that a party takes the best advantage of the opportunity to which he is
entitled’. And it is always relevant to enquire whether the party or his legal
representative should reasonably have apprehended that the issue was or might
become a live issue: see  _Re Building Workers’ Industrial Union of Australia;
ex parte Gallagher_ (1988) 62 ALJR 81 at 84; 76 ALR 353 at 358.”

126 If Triulzi is able to establish that it was denied a reasonable
opportunity to present its case, it must then establish how this denial bore
upon the adverse decision or in other words that it was prejudiced as a
result. At this juncture, it is appropriate to repeat here my comments above
(at [118]). Triulzi has to first and foremost show that the Tribunal’s
procedural orders and decisions were not a matter of case management, but a
breach of natural justice (_ie_ , the procedural nature of the right to be
heard). Evidentially, were Triulzi’s complaints due to circumstances
attributable to the Tribunal, or were the circumstances due to Triulzi’s own
failures or choices (tactical or otherwise)?

Case management powers of the Tribunal

127 Triulzi’s complaints revolved around the exercise of the Tribunal’s case
management powers. The Tribunal’s discretion to determine procedure, in the
absence of agreement between the parties on such matters, is enshrined in Art
19 of the Model Law which is set out above (at [46]).

128 Furthermore, by adopting the ICC Rules 2012, the parties have also agreed
to grant the Tribunal broad and flexible case management powers. As stated in
Art 22(2) of the ICC Rules 2012:

**Article 22: Conduct of the Arbitration**

(1) The arbitral tribunal and the parties shall make every effort to conduct
the arbitration in an expeditious and cost-effective manner, having regard to
the complexity and value of the dispute.

(2) In order to ensure effective case management, the arbitral tribunal, after
consulting the parties, may adopt such procedural measures as it considers
appropriate, provided that they are not contrary to any agreement of the
parties.

…

(4) In all cases, the arbitral tribunal shall act fairly and impartially and
ensure that each party has a reasonable opportunity to present its case.

(5) The parties undertake to comply with any order made by the arbitral
tribunal.

129 A similarly broad and flexible authority is granted to the Tribunal to
deal with evidence under Art 9(1) of the IBA Rules which the parties have also
adopted:

**Article 9. Admissibility and Assessment of Evidence**

(1) The Arbitral Tribunal shall determine the admissibility, relevance,
materiality and weight of evidence.

130 In this regard, I refer to Tay Yong Kwang J’s description of the role of
the Tribunal as the “master of his own procedure” with wide discretionary
powers in _Anwar Siraj v Ting Kang Chung_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 287 (“ _Anwar Siraj_
”) at [41]:

The arbitrator is, subject to any procedure otherwise agreed between the
parties as applying to the arbitration in question, master of his own
procedure and has a wide discretionary power to conduct the arbitration
proceedings in the way he sees fit, so long as what he is doing is not
manifestly unfair or contrary to natural justice.

131 This passage was cited with approval by the Court of Appeal in _Soh Beng
Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 (“ _Soh
Beng Tee_ ”) at [60]. That the Tribunal is the master of his own procedure is
one of the foundational elements of the international arbitral process.
Nonetheless, as observed by Tay J, the arbitral tribunal’s case management
powers are not without limits. The exercise of case management powers is
subject to the rules of natural justice which includes the right to be heard.
However, this right only encompasses a reasonable opportunity to present one’s
case, the fair hearing rule, which must be considered in light of other
competing factors. For instance, the Tribunal is also obligated under Art
22(1) of the ICC Rules 2012 to “make every effort to conduct the arbitration
in an expeditious and cost-effective manner, having regard to the complexity
and value of the dispute.” Weight must be accorded to “the practical realities
of the arbitral ecosystem such as promptness and price” (see _TMM Division
Maritima SA de CV v Pacific Richfield Marine Pte Ltd_ [2013] 4 SLR 972 at
[103]).

132 In this regard, an arbitral tribunal exercising case management powers
will take into consideration a myriad of factors, including the arbitral
tribunal’s obligation to conduct the arbitration fairly and expeditiously. The
supervisory role of the court over the Tribunal’s exercise of his case
management powers should therefore be “exercised with a light hand” in the
context of a challenge on the basis of the fair hearing rule (see _Anwar
Siraj_ at [42]).

133 The decision in _Grand Pacific_ which I have discussed above (at [61]) in
relation to Art 34(2)(_a_)(iv) is also relevant here. In that case, the
applicant also sought to set aside an arbitral award under Art 34(2)(_a_)(ii)
of the Model Law on the ground that it had been unable to present its case as
a result of certain case management decisions taken by the tribunal. One of
these decisions was a refusal to consider additional authorities which the
applicant sought to rely on. The High Court set aside the award but the
decision was reversed by the Hong Kong Court of Appeal. In its decision at
[68], the Hong Kong Court of Appeal emphasised the broad and flexible case
management powers of the arbitral tribunal:

The learned Judge concluded at para.129 that the refusal to receive and
consider the additional authorities prevented [the applicant] from presenting
its case and therefore a violation of art.34(2)(a)(ii) has been established.
With respect, I cannot agree with Saunders J. _I do not believe he was
entitled to interfere with a case management decision, which was fully within
the discretion of the [arbitral tribunal] to make._ [emphasis added]

134 The Hong Kong Court of Appeal proceeded to highlight at [94] that in
relation to the exercise of the arbitral tribunal’s case management powers,
“the conduct complained of must be sufficiently serious or egregious so that
one could say a party has been denied due process.” In this regard, I note
that this phrase was also considered by Coomaraswamy J in _ADG v ADI_ and I
agree with his interpretation at [116]:

… [The Hong Kong Court of Appeal] held [in _Grand Pacific_] … that before a
court finds that a party was unable to present its case within the meaning of
Article 34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model Law, “the conduct complained of must be
sufficiently serious or egregious so that one could say a party has been
denied due process”. Although the term “due process” originates in English law
(see the Liberty of Subject Act 1354, still in force in England today), it is
not a term of art in English, Singapore or indeed Hong Kong law. Read in
context, the concept of “due process” referred to by the Hong Kong Court of
Appeal directs the focus to the elemental or fundamental aspects of the right
to be heard rather than to its technical or incidental aspects. The violation
of that right which is necessary to amount to a party being “unable to be
heard” must be a radical breach of that right which is “serious or egregious”,
though not so radical that the public policy grounds under Article
34(2)(b)(ii) are engaged.

135 With these case management principles in mind, I now turn to examine
whether Triulzi is able to show that the Tribunal’s procedural decisions were
a breach of natural justice (_ie_ , the procedural nature of the right to be
heard) and brought them within the ambit of s 24(_b_) of the IAA and Art
34(2)(_a_)(ii) of the Model Law.

The direction on 5 April 2013 for Triulzi to file its expert witness statement
by 4pm on 15 April 2013

136 In connection with this aspect of the application, the case management
powers of the Tribunal need to be addressed in the context of five other
matters. First, the Tribunal’s duty was to proceed with the conduct of the
arbitration fairly and expeditiously. The history here is that the parties
were supposed to be ready for an evidentiary hearing starting 22 April 2013;
the hearing dates having been fixed since 11 December 2012 in the Procedural
Timetable. The Tribunal had also given notice to the parties on 13 December
2012 that it expected the parties to strictly adhere to the Procedural
Timetable (see [27] above). There was already a departure from the prescribed
timeline following a request by both parties to extend the deadline for the
“Filing of Witness Statements” by a week to 1 April 2013. I also observe that
according to Art 30(1) of the ICC Rules 2012, the Tribunal was required to
render its final award six months from the Terms of Reference, _ie_ 28 May
2013, and this also contributed to the urgency of the matter. It does not
matter that the Tribunal had in fact issued the Award after 28 May 2013 as
what is important is that the Tribunal was concerned with this deadline when
it issued its procedural orders and directions. Considering all those factors
at play, and in light of Art 22 of the ICC Rules 2012 which requires the
Tribunal to conduct matters expeditiously, the Tribunal, on learning of
Triulzi’s application to vacate the April hearing dates on the basis that it
required a total of eight weeks to inspect and file its expert witness
statement, was quite entitled to conclude that in those circumstances, it was
better for the hearing to proceed on the dates fixed and grant a time
extension of ten days to Triulzi for it to file an expert witness statement.
It seems to me that the Tribunal had, within its case management discretion,
acted fairly and was entitled to conclude that proper case management of the
Arbitration required the April hearing to go ahead.

137 Secondly, I have already concluded that Triulzi’s excuse for not filing
its expert’s witness statement by 1 April 2013 was not credible. The fact of
the matter is that Xinyi had in hand Dr Bao’s Report on 1 April 2013 but
Triulzi, on the other hand, despite having the same amount of time as Xinyi,
was without an expert witness statement. Triulzi’s predicament was created by
its own doing and it did not matter whether this was due to a mishap, mistake
or misunderstanding that it had an agreement with Xinyi. The suggestion that
the Tribunal’s time extension was not meaningful is symptomatic of Triulzi’s
approach throughout the entire Arbitration in that its own mistakes and
misunderstandings should not matter. As I see it, the Tribunal had conducted
itself fairly in the face of a predicament that was entirely of Triulzi’s own
doing.

138 Triulzi’s predicament was further compounded by what it had told the
Tribunal – it wanted its expert to inspect the two washing machines in
dispute. It was also compounded by what it had _not_ told the Tribunal.
Notably, the Tribunal’s decision to grant Triulzi a time extension of ten days
was set against the back drop of the following matters: (a) the Tribunal was
only told in a letter on 5 April 2013 that Triulzi wanted its expert to
inspect the two machines and to file an expert’s report on that matter; (b)
the Tribunal was neither told that the expert evidence would cover other
aspects of the dispute nor was it told that it was Triulzi’s intention to
instruct a non-Chinese expert, and that Triulzi could face difficulties in
relation to the availability of its expert and the visa application for its
expert; (c) the Tribunal observed that the length of time it took Dr Bao to
inspect the two machines was four hours; and (d) the scheduled hearing was
less than three weeks away. Besides the time extension, the Tribunal directed
Xinyi to give Triulzi’s access to the two machines in dispute so as to
expedite matters.

139 Thirdly, when issuing procedural directions, an arbitral tribunal must
consider the interests of both parties (see _Sanko Steamship Co Ltd v Shipping
Corp of India and Selwyn and Clark (The Jhansi Ki Rani)_ [1980] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
569). The Tribunal therefore had to balance the interest of Xinyi to ensure
that it was not inconvenienced for what might be termed Triulzi’s “lapses” or,
in a more charitable term, “mishaps”.

140 Fourthly, the parties were supposed to be ready for a hearing starting 22
April 2013, which hearing dates had been fixed since 11 December 2012\.
Triulzi was not ready and wanted the hearing dates of 22 to 25 April to be
vacated. It must be remembered that: (a) the dispute over the alleged
agreement to dispense with expert evidence arose on 2 April 2013 which was
less than 3 weeks before the start of the scheduled hearing; and (b) Triulzi
missed the deadline for filing an expert witness statement on 1 April 2013. It
was, however, given another opportunity to prepare an expert report and an
additional ten days was given after the Tribunal heard Triulzi’s application
for more time and vacation of the April hearing.

141 For the reasons given, the Tribunal’s conduct is not capable of criticism
whatsoever. Triulzi’s complaints are misconceived. In my view, the Tribunal
had made its decision fairly in consideration of all points raised by Triulzi
at that stage. It is not for the supervising court to interfere in an entirely
legitimate case management decision, and one which was necessary in the light
of the matters set out above.

The direction on 16 April 2013 refusing Triulzi’s application to vacate the
hearing dates

142 On 12 April 2013, Triulzi wrote to the Tribunal to complain that the time
extension of ten days for the Triulzi to file an expert’s report was too short
and invited the Tribunal to reconsider its decision not to vacate the April
hearing dates. By that time, seven of the ten days afforded to Triulzi had
passed.

143 In that communication, Triulzi informed the Tribunal that its choice of
expert was not available. This formed the basis of Triulzi’s subsequent
contention in OS 1114/2013 that it was not given a meaningful opportunity to
file an expert report. Triulzi relies on the fact that its first choice
expert, Mr Wigg, was only available from early June 2013 onwards. It also
relies on the fact that its Italian experts had to apply for a visa one month
before travel to China. This would mean that it was impossible for either Mr
Wigg or another Italian expert to produce an expert report between 5 April
2013 and 15 April 2013.

144 I cannot accept this argument criticising the Tribunal’s conduct on and
prior to 16 April 2013. Bearing in mind what was said to the Tribunal at that
stage, a reasonable opportunity to present Triulzi’s case does not equate to a
reasonable opportunity to optimally present _everything_ that it wants to
present. Triulzi’s inability to engage either Mr Wigg or an Italian expert is
not a basis for finding that 10 days did not constitute a reasonable
opportunity to file its expert report. Neither should Triulzi’s failure to
reasonably apprehend the new issues that were, or might have become, live
issues constitute a want of procedural fairness.

145 I have already stated that the Tribunal was not told prior to the 5 April
2013 decision that Triulzi wanted to engage Mr Wigg who would need to apply
for a visa to China. It was not Triulzi’s case that it could not engage an
expert that was already in China. Triulzi also submits that aside from
securing an expert, the ten days granted by the Tribunal was insufficient for
it to:

(a) liaise with Xinyi to ensure that the washing machines were available for
inspection at Xinyi’s facility; and

(b) have the expert prepare the report that not only deals with the issue of
inherent design defects within the machine, but also the impact of the
environmental conditions of the facility on the washing machines, the adequacy
of Xinyi’s maintenance of the machines and the interpretation of technical
terms.

146 As regards point (a), the Tribunal had on 5 April 2013 directed Xinyi to
“give reasonable supervised access to [Triulzi’s] expert to inspect the 2
glass-washing machines.”[note: 19] It transpired that Triulzi did not contact
Xinyi and Ms Koh submits that Triulzi cannot complain of having insufficient
time when its own behaviour shows that it was not making full use of the ten
days granted to it. I agree with Ms Koh’s submissions.

147 On point (b), Mr Shum’s letter dated 5 April 2013 and 12 April 2013 only
related to the inspection of the two machines in dispute. Notably, Mr Wigg was
also only instructed to inspect the two machines in dispute, as seen in his
e-mail to Triulzi dated 12 April 2013. Right through to the hearing on 16
April 2013, the complaint related to insufficient time “to engage [an] expert
witness, send him to China for the inspection and come up with a report” as
seen from the Tribunal’s e-mail of 16 April 2013 set out above (at [37]).
Significantly, it is clear from the contemporaneous documentary evidence that
in April 2013, the Tribunal was _not_ _told_ by Triulzi that it needed its
expert not only for the inspection of the two machines, but also for the
environment of the facility and Xinyi’s maintenance regime.

148 Again, Triulzi’s complaint that the Tribunal’s time extension was not
meaningful and it was not given an opportunity to present its own expert
evidence that covered other matters is again symptomatic of Triulzi’s approach
throughout the entire Arbitration. Triulzi seeks to criticise the Tribunal’s
conduct for something that Triulzi itself had not seen fit to put before the
Tribunal for consideration. There is no explanation as to why the Tribunal was
not told on 16 April 2013 that Triulzi wanted its expert to inspect the
environmental conditions of Xinyi’s facility, Xinyi’s maintenance regime, or
for the expert report to deal with the interpretation of technical terms.
Triulzi’s stated position in April 2013 was that it wanted its expert to
inspect the two machines only and to file an expert statement on this, a
position that is very different from the one it is taking in OS 1114/2013. It
plainly now wants to have a “second bite at the cherry” having seen the
Tribunal’s findings and reasoning in the Award. In particular, the Tribunal
rejected Triulzi’s factual witness evidence on these issues, and knowing that,
Triulzi, with the benefit of hindsight, now alleges that time should have been
given for it to prepare an expert report to buttress its factual witness
evidence on those issues. It is also noteworthy that the issue relating to the
interpretation of technical terms, which was not part of Triulzi’s original
pleaded case, was only “brought up belatedly at the hearing”[note: 20] by its
factual witness. It is highly unlikely that any expert report filed by Triulzi
before the hearing would have dealt with this issue in the first place.

149 Following _BLC v BLB_ , this court should reject Triulzi’s attempts to re-
package the original arguments that were previously advanced in the
Arbitration for the purpose of challenging the Award on the ground that it was
not given a reasonable opportunity to file an expert report.

150 For the reasons above, in my view, the Tribunal’s refusal to vacate the
April hearing dates and to go ahead with the April hearing was a proper and
legitimate case management decision. There is nothing to the contention that
by refusing the application, the Tribunal denied Triulzi its right to be
heard.

151 I would also add that the right of each party to be heard does not mean
that the Tribunal must “sacrifice all efficiency in order to accommodate
unreasonable procedural demands by a party” (see _Holtzmann and Neuhaus_ at p
551). The Tribunal was entitled to take “the view that Triulzi have had a
chance to inspect the machines” within the ten days.[note: 21]

152 Lastly, I also agree with the observation in the passage from _Sugar
Australia_ quoted above (at [125]) that procedural fairness requires only that
a party be given “a reasonable opportunity to present his case” and not that
the tribunal needs to ensure “that a party takes the best advantage of the
opportunity to which he is entitled”. Here, the Tribunal did not have to
ensure that Triulzi took the best advantage of the ten days it was given. It
is obvious from the narrative above that it was Triulzi who has to take the
blame for the predicament it faced.

The decision refusing the admission of Dr Piombo’s Report on 25 April 2013

153 Triulzi’s contention in this regard is that the Tribunal’s refusal of its
application to admit Dr Piombo’s Report was a breach of natural justice. This
contention is baseless. It is quite clear from the transcripts that Triulzi’s
application to admit Dr Piombo’s Report was made on the last day of the
hearing and that Mr Shum could not satisfy the Tribunal that there were
compelling reasons for his very late application to admit it. The same points
raised previously to persuade the Tribunal to vacate the April hearing were
rehashed to persuade the Tribunal to admit Dr Piombo’s Report and for the
hearing to be part heard. This was Triulzi’s third attempt to stop the
Arbitration having failed twice to vacate the April hearing in order to buy
more time to obtain expert evidence.

154 That Dr Piombo was not at the hearing to take the stand meant that the
Arbitration must be definitely left part-heard if Dr Piombo’s Report was
admitted at such a late stage of the arbitral proceedings. His absence was
also not explained and his non-attendance was plausibly viewed as entirely of
Triulzi’s own making and quite deliberate. Besides, there were no compelling
arguments to satisfy the Tribunal that Dr Piombo’s Report had to be admitted
on the last day of the hearing (see [42] above).

155 It would seem that Triulzi was once again adopting a tactical ploy to
adjourn the hearing. In this regard, the observation made in _Analytical
Commentary_ at p 46 is apposite:

“[F]ull opportunity of presenting one’s case” does not entitle a party to
obstruct the proceedings by dilatory tactics and, for example, present any
objections, amendments, or evidence only on the eve of the award.”

156 It is difficult to see how, in those circumstances, the Tribunal could be
said to have been deserving of criticism in not admitting Dr Piombo’s Report.
The Tribunal was justified in concluding that the right course was to go ahead
to complete the hearing on 25 April 2013\. Taking everything together, Triulzi
was indeed seeking to admit evidence at the last day of the hearing and to
have the proceedings part-heard. As stated, the absence of Dr Piombo at the
hearing to take the stand on 25 April 2013 was not explained. Furthermore,
there was no prior indication at all that Triulzi was still trying to admit
expert evidence long after it failed to persuade the Tribunal to reconsider
vacating the April hearing on 16 April 2013 and after it had missed the 15
April 2013 deadline for filing its expert witness statement.

Conclusion on Triulzi’s right to be heard

157 For the reasons given above, I reject Triulzi’s criticisms of the conduct
of the Tribunal. Triulzi was not denied a reasonable opportunity to file an
expert witness statement and the Tribunal had also exercised his case
management powers reasonably and properly. I find that Triulzi’s application
to set aside the arbitral award under s 24(_b_) of the IAA and Art
34(2)(_a_)(ii) of the Model Law must fail.

Prejudice

158 For the sake of completeness, I will comment on the issue of prejudice on
the assumption that there was a breach of a natural justice.

159 Triulzi argues that an expert report which dealt with the environmental
conditions at Xinyi’s facility, Xinyi’s maintenance of the washing machines
and the interpretation of technical terms could have reasonably made a
difference to the Tribunal’s deliberations. I have observed above (at
[147]–[148]) that Triulzi’s contention that it would have dealt with these
issues _via_ its expert report is premised upon hindsight. Given what was said
to the Tribunal in April 2013, Triulzi was not intending to file an expert
report dealing with these issues at that time. As such, there would
consequently be no impact on the Tribunal’s deliberation since such material
would not even have been present before the Tribunal for its consideration.
Triulzi is therefore unable to show that it suffered any prejudice even if I
had found that there was a breach of natural justice. Its application to set
aside the arbitral award under s 24(_b_) of the IAA and Art 34(2)(_a_)(ii) of
the Model Law would have failed on this basis as well.

Issue 3: Breach of public policy

160 On Issue 3, Mr Tan submits that the Tribunal was obliged to apply as the
governing law of the contracts the CISG which is an international treaty that
Singapore has signed and ratified. He argues that the Award which failed to
apply the CISG is in conflict with Singapore’s public policy. I proceed to
deal with this final ground of setting aside raised by Triulzi.

161 During the CMC on 11 December 2012, a preliminary issue as to the
applicable law to the three contracts was tabled for determination. According
to the minutes of the CMC, the Tribunal heard oral submissions from both
parties and decided that the governing law for all three contracts was to be
Singapore law. Mr Tan argues that the Tribunal did not apply the CISG. He did
not identify the relevant Articles in the CISG that ought to have been applied
by the Tribunal. I do not follow Mr Tan’s point that the Tribunal did not
apply CISG. First, as I understand it, there is domestic legislation in the
form of the Sale of Goods (United Nations Convention) Act (Cap 283A, 2013 Rev
Ed) (“International Sale of Goods Act”) giving effect to the CISG and when the
Tribunal decided that the governing law was Singapore law, the Tribunal would
be referring to the common law and statutes in force in Singapore, including
the International Sale of Goods Act. Secondly, I observe from para [111] of
the Award that the Tribunal had actually made reference to the CISG and,
contrary to Mr Tan’s contention that the Tribunal did not apply the CISG, the
Tribunal applied Art 35 of the CISG as to the requisite burden of proof. Even
if there were other relevant Articles of the CISG that should have been
applied, Mr Tan did not identify them. In any event, even if the Tribunal did
not consider other Articles of the CISG when it ought to, it has simply made
an error of law and an error of law does not engage the public policy ground
in Art 34(2)(_b_)(ii) of the Model Law (see _PT Asuransi_ _Jasa Indonesia
(Persero) v Dexia Bank SA_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 597 (“ _PT Asuransi_ ”) at [57]).

162 I move on to Triulzi’s other argument that the failure of the Tribunal to
apply the CISG violates Singapore’s policy of upholding international
obligations (since it has ratified the CISG) and should therefore be set aside
pursuant to Art 34(2)(_b_)(ii) of the Model Law. Art 34(2)(_b_)(ii) allows the
court to set aside the award if “the award is in conflict with the public
policy” of Singapore. In _PT Asuransi_ , the Court of Appeal explained the
operation of this ground of setting aside at [59]:

Although the concept of public policy of the State is not defined in the Act
or the Model Law, the general consensus of judicial and expert opinion is that
public policy under the Act encompasses a narrow scope. In our view, it should
only operate in instances where the upholding of an arbitral award would
“shock the conscience” (see  _Downer Connect_ ([58]  _supra_) at [136]), or is
“clearly injurious to the public good or … wholly offensive to the ordinary
reasonable and fully informed member of the public” (see  _Deutsche Schachbau
v Shell International Petroleum Co Ltd_ [1987] 2 Lloyds’ Rep 246 at 254,
_per_ Sir John Donaldson MR), or where it violates the forum’s most basic
notion of morality and justice: see  _Parsons & Whittemore Overseas Co Inc v
Societe Generale de L’Industrie du Papier (RAKTA)_ 508 F 2d 969 (2nd Cir,
1974) at 974. This would be consistent with the concept of public policy that
can be ascertained from the preparatory materials to the Model Law. As was
highlighted in the Commission Report (A/40/17), at para 297 (referred to in
_A Guide to the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration:
Legislative History and Commentary_ by Howard M Holtzmann and Joseph E Neuhaus
(Kluwer, 1989) at p 914):

In discussing the term “public policy”, it was understood that it was not
equivalent to the political stance or international policies of a State but
comprised the  _fundamental notions and principles of justice_ … It was
understood that the term “public policy”, which was used in the 1958 New York
Convention and many other treaties, covered fundamental principles of law and
justice in substantive as well as procedural respects. Thus, instances such as
_corruption, bribery or fraud_ and similar serious cases would constitute a
ground for setting aside. [emphasis added]

It cannot be said that the Tribunal’s failure to apply the CISG “would shock
the conscience”. It is also neither “clearly injurious to the public good or …
wholly offensive to the ordinary reasonable and fully informed member of the
public” nor does it violate Singapore’s “most basic notion of morality and
justice.”

163 Furthermore, what Triulzi is essentially saying is that upholding the
Award amounts to a breach of Singapore’s international obligations and this
has to fall within the domain of Singapore’s public policy in the wide sense.
But this is contrary to the view of the Court of Appeal in _PT Asuransi_ that
“public policy” in Art 34(2)(_b_)(ii) of the Model Law refers to Singapore’s
public policy in the narrow sense. Singapore has honoured its obligations as a
signatory to the CISG by passing domestic legislation giving legal effect to
the CISG. It is not surprising that Mr Tan cannot point to any legal basis
that engages Singapore’s international public policy to require this
particular Tribunal or other arbitral tribunals, private institutions that are
not bound by the CISG, to apply the CISG. Arbitral tribunals are first and
foremost bound by the agreement of the parties which includes the agreed
institutional rules. In this case, Art 21(1) of the ICC Rules 2012 provides
that:

**Article 21: Applicable Rules of Law**

(1) The parties shall be free to agree upon the rules of law to be applied by
the arbitral tribunal to the merits of the dispute. _In the absence of any
such agreement, the arbitral tribunal shall apply the rules of law which it
determines to be appropriate_. [emphasis added]

164 Given that there is no choice of law agreement in any of the three
contracts, it is therefore clearly within the Tribunal’s powers, granted to it
by mutual consent of the parties, to determine Singapore law to be the
governing law of the contract. There is no strict obligation on the Tribunal
to apply the CISG and it is entitled to prefer another rule of law which it
“determines to be appropriate”. Triulzi, by agreeing to apply the ICC Rules,
also agreed to have its dispute resolved in accordance with this rule of law
determined by the Tribunal. It cannot complain about the rule of law chosen by
the Tribunal even if it disagrees with the Tribunal’s choice since it has
agreed to be bound by the Tribunal’s choice.

165 For these reasons, Triulzi’s application to set aside the award under Art
34(2)(_b_)(ii) also fails.

Conclusion

166 For the reasons stated, Triulzi’s application in OS 1114/2013 is without
merit and must be refused. Accordingly, OS 1114/2013 is dismissed. The
evidential foundation of Triulzi’s complaints had nothing to do with conduct
of the Tribunal and the predicaments Triulzi faced were entirely of its own
doing. This was clearly reflected in the way it conducted its case in the
Arbitration. In this application, Triulzi’s characterisation of its case as an
award that was not in accordance with Art 18 in order to engage Art 34(2) of
the Model Law and s 24(_b_) of the IAA simply ignores the evidential
foundation of Triulzi’s complaints. Its public policy argument is no better.
Triulzi must bear the consequences of its own failures and choices (tactical
or otherwise) that it made at the Arbitration.

167 I will hear parties on the costs of OS1114/2013. At the costs hearing,
parties are to address me on whether or not the circumstances of the present
case favour an order for costs to be taxed on an indemnity basis.

* * *

[note: 1]Core Bundle (“CB”), Tab 6, p 149.

[note: 2]CB, Tab 10, p 445.

[note: 3]CB, Tab 11, p 1179.

[note: 4]CB, Tab 12, p 448.

[note: 5]CB, Tab 14, p 1179.

[note: 6]CB, Tab 16, p 455.

[note: 7]CB, Tab 17, pp 457-458; Tab 19; Tab 20.

[note: 8]CB, Tab 21.

[note: 9]CB, Tab 22.

[note: 10]CB, Tab 27, pp 821-822.

[note: 11]CB, Tab 10, p 445.

[note: 12]CB, Tab 13, p 451.

[note: 13]CB, Tab 21.

[note: 14]CB, Tab 10, p 445.

[note: 15]CB, Tab 28, p 1244, [100].

[note: 16]CB, Tab 28, p 1244, [101].

[note: 17]CB, Tab 28, p 1245, [103].

[note: 18]CB, Tab 14, p 1179.

[note: 19]CB, Tab 14, p 1179.

[note: 20]CB, Tab 28, p 1242, [95].

[note: 21]CB, Tab 20.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Oct 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

