Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chu Said Thong and another _v_ Vision Law LLC  
[2014] SGHC 160

Case Number| :| Suit No 735 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 August 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Vinodh Coomaraswamy JC (as he then was)  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Gim Hai Adrian and Ms Yeoh Jean Wern (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the plaintiffs; Mr N Sreenivasan, SC and Mr K Gopalan (Straits Law
Practice LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Chu Said Thong and another — Vision Law LLC  
  
14 August 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Overview

1 Victor Tan is an audacious identity thief. In September 2010, he fabricated
in its entirety an option which purportedly gave him the right to buy the
property known as 13A Jalan Berjaya from Lum Whye Hee, its true owner. He
wrote a note on the “option” addressed to Susan Chua, a conveyancing secretary
employed by the defendant law firm. In that note, he pretended to be Lum Whye
Hee, instructed the defendant to act for him in selling the property and set
out his own mobile phone number. At the foot of the note, he fraudulently
signed Lum Whye Hee’s name. He then faxed a copy of the “option” to the
defendant.

2 Victor Tan used his fabricated “option” to defraud the plaintiffs into
agreeing to acquire from him his non-existent right to buy 13A Jalan Berjaya.
Before they agreed to do so, the first plaintiff called the defendant and
spoke to Susan Chua about the “option”. It is the plaintiffs’ case that Susan
Chua in this conversation made three critical misrepresentations. These
misrepresentations, the plaintiffs say, gave them the confidence to enter into
the transaction with Victor Tan by which he defrauded them and have thereby
caused them loss and damage.

3 The plaintiffs now seek compensation from the defendant for that loss and
damage under two heads. First, they seek to recover from the defendant the sum
of $105,200 which Victor Tan tricked them into handing over to him to buy his
right under his fabricated “option”. Second, their case is that their ill-
fated transaction with Victor Tan caused them to lose the opportunity to buy
an alternative property in their desired area in September and October 2010.
Although they resumed house hunting in January 2011, no property came on the
market in that area until in December 2011. The plaintiffs bought that
property, 13 Jalan Berjaya, at a price of $8m. That price was more than double
the price at which Victor Tan had fraudulently offered 13A Jalan Berjaya to
them. The increase reflected, at least in part, the steep rise in property
prices in that area between September 2010 and December 2011. The plaintiffs
therefore seek damages from the defendant for their lost opportunity to
purchase a property until December 2011. They value their compensation for
this lost opportunity as being over $2m.

4 The plaintiffs submit that the defendant is liable to compensate them for
these losses either because the defendant, through Susan Chua, made her three
misrepresentations to them fraudulently or negligently; alternatively because
the defendant, through Susan Chua, falsely warranted to them that it had
authority to act for Lum Whye Hee in a sale of 13A Jalan Berjaya.

5 I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claim against the defendant in fraudulent
misrepresentation on the grounds that the defendant quite obviously did not
defraud the plaintiffs. I dismiss also the plaintiffs’ claim against the
defendant in negligent misrepresentation on the grounds that the defendant did
not owe the plaintiffs a duty of care. I hold, however, that the defendant did
warrant to the plaintiffs through Susan Chua that it had authority to act for
Lum Whye Hee in a sale of 13A Jalan Berjaya. I therefore allow the plaintiffs’
claim to recover from the defendant the sum of $105,200 as damages for the
defendant’s breach of warranty of authority, as that loss was caused by the
defendant’s warranty of authority and is not too remote to be irrecoverable. I
hold, however, that the plaintiffs’ lost opportunity to purchase a property in
their desired area until December 2011 was not caused by the defendant’s
warranty and, is in any event, too remote to be recoverable from the defendant
as damages for breach of that warranty.

The facts

The plaintiffs look for a property in the Bishan/Thomson area

6 The plaintiffs are husband and wife. The first plaintiff is an oil trader
with British Petroleum plc. The second plaintiff is a homemaker. In 2010, they
lived in a semi-detached house in the Bishan/Thomson area. For various
reasons, they love that area and would never consider moving out of it. In
early 2010, they realised that they needed a bigger house. So began their
search for a larger, detached house in the same area.

7 Large, detached properties in that area rarely come onto the market. From
April 2010 to September 2010, only two did. The plaintiffs made offers on both
but were unsuccessful both times. The first property came on the market in
April 2010. This was a 6,340 square foot property at 29 Jalan Binchang. The
plaintiffs made an offer of $5m, or $788 per square foot, for this property.
They were outbid by another purchaser who offered $5.3m. Soon after that, the
second property came on the market. This was a 7,111 square foot house at 23
Jalan Berjaya. The plaintiffs made an offer of $6.5m, or $921 per square foot,
for this property. The owner did not accept the offer. The plaintiffs were
prepared to improve their offer, but the owner withdrew the property from the
market before they could do so.

Victor Tan places an advertisement

8 On Saturday, 18 September 2010, Victor Tan fraudulently advertised 13A Jalan
Berjaya for sale in the classified advertisements in the Straits Times. His
advertisement read as follows: “OPP BISHAN MRT! Old bunglw 5600 sqft. For
rebuild/ subdivide. $690 psf neg. [XXX]”. For a property of 5,600 square feet,
$690 per square foot worked out to a total price of $3.864m. That was the
price Victor Tan had inserted in his “option”.

9 The second plaintiff saw this advertisement on the same day it was
published. She told the first plaintiff about it. Both plaintiffs were very
excited.[note: 1] The property was just what the plaintiffs were looking for:
a large, detached property in a very good location within their desired area.
And the asking price was a reasonable one: significantly lower than the asking
prices of both properties on which the plaintiffs had made unsuccessful offers
in the first half of 2010 (see [7] above).

10 The second plaintiff telephoned the number in the advertisement. The man
who answered the call introduced himself to her as “Steven Sim”. That was a
lie: he was almost certainly Victor Tan. He told her that he was a property
broker with DTZ Debenham Tie Leung (SEA) Pte Ltd (“DTZ”). That too was a lie.
There was no property broker named “Steven Sim” associated with DTZ. He told
her that the address of the property he had advertised was 13A Jalan Berjaya.
That at least was true. But he had no connection whatsoever with that property
or with Lum Whye Hee, its true owner.

11 The plaintiffs viewed the outside of the property from the street that very
day. Since their intention was to demolish and rebuild, their external viewing
was sufficient for the plaintiffs to know that this was just the property they
were looking for.

The plaintiffs talk to Victor Tan, posing as “Steven Sim”

12 After the viewing, but still on 18 September 2010, the first plaintiff
called “Steven Sim” back. “Steven Sim” told him that the owner of 13A Jalan
Berjaya had granted an option to purchase it to a man called Victor Tan at a
price of $3.864m. That was yet another lie. The true owner of 13A Jalan
Berjaya, Lum Whye Hee, was then over 89 years old. She had suffered a serious
stroke in 2006, leaving her bed-ridden and entirely unable to communicate. She
did not intend to sell the property and had not issued an option to purchase
it to anyone, let alone to Victor Tan.

13 “Steven Sim” told the first plaintiff that Victor Tan was keen to sell his
right to purchase 13A Jalan Berjaya under the option because he needed money
to pay his gambling debts. “Steven Sim” urged the plaintiffs to act fast. If
they did not, he told them, Victor Tan might sell his option to somebody else.
Given the price and location, “Steven Sim” told the plaintiffs, the property
was a bargain.

14 After a short negotiation, the first plaintiff and “Steven Sim” agreed that
the plaintiffs would pay Victor Tan $105,200 to buy his right under the
“option” to purchase 13A Jalan Berjaya. This comprised $35,200, being 1% of
the agreed sub-sale price, as option money; and an additional sum of $70,000
as goodwill money to Victor Tan for parting with his right under the “option”.

15 “Steven Sim” told the first plaintiff that the defendant acted for Lum Whye
Hee in selling the property and gave him Susan Chua’s number. The plaintiffs
say that the very mention of a law firm’s name was crucial to them: “With the
involvement of a law firm, [the plaintiffs] felt reassured that the
transaction would be smooth” and that “everything was above board”.[note: 2]
The plaintiffs agreed to “Steven Sim’s” suggestion that he send his assistant
that very evening to see them and to show them the original “option”. “Steven
Sim” gave his assistant’s name as “Lucas Ong”. In fact, “Lucas Ong” was to be
yet another one of Victor Tan’s guises.

The plaintiffs meet Victor Tan, posing as “Lucas Ong”

16 On the evening of 18 September 2010, Victor Tan went to the plaintiff’s
house posing as “Lucas Ong”. The plaintiffs did not suspect anything because
they had never met Victor Tan at all. At that point, they had dealt only with
“Steven Sim”, and even then only over the phone. “Lucas Ong” gave the
plaintiffs “Steven Sim’s” business card. Like the “option”, the business card
was a complete fabrication. It described “Steven Sim” as a sales director with
DTZ, complete with a false Housing Agency Licence number. “Lucas Ong” also
showed the plaintiffs the original “option” dated 16 September 2010. It was
ostensibly granted by “Lum Whye Hee” as vendor to “Victor Tan” as purchaser,
witnessed by a “Lock Sau Lain”.

17 “Lucas Ong” told the plaintiffs that if they went ahead and purchased the
option from Victor Tan, Victor Tan would prepare a letter of nomination and
authority to be issued to the vendor to transfer Victor Tan’s right under the
option to them. The plaintiffs say that they did not want to commit to the
purchase before they could check with the defendant whether it indeed acted
for Lum Whye Hee as the vendor and whether the vendor had indeed granted
Victor Tan an option to purchase the property. So the plaintiffs deferred
their decision on the purchase until 20 September 2010. That was the next
working day, a Monday, when they expected the defendant’s office to be open.

Victor Tan faxes the “option” to the defendant

18 Susan Chua works for the defendant as a conveyancing secretary. She often
works on Saturdays and so believes she was in the office on Saturday, 18
September 2010. Either on 18 September 2010[note: 3] or on 20 September 2010 –
Susan Chua cannot now recall which – the defendant’s receptionist handed her a
faxed copy of the “option.”[note: 4] This was a facsimile of what “Lucas Ong”
had shown the plaintiffs on the evening of 18 September 2010 (see [16] above).

19 At the top of the first page of the fax was Victor Tan’s handwritten note
to Susan Chua:

Attn: Susan Chua

Kindly act on this for

e sale of my pty. Tks!

[illegible signature] h/p: [XXX][note: 5]

Crucially, no title was attached to the name of Lum Whye Hee on the “option”.
It thus gave no indication on its face that Lum Whye Hee is a woman.

20 On 20 September 2010, Susan Chua conducted a title search on 13A Jalan
Berjaya[note: 6] to verify that the owner of that property as named in the
“option” matched the owner that property as registered with the Singapore Land
Authority. The search confirmed that the names matched, both being Lum Whye
Hee. Immediately after confirming this, Susan Chua rang the number set out on
her copy of the “option” in order to speak to Lum Whye Hee.[note: 7] That
number, of course, was Victor Tan’s mobile telephone number. Victor Tan
answered Susan Chua’s call. Not knowing from the “option” or from the title
search that Lum Whye Hee is a woman, Susan Chua asked to speak to “Mr
Lum”.[note: 8] Victor Tan confirmed to Susan Chua – fraudulently – that he was
“Mr Lum”. Susan Chua asked “Mr Lum” to confirm that he had faxed an option to
the defendant and that he wanted the defendant to represent him in selling 13A
Jalan Berjaya.[note: 9] Victor Tan confirmed this. Susan Chua ended the call
by telling “Mr Lum” that the defendant would let him know once the option had
been exercised.[note: 10]

The first plaintiff calls the defendant

21 Also on 20 September 2010, the first plaintiff called the defendant at the
number given to him by “Steven Sim” and had the critical conversation with
Susan Chua on which the plaintiffs’ entire claim turns. He recounts this
fateful conversation in his evidence in chief as follows:

45\. Chua asked me for my identity. I told her my name.

46\. Chua then asked me what the reason for my call was. I told Chua that I
was planning to purchase [13A Jalan Berjaya]. I then asked Chua to confirm if
Vision Law acted for the owner of [13A Jalan Berjaya].

47\. Chua confirmed that Vision Law acted for Lum (the "1st
Misrepresentation"). Chua also confirmed that Lum issued the Option to Tan
(the "2nd Misrepresentation").

48\. I told Chua that my wife and I would be purchasing the Option from Tan. I
also told Chua that apart from paying the Option Money to Tan, my wife and I
would also be paying Tan the Goodwill Money.

49\. I specifically asked Chua whether there were any problems with my wife
and me purchasing the Option from Tan.

50\. Chua said that there were no problems with my wife and me purchasing the
Option from Tan. Chua also told me that she did not see any problem with our
paying Tan the Option Money and the Goodwill Money (the "3rd
Misrepresentation").

22 I set out Susan Chua’s account of this crucial telephone conversation and
resolve the differences between the two witnesses’ accounts below at
[50]-[71].

The plaintiffs hand over the money

23 The plaintiffs say that as lay persons, they “trust law firms to verify
matters and ensure that everything is done legally and properly.”[note: 11]
They therefore say they believed Susan Chua’s three representations set out at
[21] above precisely because they came from a law firm. Thus assured, the
first plaintiff then called “Steven Sim” back to confirm that they agreed to
purchase Victor Tan’s rights under his “option” to acquire 13A Jalan Berjaya.
“Steven Sim” told them that he would arrange for “Lucas Ong” to meet them that
evening to conclude the transaction.

24 That evening, the plaintiffs handed over to Victor Tan – who was again
pretending to be “Lucas Ong” – their crossed cheque for $105,200 drawn in his
favour. In exchange, they got Victor Tan’s “option”, his letter of
nomination[note: 12] and “Lucas Ong’s” acknowledgment of receipt.[note: 13]

The plaintiffs seek legal advice

25 At 10.51 pm on 20 September 2010, after meeting Lucas Ong, the second
plaintiff sent an email attaching copies of these documents to a conveyancing
solicitor known to the second plaintiff. That solicitor was a Lee Ping who
practises with WLAW LLC (“WLaw”).[note: 14] The second plaintiff’s email read
as follows:[note: 15]

Please find attached documents duly signed by owner and holder of option to
purchase. I have given my cheque for the 1pct option money to the holder of
the option.

Kindly vet through the documents to ensure that they are in order.

The plaintiffs exercise the “option”

26 The “option” specified that it should be exercised at or before 4.00 pm on
7 October 2010 by signing and returning its acceptance copy to the defendant
together with a cheque for 5% of the sale price less the option money. The
plaintiffs were, however, eager to exercise the “option” and complete the
purchase of 13A Jalan Berjaya early. On 23 September 2010, therefore, the
plaintiffs went to WLaw and saw Lee Ping. There, they signed the acceptance
copy of the “option”. They also gave WLaw a cheque drawn in favour of the
defendant for the sum due upon exercise. WLaw duly forwarded the acceptance
copy and the cheque to the defendant on the same day. WLaw also protected the
plaintiffs’ interest as the ostensible purchasers of 13A Jalan Berjaya by
lodging a caveat against that property.

The defendant’s clockwork-like standard operating procedure

27 The defendant is a specialist conveyancing firm with a clockwork-like
standard operating procedure for handling conveyancing matters. That procedure
calls only for a title search to be undertaken when a new client informs the
defendant that it has issued an option and would like the defendant to
represent that client as the seller. So after Susan Chua did the title search
on 20 September 2010 (see [20] above), nothing further was done.

28 But on 23 September 2010, when the defendant received WLaw’s letter
exercising the “option” and enclosing the plaintiffs’ cheque, the defendant’s
clockwork-like standard procedure swung into full action. A conveyancing
secretary took the decision to accept “Lum Whye Hee” as a client of the firm
in the sale of 13A Jalan Berjaya. She informed the defendant’s administrative
staff, who opened a physical file. Under the defendant’s standard operating
procedure, all of this would have been done without the involvement of any of
the defendant’s solicitors.[note: 16] Before accepting “Lum Whye Hee” as a
client, the defendant did none of the know-your-client identity checks
mandated by Rule 11F of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
Rules.[note: 17] The defendant accepts that if it had done so, and had
insisted on obtaining proof of its putative client’s identity, it would have
realised, at the very least, that Lum Whye Hee is a woman and not a man.[note:
18]

29 Another one of the defendant’s conveyancing secretaries now took the
physical file to the only lawyer in the defendant’s conveyancing practice,
Leong Li Lin, to inform her that the plaintiffs had exercised the
option.[note: 19] This was the first time that any of the defendant’s
solicitors became aware that the defendant represented or intended to
represent “Mr Lum” in selling 13A Jalan Berjaya.[note: 20] I deal with Leong
Li Lin’s evidence and her role in the defendant’s practice in more detail at
[74] below. The file presented to Leong Li Lin contained the original “option”
faxed to Susan Chua, the initial title search which Susan Chua conducted on 20
September 2010 and WLaw’s letter exercising the “option” together with
enclosures. The file contained no warrant to act and no evidence of the
identity of the defendant’s client.[note: 21] Leong Li Lin looked over the
documents and noticed nothing unusual. So she took the usual next steps: she
issued the firm’s standard form letter[note: 22] to “Mr Lum” informing him
that the option had been exercised and ensured that the plaintiffs’ cheque was
deposited into the defendant’s client account to be held as stakeholding money
pending completion. The date fixed for completion was 15 December 2010.

30 Once they had exercised the “option” on 23 September 2010, the plaintiffs
stopped their house hunting. As far as they were concerned, their purchase of
13A Jalan Berjaya was a concluded transaction which was proceeding smoothly to
completion. Indeed, that was also the defendant’s view of the transaction.

The fraud is uncovered

31 The plaintiffs were not Victor Tan’s only victims. Victor Tan perpetrated
the same fraud on two other purchasers. The solicitors representing one of
those other purchasers paid a visit to the property on 8 October 2010. At the
property, they saw the defendant’s now rain-soaked, standard-form letter of 23
September 2010 dangling in the post box.[note: 23] Noting that the letter was
from a law firm, _ie_ the defendant, their suspicions were aroused. They
therefore contacted the defendant and spoke to Leong Li Lin to inform her of
their suspicions.

32 Coincidentally, also on 8 October 2010, WLaw learned that two other parties
claimed to have exercised an option to purchase 13A Jalan Berjaya. WLaw told
the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs were understandably shocked. They tried to
contact “Steven Sim” and “Lucas Ong” but could not do so. They contacted DTZ
for assistance in tracing both men. DTZ later told them that nobody by either
name was associated with DTZ.

33 WLaw conveyed the plaintiff’s concerns to Leong Li Lin in a telephone call
on 8 October 2010. At the same time yet another law firm informed the
defendant that it acted for a purchaser of 13A Jalan Berjaya. Leong Li Lin
tried contacting “Mr Lum” at the telephone number which Victor Tan had written
on the “option”. She could not get a response. Leong Li Lin asked for a fresh
title search. It confirmed the worst: two other purchasers[note: 24] had
lodged caveats against 13A Jalan Berjaya. Leong Li Lin became alarmed. She
escalated the matter to the defendant’s director, Eric Ng. Eric Ng sought the
assistance of Rayney Wong in resolving the issue.[note: 25] Rayney Wong is a
former partner of Eric Ng’s who was then sharing premises with the defendant.

34 On 11 October 2010, the defendant told WLaw that it was no longer able to
contact its client. WLaw responded by writing formally to the defendant on the
same day asking specifically for: (i) confirmation that the option which the
plaintiffs had exercised was the only option granted by the defendant’s
client; (ii) confirmation that all other options which the defendant’s client
appeared to have granted were invalid; (iii) confirmation of the “procedure(s)
[the defendant] had taken to verify [its] client’s identity to ensure that he
is the registered proprietor” of 13A Jalan Berjaya; and (iv) the further steps
that the defendant was or would be taking to contact its client.

35 On 11 October 2010, because it was unable to get instructions from its
client “Mr Lum”, the defendant took the decision that it should discharge
itself from acting for the “owner” of 13A Jalan Berjaya with immediate
effect.[note: 26] Eric Ng took this decision, in consultation with Rayney
Wong. Leong Li Lin was directed to inform the Law Society of the defendant’s
decision. She did so by a letter dated 12 October 2010.[note: 27]

36 This letter was a curious letter for the defendant to have written. It did
not seek permission, ask for guidance or indeed make any other request of the
Law Society.[note: 28] It simply set out the circumstances in which the
defendant found itself and set out what it proposed to do. Leong Li Lin
conceded in cross-examination that she did not know the thinking behind
sending this letter.

37 Leong Li Lin was instructed to inform WLaw that the defendant had decided
to discharge itself. She did so in her letter[note: 29] sent on 12 October
2010 to WLaw in reply to its letter of 11 October 2010 (see [34] above). In
that letter, Leong Li Lin told WLaw that the defendant was unable to provide
the first and second confirmations it sought in its letter of 11 October 2010
because the defendant was unable to contact “Mr Lum Whye Hee”. She did not
address the third and fourth confirmations that WLaw sought. She informed WLaw
that the stakeholding money that the defendant had received would be kept on
month-to-month interest-bearing deposit “pending resolution of the matter”.
She concluded by enclosing a copy of the defendant's curious letter to the Law
Society.

The plaintiffs make a police report

38 On 13 October 2010, the second plaintiff reported Victor Tan’s fraud to the
police. The police investigated the matter. In the course of those
investigations, they showed the second plaintiff a photograph of Victor
Tan.[note: 30] She confirmed that she knew the man in the photograph as “Lucas
Ong”. The police informed the second plaintiff that Victor Tan had left the
country and could not be traced.[note: 31]

The plaintiffs ask for the stakeholding money back

39 On 13 October 2010, WLaw asked the defendant to return the stakeholding
money. On 15 October 2010, the defendant took the position that they would
return the stakeholding money only if ordered by the court to do so.

The real Lum Whye Hee appears on the scene

40 In October 2010, members of the family of Lum Whye Hee, the true owner of
13A Jalan Berjaya, visited the property to collect her mail. They found
various solicitors’ letters (the defendant’s among them) informing “Mr Lum”
that three different options to purchase 13A Jalan Berjaya had been exercised.
But the family knew that the property was not for sale and that Lum Whye Hee
was in no position at all to issue an option to anyone to purchase it. They
instructed solicitors, WongPartnership LLP (“WongP”), who wrote to WLaw[note:
32] to inform it that Lum Whye Hee was an 88 year old lady who had not been
communicating for several years and that she had not granted any option to
anyone to purchase 13A Jalan Berjaya.

41 The plaintiffs then discharged WLaw and engaged Drew & Napier LLC (“D&N”)
to act for them. In answer to follow-up questions in November 2010[note: 33]
from D&N, WongP informed the plaintiffs that neither Lum Whye Hee nor her
family knew Victor Tan or “Lock Sau Lain”, the ostensible witness named in the
“option”. D&N asked WongP whether Lum Whye Hee’s family were nevertheless
prepared to sell 13A Jalan Berjaya to the plaintiffs. WongP told the
plaintiffs on 12 November 2010 that the property was not for sale. Their
correspondence ended there.

The plaintiffs plan their next steps

42 While D&N was corresponding with WongP, it were also corresponding with the
defendant. D&N wrote to the defendant on 27 October 2010 and again on 10
November 2010 seeking information in an attempt to piece together how the
fraud had been perpetrated. The defendant failed to reply to either letter.

43 D&N next wrote to the defendant on 1 April 2011.[note: 34] D&N demanded
repayment of the stakeholding monies _and_ of the $105,200 the plaintiff had
paid to Victor Tan. D&N asserted that the plaintiffs would not have paid that
money to Victor Tan but for Susan Chua’s representation to them that the
defendant acted for the true owner of 13A Jalan Berjaya. This is a significant
letter to which I return at [64] below. On 27 April 2011, the defendant
replied. The defendant agreed to refund the stakeholding money but rejected
the plaintiffs’ claim for payment of $105,200.

44 The defendant refunded the plaintiffs’ stakeholding money on 15 June 2011
by cheque. The plaintiffs did not deposit the cheque for several months, lest
they be taken to have waived their rights against the defendant. In October
2011, they finally deposited the cheque subject to an express reservation of
their rights.

45 Shortly afterwards, on 18 October 2011, the plaintiffs commenced this suit.

The plaintiffs re-enter the property market

46 On 28 December 2011, the plaintiffs exercised an option to purchase an
alternative property at a price of $8m, or $1,346 per square foot. By
coincidence, this property is 13 Jalan Berjaya, right next door to Lum Whye
Hee’s house at 13A Jalan Berjaya. This property was the first one to come on
the market after the plaintiffs resumed house hunting in January 2011. They
had remained out of the housing market until then[note: 35] because, they say,
they needed time to return to a fit state of mind to think about house hunting
again.[note: 36] In the time that elapsed between being defrauded by Victor
Tan in September 2010 and purchasing this alternative property in December
2011, property prices in their desired area leapt. The plaintiffs say that the
defendant caused them to miss the opportunity to purchase either of the only
two properties which came onto the market in that area during that period, in
September and October 2010. Both these properties fit the plaintiffs’
requirements and sold at prices substantially below the $8m they paid for 13
Jalan Berjaya.

The plaintiffs’ claims

47 The plaintiffs now seek compensation from the defendant by way of damages
for fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation or breach of warranty of
authority comprising the following:

(a) The sum of $105,200 which they paid to Victor Tan, then posing as “Lucas
Ong”, to acquire his non-existent right to purchase 13A Jalan Berjaya under
his “option”; and

(b) The sum of $2.046m[note: 37] being the difference in price between what
the plaintiffs actually paid per square foot for 13 Jalan Berjaya in December
2011 and the average price per square foot of suitable properties in their
desired area in September and October 2010.

48 The defendant’s response, in brief, is to deny that Susan Chua made any
actionable misrepresentation to the plaintiffs. Alternatively, insofar as
Susan Chua may have confirmed that the defendant acted for Lum Whye Hee, the
defendant submits that her representation cannot be attributed to it. Finally,
the defendant submits that the plaintiffs’ losses were not caused by the
defendant or, alternatively, are too remote to be recovered.

The issues arising

49 It is common ground that the first plaintiff had a telephone conversation
with Susan Chua on 20 September 2010 in which Susan Chua said certain things
to him. With that in mind, the questions of fact and law which I have to
determine are the following:

(a) What did Susan Chua represent to the first plaintiff on 20 September 2010?

(b) Did Susan Chua make those representations in the course of her employment
with the defendant?

(c) Fraudulent misrepresentation:

(i) Were Susan Chua’s representations false?

(ii) If so, was Susan Chua fraudulent in making those misrepresentations?

(iii) If so, what is the measure of the plaintiffs’ damages?

(d) Negligent misrepresentation:

(i) Did the defendant owe the plaintiffs a duty of care?

(ii) If so, did the defendant breach that duty of care?

(iii) If so, what is the measure of the plaintiffs’ damages?

(e) Breach of warranty of authority

(i) Did Susan Chua warrant that the defendant had Lum Whye Hee’s authority to
act for her in the sale of 13A Jalan Berjaya?

(ii) If so, did the defendant breach that warranty?

(iii) If so, what is the measure of the plaintiffs’ damages?

What did Susan Chua say to the first plaintiff on 20 September 2010

50 As mentioned at [21] above, the plaintiffs’ case is that Susan Chua made
the following three representations to the first plaintiff on 20 September
2010:

(a) That the defendant acted for Lum Whye Hee (the 1st representation);

(b) That Lum Whye Hee had issued the “option” to Victor Tan (the 2nd
representation); and

(c) That there were no problems with the plaintiffs purchasing the “option”
from Victor Tan and paying him $35,200 for the “option” and $70,000 as
goodwill money (the 3rd representation).

51 For the reasons given below, I find that Susan Chua most definitely made
the first representation and most likely made the second representation. But I
find that she did not make the third representation.

Susan Chua’s account of the conversation

52 Susan Chua’s recollection of her conversation with the first plaintiff on
20 September 2010 is not as clear as the first plaintiff’s (see [21] above).
Her poor recollection, she says, is partly because of the lapse of time,
partly because she receives many calls in the course of her work as a
conveyancing secretary, partly because she did not consider the matter to be
an ongoing transaction at the time[note: 38] and partly because the caller was
a third party and not the defendant’s client.[note: 39] She does recall that
she was not expecting the call[note: 40] and that it was a short call.[note:
41] She does not recall whether the caller was a man or a woman. The caller
did not identify himself but it is possible that he initiated the call by
asking her whether she was Susan Chua.[note: 42] She would presumably have
replied yes. The caller then asked whether the defendant was acting for Lum
Whye Hee. She answered “Yes, [I] received a fax copy naming…Vision Law
as…vendor’s lawyers”.[note: 43] Counsel for the plaintiffs suggested to her
that the reason for the caller’s query must have been because the inquirer was
thinking of buying the option from the purchaser. Susan Chua disagreed with
that suggestion. Her evidence was that the question could equally have been
asked by the purchaser himself (or someone on his behalf) to ensure that the
vendor had duly authorised the defendant to accept the exercise of the
option.[note: 44] She could not remember the caller asking any follow-up
questions. She was adamant that the caller did not tell her that he was
thinking of buying the option and that the caller did not ask her whether
there was any problem with doing so.[note: 45]

The first representation

53 Susan Chua’s evidence effectively admits making the first representation.
She accepts that her caller asked her whether the defendant acted for Lum Whye
Hee. She is clear that she replied: “Yes, [I] received a fax copy…naming
Vision Law as…vendor’s lawyers”.[note: 46] The opening “yes” of her answer,
coming as it did in response to a direct and unambiguous question, obviously
addressed that question. It confirmed to the caller that the defendant indeed
acted for Lum Whye Hee.

54 It also makes perfect sense for Susan Chua to have said this to the first
plaintiff. She was simply telling him what she genuinely believed at the time
of the conversation. She had seen the name “Lum Whye Hee” on the copy of the
option faxed to her.[note: 47] She had conducted a title search on the
property which confirmed that the registered owner was “Lum Whye Hee”. She had
spoken to “Mr Lum” who had confirmed “his” handwritten instructions on the
“option”. She noticed nothing unusual in any of this. I accept Susan Chua’s
evidence that it never entered her mind that the “option” could be a
forgery.[note: 48] All this led her genuinely to believe that “Mr Lum”, as a
new client in a new matter, had instructed the defendant to act for “him” in
selling 13A Jalan Berjaya. This was her state of mind when the first plaintiff
called. So when he asked whether the defendant acted for “Lum Whye Hee”, it is
perfectly consistent with these circumstances for Susan Chua to have answered
“Yes” without qualification.

The second representation

55 Susan Chua did not in terms or in effect admit making the second
representation. However, I find it probable that after Susan Chua made her
first representation to the first plaintiff, the first plaintiff moved the
conversation on from the _grantor_ of the option to the _grantee_ of the
“option”, Victor Tan. It seems wholly improbable to me that the first
plaintiff ended his call to Susan Chua upon hearing her first representation.
That would have been an unnaturally and improbably abrupt conversation.
Further, that representation alone would not have addressed the first
plaintiff’s purpose in calling Susan Chua in the first place. His purpose was
not simply to check on the identity of the grantor of the “option” or on the
defendant’s role as the grantor’s solicitors but more importantly to inquire
about the _grantee_ , Victor Tan. It was Victor Tan, and not Lum Whye Hee, who
was to be the counterparty to the transaction which the plaintiffs were
contemplating at that time. I therefore find it likely that the first
plaintiff continued his conversation with Susan Chua by asking her the follow
up question which he testifies that he did.

56 In the course of that continued conversation, I find it likely that Susan
Chua made the second representation. Just like the name of the grantor and the
role of the defendant – the subject-matter of the first representation –
Victor Tan’s name was also set out in the option. When asked about the
grantee, it would have been entirely natural, and therefore probable, for
Susan Chua to confirm to the first plaintiff that Victor Tan was the grantee,
based on what she saw in her copy of the “option” and based on what I find she
genuinely believed at that time.

The third representation

57 I find on the balance of probabilities that the first plaintiff did not ask
the third and final question which he says he asked Susan Chua in this
conversation; and, even if he did, I find that Susan Chua did not answer it by
making the third representation. I make these findings for the following five
reasons.

58 First, the final question is a very wide, open-ended question, posed at a
very high level of generality. It can certainly be answered with a simple yes
or no. But a moment’s analysis shows that a simple yes or no answer is
meaningless to the questioner. The final question does not explain what the
first plaintiff means by the words “any problem”. Is he asking whether there
are any problems with Lum Whye Hee’s title to 13A Jalan Berjaya? Or is he
asking whether the “option” Lum Whye Hee granted to Victor Tan is assignable
in law such that the plaintiffs can take the ultimate conveyance as Victor
Tan’s nominees? Or is he asking whether Lum Whye Hee or Victor Tan lack the
capacity – for example by reason of mental incapacity or insolvency – to
dispose of their proprietary or contractual rights? Or is he asking whether
Lum Whye Hee and Victor Tan are persons who can be trusted? These questions –
and many, many more – are all aspects of the single, broad, final question
which the first plaintiff says he asked of Susan Chua. Nothing in the words of
that question or in the context which the first plaintiff supplied when asking
it – which on his own evidence was limited – indicates which aspect of the
question the first plaintiff wanted answered. In the circumstances, I find it
improbable that the first plaintiff would have asked such a broad question.

59 Second, the nature of the final question and the representation which the
first plaintiff says it elicited is completely different from that of the
earlier questions and the representations they elicited. Those earlier
questions and representations relate to issues of pure fact: the identity of
the vendor, the identity of the vendor’s solicitors and the identity of the
grantee of the “option”. Further, these issues of pure fact are issues which
an inquirer like the first plaintiff would be likely to expect to be within
Susan Chua’s knowledge and within her competence to answer. And they in fact
were. That makes it likely that an inquirer would ask Susan Chua questions
about these issues of fact. That also makes it likely that Susan Chua would
have answered those questions and made the first and second representations.
The third question and representation are completely different. The question
is not one of fact but, in effect, seeks legal advice.[note: 49] Indeed what
it seeks goes beyond legal advice. For the reasons set out at [58] above, the
question is so open-ended that it is in fact seeking legal _and commercial_
advice. The first plaintiff admits that Susan Chua did not identify herself to
him as a lawyer.[note: 50] It appears to me highly improbable that the first
plaintiff, whom I find to be a shrewd individual, would call up a law firm
which he has never dealt with, speak to a person whom he does not know, and
whom he does not know to be a lawyer, and ask that person for legal and
commercial advice.

60 Third, even if the first plaintiff had put that wide, open-ended question
to Susan Chua, I find it highly unlikely that she would have answered a
question of that nature at all, let alone with a simple yes or no. I assessed
Susan Chua’s demeanour in the witness box. Susan Chua is a conveyancing
secretary with an “O”-Level education. In court, she was a diffident and
careful witness. That demeanour, in my view, reflected her true personality
and was not the result of the artificial and inevitably intimidating
environment of the courtroom. She did not speculate on matters outside her
domain. And her domain, without intending any disrespect, is implementing the
defendant’s clockwork-like standard operating procedure for routine
conveyancing. For the reasons set out in [58] and [59] above, I have found it
highly improbable that the first plaintiff asked the question which he says
elicited the third representation. Those same reasons apply equally to make it
highly improbable that a cautious person like Susan Chua – being a non-lawyer
and speaking to a stranger whom I find was not identified to her as a client,
as a prospective client or as a client’s counterparty – would have answered
that stranger’s request for legal and commercial advice with an unequivocal
yes or no.

61 I am of course aware of the risks of relying on demeanour alone to make
critical findings of veracity or mendacity: _Sandz Solutions (Singapore) Pte
Ltd v Strategic Worldwide Assets Ltd_ [2014] SGCA 27 a [42]-[56]. That is why
I do not rely on my assessment of Susan Chua’s demeanour alone to make my
finding that she did not make the third representation as alleged. Instead, I
rely on her demeanour to support the reasonable inferences which I draw and
analyse in these paragraphs based on the undisputed and indisputable facts and
the inherent probabilities.

62 Fourth, if the plaintiffs in fact wanted legal and commercial advice on 20
September 2010, they had throughout that day – and indeed, throughout the
preceding weekend – the means to contact Lee Ping of WLaw, the lawyer whom
they eventually instructed to act for them in purchasing 13A Jalan Berjaya
(see [26] above). The second plaintiff had had direct dealings with Lee Ping
from an earlier conveyancing transaction in which the second plaintiff had
instructed Lee Ping on behalf of the second plaintiff’s mother.[note: 51] The
second plaintiff thus had Lee Ping’s email address and mobile phone number in
hand over the weekend.[note: 52] She could also have called Lee Ping through
WLaw’s switchboard on 20 September 2010. Indeed, one of the very first acts of
the second plaintiff, immediately after the plaintiffs had handed their cheque
for $105,200 over to Victor Tan posing as “Lucas Ong”, was to instruct Lee
Ping at 10.51 pm on 20 September 2010 to look over the documents (see [25]
above). It is highly improbable that the plaintiffs, having Lee Ping’s contact
details in hand on 20 September 2010, and having been shrewd enough to seek
her advice on that very day (albeit not before handing over $105,200 to Victor
Tan) would have preferred to ask Susan Chua on 20 September 2010 for legal and
commercial advice, knowing that the defendant acted for the counterparty (Lum
Whye Hee) of their proposed counterparty (Victor Tan) and not even knowing
whether she was professionally qualified to give that advice.

63 Finally, I find it very telling that the third representation made a very
late entry indeed in the plaintiffs’ case. The plaintiffs’ positive case in
this action, set out in their statement of claim filed on 18 October 2011,
alleged only that the defendant, through Susan Chua, had made the first
representation and no others. The plaintiffs made no reference whatsoever to
the third representation in any correspondence, in any pleading or in any
affidavit until it was introduced for the first time in the plaintiffs’ Reply
filed on 23 November 2011. That was a month after the plaintiffs had pleaded
their positive case in their statement of claim and more than a year after the
third representation was said to have been made. Indeed, the third
representation did not become a part of the plaintiff’s positive case (_ie_
part of their statement of claim as opposed to appearing in their reply) only
when they amended the statement of claim on the first day of trial.

64 Most importantly, D&N did not refer to the third representation in its
letter before action dated 1 April 2011 (see above at [43]). The first
plaintiff accepted that D&N was instructed at the latest by 27 October 2010
and that by 1 April 2011, the plaintiffs had given D&N the full story and the
whole truth about the events of September 2010.[note: 53] D&N’s letter of 1
April 2011 restates the facts leading up to the plaintiffs’ handing over
$105,200 to Victor Tan. In the course of that, the letter recounts the
telephone call between Susan Chua and the first plaintiff as follows:

4\. On 20 September 2010, our clients telephoned your office to verify whether
you acted for Lum. Our clients spoke to your Ms Susan Chua who confirmed with
our clients that your firm acted for Lum (“**the Representation** ”). Upon
receiving the Representation, our clients paid a sum of $105,200 to
Tan….[note: 54]

65 Paragraph 10 of the letter sets out what the plaintiffs say was the
consequence of the Representation:

10\. It is plain that the Representation which you made to our client was
false. Relying on the Representation, our clients signed the … Option and
suffered loss and damage as a result.

66 There are two significant points from these paragraphs. First, they allege
that Susan Chua made only _one_ representation (that the defendant acted for
Lum Whye Hee). Second, it alleges that the plaintiffs relied _only_ on that
one representation when they paid the $105,200 to Victor Tan. The letter makes
no allegation that Susan Chua made the third representation. The third
representation is an afterthought.

67 It is true that this letter does not allege that Susan Chua made the second
representation either: a representation which I have found that Susan Chua
probably made. But from the context in which Susan Chua’s conversation with
the first plaintiff took place – with her speaking with the faxed option in
hand, or at the very least in mind – that second representation is a natural
consequence or extension of the first representation. But as I have explained,
the third representation is of an entirely different nature. It amounts to the
defendant’s employee giving legal and commercial advice to the first plaintiff
that she sees no problem in the plaintiffs adopting the very course which has
now caused them loss. That representation is the very essence of the
plaintiffs’ negligent misrepresentation claim. That was the only cause of
action the plaintiffs relied on until they reformulated their claim during
trial to include by amendment a cause of action for breach of warranty of
authority.

68 As the plaintiffs’ case stands before me, the third representation is the
most important of the three. Thus, the first plaintiff’s evidence in chief
gives pride of place to the third representation. After setting out his
account of the three representations cited in [21] above in his affidavit of
evidence in chief, the first plaintiff concludes as follows:

51 After hearing what Chua said, I felt reassured. I believed what Chua told
me. Chua was a representative of a law firm. Since she had represented to me
that Vision Law was acting for Lum, _and that there would be no problem with
me purchasing the Option from Tan_ , I felt confident that my wife and I could
proceed to purchase the Property. Chua’s representations dispelled any doubts
I had about the veracity of the Option.[note: 55]

[emphasis in italics added]

69 This passage shows that the first plaintiff was relying primarily not on
the first representation, or even on the first and second representations
taken together. It was the _third_ representation which was the crucial
assurance. Indeed, the first plaintiff seems to refer to the first and second
representations merely to set the conversational context for the third
representation.

70 The first plaintiff was cross-examined on this omission. His explanation
was that he told D&N about the second and third representations but left it in
D&N’s discretion to abridge his account of the facts.[note: 56] Even if that
explains the omission in the letter before action, it does not explain its
absence in the correspondence with the defendant which followed 1 April 2011
or in the statement of claim filed on 18 October 2011\. It is one thing to
omit an essential allegation on a single occasion, on the basis that it is not
necessary to mention it on that occasion (_ie_ , in a letter before action).
It is quite another to omit that essential allegation from all subsequent
correspondence and more importantly, from a statement of claim which was
presumably drafted to put the plaintiffs’ best case forward in litigation,
unabridged. If Susan Chua had in fact made the third representation, I find it
inexplicable that it did not feature anywhere in the plaintiff’s case until 23
November 2011.

71 For the reasons given above, I accept the defendant’s submission that the
plaintiffs’ evidence of the third representation is an afterthought which I
should, and do, reject.

Susan Chua made her representations in the course of her employment

72 Having found that the first representation was made, that the second
representation was likely to have been made and that the third representation
was not made, the next question is whether the defendant can, in principle, be
held liable for the consequences of Susan Chua’s two representations. The
plaintiffs argue: (a) that those representations are directly attributable to
the defendant and were therefore in reality its representations; alternatively
(b) that Susan Chua made her representations in the course of her employment
such that the defendant can, in principle, be held vicariously liable for
their consequences.[note: 57]

73 Both of the plaintiffs’ submissions would fail in the usual case involving
the usual law firm and the usual conveyancing (or other) secretary. A
conveyancing secretary’s acts are not ordinarily attributable to the law firm
he works for. He is neither a partner nor a director of the firm and is not
the firm’s controlling mind and will. Further, the scope of a conveyancing
secretary’s employment does not ordinarily encompass dealing with members of
the public on the firm’s professional work. A conveyancing secretary does not
have the legal education or training necessary to give legal advice. Indeed,
because he is not an advocate and solicitor, he is prohibited by law from
doing so. It is not part of his employment to act of his own accord even to
disclose _information_ about the firm’s professional business, whether such
disclosure is to a client, a client’s transactional counterparty or, for even
stronger reasons, to a member of the public. But, as I will show, the
defendant is not the usual law firm and its conveyancing secretaries are not
the usual conveyancing secretaries. I say this for four reasons: (a) the
defendant’s conveyancing secretaries develop business for the defendant; (b)
they are – and are intended to be – the first point of contact for property
brokers and potential clients; (c) they work without the supervision of
solicitors; and (d) they communicate with members of the public on the
defendant’s professional work.

The defendant’s conveyancing secretaries develop business

74 The defendant’s Toa Payoh branch, where Susan Chua works, specialises in
conveyancing.[note: 58] Leong Li Lin is a conveyancer and, as I have mentioned
above (see [29]), was the sole solicitor in the defendant’s conveyancing
practice. The defendant employed her as a legal assistant from September 2009
to February 2011.[note: 59] Like Susan Chua, Leong Li Lin was merely an
employee of the defendant. She had no role in the defendant’s management and
was never one of its directors.[note: 60] The role which the defendant’s
management assigned to Leong Li Lin was not the usual role of a solicitor. The
usual role of a solicitor is to develop business, to execute the firm’s
professional work and to supervise others in the defendant (whether lawyers or
otherwise) in executing the firm’s professional work. As Leong Li Lin
explained in evidence, the defendant’s clockwork-like system assigns virtually
all of that work to its conveyancing secretaries.

75 All of the defendant’s conveyancing secretaries, including Susan Chua, are
concurrently designated as its business development managers. The defendant
issues them business cards.[note: 61] Susan Chua’s business card explicitly
mentions her role in developing business for the defendant.[note: 62] In
performing her business development role, Susan Chua attends property brokers’
conferences and seminars and distributes her business cards to other
attendees[note: 63] with a view to attracting business for the defendant.

The defendant’s conveyancing secretaries are the first point of contact for
brokers

76 The plaintiffs put in evidence a printed copy of the defendant’s internet
brochure (Exhibits P1 to P4) as it stood at the time of trial. The brochure is
intended to attract business, or at the very least to attract inquiries with a
view to attracting business. The brochure is hosted on the website of PropNex,
a property broker.[note: 64] The brochure carries a banner heading which reads
as follows:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

77 Under that banner heading are three subheadings. Arranged under the
subheadings are the photographs, names, mobile phone numbers and email
addresses of twelve individuals. The first subheading reads “For Enquiries,
please contact”. Under that subheading appear two individuals: an Agnes Tan
and a Lilian Tan. Agnes Tan is identified both as a “Paralegal” and as a
“Business Development Manager”. Lilian Tan is identified simply as a “Business
Development Manager”. Neither of them is a lawyer. The second of the three
subheadings reads “Private Properties Department”. Under that subheading
appear the photographs of four individuals. The final subheading reads “HDB
Properties Department”. Susan Chua’s photograph and details are the first to
appear under this subheading.

78 None of the individuals who appear in this brochure – leaving aside Agnes
Tan and Lilian Tan – carry any designation at all. This includes Susan Chua.
It is true that the brochure does not _positively_ designate any of the
remaining ten individuals as a lawyer. But it equally gives no indication that
any of these ten individuals is _not_ a lawyer. In that sense, the brochure is
ambiguous. Someone with the background knowledge that I have gained from the
evidence before me will be able to resolve the ambiguity and draw the
inference that the ten undesignated individuals are not solicitors. But an
ordinary reader of the brochure, not knowing what I know, might well not be
able to resolve the ambiguity.

79 The critical point about the brochure, though, is not how these individuals
are or are not designated. The critical point is that it shows clearly that
part of the defendant’s business model is to invite the public – or at least a
section of the public – who wish to refer conveyancing matters to the
defendant to communicate directly and in the first instance with the
defendant’s conveyancing _secretaries_ rather than with a conveyancing
_solicitor_. And the defendant’s conveyancing secretaries took on this role:
Leong Li Lin confirmed in evidence that some of them were more successful at
developing business for the defendant than others (see the quotation from the
evidence at [82] below).[note: 65]

The defendant’s conveyancing secretaries are the first point of contact for
potential clients

80 One of the defendant’s witnesses was Sega Param. He was a director of the
defendant at the time of trial. He was not a director of the defendant when
the critical events in this action took place in 2010 and 2011. I have more to
say about the significance of this point at [92] below. Sega Param gave
evidence that the defendant’s internet brochure was designed for and directed
at property brokers.[note: 66] But it was not suggested that access to the
brochure was restricted to PropNex brokers or even to property brokers
generally. Indeed the plaintiffs had no difficulty gaining access to it at the
time of trial in order to put it in evidence.

81 More importantly, Leong Li Lin confirmed in cross-examination that the
defendant’s business model contemplates not just brokers but also potential
_clients_ communicating directly with its conveyancing secretaries:[note: 67]

QRight. Now I have to ask you a little bit about the work flow in Vision Law
in 2010 in the conveyancing department. Who would give instructions Susan Chua
on her work?

…

AManagement.

QCan you be more specific? Are you---are you referring to some individuals?

AOkay, because the system at Vision Law is set in place such that the whole
thing runs like a clockwork. Whenever files come in, there would be---they
will contact a secretary, and…sometimes they’ll contact a particular secretary
like---

Court: Sorry, Ms Leong …what do you mean when you say “when a file comes in”?

Witness: Okay, when a new matter comes in, let’s say there’s an enquiry, be it
by a potential client or agent, they would call one of the secretaries in the
firm.

…

Court: …You said whenever a---when a new matter comes in, say, an enquiry by a
potential client or an agent, [“]they[”] will call. Who---who is “they”?

Witness: The potential client…or the agent will call.

Court: Yes. Will call [whom]?

Witness: The---a secretary in the firm.

…

QSo the first point of contact for potential clients are these secretaries?

AThat is right.

The defendant’s conveyancing secretaries work unsupervised by a solicitor

82 The defendant’s conveyancing secretaries not only develop the defendant’s
professional business, it is they who initiate the file-opening procedure,
thereby accepting a person as the client of the defendant, and who handle the
file thereafter:[note: 68]

Q… And the system was such that clients and potential clients contacted these
nine conveyancing secretaries. And then, those conveyancing secretaries would
hand the matter over to you to handle. Did I describe it correctly?

AOkay. Usually, they would contact---certain secretaries are a little bit more
active in receiving such calls while some secretaries don’t get these calls at
all. So the clients will call those secretaries or the agents would call them,
giving---as---assigning the work to the firm; and with that, usually the
secretary would first pass the file to the admin lady who does the file
opening and then after that, if there are no matters---not---there’s nothing
involved at that point, thus, the secretary would take the file back. She may
or may not give it to me right away.

83 Second, the defendant’s conveyancing secretaries carry out the defendant’s
professional work, and do so without the supervision of a solicitor:[note: 69]

Q During that period, did Susan Chua report to you?

A No. Er, wait, sorry, what I’m trying to say is I was the solicitor in charge
of conveyancing at Vision Law. She doesn’t report to me as in when---when
management issues are concerned, it’s just like for the files if there are
issues, yah.

Q How many solicitors were there in the conveyancing department of Vision Law
in 2010?

A Just one, myself.

Q And Susan Chua---my understanding of your answer is that she does not report
to you where management issues are concerned but she may come and see you if
there are issues on her files?

A Yes.

Q And if there are no issues on her files, she would work independently?

A That’s right.

Q In which case, not under the supervision of a solicitor?

A Okay, most experienced conveyancing secretaries actually can run the file on
their own and whatever letters that they prepare is left on our desk for us to
check and verify, and we will sign accordingly.

Q Is it the case that Susan Chua was not supervised in her work by a
solicitor?

A You are saying for all areas or?

Q Yes, all areas.

A Yes.

The defendant’s conveyancing secretaries communicate with members of the
public on the defendant’s professional work

84 Most importantly, Susan Chua confirmed that she is expected to and does
receive calls not only from actual and potential clients in order to develop
business for the defendant or to carry it out, but also from members of the
public who are not actual or potential clients. That includes the
counterparties of the defendant’s clients, after conveyancing transactions are
under way. Thus, Susan Chua acknowledged:[note: 70]

Q… So occasionally you receive such calls and they are from members of the
public?

AAgents.

QIs it only agents? Is that your answer or agents and other members of the
public?

AOccasionally.

QOkay. I know you said “occasionally”. So I want you to give your answer, if
you can, in a complete sentence so that we can write it down and we can move
on. Is your answer that you occasionally receive such queries from agents and
other members of the public?

AYes.

QThank you. Now the reason people would make such enquiries is because they
are interested in the properties concerned. Correct?

AYes.

QAnd they would ring you up because they are told that your firm is involved
in the transaction in some way. True or false?

AYes.

…

Q… But even though your name and business card is given out, the reason people
call you is because they think you---your firm has some involvement with a
particular property they are interested in. Correct?

AYes.

85 Leong Li Lin confirmed this in her evidence:[note: 71]

Q… Do you agree that the public routinely rang up Vision Law to check if
Vision Law acted for sellers of property?

ANot that I know of.

QYou’re saying that the public never rings up Vision Law to check if Vision
Law acts for sellers---

ANo, that’s not what I’m saying. I---what I’m trying to say is I don’t know
how often the public would ring Vision Law to check.

QBut to your knowledge, people do ring up Vision Law to check if Vision Law
acts for sellers.

AI think people do ring any law firm to check if they act for the sellers. Not
just Vision Law alone.

86 Sega Param admitted that it was foreseeable that members of the public
would call Susan Chua, although he tried to draw the sting of that admission
by denying that she had the defendant’s authority to speak for it.[note: 72]

QBy putting Susan Chua’s photograph and phone number---mobile phone number, in
brochures, on the internet and in business cards, Vision Law must be expecting
Susan Chua to speak to the public.

AAh, no, Your Honour.

…

Q ---all right. When Susan Chua speaks to people who ring her up at her
office, she speaks as a representative of Vision Law?

AEr, she, er, Susan Chua was an employee of Vision Law, Your Honour. Ah, not
the agent or representative.

QAs an employee of Vision Law, when she spoke to the public, she had the
authority of Vision Law.

AAh, but, Your Honour, the, er, authority of Vision Law was only to do the
work that the secretary would do, ah, not to give legal advice.

…

Q… Do you expect people like Susan Chua to talk to members of the public
because you put Susan Chua’s mobile phone number on brochures on the internet?

AAh, no, Your Honour.

QIt is foreseeable that by doing so, Susan Chua will receive calls from
members of the public?

AMaybe, Your Honour.

QYes. And it’s foreseeable that the public will call Susan Chua to ask about
matters which Vision Law is involved in?

AYes, Your Honour. I thought it’s possible, Your Honour.

QAnd when Susan Chua takes these calls, she speaks as a representative of
Vision Law.

AEr, Your Honour. Ah, I don’t agree.

87 Sega Param’s final point misses the point. The question at this stage of
the analysis is not whether Susan Chua had the defendant’s _authority_ (as
that term is used in the law of agency) to make the representations she did to
the first plaintiff on 20 September 2010. The question is whether Susan Chua
was acting within the _scope of her employment_ when she did so. Therefore,
the concluding question and answer in the passage I have quoted above from
Sega Param’s cross-examination does not detract from the essential point he
confirmed in the preceding questions and answers. It was foreseeable to the
defendant – because it was intended by the defendant – that members of the
public would communicate with the defendant’s conveyancing secretaries on the
defendant’s professional work.

The defendant’s business model

88 A law firm is undoubtedly a business. It must be run along commercial
lines. Its management has an entirely legitimate interest in ensuring that the
firm generates enough revenue not only to cover its overheads but also to make
a profit for its proprietors. Running a conveyancing practice profitably,
particularly a retail conveyancing practice, poses special difficulties.
Conveyancing is now a commoditised, low-margin practice area. To be
profitable, it must be run at high volume. That in turn requires management to
devise and implement an efficient system which, on any particular matter,
minimises the time spent by a solicitor on it by maximising the time spent by
non-solicitors. So long as management observes the bounds of law and ethics,
all of these responses to commercial pressures are normal and entirely
compatible with the obligation to run a professional practice professionally.
What is not compatible with that obligation is a law firm which responds to
those pressures by adopting a business model which depends on its conveyancing
secretaries both to develop its business and to carry out its business, all
without the supervision of a solicitor. That appears to be what the defendant
in this case has done.

89 On the unusual facts of this case, therefore, I am satisfied that the
defendant intended Susan Chua in the course of her employment, like all of the
defendant’s conveyancing secretaries, to speak to members of the public, _ie_
persons who were not the defendant’s actual or potential clients or their
representatives, about the defendant’s clients’ ongoing transactions. I
therefore find that when Susan Chua made the first and second representations
to the first plaintiff on 20 September 2010, she did so in the course of her
employment by the defendant as a conveyancing secretary.

Defendant chose not to have the directors involved testify

90 I make this last finding based on the clear weight of the evidence of Sega
Param, Leong Li Lin and Susan Chua herself. It is true, however, that Leong Li
Lin and Susan Chua could not speak for the management of the defendant because
neither of them was ever a director of the defendant.

91 Sega Param, as a director of the defendant at the time of trial, was the
witness who came the closest to speaking for the defendant’s management. But
even he was not a director of the defendant in September 2010.[note: 73] His
evidence of the defendant’s business model and working practices as they stood
in September 2010, or even of the actual events of September 2010, was
inadmissible hearsay. By his own admission, it was “derived from
records”[note: 74] and therefore not within his personal knowledge.

92 Sega Param’s evidence on the defendant’s business model and working
practices _after_ he joined it was direct evidence, within his personal
knowledge, and therefore admissible. The directors of the defendant in
September 2010 were Eric Ng Chin Boon, Ong Boon Leng and Stanley Ang.[note:
75] None of them came forward to explain away the unusual features of the
defendant’s business model which I have found on the evidence available to me
and which are identified at [72] to [87] above. Neither did Rayney Wong, who
it appears assisted the defendant in 2010 and 2011 in dealing with the
aftermath of Victor Tan’s fraud and in overseeing how the defendant handled
the plaintiffs’ claim and lawsuit.[note: 76]

93 If the evidence of Leong Li Lin, Susan Chua and Sega Param left any
misapprehension about the defendant’s business model and working practices in
September 2010, it was incumbent on the defendant to bring forward a director
to dispel that misapprehension with direct evidence. The defendant did not do
so.

94 There was therefore no evidence before me from a director who was in office
in September 2010 to suggest that the defendant’s business model and working
practices in September 2010 were any different from the account given by Sega
Param of the position at the time of trial. Likewise, there was no evidence to
suggest that the evidence of Leong Li Lin and Susan Chua on the facts should
be seen in a different light. All of this fortified me in drawing the
conclusions which I did from the evidence of Leong Li Lin, Susan Chua and Sega
Param about the position in September 2010.

Conclusion

95 For all of these reasons, therefore, I find that Susan Chua acted within
the scope of her employment when she spoke to the first plaintiff on 20
September 2010 and when she made the two representations which I have found
she did. Any liability for those representations is therefore properly
attributable to the defendant.

96 This is a crucial threshold finding for the plaintiff’s case. But this
finding does not in itself fix the defendant with liability. The plaintiff
must also establish one of the causes of action on which it relies: (a)
fraudulent misrepresentation; (b) negligent misrepresentation; or (c) breach
of warranty of authority. Before dealing with them in that order, it is useful
to sketch a brief taxonomy of the law of torts so as to situate in context the
three bodies of principles on which the plaintiff relies.

A top-down approach to the law of torts

97 The incremental tradition of the common law has meant that the law of torts
has developed bottom-up over the centuries as specific cases have come up for
determination before specific judges. (Note that I speak here of the law of
torts and not (yet) of the law of negligence.) Although it developed and is
now applied bottom-up – on a case by case basis – the law of torts can
usefully be analysed top-down. That analytical approach offers valuable
conceptual insights. It has been developed with great detail and intellectual
rigour in the various works of Professor Peter Cane, in Professor Robert
Stevens’ _Torts and Rights_ (Oxford University Press, 2009) (“ _Torts and
Rights_ ”) and in Professor Allan Beever’s _Rediscovering the Law of
Negligence_ (Hart Publishing, 2007).

98 Approached top-down, the law of torts emanates from a single moral precept.
That moral precept is the ethic of reciprocity. This precept is universal. It
is found in nearly every culture, religion and ethical system. In the English
language, it is best known as the golden rule. That is the name which the
Christian tradition gives it. The golden rule is a mandatory injunction to do
good: “Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do
ye even so to them”: (Matthew 7:12, King James Version). But while a mandatory
injunction to do good is a valid _moral_ imperative, it is far too wide to be
a valid _legal_ imperative: _Stovin v Wise_ [1996] AC 923 at 943F to 944C per
Lord Hoffman. It covers much more than the minimum ground required to regulate
our behaviour as we interact with each other in everyday life. It also
conflicts with the importance which the common law attaches to personal
autonomy. And its injunction to do good is impossible to enforce.

99 To arrive at a functional and practical _legal_ imperative, the common law
inverts the golden rule into a prohibitory injunction. You must do no harm to
others that you would not want others to do to you: _See Toh Siew Kee v Ho Ah
Lam Ferrocement (Pte) Ltd and others_ [2013] 3 SLR 284 (“ _See Toh Siew Kee_
”) at [22]-[24]. As a moral precept, this is somewhat less aspirational than
the golden rule. So Carl Sagan has dubbed it the silver rule.

100 Because it is the silver rule and not the golden rule which the common law
enforces, the default position at common law is that you are not liable for
failing to do good to another. It is not, therefore, a wrong to fail to confer
a benefit on another or to protect another from harm: _Stovin v Wise_. But
even the silver rule is far broader than necessary to regulate everyday life.
It is a breach of the silver rule for you to hurt my feelings. It is a
separate question entirely whether it should be a legal wrong, entailing legal
liability, for you to do so. That then is the function of the law of torts: to
identify those aspects of the silver rule which are sufficiently fundamental
to everyday life as to constitute an exception to the common law’s default
rule _against_ liability and to offer a remedy for a breach.

101 For each of these aspects, the law of torts establishes a legal duty not
to breach the silver rule. But if you are under a duty to me, then I have a
correlative right against you. That is a right in the truest sense of the
word, because it is a correlative right, the direct reciprocal of a duty. The
law of torts thereby vests implicitly in each of us a set of fundamental
rights, each of which is an aspect of the silver rule and the infringement of
any of which yields a remedy.

102 Although the law of torts vindicates each of these fundamental rights, it
does not create all of them. Some of these fundamental rights arise outside
the law of torts. For example, property rights are created by the law of
property. The law of torts takes rights of property as a given and vindicates
those rights by offering a remedy to their holder for an infringement. But
some of the fundamental rights which the law of torts vests in us by
implication are created in and by the law of torts itself. Thus, when the law
of torts first awarded compensation for personal injuries, it thereby
recognised a fundamental right of bodily safety. By that same process of
implication, the law of torts has vested in us a right to be free of harm to
reputation and to be free of psychiatric harm.

103 This body of fundamental rights develops differently in different
societies, as the law responds to the particular circumstances of that
society. Thus, for example, the English law of torts does not recognise a
fundamental right to be free from economic harm which is inflicted
negligently: _Spartan Steel & Alloys Ltd v Martin & Co (Contractors) Ltd_
[1973] QB 27. Singapore law does: _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence
Science & Technology Agency_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“ _Spandeck_ ”) at [69].

104 This body of fundamental rights also develops over time, within the same
society, as the law responds to changes within that society. Thus, for
example, Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then was) in 2001 granted a remedy to a
plaintiff for deliberate harassment by a defendant: _Malcomson Nicholas Hugh
Bertram and another v Mehta Naresh Kumar_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 379. That was the
first time Singapore’s law of torts had ever acknowledged such a remedy. By so
doing, Lee Seiu Kin JC recognised – in the incremental tradition of the common
law – that changes over time had resulted in new technologies and had turned
Singapore into an urbanised society, all of which made it just that the law of
torts should recognise a duty on each of us not deliberately to harass
another. The scope of that duty and, in particular, whether a breach of that
duty can be vindicated by anything other than injunctive relief, is left to be
worked out on a case by case basis. But by this first step, Singapore’s law of
torts recognised a new fundamental right. The English common law of torts
chose not to recognise the same right: _Hunter v Canary Wharf Ltd_ [1997] AC
655.

105 All of this raises fundamental issues about the province of a common law
judge in the 21st century. Can a judge legitimately add to the list of
fundamental protected rights which the common law of torts has handed down to
us, recognising that that list has been developed bottom-up, and therefore
comes to us largely for historical rather than conceptual reasons? Or should a
judge, acknowledging that he is unelected, confine himself merely to shaping
the contours of the existing set of fundamental rights recognised by the law
of torts and leave law reform to the elected legislature? Lee Seiu Kin JC felt
that the answer to the former question was yes and to the latter no. Choo Han
Teck J more recently expressed the opposite view: _AXA Insurance Singapore Pte
Ltd v Chandran s/o Natesan_ [2013] 4 SLR 545 at [8] and [10].

106 On a top-down analysis, the tort of negligence is a misnomer. When the law
of torts recognises a new fundamental right, it also determines the quality of
the conduct which will trigger liability for an infringement of that right:
whether that right can be infringed without fault, negligently or only
intentionally. Nominate torts are named after – or by reference to – the
fundamental _right_ which the tort vindicates, and not the quality of the
conduct which triggers a remedy. The tort of false imprisonment vindicates a
fundamental right to freedom of movement. The tort of trespass to the person
vindicates a fundamental right to bodily safety. The tort of defamation
vindicates a fundamental right of reputation. Some nominate torts are torts of
strict liability and others require intention. But each of these torts is
named after the fundamental right which it protects.

107 The tort of negligence is the only tort named for the _quality_ of the
defendant’s conduct rather than the _right_ which the tort protects. It could
be said that this is not a misnomer. It could be said that it is indeed an
aspect of the silver rule that you shall not cause harm to another through
negligence because, by the ethic of reciprocity, you would not want to suffer
harm through the negligence of another. The logical result of that view would
be to make negligence in itself a wrong and thereby to elevate freedom from
negligence into a correlative fundamental right. But that is not the law.
There is no general duty to be careful: _Spandeck_ at [29] per Chan CJ;
_Hedley Byrne v Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd_ [1964] AC 465 (“ _Hedley
Byrne_ ”) at 514 per Lord Devlin and 534 per Lord Pearce. There is at common
law no fundamental right to be free of harm caused by negligence. Even within
the tort of negligence, therefore, the common law’s default rule is _against_
liability.

108 The tort of negligence is so named because of the bottom-up way in which
it has developed. That has inevitably led the inquiry in each particular case
to focus on the quality of the defendant’s conduct because it is that conduct
which has caused the harm. But if it is accepted that the law of torts serves
to vindicate a set of fundamental rights, the focus of the inquiry in each
case, and particularly in a novel case, ought to be on whether the law
recognises a fundamental right of the plaintiff which has been infringed.

109 That is a completely different inquiry from focusing on the nature or
quality of the defendant’s conduct or of the plaintiff’s harm. All of the
plaintiffs in the following example suffer economic loss as a result of the
defendant’s conduct. But in each case, the defendant has infringed a different
fundamental right of the plaintiff: (a) a plaintiff drinks the defendant’s
negligently-contaminated ginger beer and becomes ill, incurring medical
expenses and losing wages; (b) the defendant’s negligent driving damages a
plaintiff’s car and the plaintiff incurs the cost of repair; (c) a plaintiff
extends credit in reliance on the defendant’s negligent and false
representation about the debtor’s creditworthiness and is unable to recover
the debt; and (d) a negligently-prepared letter of reference falsely traduces
an ex-employee and leaves him unemployable. Although each plaintiff suffers
the same harm (economic loss) by the same conduct (negligence), each plaintiff
has had a different fundamental right infringed. In sequence, these rights
are: (a) the right to bodily safety; (b) rights of property; (c) the right to
rely on a voluntarily assumed responsibility; and (d) rights of reputation.
Losing sight of the fundamental right in play can lead us to group
fundamentally different cases together or, by the same token, prevent us from
grouping like cases with like.

110 The analytical usefulness of keeping in sight not just the type of harm
caused but also the fundamental right which the plaintiff relies on is
illustrated by the case of _Man Mohan Singh s/o Jothirambal Singh and another
v Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd (now known as QBE Insurance (Singapore)
Pte Ltd) and another and another appeal_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 735. In that case,
both of the plaintiffs’ children were tragically killed in a car accident. The
bereaved plaintiffs mounted a claim against the negligent driver which
included damages for the cost of artificial reproductive techniques undergone
in an attempt to have more children. The Court of Appeal denied their claim on
the classical analytical approach (at [48]). But the Court of Appeal also
relied on the rights-based analytical approach to reject the plaintiffs’
claim. On that approach, the essence of the case depended neither on the
quality of the defendant’s conduct (negligence) nor on the harm suffered
(economic loss). The essence of the plaintiffs’ claim instead was the new duty
which the plaintiffs were asking the Court of Appeal to recognise and the
correlative right which would inevitably accompany it. Thus, Andrew Phang JA
(delivering the judgment of the court) said at [51]:

In essence, in challenging the Judge’s decision to disallow their claim for
the cost of fertility treatment, the appellants are asking this court to
recognise that they have a right at common law to replace their deceased sons
… who were all the children that they had. We do not believe that we can or
should recognise such a right, as a matter of both law and policy, even though
we are deeply sympathetic towards the appellants’ plight.

111 With that background sketched, I first consider the plaintiffs’ claim in
fraudulent misrepresentation or the tort of deceit before going on to consider
the claim in negligent misrepresentation and then the claim for breach of
warranty of authority.

Fraudulent misrepresentation

The meaning of fraud

112 Fraud is the core concept in the tort of deceit. It is this concept which
captures the fundamental right which the tort of deceit vindicates: the right
not to be lied to. The core concept is captured as the last of the five
essential elements for liability in the tort of deceit set out in _Panatron
Pte Ltd v Lee Cheow Lee_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 (“ _Panatron_ ”) at [14]:

… First, there must be a representation of fact made by words or conduct.
Second, the representation must be made with the intention that it should be
acted upon by the plaintiff, or by a class of persons which includes the
plaintiff. Third, it must be proved that the plaintiff…acted upon the false
statement. Fourth, it must be proved that the plaintiff suffered damage by so
doing. Fifth, the representation must be made with knowledge that it is false;
it must be wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any genuine
belief that it is true.

113 The standard exposition on fraud is Lord Herschell’s speech in _Derry v
Peek_ (1889) 14 App Cas 337. Although that exposition is over 125 years old,
the Court of Appeal has endorsed it on many occasions, some very recently:
_Panatron_ at [13]; _Wishing Star v Jurong Town Corp_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 909 (“
_Wishing Star_ ”) at [16]; _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole
executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another_ [2013] 3 SLR
801 (“ _Anna Wee_ ”) at [35].

114 According to Lord Herschell (at 374), a person making a representation is
fraudulent if he makes a false representation with no honest belief in its
truth. Lord Herschell posited three ways in which this can happen: (a) when
that person knows that the misrepresentation is false; (b) when he makes the
misrepresentation without belief in its truth; and (c) when he makes the
misrepresentation recklessly, not caring whether it is true or false. The
first two limbs capture the core concept of fraud. The third limb is in fact
an extension of the core concept, an extension which does not go as far as the
plaintiffs suggest.

115 On the strength of Lord Herschell’s analysis, the plaintiffs submit that
whether Susan Chua had an honest belief in the truth of her statements is a
question of fact to be determined applying an objective test.[note: 77]
Applying that test, the plaintiffs rely on all three of Lord Herschell’s
limbs[note: 78] to argue that Susan Chua’s misrepresentations to the first
plaintiff were indeed fraudulent:

(a) First, the plaintiffs say that Susan Chua knew that her misrepresentations
were false.[note: 79] At the time she made them, the defendant was not in fact
in a solicitor/client relationship with “Lum Whye Hee”. The basis for this
submission is that both Leong Li Lin and Sega Param gave evidence in cross-
examination that, when the defendant acts for a vendor of property, the
defendant accepts the vendor as a client under their standard operating
procedure only when the option is exercised. It is only then that the
defendant runs a conflict check, gets evidence of the client’s identity, gets
the client’s warrant to act and opens a file. None of that had happened at the
time Susan Chua told the first plaintiff on 20 September 2010 that the
defendant acted for Lum Whye Hee.

(b) Alternatively, the plaintiffs submit that Susan Chua made the
misrepresentations without honest belief in their truth. The basis for this
submission is that it is common ground that Susan Chua did not know and had
never met Victor Tan, Lum Whye Hee, or Lock Sau Lain.[note: 80] Despite this,
she did nothing to verify the identity of Lum Whye Hee before she
misrepresented to the first plaintiff that the defendant was acting for “him”
and that the defendant had received a copy of the “option” naming the
defendant as the vendor’s solicitors.[note: 81]

(c) Finally, the plaintiffs submit that Susan Chua was reckless in making
these misrepresentations.[note: 82] The basis for making this submission is
that even though Susan Chua was making material representations to the first
plaintiff, she admitted paying little attention to her call with him and to
what she said to him.

116 The plaintiffs therefore conclude: “Clearly, on 20 September 2010, Vision
Law did not act for Lum. Vision Law also did not have any belief that it acted
for Lum. The [m]isrepresentations were obviously made with the knowledge that
they were false, or without any genuine belief that they were true. And
neither Vision Law nor Chua had any reasonable grounds to believe that Vision
Law acted for Lum.”[note: 83]

117 I cannot accept the plaintiffs’ submissions. The submissions conflate
fraud with negligence. That conflation loses sight of the fundamental right
which the tort of deceit protects: the right not to be _lied_ to. Without a
lie, the right is not infringed. Indeed, without a lie, the tort of deceit is
not even engaged. A lie requires a specific, subjective state of mind. Fraud
must therefore always be determined subjectively, not objectively: did _this_
defendant in _this_ case and in _these_ circumstances have the state of mind
determined by _Derry v Peek_ to constitute fraud. It is of course true that,
absent an admission, a court can only _infer_ the defendant’s state of mind,
and can only do so from the objective facts. It is also true that the court
can infer a defendant’s subjective state of mind by comparing what the
defendant asserts he knew, believed and said with what a hypothetical honest
defendant in the same circumstances would have known, believed and said in the
same circumstances and on the inherent probabilities. But a court cannot, as
the plaintiffs submit, determine fraud by applying an objective test. That
would be impermissibly to equate fraud with negligence. “[N]egligence, however
gross, is not fraud”: _Raiffeisen Zentralbank Osterreich AG v Archer Daniels
Midland Co_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 196 at [43] per Andrew Ang J, approved in _Wishing
Star_ at [17] and _Anna Wee_ at [35].

The representations were not fraudulent under the first limb

118 Susan Chua’s misrepresentations are not fraudulent within Lord Herschell’s
first limb. The plaintiffs’ submission that they _were_ fraudulent gives Susan
Chua’s first representation an unnatural and artificially literal meaning. The
first plaintiff’s first question to Susan Chua, understood properly in its
natural meaning and in context, did not ask whether the defendant was then, on
20 September 2010, in a formal, technical solicitor/client relationship with
“Lum Whye Hee” as a matter of law. Those legal technicalities were not the
purpose of the first plaintiff’s phone call and were ultimately of no interest
to him. Instead, what he wanted to know was not just whether a
solicitor/client relationship had in fact _already_ arisen but also whether
the defendant then had a basis to _expect_ that relationship to arise in the
near future in the natural course of events. This commonly-understood element
of futurity is acknowledged by the statutory definition of “client” in s 2(1)
of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, Rev Ed 2009). That provision defines
“client” as including “any person who, as a principal … retains or employs or
_is about to_ retain or employ … a law corporation….” (emphasis added).
Indeed, in that sense, if one focuses on the issue of whether the defendant
had a client at all, Susan Chua’s first representation was in fact true. It
was false only in the sense that that client, in the extended sense which
acknowledges futurity, was Victor Tan, not Lum Whye Hee.

119 That extended meaning of the first plaintiff’s question is consistent with
his purpose in asking the question. That purpose was to gather information to
assist him in ascertaining whether Victor Tan’s transaction with “Lum Whye
Hee” was a genuine one so that he could assess the risk of his own
_prospective_ transaction with Victor Tan. I find that that is how he intended
his question to be understood when he posed it. I am further satisfied that
that is how Susan Chua understood his question when she answered it. I am also
satisfied that Susan Chua genuinely believed at the time of her conversation
with the first plaintiff that she had spoken to the real Lum Whye Hee and that
“he” would in due course – upon exercise of the “option” – become a client of
the defendant. The plaintiffs’ reliance on Lord Herschell’s first limb
therefore fails.

The representations were not fraudulent under the second limb

120 Susan Chua’s misrepresentations are also not fraudulent under Lord
Herschell’s second limb. The plaintiffs’ case on the second limb rests on the
qualifier “honest” (italicised below) which Lord Herschell inserts before
“belief” twice in his exposition in _Derry v Peek_ (at 374):

To prevent a false statement being fraudulent, there must, I think, always be
an _honest_ belief in its truth. And this probably covers the whole ground,
for one who knowingly alleges that which is false, has obviously no such
_honest_ belief.

[Emphasis added]

121 The qualifier “honest” when applied to a belief is tautologous. A
dishonest belief is not a belief at all. Lord Herschell was aware of that. He
makes clear in his exposition that he inserts this qualifier not as tautology
but for a purpose. His intention is to capture the fraudster who argues that
he is outside Lord Herschell’s second limb because he has arrived at a
struthious belief in the truth of his misrepresentation: by burying his head
ostrich-like in the sand. Thus, Lord Herschell says (at 375):

If I thought that a person making a false statement had shut his eyes to the
facts, or purposely abstained from inquiring into them, I should hold that
honest belief was absent, and that he was just as fraudulent as if he had
knowingly stated that which was false.

122 It is true that Susan Chua did not know any of the individuals named in
the “option” and that she did not conduct any independent identity checks on
“Lum Whye Hee” before making her representations to the first plaintiff. But
there is absolutely no evidence that Susan Chua shut her eyes to the true
identity of the “Mr Lum” to whom she spoke or that she purposely abstained
from making inquiry into his identity. I am therefore satisfied that her
belief in the truth of her misrepresentations was an honest belief, in the
sense Lord Herschell intended that phrase. The plaintiffs’ reliance on Lord
Herschell’s second limb also fails.

The representations were not fraudulent under the third limb

123 Susan Chua’s misrepresentations are also not fraudulent under Lord
Herschell’s third limb. Although Lord Herschell says at 374 that the third
limb is an instance of the second limb, it is in fact an extension of it. He
expresses it separately to make clear that the fraudster who is _conscious_ of
a _risk_ that his statement may be false, but who makes the statement anyway,
does so “without belief in its truth” and is therefore also fraudulent: _Derry
v Peek_ at 371. “Recklessly” in the third limb therefore means “indifference
to the truth, the moral obliquity which consists in a wilful disregard of the
importance of truth” (per Bowen LJ in _Angus v Clifford_ [1891] 2 Ch 449 at
471, cited with approval in _Wishing Star_ at [18] and in _Anna Wee_ at [34]).
This requirement that the defendant be _conscious_ of the risk of falsity is
further evidence that the test for fraud is subjective. The word “careless” in
the third limb does not import any aspect of objectivity or of negligence. It
simply means “without caring”. It does not mean “without taking care”: _Anna
Wee_ at [34] and _Wishing Star_ at [18].

124 Lord Herschell’s coupling of “recklessly” with “careless” in the third
limb is therefore intended to capture a defendant who makes a representation,
conscious of a risk that it may be false, but who is indifferent to that risk.
I am satisfied that Susan Chua on 20 September 2010 was not conscious of any
risk that she had been duped into believing that the “option” had been
genuinely issued by Lum Whye Hee to Victor Tan. I have accepted Susan Chua’s
evidence that it never entered her mind that the “option” could be a
forgery[note: 84] and that she genuinely believed that “Mr Lum” had instructed
the defendant to act for “him” in selling 13A Jalan Berjaya (see [54] above).
Failing to take care before making a representation to that effect is not what
Lord Herschell means by “careless”. Paying little attention to her telephone
call with the first plaintiff on 20 September 2010 is also not what Lord
Herschell means by “reckless”. Neither word is a warrant to introduce aspects
of the law of negligence into the tort of deceit. The plaintiffs’ reliance on
Lord Herschell’s third limb also fails.

Conclusion on fraud

125 The principle overarching Lord Herschell’s three limbs is that fraud
requires either outright dishonesty or recklessness amounting to dishonesty:
_Anna Wee_ at [35]. Recklessness here is subjective recklessness: indifference
to a risk which the defendant is conscious of. It is not indifference to a
risk which would have been obvious to a hypothetical reasonable person. That
is consistent with the fundamental right protected by the tort of deceit: the
right not to be lied to. Susan Chua did not lie to the plaintiffs either in
the strict sense of the word or in Lord Herschell’s extended sense of the
word. The defendant was therefore not fraudulent in any sense of the word.
Fraud ought not to have been alleged against it at all. The most the
plaintiffs can fairly say on the evidence is that the defendant was negligent.
It is that to which I now turn.

Negligent misrepresentation

The role of the duty of care

126 As I have pointed out above, it is the law that negligence does not in
itself result in liability, even when coupled with harm (see [107] above). An
analytical model which focuses on the negligent quality of the defendant’s
conduct therefore requires a control mechanism. On the classic model, that
control mechanism is the duty of care. The purpose of the duty of care is to
distinguish those cases in which a failure to take reasonable care plus harm
results in liability from those cases in which it does not (or ought not).

127 If our analytical model for the tort of negligence were to focus on the
right infringed there would be no need for any control mechanism at all. In
that model, a defendant is liable to a plaintiff if he engages in conduct of
the appropriate standard (faultless, negligent or intentional) which infringes
a protected right of the plaintiff, thereby causing him harm. The scope of the
exception to the law of negligence’s default rule _against_ liability is
controlled by the scope of the protected right. The duty of care disappears
from the analytical model because it is no longer needed to control liability.
This alternative model gives rise not so much to pockets of negligence (see
_Spandeck_ at [42]) as to islands of rights. Policy is still a factor in this
model but plays quite a different role. It is a factor in the value judgment
made as to whether to elevate a particular right into protected status under
the silver rule. (Whether it is the courts or the legislature who should make
that value judgment is a separate question.) Policy ceases to play a role in
validating or nullifying a duty of care, because that entire concept is no
longer required.

128 But as I have acknowledged, the common law develops and applies the law of
negligence bottom-up, not top-down. I therefore turn first to consider the
basis of the plaintiff’s claim that the defendant owed it a duty of care.

The universal test for a duty of care in the law of negligence

129 The plaintiffs rest their case against the defendant in negligence on the
species of liability identified by the House of Lords in _Hedley Byrne_. On
the traditional approach to the law of torts, the plaintiffs’ case stands at
the intersection of two problem areas. It involves words said to have been
spoken carelessly causing loss which is purely economic. In the highly
influential case _Hedley Byrne_ , the House of Lords achieved two notable
results. First, their Lordships abolished the distinction in the law of
negligence between words and acts. Second, they recognised an exception to the
general rule in English law which bars recovery in negligence for pure
economic loss.

130 _Hedley Byrne_ is not of course binding authority in Singapore. The first
step to applying it in Singapore – as the plaintiffs invite me to do –
requires integrating it with Singapore’s universal test for determining when a
duty of care arises in the law of negligence. The Court of Appeal laid down
that test in its seminal decision in _Spandeck_. The test established by
_Spandeck_ is universal precisely because it applies to all harm caused by
negligence, regardless of the type of harm which the defendant negligently
causes to the plaintiff (on our current model) or the fundamental right of the
plaintiff which has been negligently infringed (on the alternative top-down
model).

131 The universal test thus determines whether a defendant owes a duty of care
to a plaintiff to avoid inflicting personal injury, property damage,
psychiatric harm or pure economic loss: _Spandeck_ at [71]; _Ngiam Kong Seng
and another v Lim Chiew Hock_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 674 (_“Ngiam Kong Seng_ ”) at
[48] and [109]. It applies even to determine whether an occupier of land owes
a duty of care to an entrant: _See Toh Siew Kee_ at [76], [130] and [144].
Being universal, the same test applies regardless of whether the defendant’s
negligence consists of acts (negligent certification in _Spandeck_), omissions
(failure to give strategic investment advice in _Deutsche Bank AG v Chang Tse
Wen and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 886 (“ _Deutsche Bank AG_ ”)) or words
(inaccurate borehole logs in _Resource Piling Pte Ltd v Geospecs Pte Ltd_
[2014] 1 SLR 485).

132 The universal test starts with the threshold question of factual
foreseeability and follows that with a two-stage test comprising proximity and
policy considerations. Each criterion of the universal test is to be applied
incrementally, by analogical reference to decided cases. But where there are
no analogous decided cases to assist the court, “recourse to general principle
is not only valid but desirable”: _Spandeck_ at [43], [73] and [82].

133 I first summarise the principles comprising the universal test distilled
from _Spandeck_ and its progeny before analysing _Hedley Byrne_ liability and
seeing how it can be integrated into it.

The threshold question: reasonable foreseeability as a factual question

134 The threshold question in the universal test requires a court to consider
as a factual matter whether the defendant ought reasonably to have foreseen
that his negligence would cause harm to the plaintiff: _Sunny Metal &
Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric (practising under the name and style
of W P Architects_ [2007] 1 SLR 853 (_“Sunny Metal_ ”) at [46] and [55]. The
threshold question casts a wide net and is easily satisfied in most negligence
actions: _Sunny Metal_ at [55]. That is why _Spandeck_ characterises this
issue as a threshold question rather than as a stage of the two-stage legal
test for a duty of care: _Spandeck_ at [115]. It is a preliminary filter and
not a stage in itself. It serves more to filter out the obviously
unsustainable case in which a duty of care cannot possibly arise rather than
to identify the sustainable case in which it does: _Spandeck_ at [76]; _Sunny
Metal_ at [55]. But this threshold question, even though it is not one of the
two stages of the universal test, is nevertheless a necessary part of that
test: _Ngiam Kong Seng_ at [106].

135 To satisfy the threshold question in the typical case, there must be a
finding that a defendant ought reasonably to have foreseen that the plaintiff
could suffer harm, even if the specific _kinds_ of harm which the plaintiff
actually suffers could not have been foreseen: _Spandeck_ at [89].
Exceptionally, where the harm is psychiatric harm, the threshold finding must
be that the defendant ought reasonably to have foreseen that his negligence
could cause the plaintiff _psychiatric_ harm rather than any other kind of
harm: _Ngiam Kong Seng_ at [110]; _Man Mohan Singh_ at [32].

136 Although _Spandeck_ and its progeny make clear that the threshold question
is a factual inquiry and not a normative inquiry (_cf_ the concept of
proximity at [142] below), the threshold question cannot be a _subjective_
factual inquiry which is devoid of all _normative_ content. In other words,
the threshold question cannot be: “Did _this_ defendant in the circumstances
of _this_ case _actually_ foresee that _this_ plaintiff could suffer harm?”.
If this were indeed the threshold question, the universal test would absolve
at its threshold those who are oblivious to risk or incapable of foresight. So
the threshold question must have at least _some_ normative content. But that
normative content cannot be infused by continuing to frame the threshold
question in subjective terms: “ _Ought_ this defendant, in the circumstances
of _this_ case with _his_ personal attitude to risk and _his_ personal
capacity for foresight, to have foreseen that _this_ plaintiff could suffer
harm?”. This formulation too would absolve the defendant who is oblivious to
risk or incapable of foresight. On either formulation, the law of negligence
would fail to uphold minimum objective standards of conduct and to protect
those who suffer harm when those standards are not met and their fundamental
rights are infringed. The threshold question therefore must be: “Ought a
_reasonable_ person, in the circumstances of _this_ case with a _reasonable_
attitude to risk and a _reasonable_ capacity for foresight, to have foreseen
that _a_ plaintiff could suffer harm?”.

137 This approach to the threshold question is not only consistent with the
underlying purposes of the law of negligence but also with the Court of
Appeal’s decision in _Spandeck_. The Court of Appeal sets out its exposition
of the universal test at [73] to [86]. It commences this exposition by holding
that “factual foreseeability” is inadequate as a legal control mechanism
because “all that it means is that a defendant ought to have known that the
claimant would suffer damage from his (the defendant’s) carelessness”:
_Spandeck_ at [75]. This question uses the modal verb “ought” and is therefore
a normative question. It is this question framed in this way which the Court
of Appeal then says at [76] is nevertheless “a necessary element in any claim
in negligence” but as a “threshold question to be fulfilled, failing which the
claim does not even take off.” Further, when the Court of Appeal resolves the
threshold question on the facts of _Spandeck_ (at [89]), it frames its
conclusion in normative terms and without inquiry into the defendant’s
subjective state of mind. Thus, the finding on this point is that the
plaintiff’s loss “ _must have been_ foreseeable” to the defendant (emphasis
added) rather than a finding that it was in fact foreseen.

138 This normative and objective approach is also consistent with Court of
Appeal decisions following _Spandeck_. These decisions interpret, apply and
determine the threshold question divorced both from the defendant’s actual
foresight and his personal characteristics. Thus, in _Ngiam Kong Seng_ , a
case of psychiatric harm, the threshold question was not satisfied because the
Court of Appeal held that it cannot be said that a person who communicates
distressing information carelessly ought to foresee that that communication
could in itself cause psychiatric harm (at [132]). Similarly, in _Man Mohan
Singh_ , a case of pure economic loss (albeit arising from a profoundly tragic
double bereavement), the Court of Appeal held that it cannot be said that a
motorist who drives negligently ought reasonably to foresee that his
negligence could kill all the children of a particular family: _Man Mohan
Singh_ at [48].

139 _Deutsche Bank AG_ is one case in which it could be said that the Court of
Appeal determined the threshold question subjectively and descriptively, with
no normative component. That is not, in my respectful view, the correct
reading of that case. The alleged negligence in that case was a total
_failure_ to provide investment advice. The Court of Appeal was therefore
considering liability for an _omission_ : _Deutsche Bank AG_ at [19]. It was
in that context that the Court of Appeal considered the threshold question (at
[31(d)]). The Court of Appeal’s subjective and descriptive analysis of the
threshold question in that case was therefore directed to the question whether
the defendant had any duty to act at all. Having determined on the facts that
it had no duty to act (at [31(c)], the Court of Appeal nevertheless assumed
that the threshold question was satisfied (at [35]) and went on _obiter_ to
apply the universal test.

140 Finally, a normative and an objective approach to the threshold question
is consistent with the Court of Appeal’s decision in _See Toh Siew Kee_. VK
Rajah JA, delivering the principal judgment of the Court of Appeal in that
case, held that the law of negligence subsumes the body of common law rules in
Singapore dealing with occupiers’ liability. He then went on to map the _prima
facie_ duty of care arising under the universal test to the law of occupiers’
liability: at [76]. The _prima facie_ duty of care, of course, comprises both
the threshold question of reasonable foreseeability and the first stage of
proximity. Sundaresh Menon CJ and Chao Hick Tin JA delivered judgments
concurring with VK Rajah JA in all material respects save for how the first
stage of the universal test – proximity – should be mapped to the law of
occupiers’ liability. VK Rajah JA took the view that that mapping could be
done _a priori_ and _de jure_. Sundaresh Menon CJ’s view was that it should be
done on a case by case basis. Chao Hick Tin JA’s view was that choosing
between those two approaches should be left for future decision. What is
important for present purposes is that neither Sundaresh Menon CJ nor Chao
Hick Tin JA disagreed with VK Rajah JA’s approach to the _threshold question_.
He held that all occupiers are taken reasonably to foresee that if they do not
take reasonable care to eliminate static or dynamic dangers on their premises,
lawful entrants to those premises will suffer damage: at [77]. Fixing the
answer to the threshold question in this way shows clearly that the threshold
question, although a factual question, is approached normatively and
objectively.

The first stage: proximity

141 The first stage of the universal test is proximity. Proximity is a legal
concept with normative force: _Sunny Metal_ at [46] and [48]. Being a legal
concept, proximity involves a value-judgment by the court about where the
bounds of the law of negligence should be drawn: _Sunny Metal_ at [58];
_Spandeck_ at [79]. The central inquiry in this stage is whether the closeness
and directness of the relationship between the parties ought to give rise to a
duty of care: _Spandeck_ at [77]. Proximity has many aspects including
physical proximity, circumstantial proximity, causal proximity, a voluntary
assumption of responsibility and reliance: _Sutherland Shire Council v Heyman_
(1985) 60 ALR 1 (_“Sutherland Shire_ ”) at 55, approved in _Spandeck_ at [79].

142 The legal concept of proximity equates to a legal or normative finding of
reasonable foreseeability: _Ngiam Kong Seng_ at [104]. There is no need to
address reasonable foreseeability on the facts separately in the proximity
stage of the universal test because it is captured in the threshold element of
the universal test, which is “an integral part of the process of ascertaining
whether there is sufficient (legal) proximity between the plaintiff and the
defendant, albeit on a preliminary (and factual) level” (_Ngiam Kong Seng_ at
[106]).

The second stage: policy

143 The second and final stage of the universal test is policy. The universal
test segregates the proximity inquiry from the policy inquiry to ensure
transparency in duty of care decision-making rather than leaving the
impression that the courts decide duty of care questions based on “unexpressed
motives”: _Spandeck_ at [85]. The reference to policy in the second stage of
the universal test is not the same conception of public policy which is
captured in the maxim _ex turpi causa non oritur actio._ What is involved at
this stage of the universal test is the “differential weighing and balancing
of competing moral claims and broad social welfare goals”: _Spandeck_ at [85].
Thus, at this stage, the court looks at whether there are any broader
community welfare or societal considerations which go beyond the imperative to
do justice between the immediate parties and which militate against a duty of
care which has, _ex hypothesi_ , arisen at the first stage: _Spandeck_ at
[83]; _See Toh Siew Kee_ at [87]-[88].

144 The primary purpose of the policy stage is _negative_ in nature as it
serves to negate a _prima facie_ duty of care: _Animal Concerns Research &
Education Society v Tan Boon Kwee_ [2011] 2 SLR 146 (“ _Animal Concerns_ ”) at
[77]. It is nevertheless legitimate to consider at the second stage whether
there are any reasons of policy to _support_ a finding of a duty of care:
_Animal Concerns_ at [77]; _See Toh Siew Kee_ at [86]; _Deutsche Bank AG_ at
[23]. But policy can never be a basis in itself for a duty of care to arise
under the universal test. Policy is neither necessary nor sufficient for a
duty of care to arise: it must be accompanied by proximity. Proximity is
necessary but is not sufficient for a duty of care to arise: it must be
accompanied by factual foreseeability.

Spandeck is ultimately a framework not a test

145 I have referred to _Spandeck_ as having laid down a universal test for the
existence of a duty of care in the law of negligence. In truth, though, the
universal test operates at a sufficiently high level of abstraction to be more
accurately characterised as a universal _framework_ rather than as a universal
_test_ : _Spandeck_ at [28]. As Sundaresh Menon CJ put it in _See Toh Siew
Kee_ at [130], “the genius of _Spandeck_ is that it presents a flexible
framework that allows the court to assess each case according to the
particular facts that arise, and yet to do so in a consistent manner”. The
flexibility of this framework and the level of abstraction at which it is
pitched are features which enable the universal test to carry both explanatory
force for established duty of care situations as well as normative force for
novel ones. But these very features make it essential to populate both of its
stages with factors operating at a lower level of abstraction before it can be
applied to yield a result on the facts of a particular case.

Voluntary assumption of responsibility and reliance

146 _Spandeck_ identified two factors that populate the proximity stage of the
universal test: the defendant’s voluntary assumption of responsibility towards
the plaintiff and the plaintiff’s reasonable reliance on the defendant. Thus,
it is said, the twin concepts of a voluntary assumption of responsibility and
its mirror image of reasonable reliance in many cases “constitute the best –
and most practical – criteria for establishing whether or not there is
proximity between the claimant and the defendant from a legal standpoint”:
_Sunny Metal_ at [63]. This is particularly true in cases involving pure
economic loss: _Ngiam Kong Seng_ at [100]. But a voluntary assumption of
responsibility is only one of the criteria which can lead to a finding of
proximity: _Sunny Metal_ at [70]. This is so even in a case involving
negligent words or liability for economic loss: _Deutsche Bank AG_ at [36(b)]
and [38]. And a voluntary assumption of responsibility could, depending on the
precise facts of the case at hand, be one of the criteria of proximity even in
a case of psychiatric harm: _Ngiam Kong Seng_ at [100]. It is the concept of
proximity which is universal in our law of negligence, not the criteria by
which proximity is established in any particular case or in any particular
class of cases: _Ngiam Kong Seng_ at [123].

147 The concept of a legal duty resting on a voluntary assumption of
responsibility traces its history back to the courts of equity and the
decision in _Nocton v Lord Ashburton_ [1914] AC 932. But it was _Hedley Byrne_
which transplanted this concept from equity into the common law and into the
law of torts. Understanding what is meant by this concept therefore requires a
closer analysis of _Hedley Byrne_.

Hedley Byrne

148 In _Hedley Byrne_ , the House of Lords held that a defendant will be
liable in damages to a plaintiff if the defendant carelessly makes a false
statement to the plaintiff in circumstances where: (i) the defendant has
voluntarily assumed a responsibility to the plaintiff to take reasonable care
that the statement is true, (ii) the plaintiff relies reasonably on that
statement; and (iii) the plaintiff thereby suffers loss.

149 A voluntary assumption of responsibility as conceptualised by _Hedley
Byrne_ is a term of art and not a turn of phrase. It means a contract minus
only consideration. Thus, Lord Reid sees this species of liability as
analogous to “an agreement or undertaking to be careful” which _Hedley Byrne_
permits to yield a remedy in the English law of tort as it does in the Scots
law of contract, where consideration is not an essential element (at 492).
Lord Devlin too says that _Hedley Byrne_ liability arises “where there is an
assumption of responsibility in circumstances in which, but for the absence of
consideration, there would be a contract” (at 529; approved in _Animal
Concerns_ at [63]). Thus, Lord Devlin held, “a promise given without
consideration to perform a service cannot be enforced as a contract by the
promisee; but if the service is in fact performed and done negligently, the
promisee can recover in an action in tort” (at 526). That remedy in tort which
_Hedley Byrne_ makes available for the broken promise makes it “unnecessary
and undesirable to construct an artificial consideration” to move the parties’
relationship into the province of contract simply so as to make a contractual
remedy available (at 528). “[T]he cause of action is better regarded as
arising from default in the performance of a voluntary undertaking independent
of contract” (at 528).

150 This undertaking, analogous to contract, gives rise to the “special
relationship” which _Hedley Byrne_ saw as a necessary condition for liability.
The similarities between _Hedley Byrne_ liability and contract run deep. Four
of them are significant.

151 First, just like a contract, the assumption of responsibility is voluntary
in the sense that it springs from consent. “It is a responsibility that is
voluntarily accepted or undertaken” (per Lord Devlin at 529). Thus the word
“voluntary” is used not only in the sense which signifies the absence of
consideration (as in the maxim that ‘equity will not assist a volunteer’) but
also to indicate that the assumption of responsibility to take care is
conscious and volitional: _Smith v Eric S Bush_ [1990] 1 AC 831 (“ _Smith v
Bush_ ”) at 870C, per Lord Jauncey.

152 Second, just like a contract, the assumption of responsibility need not be
express but can be implied. Thus, Lord Devlin says that it is not “possible to
formulate with exactitude all the conditions under which the law will in a
specific case imply a voluntary undertaking any more than it is possible to
formulate those in which the law will imply a contract” (at 530). A voluntary
assumption of responsibility will readily be implied from certain categories
of relationships between the parties, like a solicitor/client or
customer/banker relationship. Where the parties are not in a relationship of
that nature, “Responsibility can attach only to the single [negligent] act…
and only if the doing of that act implied a voluntary undertaking to assume
responsibility” (per Lord Devlin at 529; cited with approval in _Go Dante Yap
v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG_ [2011] 4 SLR 559 at [32]).

153 Third, just like a contract, the defendant’s conscious and volitional
assumption of responsibility to be careful can be inferred from the special
circumstances of the case. Thus, Lord Reid finds it persuasive to contrast a
response to “a ‘mere inquiry’ with a case where there are special
circumstances from which an undertaking to be careful can be inferred” (at
492).

154 Fourth, just like a contract, where the assumption of responsibility is
not express, the court applies an objective test to determine whether an
assumption of responsibility is implied or can be inferred from the parties’
outward manifestations of their intent rather than their subjective intent:
_Caparo Industries plc v Dickman_ [1990] 2 AC 605 (_“Caparo_ ”) at 637 per
Lord Oliver; _Henderson v Merrett Syndicates Ltd_ [1995] 2 AC 145 at 181 per
Lord Goff; _Williams v Natural Life Health Foods Ltd_ [1998] 1 WLR 830 at 835
per Lord Steyn.

155 A voluntary assumption of responsibility as conceived in _Hedley Byrne_
can thus be express or implied, or can be inferred from the special
circumstances. But springing as it must from the defendant’s volition, it
_cannot_ be imposed by the law or imputed by the court. As Lord Devlin says,
it is not “a responsibility imposed by law upon certain types of persons or in
certain sorts of situations”. Lord Goff’s remark to the contrary in _White v
Jones_ [1995] 2 AC 207 does not reflect the weight of authority.

156 The proto-contractual nature of _Hedley Byrne_ liability is the only way
to explain two of its features which are unique in the law of negligence and
which are otherwise inexplicable. The most significant feature – and the one
which was decisive in _Hedley Byrne_ itself – is that a defendant is able to
escape this type of liability altogether by making its performance of its
promise to take care subject to a unilateral and suitably-worded disclaimer.
That would be a startling result in any other branch of the law of negligence.
It would be absurd to suggest that a motorist can escape liability for
negligent driving by displaying a prominent notice on top of his car
disclaiming all liability for damage suffered by those with whom he collides:
_Harris v Wyre Forest District Council_ [1988] QB 835 (“ _Wyre Forest District
Council_ ”) at 853 per Kerr LJ. That is so even if the victim of the
motorist’s negligence actually read and understood the disclaimer before the
collision. Second, _Hedley Byrne_ liability does not arise if the negligent
misrepresentation is made in a casual or perfunctory conversation (_Hedley
Byrne_ at 495), on a social or informal occasion (at 482) or without
deliberation (at 539). In other branches of the law of negligence, all of
these factors would be _prima facie_ evidence of a lack of care rather than
factors negating liability.

157 Both of these features are easily explained by the rights-based approach
to the law of torts. The true and lasting significance of _Hedley Byrne_ is to
recognise that breaking a promise to take care in doing an act is, if the act
is actually performed and is reasonably relied upon, an aspect of the silver
rule. That is so whether that promise is made by words or conduct and whether
the promise is express or implied or can be inferred from the special
circumstances. Through _Hedley Byrne_ liability, the law of negligence
vindicates the promisee’s interest in that promise to take care by imposing
legal liability on the promisor for breaking it, even if the promise is
unsupported by consideration and therefore does not amount to a contract.

158 This result is derived by working backwards from the _Hedley Byrne_ duty
to see what correlative right vested in the plaintiff it necessarily implies.
The key feature here is that the assumption of responsibility necessary for
this species of liability has been framed from the outset in _Hedley Byrne_ by
analogy with contract. Once that is appreciated, it becomes clear that the
right which _Hedley Byrne_ liability protects is the same right that the law
of contract protects: a plaintiff’s interest in a promise to him being kept.
The key difference is that _Hedley Byrne_ liability protects the plaintiff’s
interest only in a promise by the defendant _to take care_ in the doing of an
act, not the promise to do the act in itself. That has at least two
consequences. First, the defendant has no liability if the act is not done at
all. The defendant is liable if, and only if, the act is performed and is
performed without reasonable care (per Lord Devlin at 526). Second, the law
offers a remedy only for the actual _loss_ which is caused by the negligent
performance of the promise. There is no remedy for expectations engendered by
the promise which are defeated by its breach.

159 Once it is grasped that the promise to take care is the very root of this
type of liability, the two unique features of _Hedley Byrne_ liability resolve
themselves quite easily. They can be explained readily on the basis that they
go to the _promise_ to take care and prevent any assumption of responsibility
from arising in the first place (_Smith v Bush_ at 848D per Lord Templeman; at
856H per Lord Griffiths; and at 873G per Lord Jauncey). Thus, the defendant’s
unilateral disclaimer is effective because it prevents a promise to take care
from arising at all. It shows that the defendant never intended to assume a
responsibility to take care. The disclaimer does not operate as a defence: by
qualifying or nullifying a promise to take care after it has been made. So
too, a casual response to a “mere inquiry” or a perfunctory response on a
social occasion are all examples of circumstances which will typically operate
to negate any express or implied promise to take care or which militate
against inferring a promise to take care.

160 These fundamental differences between _Hedley Byrne_ liability and other
liability for negligence cannot be explained on any other basis. They cannot
be explained on the basis that _Hedley Byrne_ deals with careless words. The
House of Lords supported its decision in _Hedley Byrne_ by relying on cases
where loss was caused by conduct as well as cases where it was caused by
words. Indeed, one of the necessary results of _Hedley Byrne_ was to eliminate
the distinction between liability for careless words and liability for
careless conduct. And _Hedley Byrne_ liability extends to the negligent
performance of a service, whether by careless words or conduct: _Henderson v
Merrett Syndicates Ltd_ [1995] 2 AC 145. Finally, both _Spandeck_ and the
English Court of Appeal case on which it relies heavily, _Pacific Associates
Inc v Baxter_ [1990] 1 QB 993, are cases applying _Hedley Byrne_ principles to
negligent conduct (certification) rather than to negligent words.

161 These fundamental differences cannot also be explained on the basis (as
Kerr LJ attempted to do in _Wyre Forest District Council_) that a disclaimer
is ineffective for a well-established duty of care, like a motorist’s, whereas
it is effective for a novel duty of care, such as the _Hedley Byrne_ duty. The
motorist’s duty of care was a novel duty at one time. Yet it has never
possessed these features. _Hedley Byrne_ liability is over 50 years old and is
by now well-established. Yet it continues to possess these features.

162 On this rights-based view of _Hedley Byrne_ liability, the importance of
reliance recedes from the liability question. It remains the case that
reliance will often be present on the facts, simply because that is what a
promisor’s promise to take care naturally engenders in a promisee. And
reliance remains essential for liability as the necessary causative link
between the promise and the loss. But reliance is no longer essential to
trigger _prima facie_ liability. That trigger is the promise to take care.
However, on a loss-based approach –reliance remains an essential requirement
of the duty question. That is a particularly important requirement in English
law because _Hedley Byrne_ is the primary exception to the rule there which
bars recovery for pure economic loss.

Integrating Hedley Byrne liability with the universal test

163 It is not easy to integrate the test for a _Hedley Byrne_ duty of care
with our universal test for a duty of care. I say this for four reasons.
First, _Hedley Byrne_ establishes a voluntary assumption of responsibility
coupled with reliance as the sole indicia of a _Hedley Byrne_ duty of care.
What role then do the three components of the universal test – factual
foreseeability, proximity and policy – play in establishing a duty of care in
these cases? Second, if a voluntary assumption of responsibility is to be
integrated into the universal test as a proximity factor of general
application in the first stage, what is its content? Third, given that a
voluntary assumption of responsibility coupled with reliance are sufficient
_in themselves_ to give rise to a _Hedley Byrne_ duty of care, where does that
leave other proximity factors which are universally recognised as being
legitimate in other areas of the tort of negligence? Examples are those
identified by Deane J in _Sutherland Shire_ (see [141] above). Finally, given
that the purpose of _Hedley Byrne_ liability in English law is to define the
principal exception to their general rule barring recovery in negligence for
pure economic loss, and given that Singapore has no such general rule, in what
class of cases in Singapore should a voluntary assumption of responsibility be
a necessary (or even a relevant) proximity factor?

How does Hedley Byrne map to the universal test?

164 I can deal easily with the first question. _Hedley Byrne_ preceded the
more granular approach to duty of care taken in English law in both _Anns v
Merton London Borough Council_ [1978] AC 728 and _Caparo_ and our synthesis in
_Spandeck_. _Hedley Byrne_ can now easily be mapped to the more granular
universal test. The threshold question is satisfied because factual
foreseeability is inevitable from the mere fact that the defendant has
voluntarily assumed a responsibility to the plaintiff to take care. It is
reasonably foreseeable from that fact alone that harm to the plaintiff will
follow if the defendant fails to take care. Other aspects of reasonable
foreseeability are resolved under the rules of causation and remoteness. At
the first stage of proximity, the _Hedley Byrne_ voluntary assumption of
responsibility becomes a proximity factor. At the second stage, policy remains
a relevant consideration. But the policy considerations in the paradigm
_Hedley Byrne_ case are _a priori_ embedded in the _Hedley Byrne_ duty rule.
So, in cases at the core of _Hedley Byrne_ , the policy analysis will be
truncated or can be dispensed with entirely. But in cases which are at the
fringes of _Hedley Byrne_ liability, or which involve extending it, there may
still need to be a detailed policy analysis at the second stage.

What is the content of a voluntary assumption of responsibility as a proximity
factor?

165 The second question is more problematic. In integrating a voluntary
assumption of responsibility into the universal test as a proximity factor to
be considered at the first stage, it is important not to _impute_ it. That
would amount to framing the inquiry as one into whether a defendant ought to
be _deemed_ to have assumed a responsibility not to cause harm to others by
his negligence, with others relying on him to fulfil that responsibility. That
application of the concept makes it so general as to apply to every case of
negligently-inflicted harm of whatever kind. And applying the concept as
something imputed by law rather than as something which is the product of the
defendant’s conscious will makes the concept conclusory, equivalent to the
entire proximity question and perhaps even the entire duty question. That in
turn deprives the concept of meaning and of utility as an indicator of
proximity. It also deprives the concept of its explanatory force for the
unique features in the _Hedley Byrne_ line of cases (see [156]-[161] above).

166 The question is not whether the defendant accepted (or ought to be held to
accept) legal liability for a failure to take care but whether the defendant
voluntarily (_ie_ consciously and without consideration) assumed a
responsibility to take care in performing a task: _White v Jones_ at 274H per
Lord Browne-Wilkinson. It is because Lord Griffiths interpreted this concept
in the former sense that he rejected it as an unhelpful test for liability in
_Smith v Bush_ (at 862E; see also _Caparo_ at 628F per Lord Roskill and at
637G per Lord Oliver) and fell back on the three-part test in English law
which has since become known as the _Caparo_ test (at 865A).

167 For the concept of a voluntary assumption of responsibility to have any
analytical use as a proximity factor – whether in the three part test or in
the universal test – it must therefore have a less abstract and more fact-
specific meaning. It must ask: did this defendant, expressly or impliedly,
actually assume responsibility to this plaintiff to take care in performing
the task in question such that the defendant’s undertaking to do so would have
amounted to a contract if the plaintiff had given consideration for it? If
not, are there circumstances from which the court can infer that the defendant
did so? The distinction between implication and inference on the one hand and
imputation on the other is a fine one. But that distinction must be observed
if this concept is to have analytical utility for particular cases,
explanatory utility for past cases and normative utility for novel cases.
Worse still, blurring that distinction runs the risk of making the unique
_Hedley Byrne_ defences available to a defendant even though the basis for the
defence no longer applies because the analytical inquiry has shifted from an
actual _voluntary_ assumption of responsibility to an _imputed_ assumption of
responsibility (see [173]-[177] below).

Do other proximity factors play a role in Hedley Byrne liability?

168 The third question is rather more difficult to answer. _Hedley Byrne_
proceeded on the basis that a voluntary assumption of responsibility (as
conceived in that case) coupled with the plaintiff’s reasonable reliance on
the defendant’s undertaking to take care was sufficient to establish the
_Hedley Byrne_ duty of care. Mapped to the universal test, that seems to leave
no room to consider at the same level of generality any other proximity
factors which would ordinarily be taken into account in the first stage. That
said, there can obviously be no objection to using proximity factors to
ascertain if a voluntary assumption of responsibility can be implied or
inferred, if it is not express. Further, once there is a finding that a
defendant has voluntarily assumed responsibility, there can be no objection in
principle to relying on other proximity factors at that the same level of
generality as support for that finding.

169 _Hedley Byrne_ proceeded on the basis that a voluntary assumption of
responsibility coupled with reasonable reliance was not only sufficient but
also _necessary_ for _Hedley Byrne_ duty of care to arise. But English law now
recognises that a _Hedley Byrne_ duty can arise so long as there is a finding
that the parties’ relationship remains akin to contract. In _Smith v Bush_ ,
the House of Lords held that a surveyor who valued a property for a mortgagor,
knowing that the valuation would be passed on to the mortgagee, owed a duty of
care to the mortgagee in preparing that valuation. The surveyor’s express
disclaimer of liability to the mortgagee was ineffective because it failed the
test of reasonableness under the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977. Though
ineffective in law, the disclaimer made it impossible to find as a fact that
the valuer had voluntarily assumed any responsibility to take care as against
the mortgagee.

170 The House of Lords held that the surveyor nevertheless owed a duty of care
to the mortgagee because the surveyor and the mortgagee were in a relationship
akin to contract. The mortgagee paid or contributed to the surveyor’s fees,
thereby making the case “not far removed from that of a direct contract
between the surveyor and the purchaser”: at 859F per Lord Griffiths; see also
at 843H, 846C and 847D per Lord Templeman. This is simply an application of
Lord Devlin’s observation in _Hedley Byrne_ that “It may often be material to
consider whether the adviser is acting purely out of good nature or whether he
is getting his reward in some indirect form.” Thus, in English law, a _Hedley
Byrne_ duty may arise from the circumstances of the case even if a voluntary
assumption of responsibility is absent or negatived, so long as the
relationship remains akin to contract. So too, under our universal test, a
voluntary assumption of responsibility is not necessary for a _Hedley Byrne_
duty of care to arise.

What is the scope of the Hedley Byrne duty in Singapore law?

171 That brings me to the last and most difficult question. I have until now
spoken of _Hedley Byrne_ liability or a _Hedley Byrne_ duty without
considering precisely what that means. In English law, it is clear what that
means. _Hedley Byrne_ defines the principal exception to the general rule in
English law which bars recovery for negligently-inflicted pure economic loss.
That rule/exception relationship is sufficient to distinguish _Hedley Byrne_
liability from all other liability in the English law of negligence.

172 That distinction is neither necessary nor available in Singapore law. We
do not have a general rule which bars recovery for pure economic loss. So
Singapore law cannot use the type of harm to distinguish _Hedley Byrne_
liability from general liability in negligence. A plaintiff in Singapore
seeking damages for negligently-inflicted pure economic loss does not have to
fit his case through a _Hedley Byrne_ exception to win. He can simply invite
the court to apply the universal test. _Spandeck_ could thus have side-stepped
_Hedley Byrne_ entirely and left it to the ordinary application of the
universal test to control liability for pure economic loss. But that is not
what _Spandeck_ did. _Spandeck_ accepts the twin criteria of voluntary
assumption of responsibility and reasonable reliance as the indicia of
proximity in pure economic loss cases, rather than as merely one set of
indicia sufficient for a finding of proximity arising from applying the
universal test in the usual way.

173 The risk which arises from the lack of a dividing line in Singapore law
between _Hedley Byrne_ liability and general liability in negligence is that
that makes it easier for the concept of a voluntary assumption of
responsibility to escape from pure economic loss cases, where it was
developed, and become thought of as a necessary indicia of proximity of
general application. The result would be to distort both liability for pure
economic loss and liability for negligence generally.

174 The phrase “voluntary assumption of responsibility” can be used in two
senses: (i) first, in the proto-contractual sense in _Hedley Byrne_ ,
springing from an outward manifestation of agreement, whether express, implied
or inferred; and (ii) second, in the sense of a legal imputation of
responsibility.

175 A voluntary assumption of responsibility in the first sense cannot be
either a necessary or a sufficient condition for a finding of proximity
_generally_. If it were either, a unilateral disclaimer of liability would
suffice _generally_ to prevent a duty from arising and negligence on a casual
occasion would negate liability. That would mean, for example, that the driver
in the example posited by Kerr LJ (see [156] above) would escape liability. It
is significant that _Spandeck_ and the subsequent Court of Appeal cases which
have interpreted and applied its universal test are all cases of pure economic
loss (with two exceptions). This is also true of _Sunny Metal_ , a decision at
first instance which, although it was reversed in its result on appeal,
heavily influenced the Court of Appeal’s reasoning in the later decision in
_Spandeck_. It is for this reason that these cases use the twin criteria of a
voluntary assumption of responsibility by the defendant and reliance on that
assumption by the plaintiff when analysing the proximity stage of the
universal test. None of these cases establish these twin criteria as necessary
or even sufficient factors to establish proximity in all negligence cases.
Notably, the two exceptions which do not rely on these proximity factors are
both cases not involving pure economic loss: _Ngiam Kong Seng_ (psychiatric
harm) and _See Toh Siew Kee_ (personal injuries).

176 The alternative sense of a voluntary assumption of responsibility is that
it is an assumption imputed by the court. Using assumption of responsibility
in that sense reduces it to a mere shorthand for a decision to impose
liability. Distorting the concept of a voluntary assumption of responsibility
to encompass an _imputed_ assumption of responsibility may perhaps be
understandable in those jurisdictions, like England, where recovery for pure
economic loss is by and large barred unless a case can be made to fit through
the _Hedley Byrne_ exception. Singapore is not such a jurisdiction: we have no
general rule barring recovery for pure economic loss. Distorting that concept
in that way is unnecessary in Singapore and, worse, deprives it of its very
strong explanatory force.

177 Thus, proximity in Singapore law is a much broader inquiry in the general
case than merely a search for a voluntary assumption of responsibility and
reliance. Those two concepts may be _sufficient_ in Singapore law for a
finding of proximity where loss is caused by a promise to take care which is
broken (on the rights-based approach) or involving pure economic loss (on the
loss-based approach). But because Singapore’s law of torts has no general rule
barring recovery in cases of pure economic loss, and because liability for all
negligence in Singapore law is mediated by a single universal test, there is
no reason in Singapore law why these two concepts from _Hedley Byrne_ must be
_necessary_ for a finding of proximity in those cases. And the two _Hedley
Byrne_ concepts, if applied as their Lordships intended them in _Hedley Byrne_
itself, are wholly unsuited for cases outside the field of economic loss (see
[156] above).

178 The question then arises how the proximity stage of the universal test is
to be populated with proximity factors so that the universal test carries both
explanatory value for existing duty situations and has predictive or normative
value in novel duty situations.

The Australian cases

179 Although the law of negligence in Australia has diverged from that in
Singapore and England over the last decade, recent decisions from Australia
nevertheless offer practical guidance on what these other proximity factors
could be. The High Court of Australia (and notably Deane J) championed
proximity as the determinant of a duty of care in the 1980s and 1990s. But
that court has in the last decade moved away from proximity as a general
determinant of a duty of care. The move away from proximity was signalled in
_Perre v Apand_ (1999) 198 CLR 180 and _Sullivan v Moody_ (2001) 207 CLR 562
(“ _Sullivan_ ”). That move took place because it was felt that the concept of
proximity fails to address what more, beyond reasonable foreseeability, is
required for a duty of care to arise. The Australian High Court has also
rejected the _Caparo_ three-part test on the grounds that it runs the risk of
being elevated into dogma and also because the third stage (fair, just and
reasonable) is “capable of being misunderstood as an invitation to formulate
policy rather than to search for principle” (_Sullivan_ at [49]). Instead, the
High Court has advocated a new approach for Australia which takes into account
multiple factors or the salient features of a case. That approach is now
adopted by all Australian courts, state and federal.

180 The Australian “multi-factoral” or “salient features” approach is best
summarised by Allsop P in _Caltex Refineries (Qld) Pty Limited v Stavar_
[2009] NSWCA 258 (“ _Caltex_ ”) at [100] to [106]:

100 … This approach recognises what has been said to be the use of
foreseeability at a higher level of generality and the involvement of
normative considerations of judgment and policy. This approach requires not
only an assessment of foreseeability, but also attention to such
considerations as control, vulnerability, assumption of responsibility and
nearness or proximity.

101 The High Court has rejected its previously enunciated general determinant
of proximity, the two stage approach in _Anns…_ based on reasonably
foreseeability, the expanded three stage approach in _Caparo…_ and any
reformulation of the latter two, such as in Canada in _Cooper v Hobart_ (2001)
206 DLR (4th) 193. …

102 This rejection of any particular formula or methodology or test the
application of which will yield an answer to the question whether there exists
in any given circumstance a duty of care, and if so, its scope or content, has
been accompanied by the identification of an approach to be used to assist in
drawing the conclusion whether in novel circumstances the law imputes a duty
and, if so, in identifying its scope or content. If the circumstances fall
within an accepted category of duty, little or no difficulty arises. If,
however, the posited duty is a novel one, the proper approach is to undertake
a close analysis of the facts bearing on the relationship between the
plaintiff and the putative tortfeasor by references to the “salient features”
or factors affecting the appropriateness of imputing a legal duty to take
reasonable care to avoid harm or injury.

103 These salient features include:

(a) the foreseeability of harm;

(b) the nature of the harm alleged;

(c) the degree and nature of control able to be exercised by the defendant to
avoid harm;

(d) the degree of vulnerability of the plaintiff to harm from the defendant’s
conduct, including the capacity and reasonable expectation of a plaintiff to
take steps to protect itself;

(e) the degree of reliance by the plaintiff upon the defendant;

(f) any assumption of responsibility by the defendant;

(g) the proximity or nearness in a physical, temporal or relational sense of
the plaintiff to the defendant;

(h) the existence or otherwise of a category of relationship between the
defendant and the plaintiff or a person closely connected with the plaintiff;

(i) the nature of the activity undertaken by the defendant;

(j) the nature or the degree of the hazard or danger liable to be caused by
the defendant’s conduct or the activity or substance controlled by the
defendant;

(k) knowledge (either actual or constructive) by the defendant that the
conduct will cause harm to the plaintiff;

(l) any potential indeterminacy of liability;

(m) the nature and consequences of any action that can be taken to avoid the
harm to the plaintiff;

(n) the extent of imposition on the autonomy or freedom of individuals,
including the right to pursue one’s own interests;

(o) the existence of conflicting duties arising from other principles of law
or statute;

(p) consistency with the terms, scope and purpose of any statute relevant to
the existence of a duty; and

(q) the desirability of, and in some circumstances, need for conformance and
coherence in the structure and fabric of the common law.

104 There is no suggestion in the cases that it is compulsory in any given
case to make findings about all of these features. Nor should the list be seen
as exhaustive. Rather, it provides a non-exhaustive universe of considerations
of the kind relevant to the evaluative task of imputation of the duty and the
identification of its scope and content.

105 The task of imputation has been expressed as one not involving policy, but
a search for principle: see especially _Sullivan v Moody_ at 579 [49]. The
assessment of the facts in order to decide whether the law will impute a duty,
and if so its extent, involves an evaluative judgment which includes normative
considerations as to the appropriateness of the imputation of legal
responsibility and the extent of thereof. Some of the salient features require
an attendance to legal considerations within the evaluative judgment.

106 I have described “foreseeability” as a salient feature; it is perhaps
better expressed that the use of salient features operates as a control
measure on foreseeability employed at the level of abstraction earlier
discussed, for example by Glass JA in _Shirt_ as the foundation for the
imputation of duty of care. In a novel area, reasonable foreseeability of harm
is inadequate alone to found a conclusion of duty. Close analysis of the facts
and a consideration of these kinds of factors will assist in a reasoned
evaluative decision whether to impute a duty. Whilst simple formulae such as
“proximity” or “fairness” do not encapsulate the task, they fall within it as
part of the evaluative judgment of the appropriateness of legal imputation of
responsibility.

181 Although the Australian salient features approach is a fundamentally
different approach to duty of care than that taken by our universal test, it
remains the case that “what would now be described [in Australia] as relevant
or salient features, have long been appreciated as elements within the broader
notion of ‘proximity’” (_Caltex_ at [166] per Basten JA). The list of salient
features can therefore be a useful rubric in a jurisdiction such as ours which
continues to rely on proximity, not as a general determinant but as a stage in
a multi-stage test. This is, of course, subject to Allsop P’s express
qualifications. The most important of these qualifications is that this list
is neither mandatory nor exhaustive. Indeed no list of proximity factors can
be exhaustive, not even those identified by Deane J himself: _See Toh Siew
Kee_ at [129].

182 To map Allsop P’s list of salient features to the two stages of the
universal test, I would add the following three further qualifications. The
first is that although Allsop P lists foreseeability as the very first salient
feature, our universal test articulates that as a threshold question. This
difference between the two approaches is more apparent than real. Allsop J’s
qualification in _Caltex_ at [106] (quoted at [180] above) makes clear that
the approach to foreseeability under the salient features approach in fact
closely approximates that under our universal test.

183 The second qualification is that, for the purposes of our universal test,
it is necessary to segregate Allsop P’s salient features into proximity
factors and policy factors to ensure that they are considered at the
appropriate stage of the universal test. Thus, features (l), (n), (o), (p) and
(q) are in truth policy factors because they require a consideration beyond
the facts of the particular case at hand.

184 My final qualification is that the right of the plaintiff which has been
infringed ought to play a significant role in driving the selection of salient
features from this list in a particular duty of care situation, even more than
the type of harm caused or the type of conduct by which that harm was caused.
Both the type of harm and the type of conduct are unsatisfactory bases for an
attempt to group fundamentally like cases together for like treatment. As Lord
Devlin said in _Hedley Byrne_ (at 516):

Originally it was thought that the tort of negligence must be confined
entirely to deeds and could not extend to words. That was supposed to have
been decided by _Derry v. Peek_. I cannot imagine that anyone would now
dispute that if this were the law, the law would be gravely defective. …

A simple distinction between negligence in word and negligence in deed might
leave the law defective but at least it would be intelligible. This is not,
however, the distinction that is drawn in [counsel for the defendant’s]
argument and it is one which would be unworkable. A defendant who is given a
car to overhaul and repair if necessary is liable to the injured driver (a) if
he overhauls it and repairs it negligently and tells the driver it is safe
when it is not; (b) if he overhauls it and negligently finds it not to be in
need of repair and tells the driver it is safe when it is not; and (c) if he
negligently omits to overhaul it at all and tells the driver that it is safe
when it is not. It would be absurd in any of these cases to argue that the
proximate cause of the driver's injury was not what the defendant did or
failed to do but his negligent statement on the faith of which the driver
drove the car and for which he could not recover. In this type of case, where
if there were a contract there would undoubtedly be a duty of service, it is
not practicable to distinguish between the inspection or examination, the acts
done or omitted to be done, and the advice or information given. So neither in
this case nor in _Candler v. Crane, Christmas & Co._ (Denning L.J. noted the
point where he gave the example of the analyst who negligently certifies food
to be harmless) has [counsel for the defendant] argued that, the distinction
lies there.

This is why the distinction is now said to depend on whether financial loss is
caused through physical injury or whether it is caused directly. The
interposition of the physical injury is said to make a difference of
principle. I can find neither logic nor common sense in this. If irrespective
of contract, a doctor negligently advises a patient that he can safely pursue
his occupation and he cannot and the patient's health suffers and he loses his
livelihood, the patient has a remedy. But if the doctor negligently advises
him that he cannot safely pursue his occupation when in fact he can and he
loses his livelihood, there is said to be no remedy. Unless, of course, the
patient was a private patient and the doctor accepted half a guinea for his
trouble: then the patient can recover all. I am bound to say, my Lords, that I
think this to be nonsense. It is not the sort of nonsense that can arise even
in the best system of law out of the need to draw nice distinctions between
borderline cases. It arises, if it is the law, simply out of a refusal to make
sense. The line is not drawn on any intelligible principle. It just happens to
be the line which those who have been driven from the extreme assertion that
negligent statements in the absence of contractual or fiduciary duty give no
cause of action have in the course of their retreat so far reached.

185 Thus, for example, personal injuries and property damage can be caused by
conduct, by omissions or by words. The choice of salient features should not
vary with the type of conduct, or the harm caused but with the fundamental
right being vindicated.

The threshold question: factual foreseeability

186 I now apply the universal test to the facts of the present case.

187 To answer the threshold question, I ask myself the following question:
“Ought a _reasonable_ person in Susan Chua’s position, in the circumstances of
_this_ case with a _reasonable_ attitude to risk and a _reasonable_ capacity
for foresight, have foreseen that persons in the position of the plaintiffs
could call her with queries and could suffer harm if she were careless in
responding to those queries?”. I unhesitatingly answer that question in the
affirmative.

188 I say this for two reasons. First, it was the foreseeable result of having
Susan Chua’s mobile phone number on the defendant’s internet brochure that she
would receive calls not just from clients or brokers but from members of the
public inquiring about matters in which the defendant was acting. Sega
Param,[note: 85] Leong Li Lin[note: 86] and Susan Chua herself[note: 87] all
accepted this. Second, Sega Param also accepted that it was foreseeable that
property brokers would call the defendant’s conveyancing secretaries to ask
general questions about exercising options and even about buying
options.[note: 88] It is true that Susan Chua was assigned to deal with HDB
properties and so it could be said that the defendant ought not reasonably to
have foreseen a member of the public calling her about a private property
option. But it is not suggested that the defendant had a system in place for
her to _refrain_ from dealing with transactions in private properties. Indeed,
she took it upon herself to deal with Victor Tan’s faxed “option” and to
follow up by speaking to “Lum Whye Hee”, rather than referring it to a
colleague whom the defendant had assigned to deal with private property
transactions. And there is every reason to believe, given how the defendant
structured its practice, that even a colleague of Susan Chua’s who dealt only
with private property would have answered the first plaintiff’s questions in
the very same way.

189 I find also that it was reasonably foreseeable to the defendant that a
member of the public who obtained information from Susan Chua about a
conveyancing matter that the defendant was handling would rely on that
information. Given the nature of Susan Chua’s job (processing transactions),
the nature of the defendant’s practice (bulk conveyancing), and the nature of
the likely inquiries that she would field (related to options and their
exercise), it was foreseeable that inquirers would not be inquiring out of
idle interest but with a purpose, and that carelessly-given information could
cause loss to those inquirers. Leong Li Lin accepted this in cross-
examination.[note: 89] Sega Param accepted that the defendant had a duty not
to misrepresent facts even to members of the public.[note: 90] That cannot, of
course, determine the question of whether there is a duty of care in law. That
is a question of law and not one on which an admission can necessarily bind.
But his admission suffices as an admission of factual foreseeability: as an
admission on a factual level that it is reasonably foreseeable that those who
seek information from the defendant intend to rely on that information.

190 It was thus reasonably foreseeable to Susan Chua, and therefore to the
defendant, that members of the public such as the plaintiffs would seek
information from the defendant’s conveyancing secretaries and could suffer
loss if they received inaccurate information. I therefore find the threshold
question satisfied. A reasonable person in Susan Chua’s position, in the
circumstances of this case with a reasonable attitude to risk and a reasonable
capacity for foresight, ought to have foreseen that inquirers could suffer
harm if she were careless in responding to their queries.

The first stage: proximity

191 With the threshold test answered in the affirmative, I now consider (i)
whether there is sufficient proximity between the plaintiff and the defendant
for a duty of care to arise; and (ii) whether, as a matter of policy, it is
fair, just and reasonable for a defendant in the position of this defendant to
owe a duty of care.

192 As I have mentioned above, the plaintiffs rest their claim in negligence
against the defendant on – and only on – _Hedley Byrne_. The test of liability
under _Hedley Byrne_ requires a voluntary assumption of responsibility coupled
with reasonable reliance. To succeed, therefore, the plaintiffs must establish
a voluntary assumption of responsibility in the sense in which that phrase is
used in _Hedley Byrne_ and also that they reasonably relied on that assumption
of responsibility.

No voluntary assumption of responsibility in the Hedley Byrne sense

193 The plaintiffs argue that in the present case, “there was an obvious
assumption of responsibility” by the defendant because Susan Chua was under no
compulsion and “could simply have refused to answer” the first plaintiff’s
question.[note: 91] The plaintiffs also submit that the defendant’s unique
business model – which depended on non-solicitors to develop legal business
and communicate with the public – created an environment under which it
assumed a responsibility to ensure that it did not mislead those to whom it
chose to give information.

194 The plaintiffs’ submissions on assumption of responsibility proceed on the
wrong basis. As I have shown above, a voluntary assumption of responsibility
in the sense it is used in _Hedley Byrne_ is a relationship between the
parties which is a contract in all but consideration. There are no facts
before me which show the defendant expressly assumed a responsibility to the
first plaintiff to take care in answering his questions. I must therefore
consider whether a voluntary assumption of responsibility can properly be
implied or inferred from the facts.

195 The first plaintiff’s query arose in a random and informal call to the
defendant. To Susan Chua, it was the most routine of calls. It was so routine,
in fact, that Susan Chua does not even remember it distinctly. I accept her
evidence on this. To the first plaintiff, it was no doubt a far from routine
call. But neither he nor the circumstances of the call communicated to Susan
Chua the special importance which he alone attached to the call. The first
plaintiff’s evidence is that all he said was “My name is Chu” and that he was
“looking to buy property, 13A Jalan Berjaya.”[note: 92] Crucially, he did not
indicate that he intended to buy an option to buy 13A Jalan Berjaya. He asked
Susan Chua whether the defendant acted for Lum Whye Hee and whether “he” had
given an option to Victor Tan. I have found that the first plaintiff did not
tell Susan Chua of his intended transaction with Victor Tan or ask Susan Chua
the specific question whether there were any problems if he were to buy the
option from Victor Tan. Susan Chua did not know that the plaintiffs had a copy
of the “option”. The first plaintiff admits that he never even gave Susan Chua
his full name. On these facts, I find it impossible to imply a voluntary
assumption of responsibility by the defendant to take care in its responses to
the plaintiff in the sense I have used the concept above: as an implied
contract to take care lacking only consideration.

196 I also do not find it possible on these facts to infer a voluntary
assumption of responsibility to take care. All that Susan Chua did was to
answer a routine, unsolicited telephone call received without forewarning from
a member of the public. Her conversation with the first plaintiff was a casual
or perfunctory conversation (in the words of Lord Morris (see [198] below)).
Susan Chua answered the first plaintiff’s questions without knowing his
connection to the subject of his inquiry (13A Jalan Berjaya) or the overall
purpose of his inquiry (purchase of the option). It would be quite different,
if, for example, the first plaintiff had written formally to the defendant
setting out the transactional background and asking the three questions he
says he asked Susan Chua, or even the two questions I have found he asked
Susan Chua. If Susan Chua or the defendant had then responded to that written
query by a deliberate act, formally in writing and on the firm’s letterhead,
it would be easy to infer a voluntary assumption of responsibility on the
defendant’s part to take care in responding. Those circumstances in themselves
would suggest that the defendant had deliberately applied its mind to the
subject-matter of the plaintiff’s formal inquiry in the course of the
defendant’s business. A voluntary assumption of responsibility would be found
quite easily by inference from those circumstances.

197 Those were, essentially, the circumstances in _Hedley Byrne_. In _Hedley
Byrne_ , the House of Lords was able to find a voluntary assumption of
responsibility on the circumstances of that case. The plaintiff asked its bank
to secure a credit reference from the defendant on the plaintiff’s intended
counterparty. In response, the defendant communicated a carelessly-drawn
reference to the plaintiff’s bank by a formal letter, knowing that the letter
would be passed on to the plaintiff. That letter had all the trappings of
being a deliberate act in the course of the defendants’ business and therefore
an act for which it could reasonably be inferred that they assumed
responsibility. It was further found as a fact that the defendant knew or
ought reasonably to have known from the circumstances that the purpose of the
reference was for the plaintiff to assess the creditworthiness of the subject
of the reference before extending credit to it. Given these facts, it is not
surprising that the House of Lords was able to infer a voluntary assumption of
responsibility.

198 Lord Morris made clear the importance of the circumstances in which the
allegedly careless statement was made (at 495):

… If someone who was _not a customer of a bank_ made a _formal approach_ to
the bank with a _definite request_ that the bank would give him _deliberate
advice as to certain financial matters_ of a nature with which the bank
ordinarily dealt the bank would be under no obligation to accede to the
request: if, however, they undertook, though gratuitously, to give deliberate
advice (_I exclude what I might call casual and perfunctory conversations_)
they would be under a duty to exercise reasonable care in giving it. …
[Emphasis added.]

199 The present case is also quite unlike _Fong Maun Yee and another v Yoong
Weng Ho Robert_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 751 (“ _Fong Maun Yee_ ”). In that case, a
solicitor had a face to face meeting with the plaintiff at the solicitor’s
office. The plaintiff had been brought to the solicitor by a dishonest broker
in connection with a specific (and unknown to the plaintiff and the solicitor,
fraudulent) property transaction. The solicitor knew that it was likely that
the plaintiff would act on the solicitor’s advice or opinion in his dealings
with that property. The Court of Appeal held the solicitor liable to the
plaintiff for the loss he had suffered as a result of entering into the
fraudulent transaction. The primary basis of the solicitor’s liability arose
because the Court of Appeal held that the plaintiff was the solicitor’s client
and therefore owed the plaintiff a contractual duty of care and skill (at
[40]). But on the alternative cause of action in negligent misrepresentation,
the Court of Appeal was undoubtedly right in these circumstances to draw the
inference that the solicitor had voluntarily assumed responsibility towards
the purchaser (at [50]).

200 The present case is also quite unlike the case of _Woollahra Municipal
Council v Sved_ (1996) 40 NSWLR 101 on which the plaintiffs rely
heavily.[note: 93] The plaintiffs in that case recovered compensation from
their municipal council for serious building defects in a house which they had
purchased at auction. The plaintiffs believed, wrongly as it turned out, that
if the council issued a particular building certificate in respect of that
house, it certified that the house had been built according to the plans and
specifications approved by the council and was sound. In telephone
conversations prior to completion, the plaintiffs sought and received
assurances from an employee of the council that only a minor cosmetic issue
was holding up the issuance of that certificate; and later, just before
completion, that the council was about to issue that certificate. The
plaintiffs proceeded to complete their purchase of the house in reliance on
the council’s assurances. There were in fact serious defects in the house
arising from the builders’ failure to follow the approved plans and poor
workmanship. In those circumstances, the trial judge and the New South Wales
Court of Appeal held that the council owed the plaintiffs a duty of care in
giving those assurances. The council was held liable because of the trial
judge’s express findings of fact, upheld on appeal, that: (a) the plaintiffs
unequivocally told the council’s employee in their telephone conversations not
only the nature of their transaction in relation to the house but also that
they intended to rely on the council’s assurances in proceeding to completion;
and (b) that the plaintiffs’ reliance on the information given to them by the
council’s employee was reasonable.

201 The facts of the present case are quite different from both of these
cases. I have found that the first plaintiff did not tell Susan Chua either
the nature of the plaintiffs’ transaction with Victor Tan or the purpose of
his inquiry on 20 September 2010. The plaintiffs submit that Susan Chua was
under no obligation to answer the first plaintiff’s query but because she
chose to do so, she was obliged to take reasonable care in giving her answers.
That is an oversimplification of the law. She undoubtedly had no obligation to
answer the first plaintiff’s queries. But having decided to answer them, she
was bound to take reasonable care in doing so _only if_ , on the facts, she
expressly or impliedly voluntarily assumed responsibility to take care in
making her statements, or if there were circumstances from which such an
assumption can now be inferred. For the reasons I have given above, I find it
impossible to make any of the necessary findings.

Plaintiffs did not reasonably rely on the defendant

202 Even if I am wrong and the defendant voluntarily assumed responsibility to
the plaintiffs in the _Hedley Byrne_ sense, I hold that it was not reasonable
of the plaintiffs to rely on what Susan Chua told the first plaintiff in the
telephone call on 20 September 2010.

203 During that call, the first plaintiff did not ask Susan Chua whether she
was a lawyer.[note: 94] It is true that I have found, on the special features
of the defendant’s practice, that Susan Chua’s statements to the first
plaintiff are attributable to the defendant to the same extent as if she had
been a lawyer rather than a conveyancing secretary. But the first plaintiff
had no knowledge of the special features of the defendant’s practice when he
called and spoke to Susan Chua on 20 September 2010. As far as the first
plaintiff was concerned, he could have been speaking to – and relying upon –
the word of anyone in the defendant’s practice, from the defendant’s managing
partner to the defendant’s messenger. He did not know and had no reason to
believe that he was speaking to a conveyancing secretary or that the scope of
the defendant’s conveyancing secretaries’ employment was far wider than that
of conveyancing secretaries in other law firms. In those circumstances, it was
unreasonable for him to rely on what he was told by a stranger he spoke to
(Susan Chua) at a law firm he had never dealt with (the defendant) both of
whom he had been referred to by another stranger (“Steven Sim”) whom he had
spoken to for the first time just 2 days earlier and whom he had never met.
The plaintiff was running a risk.

204 The first plaintiff sought to neutralise this point by testifying that he
saw himself throughout his conversation as seeking advice from the _defendant_
as a law firm, rather than from his interlocutor _Susan Chua_ personally. I
might be prepared to give the first plaintiff’s evidence more weight if he had
been speaking to a lawyer, or if he had _thought_ that he was speaking to a
lawyer, or if he knew of the defendant’s unique practice structure and the
role of conveyancing secretaries in it. I might, in those circumstances,
accept that the first plaintiff thought Susan Chua was giving him legal advice
on behalf of the defendant. But for all he knew, as I have said above, he
could have been speaking to anyone in the defendant’s organisation. It appears
inherently unlikely to me that the plaintiff, whom I have found to be a shrewd
individual (see [59] above), would have seen himself as seeking legal advice
from the _defendant_ when he was speaking to an unknown interlocutor of
unknown status in the organisation of an unknown law firm.

205 The first plaintiff adds also that he did not see a need to seek this
legal advice from his own lawyers because he saw no difference between seeking
it from the defendant and seeking it from his own lawyers.[note: 95] I find
this also difficult to accept. The first plaintiff, as I have already said, is
a shrewd individual. He accepted that he knew he was seeking legal advice from
his interlocutor.[note: 96] Legal advice, by its very nature, has a subjective
element and often comes with a penumbra of uncertainty. It is tailored to the
needs and circumstances of the person who seeks it. It is tailored to address
the specific risks that the person who seeks it is concerned about or faces. I
do not accept that the first plaintiff could have been unaware on 20 September
2010 of the difference between seeking legal advice from a law firm whose duty
is to him and to him alone and seeking legal advice from the defendant, a law
firm whose duty he believed was owed to Victor Tan’s counterparty (Lum Whye
Hee) in a conveyancing transaction to which the plaintiffs were not even a
party.

Other proximity factors

206 In case I am wrong in taking a narrow view of the concept of a voluntary
assumption of responsibility, or in case I am right that a duty of care not to
cause pure economic loss by negligence in Singapore law (being an
_application_ of the universal test of a duty of care rather than an
_exception_ to it) enables a broader view to be taken of possible proximity
factors than in English law (where _Hedley Byrne_ defines the exception to a
general rule), I examine also other proximity factors.

207 On the orthodox analysis, liability in negligent misrepresentation
vindicates the plaintiffs’ right not to be misled by the defendant’s
negligence. I therefore examine the following four proximity factors: (i)
relational proximity; (ii) knowledge; (iii) vulnerability; and (iv) control.

(1) Relational proximity

208 There was no relational proximity between the plaintiffs and the
defendant. The plaintiffs were not clients or potential clients of the
defendant. The plaintiffs were not persons whom the defendant genuinely
believed to be its clients. The plaintiffs were not even the transactional
counterparty (Victor Tan) of the person whom the defendant believed to be its
client (Lum Whye Hee). The plaintiffs were in fact two degrees removed from
the defendant relationally. They were the counterparties (option purchasers)
of a counterparty (Victor Tan) of a person the defendant believed to be a
client (Lum Whye Hee). That is too tenuous a connection for there to be
relational proximity on the facts of this case.

(2) Knowledge

209 The plaintiffs had far more material knowledge than the defendant. The
plaintiffs knew precisely the nature of their proposed transaction with Victor
Tan. They also knew the precise risk associated with that transaction (that
Lum Whye Hee’s transaction with Victor Tan was defective). It was to address
that very risk that they waited until 20 September 2010 to speak to the
defendant before committing to the transaction. The defendant knew none of
this and could not have known any of it. Other than knowing in an abstract
sense that such an extended transactional chain is possible, the defendant
knew nothing of the plaintiffs’ transaction with Victor Tan or of the risk
that the plaintiffs were seeking to eliminate.

(3) Vulnerability

210 The plaintiffs were not in a position of vulnerability as regards the
defendant. The plaintiffs appreciated that the transaction they proposed to
enter into carried a specific risk (a defective transaction between Lum Whye
Hee and Victor Tan) and took steps which they thought were sufficient to
address that risk. They were, throughout the weekend of 18 to 20 September
2010, in a position to enter into a direct contractual relationship with a
lawyer who owed them, and only them, a duty to assess and advise them on the
risks of the transaction and on the steps advisable to minimise that risk. The
plaintiffs did so, but unfortunately _after_ handing over their cheque to
Victor Tan. The plaintiffs proceeded in this way because they believed that
they had found a good bargain and because they believed they had taken
adequate steps by speaking to the defendant to address a risk which they alone
appreciated. None of that suffices to put the plaintiffs in a position of
vulnerability as against the defendant.

(4) Control

211 The defendant was in no position to control the mechanism by which the
plaintiffs suffered their loss. That mechanism was Victor Tan and his fraud.
The defendant’s only direct contact with Victor Tan, posing as Lum Whye Hee,
was a single fax and a single telephone call. By contrast, in the context of
the transaction by which they were defrauded, the plaintiffs’ contact with
Victor Tan, and with his array of identities, was direct and sustained over
the period from 18 September 2010 to 20 September 2010\. There is no doubt the
defendant had an obligation to verify the identity of their putative client.
But that obligation was first and foremost a professional obligation. That
professional obligation could suffice a co-extensive obligation in tort, but
only to a proximate party such as Lum Whye Hee herself. There is no basis to
enlarge that professional obligation into a civil obligation owed to a
counterparty of a counterparty of a putative client to ensure that that remote
party suffers no loss in a proposed transaction of which the defendant knows
nothing and the remote party knows everything. A law firm’s professional
obligation to know its client cannot be transformed into a civil obligation
owed to all and sundry to prevent fraud. The mechanism of the plaintiffs’ loss
was Victor Tan’s fraud, not the defendant’s failure to verify Lum Whye Hee’s
identity. The defendant did not control the mechanism of harm.

212 For all these reasons, I find that there is no relationship of proximity
between the defendant and the plaintiffs. That is, in itself, sufficient to
hold that the defendant owed the plaintiffs no duty of care.

The second stage: policy

213 In case I am wrong, and there is in fact a relationship of proximity
between the defendant and the plaintiffs, I now consider the second stage of
the universal test. At this second stage, the court considers whether there
are any broader community welfare or societal considerations which go beyond
the imperative to do justice between the immediate parties and which negate
the _prima facie_ duty of care which would otherwise arise from the
conjunction of factual foreseeability and proximity.

214 On the facts of this case, the key factor at the policy stage is that the
plaintiffs were never the defendant’s client. It is for that reason that the
plaintiffs’ claim is brought only as a claim in tort and not as a claim in
contract, based on an express or even an implied retainer.

215 One of the salient features identified by Allsop J which finds its home in
the second stage of our universal test is the existence of conflicting duties
arising from other principles of law. It is this feature that the defendant
relies upon to submit that even if proximity is established, policy
considerations at the second stage of the universal test operate to negate a
duty of care. I accept this submission. The possibility of conflicting duties
is to my mind a powerful policy factor which operates to negate a duty of care
here, even if I had found myself able to make a finding of proximity under the
first stage in the present case.

216 The defendant is a firm of solicitors. As such, the defendant owes duties
to its clients under the civil law, subject to and supplemented by the
applicable ethical and professional rules that govern the legal profession.
The general rule at common law is that a solicitor owes a duty of care in tort
only to his client and not to any third parties. Thus, a solicitor acting for
a seller of land does not generally owe a duty of care to the buyer of that
land, even though the solicitor would know that any negligence on his part in
conducting the sale could affect the buyer also: _Gran Gelato Ltd_ v
_Richcliff (Group) Ltd and Another_ [1992] Ch 560. The policy factor
identified by Allsop P at [103(o)] of _Caltex_ (quoted at [180] above) is the
very reason for this general rule. A solicitor owes onerous duties to his
client, including a duty to advance his client’s interests zealously. In the
course of discharging that duty, a solicitor will often have to take positions
which are foreseeably or even intentionally adverse to the economic interests
of his client’s transactional counterparties, and even of parties more remote
such as counterparties of counterparties. In order to represent his client
properly, he must be free to do all of that without fear of liability in tort
to those third parties. As a matter of policy, therefore, the law does not
impose a duty on the solicitor to a third party which has the potential to
conflict with that solicitor’s duty to his client.

217 The most notable apparent exception to this general rule is the anomalous
cause of action available to a disappointed non-client beneficiary against a
solicitor who has been negligent in drawing up a client’s will. This liability
was first recognised in English law in _Ross v Caunters_ [1980] 1 Ch 297 and
rationalised by the House of Lords in _White v Jones_. The latter decision was
recently analysed with great erudition, albeit in _obiter dicta_ , by the
Court of Appeal in _Patrick Adnan Anwar v Ng Chong Hue LLC_ [2014] SGCA 34 (“
_Patrick Adnan Anwar_ ”).

218 _White v Jones_ is anomalous in English law because the duty of care
arises neither under the general test in English law for a duty of care
(because it is a claim for pure economic loss, barred in English law as a
general rule) nor under the exceptional _Hedley Byrne_ species of liability
for pure economic loss (because it can arise without a voluntary assumption of
responsibility and without reliance). That duty need not be anomalous under
Singapore law because liability for pure economic loss is simply an
application of our universal test rather than by way of exception. As a matter
of English law, perhaps Professor Stevens is correct when he argues (_Torts
and Rights_ at 180-181) that the best explanation for _White v Jones_ is that
it is a _sui generis_ cause of action in tort made available to a disappointed
beneficiary once the testator has died because that is the only available way
to vindicate the testator’s expectation interest under his contract with the
negligent solicitor. It is the only available vindication because any award of
damages to the testator’s estate will fall to be distributed under the
testator’s intestacy or under his provable will, and cannot be distributed as
the testator intended and expected under his absent or ineffective will.

219 I refer to _White v Jones_ as an apparent (and not an actual) exception to
the general rule that a solicitor owes no duty of care to a non-client because
in that class of case, the interests of the solicitor’s client and of the non-
client are entirely aligned. It is in both their interests that the testator’s
will be drawn up without negligence so that it is able to give effect to his
wishes after he dies, as he intends. No conflict can arise between the
solicitors’ duty to the client under his retainer and this exceptional duty of
care to the non-client in tort. So too on the facts in _Patrick Adnan Anwar_ ,
the interests of the law firm’s client (a borrower) and of the plaintiffs (who
unintentionally became guarantors of the borrower’s indebtedness to the lender
by reason of the firm’s negligence) were aligned throughout. The policy factor
which would otherwise operate to negate a _prima facie_ duty of care is not
engaged in these cases.

220 In the present case, as I have pointed above, the plaintiffs are on the
opposite side of the transaction from the defendant’s putative client. There
is every possibility that the interests of a solicitors’ client and the
interests of the client’s transactional counterparty will not be aligned. But
the plaintiffs are not even the putative client’s counterparty. They are a
counterparty of a counterparty. The interests of Lum Whye Hee (the defendant’s
putative client) and of Victor Tan (Lum Whye Hee’s putative counterparty) are
not aligned with the interest of the plaintiffs. It makes no difference that
the defendant was not in fact acting for the client (Lum Whye Hee) for whom
they believed they were acting. Even if the defendant is taken as acting for
Victor Tan, for that is the actual individual who engaged the defendant’s
services albeit under false pretences, the plaintiffs are on the other side of
the transactional divide with the consequent presumptive non-alignment of
interests. There is therefore every policy reason for negating any _prima
facie_ duty of care which may have arisen under the first stage of the
universal test.

221 The plaintiffs argue that the policy considerations in this case point in
favour of a duty of care. They rely on the fact that solicitors occupy a
special and elevated position in society. Because of this, the plaintiffs
submit that there is a policy imperative that a solicitors’ word should be
capable of being trusted and that information given by solicitors to members
of the public should be accurate and reliable.[note: 97] This policy
imperative, they say, supports at the second stage a duty of care arising from
a finding of proximity at the first stage.

222 I am unable to accept this submission. It is of course true that
solicitors occupy a special and elevated position in society. It is especially
significant that solicitors continue to occupy this position despite
unconscionable betrayals of trust by some errant solicitors in the recent
past. Solicitors are given a monopoly in advising members of the public on the
law and in representing members of the public when they seek justice. They are
rightly held to high standards of conduct in their professional activities,
and are rightly held to higher standards of conduct in their professional
activities than the civil law of obligations requires. Those high standards
are the _quid pro quo_ for the monopoly that solicitors enjoy and for the
privilege of being a self-regulating profession. But those higher standards
are the province of the ethical and professional obligations of solicitors.
Thus, a solicitor has a solemn professional obligation to honour an
undertaking, no matter to whom the undertaking is given, and even if the
undertaking involves matters outside the solicitor’s control. Breach of a
solicitors’ undertaking is a serious matter, constituting a contempt of court,
constituting a breach of the solicitor’s professional obligations and carrying
potential liability to compensate the party to whom it is given for loss
arising from the breach: _Udall v Capri Lighting_ [1988] 1 QB 907. But those
consequences arise under the court’s inherent supervisory and disciplinary
jurisdiction over solicitors, not in the civil law of obligations. That is
where the plaintiffs’ case against the defendant resides. In the law of
negligence, there are in my view strong policy considerations which militate
against finding a duty of care owed by a solicitor to a non-client, even if
proximity can otherwise be found.

223 There is in my view, therefore, no policy imperative that the special and
elevated position of solicitors should put a solicitor at risk of civil
liability to non-clients in the law of negligence. Indeed, the policy
imperative is to my mind in quite the opposite direction. Imposing civil
liability on the defendant through the law of negligence in circumstances such
as this makes the defendant effectively the insurer of a transaction which a
non-client (the plaintiffs) proposes to enter into with another non-client
(Victor Tan) or arguably with a client (Victor Tan fraudulently posing as Lum
Whye Hee). The effect of that is to spread the risk which the plaintiffs took
in transacting with Victor Tan across all clients of all solicitors through
increased professional liability premiums which are ultimately passed on to
those clients. There is no compelling policy reason why the special and
elevated position of solicitors in society should mean that the transactional
risk of two people who were, at the material time, not the clients of _any_
solicitor should be spread in this way, through the law of negligence. The
interest of the general public in solicitors upholding the standards of their
special and elevated profession is vindicated by enforcement of the
profession’s ethical and professional obligations, not by recognising a duty
of care to non-clients in the law of negligence. Even if I had found
proximity, the positive policy argument relied on by the plaintiffs would not
have outweighed the negative argument I have analysed above.

224 For these reasons, it is my view that even if I had found the plaintiffs
to be in a relationship of proximity with the defendants, the _prima facie_
duty of care which arose thereby would be negated on policy grounds. None of
this, of course, deals with the very different policy analysis to be
undertaken where the party claiming compensation from the solicitor is the
solicitor’s client or the person the solicitor believed to be his client (Lum
Whye Hee in this case).

Breach of duty and damages

225 Given that I have found that the defendant owed the plaintiffs no duty of
care, it is not necessary for me to consider whether the defendant breached
that duty or to consider what recoverable loss and damage, if any, the
plaintiffs suffered as a consequence. I therefore turn to consider the
plaintiffs’ alternative cause of action.

Breach of warranty of authority

226 The plaintiffs argue that they are entitled to succeed in their
alternative action in breach of warranty of authority because:

(a) Susan Chua represented to the plaintiffs that the defendant had Lum Whye
Hee’s authority to act for her in the sale of 13A Jalan Berjaya;

(b) Susan Chua’s representation is attributable to the defendant;

(c) Susan Chua’s representation was untrue;

(d) Susan Chua’s misrepresentation induced the plaintiffs to transact with
Victor Tan;

(e) The plaintiffs suffered loss by reason of transacting with Victor Tan.

227 A breach of a warranty of authority requires an ostensible agent (A) who
deals with a third party (T) with regard to the affairs of a putative
principal (P). The principle which determines when A will be liable to T is
set out in the following passage from _Bowstead & Reynolds on Agency_ (Peter G
Watts gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Edition, 2010) (“ _Bowstead & Reynolds_”)
at para 9-060 (I have inserted my designations for the three parties in square
brackets):

(1) Where a person [A], by words or conduct, _represents that he has actual
authority to act on behalf of another_ [P], and a third party [T] is _induced
by such representation_ to act in a manner in which he would not have acted if
that representation had not been made, the first-mentioned person [A] is
_deemed to warrant that that the representation is true_ , and is liable for
any loss caused to such third party [T] by a breach of that implied warranty,
even if he [A] acted in good faith, under a mistaken belief that he had such
authority.

(2) Every person who purports to act as an agent [A] is deemed by his conduct
to represent that he is in fact duly authorised so to act, except where the
purported agent [A] expressly disclaims authority or where the nature and
extent of his authority, or the material facts from which the nature and
extent may be inferred, are known to the other contracting party [T].

[Emphasis added]

228 In _Fong Maun Yee_ at [53], the Court of Appeal cited a predecessor of
this passage, found in the then-current 16th edition of Bowstead & Reynolds,
and accepted that it states Singapore law for this type of liability. The
plaintiffs rely[note: 98] on this passage in their submissions. The defendant
makes no submission to the contrary.

Anomalous features of this liability

229 Liability for breach of warranty of authority is, at its core, a species
of liability for misrepresentation. That is apparent from the words in the
passage from _Bowstead & Reynolds_ which I have italicised at [227] above. The
gist of the liability is A’s misrepresentation to T which causes T to act in a
certain way leading to T suffering loss. This is the unmistakable language of
tort. But liability for breach of warranty of authority is, for historical
reasons, classified instead as liability under an contract: _Fong Maun Yee at_
[53]. As a result, liability for breach of warranty of authority has three
contractual features which make it wholly distinct from liability in tort.

230 First, liability for breach of warranty of authority is strict, just as
liability for all breach of contract is strict. Thus, A is liable to T even if
A makes the representation as to his authority entirely without fault. This
runs contrary to the general position at common law that liability for
misrepresentation requires fault: either fraud (_Derry v Peek_), or at the
very least negligence (since _Hedley Byrne_). Further, the fact that liability
is strict has an important consequence. Because fault is not required for
liability, A does not even have a liability in negligence, running parallel to
his liability in contract, on which he can run a contributory negligence
defence. In principle, therefore, T can recover the full extent of his loss in
an action for breach of warranty of authority even if he ought to have taken
reasonable care to protect himself but failed to do so (_cf Fong Maun Yee_ at
[55]).

231 Second, because A and T are counterparties to a contract, there is no need
to find any other relationship between A and T in order to ground liability.
A’s liability to T arises simply because they have a contract and because the
subject-matter of their contract is A’s authority to act for P. So long as
that is the case, A is liable to T even if A would owe T no duty of care if
the parties’ relationship were to be analysed in tort.

232 The final contractual aspect of liability for breach of warranty of
authority is the measure of damages. If A is found liable to T for breach of a
warranty of authority, A is obliged to put T in the position that he would
have been in if A’s warranty had been true and A in fact had had P’s authority
(the measure in contract), and not merely to put T in the position that he
would have been in if A’s misrepresentation as to authority had never been
made (the measure in tort).

233 All of this is summarised in _Bowstead & Reynolds_ at para 9-062:

The nature of the liability arising under this rule has been much discussed.
There are _dicta_ in many of the cases which to modern eyes leave it doubtful
whether the cause of action is to be classified as contractual or tortious. …
The assumption in the later nineteenth century that all actions must be
classifiable into one group or another eventually led to these actions being
regarded as contractual, and contractual rules applied. The contract is
normally unilateral, viz. the agent offers to warrant his authority in
exchange for the third party entering into a contract with the principal or
otherwise acting as requested; the offer is accepted by the third party acting
accordingly. The result of the cause of action being classified as contractual
is that strict liability is customarily placed on parties who make contractual
promises; the agent is in effect a guarantor of his authority. There are
repercussions as regards the damages obtainable, which are not limited to
reliance loss.

The plaintiffs’ case

234 The plaintiffs rely on these contractual features to submit that the
defendant is liable to them for breach of warranty of authority even if it
owed them no duty of care in tort and regardless of whether it was negligent
in making the representation as to its authority. Further, the plaintiffs
argue that the result of this liability is that the defendant is obliged to
compensate them for their lost opportunity to purchase a property in their
desired area between September 2010 (when they were defrauded) and December
2011 (when they purchased their current home).

235 I now consider whether the plaintiffs have made out each of the elements
of their claim listed at [226] above.

The defendant is liable for breach of its warranty of authority

Susan Chua represented that the defendant had Lum Whye Hee’s authority

236 I have already found as a fact (at [50]-[71] above) that Susan Chua, in
her telephone conversation with the first plaintiff on 20 September 2010,
represented to the first plaintiff that the defendant acted for Lum Whye Hee
(the first representation) and did so in the sale of 13A Jalan Berjaya to
Victor Tan as contemplated by the “option” (the second representation).

237 It is of course possible to construe Susan Chua’s representations
narrowly: as nothing more than a mere representation that the defendant had
authority to act on behalf of a person going by the name of Lum Whye Hee and
claiming to be the same individual as the person of that name who appeared to
be the registered proprietor of 13A Jalan Berjaya in order to sell that
property to a person going by the name of Victor Tan on the terms set out in
what appeared to be an option granted by Lum Whye Hee to Victor Tan. But that
would be an artificially narrow construction of what Susan Chua said to the
first plaintiff given the unqualified nature of Susan Chua’s answers to the
first plaintiff’s unambiguous two questions. Further, reading that clear
representation of authority down in this artificially narrow way by hedging it
internally with qualifications would eviscerate the doctrine of breach of
warranty of authority (__cf__ _Excel Securities plc v Masood_ [2010] Lloyds
Rep PN 165 (_“Excel Securities_ ”) at 184). And, more importantly, that is not
a point taken by the defendant. The defendant in fact accepts that Susan
Chua’s first representation amounts to a warranty of its authority to act for
the real Lum Whye Hee.[note: 99]

Susan Chua’s representation is attributable to the defendant

238 I have also found that Susan Chua made that representation in the course
of her employment, and that that representation is therefore attributable to
the defendant (at [72]-[96] above).

Susan Chua’s representation was false

239 It is common ground that that representation was false. I need make no
finding whether that is so because the defendant was at fault in making this
representation. Liability for breach of warranty of authority is strict.

Susan Chua’s representation induced the plaintiffs to transact

240 I find also that Susan Chua’s misrepresentation induced the plaintiffs to
transact with Victor Tan posing as “Lucas Ong” on the evening of 20 September
2010. That was the evidence of the first plaintiff in his affidavit of
evidence in chief and in cross-examination.[note: 100] This evidence is
consistent with the circumstances. As early as 18 September 2010, Victor Tan
offered the plaintiffs the opportunity to snap up 13A Jalan Berjaya at a
bargain price. The plaintiffs pursued that opportunity on Saturday, 18
September 2010 and Sunday, 19 September 2010. They were in communication with
Victor Tan, in his many guises, on both days. If the plaintiffs’ true
motivation was to snap up the opportunity to acquire 13A Jalan Berjaya at a
bargain price, as the defendant suggests, they would have done so on either of
those two days. They did not do that. Instead, they deliberately waited to
transact with Victor Tan until Monday, 20 September 2010, when the defendant’s
office was open for business, and until after the first plaintiff had obtained
Susan Chua’s representation as to the defendant’s authority. The first
plaintiff’s evidence, which I accept, is that immediately after he received
Susan Chua’s confirmation, he telephoned “Steven Sim” and arranged to meet
“Lucas Ong” that evening to enter into the transaction with Victor Tan and to
hand over the plaintiffs’ cheque drawn in his favour for $105,200.[note: 101]
All of this satisfies me that the defendant’s representations as to authority
induced the plaintiffs to deal with Victor Tan. More than that, I am also
satisfied that without the defendant’s representations as to authority, the
plaintiffs would not have transacted with Victor Tan.

241 It is to my mind immaterial that the plaintiffs prepared an acknowledgment
letter on 19 September 2010 on the basis that they would transact with Victor
Tan on 20 September 2010. I accept the first plaintiff’s evidence that that he
prepared that acknowledgment letter in anticipation of transacting with Victor
Tan but not because the plaintiffs had already made up their mind to do so
regardless of the outcome of the telephone conversation they intended to have
with Susan Chua on 20 September 2010. I accept further the first plaintiff’s
evidence that he prepared this letter in advance on 19 September 2010 because
that was a Sunday and the first plaintiff had the time to set aside to
complete that task on that day. While this conduct may indicate a certain
eagerness on the plaintiffs’ part to transact with Victor Tan, that does not
to my mind indicate that they would have done so without the defendant’s
representation as to its authority.

242 There is nothing inconsistent between this finding of the necessary
inducement under this head of liability and my finding that the plaintiffs’
reliance on Susan Chua’s representation was not reasonable reliance for the
purposes of _Hedley Byrne_ liability (at [202]-[205] above). The two inquiries
are very different. The fact that it was unreasonable for the plaintiffs to
rely on Susan Chua’s warranty of authority does not enter into the analysis on
this cause of action. There is ordinarily no obligation on T in this situation
to inquire about A’s authority or its scope and extent: “[T] is entitled to
assume that a person purporting to act as agent promises that he is so
authorised” (_Bowstead & Reynolds_ at para 9-070).

243 The defendant can escape liability for breach of warranty of authority
only if the defendant expressly disclaimed the defendant’s authority to act
for Lum Whye Hee or if the plaintiffs at any time knew the nature and extent
of the defendant’s authority to act for Lum Whye Hee or knew any material
facts from which they might have inferred the nature and extent of that
authority (see [227] above). There is no suggestion that the defendant ever
expressly disclaimed authority to act for “Lum Whye Hee”. And although the
plaintiffs had contact with Victor Tan from 18 September 2010 to 20 September
2010 itself, there can be and is no suggestion that the plaintiffs knew or
could have inferred that the defendant did not have authority to act for Lum
Whye Hee.

The losses claimed by the plaintiffs

244 These findings are sufficient to hold the defendant liable for breach of
warranty of authority. The next question, therefore, is to determine whether
the plaintiffs are entitled to recover from the defendant the losses that they
claim, namely:

(a) The sum of $105,200 which they paid to Victor Tan posing as “Lucas Ong”;
and

(b) The opportunity they lost to purchase their new family home in their
desired area at a date earlier than they eventually did (December 2011). The
plaintiffs quantify this loss as $2.046m[note: 102] representing the rise in
property values in their desired area between September 2010 (when they were
defrauded) and December 2011 (when they purchased their current home).

245 I pause only to note that, although the plaintiffs submit that they are
entitled to damages on the measure applicable in contract, both their claims
are in fact sought on the measure applicable in tort. That is so even though
the second claim refers to a lost opportunity. Both heads of damages seek to
put the plaintiffs in the position they would have been if the defendant had
never warranted its authority to act for Lum Whye Hee, rather than to put the
plaintiffs in the position they would have been in if the warranty of
authority had been true.

246 The reason for this is obvious. The contractual measure of damages is a
complete non-starter on the facts of this case. Even if the defendant had had
Lum Whye Hee’s authority in September 2010 to act for her in selling 13A Jalan
Berjaya to Victor Tan, the plaintiffs would still not have been able to
purchase that property, for the simple reason that the option was an utter
forgery. Even assuming counterfactually that the defendant actually had Lum
Whye Hee’s authority to 13A Jalan Berjaya, that does not in itself necessarily
make the “option” genuine.

247 The plaintiffs cannot therefore say, on the facts of this case, that if
A’s warranty of authority had not been false, they would have succeeded in
purchasing 13A Jalan Berjaya at S$3.864m. The defendant did not represent that
Lum Whye Hee’s signature on the “option” was a genuine signature. In any
event, even if they did, the consequences of that representation would fall to
be analysed in tort, not in the law on breach of warranty of authority. Thus,
the contractual advantages of such a claim do not extend to a representation
that Lum Whye Hee’s signature on the forged “option” was genuine. While the
approach of the Court of Appeal in _Fong Maun Yee_ may appear to be
inconsistent with this view, the _ratio_ in that case rested on the victim of
the fraud being a client of the law firm, and therefore entitled to recovery
in contract, and not on liability in negligent misrepresentation in tort or
for breach of warranty of authority.

Recoverability of loss arising from breach of warranty of authority

The test for causation

248 The principles as to the assessment of damages for breach of warranty of
authority are common ground between the plaintiffs[note: 103] and the
defendant.[note: 104] The plaintiffs are entitled to recover loss which (i) is
caused by the defendant’s breach of warranty of authority; and (ii) satisfies
the applicable test of remoteness of damage.

249 On causation, the plaintiffs invite me to adopt a loss of a chance
analysis in preference to the traditional but-for test of causation.[note:
105] I decline to do so. The loss of a chance analysis is an exceptional one
applicable where the: (i) the claimant has been injured but it is not clear
who amongst a group of possible wrongdoers was the cause in fact of the loss;
(ii) the defendant’s wrongful conduct has injured a number of claimants but it
is not clear whether the plaintiff is one of them; or (iii) where the
defendant has engaged in wrongful conduct which has had an impact on the
plaintiff, but it is not clear whether the defendant’s wrongful conduct in
fact caused harm to the plaintiff: _Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng
Khim Ming Eric_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 782 at [69]. There is nothing difficult or
exceptional about the facts of this case which warrants moving away from the
traditional but-for test of causation.

The test for remoteness of damage

250 The parties are on common ground that the test for remoteness of damage in
actions for breach of warranty of authority is the contractual test. As held
in _Robertson Quay Investments Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 623 at [81]-[82], loss arising in contract will not be too remote to be
recovered if that loss is fairly and reasonably considered to be within the
reasonable contemplation of the parties either:

(a) Because that loss is ordinary loss, flowing naturally from the breach
according to the usual course of things; or

(b) Because that loss is the probable result of the breach in special
circumstances, where those special circumstances have been communicated
between the parties beforehand and are therefore actually known to both of
them at that time of contracting.

251 In order to apply the tests of causation and remoteness, I have to
consider separately the plaintiffs’ two heads of claim.

The $105,200 which the plaintiffs paid “Lucas Ong” is recoverable

(1) Causation

252 I have already found that the defendant’s warranty of authority induced
the plaintiff to transact with Victor Tan (see [240]-[241] above). For the
same reasons, I find that the plaintiffs have established the necessary but-
for causative link between the defendant’s misrepresentation and the
plaintiffs’ decision to pay $105,200 to Victor Tan.

(2) Remoteness

253 I accept also that the loss which the plaintiffs suffered when they handed
over their cheque for $105,200 to Victor Tan is not too remote to be
recovered. Leong Li Lin accepted in cross-examination that members of the
public who call law firms such as the defendant to seek information intend to
act on the information received.[note: 106] She also confirmed that the
defendant was aware that a sale by an option-holder of his rights under an
option was a type of activity taking place in the property market. All of that
was therefore in the reasonable contemplation of the defendant when the first
plaintiff spoke to Susan Chua on 20 September 2010. Acting on information
provided by a law firm by parting with money pursuant to a transaction which
is not unusual (purchasing an option) which money turns out to be
irrecoverable is in my view loss naturally flowing from a false representation
as to authority. That suffices to satisfy the contractual test of remoteness
and to make the sum of $105,200 which the plaintiffs handed over to “Lucas
Ong” on 20 September 2010 recoverable as damages for the defendant’s breach of
warranty of authority.

Damages for the plaintiffs’ lost opportunity are not recoverable

254 Whether the plaintiffs are entitled to recover damages for their lost
opportunity is a much more difficult question. I hold that they are not,
because they have satisfied neither the test of causation nor the test of
remoteness in respect of this head of damage.

(1) Causation

255 The plaintiffs submit that the test of causation is satisfied because, if
the defendant had not warranted on 20 September 2010 that it had Lum Whye
Hee’s authority to sell 13A Jalan Berjaya to Victor Tan, the plaintiffs would
have continued house hunting in September 2010 and October 2010 and would have
purchased one of the next two suitable properties which came up for sale in
their desired area in those months, but which were sold to others.[note: 107]
Because the defendant warranted its authority on 20 September 2010, however,
the plaintiffs were induced to transact with Victor Tan and became embroiled
in his fraud. They were able to extricate themselves from that fraud only on
12 November 2010 when WongP on behalf of the real Lum Whye Hee told them
conclusively that 13A Jalan Berjaya was not for sale (see [41] above). They
resumed house hunting in January 2011,[note: 108] but no suitable property
came on the market in their desired area until December 2011. They bought that
property at $8m, about $3m more than they would have had to pay for either of
the properties which had sold in September 2010 and October 2010.

256 I do not accept that the defendant’s breach of warranty of authority is
the but-for cause of the plaintiffs’ lost opportunity to purchase the two
properties which came onto the market in September 2010 and October 2010.

257 First, I do not accept that the plaintiffs’ stated reason for staying out
of the property market after they realised that they had been defrauded. The
plaintiffs’ initial position in their pleadings[note: 109] and in the first
plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief[note: 110] was that the plaintiffs
lost the opportunity to purchase one of those two alternative properties
because their stakeholding money was withheld by the defendant from the time
they accepted that they had been defrauded on 13 October 2010 until July 2011.
However, the first plaintiff confirmed in oral evidence in chief that that was
not the case:[note: 111] the plaintiffs had sufficient funding to commit to an
alternative property even without the defendant releasing the stakeholding
money. Instead, the reason now given for the plaintiffs’ having lost the
opportunity to go into the market is that the plaintiffs were not in the right
state of mind to do so when they discovered that they had been defrauded. This
reason is found nowhere in the plaintiffs’ pleadings or affidavits of evidence
in chief. To my mind, this is an afterthought.

258 Second, even if it is true that the plaintiffs were not in the right state
of mind to resume househunting immediately, I find that that state of mind was
not the result of the defendant’s breach of their warranty of authority. I
accept that a victim of a property fraud might require time to come to terms
with having been defrauded and may not return immediately to the property
market. I accept also that the defendant’s conduct once it discovered Victor
Tan’s fraud was inexplicable and extraordinary (see [31]-[45] above).
Particularly inexplicable is the defendant’s decision on 15 October 2010 to
insist on a court order as a condition for returning the plaintiffs’
stakeholding money and their failure to agree to return that money
unconditionally until 27 April 2011. As I have mentioned, the first plaintiff
candidly conceded that it was not the plaintiffs’ inability to recover this
stakeholding money which kept them out of the property market.[note: 112]

259 The first plaintiff in his evidence in chief said that their delay in
returning to househunting was “more of a state of mind…when we were very
disappointed with this…scam”.[note: 113] I have found that the defendant was
not fraudulent in its misrepresentation. It was therefore not a part of Victor
Tan’s scam. If the plaintiffs’ state of mind arose from the scam, it arose
from having been defrauded by Victor Tan. To the extent that the plaintiffs
also blamed their state of mind on discovering the defendant’s cavalier
attitude both in making the misrepresentation on 20 September 2010 and to
trying to ameliorate the very real consequences of that misrepresentation for
the plaintiffs, I find that that too is an afterthought.

260 Finally, I find that by 13 October 2010 the plaintiffs knew that they had
been defrauded and had no chance of purchasing 13A Jalan Berjaya through their
transaction with Victor Tan. That was the day on which WLaw, on the
plaintiffs’ instructions, wrote to the defendant demanding the return of the
stakeholding money. Yet the defendant attempted to pursue a purchase of 13A
Jalan Berjaya – a property which they now knew had never been for sale – from
the real Lum Whye Hee until 12 November 2010, when WongP made clear that Lum
Whye Hee would not sell the property to them. The first plaintiff accepted in
cross-examination that while he was focused on salvaging this non-existent
deal, the other two suitable properties which were sold in the plaintiffs’
desired area slipped by him.[note: 114]

(2) Remoteness

261 I also find that this head of damage is too remote. For the plaintiffs to
succeed on the test of remoteness set out at [250] above, they would have to
establish that it was in the reasonable contemplation of the parties that if
the defendant misstated its authority to act for Lum Whye Hee in a sale of 13A
Jalan Berjaya to Victor Tan, the result would be that the plaintiffs would
cease all house hunting until 2011 in a rising property market, thereby
suffering a lost opportunity to purchase their new family home at a price
lower than the price which they eventually paid.

262 For that argument to succeed, the plaintiffs would have to show that each
of the following special circumstances must have been known to the defendant
at the time it gave its warranty of authority on 20 September 2010:

(a) That the plaintiffs were looking for a house in, and only in, their
desired location in the Thomson/Bishan area;

(b) That if the plaintiffs’ transaction with Victor Tan fell through, the
plaintiffs would cease all house hunting for a period of time;

(c) That properties in the plaintiffs’ desired area which were suitable for
their requirements came on the market very rarely;

(d) That the next property which met the plaintiffs’ requirements would not
come onto the market until more than a year later, in December 2011;

(e) That property prices would rise during the intervening period.

263 There is no evidence from which I can draw even an _inference_ that any of
these special circumstances were actually known to the defendant. The first
plaintiff and the defendant had only one very brief telephone conversation on
20 September 2010. I have found that in that conversation, the defendant
confirmed that it acted for Lum Whye Hee and that she had granted an option to
Victor Tan. I have found, further, that the first plaintiff did not inform the
defendant in that conversation of the plaintiffs’ intention to purchase the
option which both the plaintiffs and the defendant believed Lum Whye Hee had
granted Victor Tan over 13A Jalan Berjaya.

264 In my view, it was neither reasonably foreseeable on 20 September 2010 nor
within the parties’ reasonable contemplation that the plaintiffs would be
frozen out of a rapidly-rising property market for close to a year before the
next property which met the plaintiffs’ requirements came onto the market in
their desired area and the plaintiffs committed to purchase that property to
replace the bargain that they thought they had reached with Victor Tan on 20
September 2010.

265 Damages for that lost opportunity are therefore too remote for the
plaintiffs to recover them against the defendant.

Some concluding comments on liability for breach of warranty of authority

The anomalous nature of liability for breach of warranty of authority

266 Because the law on liability for breach of warranty of authority is common
ground between the parties, it has not been necessary for me to consider the
applicable principles in any detail beyond that set out at [226]-[233] above.
I conclude by noting just how anomalous this 19th century cause of action is
in the 21st century, both in English law and in Singapore law, particularly in
light of developments in the law of negligence for negligent misstatement.

267 Its anomalous nature can be demonstrated by an example. Assume that a
hypothetical law firm is approached by a new client. It carries out reasonable
identity checks on that client. In spite of all its efforts, it fails to
detect that its client is a fraudulent impostor. If the law firm represents
its authority to act for that impostor to T and if that representation induces
T to do virtually anything, the state of the law appears to be that the law
firm will find itself, without more, liable to T for all loss caused to T by
the misrepresentation, and subject only to remoteness of damage.

268 This liability is anomalous on several levels. First, the law firm is
liable to T for its misrepresentation even though it exercised reasonable care
in verifying the fraudster’s identity. Indeed, it is liable to T no matter how
much care it exercised and no matter how clever and determined the fraudster
was. Second, the law firm is liable for the misrepresentation even if it owed
T no duty of care. Factual foreseeability is irrelevant. So too is proximity.
So too is policy. Finally, holding the defendant liable here runs contrary to
the general position that a firm of professionals is not ordinarily liable for
loss caused in the course of its professional business without a showing of
fault (_Excel Securities_ at 184).

269 Liability arises despite all of these anomalies simply because of the
_subject-matter_ of the misrepresentation: A’s authority to act for P. Looked
at from the perspective of tort, and adopting the rights-based approach, the
effect of the law is to endow each of us with a protected right not to be
misled in any manner, however innocently, by an agent on the issue of his
authority. There is no other type of information which the law considers so
special that liability for a misrepresentation about that information arises
without the need to establish proximity, regardless of policy considerations
and without a showing of fault in order to ground recovery assessed on the
contractual measure.

The paradigm case of breach of warranty of authority

270 This is the state of the law simply because liability for breach of
warranty of authority is an anachronism. It developed in the 19th century in
an understandable attempt to give a remedy to a third party who had been
misled by a misrepresentation as to authority where the third party would
otherwise have had no remedy. Successive case law has, however, allowed it to
develop far beyond the narrow paradigm case which it initially sought to
address. It now covers virtually the same field as liability in tort for
misrepresentation, where that misrepresentation relates to an agent’s
authority. But it is capable of yielding different outcomes on the same facts,
thereby bringing its principles into conflict with the law of tort.

271 The paradigm case of breach of warranty of authority is where A warrants
to T that he has the authority of P to enter into a contract with T which will
bind P, thereby inducing T to enter into that contract believing that P will
be bound by it. It is easy to see why T ought to have a remedy against A in
this paradigm case. The result of A’s misrepresentation as to authority is
that T has been wholly deprived of the bargain which he believed he had
secured with P. The consequence of that loss ought not, in justice, to fall on
T: he is blameless. But neither ought that consequence, in justice, fall on P:
he too is blameless. A is the only one person left to hold liable. And it is
in a sense just that the loss should fall on A as compared to T or to P. A is
best placed to ensure that his representation as to authority is true before
he makes it to a third party. And A is in a factual sense the cause of T’s
loss: it is his misstatement which misleads T and induces him to enter into
the contract with P via A.

272 English law first recognised liability for breach of warranty of authority
in 1857 in just such a paradigm case: _Collen v Wright_ (1857) 8 El & Bl 647.
Critically, though, the plaintiff in that case could not prove fraud. As the
law then stood, that meant that T had no remedy against A for his
misrepresentation. Only fraudulent misrepresentation was then actionable. And
fraud at that time meant deliberate deceit. _Derry v Peek_ had not yet brought
within the doctrine of fraud Lord Herschell’s third limb: a statement made
when the maker is conscious of a risk that it might be false, but who is
indifferent to that risk. Furthermore, _Donoghue v Stevenson_ had not yet
recognised that fault which caused loss could yield liability if, but only if,
accompanied by a duty of care. Finally, _Hedley v Byrne’s_ recognition that
there can be liability at common law for a negligent misstatement was more
than a century away.

273 It was against this legal and factual backdrop that _Collen v Wright_
recognised that T had a cause of action against A as an exception to the
acknowledged rule which then barred recovery for all but fraudulent
misrepresentation. Willes J described the scope and the basis of that
exceptional liability as follows (at 657-658):

… I am of the opinion that a person, _who induces another to contract with him
as the agent of a third party_ by an unqualified assertion of his being
authorised to act as such agent, is answerable to the person who so contracts
for any damages which he may sustain by reason for the assertion of authority
being untrue. _This is not the case of a bare misstatement by a person not
bound by any duty to give information._ The fact that the professed agent
honestly thinks that he has authority affects the moral character of his act;
but his moral innocence, so far as the person whom he has induced to contract
is concerned, in no way aids such person or alleviates the inconvenience and
damage which he sustains. The obligation arising in such a case is well
expressed by saying that _a person, professing to contract as agent for
another, impliedly, if not expressly, undertakes to or promises the person who
enters into such contract, upon the faith of the professed agent being duly
authorised, that the authority which he professes to have does in point of
fact exist_. The fact of entering into the transaction with the professed
agent, as such, is good consideration for the promise. Indeed the contract
will be binding upon the person dealing with the professed agent if the
alleged principal were to ratify the act of the latter.

[Emphasis added]

The limited scope of liability for breach of warranty of authority as
originally conceived

274 Willes J intended the new liability which _Collen v Wright_ recognised to
be limited in scope. It is clear from his speech that he did not intend to
detract from the general rule at common law which still applied then that bare
misstatements, and indeed non-fraudulent misstatements, were not actionable.
_Collen v Wright_ recognised an exception to that principle in the paradigm
case because there was no other way for T to have a remedy. But there are four
essential points about _Collen v Wright_ which show just how limited the scope
of this liability was intended to be.

275 First, the collateral contract on which _Collen v Wright_ rests liability
for breach of warranty of authority imposes three additional controls on that
liability, over and above the very specific subject-matter of the
misrepresentation. These additional controls are:

(a) T’s act in response to the misstatement must be to enter into a putative
_contract_ , and even then only _with P_ ;

(b) A’s misstatement must _induce_ T to enter into the putative contract. That
implies a tighter connection between the misstatement and T’s consequent act
than mere cause and effect. Inducement incorporates an element of direct
communication between A and T and an element of express or implied persuasion
of T by A. Those elements are not captured by the concept of reliance, which
looks only at cause and effect and only from T’s perspective. The present case
offers an example. The defendant caused the plaintiffs to hand over $105,200
to Victor Tan, but it cannot be said plausibly that the defendant induced the
plaintiffs to do so. On the principle in _Collen v Wright_ , A must make the
misstatement to T and must induce to T to act as he did by entering into the
putative contract;

(c) Because A’s liability arises from a collateral _contract_ , A can be
liable only to the counterparty of that contract, _ie_ to T, and to nobody
else.

276 These additional controls, together with the subject-matter of the
misstatement, create a bright dividing line which distinguishes liability for
breach of warranty of authority from liability at common law for misstatement.

277 Second, the collateral contract between A and T is a real, albeit implied,
contract. It is not a legal fiction which the court imputes to the parties. It
is a contract which the circumstances of the paradigm case allow the court
reasonably to imply. Under this contract, A promises to T that he (A) has
authority as P’s agent to enter into a contract with T and explicitly or
implicitly invites T to enter into that putative contract with P via A. That
promise is A’s consideration for the collateral contract. T’s consideration is
his act of entering into the putative contract with P via A, in response to
A’s invitation. That analysis reveals that the collateral contract is in fact
a collateral _unilateral_ contract. The important point, though, is that the
contract is real, because both parties’ consideration is real.

278 Third, so long as the collateral contract between A and T is a real
contract supported by real consideration, there is nothing anomalous about
compensating T on the contractual measure. T’s assent to the bargain
represented by his putative contract with P shows that T was willing to bear
the burden of that bargain in exchange for the expectation of its benefit. T’s
expectation is defeated because of A’s misstatement. That defeated expectation
defines the scope of A’s liability and the measure of T’s recovery. The extent
of both is determined by T’s inability to hold P liable on the putative
contract, contrary to A’s representation. In those circumstances, it is right
that A should be required to put T in the position that T would have been in
if A had actually had P’s authority to contract on P’s behalf and if T had
thereby received the benefit of his expected bargain with P.

279 Fourth, requiring that A induce T to enter into a putative contract with P
leaves no scope for an analysis of the same facts in tort to point to a
different measure of compensation for the same misstatement. As far as T is
concerned, he has contracted with P in reliance on A’s misstatement as to his
authority. But for that misstatement, T would have concluded that bargain
directly with P. A cannot be heard to say that P would have refused that
bargain with T because it is A who has purported to conclude that very same
bargain with T for and on behalf of P. Because T entered into the putative
contract to capture that bargain via A as a result of A’s inducement, rather
than directly with P (as T could have), T has lost the benefit of that
bargain. In other words, if A had not misstated his authority, A must accept
that T would have entered into an enforceable contract directly with P in the
same terms as the ineffective contract via A. The benefit of that bargain,
then, is the measure of T’s loss both in tort and also in contract. Both
analyses lead to the conclusion that A should be held liable to compensate T
for T’s lost bargain with P.

Liability for breach of warranty extended beyond its original limited scope

280 However, through a series of cases, English law has extended the liability
for breach of warranty of authority to the point where it conflicts with
liability in tort for misstatement and yields conflicting results on the same
facts. This case is one such example. The plaintiffs has recovered $105,200
from the defendant even though the defendant owed the plaintiffs no duty of
care simply because of the subject-matter of the misrepresentation.

281 The extension of liability in English law began with _Firbank’s Executors
v Humphreys_ (1886) 18 QBD 54 (“ _Firbank_ ”). That case dispensed with the
requirement that T must be induced into entering into a putative contract with
P. That case held that A is liable to T if the warranty of authority induces T
to enter into _any_ transaction with _anyone_ and T thereby suffers loss.

282 The English courts extended the doctrine further in _Yonge v Toynbee_
[1910] 1 KB 215 (“ _Yonge_ ”) by removing the requirement that A’s conduct
_induce_ T to act as he did and allowing T to recover where there was on the
facts only _reliance_ by T. The result is indistinguishable from holding A
strictly liable in tort for misrepresentation simply because the subject-
matter of the misrepresentation is A’s authority to act for P. That case has
been treated as being of general application in claims for breach of warranty
of authority, even though a close reading shows that an equally valid
explanation for the result is that it springs from the court’s supervisory
jurisdiction over solicitors as officers of the court (at 234 and 235) and its
inherent jurisdiction to determine by whom costs in civil litigation should be
paid.

283 Finally, in _Penn v Bristol & West Building Society_ [1997] 1 WLR 1356 (“
_Penn_ ”), the English Court of Appeal extended _Collen v Wright_ yet further.
The result was to hold A liable even though it was never in A’s contemplation
that it was warranting its authority to a remote party, who was one step
removed from T.

Liability for breach of warranty of authority now in conflict with the law of
torts

284 There are five problems on the current state of English law.

285 First, the result of the successive extensions of the limited principle
recognised in _Collen v Wright_ is that the only remaining distinction between
liability for breach of warranty of authority and liability in tort for
misrepresentation is the subject-matter of the misrepresentation. The effect
is to single out and elevate A’s misstatement as to his authority above all
other misstatements as being so special that A will be liable notwithstanding
the legal mechanisms put in place by the law of tort to control liability for
all other types of misstatement, whether made by other persons or by A on
other subjects. No other type of misstatement is actionable regardless of
factual foreseeability. No other type of misstatement is actionable if made
innocently. No other type of misstatement is actionable even if made
negligently, unless there is a duty of care. No other type of misstatement is
actionable even if strong considerations of policy point against it. No other
type of non-fraudulent misstatement yields damages on the contractual measure
at common law. Further, unlike the _Hedley Byrne_ duty of care, A’s duty does
not rest on a _voluntary_ assumption of responsibility by A to _take care_ in
making his representation of authority to T. That is because A’s promise to T
is deemed by the law to be an _absolute_ promise: A is taken to have given T
an unqualified _guarantee_ of A’s authority, regardless of however much care A
may have taken before making the representation. It does not matter if T’s act
of reliance of the misstatement was wholly unreasonable or if T’s carelessness
contributed to his own loss. The only way A can escape liability is either by
expressly disclaiming authority or by showing that T knew or could have
inferred the nature and extent of his authority.

286 One of the reasons _Collen v Wright_ was justified in creating such an
exceptional liability for for A’s misstatement as to authority was because it
required, at the same time, a direct and tight connection between the subject-
matter of the misstatement and the consequence of that misstatement: a
putative contract with P via A. With that connection now broken, it is
difficult to justify all of these exceptional consequences that follow for
this class of misstatement.

287 Second, with this tight connection broken, it is no longer possible
plausibly to imply an actual collateral contract in these cases. If A is
liable to anyone who relies on his misstatement as to his authority, there is
no longer a reasonable basis on which to find an implicit request, to find an
act pursuant to that request and to find consideration to support a unilateral
collateral contract. The basis of liability has shifted from an actual
_implied_ collateral contract to an _imputed_ collateral contract.

288 Third, now that there need not be an actual contract but only an imputed
contract, there is no longer a principled basis for awarding damages on the
contractual measure in every case of breach of warranty of authority.

289 Fourth, if T is not induced into entering into a putative contract with P,
the measure of damages for the misstatement as to authority assessed on the
contractual measure diverges from the measure of damages in tort. The former
measure, of course, continues to yield compensation to T for the loss of his
bargain with P. But the latter measure can now yield something quite
different, because it depends on what T would or would not have done if the
misrepresentation as to authority had not been made. We can no longer say that
if the misstatement had not been made, T would have contracted with P and
secured the benefit of the bargain lost by reason of A’s misstatement, simply
because we no longer require T to do that. Awarding damages on the contractual
basis where no actual collateral contract can be implied runs the risk of
making T better off than he would otherwise have been, without any basis in
contract for that result. This conflicts with the analysis in tort: A cannot
be held liable in tort to make T better off than he would have been without
the tort. Indeed, that was precisely the result in _Firbank_ : the result in
that case on the breach of warranty analysis put T in a better position in P’s
insolvency than he would have been in if A’s representation as to authority
had never been made at all.

290 Fifth, an overarching consideration in _Collen v Wright_ was that without
a remedy against A, T would have no remedy against anyone else. If we move
outside the paradigm case, and accept that T need not enter into a putative
contract with P via A, T may well now have a right of action against someone
else. The facts of the present case offer an illustration. The result of the
defendant’s warranty of authority was not to induce the plaintiffs to contract
with Lum Whye Hee via the defendant. The result of the warranty was to cause
the plaintiffs to have sufficient confidence to contract with Victor Tan. The
plaintiffs undoubtedly have a cause of action against Victor Tan, whether in
contract or in fraud. If they could trace him and if he had the means to pay,
they would be able to recover from him in full all of their losses. The
argument from justice which led _Collen v Wright_ to impose liability on A is
much diminished where an alternative is available, even if on the facts it is
a worthless alternative.

291 _Fong Maun Yee_ , although a case which considered the law on breach of
warranty of authority, is a case which was decided on contractual principles
because the plaintiff in that case became a client of the defendant law firm.
What was said on breach of warranty of authority in that case, although of
course entitled to the highest authority, was _obiter_. When the opportunity
arises, therefore, it remains open for the Court of Appeal to develop the
principles in this area coherently with the law of obligations as it stands in
the 21st century.

Conclusion

292 The root cause of the plaintiffs’ loss is Victor Tan. It is only because
he is either unavailable to be sued or of insufficient means to be worth suing
that the plaintiffs have sought to pursue the defendant in the tort of
negligence and for breach of warranty of authority. Although their claim fails
in tort, they are able to recover, anomalously, the $105,200 which they paid
to Victor Tan arising from the defendant’s breach of its warranty of
authority. They cannot, however, rely on that cause of action to recover the
lost opportunity to enter the property market in their desired area at the
lower values prevailing in September 2010. That loss is too remote and
permitting recovery would, on the facts of this case, be a step much too far.

293 For the reasons given above, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claim in fraudulent
misrepresentation: there was no fraud in any sense of the word. I further hold
that the defendant did not owe the plaintiffs a duty of care and therefore
dismiss their claim in negligent misrepresentation.

294 I find, however, that the defendant is liable to the plaintiffs for breach
of warranty of authority. The plaintiffs are therefore entitled to recover
damages of $105,200, being the sum which the plaintiffs paid over to Victor
Tan in reliance on Susan Chua’s first and second misrepresentations. The
plaintiffs cannot, however, recover damages for their lost opportunity in the
property market.

295 I will hear the parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]First plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief, para 21.

[note: 2]First plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief, para 34.

[note: 3]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 121 line 2-10.

[note: 4]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 121 line 12-30.

[note: 5]Agreed bundle, p 3; Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 124 line
7-11.

[note: 6]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 123 line 11-17.

[note: 7]Susan Chua’s affidavit of evidence in chief, para 6; Notes of
Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 124 line 31 to p125 line 1; p 129 line 29 to p
130 line 1.

[note: 8]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 125 line 4-9.

[note: 9]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 125 line 17 to p 126 line 7.

[note: 10]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 126 line 10 to 12.

[note: 11]First plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief, para 53.

[note: 12]AB10.

[note: 13]AB5.

[note: 14]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 60 line 32 to p 61 line 8.

[note: 15]AB6.

[note: 16]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 101 line 31 to p 102 line 30.

[note: 17]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 101 line 5-30.

[note: 18]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 101 line 5-30.

[note: 19]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 95 line1-8.

[note: 20]Notes of Evidence, 23 January 2013, p 4 line 27-32.

[note: 21]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 100 line 12-14.

[note: 22]Notes of Evidence, 23 January 2013, p 2 line 32 to p 3 line 3.

[note: 23]AB138, para 9.

[note: 24]AB29, AB32.

[note: 25]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 112 line 30 to p113 line 2; 23
January 2013, p 6 line 8-12.

[note: 26]Notes of Evidence, 23 January 2013, p 7 line 9-11; p 10 line 10-18.

[note: 27]AB71.

[note: 28]Notes of Evidence, 23 January 2013, p 11 line 28 to p 12 line 7.

[note: 29]AB70.

[note: 30]AB75.

[note: 31]First plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief, paragraph 96.

[note: 32]First plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief, page 127.

[note: 33]First plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief, page 134.

[note: 34]AB126

[note: 35]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 337.

[note: 36]First plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief, paragraph 132 to
137.

[note: 37]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, p 168.

[note: 38]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 1 line 31 to page 2 line 2.

[note: 39]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 2 line 22-28.

[note: 40]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 2 line 8-9.

[note: 41]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 2 line 29 to p4 line 1.

[note: 42]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 1 line 17-18.

[note: 43]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 132 line 13 to p133 line 17.

[note: 44]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 138 line 31 to page 139 line
10.

[note: 45]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 4 line 22-27.

[note: 46]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 132 line 13 to p 133 line 17.

[note: 47]_Ibid._ , p 133 lines 13-19.

[note: 48]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 6 line 12 to p 7 line 1.

[note: 49]Notes of Evidence, 14 January 2013, p 104 line 9-14.

[note: 50]Notes of Evidence, 14 January 2013, p 47 lines 7-9; p 104 lines
17-19.

[note: 51]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 60 line 32 to p 61 line 8.

[note: 52]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 61 line 14 to 15.

[note: 53]Notes of Evidence, 14 January 2013, p 65 line 15 to 24.

[note: 54]First plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief, p 146.

[note: 55]First plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief, pp 12-13.

[note: 56]Notes of Evidence, 14 January 2013, p 66 lines 21-30.

[note: 57]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions dated 20 February 2013, para 179,
page 90.

[note: 58]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 34, line 26-28.

[note: 59]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 100, line 4-5.

[note: 60]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 42 line 15.

[note: 61]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 120 line 10-21.

[note: 62]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 120 lines 20-21.

[note: 63]_Ibid._ , p 135 lines 21-29.

[note: 64]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 45 line 5-7.

[note: 65]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 95 line 27 to p 96 line 6.

[note: 66]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 45 line 21-27.

[note: 67]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 93 line 32 to p 94 line 32.

[note: 68]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 95 line 27 to p 96 line 6.

[note: 69]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 92 line 14 to p 93 line 3.

[note: 70]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 135 line 1 to p 136 line 1.

[note: 71]Notes of Evidence, 23 January 2013, p 27 line1-12.

[note: 72]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 43 line 29 to p 44 line 30.

[note: 73]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 34 line 3-19.

[note: 74]Affidavit of evidence in chief of Sega Param, para 1; Notes of
Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 39, line 1.

[note: 75]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 41 line 26.

[note: 76]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 33 line13-17.

[note: 77]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 229.

[note: 78]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 248.

[note: 79]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 239.

[note: 80]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 230.

[note: 81]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 233.

[note: 82]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 235 and 238.

[note: 83]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 248.

[note: 84]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 6 line 12 to p7 line 1.

[note: 85]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 44, line 18-30; p 49 lines
9-23.

[note: 86]Notes of Evidence, 23 January 2013, p 27, line 1-30.

[note: 87]Notes of Evidence, 15 January 2013, p 135, line 1-14.

[note: 88]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 46, line 3-6.

[note: 89]Notes of Evidence, 23 January 2013, p 27, line 21-22.

[note: 90]Notes of Evidence, 16 January 2013, p 49, line 17-22.

[note: 91]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at para 261 .

[note: 92]Notes of Evidence, 14 January 2013, p 102 lines 6-15.

[note: 93]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, paragraphs 116-123.

[note: 94]Notes of Evidence, 14 January 2013, p 47 lines 7-9.

[note: 95]_Ibid._ , p 46 lines 20-12.

[note: 96]Notes of Evidence, 14 January 2013, p 104 lines 9-14.

[note: 97]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 267 to 270.

[note: 98]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, at para 32.

[note: 99]Defendant’s closing submissions at 269 – 270.

[note: 100]Defendant’s affidavit of evidence in chief, para 128 to 131. Notes
of Evidence, 15 January 2013, page 2 line 23 to page 3 line 12.

[note: 101]Notes of Evidence, Day 2, 15 January 2013, page 2 line 23 to page 3
line 12.

[note: 102]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at paragraph 332-333 and 338(b).

[note: 103]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions at paragraph 295.

[note: 104]Defendant’s closing submissions at paragraph 281 to 282.

[note: 105]Plaintiffs’ reply submissions at paragraph 87.

[note: 106]Notes of Evidence, Day 4, 23 January 2013, page 27 line 9 to line
22.

[note: 107]Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 314.

[note: 108]Plaintiffs’ reply submissions, paragraph 98.

[note: 109]Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1), paragraph 45(b).

[note: 110]First plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief, paragraph 112.

[note: 111]Notes of Evidence, 14 January 2013, page 7, line 9 to 25.

[note: 112]Notes of Evidence, 14 January 2013, page 9 line 19 to 24; page 16,
line 18 to 20.

[note: 113]Notes of Evidence, 14 January 2013, page 7, line 9 to 25.

[note: 114]Notes of Evidence, 14 January 2013, page 64 line 31 to page 65 line
11.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Aug 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

