Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Zulaikha Bee Binte Mohideen Abdul Kadir _v_ Quek Chek Khiang and others  
[2014] SGHC 168

Case Number| :| Suit No 636 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 August 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Adrian Tan and Lim Siok Khoon (Stamford Law Corporation)
for the plaintiff; Rajan Nair (Messrs Rajan Nair & Partners) for the
defendants.  
Parties| :|  Zulaikha Bee Binte Mohideen Abdul Kadir — Quek Chek Khiang and
others  
  
25 August 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns an unfortunate family dispute as to the beneficial
ownership over a plot of land, Lot MK26-9739M, at Joo Chiat, Singapore (“the
Land”). The fourth defendant, the estate of the late Fatimah Binte Sultan
Ibrahim (“Fatimah”), holds the legal title to the Land. Fatimah is the mother
of the plaintiff, Ms Zulaikha Bee Binte Mohideen Abdul Kader, and the third
defendant, Ms Ummuhani Umma Binte Mydin Abdul Kader. There are three houses on
the Land which has an area of 688.7 square meters or 7413 square feet. The
Land has not been subdivided. The addresses of these three houses are:

(a) 261 Joo Chiat Place (“261 JCP”);

(b) 261A Joo Chiat Place (“261A JCP”); and

(c) 263 Joo Chiat Place (“263 JCP”).

2 The first defendant, Madam Quek Chek Kiang was not involved in these
proceedings as she had already been dealt with. The plaintiff had obtained
judgement in default of appearance against her on 6 February 2013. Therefore
the plaintiff’s action is against the remaining three defendants who have
counter-claimed against the plaintiff.

3 During the course of the trial, both the plaintiff and the defendants agreed
that 263 JCP is beneficially owned by Mr Haji Mohamed Abdul Kader (“Abdul
Kader”), the brother-in-law of the plaintiff and the third defendant. In the
course of the trial the parties agreed that the plaintiff is the beneficial
owner of 261 JCP. However, in the defendants’ reply to the plaintiff’s closing
submissions it seems that the defendants have had a change of heart.
Therefore, this court takes it that the dispute relates to the beneficial
ownership of 261 and 261A JCP.

4 The plaintiff seeks to establish her beneficial ownership over 261 JCP and
261A JCP by way of a trust deed executed by the plaintiff and Fatimah on 7
June 1971 (“the 1971 Trust Deed”). In the trust deed, Fatimah declared that
she was to hold the Land as trustee for the plaintiff, the beneficiary. The
defendants resist the plaintiff’s claim by alleging that the 1971 Trust Deed
is invalid on several grounds. Furthermore, even if the 1971 Trust Deed is
valid, they argued that the plaintiff is barred by the doctrine of laches and
the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Limitation Act”) from
enforcing the 1971 Trust Deed. Lastly, they also argued that the document
embodying the 1971 Trust Deed is inadmissible as evidence of an express trust
in favour of the plaintiff because of the failure to register the 1971 Trust
Deed.

5 The second and third defendants also counterclaim for the beneficial
interest in 261A JCP. They allege that Fatimah had orally promised to give
261A JCP to the third defendant.

Facts

Background

6 The Land was first purchased by Mr Mohamed Hidayatullah Sahib (“Sahib”), the
late husband of the plaintiff, on 13 April 1956 for $9,200.[note: 1] On 13
April 1960, Sahib conveyed the Land to Fatimah for $11,000 by way of a deed of
conveyance (“the 1960 Conveyance”).[note: 2] Fatimah mortgaged the Land to
Sahib for $10,000 on the same day.[note: 3]

7 Fatimah then leased 261A JCP to Mr K A Abdul Razak (“Razak”), the husband
and father of the third defendant and second defendant respectively, on 20
September 1981 for $50 per month.[note: 4] Razak paid rent to Fatimah
initially. According to the third defendant, a few years thereafter Fatimah
told Razak to give the rent monies to her instead and Razak stopped paying
rent to Fatimah.[note: 5] On 15 January 1962 Razak subleased 261A JCP to Mr
Toh Chong Kim (“Toh”), the late husband of the first defendant, for $50 per
month.[note: 6] The third defendant alleged that Razak was responsible for the
payment of the property tax from 1961 onwards.[note: 7]

8 On 27 February 1967, Fatimah executed a trust deed _vis-à-vis_ 263 JCP (“the
1967 Trust Deed”) in the presence of an advocate and solicitor, Mr Doraisamy
Ramasamy. She declared that she was to hold 263 JCP as trustee for Abdul
Kader, the beneficiary. PW1, Mr Ebrahim Marican Bin Esmail Sahib, a friend of
Sahib, and Mr Mohamed Yousoff signed off as witnesses of the execution of the
1967 Trust Deed.[note: 8] The 1967 Trust Deed was registered with the Registry
of Deeds on the same day.[note: 9] The parties do not dispute the 1967 Trust
Deed and thus agree that Abdul Kader is the beneficial owner of 263 JCP.

The 1971 Trust Deed

9 The 1971 Trust Deed was executed on 7 June 1971 in the presence of another
advocate and solicitor, DW2, Madam Wu Eng Eng Jeanne. Fatimah’s right thumb
print was affixed to the 1971 Trust Deed. PW1 also signed off as a witness of
the 1971 Trust Deed together with DW2’s clerk, Mr Seah Kheng Hock
(“Seah”).[note: 10] In the 1971 Trust Deed, Fatimah declared that she was to
hold the Land on trust for the benefit of the plaintiff. The 1971 Trust Deed
was not registered.

10 On the same day Fatimah also mortgaged the Land to Mr Wee Keng Kiat (“Wee”)
for $8,000. The indenture of statutory mortgage was also executed in the
presence of DW2 (“the 1971 Mortgage”).[note: 11] The 1971 Mortgage was
registered with the Registry of Deeds on 13 August 1971.[note: 12]

The state of affairs of 261A JCP after the execution of the 1971 Trust Deed

11 The state of affairs regarding the occupation of 261A JCP did not change
after the execution of the 1971 Trust Deed. Toh continued to stay at 261A JCP
and paid rent to Razak who kept the rental monies. After Toh passed away, his
family continued to reside at 261A JCP and paid rent to Razak. Razak also
continued to pay for the property tax up till 2006.[note: 13] Neither the
plaintiff nor Fatimah took issue with such an arrangement.

12 The state of affairs persisted after Sahib passed away in 1992. In 1996
Fatimah passed away. In 2001 the plaintiff started to assert her interest over
261A JCP.

Initial attempts by the plaintiff to recover 261A JCP

13 On 28 March 2001, PW2, Mr Mohamed Mohidin Habibullah Bin Hidayathullah
(“Habibullah”), the plaintiff’s son, issued a notice to quit to Razak
demanding that 261A JCP be vacated by 30 April 2001.[note: 14] PW2 took this
action after the Control of Rent Act (Cap 58, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Control of
Rent Act”) was repealed on 1 April 2001. 261A JCP was still subleased to the
first defendant. At that time Razak was in poor health and his affairs were
managed by the second and third defendants.

14 261A JCP was not vacated by 30 April 2001. PW2 then entered into a separate
tenancy agreement with the first defendant to lease 261A JCP from 1 August
2001 to 31 July 2003 at a rent of $900 per month. There was also an option to
renew the lease for a period of one year at a revised rent.[note: 15]
Thereafter, the first defendant stopped paying rent to Razak.

15 The Land was brought under the Torrens system on 20 February 2002 and
Fatimah was registered as the proprietor of the Land.[note: 16]

Countermeasures undertaken by the second defendant

16 The second defendant, acting on behalf of Razak, then commenced proceedings
against the first defendant on 14 July 2003 to recover arrears of rent and
possession of 261A JCP.[note: 17] The plaintiff was not made a party in the
proceedings. The first defendant entered an appearance in the proceedings on
20 August 2003 and filed a defence on 4 November 2003. Razak passed away on 25
April 2004 and the second defendant was made a party to proceedings on 16
November 2004 to continue the action against the first defendant.[note: 18]

17 On 24 June 2005, the first defendant and the second defendant entered into
a settlement agreement. The first defendant agreed to surrender possession of
the premises to the second defendant. She also agreed to pay a sum of $3,000
to the second defendant as settlement for the arrears of rent. The second
defendant then entered into a tenancy agreement with the first defendant on
the same day to lease 261A JCP to the first defendant from 1 July 2005 to 30
December 2005.

18 Prior to the settlement agreement PW2 had entered into an oral lease
agreement on a month to month basis for $800 per month regarding 261A
JCP.[note: 19] However, as a result of the proceedings between the first
defendant and the second defendant, the first defendant stopped paying rent to
PW2 on 16 January 2005.[note: 20]

19 Upon the expiry of the tenancy agreement, the first defendant gave vacant
possession of 261A JCP to the second defendant on 20 December 2005.[note: 21]

The proceedings leading up to this dispute

20 On 10 May 2006, the plaintiff and PW2 commenced proceedings in the District
Court against the first defendant and the second defendant to recover
possession of 261A JCP and arrears of rent (“DC 1722/2006”). The claim was
dismissed on 4 December 2010 on the grounds that the District Court did not
have jurisdiction to hear the matter and that the proceedings should have been
commenced in the High Court.[note: 22]

21 The plaintiff, thereafter, commenced the present suit in the High Court
against the defendants. Only the second, third and fourth defendants
participated in the proceedings. The first defendant had already vacated
possession of 261A JCP to the second defendant on 31 December 2005. She no
longer resided at 261A JCP and did not enter an appearance in this suit. A
default judgment was accordingly entered against the first defendant.

The witnesses

22 PW1 and PW2 were witnesses for the plaintiff. The second defendant, the
third defendant and DW2 were witnesses for the defendants. The defendants also
sought to call the plaintiff as a defence witness. The plaintiff’s counsel
objected to this application as she had been diagnosed by Dr Adrian Wang, a
consultant psychiatrist at Gleneagles Medical Centre, to be suffering from
dementia which impairs her cognitive functions.[note: 23] She no longer has
the mental capacity to retain or understand relevant information related to
the suit and would not have been able to follow court proceedings or advise
counsel. She is therefore unfit to appear as witness. This is the reason why
PW2 was appointed as the litigation representative for the plaintiff on 18
December 2012. For these reasons the plaintiff’s counsel did not call the
plaintiff as part of the plaintiff’s case.

23 The defendants’ counsel accepted the findings and diagnosis of Dr Wang.
Hence the defence did not have a medical report to rebut Dr Wang’s prognosis.
Despite the plaintiff’s medical condition the defendants’ counsel urged the
court to call her as a witness. The defendants’ counsel cited s 120 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Evidence Act”) to support his
application:

**Who may tesfify**

**120.** All persons shall be competent to testify unless the court considers
that they are prevented from understanding the questions put to them or from
giving rational answers to those questions by tender years, extreme old age,
disease, whether of body or mind, or any other cause of the same kind.

_Explanation_ —A lunatic is not incompetent to testify unless he is prevented
by his lunacy from understanding the questions put to him and giving rational
answers to them.

24 According to Dr Wang’s report the plaintiff is also wheelchair bound,
elderly and frail. In view of her dementia and other mental conditions the
court is of the opinion that her evidence would be unreliable as she would not
be able to appreciate and understand the questions put to her. Hence I
disallowed the defendants’ counsel’s application to call the plaintiff.

The issues

25 There are several issues in this case:

(a) What is the effect of non-registration of the 1971 Trust Deed on its
legality?

(b) Is the 1971 Trust Deed inherently valid?

(c) Is this action time barred under the Limitation Act?

(d) Does the defence of laches apply in this case?

26 The most important and pivotal issue is on the validity of the 1971 Trust
Deed. The plaintiff’s case hinges on this issue. The other issues are the
defendants’ grounds against the plaintiff’s case. Both parties are competing
for 261A JCP for different reasons. This explains the defendants’
counterclaims, which I shall deal with later.

What is the effect of non-registration of the1971 Trust Deed on its legality?

27 It is not disputed that the most important document in this trial, the 1971
Trust Deed, was not registered. What is the effect of non-registration of the
1971 Trust Deed on its legality? The defendants submitted that s 4 of the
Registration of Deeds Act (Cap 269, 1989 Rev Ed) (“RODA”) renders the 1971
Trust Deed inadmissible as a result of its non-registration. The plaintiff
argued that it is not a requirement to register a trust deed although a trust
deed must be in writing as prescribed under s 7 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43,
1999 Rev Ed) (“the Civil Law Act”).

28 In addressing this issue I shall refer to s 4 of the RODA to ascertain
whether the defendants’ submissions that non-registration of trust deed render
it inadmissible. The basic determination is whether s 4 of the RODA applies to
a trust deed. This provision states:

**All instruments affecting land may be registered**

**4.** Subject to this Act and the rules, all assurances executed or made, and
all probates and letters of administration granted, before or after 30th
November 1988 by which any land within Singapore is affected and which have
not been registered under any repealed enactment, may be registered in such
manner as is hereinafter directed, and unless so registered shall not be
admissible in any court as evidence of title to such land.

29 Section 4 of the RODA does not seem to apply to trust deeds. However, it
refers to “assurance” which is defined in s 2(1) of the RODA as follows:

… “assurance” includes any conveyance, memorandum of charge or discharge, deed
of consent to the discharge of a trustee, private Act, order of court or
certificate of appointment of trustee in bankruptcy ...

30 Under this definition , a reference is made to “conveyance” which is
defined as follows:

… “conveyance” includes any assignment, appointment, lease or settlement made
by deed on a sale, mortgage, demise or settlement of any land or appointment
of a new trustee in respect thereof which has been executed by one or more of
the parties by whom any interest in the land is thereby conveyed ...

31 The definitions of “assurance” and “conveyance” also do not seem to include
trust deeds. However, the defendants’ counsel relied on two cases that dealt
with trust deeds that were not registered under the RODA as authority that a
declaration of trust is an “assurance” or “conveyance” which must be
registered under s 4 of the RODA. These cases were considered extensively by
MPH Rubin J in _Chong Poh Siew v Chong Poh Heng_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 188 (“ _Chong
Poh Siew_ ”) and he observed at [42]–[45]:

42 The foregoing commentary aside, the applicability of s 4 of the Act as
respects unregistered documents came up for discussion in at least two decided
cases in Singapore. The principles enunciated in the cases are extremely
instructive and provide useful guidelines and assistance to the resolution of
issues raised in the case at hand. In  _A P Ismail Saiboo v Quah Beng Kay and
N R M N Raman Chitty_ [1895] 3 SSLR 23, the plaintiff therein claimed that the
property in question was held in trust for him and another. The trust was not
registered on the Register of Deeds. Leach J, in holding that an unregistered
declaration of trust will not, in the absence of special circumstances, hold
good against the legal estate acquired by a subsequent equitable mortgagee
(under a foreclosure decree obtained by him without any knowledge of trust and
duly registered), observed at 27:

... it is a principle of natural equity universally applicable that where one
man allows another to hold himself out as the owner of an estate and a third
person  _purchases it for value from the apparent owner in the belief that he
is the real owner, the man who so allows the other to hold himself out shall
not be permitted to recover upon his secret title unless he can overthrow that
of the purchaser by showing that he had direct notice or something that
amounts to constructive notice of the real title_ , or that there existed
circumstances which ought to have put him upon an enquiry which, if
prosecuted, would have led to the discovery of it.

... The principle that as between equitable interests he who has the better
equity is entitled to priority seems to be involved in the universal principle
...

[emphasis added]

43 He further observed at 28:

He [the plaintiff] took no steps when the purchase was effected nor
subsequently to get his interest in the property placed on the Register of
Deeds and only in this year does he reveal his secret title. ... The plaintiff
has acted in a careless, unbusinesslike manner. The legislature has provided
machinery whereby he could, if he had chosen, have preserved evidence of his
title and he has failed to make use of it.

44 In another Straits Settlement case of  _Lim Seng Keang v Lim Ah Chan_
[1928] SSLR 241, a settlor executed a deed purporting to convey certain lands
in consideration of love and affection. The deed was not registered in the
Registry of Deeds. The settlor subsequently executed another deed which was
duly registered. By his originating summons the plaintiff prayed,  _inter
alia_ , for a declaration that the unregistered deed of 15 January 1908
created a good and valid trust and that the registered deed of 27 December
1915 by the same grantor in respect of the same land is null and void. The
court held that the registered conveyance had priority over the unregistered
one and that a person claiming under an unregistered deed gains no priority by
being permitted to put his deed in evidence.

45 The foregoing cases enunciate the principle that  _in the absence of
special circumstances_ an unregistered declaration of trust will not hold good
against a  _legal estate acquired subsequently_ …

32 Rubin J proceeded to hold at [50]–[51] that:

50 … [it is] a cardinal principle that courts will not hesitate to rectify the
register in proper cases to do justice particularly when the issue relates to
the obligation of a trustee  _vis-à-vis_ the beneficiary.

51 The dispute at hand does not involve any third party nor an innocent
purchaser for value without notice of any trust. Neither does it involve a
legal estate acquired subsequently. Here the dispute relates to two documents
executed at about the same time. The issue in this case concerns the core of
the trust itself. Inasmuch as the said document had been admitted by both
parties as having been executed and placed before the court in the agreed
bundle to decide on its true purport, any endeavour by the plaintiff to seek
protection behind the registration provisions of the Act so as to prevent the
court from inquiring into the actual nature of the transaction between the
plaintiff and Mdm Chong, cannot be countenanced since the issue for resolution
is whether there was in fact a trust and whether the trustee is trying to
avoid his obligation under the trust. The authorities referred to do not
decide otherwise and the special circumstances of the case do require the
court to go behind the register and arrive at a finding as to the true nature
of the transaction between Mdm Chong and the plaintiff.

33 Thus in _Chong Poh Siew_ Rubin J recognised the trust deed as valid albeit
not registered. It is therefore clear that as between the registered
proprietor who is the trustee and the beneficiary, s 4 of the RODA “is no bar
to a proper vindication of the true proprietary relationship between them”:
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 9(3) (LexisNexis, 2012 Reissue) at para
110.448. To do so will be to allow the trustee a convenient escape to
obligations which he or she clearly undertook to observe under the trust.

34 In this case, the plaintiff is seeking to exercise her rights as a
beneficiary against Fatimah, the trustee and the registered proprietor of the
Land. There is no issue of a subsequent acquisition of legal title by another
party. The first defendant is also no longer a tenant at 261A JCP. In the
circumstances, I find that the 1971 Trust Deed is admissible as evidence
notwithstanding its non-registration so as to achieve a “proper vindication”
of the “true proprietary relationship” between the plaintiff and the fourth
defendant.

35 In any event, I would also like to add that I am not convinced that trusts
are registrable under s 4 of the RODA. It is questionable whether a
declaration of trust falls under the definitions of “assurance” and
“convenience” under s 2(1) of the RODA. As was observed in Frederick Guy
Stevens, _The Registration of Deeds Ordinance_ (Kelly & Walsh, 1922), at p 61:

It may perhaps be mentioned here that the Ordinance does not appear to have
any effect on trusts, express or implied, as to which the ordinary law
prevails. A declaration of trust, it seems, not being within the normal or
extended meaning of the words “assurance” and “conveyance” is not a
registrable document.

36 This passage dealt with the predecessor to the RODA and has interpretative
value _vis-à-vis_ the RODA. Furthermore, as seen in _Chong Poh Siew_ and the
cases discussed therein, courts have always been more concerned with the
particular circumstances of the case than with s 4 of the RODA (or other
equivalent provisions) when dealing with unregistered trusts. Furthermore, it
would appear rather curious that trusts must still be registered under s 4 of
the RODA even though they are “kept off the register” _vis-à-vis_ the Land
Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Land Titles Act”): Tan Sook Yee, Tang
Hang Wu & Kelvin FK Low,  _Tan Sook Yee's Principles of Singapore Land Law_
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2009) at para 14.88.

37 At the time the 1971 Trust Deed was executed the Land was under the RODA.
Now the applicable statute is the Land Titles Act. I am of the view that the
non-registration of the 1971 Trust Deed _per se_ does not make it inadmissible
as evidence and it also does not affect its validity.

Is the 1971 Trust Deed inherently valid?

38 The defendants did not allege that the 1971 Trust Deed was a forgery.
Nevertheless, they alleged that it is not valid on three grounds. They first
contended that Fatimah did not sign the 1971 Trust Deed. Secondly, they
submitted that Fatimah did not understand the document that she signed.
Thirdly, the 1971 Trust Deed was a sham document that was not intended to be a
legal and enforceable document as it was poorly drafted and not registered.

39 The plaintiff’s case is that the 1971 Trust Deed is a legal document that
was executed by Fatimah and the plaintiff before an advocate and solicitor
DW2. This document was interpreted and explained to Fatimah before she
appended her thumb print on the 1971 Trust Deed.

Whether Fatimah append her right thumb print on the 1971 Trust Deed

40 It was the defendants’ position at the start of the trial in their opening
statement that Fatimah did not sign the 1971 Trust Deed. However, in the
course of the proceedings they did not pursue strongly with this ground. On
this issue, it is apposite to refer to s 92 of the Evidence Act which provides
that:

**Presumption as to documents 30 years old**

**92.** Where any document purporting or proved to be 30 years old is produced
from any custody which the court in the particular case considers proper, the
court may presume that the signature and every other part of such document
which purports to be in the handwriting of any particular person is in that
person’s handwriting, and in the case of a document executed or attested, that
it was duly executed and attested by the persons by whom it purports to be
executed and attested.

41 Section 92 applies to documents that are not less than 30 years old. The
1971 Trust Deed is about 43 years old. The document was produced from the
custody of the plaintiff. The defendants are not alleging that the 1971 Trust
Deed is a forgery. Therefore, there is nothing on the face of it to give rise
to any suspicion as to its authenticity. The 1971 Trust Deed must hence be
presumed to be genuine and duly executed unless proven otherwise. The burden
would then lie on the defendants to show that Fatimah’s right thumb print
affixed to the 1971 Trust Deed is a forgery. They could not do so and it is
not surprising that they hardly pursued this line of argument in this trial.

42 Therefore s 92 of the Evidence Act presumed that the 1971 Trust Deed was
duly and properly executed and attested by Fatimah.

Whether Fatimah understood the 1971 Trust Deed

43 Notwithstanding the presumption under s 92 of the Evidence Act it is
prudent for the court to nevertheless ascertain whether Fatimah understood the
1971 Trust Deed when she attested her right thumb print on it. This is
critical when this ground was strenuously contested by the defendants.

44 The defendants contended that Fatimah was unable to read and write English.
This is not disputed by the plaintiff. The defendants argued that Fatimah
would not be able to read and understand the contents of the 1971 Trust Deed
when she signed it because no one interpreted it to her. A document can only
be duly executed if the party understands the contents of the document. As
explained above s 92 of the Evidence Act presumes that Fatimah understood the
contents of the 1971 Trust Deed. The burden of proof therefore lies on the
defendants to show that Fatimah did not understand the contents of the 1971
Trust Deed. In this regard, it is the plaintiff’s position that the contents
of the 1971 Trust Deed were interpreted to Fatimah by both PW1 and Seah who
also signed as witnesses to the execution of the 1971 Trust Deed.

Whether PW1 interpreted the 1971 Trust Deed to Fatimah

45 PW1 testified that he interpreted the contents of the 1971 Trust Deed to
Fatimah twice. He first interpreted a draft of the 1971 Trust Deed to Fatimah
two to three weeks before the 1971 Trust Deed was executed. He then
interpreted the 1971 Trust Deed to Fatimah on the day it was executed at DW2’s
office. The defendants submitted that PW1’s testimony cannot be relied upon
due to the many inconsistencies with his testimony in DC 1722/2006.
Furthermore, the defendants submitted that PW1’s inability to recall details
of the events he testified to makes his testimony unsafe. For example, PW1
took inconsistent positions as to whether he had interpreted the 1971 Mortgage
to Fatimah. He also failed to mention his interpretation of the draft of the
1971 Trust Deed to Fatimah in DC 1722/2006. What was most glaring was the many
inconsistencies between his two testimonies _vis-à-vis_ the background facts
leading up to the 1971 Trust Deed, such as the reasons behind Sahib conveying
the Land to Fatimah.

46 I note that PW1 is 81 years old and that, for a man of such an old age,
recalling events that occurred more than 43 years ago is not an easy task.
There are therefore bound to be inconsistencies between his testimonies in the
two suits. In this regard, I also bear in mind the observation made by Abdul
Hamid J in _Chean Siong Guat v Public Prosecutor_ [1969] 2 MLJ 63 at 63–64
which was approved by the Court of Appeal in _Osman bin Din v Public
Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 419 at [41] :

Discrepancies may, in my view, be found in any case for the simple reason that
no two persons can describe the same thing in exactly the same way. Sometimes
what may appear to be discrepancies are in reality different ways of
describing the same thing, or it may happen that the witnesses who are
describing the same thing might have seen it in different ways and at
different times and that is how discrepancies are likely to arise. These
discrepancies may either be minor or serious discrepancies. Absolute truth is
I think beyond human perception and conflicting versions of an incident, even
by honest and disinterested witnesses, is a common experience. In weighing the
testimony of witnesses, human fallibility in observation, retention and
recollection are often recognized by the court. Being a question of fact, what
a magistrate need do is to consider the discrepancies. ... On the other hand,
if the magistrate finds that the discrepancies do not detract from the value
of the testimony of the witness or witnesses, it would then be proper for him
to regard the discrepancies as trivial and ignore them. On the other hand, if
the magistrate finds that the discrepancies relate to a material point which
would seriously affect the value of the testimony of the witness or witnesses
then it would be his duty to weigh the evidence carefully in arriving at the
truth ...

47 There were indeed, many inconsistencies in PW1’s testimony. A certain
degree of latitude must be given in light of “human fallibility in
observation, retention and recollection” particularly in this case which
focuses on events occurring more than four decades ago. Be that as it may, I
agree with the defendants that there are many discrepancies in PW1’s
testimony. It is therefore necessary to regard PW1’s evidence with great
caution. I should not take the easy way out and jettison his entire testimony,
as suggested by the defendants, on the ground that there are many
inconsistencies. It is the duty of this court to “sift the grain from the
chaff”: _Public Prosecutor v Tan Kok Siong Robin_ [2004] SGDC 224 at [201]
citing _Abdul Gani v State of Madhya Pradesh_ [1954] AIR (SC) 31 at 34–35. The
inconsistencies in relation to the background facts are not material to his
interpretation of the 1971 Trust Deed to Fatimah. Moreover, much of what PW1
testified regarding the background and reasons for the 1971 Trust Deed was
hearsay, such as his conversation with Sahib who later died in 1992. This is
therefore inadmissible evidence.

48 This court must remain focused on the fundamental issue of whether Fatimah
understood the 1971 Trust Deed before she appended her right thumb print on
the Trust Deed. PW1’s testimony as to how he interpreted the 1971 Trust Deed
to Fatimah at DW2’s office is consistent with that in DC 1722/2006. Parts of
his testimony were also corroborated by DW2. For example, his account of how
the 1971 Trust Deed was executed at DW2’s office on 7 June 1971 and the
parties’ presence is largely similar to DW2’s account.

49 I also note that during the course of the trial, the defendants’ counsel
made PW1 demonstrate how he interpreted the 1971 Trust Deed to Fatimah by
interpreting 1971 Trust Deed to the court Malay interpreter paragraph by
paragraph. The latter confirmed that PW1 had interpreted the 1971 Trust Deed
correctly and properly. This showed that PW1 was proficient to adequately
interpret and explain the 1971 Trust Deed to Fatimah. I am aware that this
demonstration is with the benefit of hindsight. However, if PW1 “failed” this
test then it shows that in all probability he may not have been able to
interpret to Fatimah unless he has a good explanation.

50 The defendants also raised the issue that according to PW1’s testimony,
Fatimah did not ask any questions when the 1971 Trust Deed was interpreted to
her. They argued that it is impossible that Fatimah did not ask any questions
when the interpretation concerned such a convoluted document. This argument
may not necessarily be logical as this was not the first time Fatimah had
executed a trust deed. She had previously executed the 1967 Trust Deed that
was just as convoluted as the 1971 Trust Deed. Therefore, Fatimah was already
familiar with the nature of the 1971 Trust Deed when it was executed since she
could draw upon her experience when she executed the 1967 Trust Deed. PW1 was
also one of the witnesses for the 1967 Trust Deed. Fatimah had also executed
other legal documents such as an indenture of mortgage in 1960 and a power of
attorney in 1989. I notice that the defendants did not take any issue with
other legal documents executed by Fatimah.

51 The 1971 Trust Deed may appear convoluted but if PW1 was able to interpret
and explain it simply so that Fatimah could understand there might not be any
question from her especially when she knew and agreed to the purpose of the
1971 Trust Deed. Despite PW1’s inconsistencies I am of the view that it is
safe to accept PW1’s evidence that he interpreted and explained the 1971 Trust
Deed to Fatimah.

Whether Seah interpreted the 1971 Trust Deed to Fatimah

52 Seah was a staff of DW2 who interpreted the 1971 Trust Deed to Fatimah on
the day she was in DW2’s office to append her right thumb print on the 1971
Trust Deed. However, Seah could not be found and was therefore, not called as
a witness. It is pertinent to note that DW2 was called by the defendants to
testify as regarding the execution of the 1971 Trust Deed. According to DW2,
Seah was her former conveyancing clerk who was very well conversant with the
Malay language. She also confirmed that he was accustomed to interpreting
conveyancing documents and could be relied upon to interpret them.[note: 24]

53 However, DW2 also testified that she could not remember the specific facts
surrounding the execution of the 1971 Trust Deed. This is understandable as
this event took place about 43 years ago. She could only testify that her
usual practice was to have Seah interpret the document to parties who
understood the Malay language but were unable to understand English. The
interpretation would be done in her presence. DW2 in her affidavit of
evidence-in-chief filed in DC 1722/2006 stated that “I can say that the
contents of the Trust Deed were read over to both the Trustee and the
Purchaser in Malay by Seah Kheng Hock and understood by them before they
signed”. DW2 further testified in DC 1722/2006 that “[w]hen my clerk is
explaining the contents of a Deed to the client, I would be seated there. The
Trust Deed was explained to the Trustee and the beneficiary while I was seated
there".[note: 25] She would then ask the parties if they understood the
document and she would only have them sign the document if they gave an
affirmative response.[note: 26]

54 The defendants argued that DW2’s testimony is not capable of proving the
fact that Seah had interpreted the 1971 Trust Deed to Fatimah since there is
no guarantee that her usual practice was adopted _vis-à-vis_ the execution of
the 1971 Trust Deed. There is no evidence or basis for the defendants to make
such serious allegation against their own witness. There is not an iota of
evidence to suggest that DW2 did not follow the usual practice in this case.
DW2’s testimony to my queries in court indicated clearly that both Fatimah and
the plaintiff understood the 1971 Trust Deed:[note: 27]

Court: Ms Wu, I’ll like to bring you to the time when they---when the two
ladies---the two Malay ladies, one is Fatimah and one is Zulaikha---

Witness: Mm.

Court: ---where they have appended their signatures into this trust deed.

Witness: Yes, Your Honour.

Court: Okay? Now bring yourself to that day. Did these two ladies give you any
indication that they may not have understood the trust deed at all before they
pen their signatures?

Witness: Well, I---we have this Mr Seah.

Court: I know you have Mr Seah as interpreter.

Witness: Yes, and then he explained---explained to her---

Court: Right.

Witness: ---to them and the---I did ask them whether they understood or not;
they said “yes” then we signed it. In normal cases, I’ll ask any---whether
they understood the explanation; and if there is anything, you can ask.

Court: And in this particular case, they understood?

Witness: Yes. In every cases, Your Honour, and explained in this case.

55 Furthermore DW2 testified that Seah was an experienced conveyancing clerk
who was accustomed to interpreting conveyancing documents to clients:[note:
28]

QRoughly, how long had Mr Seah been with the firm of R Ramason?

AHe was with us for several years. But before that, he was the conveyancing
clerk somewhere else. I can’t remember where---where he came from. But he was
working for us for several years as at 1971.

QWould you say Mr Seah was an experienced conveyancing clerk?

AYes, he was.

QMr Seah was accustomed to interpreting conveyancing documents?

AYes.

QMr Seah could be relied upon to interpret conveyancing documents?

AYes.

56 DW2 is an impartial, independent as well as a reliable and creditable
witness. I am therefore satisfied that DW2 had ensured Seah interpreted the
1971 Trust Deed to Fatimah and that she understood the contents of the 1971
Trust Deed.

57 It is interesting to note that the defendants accepted the validity of the
1971 Mortgage as they have not challenged it. This would mean that they accept
that Fatimah understood the contents of the 1971 Mortgage, which was also in
English and is convoluted. The 1971 Mortgage was executed on the same day as
the 1971 Trust Deed at DW2’s office. Both PW1 and Seah signed off as witnesses
of the 1971 Mortgage. Since they accept the fact that Fatimah understood the
1971 Mortgage, I find their objection to the 1971 Trust Deed on the ground
that Seah and/or PW1 did not interpret the 1971 Trust Deed baseless. If this
is so, then there is no rational explanation for why the 1971 Mortgage was
interpreted to Fatimah but not the 1971 Trust Deed. It is unwise for the
defendants to cherry pick. If they accept the fact that Fatimah understood the
1971 Mortgage, then, in the absence of strong reasons to the contrary, they
must also accept the fact that she understood the 1971 Trust Deed. For these
reasons, I find that Fatimah understood the contents of the 1971 Trust Deed
when she executed it.

Whether the 1971 Trust Deed is a sham

58 The position in relation to sham documents was summarised by Lai Siu Chiu J
in the recent decision of _Belfield International (Hong Kong) Ltd v Sheagar
s/o T M Veloo_ [2014] 1 SLR 24 at [33]–[34]:

33 A document is a sham if all the parties thereto have a common intention
that the document was not to create the legal rights and obligations which it
gives the appearance of creating:  _Snook v London and West Riding Investments
Ltd_ [1967] 2 QB 786 at 802;  _Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter_
[2010] SGHC 163 at [112]. In other words, a sham transaction is one which is
good in form but false in fact: _TKM (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Export Credit
Insurance Corp of Singapore Ltd_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 858 at [41].

34 The person alleging that a document is a sham has the burden of proving
that the parties intended the document to be a pretence, and there is a very
strong presumption that the parties intended to be bound by the provisions of
the agreements which they entered into:  _Chng Bee Kheng v Chng Eng Chye_
[2013] 2 SLR 715 at [51];  _National Westminster Bank plc v Jones_ [2001] 1
BCLC 98 at [59].

59 In the case of a trust the court will refuse to enforce a trust that
appears to be validly created if it was intended to be a “sham” and that the
owner had no real intention to subject his or her property to a trust. The
burden of proof is on the defendants to show that Fatimah did not intend to
hold 261 JCP and 261 A JCP on trust for the plaintiff despite executing the
1971 Trust Deed.

60 Much emphasis was placed by the defendants on the second and third
paragraphs of the 1971 Trust Deed where it was stated that:[note: 29]

WHEREAS by an Indenture of Conveyance (hereinafter called “the Conveyance”)
dated the 13th day of April, 1960 (Registered in Volume 1374 No. 174) and made
between Hidayatullah Sahib (s/o Mohamed Mohideen Alim Sahib) of the one part
and the Trustee of the other part in consideration of the sum of $11,000/-
paid by the Trustee as therein mentioned the freehold land and premises
described in the Schedule hereto was conveyed to the Trustee in fee simple.

AND WHEREAS the purchase price of $11,000.00 was provided by the Purchaser
[the plaintiff] and the said property was conveyed to the Trustee [Fatimah] as
trustee for the Purchaser as the Trustee hereby admits and acknowledges.

61 The purchase price of $11,000 referred to here is the purchase price
purportedly paid by Fatimah to Sahib under the 1960 Conveyance. These
paragraphs state that the $11,000 was actually paid by the plaintiff and not
Fatimah and that Fatimah had actually received the Land under the 1960
Conveyance as trustee for the plaintiff.

62 According to PW1, after Sahib purchased the Land in 1956, he and his
brother who ran a business together were involved in disputes. To keep the
Land out of his brother’s hands, Sahib and Fatimah executed the 1960
Conveyance. Fatimah did not pay the purchase price of $11,000 and always
regarded herself as simply lending her name to the Land. As a result of this
arrangement, everything Fatimah did with the Land was upon Sahib’s
instructions. This would include the 1967 Trust Deed. Most of this version of
the events came from PW1’s testimony, which, as I have mentioned above (at
[47]), is riddled with inconsistencies and appears to be hearsay.

63 The defendants contend that this is untrue and that Fatimah had the means
to pay the $11,000 herself. This is a bare assertion, speculative and also
appears to be hearsay. On this premise the defendants argued that the basis
for executing the 1971 Trust Deed as stated in the second paragraph would be
false. The 1971 Trust Deed must then be a sham.

64 Unfortunately, both the plaintiff’s and the defendants’ versions of events
cannot be properly and reliably verified with acceptable evidence. Both
parties had also introduced conjecture, speculation and opinion not based on
admissible evidence in the course of the proceedings as key witnesses were not
available, _eg_ , Fatimah, Sahib, Seah, plaintiff, _etc_. Nonetheless, the
burden rests on the defendants to prove their case that the 1971 Trust Deed is
a sham and not the plaintiff. As I have earlier explained that the contents of
the 1971 Trust Deed were interpreted and explained to Fatimah she must have
accepted the truth of its contents therein otherwise she would not have
appended her right thumb print on this document. Thus the contents of the 1971
Trust Deed are, on a balance of probabilities, true. The onus is on the
defendants to prove the lack of intention on the part of Fatimah to hold the
Land on trust for the plaintiff and they have failed to prove this. I am
therefore of the view that the 1971 Trust Deed is not a sham.

65 The defendants also rely on the non-registration of the 1971 Trust Deed as
evidence of it being a sham. They argued that unlike the 1967 Trust Deed and
the 1971 Mortgage that were registered, the 1971 Trust Deed was not registered
because it was not intended to be enforced. I do not agree. Non-registration
_per se_ is not conclusive evidence that the 1971 Trust Deed is a sham. There
are many reasons why the 1971 Trust Deed was not registered that do not point
towards it being a sham. For example, it could have been a result of plain
oversight. DW2 also was unable to explain why the 1971 Trust Deed was not
registered. This does not mean that the parties did not intend to have it
executed to create a valid express trust. Non-registration does not render a
trust invalid.

66 Moreover, DW2 maintained that the 1971 Trust Deed was intended to be a
legally enforceable trust deed:[note: 30]

QDo you agree that there was always the intention to have a legally
enforceable trust deed?

AOf course.

QOf course. If someone were to say to you that this trust deed was meant to be
a sham---would you have played any part in that?

ANo---definitely not.

QSo as far as you are concerned, this was a perfectly routine conveyancing
matter.

AYes.

QSorry, you have to speak up.

AYes.

QDo you know how many copies of the original signed trust deed there were? Do
you know how many copies of this deed were signed?

ABlank.

QNo, the actual signed trust deed. How many?

ANo. I have no idea.

QNo idea. Look at page 22, the top right-hand corner. You will see two stamps
from the stamp office including that this deed was stamped on the 22nd of June
1971, correct?

AYes.

QThat would lend support to your belief that this was meant to be a legally
enforceable trust deed.

AI agree with you, yes.

67 On the face of the 1971 Trust Deed which was duly stamped, it does not
appear to be a sham document. I am, therefore, of the opinion that the 1971
Trust Deed is a valid document that creates an express trust over 261 JCP and
261A JCP with Fatimah being the trustee and the plaintiff being the
beneficiary. The plaintiff, therefore, owns the beneficial interest in 261 JCP
and 261A JCP.

68 I shall now deal with the defendants’ other grounds against this suit.

Is this action time barred under the Limitation Act?

69 The defendants argued that this action is time barred on the basis of s
6(1)(_a_) or s 22(2) of the Limitation Act. Section 6(1)(_a_) reads:

**Limitation of actions of contract and tort and certain other actions**

**6.** —(1) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought
after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action
accrued:

(_a_) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

...

70 This suit is not an action on contract or on tort. Thus this provision is
not applicable.

71 The defendants also pleaded s 22(2) as its defence which states:

...

(2) Subject to subsection (1), an action by a beneficiary to recover trust
property or in respect of any breach of trust, not being an action for which a
period of limitation is prescribed by any other provision of this Act, shall
not be brought after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the
right of action accrued.

...

72 For s 22(2) to apply there must be a date for the right of action to accrue
so that the parties can determine whether the action is brought within the
limitation period of six years. The 1971 Trust Deed does not have a start
point for the plaintiff, the beneficiary, to exercise her rights. It is
sufficient for me to say that s 22(2) is, therefore, also not applicable. I
shall deal with this issue in greater detail when I discuss the doctrine of
laches below.

73 Moreover, s 22(2) is also subject to s 22(1) of the Limitation Act which
states:

**Limitations of actions in respect of trust property**

**22.** —(1) No period of limitation prescribed by this Act shall apply to an
action by a beneficiary under a trust, being an action —

(_a_) in respect of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust to which the
trustee was a party or privy; or

(_b_) to recover from the trustee trust property or the proceeds thereof in
the possession of the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and
converted to his use.

...

74 The 1971 Trust Deed creates an express trust and the plaintiff, as the
beneficiary, is seeking to enforce such an express trust. The defendants’
counsel accepts that if the court comes to this finding no period of
limitation applies by virtue of s 22(1)(_b_) of the Limitation Act.

75 The only issue that remains is whether the plaintiff is nonetheless barred
by the doctrine of laches.

Does the defence of laches apply in this case?

76 The doctrine of laches was comprehensively analysed in _Re Estate of Tan
Kow Quee (alias Tan Kow Kwee)_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 417 (“ _Re Estate of Tan Kow
Quee_ ”). Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) held at [33]–[34] that:

33 [The doctrine of laches reflects] a confluence of two factors: delay and
the existence of circumstances that make it inequitable to enforce the claim.
A claimant in equity is bound to pursue his claim without undue delay. Equity,
it is said, aids the vigilant and not the indolent. This stems from the fact
that as much as equity is found in flexible applications of the law designed
to secure a just result, it is apt to seek recourse in equity when the
conscience is pricked and where no other innocent interest is affected. The
longer the delay, the less likely are these considerations to be valid. The
basis for the equitable intervention of the court is ultimately found in
unconscionability. The following passage from the judgment in  _Green v Gaul_
at [42] is instructive:

The modern approach to the defences of laches, acquiescence and estoppel was
considered by this Court in  _Frawley v Neill_ ([2002] CP Reports 20, but
otherwise unreported, 1 March 1999), to which reference was made in the
judgement of Mummery LJ in  _Patel v Shah_ [see [29]  _supra_ at 32]. After
reviewing the earlier authorities - and, in particular, observations in
_Lindsay Petroleum v Hurd_ (1874) LR 5 PC 221, 229 and  _Erlanger v New
Sombrero Phosphate Co_ (1878) 3 App Cas 1218, 1279 - Aldous LJ (with whom the
other members of the court agreed) said:

"In my view the more modern approach should not require an inquiry as to
whether the circumstances can be fitted within the confines of a preconceived
formula derived from earlier cases. The inquiry should require a broad
approach, directed to ascertaining whether it would in all the circumstances
be unconscionable for a party to be permitted to assert his beneficial right.
No doubt the circumstances which gave rise to a particular result in the
decided cases are relevant to the question whether or not it would be
conscionable or unconscionable for the relief to be asserted, but each case
has to be decided on its facts applying the broad approach."

34 In addition, I would refer to the following extracts from the judgment of
Mummery LJ in  _Patel v Shah_ at [30], [31], [33] and [34].

30 I do not doubt that, in the general run of claims by a beneficiary against
a trustee for the recovery of a beneficial interest in trust property, Mr
Hodge's [counsel for the claimants] analysis is apposite. The key question is
whether it applies to the trusts affecting the properties in this case,
bearing in mind that these trusts arose, and are sought to be enforced, in a
commercial context, not in the donative context of orthodox  _inter vivos_ and
testamentary trusts, in which a beneficiary is not expected by anyone to do
anything other than to receive the gift.

31 As I have indicated, the deputy judge applied the principle stated by Lord
Lindley in paragraph 23-20 in Lindley and Banks on Partnership, 18th ed. That
principle is stated in a commercial setting: that of a partnership, the
carrying on of a business with a view to profit. The deputy judge said it was
applicable with equal force to the series of joint ventures of the kind
undertaken between Greetflow [the claimants' predecessor in title] and the
defendants.

...

33 ... In the case of an ordinary trust by way of gift to trustees for the
benefit of the beneficiaries, where the beneficiary is not required or
expected to do more than receive what has been given for his benefit, it will
obviously be extremely rare for laches and delay on the part of the
beneficiary to make it unconscionable for that beneficiary to assert his claim
to the beneficiary interest, or for the trustee to claim that he has been
released from the equitable obligations that bind his conscience.

34 The general commercial setting of the particular facts of this case make
it, in my view, a different kind of case from that of a beneficiary under a
gift trust.

77 The instant case falls under that of “an ordinary trust by way of gift to
trustees for the benefit of the beneficiaries” where the beneficiary had
nothing more to do than to receive the gift. I can understand the rationale
why the doctrine of laches is generally not applicable to ordinary trusts like
in this case. Delay is defined by _Black’s Law Dictionary_ (Bryan Garner
editor-in-chief) (WEST, 9th Ed, 2009) at p 491 to mean, _inter alia_ : [t]he
act of postponing or slowing; the period during which something is postponed
or slowed. Thus delay is tardiness, a prolonged wait or the postponement of an
action. For there to be delay there must be a start point to determine the
duration of the inaction so as to ascertain whether or not there is any delay
in the commencement of the cause of action. In other words, there must be a
commencement time for a cause of action to accrue. Thereafter there must be a
prolonged period of procrastination before the party starts to enforce his
legal right before one can be accused of delay. In this case the 1971 Trust
Deed does not indicate when the beneficiary, namely the plaintiff, can
exercise her rights under this Trust Deed. The relevant provision in the 1971
Trust Deed is as follows:[note: 31]

NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH that the Trustee hereby declares that she holds the
said property in trust for the Purchaser in fee simple subject to the said
mortgage and that she will at the request and cost of the Purchaser convey the
said property described in the Schedule hereto to such person or persons _at
such time or times and in such manner or otherwise deal with the same as the
Purchaser shall direct or appoint._

[emphasis added]

78 This provision in the 1971 Trust Deed clearly allows the plaintiff to
decide at any time to convey the said property to any person that she decides.
Thus the concept of delay does not exist in the 1971 Trust Deed. In the
circumstances it cannot be argued that there is a long delay because the 1971
Trust Deed was 43 years old. This alone will demolish the defence of laches as
this doctrine is premised on delay. For this doctrine to come into operation
there must be delay. Thereafter, there must be detriment to the defendant
arising from the delay as this is an equitable remedy.

79 Although it would be extremely rare for the doctrine of laches to apply to
an ordinary trust, I shall nonetheless ascertain all the circumstances of the
case and consider if there is any unconscionability involved. This would
involve examining the length of the “delay”, the nature of the prejudice said
to be suffered by the defendants, as well as any element of unconscionability
in allowing the claim to be enforced: _Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee_ at [38].

80 In this case the plaintiff decided to exercise her rights under the 1971
Trust Deed after more than 30 years. As a result, certain key witnesses such
as Fatimah and Sahib have passed away. Seah may no longer be located. The
Plaintiff is mentally challenged. There has also been a blurring of memories
on the part of the other witnesses such as PW1, DW2 and the third defendant.
This is to be expected because the events took place more than 43 years ago.
These are common factors that affect both the defendants as much as they
affect the plaintiff. These are challenges faced by the court to arrive at a
fair and just outcome. It is certainly not a basis to reject the plaintiff’s
case on the ground of unconscionability.

81 Fortunately, even though the recollection of the witnesses may have
diminished over time, there is no lack of important documentary evidence,
which is usually more reliable than oral evidence. The 1971 Trust Deed is also
unambiguous and clearly states that Fatimah is to hold the Land as trustee for
the plaintiff’s benefit.

82 I am also of the view that the defendants were not prejudiced by the
purported “delay”. This is not a case where most of the key witnesses have
passed away, such as in _Quek Hung Heong v Tan Bee Hoon (executrix for estate
of Quek Cher Choi, deceased) and others and another suit_ [2014] SGHC 17; PW1
and DW2 are key witnesses that are able to shed light on the execution of the
1971 Trust Deed. Their testimonies indicated that Fatimah understood the
contents of the 1971 Trust Deed. I wish to reiterate that DW2 was called as a
witness for the defendants and yet her evidence is in favour of the plaintiff.

83 It is understandable that both parties started to show interest over 261A
JCP in 2001. This was soon after the Control of Rent Act was repealed and the
value of the property and the rent was suddenly enhanced substantially. Prior
to this there was little interest in 261A JCP as the rental monies were
negligible. The defendants failed to show prejudice by this action commenced
by the plaintiff. The second and third defendants clearly have no legal rights
to 261A JCP and cannot be prejudiced. There has also been no suggestion as to
how the fourth defendant will be prejudiced.

84 For the foregoing reasons, I am of the opinion that the doctrine of laches
cannot apply in this case. The defendants have also failed to show that they
are prejudiced. It is not unconscionable to allow for a declaration that the
plaintiff is the beneficial owner of 261 JCP and 261A JCP.

Other orders sought by the plaintiff

Specific performance

85 The plaintiff seeks an order of specific performance under the fifth
paragraph of the 1971 Trust Deed (reproduced above at [77]) for the fourth
defendant to convey the “said property” to her. The “said property” being the
Land. This application may not be appropriate as both parties have agreed and
accepted that Abdul Kader is the beneficial owner of 263 JCP. Therefore this
action should confine to the plaintiff’s beneficial interests in 261 JCP and
261A JCP. The plaintiff should seek a subdivision of the Land for them to
exercise their beneficial ownership over 261 JCP and 261A JCP and allow Abdul
Kader to retain 263 JCP.

86 It is also for this reason that I am unwilling to declare that the
plaintiff is the legal owner of the Land. The legal title still remains with
the fourth defendant and the plaintiff only has beneficial interest in 261 JCP
and 261A JCP. I also decline to order that the plaintiff be entitled to
recover possession of the Land as well. The Land has to be sub-divided for my
order to be effected _vis-à-vis_ 261 and 261A JCP.

Rental proceeds

87 The plaintiff claims from the first defendant rent at a rate of $800 per
month since 16 January 2005 in respect of the first defendant’s occupation of
261A JCP. She claims from the second and third defendants the rental proceeds
received by them from the first defendant or Toh for the occupation of 261A
JCP. She also claims for _mesne_ profits from 16 January 2005 until possession
of 261A JCP is returned to her.

88 I am not inclined to grant the plaintiff’s claim to the _mesne_ profits
arising from the rent of 261A JCP as she was not the legal owner at the
relevant period. I accordingly make no order in relation to the rental
proceeds associated with 261A JCP.

89 I shall now deal with the third defendant’s counterclaim.

The third defendant’s counterclaim

90 It is alleged by the second and third defendants that long before Fatimah’s
demise, Fatimah had told the third defendant that she would give 261A JCP to
her and 261 to the plaintiff. However, even if such a gift was made, a
purported oral declaration of trust over land is unenforceable. Section 7(1)
of the Civil Law Act clearly requires a declaration of trust to be in writing:

**Trusts respecting immovable property and disposition of equitable interest**

**7.** —(1) A declaration of trust respecting any immovable property or any
interest in such property must be manifested and proved by some writing signed
by some person who is able to declare such trust or by his will.

(2) A disposition of an equitable interest or trust subsisting at the time of
the disposition must be in writing signed by the person disposing of the same
or by his agent lawfully authorised in writing or by will.

(3) This section does not affect the creation or operation of resulting,
implied or constructive trusts.

91 Section 7 of the Civil Law Act was previously s 6B of the Civil Law Act
(Cap 43, 1994 Rev Ed) which took effect in 1994. For trusts before that date
the applicable provision would be s 9 of the English Statute of Frauds 1677 (c
3) (UK) (“the Statute of Frauds”): _Ong Siew Lay v Ong Boon Chuan_ [2009] SGHC
99 at ][52]–[54]; _Ching Chew Weng Paul v Ching Pui Sim and others_ [2010] 2
SLR 76 at [40]. Section 9 of the English Statute of Frauds 1677 states:

And be it further enacted, That all Grants and Assignments of any Trust or
Confidence shall likewise be in Writing, signed by the Party granting or
assigning the same, or by such Last Will or Devise, or else shall likewise be
utterly void and of none Effect.

92 Section 9 of the Statute of Frauds is more apposite to the facts of this
case as the third defendant alleged that Fatimah told her that she would give
her 261A JCP sometime in 1967. Later she mentioned another date in 1989. Both
these dates were governed by s 9 of the Statute of Frauds which requires the
trust to be in writing otherwise it would be void and have not effect.

Did Fatimah really say that she would give 261A JCP to the third defendant?

93 The third defendant’s testimony regarding the oral gift of 261A JCP by
Fatimah is unreliable. She could not remember when the oral promise was made
and there were inconsistencies in her oral testimony and what was stated in
her amended Defence and Counterclaim. During cross-examination, she claimed
that Fatimah promised her 261A JCP at the same time she gave 263 JCP to Abdul
Kader:[note: 32]

Q.… At the same time that your mother sold 263, she gave you 261A?

A.I think that is so because it has been a long time ago.

Q.Can you recall the year?

A.I cannot remember which year.

Q.Can you recall the decade?

A.I’m afraid I might be confused because it’s too long ago.

Q.Just to help you, in 1967, your mother declared a trust over 263 in favour
of Haji Abdulkader. So are you saying that in 1967, your mother also gave you
261A?

A.I cannot recall the year. I only remembered that my mother gave instruction
to divide the land.

Q.Who did she give instruction to?

A.… Mohammed Habibullah.

94 The third defendant claimed that she was promised 261A JCP when the 1967
Trust Deed was executed. She could not remember the year this happened, nor
could she recall the decade. She also claimed that this was at the same time
Fatimah instructed Habibullah to subdivide the land. However, in her amended
defence and counterclaim, it is stated that Habibullah was only instructed to
subdivide the land in 1989,[note: 33] 22 years after the 1967 Trust Deed was
executed. Such a large discrepancy renders her testimony unsafe to rely on.

95 Furthermore, the third defendant alleged that Fatimah gave her 261A JCP in
1967 which she later said in 1989. Whichever the date the third defendant said
her husband treated Fatimah as the landlady until his death in 2004. If the
third defendant was the owner why did Razak continue to pay rent to Fatimah?
Later she changed her evidence and said that Razak, her husband, paid rent of
$80 to her instead of Fatimah as she was the owner. I noticed that when the
third defendant was cross-examined on this topic she had a few very long
pauses and had to be pressed for an answer.

96 The plaintiff also argued that the third defendant did not make a claim to
261A JCP in the earlier action in DC 1722/2006. This claim is only made in her
defence and counterclaim in this suit. This claim is solely premised on the
testimony of the third defendant. Her testimony is also not convincing. There
is no documentary evidence to substantiate this allegation.

97 For the above reasons I am not prepared to accept the third defendant’s
testimony that Fatimah gave her 261A JCP. The second and third defendants’
counterclaim is therefore not made out. Accordingly, I declare that they have
no legal interest in 261A JCP nor any other part of the Land. Thus their
counterclaim is therefore dismissed with costs.

Conclusion

98 For the reasons given above, I hereby declare that the plaintiff is the
beneficial owner of 261 JCP and 261A JCP. I would like the parties to address
me on the issue of costs. I understand the plaintiff is not seeking costs
against the estate, the fourth defendants.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab MH-2, pp 29–33.

[note: 2]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab MH-3, pp 35–37.

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 1, pp 30–34.

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 2, pp 27–28.

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 2, p 3, para 9.

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 2, p 79.

[note: 7]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 2, pp 29–68.

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 1, pp 22–23.

[note: 9]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 1, p 21.

[note: 10]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 1, pp 10–12.

[note: 11]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 1, pp 39–43.

[note: 12]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 1, p 38.

[note: 13]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 2, pp 29–68.

[note: 14]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 1, p 18.

[note: 15]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 4, pp 24–26.

[note: 16]Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, pp 1–4.

[note: 17]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 1, pp 7–8, para 25.

[note: 18]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 1, pp 7–8, para 25.

[note: 19]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 4, p 5, para 16.

[note: 20]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 4, p 5, para 17.

[note: 21]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 1, p 8, paras 26– 27.

[note: 22]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 4, p 5, paras 19– 20.

[note: 23]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab MH-1, p 27.

[note: 24]Notes of Evidence, 18 March 2014, p 54.

[note: 25]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, p 59.

[note: 26]Notes of Evidence, 18 March 2014, pp 63–64

[note: 27]Notes of Evidence, 18 March 2015, pp 63–64.

[note: 28]Notes of Evidence, 18 March 2015, p 54

[note: 29]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 1, p 10.

[note: 30]Notes of Evidence, 18 March 2015, pp 60–61.

[note: 31]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, Tab 1, pp 10–11.

[note: 32]Notes of Evidence, 18 March 2014, p 74.

[note: 33]Defence and Counterclaim of 2nd and 3rd Defendants (2nd Amendment),
para 13(d).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Aug 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

