Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  APA _v_ APB  
[2014] SGHC 275

Case Number| :| Divorce Transfer No 3127 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 December 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Foo Siew Fong (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
plaintiff; Godwin Gilbert Campos (Godwin Campos LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  APA — APB  
  
22 December 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye J:

1 This case concerns the determination of ancillary matters following a
divorce. The plaintiff (“the wife”) is 39 years old and currently works part-
time as a marketer. The defendant (“the husband”) is 42 years old and he is a
surgeon in a hospital. They were married in 2003. The marriage lasted for only
seven years. They have two young children, namely aged eight years old (“the
elder child”) and six years old (“the younger child”). The elder child is
currently attending primary school while the younger child is in Kindergarten
Two. They are presently under the wife’s care and control, residing at the
matrimonial home.

2 On 24 June 2010, the wife filed for divorce, which the husband did not
contest. On 5 October 2010, the Family Court of the Subordinate Courts (as it
then was) granted her application on the ground that the marriage was
irretrievably broken down as the husband had behaved in such a way that she
could not reasonably be expected to live with him. It also granted certain
interim orders with respect to the husband’s access, maintenance of the wife
and the children and the division of matrimonial assets.

Interim Orders issued by the Family Court

3 The divorce proceedings originated from the Family Court of the Subordinate
Courts and several applications were made by the parties in relation to the
divorce proceedings. The Family Court had made orders relating to access of
the children and interim maintenance orders for the wife and the children.

The issues

4 These are the issues that I have to address:

(a) How much access should the husband be given in respect of the two children
of the marriage.

(b) What is the appropriate maintenance for the wife and the children.

(c) A just and equitable division of the matrimonial home and other
matrimonial assets.

Custody, care and control

With respect to custody, care and control, the Family Court made an interim
order that the wife would have care and control of the two children with the
husband having access based on the following schedule:

(d) the elder child on every Thursday and Friday at the matrimonial home
before she attends primary school for the afternoon session which starts at
1:00pm;

(e) the younger child on every Monday and Thursday from 5:00pm to 8:00pm; and

(f) both the children from 10:15 am to 8:00 pm every Saturday.

5 The parties have not appealed against the interim order. It is undisputed
that the husband and wife have agreed on joint custody with respect to the
children. This is the correct approach as both parents should have a say in
the upbringing of their children. Sole custody orders are made only in
exceptional circumstances for example when there is an abuse of the child (see
_CX v CY (minor: custody and access)_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 690 at [25]–[29] and
[36]–[38]).

6 The husband wants to be given more access to his children. The wife wishes
for the access arrangements under the interim order to subsist while the
husband requests that overnight access be granted to him during the June and
December school holidays. He also requests for a period of uninterrupted
access to them during the abovementioned school holidays ranging from four
days to a week.

7 I observe that the two children are still very young and that their
interests had to be looked after in deciding the appropriate amount of access
to be given to the husband. The Court of Appeal in _IW v IX_ [2006] 1 SLR 135
held at [26]:

26 … the paramount consideration in every case where custody is in issue is
the welfare of the child. That is the immutable principle. The term ‘welfare’
should be taken in its widest sense and we do not think it is possible or
desirable to define it. …

8 It was for this reason that I sought the assistance of the Counselling and
Psychological Services (“CAPS”) of the Family Courts to conduct an assessment
and to submit a custody, care and control evaluation report for my
consideration. Pursuant to this, the Senior Assistant Director, Ms Nur Izzah
Amir (“Ms Amir”), submitted a comprehensive confidential report to me after
interviewing the husband, wife, children, maternal grandmother, maternal
grandfather, paternal grandmother and the wife’s domestic helper. She made the
following recommendations:

It is recommended that parents be granted joint custody of [the two children],
with care and control of both children to Mother.

_Weekly access_

Father’s access to both children will be as follows:

• Every Saturday access from 10.15am to 8.30pm;

• One weekday access for each child for 2 hours each time;

• Alternate public holidays that are not Chinese New Year and Christmas;

• Half of every school holidays that is 2 weeks or longer, from 10am to 9pm;

• Eve of Chinese New Year from the end of the school day for each child to
10pm;

• Second day of Chinese New Year from 10am to 9pm; and

• Daily telephone access not later than 8.30 pm.

It is further recommended that during access, the following conditions are
being adhered to:

• Mother is not present in the immediate vicinity of the transfer or access
venue;

• Photographs and or any video-recording are prohibited; and

• Any classes (apart from school mandated) or activities scheduled for the
children on Saturdays must be done with the consent of the father, with the
exception of the current Berries class that the children have been attending.

_Overnight Access Arrangements_

It is recommended that overnight access for Father be considered once every
fortnight after Father is able to secure the presence of another familiar
adult (to the children) during the overnight access.

9 The parties generally agree with Ms Amir’s recommendations. They also agree
not to criticise or disparage the other parent to the children and not to do
so in their presence.

10 The wife’s objections to the husband’s request for more access are premised
on the fact that the elder child is a sensitive child and the younger child
has a medical condition that the husband cannot care for adequately.

11 With respect to the elder child, the wife submits that she is sensitive to
disruptions in her routine. In her affidavit, she states at [20] as
follows:[note: 1]

20\. [The elder child’s] mental anguish has been manifested by self-
mutilation. She repeatedly chews on her lips till they bleed, and the sides of
her mouth had wounds which became infected, causing her much pain and
difficulty in eating. She also tears her own hair out when she gets
frustrated. _She is a child who needs routine in her life, and she gets very
distressed when the [husband] upsets her routine for school, or when he sends
her to school later than she prefers_ … [emphasis added]

12 With respect to the younger child, the wife submits that he has congenital
subglottic stenosis which results in him having a recurrent cough. He is also
sensitive to dust and mites. If his condition is not taken care of properly,
there is a risk that he may become asthmatic.

13 For the foregoing reasons, the wife submits that the children are not ready
for long overnight access periods. She submits that the court should accept Ms
Amir’s recommendations for overnight access “once every fortnight after the
[husband] is able to secure the presence and support of another familiar adult
(to the children) during the overnight access”. The parties agree that the
paternal grandmother would be a suitable “familiar adult” during the overnight
access every fortnight.

14 While Ms Amir recommended overnight access once every fortnight in her
report, she did not address the issue of whether longer periods of overnight
access should be granted during school holidays. I am of the view that long
periods of overnight access during the June and December holidays will be good
opportunities for the father to strengthen his bond with the children. The
access would be conducted in the presence of the children’s paternal
grandmother who can assist the husband in caring for the children. Hence for a
start, the husband will be given overnight access to his children for a five-
day period during the June and December holidays. This will provide
opportunities for the husband to bring his children overseas for vacation
together with their paternal grandmother.

15 Ms Amir also recommended that the parties attend a parenting workshop under
Project Impact, a programme arranged by the Family Resolutions Chambers of the
Family Court. She also stated that children can attend the workshop under the
“Rainbow Programme” at the Family Court’s HELP Family Service Centre. I agree
with Ms Amir that the parties will benefit from attending the workshop and
hence, I order that the husband and wife attend the parenting workshop and the
children also attend the “Rainbow Programme” workshop.

16 As an aside, the parties should also pay attention to Ms Amir’s observation
that the younger child might be vulnerable to “parentified behaviour” at an
early age:

Reports on [the younger child’s] cautious behaviour with Father and her
dominance over [the older child] during access may indicate symptoms of stress
related to the custodial dispute and thus the possible need for her to put
forth a strong alliance with Mother. It is not uncommon for children of this
age to start modelling after the same gender parent and start mirroring
similar concerns. _As such, Mother needs to be aware of her sharing about
Father to the children, especially [the younger child] to minimize the chances
of alienating her from him._ If not careful, [the younger child] may show
signs of parentified behaviour at an early age, in which they care emotionally
for their parent and ignore their own needs (Stahl, 2011). [emphasis added]

17 Indeed, should there be evidence or signs that the child is being alienated
by one parent from another, it would be a factor for future variations in care
and control orders: _ABW v ABV_ [2014] 2 SLR 769. That being the case, I
encourage the wife to work together with the husband for the benefit of their
children and refrain from seeking to estrange them from him.

Maintenance for the wife and the children

18 There is presently an interim maintenance order for the wife and children
issued on 17 July 2012 by the Family Court on the following terms:[note: 2]

1\. [The husband] shall pay [the wife] an interim maintenance (“maintenance”)
for herself and the 2 children in the sum of $5,840 with effect from 01
January 2011 and up to 01 December 2011.

2\. From 01 January 2012 the husband shall pay the wife as maintenance for
herself and the 2 children as follows:

a) The sum of $4,520.00 per month excluding school and education related
expenses for the 2 children.

b) In addition, the husband shall pay the wife 80% of the 2 children’s school
and education related expenses incurred monthly within 7 days of receipt of
the invoice by the defendant. This includes school fees, enrichment classes,
year-end school books, uniforms and shoes.

3\. [The husband] shall pay to [the wife] the shortfall in maintenance as
follows:

a) With regards to the maintenance for the [period] of January 2011 to
December 2011, the shortfall shall be paid within 1 month of the date of this
order,

b) With regards to the sum of $4,520.00 to be paid as maintenance for the
period of January 2012 to July 2012, the shortfall shall be paid within 1
month of the date of the order.

c) For the school and education related expenses of the 2 children for the
[period] of January 2012 to July 2012, the shortfall in expenses shall be paid
within 1 month of [the husband’s receipt of the statement of expenses].

4\. [The husband] shall also reimburse [the wife] the following expenses
within 1 month of this order:

a) The sum of $166.34 for medical and transport expenses incurred on the 1st
child;

b) The sum of $881.50 for medical expenses for the 2nd child in the event the
sum is not reimbursed by the relevant insurance company.

5\. Both parties shall continue to service the monthly payments for the
matrimonial flat until further order.

…

The parties’ submissions

19 I notice that the wife initial submissions are slightly different from her
further submissions. In her skeletal submissions, the wife seeks for an
increase in the quantum of the interim maintenance order as follows:

(a) the base sum of $4,520 to be increased to $5,100;

(b) the husband bears 90% of the children’s school and educational related
expenses; and

(c) the husband to bear 90% of the children’s dental and holiday expenses.

20 The wife explains in her further submissions[note: 3] that the interim
order granted by the Family Court for the sum of $4,520 comprised $3,368 for
the children and $1,152 for her. Previously, the children’s expenses assessed
by the court were $4,210 and the husband had been ordered to pay 80% of that
sum, _ie_ , $3,368. Now, she asks that the interim maintenance orders for the
wife and children be increased from $4,210 to $5,100.[note: 4] She further
submits that the husband should bear 90% of the children’s school, educational
related expenses, dental and holiday expenses.

21 However, in her further skeletal submissions, the wife asks for a more
significant increase in the maintenance of the children as compared to that
submitted under the initial submissions. She submits that at the interim order
stage, the court did not factor in the other expenses of the children such as
holiday expenses, dance and music classes, occupational therapy, medical and
dental treatments, school fairs, class parties and friends’ birthday parties.
Thus she submits that the total expenses for the children should now be
$6,310.62 as compared to $4,210. The wife also submits that the husband’s
contributions should be increased to 85% and asked that the husband’s
contribution for the children’s maintenance be increased to $5,300.

22 The husband, however, urges the court to reduce the interim maintenance for
the children to $2,200. He is not agreeable to paying maintenance for the wife
as she is capable of earning more and should be working full-time instead of
part-time.

My decision on the maintenance of the children and the wife

23 I do not agree with the husband that the wife should not be given any
maintenance. Section 114(1) of Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the
WC”) states that in determining the amount of any maintenance to be paid by a
man to his wife, the court shall consider the following matters:

(a) the income, earning capacity, property and other financial resources which
each of the parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future;

(b) the financial needs, obligations and responsibilities which each of the
parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future;

(c) the standard of living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the
marriage;

(d) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(e) any physical or mental disability of either of the parties to the
marriage;

(f) the contributions made by each of the parties to the marriage to the
welfare of the family, including any contribution made by looking after the
home or caring for the family; and

(g) in the case of proceedings for divorce or nullity of marriage, the value
to either of the parties to the marriage of any benefit (for example, a
pension) which, by reason of the dissolution or annulment of the marriage that
party will lose the chance of acquiring.

24 I found that although the wife has a maid, the reason why she is presently
working part-time is to look after the two children who are both still very
young. Therefore it was not right for the husband to say that she should be
working full-time. I find that the wife should be maintained by him to some
extent.

25 First, in the determination of the wife’s and children’s maintenance, the
court has to take into consideration the income of the parties. In this
instance, the wife’s annual income in 2012 was about $65,122 as compared to
the husband’s annual income in 2012 which was about $370,546.

26 Next, I am of the view that the children’s expenses by the wife are on the
high side. Both the children are below ten years old and the wife should not
overindulge them. I noticed that in the wife’s initial submissions she had
asked for a slight increase of $4,520 to $5,100 for the maintenance of the
wife and children. However, in her further submissions, she asks for the
children’s maintenance to be increased from $3,368 to $4,210 and a nominal
increase of the wife’s maintenance from $1,152 to $1,200. This represents a
more significant increase.

27 The maintenance of the children is a joint responsibility (see s 68 of the
WC). This is undisputed. I am of the view that the interim order for the
maintenance of the wife and children is adequate and accordingly, my orders
for the maintenance of the wife and children are as follows:

(a) The husband is to pay the sum of $4,520 per month excluding school and
education related expenses for the children; and

(b) The husband shall pay the wife 80% of both children’s school and education
related expenses incurred monthly within seven days of receipt of the invoice
by the husband. This includes school fees, enrichment classes, year-end school
books, uniforms and shoes.

28 The parties are at liberty to apply to the court for a variation of this
order in future when there are changes to their circumstances. However, I
would like to take the opportunity to caution them against vexatious
litigation in this regard.

29 I also note that presently there are maintenance arrears amounting to
$22,138.62 which the wife wishes to claim. The husband argues that the arrears
should be paid into the parties’ joint account and the proceeds be shared
equally. In my view, the arrears came about because of the husband non-
compliance with the court’s order to pay maintenance. Therefore this sum
cannot be paid into the joint account and then be divided equally between the
parties. I order the husband to pay the arrears to the wife within two weeks
of this judgment.

The division of the matrimonial assets

30 In determining a just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets
under s 112 (1) of the WC, the court has to consider the circumstances of the
case and take into account _inter alia_ both the direct and indirect
contributions of the spouses. It is trite law that the division should be done
on a broad brush basis: _NI v NJ_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 75 at [18].

The insurance policies and bank accounts

31 I shall first address the matrimonial assets on which division had been
agreed between the parties. They are as follows:

(a) Insurance policies: All insurance policies of the parties are to be held
on trust for the children. If the parties decide to surrender the policies,
the pay-out is to be into the children’s accounts and will be handed to them
when they attain the age of maturity. The party who decides to maintain the
policies will be responsible for the payment of the monthly premiums. The
Prudential Prulink Assurance account will be cancelled or surrendered with the
surrender value to be held on trust by both parties for the children and to be
given to them when they reach maturity.

(b) Bank accounts and other assets: The parties agree that all the balances in
the joint accounts are to be divided equally.

32 With respect to the bank accounts in the parties’ sole names, the wife
proposed that each party should keep the amounts in their own accounts while
the husband preferred them to be shared equally. I notice that it is
undisputed that in early part of the marriage the parties were earning similar
salaries. The husband’s salary had been banked into a joint account for the
wife’s use and for the maintenance of the family. Thus it would be fair and
equitable division for the amounts in the bank accounts held in their sole
names to be shared equally.

The matrimonial home

33 I notice that both parties argue that the court should draw adverse
inferences against the other as there was no full and frank disclosure. I am
of the view that there is insufficient evidence to justify the drawing of
adverse inference against either party.

34 The matrimonial home is currently a condominium. The following facts about
the property are undisputed:

Market value  |  $1.6m  
---|---  
Outstanding loan |  $383,091.36  
Net value |  Approximately $1,216,908.64  
Purchase price |  $800,000  
  
  

35 The wife intends to retain the matrimonial home and requests that a
division of 80:20 be done in her favour. The husband, however, submits that
the matrimonial home be sold and the sale proceeds accrue from the sale to be
used to pay the outstanding mortgage, refund CPF contributions, stamp fees,
legal fees, and agent fees. He also proposes to set up a tertiary education
fund of $100,000 for each of the two children. The balance of the sale
proceeds is to be divided in the ratio of 40:60 between the wife and the
husband respectively.

Direct contributions

36 The matrimonial property was purchased by the husband before the marriage.
The following facts are undisputed:

(a) during the early years of the marriage the salaries of the husband and
wife were about the same;

(b) the husband’s salary was credited into the parties’ joint account; and

(c) the matrimonial property was purchased with loan from the husband’s father
and over time they repaid the father, leaving a balance of $38,000 which has
yet to be satisfied.

37 The following table of direct contributions is prepared by the wife and is
largely undisputed except with respect to the loan repayment. I set out the
undisputed portions as follows:[note: 5]

|  Husband |  Wife  
---|---|---  
CPF contributions  |  $213,556.50 (Interest) $42,624.39  |  $200,485.64 (Interest) $27,038.65   
Renovations and fittings |  $30,000.00 |  $77,049.15  
  
  

38 The only dispute between the parties is that the repayment of the loan of
$185,650.40 to the husband’s father. The wife’s case is that the loan
repayment be divided equally between the husband and her as it was done
jointly. The basis for her assertion is that she had made the repayments and
at that point in time, she was of the view that it did not matter which
account was used as long as the loan repayments were made. Therefore on her
end, she did not bother to transfer the money to and then from the joint
account.

39 The husband disagrees. He says the sum of $185,650.40 was loaned from his
father and since then, he had made the monthly repayments to his father.[note:
6] The wife could not have made any repayment as the evidence showed that it
was only the husband who transferred funds to the joint account and those
funds were then used to repay the husband’s father. The wife did not
contribute any funds to this.[note: 7]

40 For convenience, the parties’ positions are set out as follows:

|  Husband’s contribution |  Wife’s contribution  
---|---|---  
The husband’s position[note: 8] |  $185,650.40 |  $0  
The wife’s position |  $73,925.20 |  $73,925.20  
A balance of $38,000 is still owed to the husband’s father.  
  
  

41 The evidence showed that the wife’s version of the events is more probable
than the husband’s. The husband’s version of the events gave the impression
that the parties had run their finances in a business-like fashion. However,
the evidence showed otherwise. Just as the husband transferred money into
another joint POSB account from which the wife transferred $1,500 monthly into
the joint account used to repay the husband’s father, the wife had also
deposited her salary into a joint UOB account.[note: 9]

42 At that time, the wife was also working and earned an income which was of a
similar level to the husband. She had shouldered the burden of taking care of
the family while the husband was away in the United States for further
studies. Would such wife be so devoid of familial responsibility that she
would not pay towards the matrimonial home? I doubt so. In the context of a
familial relationship which had not broken down yet at that time it does not
matter whether the repayment to the husband’s father came from the joint
account or their single account. It was the wife who ensured that the loan of
the husband’s father was progressively repaid.

43 Accordingly, I divide the sum of $185,650.40 equally between the husband
and wife for the parties’ direct contributions towards the matrimonial
property. As the wife claims that the remaining $38,000 has not been repaid
while the husband claimed that he had repaid the loan in full, I add $38,000
to the husband’s direct contribution. This will bring the direct contributions
of the parties towards the matrimonial home to 51.3% for the husband versus
48.7% for the wife. This means the direct contribution between both parties is
almost equal:

|  Husband’s contribution |  Wife’s contribution  
---|---|---  
CPF contributions  |  $213,556.50 (Interest) $42,624.39  |  $200,485.64 (Interest) $27,038.65   
Renovations and fittings |  $30,000.00 |  $77,049.15  
Loan repaid to the husband’s father |  $111,925.20 |  $73,925.20  
Net direct contributions |  $ 349,381.50 |  $345,359.79  
Proportion |  51.3% |  48.7%  
  
  

Indirect contributions

44 The wife argues that her indirect contribution should amount to 15% and an
additional 15% of the matrimonial home should be awarded for the children as
they would like to stay in the matrimonial home. The husband, on the other
hand, submits that it was a short marriage and past precedents suggested a
range of 7% to 12% for indirect contributions. He submits that 5% to 7%
indirect contribution would be fair as the wife had a maid and was also
working full-time during their marriage. It is pertinent to note that from the
wife’s further skeletal submissions, the past cases indicate that for short
marriages of five to seven years with one or two children, the court would
account for indirect contributions in the range of 7% to 18%.

45 It is important to first consider the main features of the marriage. This
was a relatively short marriage of about seven years with two young children.
During the marriage, the husband was in Seattle, USA, for his overseas medical
research training for a year from 2003 to 2004. He was away again from July
2008 to December 2009 for training in the United States at the Memorial Sloan
Kettering Cancer Center. Thus the husband had been away from Singapore for
about two years (amounting to about 30%) of their seven years marriage. I am
of the view that the wife has made significant indirect contributions towards
looking after the two children as well as the family.

46 Those indirect contributions should be given recognition and should amount
to about 15% of the matrimonial home. Thus the matrimonial home will be
divided between the husband and wife in the proportion of 66% and 34% in
favour of the wife. In the interests of the welfare and interests of the
children who have been living in the matrimonial home since their birth, the
court will grant the wife’s request for the matrimonial home to be retained in
her favour. However, the wife will have to reimburse the husband for his share
of the matrimonial home. If this option is not exercised within six months of
the judgment, the matrimonial home will be sold in the open market.

Conclusion

47 The summary of my orders are as follows:

(a) The parties will have joint custody of the children with the wife having
care and control of them.

(b) The husband will have access to the children at the following times:

(i) every Saturday from 10.15am to 8.30pm;

(ii) one weekday access for each child for 2 hours each time;

(iii) alternate public holidays with the exclusion of Chinese New Year and
Christmas;

(iv) half of every school holiday that is two weeks or longer from 10am to
9pm;

(v) the eve of Chinese New Year from the end of the school day for each child
until 10pm;

(vi) the second day of Chinese New Year from 10am to 9pm;

(vii) daily telephone access not later than 8.30 pm;

(viii) overnight access for the husband once every fortnight in the presence
of the paternal grandmother;

(ix) overnight access for a five-day period during the June and December
holidays in the presence of the paternal grandmother;

(c) The parties are to attend the parenting workshop under the auspices of
Project Impact with the children attending the “Rainbow Programme” workshop.

(d) The husband shall pay $4,520 per month for maintenance of the wife and the
child. He shall also pay 80% of the children’s school and educational expenses
within seven days upon receipt of the invoice from the wife. He has to pay
maintenance arrears of $22,138.62 to the wife within two weeks of this
judgment.

(e) The matrimonial home will be divided between the husband and wife in the
proportion of 66% to 34% in favour of the wife.

(f) If the wife decides to retain the matrimonial home, the husband will
transfer all his rights, shares and interests in that property to the wife
upon payment of the difference, if any. The wife will bear all the expenses
for the transfer. If this option is not exercised within six months of the
judgment, the matrimonial home will be sold in the open market. This order is
made subject to the Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36, 2013 Rev Ed) (“the CPF
Act”) and the subsidiary legislation made thereunder. The CPF Board will give
effect to the terms of this order in accordance with those provisions.

(g) Insurance policies: All insurance policies of the parties are to be held
on trust for the children. If the parties decide to surrender the policies,
the pay-out is to be made into the children’s accounts and will be handed to
them when they attain age of maturity. The party who decides to maintain the
policies will be responsible for the payment of the monthly premiums. The
Prudential Prulink Assurance account will be cancelled or surrendered with the
surrender value to be held on trust by both parties for the children and to be
given to them when they reach maturity.

(h) All the balances in the bank and investment accounts as at the date of the
interim judgement whether held solely or jointly are to be divided equally
between the parties.

(i) The husband will pay the arrears of $22,138.62 within two weeks of this
judgment to the wife.

(j) The Registrar of the Supreme Court is empowered to execute, sign, or
indorse all necessary documents relating to matters contained in this order on
behalf of either party should either party failed to do so within seven days
of the written request being made to the party.

48 Finally, both parties claim for costs of the proceedings against the other
as each of them blames the other for protracting these proceedings. I made no
order as to costs as both parties are responsible for protracting this case.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s bundle of documents referred to in the skeletal
submissions dated 14 October 2013 Tab 3 at p 19.

[note: 2]Plaintiff’s bundle of documents referred to in the skeletal
submissions dated 14 October 2013 Tab 2 at pp 10–11.

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s further skeletal submissions at para 4.

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions at para 21(a).

[note: 5]Wife’s table of contributions

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s bundle of documents referred to in the skeletal
submissions dated 14 October 2013 Tab 13 at p 106 at paras 31-33; Letter from
Godwin Campos LLC dated 27 November 2014 at para 5.

[note: 7]Letter from Godwin Campos LLC dated 27 November 2014 at para 9.

[note: 8]Defendant’s 4th Affidavit for Ancillary Matters at para 6.

[note: 9]Plaintiff’s 4th Affidavit for Ancillary Matters at p 104.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Dec 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

