Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  James Raj s/o Arokiasamy _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGCA 33

Case Number| :| Criminal Motion No 15 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 May 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ravi s/o Madasamy (L F Violet Netto), Eugene Thuraisingam
and Jerrie Tan (Eugene Thuraisingam) for the applicant; G Kannan, Tang
Shangjun, Jurena Chan and Timotheus Koh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  James Raj s/o Arokiasamy — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2014] 2 SLR 307.]

28 May 2014|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was a criminal motion for leave to refer the following as two
ostensible questions of law of public interest to the Court of Appeal pursuant
to s 397(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”):

(a) Whether there is an immediate right to counsel upon the request of a
person remanded for investigations; or alternatively

(b) On the premise that there is no immediate right to counsel upon the
request of a person remanded for investigations, what is a “reasonable time”
within which the right to counsel can be exercised.

2 After hearing the parties on 7 May 2014, we dismissed the criminal motion on
the basis that the references sought did not relate to questions of law of
public interest. We now give the detailed grounds for our decision.

Background Facts

3 The applicant in this case is James Raj s/o Arokiasamy (“the Applicant”). He
was charged in the State Courts with various drug-related offences as well as
suspected computer attacks on several websites using the moniker “the
Messiah”. The Applicant’s counsel is Mr Ravi s/o Madasamy (“Mr Ravi”), though
he was jointly represented at the hearing of the present criminal motion by Mr
Ravi and Mr Eugene Thuraisingam (“Mr Thuraisingam”).

4 The Applicant was first produced in the State Courts on 5 November 2013 for
charges to be preferred against him. He was then remanded for one week to
enable further investigations to be carried out. On 11 November 2013, Mr Ravi
was informed by an acquaintance of the Applicant that the latter was seeking
to engage Mr Ravi as his counsel and wished to have immediate access to him.
Mr Ravi accordingly contacted the police on the same day seeking access to the
Applicant, but his request was denied.

5 On the following morning, 12 November 2013, Mr Ravi attended the next
mention in the State Courts, in the course of which the Prosecution applied
for, among other things, an order that the Applicant be remanded at the
Institute of Mental Health (“the IMH”) for psychiatric evaluation. The hearing
was adjourned to the afternoon and Mr Ravi sought leave to speak to the
Applicant for five minutes in the meantime. This request was denied. At the
close of the resumed hearing, the district judge (“the District Judge”)
granted the orders sought by the Prosecution and ordered that the Applicant be
remanded at the IMH and that he was not permitted contact with any third
parties.

6 On 13 November 2013, the Applicant filed an application to the High Court by
way of Criminal Motion No 70 of 2013 (“CM 70/2013”) for the following orders:
(1) a declaration that under Art 9(3) of the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (1999 Rev Ed) (“the Constitution”), there is an immediate right to
counsel upon the request of a person remanded for investigations; and (2) that
the Applicant be granted immediate access to his counsel.

7 CM 70/2013 was heard on 15 November 2013 before a High Court judge (“the
Judge”), who reserved judgment and directed that parties file further
submissions within two weeks on the issue of what a “reasonable time” should
be for the purpose of an arrested person being granted access to counsel. The
Judge also permitted Mr Ravi to speak to the Applicant for a few minutes in
court after the hearing.

8 The next mention in the State Courts took place on 26 November 2013. The
Prosecution applied for the Applicant to be remanded for one more week for
further investigations, with no access to counsel during that period. This
application was granted. On 3 December 2013, with the consent of the
Prosecution, the Applicant was granted access to his counsel.

Decision Below

9 On 14 January 2014, the Judge dismissed CM 70/2013. His judgment is reported
as _James Raj s/o Arokiasamy v Public Prosecutor_ [2014] 2 SLR 307 (“the
Judgment”).

10 On the first prayer, the Judge declined to grant a declaration that under
Art 9(3) of the Constitution, there is an immediate right to counsel upon the
request of a person remanded for investigations. He considered himself bound
by the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Jasbir Singh and another v Public
Prosecutor_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 782 (“ _Jasbir Singh_ ”), where it was held that
an arrested person was not entitled to consult counsel immediately but only
within a “reasonable time” of his arrest.

11 Notwithstanding this, the Judge considered it appropriate to express some
doubt over the interpretation that was placed by the Court of Appeal in
_Jasbir Singh_ on the earlier High Court decision of _Lee Mau Seng v Minister
for Home Affairs and another_ [1971–1973] SLR(R) 135 (“ _Lee Mau Seng_ ”). The
latter decision has widely been understood as authority for the proposition
that as a matter of our law, an arrested person’s right to counsel is not one
that he may avail himself of immediately but rather only within a reasonable
time after his arrest. Nonetheless, the Judge having undertaken an analysis of
_Lee Mau Seng_ doubted that the High Court there had contemplated that its
holding to the effect that the right to counsel must be granted to an arrested
person within a reasonable time after his arrest meant that such a right could
be postponed for such period as might reasonably be required by the police to
enable them to carry out their investigations. However, it was unquestionably
the case that this was precisely how the Court of Appeal in _Jasbir Singh_ had
struck the balance between the arrested person’s right to have access to his
counsel and the discharge by the police of their duty to investigate the
matter.

12 The Judge also declined to grant the second prayer for an order that the
Applicant be granted immediate access to his counsel. The Judge noted that
this issue had become academic because the Applicant had already been granted
access to his counsel on 3 December 2013. Nonetheless, the Judge, having
invited submissions on the issue, ventured to express a view on whether the
Applicant would have been entitled to the order sought as at 29 November 2013,
this being the date on which the parties had filed further submissions on the
issue of what would have been a “reasonable time” in all the circumstances.
The Judge held that the police had the onus of proving that giving effect to
the right to counsel would impede police investigations or the administration
of justice. In the absence of sufficient evidence adduced to discharge this
burden, the Judge observed that “had the question not been wholly academic,
[he] would have held that the applicant was entitled to access to his counsel
by 29 November 2013”.

13 On 13 February 2014, the Applicant filed this criminal motion seeking leave
to refer the two ostensible questions of law of public interest (see above at
[1]) to this Court.

Our Decision

14 It is uncontroversial that the four cumulative conditions specified in s
397(1) of the CPC must be satisfied before leave may be granted to refer a
question of law of public interest to the Court of Appeal (see _Mohammad
Faizal bin Sabtu and another v Public Prosecutor and another matter_ [2013] 2
SLR 141 (“ _Mohammad Faizal_ ”) at [15]):

(a) First, the reference to the Court of Appeal can only be made in relation
to a criminal matter decided by the High Court in the exercise of its
appellate or revisionary jurisdiction;

(b) Second, the reference must relate to a question of law and that question
must be one of public interest;

(c) Third, the question of law must have arisen from the case which was before
the High Court; and

(d) Fourth, the determination of that question of law by the High Court must
have affected the outcome of the case.

15 In deciding whether to grant leave to refer questions of law of public
interest to the Court of Appeal, the court’s discretion is to be exercised
sparingly. Further, we have the discretion to refuse to refer questions of law
of public interest stated by an applicant even if all the four conditions are
satisfied, although in such circumstances, strong and cogent grounds would
have to be shown to exist before we would do so (_Mah Kiat Seng v Public
Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 859 at [13]).

16 With these general principles in mind, we address the following two issues
that arose in the present application:

(a) The Prosecution’s preliminary objections that the High Court had no
jurisdiction to hear the application in CM 70/2013 and that the questions
sought to be referred were moot before the High Court; and

(b) Whether the references relate to questions of law of public interest.

Preliminary objections raised by the Prosecution

17 The Prosecution, in its written submissions and in the course of the oral
arguments, raised a number of preliminary objections to the application. We
were satisfied that these were without substance. We specifically mention two
of the points that were taken.

18 First, the Prosecution argued that the High Court had entertained the
application in CM 70/2013 when, in fact, it had no jurisdiction to do so. We
note in passing that the force with which this objection was taken before us
did not sit at all well with the fact that nothing had been said by the
Prosecution before the High Court about any want of jurisdiction. A
jurisdictional objection ought properly to be taken timeously and before the
tribunal that is said to be acting without the requisite capacity to do so.

19 Turning to the objection itself, it was clear that the High Court was not
acting in its appellate jurisdiction; and according to the Prosecution, it
could not have been acting in its revisionary jurisdiction because the
proceedings before the High Court had been commenced by way of criminal motion
rather than by way of a petition for criminal revision.

20 Second, the Prosecution submitted that we should exercise our overriding
discretion to refuse leave to refer the two questions posed by the Applicant
because these were moot from the outset. It was submitted that the first
question, namely whether Art 9(3) of the Constitution confers an immediate
right to counsel upon the Applicant’s request, was moot since the Applicant
had already been in remand for more than a week by the time CM 70/2013 was
heard and there was therefore no prospect of his getting “immediate” access.
The second question, relating to what constituted a “reasonable time”, was
also said to be moot since the Applicant had access to his counsel from 3
December 2013 onwards, long before the Judge determined the issue and
delivered his decision on 14 January 2014.

21 On the first objection, we were satisfied that the revisionary jurisdiction
of the High Court had been invoked in CM 70/2013. It was evident that in
substance, the Prosecution’s real objection on this issue related to a matter
of form and procedure rather than of substantive jurisdiction. As a matter of
substance, the application was brought to persuade the High Court to exercise
its revisionary jurisdiction over the District Court after it had denied
counsel’s application to be afforded access to the Applicant.

22 It is true that the _form_ of this application to the High Court was
inappropriate in the circumstances. The Applicant should have filed a petition
for criminal revision of the District Judge’s order on 12 November 2013,
instead of a criminal motion. However, had this point been taken by the
Prosecution before the Judge in a timely way at first instance, we have no
doubt at all that it could and would have been readily corrected. As we have
observed, the Prosecution had not raised the slightest jurisdictional
objection when the matter came before the Judge. We therefore held that
although the form used by the Applicant was inappropriate, he had in substance
sought to invoke the High Court’s criminal revisionary jurisdiction in CM
70/2013. We were satisfied that it would have been unjust to uphold the
procedural failing against the Applicant when this had not been raised by the
Prosecution at the time the matter had first come before the Judge, nor even
at any time before the Judge had ruled upon it. We therefore saw no merit in
the Prosecution’s first objection.

23 As to the second objection, the Prosecution’s position that the application
before the High Court was moot seemed to us, at least with respect to the
first question, to be patently ill-conceived. The essential contention was
that since the Applicant was asserting an “immediate” right to counsel and
since by the time the application was brought, the Applicant had already been
in remand for more than a week without access to counsel, the application was
moot because he would not on any basis be able to have _immediate_ access,
that moment having already passed. This is plainly incorrect. As a matter of
logic, the right is a continuing right once it accrues and the fact that it
has been denied _and is still being denied at the time the application is
brought_ cannot on any sensible basis mean that it has become moot. Indeed, it
was precisely because the Applicant was still being denied access to his
counsel that he applied to the High Court for a declaration that there is an
immediate right to counsel upon the request of a person remanded for
investigations under Art 9(3) of the Constitution. The fact that by that time
the Applicant had already, allegedly, been denied access to counsel for some
time and therefore could not avail of an immediate right of access cannot
entail the conclusion that the alleged denial had become moot.

24 The Prosecution’s position would entail the somewhat bizarre conclusion
that once a right had been violated, it was to be regarded as spent and
therefore incapable of being adjudicated by the courts, even if the violation
was still continuing. Whatever may be the position where the alleged breach of
the right is no longer continuing at the time of the application, there is no
question in our mind that in this case, on the basis of the right framed by
the Applicant, there was an allegedly continuing breach at the time of the
application and there was nothing moot about this.

25 As to whether the second question was moot, it is not necessary for us to
address this since as a matter of substance we were satisfied that the
criteria for granting leave to refer this question were not met.

26 We accordingly turn to consider the criteria laid down in s 397(1) of the
CPC.

Whether the references relate to questions of law of public interest

27 As stated above, one of the essential requirements in s 397(1) of the CPC
for leave to be granted to refer a question of law of public interest to the
Court of Appeal is that it must relate to a question of law and that question
of law must be one of public interest. In our view, this requirement alone was
sufficient to dispose of the criminal motion before us.

28 It is clear from the authorities that the use of the reference procedure is
not appropriate where the question concerns matters of settled law or which
can readily be resolved by the application of established principles: see
_Wong Sin Yee v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 63 at [26]; _Bachoo Mohan
Singh v Public Prosecutor and other applications_ [2010] 1 SLR 966 at [37].

29 The first question framed by the Applicant was whether there is an
immediate right to counsel upon the request of a person remanded for
investigations. From the Applicant’s written and oral submissions, it was
evident that the basis for seeking to refer this question was to be found in
the following observations contained in the Judgment (at [5]–[6]), which
seemed to cast some doubt on the correctness of the interpretation placed on
the words “a reasonable time” by the Court of Appeal in _Jasbir Singh_ :

5 … The Court of Appeal [in _Jasbir Singh_], having referred to _Lee Mau Seng_
, held that Wee CJ must have “intended the element of allowance for police
investigations and procedure to be already built into the ‘reasonable time’
time-frame”. But I think that it is not certain that Wee CJ himself would have
agreed with this interpretation.

6 … [I]t looks to me at least arguable that when Wee CJ said that the right to
counsel “must be granted to [an arrested person] within a reasonable time
after his arrest”, he did not mean that the police ought to be afforded a
“reasonable time” for investigations, as the Court of Appeal in _Jasbir Singh_
thought he meant, but rather intended no more than to acknowledge that, while
an arrested person should be entitled to consult counsel immediately after
arrest, there has to be a “reasonable time” for any necessary or unavoidable
delay occasioned by practical or administrative concerns, _eg_ , having to
transport the arrested person to the place of remand or having to contact the
counsel of the arrested person’s choice. …

30 With great respect to the Judge, the position on the issues raised in the
present application has been clear and settled since the decision of this
Court in _Jasbir Singh_. This position has been re-affirmed in a number of
later decisions including of this Court (see below at [32]). That being the
case, as a matter of _stare decisis_ , the position remains settled
notwithstanding the doubts that might have been expressed by the Judge in the
High Court.

31 In _Jasbir Singh_ , this Court had considered what, at that time, was the
only existing Singapore authority on the ambit of the constitutional right of
access to counsel, namely the High Court decision in _Lee Mau Seng_. There, it
had been held that an arrested person who wished to consult a legal
practitioner of his choice was entitled to have this constitutional right
granted to him by the authority having custody of him within a reasonable time
after his arrest (_Lee Mau Seng_ at [12]). The Court of Appeal in _Jasbir
Singh_ noted that while _Lee Mau Seng_ did not elaborate on what a “reasonable
time” would be, it could be surmised that an allowance for police
investigations and procedure was intended to be incorporated within the
framework of a “reasonable time” (_Jasbir Singh_ at [48]). The exercise of the
right of access to counsel was framed in this way to strike a balance that was
considered appropriate to our circumstances between, on the one hand, the
arrested person’s undoubted right to legal representation and, on the other
hand, the public interest in enabling the police to discharge their duty and
carry out investigations effectively and expeditiously (_Jasbir Singh_ at
[46]).

32 The principles in _Jasbir Singh_ have since been applied in subsequent
cases. In _Public Prosecutor v Leong Siew Chor_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 290 at [87],
the High Court reiterated that giving effect to the right of access to counsel
entailed balancing the rights of the arrested person against the public
interest that crime be effectively investigated. On appeal, the Court of
Appeal also applied _Jasbir Singh_ , and observed that the fact that an
arrested person had been fully co-operative with the police in the course of
investigations was, in itself, no basis for granting access as soon as it was
sought (see _Leong Siew Chor v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] SGCA 38 at [9]). Most
recently, in _Muhammad bin Kadar and another v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR
1205, we affirmed the decision in _Jasbir Singh_ , observing that there was no
legal requirement that the police permit counsel to be present during
interviews with the arrested person while investigations were being carried
out (at [57]).

33 It is evident from these decisions that the first question in fact
pertained to a matter of settled law. It was not an open question that had not
finally been settled by the apex court or that admitted of continuing
difficulty or that called for the discussion or further consideration of
alternative views (_Mohammad Faizal_ at [19], citing with approval the
Malaysian Federal Court decision in _A Ragunathan v Pendakwa Raya_ [1982] 1
MLJ 139 at 141).

34 In the course of the oral submissions, we asked what the effect would be if
the alleged right that the Applicant was contending for was breached. To the
extent it was suggested that in that event, any statement given by the
arrested without having had access to his counsel should be automatically
excluded, this would have been untenable, first because there is a statutory
framework for excluding statements that are found to be involuntary (see s
258(3) of the CPC). Moreover, that precise point has already been considered
and rejected by this court in _Jasbir Singh_ , when it concluded that the
right was properly framed as one available within a reasonable time and that
required a consideration and balancing of the relevant facts and circumstances
(_Jasbir Singh_ at [49]).

35 Before us, Mr Thuraisingam suggested that the thrust of the first question
(even if it was not quite drafted in this way) was directed at whether access
to counsel must be afforded to the arrested person within sufficient time to
enable him to be represented at the first mention before a magistrate, which
will be within 48 hours of arrest. Mr Thuraisingam submitted that this issue
had not been considered before by the courts and further submitted that if the
right to counsel was properly understood in this way, then whenever the right
was denied to the arrested person, he would be entitled to be released
immediately and in any event could not be held in remand in such
circumstances.

36 In our judgment, this, in substance, was just a new way of characterising
the real issue in contention, which is whether the right to counsel that is
assured under Art 9(3) is one that may be availed of immediately upon arrest
or within a reasonable time. This was squarely dealt with and disposed of by
this court in _Jasbir Singh_ and we are satisfied that the decision in that
case is not only settled law but also good law. In our judgment, there are
adequate safeguards within the statutory framework that is in place to enable
the court to ensure that in any given case, the balance is in fact being
appropriately struck between the interests of the arrested person on the one
hand and the public interest in effective police investigations on the other.
This underlay the approach taken by this court in _Jasbir Singh_ and nothing
was put forward that persuaded us that we should revisit this settled aspect
of our law.

37 As to Mr Thuraisingam’s suggestion, that if the alleged right he contended
for was breached, this would entitle the arrested person to an order for his
immediate release, in our judgment this was untenable because _habeas corpus_
is not an available remedy to a person in such circumstances; the courts will
not order the release of a person in _habeas corpus_ proceedings unless it can
be shown that the detention itself is illegal or unlawful (_Lee Mau Seng_ at
[21]–[22]).

38 We therefore did not see that there was any open controversy in the first
question and hence this question did not call for a reference to this Court
under s 397(1) of the CPC.

39 As for the second question that was framed by the Applicant, what is a
“reasonable time” within which the right to counsel can be exercised is
inherently a question of fact in the sense that it calls for a factual inquiry
of all the relevant considerations. It is evident that this is not a question
of law that can be answered in the abstract. In the circumstances we did not
see any basis for this question to be referred.

Conclusion

40 For these reasons, we dismissed the criminal motion filed by the Applicant
on the basis that the questions sought to be referred to this Court pursuant
to s 397(1) of the CPC were not questions of law of public interest. It was
therefore unnecessary for us to consider the other requirements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 May 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

