Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Arun Kaliamurthy and others _v_ Public Prosecutor and another matter  
[2014] SGHC 117

Case Number| :| Criminal Motion Nos 32 and 36 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 June 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eugene Thuraisingam (Messrs Eugene Thuraisingam) and Ravi
s/o Madasamy (Messrs L F Violet Netto) for the applicants; Hui Choon Kuen, Tai
Wei Shyong and Sarah Ong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Arun Kaliamurthy and others — Public Prosecutor  
  
23 June 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye JC:

Introduction

1 The applicants (“the accused persons”) in Criminal Motion No 32 of 2014 (“CM
32”) are five Indian nationals who face criminal charges of rioting under the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) for their participation in the riot at
Little India on 8 December 2013. They are represented by their counsel, Mr
Ravi s/o Madasamy (“Mr Ravi”). Due to the unprecedented scale of the riot, the
Minister for Home Affairs appointed a Committee of Inquiry (“COI”) under s 9
of the Inquiries Act (Cap 139A, 2008 Rev Ed) to inquire into events
surrounding the riot on 8 December 2013. For the purposes of the inquiry, the
COI conducted a hearing which commenced on 19 February 2014 and concluded on
26 March 2014 (“the COI hearing”).

2 On 2 April 2014, Mr Ravi filed CM 32 seeking to quash the criminal charges
faced by the accused persons. This was on the basis that the inquiry violated
the _sub judice_ rule as it would prejudice the accused persons’ rights to a
fair trial. The prosecution subsequently filed Criminal Motion No 36 of 2014
(“CM 36”) to strike out CM 32 on the grounds that CM 32 was frivolous and
vexatious and that it was an abuse of the court process. Mr Ravi then applied
to withdraw CM 32 on 14 April 2014 and, in response, the prosecution applied
to withdraw CM 36 on 23 April 2014.

3 Parties appeared before me on 23 May 2014 and I granted leave to withdraw
both CM 32 and CM 36. During the course of the hearing, the prosecution also
applied for a personal costs order against Mr Ravi, who was represented by his
own counsel, Mr Eugene Thuraisingam (“Mr Thuraisingam”), pursuant to s 357(1)
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). The costs order
sought by the prosecution is one to the effect that Mr Ravi shall personally
bear the costs of the prosecution amounting to $1,000. I must therefore decide
whether the circumstances of this case justify the making of such a personal
costs order. However, before I proceed to analyse the factual matrix of this
case, I shall first examine the powers of this court in making a personal
costs order against a defence counsel.

Powers of the court in making a personal costs order against a defence counsel

4 Pursuant to s 357(1) of the CPC, this court may make the following orders
relating to costs against a defence counsel:

**Costs against defence counsel**

**357.-(1**) Where it appears to a court that costs have been incurred
unreasonably or improperly in any proceedings or have been wasted by a failure
to conduct proceedings with reasonable competence and expedition, the court
may make against any advocate whom it considers responsible (whether
personally or through an employee or agent) an order —

(_a_) disallowing the costs as between the advocate and his client; or

(_b_) directing the advocate to repay to his client costs which the client has
been ordered to pay to any person.

5 Section 357(1)(a) deals with solicitor and client costs between the defence
counsel and the accused. This provision is not relevant in this case as Mr
Ravi acted pro bono for the five accused persons. The pertinent provision is s
357(1)(b) which empowers a court to order a defence counsel to repay to the
accused costs which the accused has been ordered to pay to any party such as
the prosecution. It appears from the wording of s 357(1)(b) that it can only
be made upon a costs order being made against the accused. Otherwise, there
would be nothing for the defence counsel to repay to the accused and any order
made under s 357(1)(b) will be, in effect, useless. This then raises the issue
of whether this court can order a defence counsel to bear the prosecution’s
costs personally in the absence of any costs order being made against the
accused. To address this point , I shall have to consider the following
issues:

(a) Whether s 357(1) can be interpreted as implicitly allowing this court to
order a defence counsel to pay the costs of the prosecution directly in the
absence of a costs order being made against his client; and

(b) Whether this court has the inherent power to make such personal costs
orders against a defence counsel even if it cannot do so under s 357(1).

Powers of the court in making a personal costs order against a defence counsel
under s 357(1) of the CPC

6 Section 357(1) of the CPC clearly allows for only two types of orders that
may be made against a defence counsel. This court may either disallow
solicitor and client costs between a defence counsel and the accused or order
a defence counsel to repay the accused any costs the accused is ordered to pay
to others. This provision does not permit the court to order a defence counsel
to pay the costs of the prosecution directly without the client being ordered
to pay costs first.

7 Nonetheless, the purposive approach to statutory interpretation is not
confined to a provision that is ambiguous or inconsistent: _Planmarine AG v
Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 669 at [22]. I must
still consider the object and purpose of s 357(1) when interpreting it
pursuant to s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed). In this
regard, I note the decision of V K Rajah JA in _Zhou Tong v Public Prosecutor_
[2010] 4 SLR 534 (“ _Zhou Tong v PP_ ”) where he observed at [25] that:

The court's inherent jurisdiction to make personal costs orders against
solicitors was first codified in O 59 r 8 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed) ("the ROC") in respect of civil proceedings, and more recently in
s 357 of the Criminal Procedure Code Act 2010 (No 15 of 2010) ("the CPC Act
2010") in respect of criminal proceedings. It is to be noted that the CPC Act
2010 was passed by Parliament on 19 May 2010 and assented to by the President
on 10 June 2010 but has yet come into force. I now turn to both provisions so
as to elaborate on the court's jurisdiction to make personal costs orders
against solicitors in proceedings such as the present one. Ultimately, in
determining the scope of the court's inherent jurisdiction in this respect, it
must be borne in mind that both O 59 r 8 of the ROC and s 357 of the CPC Act
2010 are based on the very same practical and ethical considerations (see _Tan
King Hiang v United Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 529 ("_Tan
King Hiang_ ") at [15]):

(a) the law imposes a duty on solicitors to exercise reasonable care and skill
in conducting their clients' affairs although an advocate enjoys immunity from
claims for negligence by his clients in respect of his conduct and management
of a case in court and the pre-trial work immediately connected with it; and

(b) a litigant should not be financially prejudiced by the unjustifiable
conduct of litigation by his opponent or his opponent's solicitor.

Thus the underlying principle behind the court’s power to make a costs order
against a defence counsel, which is codified in s 357(1) of the CPC, is that
“the court has a right and duty to supervise the conduct of its solicitors and
in so doing, penalise any conduct which tends to defeat justice”: _Zhou Tong v
PP_ at [23]. Rajah JA then further elaborated on the reason for introducing s
357(1) at [34]:

… Parliament had enacted [s 357(1)] to remind solicitors of their obligation
to ensure that they properly discharge all their professional responsibilities
to their clients in all criminal proceedings, including magistrate's appeals.
The provision should be viewed as a timely reminder to all who practice at the
criminal bar. Unfortunately, at present, a small number of solicitors do not
conscientiously discharge their professional responsibilities in court
proceedings. Their cases are inadequately prepared and their research usually
barren. These solicitors often file frivolous appeals because they do not
think it will result in any personal downside. Section 357 unequivocally
signals to this small number of solicitors that they will have to immediately
haul themselves up by their own bootstraps.

8 The prosecution submitted that a liberal interpretation of s 357(1) which
allows for the court to order a defence counsel to pay the costs of the
prosecution in the absence of a costs order against the accused may further
enhance the supervisory powers of the court over the conduct of its
solicitors. It may also serve as a stronger reminder to defence counsel of
their obligation to ensure that they properly discharge all their professional
responsibilities to the accused in all criminal proceedings. However, aside
from the submissions made by the prosecution, I must also bear in mind the
principle against doubtful penalisation when interpreting s 357(1). As stated
by the Court of Appeal in _Shorvon Simon v Singapore Medical Council_ [2006] 1
SLR(R) 182 at [31]:

… It is trite law that the exercise of and the ambit of statutory powers in a
penal context ought to be construed narrowly and/or strictly as the case may
be (_per_ F A R Bennion, _Statutory Interpretation_ , _A Code_ (Butterworths,
4th Ed, 2002) at pp 705-706:

It is a principle of legal policy that a person should not be penalised except
under clear law. ... _Whenever it can be argued that an enactment has a
meaning requiring infliction of a detriment of any kind, the principle against
doubtful penalisation comes into play_.

[emphasis added]

9 To allow s 357(1) to be interpreted as allowing this court to make an
additional form of costs order would subject defence counsel to an additional
form of detriment in the event of misconduct that is not apparent from the
express wording of s 357(1). The principle against doubtful penalisation would
accordingly demand that I refrain from adopting such an interpretation.
Furthermore, I note that there is no evidence of parliamentary intention in
Hansard in support of such an interpretation. In the absence of such evidence,
I am not convinced that there exists sufficient premise for a court to
effectively insert words into s 357(1) which are absent from the provision.
This is especially so when such words seem to have been purposely omitted by
the drafters of the provision. Such a deliberate omission can be observed if
one closely scrutinises O 59 r 8(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014
Rev Ed) which was introduced before s 357(1) and from which s 357(1) is
derived from:

**Personal liability of solicitor for costs (O. 59, r. 8)**

**8.-(1**) Subject to this Rule, where it appears to the Court that costs have
been incurred unreasonably or improperly in any proceedings or have been
wasted by failure to conduct proceedings with reasonable competence and
expedition, the Court may make against any solicitor whom it considers to be
responsible (whether personally or through an employee or agent) an order -

(_a_) _disallowing the costs as between the solicitor and his client_ ; and

(_b_) directing the solicitor to repay to his client costs which the client
has been ordered to pay to other parties to the proceedings; or

(_c_) _directing the solicitor personally to indemnify such other parties
against costs payable by them_.

[emphasis added]

10 Section 357(1) utilises wording that is nearly identical to that used in O
59 r 8(1). However it clearly omits the third type of order which a court may
make in civil proceedings under O 59 r 8(1)(c). Order 59 r 8(1)(c) allows a
court to order a solicitor to indemnify another party in the absence of any
costs order against his client. This means that a solicitor in a civil
proceeding may be ordered to pay the costs of another party directly without
the court ordering his client to pay costs to that other party. If the
drafters of s 357(1) intended for a court to be able to make such an order in
criminal proceedings, why did they not include a provision similar to that in
O 59 r 8(1)(c) in s 357(1)? The fact that s 357(1) utilises nearly identical
wording would indicate that the drafters had considered O 59 r 8(1) when they
drafted s 357(1). The drafters, if they so wished, could have included in s
357(1) a provision which mirrors O 59 r 8(1)(c) such that the court may order
a defence counsel to indemnify the prosecution for costs incurred by the
prosecution. They did not do so. Although the reasons for such an omission are
not apparent, it must be taken to be a deliberate omission in the absence of
evidence indicating otherwise. I must therefore respect the decision of the
drafters. I cannot usurp their role and insert words into s 357(1) which they
have decided to omit. If any insertion should be made, it should only be made
through amendments to s 357(1) introduced by the legislature in the future. It
is thus clear that the current s 357(1) cannot be interpreted as implicitly
allowing a court to order a defence counsel to pay the costs of the
prosecution directly without making a costs order against the accused.

Powers of the court in making a personal costs order against a defence counsel
under its inherent power

11 In _Zhou Tong v PP_ , Rajah JA stated at [22] that:

It appears to me that the court may always order a solicitor to personally
bear the costs of litigation by exercising its inherent jurisdiction …

In light of the later Court of Appeal decision in _Re Nalpon Zero Geraldo
Mario_ [2013] 3 SLR 258, such “inherent jurisdiction” should be more
accurately described as this court’s inherent power. If this court cannot make
an order for a defence counsel to pay to the prosecution costs incurred by the
prosecution in the absence of a costs order against the accused under s 357(1)
of the CPC, can it do so pursuant to an exercise of its inherent power
instead? The prosecution submitted that the court can do so pursuant to an
exercise of its inherent power and relied on Rajah JA’s decision in _Zhou Tong
v PP_.

12 In _Zhou Tong v PP_ , Rajah JA contemplated making an order disallowing
costs between the defence counsel in that case and his clients such that the
defence counsel was to refund the costs paid to him by his clients (no such
order was made eventually since the defence counsel voluntarily undertook to
refund his clients). Such a costs order is allowed for under s 357(1)(a).
However, s 357 was not yet in force at the time the case was heard. Rajah JA
was therefore concerned with whether he may nonetheless make such a costs
order without relying on s 357(1)(a). He found that he could do so. In that
context, Rajah JA’s statement means nothing more than the fact that this court
may always make such a costs order even if s 357(1)(a) is not in force by
exercising its inherent power. Therefore, it cannot support the proposition
that the court may, in the exercise of its inherent power, make an order
requiring a defence counsel to pay the costs of the prosecution in the absence
of a costs order being made against the accused.

13 The issue is what types of costs orders the court can make pursuant to its
inherent power. There has been no local decision that has discussed the types
of costs orders this court may make against defence counsel before or after
_Zhou Tong v PP_ pursuant to its inherent power. The introduction of s 357(1)
provided much needed certainty in this regard. The prosecution, however,
argued that s 357(1) gives rise to a lacuna as it does not provide for a power
of the court to order a defence counsel to pay the costs of the prosecution
directly without making a costs order against the accused. The prosecution
then suggested that this lacuna can be bridged by finding that the court can
nevertheless rely on its inherent power to make such an order. According to
the prosecution, this would widen the supervisory power of the court over
defence counsel which will then ensure that defence counsels do not
frivolously and unnecessarily escalate costs in criminal proceedings. I do not
agree with the prosecution. I do not think that the inherent power of this
court grants it _carte blanche_ to devise any costs order it thinks fit when s
357(1) clearly delineates the types of orders this court may make. To hold
otherwise would appear that this court can re-write provisions within the CPC
to fit the “justice” of each case.

14 Furthermore, in Goh Yihan, “The Inherent Jurisdiction and Inherent Powers
of the Singapore Courts: Rethinking the Limits of their Exercise” [2011] SJLS
178, Professor Goh made the following observation at 201–202:

Most of the time Parliament does not _expressly_ indicate its intent in
statutes. Assuming no express prohibition, the second stage of the test is
then to ask whether Parliament has impliedly excluded the courts’ inherent
jurisdiction or power in the matter concerned. This approach reflects the
constitutional point that the courts are bound by the legislative intent as
embodied in statutes.

I agree with this approach. Although there is no express intention of
parliament to limit this court’s inherent power, there seems to be an implied
intention to do so. As I have explained above (at [10]), there appears to be a
deliberate omission on the part of the draftsmen of s 357(1) to include a
provision equivalent to O 59 r 8(1)(c) of the Rules of Court. This would
indicate a deliberate move to limit the power of this court by restricting the
costs orders it may make to the two types of orders provided for under s
357(1). It would then be contrary to legislative intent to nonetheless hold
that this court may exercise its inherent power to make costs orders not
provided for by s 357(1).

15 I therefore find that this court cannot order a defence counsel to pay the
costs of the prosecution in the absence of a costs order being made against
the accused either under s 357(1) or pursuant to an exercise of its inherent
power. The only recourse this court may have is s 357(1)(b). However, before I
proceed to examine the operation of s 357(1)(b), I would first like to make
some observations as to the difference between costs in civil and criminal
proceedings.

Costs in civil proceedings versus costs in criminal proceedings

16 Rajah JA noted that the powers of this court under O 59 r 8(1) of the Rules
of Court and s 357(1) of the CPC share the same practical and ethical
considerations in _Zhou Tong v PP_ at [25]. However, one must still appreciate
the differences between civil and criminal proceedings. I am of the opinion
that the more limited powers of this court under s 357(1) as compared to O 59
r 8(1), as evidenced by the omission to include a provision similar to O 59 r
8(1)(c) in s 357(1), is a result of the differences between costs ordered in
civil proceedings and costs ordered in criminal proceedings.

17 In civil proceedings which involve disputes between private parties
advancing their own private interests, costs orders are usually made in the
course of proceedings. The general principle that “costs follow the event”
governs such orders. This means that the costs of an action are usually
awarded to the successful litigant. However, in criminal proceedings, costs
orders are usually not made. Costs orders against the defence or the
prosecution are made only in very limited circumstances and are not premised
upon who is the successful litigant. For example, under s 355(1) of the CPC, a
court may only order costs against the defence after a conviction if it is
found that the defence was conducted in an “extravagant and unnecessary”
manner. In the case of the prosecution, s 355(2) of the CPC allows a court to
order costs against a prosecution after an acquittal if it is found that the
prosecution was “frivolous or vexatious”.

18 The reason behind limiting ground for the award of costs in criminal
proceedings is the public interest element in criminal litigation. Criminal
proceedings are not initiated for the purpose of advancing private interests.
Proceedings are brought by the prosecution in exercise of its largely
unfettered and lightly regulated prosecutorial responsibility, acting in the
public interest and for the sake of the maintenance of law and order. It
would, thus, not be right to expose prosecutors to the risk of an adverse
costs order simply because properly brought proceedings were unsuccessful
unless there is dishonesty or malice. Conversely, the defence acting honestly
and reasonably must be encouraged to advance the cause of justice without fear
of financial prejudice. Both the prosecution and the defence are discharging
public functions in the interests of justice by securing convictions and
acquittals of criminals and innocents respectively. Neither should be deterred
from performing such public functions out of fear of a likely adverse costs
order. As a result, adverse costs orders are only provided for in limited
circumstances.

19 From this, it is clear that costs orders in criminal proceedings are
limited such that the defence is able to perform its public function without
fear of costs sanction. In this regard, a defence counsel also constitutes
part of the defence together with the accused. It then follows that the public
interest element in litigation should also apply in the case of a defence
counsel who conducts the defence on behalf of the accused. A defence counsel
should also not be deterred from performing his functions in advancement of
the public interest as a result of fear of financial prejudice. This then,
perhaps, explains why the orders that can be made against a defence counsel
under s 357(1) are more limited than those under O 59 r 8(1). This may also be
what the draftsmen of s 357(1) were considering when they omitted the
inclusion of a provision similar to O 59 r 8(1)(c).

20 By limiting the amount of costs a defence counsel can be ordered to pay to
the amount of costs his client has to pay, there is less fear of financial
prejudice on the part of the defence counsel when he conducts the defence on
behalf of the accused. This is achieved by restricting the court’s power such
that it may only make a defence counsel indirectly pay the costs of the
prosecution via s 357(1)(b). However, I would like to end with a reminder to
defence counsel that this does not mean that a defence counsel guilty of
misconduct does not have to bear any consequences in the event that no costs
order is made against the accused. This court may nonetheless make an order
disallowing solicitor and client costs between the defence counsel and the
accused pursuant to s 357(1)(a) in such a case.

Can an order under s 357(1)(b) be made against Mr Ravi?

21 From my findings above, Mr Ravi can only be ordered to pay the costs of the
prosecution indirectly via a costs order under s 357(1)(b). Consequently, for
the prosecution’s application to succeed, they must show:

(a) that this court should order the accused persons to pay the costs of the
prosecution ; and

(b) that Mr Ravi’s conduct falls under that described in s 357(1) such that
this court should order Mr Ravi to reimburse the accused persons.

However, before I proceed to deal with these two issues, I must satisfy myself
that, as a matter of natural justice, all parties have had the opportunity to
be heard.

Have all parties been given the opportunity to be heard?

The accused persons

22 The issue of whether this court should order the accused persons to pay the
costs of the prosecution directly affects the interest of the accused persons.
It is therefore necessary that they be given a chance to submit on this issue.
Although three accused persons and Mr Ravi were absent from the first hearing
on 23 May 2014, all parties were present at the further hearing on 2 June
2014. During the further hearing on 2 June 2014, Mr Thuraisingam made
submissions on behalf of the accused persons in relation to the issue as to
whether they should be ordered to pay costs. There were no objections made to
Mr Thuraisingam submitting on behalf of the accused persons by the accused
persons or Mr Ravi. I am therefore satisfied that all the accused persons have
been adequately represented and have been given a fair opportunity to be
heard.

Mr Ravi

23 Section 357(2) of the CPC provides that:

No order under this section shall be made against an advocate unless he has
been given a reasonable opportunity to appear before the court and show cause
why the order should not be made.

This procedural provision is a mandatory requirement that must be complied
with to safeguard the principles of natural justice. Mr Ravi must be given
reasonable opportunity to explain to the court why the costs order sought by
the prosecution should not be made against him.

24 The prosecution, in its letter dated 23 April 2014, informed Mr Ravi that
it would apply for a costs order against him under s 357 of the CPC. In the
same letter the prosecution provided its detailed reasons why a costs order
should be made against Mr Ravi. I am therefore satisfied that proper notice
has been given to Mr Ravi as to the prosecution’s intention to apply for a
costs order against him.

25 Mr Ravi was not present at the first hearing on 23 May 2014. He was instead
represented by his legal counsel, Mr Thuraisingam, who urged the court to
allow him to argue the case in Mr Ravi’s absence. Mr Thuraisingam also
acknowledged that s 357(2) of the CPC had been complied with. In consideration
of the representations made by Mr Thuraisingam, I proceeded to hear parties’
submissions on the matter. In any event, Mr Ravi was present at the further
hearing on 2 June 2014. Mr Thuraisingam made submissions on his behalf and Mr
Ravi did not object to this. Based on these circumstances, I am satisfied that
s 357(2) of the CPC has been complied with and that Mr Ravi has been given a
reasonable opportunity to be heard. With this established, I proceed to deal
with the first issue regarding the making of a costs order against the accused
persons.

Can the accused persons be ordered to pay the costs of the prosecution?

What are the applicable provisions of the CPC?

26 As I have mentioned above (at [17]), an accused person can only be ordered
to pay the costs of the prosecution in limited circumstances as laid out by
certain provisions in the CPC. The first issue is to determine which provision
is applicable in this case. Section 355(1) of the CPC is clearly not
applicable here as it only deals with costs orders which can be made against
an accused after a conviction. I am then left to consider s 409 and s 356(1)
of the CPC.

Section 409 of the CPC

27 The prosecution submitted that s 409 of the CPC, which deals with the
making of a costs order upon the dismissal of a criminal motion, is the
applicable provision in this case. Section 409 of the CPC states that:

**409.** If the High Court _dismisses_ a criminal motion and is of the opinion
that the motion was frivolous or vexatious or otherwise an abuse of the
process of the Court, it may, either on the application of the respondent or
on its own motion, order the applicant of the criminal motion to pay to the
respondent costs on an indemnity basis or otherwise fixed by the Court.

[emphasis added]

Mr Thuraisingam however pointed out that this case involved the withdrawal of
CM 32. He argued that s 409 is not applicable because a withdrawal does not
amount to a dismissal. The question to be dealt with is then whether a
withdrawal of a criminal motion by the party who filed the motion can be
deemed to be a dismissal of the criminal motion by this court under s 409.

28 _Black’s Law Dictionary_ (Bryan A Garner gen ed) (West Group, 9th Ed, 2009)
defines “dismiss” at p 537 as “[t]o send (something) away; specif., to
terminate (an action or claim) without further hearing, esp. before the trial
of the issues involved.” Such a definition was considered by the Indian High
Court in _Premier Enterprises and Ors v The State of Meghalaya and Ors_ AIR
1992 Gau 98 and the court proceeded to explain at [11]:

In our opinion the word “dismiss” suggests _stopping or terminating a legal
proceeding or an action without a final judgment determining the rights of the
parties in controversy_ … “dismissal” may or may not be a final decision on
merits of the rights in controversy, but the _dismissal puts an end to the
suit_ or terminates the suit by disposing of. …

[emphasis added]

29 I agree that it does not require a determination of the merits of an action
after a hearing for this court to dismiss the action. An action may be stopped
in many ways. It could be discontinued or withdrawn or it could end after a
hearing and a decision in favour of the respondent. It could also end before a
hearing if, for example, there is a default of appearance, or if a party fails
to proceed in accordance with the direction of the court. I am therefore of
the opinion that withdrawing a criminal motion, which effectively stops or
terminates the motion, amounts to dismissing the criminal motion. Once CM 32
was filed it triggered off an action. In this case, without the court’s order
granting leave to withdraw the criminal motion, CM 32 will remain in the
court’s docket. It is this order granting leave to withdraw the criminal
motion that terminates CM 32 and brings closure to the proceedings. By making
such an order, the court effectively “dismisses” the criminal motion.

30 Furthermore, I do not think that there should be a distinction drawn
between a withdrawal and a dismissal in the context of s 409. The purpose of s
409 is to provide this court with supervisory powers over the conduct of both
accused persons and the prosecution in filing criminal motions. Its power to
order costs against an applicant who files a frivolous or vexatious criminal
motion, or abuses the process of the court by doing so, should not be limited
to instances where they are dismissed after a hearing on the merits of the
criminal motion. An applicant should not be able to escape the scope of s 409
by withdrawing a frivolous or vexatious criminal motion which causes the
respondent to incur unnecessary costs. This is especially so if one considers
the fact that a costs order under s 409 is also compensatory, and not merely
punitive, in nature. Therefore, considering the rationale behind s 409, I am
convinced that by making an order granting leave to withdraw a criminal
motion, this court “dismisses” the criminal motion under s 409.

31 In light of the applicability of s 409, I can order costs against the
accused persons in this case if I find that CM 32 is frivolous or vexatious,
or an abuse of process of the court. Section 409 is a relatively new provision
and has never been considered before and there has been no discussion of what
is frivolous or vexatious, or an abuse of process of the court, in the context
of s 409. However, what is frivolous or vexatious, or an abuse of process of
the court has been discussed extensively in the context of civil proceedings,
especially under O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules of Court. I do not think there
should be any difference between the definitions under the Rules of Court and
the CPC in this regard. Different standards should not be imposed on the
conduct of court proceedings, whether they are civil or criminal proceedings.
Accordingly, what is frivolous or vexatious, or an abuse of process of the
court, should not differ between civil and criminal proceedings.

32 What amounts to a frivolous or vexatious proceeding, or one that is an
abuse of process of the court, has been explained by the Court of Appeal in
_Riduan bin Yusof v Khng Thian Huat and another_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 188. Lai Siu
Chu J who delivered the judgment of the court held at [29]–[30]:

29 In  _Afro-Asia Shipping Co (Pte) Ltd v Haridass Ho & Partners_ [2003] 2
SLR(R) 491 I had defined (at [22]) the words "frivolous or vexatious" under O
18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules to mean "cases which are obviously unsustainable or
wrong, [and where] the words connote purposelessness in relation to the
process or a lack of seriousness or truth and a lack of  _bona fides_ ". The
definition as held by Yong Pung How CJ in  _Goh Koon Suan v Heng Gek Kiau_
[1990] 2 SLR(R) 705 at [15], also included proceedings where a party "is not
acting  _bona fide_ and merely wishes to annoy or embarrass his opponent, or
when it is not calculated to lead to any practical result".

30 Similarly, the phrase "abuse of process" under O 18 r 19(1)(d) of the Rules
was explained by the Court of Appeal in  _Gabriel Peter & Partners v Wee Chong
Jin_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [22] thus:

... It includes considerations of public policy and the interests of justice.
This term signifies that the process of the court must be used  _bona fide_
and properly and must not be abused. The court will prevent the improper use
of its machinery. It will prevent the judicial process from being used as a
means of vexation and oppression in the process of litigation. The categories
of conduct rendering a claim frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of process are
not closed and will depend on all the relevant circumstances of the case. A
type of conduct which has been judicially acknowledged as an abuse of process
is the bringing of an action for a collateral purpose, as was raised by the
respondents. In _Lonrho plc v Fayed (No 5)_ [1993] 1 WLR 1489, Stuart-Smith LJ
stated that, if an action was not brought _bona fide_ for the purpose of
obtaining relief but for some other ulterior or collateral purpose, it might
be struck out as an abuse of the process of the court.

33 Accordingly, CM 32 is frivolous or vexatious, if the motion is obviously
unsustainable or wrong, or if there is a lack of _bona fides_ in the filing of
the CM 32. It will also be an abuse of process if it is not brought _bona
fide_ for the purpose of obtaining relief but for some other ulterior or
collateral purpose. To determine whether CM 32 is frivolous or vexatious, or
an abuse of process of the court, I must therefore have regard to the merits
of CM 32, the conduct of proceedings in relation to CM 32 and the surrounding
facts.

Section 356 of the CPC

34 In any event, s 356 of the CPC is also applicable in this case. It states
that:

**Costs ordered by Court of Appeal or High Court**

**356.-(1**) The Court of Appeal or the High Court in the exercise of its
powers under Part XX may award costs to be paid by or to the parties as it
thinks fit.

(2) Where the Court of Appeal or the High Court makes any order for costs to
be paid by the prosecution to an accused, the Court must be satisfied that the
conduct of the matter under Part XX by the prosecution was frivolous or
vexatious.

(3) Where the Court of Appeal or the High Court makes any order for costs to
be paid by an accused to the prosecution, the Court must be satisfied that the
conduct of the matter under Part XX by the accused was done in an extravagant
and unnecessary manner.

The exercise of this court’s power in relation to criminal motions falls under
Division 5 of Part XX of the CPC. Therefore, I have the power to award costs
to be paid by the accused persons to the prosecution in this case even though
the parties had applied to withdraw CM 32 and CM 36. However, in accordance
with s 356(3), such a costs order can only be made if I am satisfied that the
conduct of the matter by the accused persons was done in an “extravagant and
unnecessary manner.” In this regard, I would like to note that as the legal
counsel of the accused persons, anything done by Mr Ravi on behalf of the
accused persons constitutes the conduct of the matter by the accused persons.

35 In _Abex Centre Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 598 (_Abex
Centre v PP_), Yong Pung How CJ exercised his power to order the accused
person to pay the costs of prosecution in the appeal pursuant to s 262(1) of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed), the equivalent of the
current s 356(1) of the CPC. In doing so, he considered whether the conduct of
the matter was extravagant and unnecessary. Yong CJ also elaborated on this
test at [15]:

It should be emphasised that although the strength of the defence, whether at
trial or on appeal, is a relevant factor to be considered by the court in
awarding costs, it is by no means conclusive. The important test is whether
the accused had conducted his defence or appeal "extravagantly and
unnecessarily". In applying this test, _the facts of the case, the strength of
the defence and course of conduct of the defence must be closely scrutinised_.
[emphasis added]

The matters to be assessed in determining whether CM 32 is frivolous or
vexatious, or an abuse of process of the court, are similar to those _vis-à-
vis_ determining whether the accused persons had conducted the matter in an
extravagant and unnecessary manner. I shall therefore proceed to assess the
merits of CM 32, the course of conduct in relation to CM 32 and the facts
surrounding CM 32 in determining whether costs should be ordered against the
accused persons under s 409 and s 356(1) of the CPC.

Should costs be ordered against the accused under s 409 and s 356(1) of the
CPC?

The merits of CM 32

Allegation of _sub judice_

36 CM 32 is an application for this court to “quash” the criminal charges
currently faced by the accused persons. The premise of this application is
that the inquiry conducted by the COI offended the _sub judice_ rule as it
would prejudice the accused persons’ rights to a fair trial. I would first
like to point out that it is trite law that the _sub judice_ rule deals with
acts that amount to contempt of court. Therefore, breach of the _sub judice_
rule may only result in a fine or a term of imprisonment for the contemnor.

37 In any event, the joint affidavit made by the accused persons in support of
CM 32 discloses no grounds for making out a breach of the _sub judice_ rule.
All that it contains are mere assertions. For example, para 4 of the affidavit
states that:

The rights guaranteed under natural justice, and the proper conduct of a
criminal trial, requires that the matter awaiting the Court’s disposal not be
rendered _sub judice_. The COI and its public inquiry, has already offended
the principles of natural law, and has undermined the due process of law,
whereby it caused for the proceedings underway in a criminal trial to be
prejudiced, by way of its own action, and whereby it purported to reveal
evidence, and thereby injure the rights of the accused to be heard fairly and
without prejudice in a proper court of law. The matter has thus been rendered
_sub judice_.

38 There is nothing in this paragraph, or in any other part of the affidavit,
that points to any act of the COI that offended the _sub judice_ rule. No
specific comments made by the COI pursuant to the inquiry were referred to
much less how these comments related to the criminal cases of each of the
accused persons. It is claimed that the COI “purported to reveal evidence”
without any mention of what this evidence is. No reason was provided as to why
the COI has “caused for proceedings underway in a criminal trial to be
prejudiced, by way of its own action”. The affidavit then went on to state at
para 5 that:

We submit that the COI posited a real danger and that it was not some fanciful
conjecture, and that the inquiry being conducted by the COI, while there also
subsisted a criminal trail emanating from the same matter and same set of
circumstances, necessarily prejudiced the one criminal trial by way of the
public disclosure of purported findings of the other Inquiry. The COI has thus
violated our right to a fair trial and hearing.

39 Once again assertions are made without any meaningful substantiation. While
it is asserted that the COI posed “a real danger” and that this was not based
on “some fanciful conjecture”, there is nothing in the affidavit that suggests
that it was not based on “fanciful conjecture”. Even though the affidavit made
reference to the “public disclosure of purported findings” of the inquiry, it
did not point towards any particular disclosure. Such vague assertions made it
impossible to identify any breach of the _sub judice_ rule.

40 The application by the accused persons made under CM 32 is therefore
clearly devoid of merit. The relief pleaded for does not correspond with the
_sub judice_ claim. Further, the accused persons did not adduce an iota of
evidence to support such a _sub judice_ claim.

Request to quash the charges against the accused persons

41 In any event, the court also has no power to “quash” the charges at this
juncture of the criminal proceedings when the trials of the accused persons
have not even begun. Such a relief sought under CM 32, which should have been
properly described as an application for this court to quash the criminal
proceedings faced by the accused persons, is impossible to grant at such an
early stage of criminal proceedings. It is well established that criminal
proceedings against an accused person can only be “quashed” in the event that
the court finds that the charges are not made out and that the accused should
be acquitted. Such a finding cannot be made before a trial. The power to
discontinue criminal proceedings before trial is exercisable at the sole
discretion of the Attorney-General and not the court. This is clearly spelt
out in Article 35(8) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985
Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint):

The Attorney-General shall have power, exercisable at his discretion, to
institute, conduct or discontinue any proceedings for any offence.

This position is also reiterated under s 11(1) of the CPC:

The Attorney-General shall be the Public Prosecutor and shall have the control
and direction of criminal prosecutions and proceedings under this Code or any
other written law.

42 This position was also affirmed by Yong CJ in _Arjan Singh v Public
Prosecutor_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 542 at [8]:

When the Public Prosecutor ("the PP") decides to inform the court that he will
not further prosecute a defendant upon a charge, he does so in the exercise of
this discretionary power vested in him by the Constitution and the CPC. There
can be no suggestion that the court may interfere with the prosecutorial
discretion to make such a decision.

43 Therefore, not only is the _sub judice_ allegation without merit, the
relief sought by CM 32 is something beyond the powers of this court to grant.
Nonetheless, I recognise that the fact that an application is unmeritorious
may not be sufficient ground for this court to find that the conduct of the
matter falls under s 356(3) and s 409 CPC.

The course of conduct in relation to CM 32

44 I note that Mr Ravi applied to withdraw CM 32 immediately after the
prosecution applied to strike out CM 32 by way of CM 36 on 11 April 2014. He
did so on the basis that he realised that CM 32 would not succeed in light of
CM 36. Nonetheless, the fact that a criminal motion was withdrawn does not
prevent a finding that the conduct of the matter was extravagant and
unnecessary. In _Abex Centre v PP_ , the fact that the appeal by the accused
was withdrawn did not prevent Yong CJ from finding that the filing of the
notice of appeal by the accused was extravagant and unnecessary and ordering
costs against the accused. Thus it cannot be the case that an accused person
can file all sorts of frivolous or vexatious criminal motions while avoiding
adverse costs orders so long as he made sure to withdraw the applications.

45 The filing of a criminal motion is a serious matter. One cannot file a
criminal motion without serious consideration of the merits of his case and
whether the filing of such a criminal motion is worthwhile. Even if withdrawn,
there may be costs that have already been incurred by other parties. In this
case, although the wastage of the court’s time and resources are minimal as CM
32 and CM 36 were withdrawn, the prosecution incurred unnecessary costs by
having to file CM 36 in response with supporting affidavits. Such costs would
not have been incurred if the accused persons had not filed CM 32 in the first
place.

The facts of the case

46 Mr Ravi had previously written to the secretariat of the COI on 20 January
2014, requesting to represent his clients, which included the accused persons,
at the COI hearing. This was more than two months before the filing of CM 32.
The secretariat replied to Mr Ravi’s letter on 27 January 2014 asking him to
identify his clients and to provide an outline of the representation or
evidence which he intended to put forth on behalf of each client. Mr Ravi then
sent another letter to the secretariat of the COI on 4 February 2014. The
letter contained the names of his clients. The letter also stated, _inter
alia_ , that:

We believe that no fair and objective assessment can be made without
considering the views and experiences of those accused for the disruption of
peace and harmony within our shores …

47 The secretariat of the COI subsequently replied on 6 February 2014
declining Mr Ravi’s request to represent his clients at the COI Hearing. The
letter provided reasons why Mr Ravi’s request was refused. One of the reasons
provided at para 5 of the letter was that:

As stated in the Press Release, the COI is restrained by law from ruling on or
determining the civil or criminal liability of any person. In addition, your
clients who are charged have claimed trial. In addition, their guilt or
innocence has no relevance to the Terms of Reference of the COI.

It is clear from this that in rejecting Mr Ravi’s request, the COI was
concerned with the potential breach of the _sub judice_ rule, the very rule
alleged to be breached in CM 32. In consideration of this, they refused to
accede to Mr Ravi’s request to represent his clients at the COI hearing. Why
then did Mr Ravi request to represent his clients at the COI hearing in the
first place if the concern of the accused persons was the potential breach of
the _sub judice_ rule? If his request had been allowed, the accused persons’
testimonies which are directly related to their criminal proceedings would
have been scrutinised during the COI hearing. Mr Ravi must have been aware
that this would have probably prejudiced the criminal proceedings the accused
persons are involved in which would have resulted in the _sub judice_ rule
being breached.

48 Even if the accused persons and Mr Ravi were unaware of the _sub judice_
rule, they must have been alerted of it by para 5 of the letter sent by the
secretariat of the COI on 6 February 2014. Yet they were not concerned with
the _sub judice_ rule and did not raise the issue with the COI before the COI
hearing began on 19 February 2014. In fact, they did not see fit to raise the
issue up until 1 April 2014 when Mr Ravi wrote to the secretariat of the COI
requesting the COI to discontinue the inquiry in light of the alleged
potential violation of the _sub judice_ rule. Furthermore, this was only done
after the COI hearing had already ended on 26 March 2014 despite the fact that
the COI hearing dates were a matter of public knowledge. If the accused
persons and Mr Ravi were truly concerned with a breach of the _sub judice_
rule, I do not see any reason for such an inordinate delay.

49 From these circumstances, the reasons for the filing of CM 32 on 2 April
2014 appear dubious. The complaint was in effect an unsupported allegation of
a breach of the _sub judice_ rule. Furthermore, this is a rule which the
accused persons themselves nearly induced the COI to breach if not for the
COI’s decision to reject Mr Ravi’s request to represent the accused persons at
the COI hearing.

50 In light of these circumstances and the fact that CM 32 is entirely
unmeritorious, I am satisfied that the conduct of the proceedings by the
accused persons in relation to CM 32 was extravagant and unnecessary under s
356(3) of the CPC. CM 32 itself is also frivolous and vexatious, and an abuse
of process of the court, (within the meaning of s 409) since it is obviously
unsustainable. Furthermore, there seems to be a lack of _bona fides_ in the
filing of CM 32 based on the circumstances of the case. I do note, however,
that Mr Ravi was primarily in charge of the conduct of the proceedings.
Nonetheless, as legal counsel of the accused persons, what Mr Ravi did on
their behalf is attributable to them. I therefore find that the facts
disclosed a strong case under s 356(3) and s 409 to justify making an order
against the accused persons to bear the costs of the prosecution. Following
from this, I must proceed to decide whether I should order Mr Ravi to
reimburse the accused persons under s 357(1)(b) of the CPC.

Should Mr Ravi be ordered to reimburse the accused persons

51 Mr Ravi should only be ordered to reimburse the accused persons under s
357(1)(b) of the CPC if I find Mr Ravi to be responsible for costs that have
been:

(a) incurred unreasonably or improperly in any proceedings; or

(b) wasted by a failure to conduct proceedings with reasonable competence and
expedition.

52 It is the prosecution’s submission that Mr Ravi had conducted himself
unreasonably and had failed to conduct proceedings with reasonable competence
and expedition. The following issues must therefore be addressed:

(a) Whether Mr Ravi conducted himself unreasonably;

(b) Whether Mr Ravi failed to conduct proceedings with reasonable competence
and expedition;

(c) Whether costs were incurred as a result; and

(d) Whether in the circumstances of the case it is just to order Mr Ravi to
reimburse the accused persons.

Did Mr Ravi conduct himself unreasonably?

53 Although fewer types of orders may be made against a defence counsel than
those which may be made against a solicitor in a civil proceeding, the
standard of conduct to be upheld by both should be the same. In this regard, s
357(1) of the CPC mirrors O 59 r 8(1) of the Rules of Court in laying down the
circumstances whereby the court should make a costs order against a solicitor.
Reference can therefore be made to decisions that describe what unreasonable
conduct is even though it was discussed in the context of O 59 r 8(1) of the
Rules of Court. In _Tan King Hiang v United Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd_
[2005] 3 SLR(R) 529, the majority of the Court of Appeal held at [18] that:

In _Ridehalgh_ , the English Court of Appeal had the occasion to consider the
meaning and scope of the three terms "improper", "unreasonable" and
"negligent". While we acknowledge that such terms are, by their very nature,
not amenable to precise definition, the court there did provide some very
useful guidelines. Sir Thomas Bingham MR, delivering the judgment of the
court, said (at 232-233):

…

... _The expression ["unreasonable"] aptly describes conduct which is
vexatious, designed to harass the other side rather than advance the
resolution of the case, and it makes no difference that the conduct is the
product of excessive zeal and not improper motive_. But conduct cannot be
described as unreasonable simply because it leads in the event to an
unsuccessful result or because other more cautious legal representatives would
have acted differently. _The acid test is whether the conduct permits of a
reasonable explanation_. If so, the course adopted may be regarded as
optimistic and as reflecting on a practitioner's judgment, but it is not
unreasonable.

[emphasis added]

54 Mr Ravi’s filing of CM 32 does not permit a reasonable explanation in light
of his prior conduct. He had first exposed the accused persons to the risk of
prejudice by requesting to represent them at the COI hearing. If the COI had
allowed this, it might have prejudiced the fair conduct of their criminal
trials by being in breach of the _sub judice_ rule. Furthermore, after Mr Ravi
was informed by the COI of such risks in its letter rejecting his request, he
only raised the _sub judice_ issue at a much later date. If he was truly
concerned with the _sub judice_ rule as he appears to be in filing CM 32, why
then was he willing to risk breaching the rule before filing CM 32? If he was
genuinely safeguarding the interests of the accused persons, why did he only
raise this issue after the COI hearing had ended? There does not appear to a
reasonable and logical explanation for such behaviour. The lack of such an
explanation leads me to question the _bona fides_ of Mr Ravi when he filed an
entirely baseless CM 32.

55 Nonetheless, whatever the actual motives of Mr Ravi were, the conduct of Mr
Ravi surrounding the filing of CM 32 is not a _bona fide_ attempt on his part
to advance the interests of the accused persons. This is despite the fact that
solicitors owe a duty to further the best interests of their clients. This
duty is expressly enshrined in the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed) and are reproduced below:

**Application**

**2**. ...

(2) In the interpretation of these Rules, regard shall be had to the principle
that an advocate and solicitor shall not in the conduct of his practice do any
act which would compromise or hinder the following obligations:

...

(_c_) to act in the best interests of his client and to charge fairly for work
done ...

...

**Diligence and Competence**

**12**. An advocate and solicitor shall use all reasonably available legal
means consistent with the agreement pursuant to which he is retained to
advance his clients' interest.

...

**Conduct of proceedings in client's interest**

**54**. Subject to these Rules, an advocate and solicitor shall conduct each
case in such a manner as he considers will be most advantageous to the client
so long as it does not conflict with the interests of justice, public interest
and professional ethics.

56 Mr Ravi, by volunteering to represent the accused persons at the COI
hearing, placed them at risk _vis-à-vis_ the _sub judice_ rule. He also failed
to conduct the cases of the accused persons in such a manner as he considers
will be most advantageous to them. He wanted to involve himself with the
affairs of the COI hearing even though it does not appear to offer any benefit
to the defence of the accused persons in their criminal proceedings. Such
participation might have even prejudiced the accused persons in their criminal
proceedings

57 Lastly, the affidavit in support of CM 32 also appears to support the
conclusion that Mr Ravi did not prioritise the interests of the accused
persons. Although CM 32 was allegedly filed on behalf of all the accused
persons, only three of the accused persons who were on bail affirmed and
signed the affidavit. The other two accused persons who were and still are in
remand did not do so. This raises a question of whether these two accused
persons were even consulted in the first place. Furthermore, it would appear
that as individuals in remand who have been deprived of their liberty, their
interest should be of greater concern to Mr Ravi. Despite being in such a
position, no affidavit was obtained from them in support of CM 32. One can
only wonder why Mr Ravi did not do so. For these reasons, I find that Mr Ravi
had conducted himself unreasonably.

Did Mr Ravi fail to conduct the proceedings with reasonable competence and
expedition?

58 In relation to the term “reasonable competence and expedition”, Rajah JA
held in _Zhou Tong v PP_ at [31]–[32] that:

31 As for the meaning of the phrase "reasonable competence and expedition",
_Tan King Hiang_ suggests at [14] that because the phrase replaced the
previous requirement (under the old O 59 r 8 of the Rules of Court) that costs
be incurred "improperly or without reasonable cause or wasted by undue delay
or by any other misconduct or default" and there was therefore no longer any
reference to "misconduct or default", a lower degree of impropriety would
suffice to render a solicitor personally responsible for costs. Further, it
was also suggested in _Ridehalgh_ (at 229) that the reference to "reasonable
competence" suggested "the ordinary standard of negligence and not a higher
standard requiring proof of gross neglect or serious dereliction of duty".
Indeed, the Court of Appeal observed in _Tan King Hiang_ at [21] that although
the term reasonable competence "need not in every instance imply that where
reasonable competence is not demonstrated there will be negligence, in most
cases it will probably be so".

32 At this point, it is to be noted that "negligence" in the present context
is not used as a term of art requiring proof of duty, breach, causation and
damage. As Sir Thomas Bingham MR rightly pointed out in _Ridehalgh_ ([22]
_supra_), the expression "reasonable competence" does not invoke "technical
concepts of the law of negligence" (at 232). There is hence no need to prove
that the solicitor's conduct involved an actionable breach of his duty to his
client. Be that as it may, the solicitor must still be proved to have given
"advice, [done] acts or omissions in the course of their professional work
which no member of the profession who was reasonably well-informed and
competent would have given or done or omitted to do" (see _Ridehalgh_ at 233,
citing _Saif Ali v Sydney Mitchell & Co_ [1980] AC 198). Thus, negligence
should be understood to denote a "failure to act with the competence
reasonably to be expected of ordinary members of the profession" (see
_Ridehalgh_ at 233 and _Tan King Hiang_ at [18]).

59 Mr Ravi also failed to act reasonably as a competent solicitor would. As a
solicitor Mr Ravi should be well aware of the standards to be met when
drafting an affidavit. However, CM 32 was supported by an affidavit drafted by
Mr Ravi that only contained bare assertions. Furthermore, this is not a matter
of Mr Ravi inheriting a bad case from the accused persons which resulted in a
poorly drafted affidavit. Rather, it is Mr Ravi who initiated an unmeritorious
motion on behalf of the accused persons on his own accord. I therefore find
that Mr Ravi had failed to meet the standards of competence that should guide
a solicitor’s conduct.

Were costs incurred?

60 Mr Thuraisingam informed me that Mr Ravi is representing the accused
persons on a _pro bono_ basis. _Pro bono_ work is important because it
enhances access to justice by all members of the community and I appreciate Mr
Ravi’s efforts in contributing to such a cause. However, the advocate and
solicitor’s duties to his client and to the court apply with as much force to
_pro bono_ work as they do to the most lucrative retainer. The requisite
standard to be met for legal services provided _pro bono_ should not differ
from that _vis-à-vis_ a fee-based retainer. The fact that Mr Ravi is not
charging the accused persons is no justification for filing a frivolous and
vexatious CM 32 which is extravagant and unnecessary.

61 In this case, it is clear that prosecution incurred costs as a result of
the filing of CM 32 which I have found to be part of Mr Ravi’s unreasonable
conduct. Costs were incurred in the process of filing CM 36 in response to CM
32 which could have been avoided if he had conducted himself with reasonable
competence and expedition.

Will it be just to make a costs order against Mr Ravi?

62 I am aware that the "overarching rule with regard to ordering costs against
a non-party in court proceedings is that it must, in the circumstances of the
case, be _just_ to do so": _DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Ltd v Consult Asia Pte
Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 542 at [29]. Therefore, I can only make a costs order
against Mr Ravi if I am thoroughly satisfied that this is a just case to do
so. In this case, Mr Ravi’s behaviour was a complete abuse of the legal
process which evidenced scant regard for his clients’ best interests. I am
satisfied that the prosecution has made out a strong case against Mr Ravi who
has not, through his counsel, shown cause why this court should not order
personal costs against him. I further bear in mind the fact that it is Mr
Ravi’s behaviour itself that endangered his clients. He not only put them at
risk of having to pay the costs of the prosecution here, he also nearly
induced them to commit contempt of court by requesting to represent them at
the COI hearing. Thus this is a just case to make a costs order against Mr
Ravi.

Conclusion

63 For the reasons stated, I order that the accused persons pay the costs of
these proceedings to the prosecution. I also order that Mr Ravi is to
reimburse the accused persons for the costs so paid. The costs will be agreed
or taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Jun 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

