Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Chum Tat Suan and another  
[2014] SGCA 59

Case Number| :| Criminal Reference Nos 5 and 6 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 November 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Woo Bih Li J; Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Aedit Abdullah, SC, Wong Woon Kwong and Suhas Malhotra
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the applicant; Manoj Nandwani Prakash, Eric
Liew Hwee Tong and Dew Wong Li-Yen (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the
respondent in CRF 5/2013; Johan Ismail (Johan Ismail & Co) and Abdul Rahman
bin Mohd Hanipah (Abdul Rahman Law Corporation) for the respondent in CRF
6/2013.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Chum Tat Suan and another  
  
[**LawNet Editorial Note** : These two criminal references arose from the
decisions of the High Court in [2014] 1 SLR 336 and [2013] SGHC 222.]

28 November 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 The present criminal references, Criminal Reference Nos 5 and 6 of 2013
(hereafter referred to separately as “CRF 5/2013” and “CRF 6/2013”) arise out
of two criminal cases heard by the High Court in the exercise of its original
criminal jurisdiction. The two cases involve trafficking and importation
offences under ss 5(1) and 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the MDA”) respectively, for which the punishment was, until very recently,
death.

2 From 1 January 2013, following amendments to the MDA, s 33B of the MDA (“s
33B”) allows a person convicted of an offence under ss 5(1) and 7 of the MDA
to avoid the mandatory death penalty if two conditions are met. The first
condition, pursuant to s 33B(2), is that the person convicted must prove, on a
balance of probabilities, that:

(_a_) … his involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted
—

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) …

A person convicted who satisfies the court that he falls within one of sub-
paragraphs (i) to (iv) will be considered a courier. This mitigating scheme
under s 33B(2) shall be referred to, for convenience, as “the statutory relief
of being a courier”, the relief being that the death penalty is not mandatory
_if_ the person convicted also meets the second condition, which is:

(_b_) the Public Prosecutor certifies to any court that, in his determination,
the person [_ie_ , the courier] has substantively assisted the Central
Narcotics Bureau in disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside
Singapore.

For ease of reference, this will be referred to as the “s 33B certificate”.

3 Even if the two conditions are met, s 33B(1) gives the court the discretion
to decide if the person convicted should nevertheless be given the death
penalty. If the court decides that the death penalty is not warranted, the
court may sentence the person convicted to imprisonment for life and caning of
not less than 15 strokes.

4 It suffices to note that Parliament’s objective in amending the law was
specifically to provide a less harsh sentence for drug couriers who are
willing and able to assist the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) in disrupting
drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore.

5 In the two criminal cases before the High Court, the judge there (“the
Judge”) was asked to determine if the persons convicted in the two cases were
couriers within the meaning of s 33B(2)(_a_). Although the Judge held that
they were, he observed that there were certain difficulties with the
application of that provision. Those observations prompted the Public
Prosecutor to seek clarification from this court on three questions of law by
way of the present criminal references.

Facts

Background

6 The two cases decided by the Judge are _Public Prosecutor v Chum Tat Suan_
[2013] SGHC 221 (“ _Chum Tat Suan_ ”) and _Public Prosecutor v Abdul Kahar bin
Othman_ [2013] SGHC 222 (“ _Abdul Kahar_ ”). The issue before the Judge in
both cases was extremely narrow, namely, whether the person convicted in each
case (collectively, “the Respondents”) was a courier within the meaning of s
33B(2)(_a_). It is important to note that at this stage, the Respondents have
already been convicted by the Judge of their respective charges of importation
and trafficking in controlled drugs.

Chum Tat Suan

7 The parties in _Chum Tat Suan_ agreed that the only issue for the Judge to
determine at that stage was whether the person convicted (“Chum”) was a
courier.

8 If the Judge found that Chum was _not_ a courier, s 33B(1) read with s
33B(2)(_a_) would not apply to exempt Chum from the mandatory death penalty.
If, however, the Judge found the converse (_ie_ , that Chum was a courier),
then the Prosecution would take a further statement from Chum for the purposes
of determining whether he meets the requirements of s 33B(2)(_b_), that is,
whether Chum has substantively assisted the CNB such that the s 33B
certificate is deemed by the Public Prosecutor to be justified.

9 Should the Public Prosecutor certify that Chum has substantively assisted
the CNB, the court may then exercise its discretion to sentence Chum to life
imprisonment and caning. However, the defence counsel indicated that should
the Public Prosecutor decline to issue a s 33B certificate despite a finding
that Chum was a courier, Chum’s defence would be that he was suffering from an
abnormality of mind, which is yet another new exception to the mandatory death
penalty pursuant to s 33B(1) read with s 33B(3).

10 The Judge found the evidence-gathering procedure for the purposes of
applying s 33B to be fraught with difficulty. On the one hand, if he allowed
new evidence to be introduced, there was a possibility of evidence emerging
that might undermine the findings of fact that he had made earlier in
convicting Chum. On the other hand, if he did not allow the introduction of
new evidence, and premised his decision exclusively on his findings of fact
which had resulted in the conviction, Chum might be prejudiced in that his
earlier defence for the purposes of conviction might have been conducted in a
manner which furnished no occasion for evidence of his being no more than a
courier to emerge at trial.

11 In the end, the Judge did not have to resolve the dilemma that he presented
as the parties proceeded on the basis that no new evidence would be introduced
on the question of whether Chum was no more than a courier. The remaining
course open to him, therefore, was to scrutinise the evidence that was adduced
at trial. He held (at [7] of _Chum Tat Suan_) that the evidence adduced as to
whether Chum was no more than a courier was not unequivocal. Furthermore,
there was the possibility that Chum could have but did not give evidence which
would have supported a finding that he was no more than a courier. In the
circumstances, it was unsafe to rely on the available evidence to find that
Chum was more than a courier, and Chum should be given the benefit of the
doubt.

Abdul Kahar

12 The outcome in _Abdul Kahar_ , which was decided after _Chum Tat Suan_ ,
was the same, namely, that the person convicted (“Abdul Kahar”) was found to
be no more than a courier. The Judge’s reasoning, however, was different. In
fact, he found (at [3] of _Abdul Kahar_) that the evidence showed that Abdul
Kahar was more than a courier in that his “involvement went beyond
transporting, sending or delivering [the drugs]”. However, the Judge held (at
[4] of _Abdul Kahar_) that Abdul Kahar was effectively a “re-packer” – someone
who re-packed drugs into smaller packets – and it was unclear from the wording
of s 33B whether Parliament intended for such persons not to have the same
benefit as couriers.

13 Nevertheless, the Judge thought it more likely that Parliament had not
intended to exclude ancillary acts such as re-packing from the type of acts
that define a courier. On that basis, the Judge thought that Abdul Kahar
should be given the benefit of the doubt at least until the law on
“transporting, delivering or sending”, which informs whether or not an accused
is a courier, is expressed more clearly.

Questions for this court

14 The questions raised by the Prosecution in both criminal references are
identical. They are:

(a) Whether a person convicted of an offence of drug trafficking or
importation under ss 5(1) or 7 of the MDA bears the burden of proving on a
balance of probabilities that he satisfies the requirements under ss
33B(2)(_a_) and 33B(3)(_a_) (see [2] above). This shall be referred to as
“Question 1”.

(b) Whether the court must take into account evidence that had been adduced at
the trial leading to a conviction under ss 5(1) or 7 of the MDA to determine
whether the person convicted satisfies the requirements under ss 33B(2)(_a_)
and 33B(3)(_a_). This shall be referred to as “Question 2”.

(c) Whether an accused person, who had intended to sell the controlled drugs
which form the subject matter of a charge under ss 5(1) or 7 of the MDA for
which he had been convicted, satisfies the requirements under ss 33B(2)(_a_)
and 33B(3)(_a_). To paraphrase, the issue is whether an accused person who
intended to sell the controlled drugs and is convicted on that basis can
nevertheless be considered a courier (that is, his involvement in the offence
can be described as falling under one of the grounds in ss 33B(2)(_a_) and
33B(3)(_a_)). This shall be referred to as “Question 3”.

15 Although the questions refer to both ss 33B(2)(_a_) and 33B(3)(_a_), the
two subsections are identical. Section 33B(3)(_a_) applies to persons
convicted who can show that they have such abnormality of mind that
substantially impaired their mental responsibility for the offending acts.
Hence, unless the context otherwise requires, the remainder of this judgment
will make reference to only s 33B(2)(_a_) even though the same interpretation
and consequences obviously apply equally to s 33B(3)(_a_).

My decision

Preliminary question of jurisdiction

16 As the sentences for both cases have not yet been pronounced, there is an
issue of whether the criminal references are prematurely brought. Mr Aedit
Abdullah, SC (“Mr Abdullah”), on behalf of the Prosecution, explained that the
criminal references were brought pursuant to s 59(4) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“2007 SCJA”) even before sentence was
meted out because the difficulties in the application of s 33B mentioned by
the Judge had a broad impact, particularly in relation to other pending cases.
A clarification from the apex court was therefore desirable.

17 It is true that s 59(4) of the 2007 SCJA does not mandate that a reference
may only be brought after sentence has been passed. There is nothing in the
express words of the provision to that effect. The provision simply provides
that the Public Prosecutor may certify that any points of law arising on a
trial before the High Court acting in the exercise of its original criminal
jurisdiction in which an accused person has been convicted of an offence ought
to be further considered. This is the position in relation to the two cases
before us. In fact, the absence, or deliberate omission, of the word
“sentence” when contrasted against the use of “conviction” as a marker
suggests that the only precondition in s 59(4) of the 2007 SCJA is that the
accused person must have been convicted.

18 However, the court obviously retains the discretion to refuse to hear
criminal references in appropriate circumstances. An example of a case where a
criminal reference may be inappropriately brought and accordingly dismissed is
_Mohammad Faizal bin Sabtu and another v Public Prosecutor and another matter_
[2013] 2 SLR 141, where this court dismissed two criminal motions on two
separate questions of law because, amongst other reasons, the court below had
not made a final ruling or imposed a sentence and allowing the motions in
those circumstances “would lead to an unnecessary and unacceptable disruption
to the final disposal of both matters” (at [27]). Although I do have some
reservations with the necessity of the two references now before the court
(see [69] below), they do not cause unnecessary or unacceptable disruption to
the final disposal of the underlying matters. I will therefore proceed to
answer the three questions.

Question 1: Whether the person convicted bears the burden of proving on a
balance of probabilities that he was only a courier

19 The answer to Question 1 is an obvious “yes”. The Prosecution and
Respondents are in agreement that the person convicted bears the burden of
proving on a balance of probabilities that he was only a courier. Question 1
is therefore a non-starter and need not have been raised. The language in s
33B(2) could not be any clearer.

Question 2: Whether the court in deciding whether a person convicted is a
courier must take into account evidence at the trial leading to conviction

20 Question 2 is neither here nor there. The dilemma faced by the Judge was
not whether the evidence given at the trial leading to the conviction _must_
be taken into account. If taking into account simply means having regard to,
the answer to Question 2 is an unequivocal “yes” – the court must take into
account all the evidence that has been adduced at the trial leading to the
conviction. I did not think that this was controversial by any measure.
Indeed, midway through his oral submissions, Mr Abdullah agreed that Question
2 could have been better framed.

21 Rather, the real concern or difficulty raised by the Judge was whether the
court is _limited_ to considering only the evidence presented at the trial
leading to the conviction, or whether the court is entitled to hear new
evidence at the sentencing stage in relation to the statutory relief of being
a courier which was not raised at the trial.

22 There are three related parts to this issue:

(a) First, is an accused person permitted, at the sentencing stage, to raise
this alternative statutory relief of being a courier, which may be
inconsistent with the original defence at trial of having no knowledge of the
existence of the controlled drugs? This is an issue concerning the types of
defences that can be considered by the court for the purposes of sentencing.
The question of adduction of new evidence for the purpose of satisfying the
statutory definition of a courier does not arise here.

(b) Secondly, if the accused person is so permitted to raise the statutory
relief of being a courier at the sentencing stage, should the sentencing judge
hear new evidence from the accused person?

(c) Third, what is the proper treatment of inconsistent evidence on the
record, if any, as a result of the hearing of new evidence at the sentencing
stage?

Is an accused person permitted to raise the statutory relief of being a
courier at the sentencing stage for the first time?

23 Typically, a person accused of the offence of drug trafficking or
importation under ss 5(1) and 7 of the MDA respectively will claim at trial
that he had (a) no knowledge of the existence of the controlled drugs or (b)
no knowledge of the true nature of the contents of the article that he was
told to traffic (Chen Siyuan, “Singapore’s New Discretionary Death Penalty for
Drug Couriers (2014) 18(3) International Journal of Evidence & Proof 260 at p
264 (“ _Chen_ ”)).

24 Under the defence of no knowledge of the existence of the controlled drugs,
the accused person generally makes one of the following two claims:

(a) that he did not know of the existence of the article containing the
controlled drugs, or

(b) that he knew of the article but thought that the contents were something
other than drugs.

25 Under the defence of no knowledge of the true nature of the contents of the
article, the accused person generally admits to knowing that he was carrying
drugs but claims that he was told that the drugs were not controlled drugs.
For clarity, I shall refer generally to these three broad defences going
towards conviction as the “primary defence”.

26 As a general proposition, an accused person should raise his full and
complete defence, as well as adduce all the relevant evidence, at trial. The
issue here is whether, by virtue of s 33B, an accused person has to admit _at
trial_ that he is a courier in order to engage s 33B at the sentencing stage.
On a plain reading of s 33B, I do not think that the statutory scheme mandates
such a conclusion. In any case, it seems to me that, in relation to the two
primary defences mentioned in [24(b)] and [25] above, the fact of the accused
person possibly being a courier in the transaction would have been implicit
and obvious. The very basis of those two primary defences would be that the
accused person was carrying the article for others, that is, acting as a
courier.

27 The real difficulty arises where the primary defence is inherently
inconsistent with the statutory relief of being a courier. This occurs when
the accused person’s primary defence is that he had no knowledge as to the
existence of the article containing the controlled drugs. In a sense, and as a
matter of logic, this primary defence is inconsistent with an alternative
averment of being a courier, because a person must at the very least know of
the existence of the article containing the controlled drugs in order to make
the claim that he was a courier. It would therefore be neither implicit nor
obvious in the pleading of such a primary defence that the accused person
might, in the alternative, be a courier.

28 In such exceptional circumstances where the raising of the statutory relief
of being a courier at trial would undermine his primary defence, an accused
person would be acting reasonably in _not_ putting forth a submission that he
was a courier. To say that the accused person should raise this latter
alternative albeit inconsistent position at trial would place him in an
invidious position as he would be required to undermine his primary defence.
This is exacerbated by the fact that admitting to be a courier, even on an
alternative basis, is not a guarantee to the accused person that he will
escape the death penalty. He would still have to be given the s 33B
certificate, a matter which is entirely at the discretion of the Public
Prosecutor (save where the determination by the Public Prosecutor is done in
bad faith or with malice) (see [2] above).

29 As the court cannot rule out the possibility that an accused person may, in
very special circumstances, genuinely not know that he was carrying the
article containing the controlled drugs, the accused person should be given a
fair opportunity to run the aforementioned primary defence as his sole defence
without being made to raise the statutory relief of being a courier as an
alternative position that is at odds with his primary defence. This is so even
if the court eventually rejects the primary defence as spurious. I do not read
the legislation as mandating otherwise, although the accused person’s liberty
to reserve, as it were, the option of running the statutory relief of being a
courier, is subject to a myriad of limitations that will invariably affect the
proving of the statutory relief subsequently (see [40], [42] and [50]–[56]
below). An accused person would therefore not necessarily be better off under
this approach.

30 Ultimately, it is a question of justice. The accused person claiming to
have no knowledge of the article containing the controlled drugs is mounting a
factual defence – he is putting forward a particular state of affairs. If the
court disbelieves his version of events and convicts him as a result, this
simply means that the court rejects the factual state of affairs claimed by
the accused person in favour of another state of affairs. The statutory relief
of being a courier then becomes relevant at this point because the court has
to decide what the appropriate sentence ought to be in the context of what it
has found to be the true state of affairs.

31 I should add that even though an accused person may have claimed that he
had no knowledge as to the existence of the article that was eventually found
to have contained the controlled drugs, it is not impossible that an accused
person could, on the basis of the factual state of affairs which the court
finds to be true, meet the requirements set out in s 33B(2) and hence qualify
to be a courier. This is the critical distinction between an accused person’s
factual defence at trial and the positions in law that are still available to
the accused person during sentencing, whether on the facts claimed by the
accused or the contrary facts found by the court. The accused person should
therefore be permitted to raise the statutory relief of being a courier for
the purposes of sentencing in this circumstance.

32 Whether the accused person is able to show or prove that he meets the
definition of a courier on the facts as found by the court is, I stress, a
separate question altogether. Likewise, whether the accused person is
permitted during sentencing to adduce new evidence to support the statutory
relief of being a courier is also a separate question altogether (see
[49]–[56] below).

33 As far as this first part of Question 2 posed at [22(a)] above is
concerned, the sole issue is whether the accused person ought to be able to
raise the statutory relief of being a courier at the sentencing stage for the
first time. For the above reasons, the answer to this part of Question 2, in
my view, is a “yes”, whichever is the primary defence run by the accused
person.

34 I am cognisant that there is a view that an accused person has a choice
between coming clean and stating from the beginning that he was a courier (not
just in the sense that he was a courier of a generic parcel but that he was a
courier of the controlled drugs), and “playing games” with the Prosecution by
sticking to one of the three primary defences without admitting that he was a
courier. Under this view, if the court disbelieves his primary defence, he
should not be allowed to invoke the statutory relief of being a courier. The
accused person has to live or die, literally, by his or her decision.

35 This view is not devoid of support. As was pointed out in _Chen_ (at p
265), the Minister of Law stated during the Second Reading of the Misuse of
Drugs (Amendment) Bill (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (14
November 2012) vol 89 (K Shanmugam, Minister for Foreign Affairs and Minister
for Law) (“ _Official Report (14 Nov)_ ”) at p 36) that:

[I]f the accused knows something, and has to decide between trying to run a
false defence that he knows nothing, and telling the truth and assisting the
CNB – I do not think Members will argue against giving him an incentive to
tell the truth, to help us, and to help himself.

36 However, the context in which the Minister made the above statement is
important. The Minister was _not_ proposing that accused persons had to make
their own bed _at trial_ and lie in it throughout. He was responding to a
concern raised by a Nominated Member of Parliament, Assistant Prof Eugene Tan
(“Asst Prof Tan”), that the difficulty with providing substantial assistance
as well as the potential for abuse by CNB officers may result in an accused
person incriminating himself of a capital charge in the hope that he would be
spared the ultimate sanction (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (12 November 2012) vol 89 (“ _Official Report (12 Nov)_ ”) at p 48).
The above excerpt was a development of the Minister’s initial response which
was (_Official Report (14 Nov)_ at p 35):

Asst Prof Eugene Tan asked whether the mechanism _creates a risk of self-
incrimination? There is that risk_. But let me throw back the question: what
does that mean? Should we therefore not have this exception? [emphasis added]

37 The Minister’s riposte must therefore be viewed in context. He agreed with
Asst Prof Tan that the way s 33B was structured carried some risk that an
accused person may cave in and simply admit to being a courier. What is of
significance is that the Minister could have stated, but did not, that the
whole point of this new regime was to make it mandatory for accused persons
who were _in truth_ couriers to incriminate themselves, and that if they chose
to run a defence at trial that was inconsistent with being a courier, they
would not, under any circumstances, be permitted later during sentencing to
raise the point that they were only couriers. If that were the objective, the
Minister would have clarified the concern raised by Asst Prof Tan in that way.
But he did not.

38 I would hasten to add that in adopting the aforesaid approach of permitting
the accused person to raise the statutory relief of being a courier for the
first time during sentencing, I am mindful that Parliament has reaffirmed its
tough stance against drugs. That said, the court should still apply the new
avenue available to a person convicted of drug trafficking (to avoid the death
penalty) in a fair and sensible way. In these cases involving specified drugs
under the sixth column of the Second Schedule to the MDA, the issue is not so
much whether a lenient or strict reading of s 33B should be preferred but
rather what is just, having regard to what is expressly stated in the
legislation and Parliament’s intention in so far as it can be discerned from
the relevant parliamentary materials.

Whether new evidence can be heard by the sentencing judge

39 This leads me to the main controversy in these criminal references: in
addition to canvassing the statutory relief of being a courier at the
sentencing stage, can an accused person introduce new evidence to bolster his
claim to being a courier?

40 As stated in [26] above, the general proposition is that, an accused person
should raise his entire defence _and_ adduce all his evidence at trial. I do
not think that Parliament, in enacting s 33B, contemplated that there should
be two separate trials, one for the purpose of establishing the charge and the
other for the purpose of determining sentence.

41 Notwithstanding that, there is no rule which absolutely precludes the
adduction of new evidence at the sentencing stage. Although Mr Abdullah’s
submissions seem to concede that the legislation is silent as to the “correct
procedure” in relation to s 33B, all the parties are in agreement on this
crucial point that further evidence _can_ be taken during sentencing.

42 In my view, that must be correct even if it is equally right that there
must be limits to the ability of parties to adduce further evidence at the
sentencing stage. The fundamental principle of justice requires that every
offender be, as far as possible, sentenced on the basis of accurate facts (see
_Ng Chun Hian v Public Prosecutor_ [2014] 2 SLR 783 (“ _Ng Chun Hian_ ”) at
[24]; and _Public Prosecutor v Aniza bte Essa_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 327). In the
present context, if the accused person upon conviction but before sentence
wishes to adduce further evidence to show that he was only a courier, he must
satisfy the trial judge why the further evidence was not and could not be
adduced earlier at the trial leading to the conviction. Furthermore, whatever
new evidence that is sought to be adduced must not contradict the finding of
the court that the accused person is guilty of the charge and must only relate
to the sentence to be imposed, that is, to show that he was just a courier in
the transaction.

43 Indeed, it is an established practice in criminal process that new evidence
is sometimes introduced at the sentencing stage through a Newton hearing, a
procedure that is entirely at the discretion of the court. The paradigm
situation that calls for a Newton hearing is when the accused person makes a
claim or assertion relevant to the sentence to be imposed which is disputed by
the Prosecution. A recent example of a Newton hearing is the case of _Public
Prosecutor v Azuar Bin Ahamad_ [2014] SGHC 149 (“ _Azuar_ ”).

44 The accused in _Azuar_ pleaded guilty to charges pertaining to, amongst
other things, rape and outrage of modesty and was convicted accordingly.
However, for the purposes of sentencing, he contested the Prosecution’s
position that he had surreptitiously administered stupefying drugs to the
victims by spiking their alcoholic beverages in order to render them
unconscious (or incognisant) before sexually violating them. The trial judge
therefore conducted a Newton hearing to determine this factual issue of
whether the accused had spiked his victims’ drinks.

45 Although Newton hearings are generally conducted in cases where the accused
person had pleaded guilty and was convicted on that basis, they are not
restricted to such cases. Locally, a Newton hearing was sought by the
Prosecution at the sentencing stage in at least one case where the accused
person had claimed trial, although the district judge there decided that the
hearing was inappropriate on the facts: see _Public Prosecutor v Andrew
Sivanesan s/o Balakrishnan_ [2011] SGDC 66 at [141]. Reference may also be had
to Leveson LJ’s judgment in _R v Cairns_ [2013] 2 Cr App R (S) 73 at [9] where
he stated that a Newton hearing after a trial might be necessary in
circumstances where the disputed fact which was not canvassed at trial is not
relevant to guilt but relevant to sentence.

46 Counsel for Chum, Mr Manoj Nandwani Prakash (“Mr Nandwani”), helpfully
pointed out that a Newton hearing is not anomalous under the current rules
governing criminal procedure in Singapore. Indeed, ss 228(5)(_a_) and (_b_) of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) very clearly
contemplate that new evidence may be heard and weighed by the court for the
purposes of sentencing:

(5) After the court has heard the plea in mitigation, it may —

(_a_) at its discretion or on the application of the prosecution or the
accused _hear any evidence to determine the truth or otherwise of the matters
raised before the court which may materially affect the sentence;__and_

(_b_) _attach such weight to the matter raised as it considers appropriate
after hearing the evidence._

[emphasis added]

47 I pause here to mention that I agree with See Kee Oon SDJ’s (as he then
was) description in _Public Prosecutor v Shaw Chai Li Howard_ [2012] SGDC 319
at [39] of s 228(5)(_a_) of the CPC as encapsulating the concept of a Newton
hearing.

48 Mr Abdullah highlighted that although the CPC now has s 228(5), there was
no such equivalent provision in the old Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985
Rev Ed) (“the old CPC”), which is the regime governing these proceedings. If
by this it was suggested that Parliament had intended to preclude the taking
of further evidence post-conviction under the old CPC, I disagree. Although
there is no statutory mechanism under the old CPC for taking evidence post-
conviction, the Newton hearing is an established procedure and has been
applied by countless courts determining cases governed by the old CPC regime:
see _eg_ , _Biplob Hossain Younus Akan and others v Public Prosecutor and
another matter_ [2011] 3 SLR 217; _Public Prosecutor v Soh Song Soon_ [2010] 1
SLR 857 and _Public Prosecutor v McCrea Michael_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 677. Further,
Mr Abdullah at another part of his submissions agreed that “the judicial
practice of receiving evidence during sentencing had developed even prior to
the introduction of [the CPC].”

49 Thus, broadly speaking, it is proper in my view that new evidence _may_ ,
under the right conditions, be adduced and heard at any stage of proceedings,
including at the sentencing stage.

50 The key question is what conditions warrant the adduction of new evidence
at the sentencing stage. A Newton hearing is, after all, an exception rather
than the norm even for cases where the accused person had pleaded guilty, much
less cases where the accused person has claimed trial and has given his
evidence during the trial. It is not a further opportunity for the accused
person (or more accurately, the person convicted) to adduce evidence to
contradict or cast doubts on the conviction.

51 In this regard, I agree with the principle articulated by Sundaresh Menon
CJ in _Ng Chun Hian_ (at [24]) that a Newton hearing is called for only if the
court is satisfied that “it is _necessary_ to do so in order to resolve a
_difficult question of fact_ that is _material_ to the court’s determination
of the appropriate sentence [emphasis added]”.

52 Whether a question of fact is material to the court’s determination of the
statutory relief of being a courier, and if so, whether hearing new evidence
is necessary and ought to be allowed, are all matters for the sentencing judge
exercising his discretion to decide, having regard to all the circumstances of
the case, including the considerations mentioned in [42] above.

53 In the context of s 33B(2)(_a_) (as well as s 33B(3)(_a_)), clear examples
where a Newton hearing would be _unnecessary_ and should not be called
include:

(a) where the accused person’s case in relation to the statutory relief of
being a courier is “absurd or obviously untenable” (see _Ng Chun Hian_ at
[24]);

(b) where the question of fact in dispute bears _no relation_ to sentencing,
that is, the evidence sought to be adduced is irrelevant to establishing the
accused person’s role as a courier;

(c) where the new evidence sought to be adduced relates directly to
conviction, for instance, if it pertains to whether the accused person is
guilty of drug trafficking or importation under ss 5(1) and (7) of the MDA
respectively); and

(d) where the specific issue of the accused person’s role in transporting,
delivering or otherwise moving the drugs was in issue at trial (irrespective
of whether the statutory relief of being a courier was formally canvassed),
and consequently, evidence was already adduced on the issue.

54 To elaborate on the last example, where the statutory relief of being a
courier was already implicit or evident in relation to a primary defence, no
further evidence ought to be adduced for the purposes of sentencing because
all the relevant evidence ought to have been produced at trial and the accused
person should be sentenced on that basis. Where the accused person ought to
have adduced all relevant evidence of being a courier at trial (because it was
not inconsistent with his primary defence) but did not, the accused person, if
convicted, should not be permitted to adduce further evidence and if at
sentencing he should claim to be only a courier in the transaction, the trial
judge would, subject to the most exceptional circumstances, have to decide the
question based on the evidence already adduced.

55 I should add that in most, if not all, cases, including cases where the
accused person claims not to have knowledge of the existence of the article
containing the controlled drugs, the court would in the course of trial have
heard evidence relating to the transportation, delivery or movement of the
controlled drugs, and made findings in relation to the same, which findings
would ordinarily be sufficient for the court to decide whether the accused
person’s involvement was limited to that of being a courier. Thus, the accused
person would, in practical terms, have to demonstrate how the new evidence, if
any, would be germane to the question of his involvement as a courier and give
good reasons why the new evidence should be adduced now even though it was not
adduced earlier at the trial.

56 Accordingly, the likelihood of the accused person being able to meet the
test of necessity that additional evidence not already before the court should
be allowed to be adduced, would be remote. The range of possibilities where
further evidence should be permitted to be adduced during sentencing is thus
extremely narrow. However, even though I am skeptical that there will even be
cases which would meet these stringent conditions for the adduction of new
evidence, I simply do not think it can or should be ruled out completely. I
am, therefore, unwilling to shut the door fully. To disallow absolutely the
adduction of new evidence could, in particular situation, give rise to
injustice. Subject to the perimeters which I have sought to delineate above,
the trial judge would be in the best position to assess whether the adduction
of new evidence should be allowed. While I recognise that this could be seen
to introduce some uncertainty, such discretion is nothing new in the trial
process where the trial judge has to make judgment calls all the time on a
variety of circumstances and issues.

57 In passing, and for completeness, I should add that s 27(2) of the Misuse
of Drugs (Amendment) Act 2012 (No 30 of 2012) (“Amendment Act”), which
introduced the new s 33B, does not advance the Respondents’ argument that the
court is permitted to take further evidence. While the wording of s 27 of the
Amendment Act expressly permits the hearing of further arguments or admission
of further evidence, that section only applies to persons convicted before the
day that the amendments came into force, that is, 1 January 2013. In the two
cases before us, Chum and Abdul Kahar were convicted on 5 August 2013 and 27
August 2013 respectively. Section 27 of the Amendment Act is accordingly
inapplicable.

58 In summary, if a person convicted fails to show that permission should be
granted to him to adduce new evidence, the court will assess the merits of his
submission in relation to the statutory relief of being a courier against the
factual state of affairs that has been found to be true by the court at trial.

Treatment of potentially inconsistent evidence

59 I note the Judge’s concern that if an accused person is permitted to give
new evidence at the sentencing stage, there is a possibility that the new
evidence may cast doubt on the safeness of the conviction of the accused (see
_Chum Tat Suan_ at [5]).As I have stated at [54]–[55] above, since the new
evidence should not be inconsistent with the conviction recorded against the
accused person and should only be germane to establishing that the accused
person was a courier, I think that the concern expressed by the Judge is most
unlikely to arise.

60 In my view, whatever new evidence to be adduced is most unlikely to cast
doubt on the conviction. Even in cases where the accused person’s primary
defence at trial was that he had no knowledge of the existence of the article
containing the controlled drugs – which as I have explained is the only
situation where the courier relief may be raised for the first time at
sentencing (see [27]–[32] above) – any new evidence that goes towards
demonstrating the accused person’s limited involvement as a courier would not
conflict with or undermine the court’s conclusion that he knew of the
existence of the article containing the controlled drugs. If anything, any new
evidence that the accused person might give to obtain the courier relief is
instead likely to corroborate the earlier findings upon which the conviction
was based, because evidence that the accused person was a courier would
necessarily buttress the factual finding that he knew of the existence of the
article.

61 Incidentally, the Prosecution, who should be concerned with any re-opening
of findings of fact leading to the conviction or the casting of any doubts on
such findings, does not share the Judge’s concerns. Referring to Chum’s case,
Mr Abdullah argued that it was “unclear why the Judge apprehended that calling
new evidence may undermine the facts already found at the trial”. This
reinforces my view above that the Prosecution countenances the possibility and
arguably desirability in some exceptional situations of the calling of new
evidence at the sentencing stage. Mr Abdullah further observed that as the
precise role of Chum was not in issue at the trial, any evidence which Chum
might seek to introduce at the sentencing hearing would be limited to his
role, and as such, would not have any impact on the court’s finding in
relation to Chum’s knowledge of the drugs that eventually supported the
conviction.

Question 3: Whether a person who had intended to sell the controlled drugs can
be considered a courier

62 The answer to Question 3 is a clear “no”. If the person convicted has been
found to have the intent to sell the controlled drugs, then he is evidently
not merely a courier.

63 Sections 33B(2) and (3) of the MDA were intended to be “tightly-defined”
conditions (see _Official Report (12 Nov)_ at p 37). The narrowness of the
definition of a courier in s 33B(2)(_a_) was recognised by the High Court in
_Public Prosecutor v Abdul Haleem bin Abdul Karim and another_ [2013] 3 SLR
734 (“ _Abdul Haleem_ ”) at [51]. In that case, the court, in concluding that
a courier is one whose involvement is limited to delivering or conveying drugs
from point A to point B, referred to an exchange in Parliament which deserves
replication here (see _Official Report (14 Nov)_ at pp 45–46):

**Mrs Lina Chiam** **(Non-Constituency Member)** : |  Thank you, Mr Speaker. I would like the Minister to clarify the point I made yesterday about one section – that is, _whether section 33B(2)(a) of the Bill covers offenders who are found to have participated in acts such as_** _packing, storing or safekeeping drugs_** _, as their culpability may be similar to those who are involved in transporting, sending or delivering the drugs and should not be excluded for consideration for discretionary sentencing_. Can I get his clarification?  
---|---  
**Mr Teo Chee Hean** : |  **_They are not couriers_** _, so they are not covered by the exception that is provided_ , unless Mrs Chiam thinks that they are couriers.  
**Mrs Lina Chiam** : |  _No, they are not couriers_.  
  
  

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

64 In addition to the above clarification, Mr Teo Chee Hean, Deputy Prime
Minister and Coordinating Minister for National Security and Minister for Home
Affairs (“DPM Teo”), had also previously explained that to bring themselves
within the statutory relief of being a courier, accused persons must “only
have been involved as a courier and not in any other type of activity
associated with drug supply and distribution” (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (9 July 2012) vol 89 at p 21).

65 It is also pertinent to note the language used by the Minister of Law
during the Second Reading of the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Bill to describe
the transportational function of couriers – “[t]hey hide the drugs in secret
compartments, all sorts of places, and try and traffic through our check
points” (see _Official Report (14 Nov)_ at p 33).

66 It is therefore abundantly clear that the statutory relief afforded under s
33B does not apply to those whose involvement with drugs extends beyond that
of transporting, sending or delivering the drugs. As the exchanges in
Parliament above show, it does not matter that the accused person’s
involvement is of an ancillary nature. In Parliament’s view, an accused person
is either involved _only_ in the transporting, sending or delivering of the
drugs and can therefore avail himself of the statutory relief of being a
courier, or he is involved in more than those activities, in which case he
cannot avail himself of the statutory relief of being a courier.

67 There is, however, one clarification which ought to be added. As was noted
in _Abdul Haleem_ at [55], if it is clear that the accused person’s
involvement was truly that of a courier, the mere incidental act of storage or
safe-keeping by the accused person in the course of transporting, sending or
delivering the drugs, should not take him outside of the definition of a
courier. This is so notwithstanding the clarification from DPM Teo in the
excerpt cited above at [63], which should be read as directed at persons whose
role is not – or at least not _only_ – restricted to transporting, sending or
delivering the drugs.

68 While the question of whether a particular act is necessary for couriering,
so to speak, is fact-specific, in keeping with legislative intention, this
caveat has to be construed strictly. Acts necessary for transporting, sending
or delivering the drugs cannot include packing, for instance, as packing is
not a necessary element of moving an object from one point to another. Simply
put, a courier is someone who receives the drugs and transmits them in exactly
the same form in which they were received without any alteration or
adulteration.

Conclusion

69 Criminal references should concern genuine questions of law that are of
public interest and upon which guidance from the apex court is necessary.
While the law gives the Public Prosecutor a wide latitude to bring questions
of law to this court’s attention, that right should be exercised judiciously.
Factors that ought to be considered include whether there is a genuine
controversy, and if so, whether it is imperative for that controversy to be
resolved at that stage of the proceedings. Suffice it to say that it seems to
me there are questions in this reference which are not altogether necessary.
Furthermore, the questions could have been better framed to flesh out the real
issues for which clarifications were sought.

70 In the light of my answer to Question 3, it follows that the Judge’s
decision in relation to Abdul Kahar was incorrect. The Judge was wrong to have
held that Abdul Kahar was a courier when the Judge was “satisfied that [Abdul
Kahar’s] involvement in trafficking _went beyond transporting, sending or
delivering_ [the drugs]” (see _Abdul Kahar_ at [3]). His justification, that
“re-packing and collecting payment” are ancillary acts which are not excluded
from the definition of courier, is inconsistent with the extracts of the
parliamentary debates excerpted at [63] to [65] above.

71 As for Chum’s case, the Judge was also incorrect in holding that it was “an
unsafe course” to scrutinise the evidence adduced at trial in determining
whether Chum was a courier (see _Chum_ at [7]). As stated at the outset in
relation to Question 2, the court must take into account all evidence that has
been adduced at the trial leading to the conviction in considering whether a
person convicted is a courier for the purposes of s 33B.

72 In the circumstances, pursuant to the court’s power under s 59(5) of the
2007 SCJA, the Judge’s findings that Abdul Kahar’s and Chum’s involvement in
committing the offences under ss 5(1) and 7 of the MDA respectively fell
within the ambit of ss 33B(2)(_a_) and 33B(3)(_a_) ought to be quashed.

73 Consequently, the Prosecution’s prayer, for an order that the cases
concerning Abdul Kahar and Chum be remitted to the Judge, who shall determine
whether Abdul Kahar’s and Chum’s involvement in the offences under ss 5(1) and
7 of the MDA respectively was restricted to the activities under ss
33B(2)(_a_) and 33B(3)(_a_), is granted. The Judge shall make that
determination based on the evidence adduced at the trial and having regard to
the determination of this court on Question 1 and Question 3 as well as the
majority’s determination on Question 2 (see [77]–[83] below).

74 Lastly, Mr Nandwani has indicated that Chum may wish to rely on s
33B(3)(_b_) of the MDA (relating to abnormality of mind), and may, for that
reason, wish to adduce further evidence. Under the approach adopted by the
majority, that would be impermissible as all evidence relating to an accused’s
mental state ought to have been adduced during the trial. Under the approach
that I have adopted, it would also be impermissible for Chum to adduce further
evidence. As I have stated at [26] above, the general rule is that all
defences and evidence should be raised and adduced by the accused person at
trial, save where there are special reasons not to do so. There are no special
reasons (such as those described at [27]–[28] above) for Chum not to have
adduced evidence in relation to his mental state at trial. Nevertheless, as
this is the first time that s 33B has been interpreted and clarified in this
manner, we are all of the view that, as an exceptional measure, the Judge
should permit Chum to adduce evidence relating to his mental state.

Woo Bih Li J and Tay Yong Kwang J:

75 We have read the judgment of Chao Hick Tin JA and use the same nomenclature
as in his judgment. We share his reservations about the necessity of the
references before the court. However, as he proceeded to answer the three
questions pursuant to the references, we will state our answers too.

76 We agree with the answers of Chao JA to Questions 1 and 3. As regards
Question 2, we agree that a court must take into account all evidence adduced
at the trial in deciding whether a convicted accused person is a courier.

77 However, we express reservation on his view that, subject to some
conditions, an accused person may give evidence about his being a courier at
the sentencing stage even though he deliberately withheld such evidence at
trial on the ground that such evidence would be inconsistent with his primary
defence. As this issue was not, strictly speaking, part of the three
questions, we state our brief reasons below.

78 Even as regards a situation where an accused person’s primary defence is
that he has no knowledge of the existence of the article containing the
controlled drugs, it is possible for him to give evidence showing that he was
in any event an unknowing courier.

79 However, in the event that there is evidence that he is a courier which
will indeed be inconsistent with his primary defence, he is to elect what his
evidence will be, as all the evidence should be given at the same trial.

80 This is not putting him in an invidious position. Before the recent
amendments to the MDA, an accused person already had to elect whether or not
to give evidence and, if so, what evidence to give. He also had to elect
whether or not to cooperate and come clean with the authorities by providing
information. If he did, he might persuade the Prosecution not to press a
capital charge against him. There was no suggestion then that he was being put
in an invidious position.

81 The purpose of the recent amendments to the MDA is to state formally that
if he provides substantive assistance to the authorities (if he is a courier)
and if he obtains the relevant certificate stating the fact of such
assistance, the court may decide not to impose capital punishment. The accused
person does not have to avail himself of this opportunity. The purpose of the
amendments is therefore to give him an incentive to come clean. There is no
suggestion in the parliamentary debates that the amendments will result in
changing the trial process and give the accused person a chance to
deliberately stifle evidence to gain an advantage and then to speak the truth
when that strategy fails. If he were allowed to do so, it may even be said
that the court is condoning such a strategy which it should be discouraging
instead. Furthermore, if the trial process is changed for capital offences
under the MDA, then one may argue that it should also be changed for the
offence of murder for the same reason, _ie_ , not to put the accused person in
an invidious position where the evidence withheld would be inconsistent with
his primary defence.

82 A Newton hearing is for a different purpose. It gives an accused person a
chance to adduce evidence on a material fact for the purposes of sentencing
which he had no or insufficient opportunity to address earlier. It arises from
a bona fide omission and not a deliberate one to stifle evidence to gain an
advantage.

83 Furthermore, it is at the discretion of the trial judge whether or not to
have a Newton hearing. Any suggestion that an accused person will be allowed
to adduce new evidence at the sentencing stage, because he believed he had a
valid reason to deliberately withhold such evidence and even though this is
subject to conditions, should be avoided.

84 Likewise, any evidence about an accused person’s mental disability for the
purpose of s 33B(3)(_b_) of the MDA should be given at the same trial.

85 We agree with the consequential orders of Chao JA for Abdul Kahar and Chum.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Nov 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

