Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  CIFG Special Assets Capital I Ltd (formerly known as Diamond Kendall
Limited) _v_ Polimet Pte Ltd and others  
[2014] SGHCR 8

Case Number| :| Suit No 758 of 2013 (Summons No 5740 of 2013 and Summons No
424 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Jean Chan Lay Koon AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hri Kumar Nair S.C. and Joseph Yeo (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the plaintiff; Tan Chee Meng S.C., Lim Ke Xiu (WongPartnership LLP),
Nandakumar Renganathan and Simren Kaur (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for the
defendants.  
Parties| :|  CIFG Special Assets Capital I Ltd (formerly known as Diamond
Kendall Limited) — Polimet Pte Ltd and others  
  
16 April 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Jean Chan Lay Koon AR:

1 This judgment concerns two separate applications. Sum 5740/2013 is the
plaintiff’s application for summary judgment to be entered against all five
defendants under O 14 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“Rules of Court”). Sum 424/2014 is the defendants’ application for the
Plaintiff’s claim against the 4th and 5th defendants to be struck out under O
18 r 19(1).

**Background facts**

2 The plaintiff is a private company incorporated in Mauritius. It was set up
as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of entering into bond
subscription agreements with the defendants. The plaintiff was known as
“Diamond Kendall Limited” up to its sale to Global Distressed Alpha Fund III
Limited Partnership in or about July 2013 and its name was changed to CIFG
Special Assets Capital I Ltd (“CIFG”) on 13 August 2013.

3 The 1st defendant is a private limited company incorporated in Singapore.
The 1st defendant owns a number of subsidiaries which are in the business of,
amongst others, manufacturing lead-in wires and cold formed components for the
glass diodes and semiconductor industry. At the material times, the 1st
defendant had four wholly owned subsidiaries, namely, Delta China Technologies
Ltd (“Delta”), Citi-Venture Limited (“Citi”), Fortuna Development Pte Ltd
(“Fortuna”) and Boulo United Diode Lead Co. (“BUDL”). Delta, in turn, had a
wholly owned subsidiary FDP (Huizhou) Co. Ltd (“FDP”).

4 The 2nd to 5th defendants were the initial shareholders of the 1st
defendant. At present, the 2nd defendant is a director of the 1st defendant.
By an agreement in writing between the plaintiff and the defendants as
evidenced by, amongst others, a Convertible Bond Subscription Agreement dated
5 October 2007 (“2007 CBSA”) and a Supplemental Bond Subscription Agreement
dated 16 October 2008 (“Supplemental 2007 CBSA”), the 1st defendant issued and
the plaintiff subscribed for the full amount of a convertible bond (“2007
Bond”) with a redemption value of US$8,333,333 (subsequently increased to
US$9,166,667 upon the draw-down by the 1st defendant of the Third Tranche (as
defined below), pursuant to which the plaintiff would grant the 1st defendant
a facility in the sum of US$5,500,000 (the “first facility”), to be drawn down
in three tranches.

5 It is undisputed that the 2007 CBSA was entered into for the purposes of
financing the 1st defendant’s acquisition of the dumet manufacturing line of
Philips Lighting B.V. and for the working capital of the dumet business. It is
also undisputed that the entire first facility was drawn down by the 1st
defendant. Clause 3.1(f) of the 2007 CBSA specifically required the 2nd to 5th
defendants to transfer their shares in the 1st defendant to the plaintiff as a
condition precedent to the plaintiff’s obligation to provide the first
facility. Since the execution of the 2007 CBSA, the plaintiff has been and
remains the sole shareholder of the 1st defendant.

6 At all material times, during negotiation and up to the signing of the 2007
CBSA, the plaintiff’s side was represented by Chris Chia Woon Liat (“Chia”)
and Yeo Kar Peng (“Yeo”). Pursuant to clause 3.1(m) of the 2007 CBSA, Chia and
Yeo were appointed as nominee directors of the plaintiff to the Board of
Directors of the 1st defendant. Yeo was also appointed as a nominee director
to the Boards of Directors of Delta, Citi, Fortuna, BUDL and FDP. Even after
its name change from Diamond Kendall Limited to CIFG, the plaintiff continued
to be represented by Chia and Yeo in all matters related to and arising out of
the bond subscription agreements.

7 Some of the salient terms and conditions under the 2007 CBSA are:

(a) Schedule 2 setting out the schedule pursuant to which the 1st defendant
was to make payment to the plaintiff towards the redemption of the bonds;

(b) By clause 9.1, the 1st defendant together with the 2nd to 5th defendants
in their personal capacities as initial shareholders of the 1st defendant,
also covenanted to abide by, _inter alia_ , the following conditions set out
at clauses 9.2 and 9.3 of the 2007 CBSA, failing which the plaintiff was
entitled to withdraw the facilities granted and demand immediate redemption of
the same. In particular, the defendants covenanted to maintain the financial
ratios set out at clause 9.2(xxix) and clause 9.3 (xxix) of the 2007 CBSA. The
financial ratios were subsequently varied by way of clause 1.1(iii) and clause
1.1(iv) of the Supplemental 2007 CBSA; and

(c) Clause 11 setting out specific events of default pursuant to which the
plaintiff may, by notice to the 1st defendant, declare the 2007 Bond and the
facilities extended thereunder cancelled. In that event, all the outstanding
sums due will be immediately due and payable and the plaintiff would be
entitled without further notice to institute proceedings to enforce such
payments.

8 The 2007 CBSA also provides for an “indemnity clause” under clause 12. As
the interpretation of clause 12 is a subject matter of dispute in both
applications (see details in paragraphs 21 to 25 below), it is reproduced in
its entirety below:

**12.** **INDEMNITY**

12.1 **General Indemnity** : The Initial Shareholders and the Issuer hereby
jointly and severally agree and undertake to fully indemnify and hold the
Bondholder and its shareholders and their respective fund managers, directors,
officers and employees (the “**Indemnified Parties** ”) harmless from and
against any claims, damages, deficiencies, losses, costs, liabilities and
expenses (including legal fees and disbursements on a full indemnity basis)
directly or indirectly caused to the Indemnified Parties and in particular,
but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, for any short-fall,
depletion or diminution in value of the assets of the Issuer, the Group or any
Group Company resulting directly or indirectly from or arising out of any
breach or alleged breach of any of the representations, warranties,
undertakings and covenants given by the Initial Shareholders and/or the Issuer
under this Agreement or for any breach or alleged breach of any term or
condition of this Agreement.

12.2 **Conduct of Defence** : If any action, proceeding, claim or demand
(including a governmental investigation) shall be instituted involving any of
the Indemnified Parties in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant
to Clause 12.1, such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Issuer and
the Initial Shareholders in writing and the Issuer and the Initial
Shareholders shall, unless the Indemnified Party elects to assume the defence
itself, assume the defence thereof and appoint lawyers satisfactory to the
Indemnified Party (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed) and shall be liable to pay the fees and expenses of such lawyers
related to such proceeding. If such Indemnified Party elects to appoint its
own lawyers in a connected legal proceeding, the Issuer and Initial
Shareholders shall pay for all reasonable legal costs as well if and only if:

(a) the use of counsel appointed by the Issuer and the Initial Shareholders to
represent the Indemnified Party would present such counsel with a conflict of
interest;

(b) the actual or potential defendants in or targets of such action include
both (i) the Indemnified Person and (ii) the Issuer and/or the Existing
Shareholder, and the Indemnified Person shall have reasonably concluded that
there may be legal defences available to it;

(c) the Issuer and the Initial Shareholders shall not have employed counsel
satisfactory to the Indemnified Person to represent the Indemnified Person
within a reasonable time; or

(d) the Issuer and the Initial Shareholders shall have authorised the
Indemnified Person to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Issuer and
the Existing Shareholder.

12.3 **Defence by Indemnified Person** : In any proceeding, pursuant to Clause
12.2, if the Indemnified Person has elected to assume the defence itself or
the Issuer has and the Initial Shareholders have failed to appoint lawyers
satisfactory to the Indemnified Person within a reasonable time, the Issuer
and the Initial Shareholders shall reimburse such fees and expenses as are
incurred by the Indemnified Person. The Issuer and the Initial Shareholders
shall not be liable for any settlement of any such proceeding effected without
its written consent (provided that such consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed), but if settled with such consent (or without such
consent in circumstances where such consent shall have been unreasonably
withheld or delayed as aforesaid) or if there be final judgment for the
plaintiff, the Issuer agrees and the Initial Shareholders jointly and
severally agree to indemnify the Indemnified Person against any loss or
liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. The Issuer and Initial
Shareholders shall not settle any proceeding without the written consent of
the Indemnified Person (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed).

9 The 2007 CBSA also provides for an “entire agreement clause” under clause 14
and it reads as follows: -

**14** **PREVIOUS AGREEMENTS**

14.1 **Entire Agreement** : This Agreement and the documents referred to
herein are in substitution for all previous agreements, both written and oral,
between all or any of the parties and contain the whole agreement between the
parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.

10 In respect of the 2nd and 3rd defendants, it is undisputed that they are at
all material times, the personal guarantors of 50% of the liabilities of the
1st defendant to the plaintiff under the 2007 CBSA as a result of a Personal
Guarantee and Indemnity dated 5 October 2007 (“2007 Guarantee”) executed by
them in favour of the plaintiff and as varied by the Supplemental Guarantee
Agreement executed on 16 October 2008 (“Supplemental Guarantee”).

11 Pursuant to the 2007 CBSA, the First Tranche of the 2007 Bond amounting to
US$3,000,000 was issued by the 1st defendant to the plaintiff on 29 October
2007. The Second Tranche and Third Tranche of the 2007 Bond, amounting to
US$2,000,000 and US$500,000 respectively, were also issued by the 1st
defendant to the plaintiff on 28 April 2008.

12 Subsequently in or around 2008, the defendants requested by way of, amongst
others, a letter from the 1st defendant dated 16 June 2008 and the plaintiff
agreed to grant the defendants an additional facility of US$2,800,000. By a
further agreement in writing between the plaintiff and the defendants as
evidenced by a Convertible Bond Subscription Agreement dated 16 October 2008
(“2008 CBSA”) and a Supplemental Bond Subscription Agreement dated 16 October
2008 (“Supplemental 2008 CBSA”), the 1st defendant issued and the plaintiff
subscribed for the full principal amount of a convertible bond (“2008 Bond”)
with a redemption value of US$4,666,667 pursuant to which the plaintiff would
grant the 1st defendant an additional facility in the sum of US$2,800,000. It
is undisputed that the additional facility was also drawn down by the 1st
defendant.

13 Some of the salient terms and conditions under the 2008 CBSA are:

(a) Schedule 2 setting out the schedule for the 1st defendant to redeem the
2008 Bond;

(b) By clause 9.1, the defendants covenanted to maintain the financial ratios
set out at clauses 9.2 (xxviii) and 9.3 (xxviii) of the 2008 CBSA;

(c) By clauses 9.2 (xxx) and 9.3 (xxx), the defendants also covenanted to
perfect, execute and/ or register the security documents (as defined in the
2008 CBSA) within a specified time where required by the plaintiff; and

(d) Clause 11 setting out the specific events of default pursuant to which the
plaintiff may, by notice to the 1st defendant declare the 2008 Bond and the
facilities extended thereunder cancelled. In that event, all the amounts due
under the 2008 CBSA will be immediately due and payable.

14 Similarly, the 2008 CBSA also provides for an “indemnity” clause and an
“entire agreement” clause under clause 12 and clause 14.1 and the wordings of
these clauses remain the same as the 2007 CBSA.

15 Likewise, it is also undisputed that the 2nd and 3rd defendants personally
guaranteed 50% of the liabilities of the 1st defendant to the plaintiff under
the 2008 CBSA pursuant to the Personal Guarantee and Indemnity dated 5 October
2008 executed by them in favour of the plaintiff (“2008 Guarantee”). Pursuant
to the 2008 CBSA, the 2008 Bond with a nominal value of US$2,800,000 was
issued by the 1st defendant to the plaintiff on 31 October 2008.

16 About a year later, the plaintiff and the defendants entered into a
Supplemental Convertible Bond Subscription Agreement dated 28 October 2009
(“Supplemental 2009 CBSA”). The Supplemental 2009 CBSA essentially granted the
1st defendant a two year grace period in respect of its payment obligations
under the 2007 CBSA and the 2008 CBSA and also eased the financial ratios to
be maintained by the 1st defendant under the 2007 CBSA and 2008 CBSA. Pursuant
to clause 1.2 of the Supplemental 2009 CBSA, the provisions of the 2007 CBSA,
Supplemental 2007 CBSA, 2008 CBSA and Supplemental 2008 CBSA, including the
abovementioned clauses 12.1 and 14.1, were incorporated into the 2009
Supplemental CBSA.

17 For ease of reference, the 2007 CBSA, the Supplemental 2007 CBSA, the 2008
CBSA, the Supplemental 2008 CBSA and the Supplemental 2009 CBSA shall be
collectively referred to as the “Bond Subscription Agreements”. The 2007
Guarantee, 2008 Guarantee and the Supplemental Guarantee executed by the 2nd
and 3rd defendants shall be collectively referred to as the “Personal
Guarantees”.

**Summary of plaintiff’s claims and defendants’ disputes**

18 The plaintiff in this case has applied for summary judgment against all
five defendants. The plaintiff’s primary claim against the 1st defendant is
for its failure to make payment of the outstanding sum due under the terms of
the Bond Subscription Agreements in accordance with Schedule 2. In the
circumstances, an Event of Default within the meaning of clause 11.1 of the
2007 CBSA and 2008 CBSA has occurred. By way of letters dated 26 March 2012,
10 April 2012 and 5 August 2013 (collectively referred to as the “letters of
demand”), the plaintiff issued demands on the defendants for the sums owing
under the Bond Subscription Agreements. As the plaintiff did not receive any
payment from the defendants, it then cancelled the facilities by way of a
letter dated 15 August 2013 through its solicitors and demanded the immediate
repayment of all outstanding sums, amounting to US$18,685,447 as at 7 June
2013.

19 The plaintiff also claimed that it is entitled to terminate the Bond
Subscription Agreements for the 1st defendant’s failure to fulfil various
conditions subsequent such as failure to maintain the requisite financial
ratios, failure to provide the relevant financial information and reports for
the years 2009 to 2011, failure to register with the relevant authorities
debentures granted by the 1st defendant’s subsidiary FDP in favour of the
plaintiff under the Bond Subscription Agreements within the relevant period.

20 The plaintiff further claimed that it is entitled to terminate the Bond
Subscription Agreement on the basis that the following two events amounted to
events of default within the meaning of clause 11.1 of the 2007 CBSA and 2008
CBSA:

(a) The alleged unilateral disposal of 75 LIW machines and 20 Melf machines by
FDP, which the plaintiff claimed amounts to a disposal of a substantial
portion of FDP’s total assets;

(b) Notwithstanding the plaintiff’s objections, FDP unilaterally proceeded to
suspend all its operations for a period of three months commencing from 1
August 2013.

21 As against the 2nd to 5th defendants, the plaintiff sought to recover the
whole of the 1st defendant’s alleged liability pursuant to the general
indemnity provision in clause 12.1 of the 2007 and 2008 CBSA. It is the
plaintiff’s case that pursuant to clause 12.1, each of the defendants jointly
and severally agreed and undertook to fully indemnify the plaintiff and keep
the plaintiff indemnified from and against all losses, costs, liabilities and
expenses caused to the plaintiff arising directly or indirectly from any
breach of the Bond Subscription Agreements. In respect of the 2nd and 3rd
defendants, the plaintiff further sought to enforce the Personal Guarantees
against them for 50% of the 1st defendant’s alleged liability.

22 In summary, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Hri Kumar Nair, _S.C._ , argued
that this is a case for summary judgment as the 1st defendant was in clear
breach of the various terms of the Bond Subscription Agreement and the 2nd to
5th defendants were clearly liable to indemnify the plaintiff pursuant to
clause 12.1. As for the 2nd and 3rd defendants, they are also liable to
indemnify the plaintiff up to 50% of the 1st defendant’s liability by virtue
of the Personal Guarantees executed by them.

23 On the other hand, the defendants contended that the plaintiff’s reliance
on the general indemnity provision under clause 12.1 as an unlimited guarantee
making all four individual defendants personally liable for the whole of the
contractual obligations of the 1st defendant is a strained reading of clause
12.1, in isolation from clause 12.2 and clause 12.3. Counsel for the
defendants, Mr Tan Chee Meng, _S.C._ (“Mr Tan”), submitted that a holistic
interpretation of clause 12.1, read together with clause 12.2 and clause 12.3,
suggests that clause 12.1 merely covers third party proceedings, claims and/or
demands instituted against the plaintiff. Clause 12.1 should not be read in
isolation such that the defendants, in particular the 4th and 5th defendants
are required to fully indemnify the plaintiff and keep the plaintiff fully
indemnified from and against all losses, costs and expenses caused to the
plaintiff arising directly or indirectly from any breach of the Bond
Subscription Agreements.

24 Mr Tan further argued that the interpretation as contended by the plaintiff
flies in the face of the carefully designed transaction as a whole under which
the 2nd and 3rd defendants gave limited 50% personal guarantees and the 4th
and 5th defendants gave none. It was the 4th and 5th defendants’ case that
their losses were limited only to the loss of their respective shares in the
1st defendant company and nothing more, and their case was further reinforced
by the commercial background to the transactions, including the pre-contract
negotiations and subsequent conduct of the parties. On this basis, the 4th and
5th defendants took out the striking out application under Sum 424/2013.

25 The defendants further alleged that prior to the signing of the 2007 CBSA,
Chia and Yeo entered into an alleged oral agreement with the 2nd defendant,
who was acting for and on behalf of all defendants, that the liability of the
4th and 5th defendants would be limited to the loss of their shares in the 1st
defendant and nothing more. Further and/or in the alternative, clause 12.1 was
included as part of the 2007 CBSA under a mutual mistake of fact and the
defendants had commenced Third Party proceedings against Chia and Yeo for,
amongst others, misrepresentation.

26 The 1st defendant also disputed liability on the basis that its alleged
failure to pay the plaintiff the sums due and outstanding under the Bond
Subscription Agreements were occasioned by the plaintiff’s and its
representatives’ wrongdoing and unreasonable interferences with the management
and business operations of the 1st defendant and its subsidiaries, which were
in breach of the Shareholders’ Agreement dated 5 November 2007 (see details in
paragraph 48 below). In light of the factual matrix, this was not an
appropriate case for summary judgment and unconditional leave should be given
to defend.

**Approach to be adopted**

27 Given the concurrent applications for striking out and summary judgment, it
appears to be undisputed that if the Court is with the defendants as to the
interpretation of clause 12.1, then the plaintiff’s claim against the 4th and
5th defendants should be struck out. On the other hand, if the Court is not
with the defendants on this point, it will have to go on to consider if the
plaintiff has raised a suitable case for summary judgment against all five
defendants.

28 With this approach, I shall now go on to deal with the respective
applications.

**Sum 424/2014 – striking out**

29 The principles relating to striking out under O 18 r 19(1) are well
established. In _Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin
and others_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649, the Court of Appeal (“CA”) stated that the
power to strike out should only be exercised in plain and obvious cases and
should not be exercised by a minute and protracted examination of the
documents and facts of the case in order to see if the plaintiff really has a
cause of action. As to what the threshold is for a “reasonable cause of
action”, the guiding principle was said to be a cause of action which has some
chance of success when only the allegations in the pleadings are considered
and as long as the statement of claim discloses some cause of action or raises
some question fit to be decided at trial, there mere fact that the case is
weak and is not likely to succeed is no ground for striking it out: at [21].

30 In the more recent case of _Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another_
[2012] 1 SLR 457 at [110], Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA also held that the more
draconian power of the court to strike out a claim at the interlocutory stage
under limb (a) of O 18 r 19(1) can only be exercised if it is patently clear
that there is no reasonable cause of action on the face of the pleadings. In
The “ _Bunga Melati 5”_ [2012] 4 SLR 546, the CA also noted at [34] that prior
local case law centered the test on whether the action is “plainly or
obviously unsustainable” and that the generality of the test of sustainability
is precisely what enables a court to do justice based on the facts before it.
The CA then went on at [39] to set out some guidelines to assist the courts in
applying the test. The first guideline was that a claim is legally
unsustainable if it is clear as a matter of law at the outset that even if a
party were to succeed in proving all the facts that he offers to prove, he
will not be entitled to the remedy that he seeks. The second guideline is that
a claim is factually unsustainable if it is possible to say with confidence
before the trial that the factual basis for the claim is entirely fanciful
because it is entirely without substance. An example was said to be a case
where it is “clear beyond question that the statement of facts is contradicted
by all the documents or other material on which it is based”.

31 Bearing the above principles of striking out in mind, the issue before the
Court is whether it is so plain and obvious that clause 12.1 should be
interpreted to only cover third party proceedings and/or actions instituted
against the plaintiff, as contended by the defendants. This issue turns
primarily on the plain and ordinary meaning of clause 12.1. In _Uzbekistan
Airways v Jetspeed Travel Pte Ltd_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1, the learned Andrew Ang J
held at [21] that in general, the words of the contract are to be understood
in their natural and ordinary meaning, bearing in mind the context in which
the contract had been made.

32 I am of the considered view it is not plain and obvious that clause 12.1
should be interpreted in such a restrictive manner, as submitted by the
defendants. On the plain and ordinary meaning of clause 12.1, I am in
agreement with the plaintiff that pursuant to clause 12.1, the initial
shareholders (which include the 4th and 5th defendants) and the 1st defendant
had contractually agreed to indemnify the plaintiff in a number of events and
one of these events includes losses suffered by the plaintiff arising from a
breach of any term or condition of the agreement. As clearly stated in its
heading, clause 12.1 is a “general indemnity” clause. There is nothing unusual
for commercial contracts, such as the present Bond Subscription Agreements, to
include such general indemnity clauses whereby one party can seek compensation
from the other party either for breach of contract or for failure to perform
the contract properly on the part of the latter or a third party (as in this
case).

33 I am also not in agreement with the defendants’ submissions that clauses
12.2 and 12.3 have the effect of restricting the application of clause 12.1 to
only cover third party proceedings or claims instituted against the plaintiff.
On the contrary, clause 12.2 makes it clear that it deals with a separate and
distinct situation when an action or proceeding is instituted involving any of
the indemnified parties in which indemnity may be sought under clause 12.1.
The support for this is found in the opening phrase of clause 12.2, which
reads, “** _If_** any action, proceeding… shall be instituted involving any of
the Indemnified Parties in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant
to Clause 12.1, such Indemnified party shall promptly notify the Issuer and
the Initial Shareholders…”.

34 The Oxford English Dictionary (Second Edition) (Clarendon Press Oxford,
1989) defines “** _if_** ” as:

Introducing a clause of condition or supposition (the protasis of a
conditional sentence). On condition that; given or granted that; In (the) case
that; supposing that; on the supposition that.

As such, clause 12.2 kicks in only _on condition or on supposition_ that an
action has been instituted involving the plaintiff in respect of which an
indemnity may be sought under clause 12.1 and under these circumstances, the
defendants shall assume the defence thereof and appoint lawyers satisfactory
to the plaintiff, unless the plaintiff elects to assume the defence itself. In
such a situation or where the defendants have failed to appoint lawyers
satisfactory to the plaintiff within a reasonable time, clause 12.3 then kicks
in to provide that the defendants shall reimburse such fees and expenses as
incurred by the plaintiff.

35 Reading clause 12.2 and clause 12.3 together, one reaches the conclusion
that these two clauses deal with the separate and distinct situation when an
action has been instituted involving the plaintiff in respect of which the
plaintiff is entitled to seek indemnity under clause 12.1. They do not in any
way seek to circumscribe the scope of application of clause 12.1. In other
words, clause 12.1 deals with the general and clauses 12.2 and 12.3 deal with
the specific.

36 In any event, as the Court dealing with a striking out application, I only
have to ask myself if it is so _plain and obvious_ that clause 12.1 should be
interpreted to only cover third party actions instituted against the
plaintiff. When the issue is framed in this manner, the answer is clear: it is
not plain and obvious that clause 12.1 should be interpreted in such a
restrictive manner.

37 Considering that a striking out is only warranted for plain and obvious
cases, I do not see the need to go into details to address the defendants’
remaining arguments in support of their application. These are issues best
left for determination at trial. The fact I have refused to exercise my
discretion to strike out the plaintiff’s case also does not mean that my
interpretation of clause 12.1 is determinative. I therefore dismiss the 4th
and 5th defendants’ application under Sum 424/2014.

**Sum 5740/2013 – summary judgment**

38 I then go on to deal with the plaintiff’s application for summary judgment
against all five defendants under Sum 5740/2013.

39 It is trite that summary judgment should not be given where the defendant
satisfies the Court that there is an issue or question in dispute which ought
to be tried. The power to give summary judgment under O 14 is intended only to
apply to cases where there is no reasonable doubt that a plaintiff is entitled
to judgment, and where it is inexpedient to allow a defendant to defend for
mere purposes of delay. Where a defendant shows that he has a fair case for
defence or reasonable grounds for setting up a defence or even a fair
probability that he has a bona fide defence, he ought to have leave to defend:
_Habibullah Mohamed Yousuff v Indian Bank_ [1999] 3 SLR 650 at [21].

40 Leave to defend must be given unless it is clear that there is no real
substantial question to be tried and that there is no dispute as to facts or
law which raises a reasonable doubt that the plaintiff is entitled to
judgment. A defendant ought not to be shut out from defending unless it is
very clear that he has no case in the action. A complete defence need not be
shown. The defence set up need only show that there is a triable issue or
question or that for some reason there ought to be a trial: _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2013_ (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2013) (“ _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2013_ ”) at [14/4/5] (page 144). It is further provided that
where there are unexplained features of a claim and defence which are
disturbing, the Court should not make tentative assessments of the respective
chances of success of the parties or the relative strengths of their good or
bad faith, and should not on such an examination grant the defendant
conditional leave to defend, but should give unconditional leave to defend:
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2013_ at [14/4/5] (page 145).

41 In the event of conflicting affidavit evidence, it is normally not
appropriate for a judge to attempt to resolve such conflicts on affidavits. It
is trite that O 14 proceedings are not decided by weighing two affidavits:
_Eng Mee Yong & Ors. v Letchumanan_ [1979] 2 MLJ 212. Nonetheless, the Court
must be mindful that the duty of a judge does not end as soon as a fact is
asserted by one party and simply denied by the other party in an affidavit;
where such assertion, denial or dispute is equivocal, or lacking in precision
or is inconsistent with undisputed contemporary documents or other statements
by the same deponent, or is inherently improbable in itself, then the judge
has the duty to reject such assertion or denial, thereby rendering the issue
not triable. Apart from identifying the issues of fact and law, the Court must
go one step further and determine whether they are triable. Unless this
principle is adhered to, a judge is in no position to exercise his discretion
judicially: _Bank Negara Malaysia v Mohd Ismail & Ors._ [1992] 1 MLJ 400 and
the _Singapore Civil Procedure 2013_ at [14/4/2] (page 143).

42 The Court may give the defendant leave to defend either unconditionally or
conditionally, that is to say, “on such terms as to giving security or time or
mode of trial of otherwise as it thinks fits”. This may include paying some or
all of the money or damages claimed into Court. Such conditions may be imposed
where there is a good ground in the evidence for believing that the defence
set up is a sham defence or the Court “is prepared very nearly to give
judgment for the plaintiff”. Conditional leave should be granted where the
defence set up is a sham defence or shadowy or there is something suspicious
in the defendant’s mode of presenting his case: _Singapore Civil Procedure
2013_ at [14/4/12] (page 153).

43 Mr Tan sought to raise several triable issues in relation to each of the
defendants. In respect of the 4th and 5th defendant, counsel argued that there
is a triable issue of mutual mistake and allegations of misrepresentation by
Chia and Yeo who were representatives of the plaintiff at all material times.
In respect of the 1st defendant, Mr Tan submitted that there are also triable
issues such as whether the circumstances and causes of default are
attributable to the plaintiff, in particular, unreasonable interference by
Chia and Yeo with the management of the 1st defendant and its trading
subsidiaries, in breach of clauses 2(a) and (b) of the Shareholders’
Agreement. As guarantors up to 50% of the 1st defendant’s liability, the 2nd
and 3rd defendants will have available to them the same defences as the 1st
defendant. These issues are best left for trial.

44 I have to first bear in mind that the plaintiff’s application for summary
judgment is against all five defendants. However, the plaintiff’s primary
claim is against the 1st defendant company. The plaintiff’s claim against the
2nd and 3rd defendants is based on the Personal Guarantees executed by them
and the general indemnity clause under clause 12.1. As for the 4th and 5th
defendants, the plaintiff’s claim is only based on the general indemnity
clause. If the Court is of the view that there are sufficient triable issues
raised in respect of the plaintiff’s primary claim against the 1st defendant,
then logically, the summary application against the 2nd to 5th defendants must
also fail as the individual defendants should be entitled to avail themselves
of the same defences raised by the 1st defendant.

45 Bearing the above in mind, I shall now proceed to consider the summary
judgment application against the 1st defendant. It is the plaintiff’s case
that in breach of clauses 2.5, 4, 5 and 6 of the 2007 CBSA and 2008 CBSA, the
1st defendant had failed to make payment of the outstanding amounts due in
accordance with Schedule 2 which amounted to an event of default pursuant to
clauses 11.1(a), (b) and (h) of the 2007 CBSA and clauses 11.1 (a), (b) and
(g) of the 2008 CBSA.

46 The defendants disputed liability on the basis that the 1st defendant’s
alleged failure, neglect and/or refusal to pay the sums due and outstanding
under the Bond Subscription Agreements were occasioned by the plaintiff’s own
wrong doing and action. Specifically, Chia and Yeo had (a) interfered in the
management of the business of the 1st defendant and its trading subsidiaries;
(b) unreasonably controlled the banking facilities of the 1st defendant and
its trading subsidiaries; (c) decided to terminate the non-VAT sales of BUDL
in exercise of their rights and powers as nominee directors of the 1st
defendant. These wrong business and management decisions adversely affected
the business and financial situation of the 1st defendant and its trading
subsidiaries, in particular, cash flow, which ultimately affected the 1st
defendant’s financial ability to meet its payment obligations under the Bond
Subscription Agreements.

47 The 2nd and 3rd defendants’ affidavits then went on to set out in great
detail the ways in which Chia and Yeo had repeatedly and significantly
overstepped their anticipated role as nominee directors of the 1st defendant
and its subsidiaries, for instance, (a) putting in place bureaucratic approval
processes for routine business payments to suppliers; (b) placing restrictions
on operation of the trading companies’ banking facilities, including specific
examples of Yeo’s highly destructive delay and refusal to permit FDP to
negotiate standard banking facilities essential to its operations; (c) giving
directive to BUDL to terminate the long-standing practice of local non-VAT
sales in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) since the inception of BUDL in
December 1995.

48 The defendants argued that the evidence established a breach of clause 2
(a) and (b) of the Shareholders’ Agreement and that clause 3.1(m) of the 2007
CBSA did not confer upon Chia and Yeo the powers to interfere in the 1st
defendant’s business operations in the manner and extent that they did. For
example, clause 3(m)(vii) only entitled Chia and Yeo to object to the 1st
defendant (and its subsidiaries) entering into any abnormal or unusual
contract outside the ordinary course of business. Yet they instructed the 1st
defendant’s subsidiaries to cease all non-VAT sales in the PRC despite such
sales being part and parcel of the daily business for which the defendants
have obtained PRC legal opinion which concluded that such sales were
acceptable.

49 Of course, Yeo disputed the defendants’ case in her affidavit filed on 6
December 2013. However, insofar as she makes several factual assertions that
differ from the defendants’ evidence, I am of the view that an O 14 proceeding
is not the most appropriate of forums to resolve such issues of fact. Whether
there was excessive interference with management in breach of the
Shareholders’ Agreement which lead to the 1st defendant’s inability to pay is
a matter for trial.

50 Besides the failure to make payments due under the Bond Subscription
Agreements, the plaintiff also contended that each of the following breaches
entitled the plaintiff to declare an event of default and to demand full
payment:

(a) Suspension of FDP’s operation which was in breach of clause 11.1(g) of the
2007 CBSA and clause 11.1(f) of the 2008 CBSA;

(b) Failure to maintain the requisite financial ratios which was in breach of
clause 2.1(v) of the Supplemental 2009 CBSA;

(c) Unauthorized disposal of FDP’s assets in breach of clause 9.2(v) and 9.3
(v) of the 2007 CBSA and 2008 CBSA read together with clause 11.1(b) and/or
clause 11.1(f) of the 2007 CBSA and clause 11.1(e) of the 2008 CBSA;

(d) Failure to register the relevant debentures as required under clause
9.2(xxx) of the 2008 CBSA.

51 To each of these alleged breaches, the defendants raise several responses:

(a) Although the provisions of clauses 9.2 and 9.3 were introduced as
“conditions subsequent”, they could not on analysis be regarded as
“conditions”, any breach of which entitled the other party to treat the
contract as repudiated. They should be considered as innominate terms. To this
end, the earlier demands made by the Plaintiff while warning of potential
termination for non-payment, made no reference to the possibility of
termination for non-compliance with these provisions and hence, supported the
defence’s case that these were not conditions but innominate terms.

(b) Steps announced in the letter by Yeo dated 29 March 2011 were entirely
inconsistent with any assertion of a right to bring the agreements to an end
on the basis of the alleged deviation from the relevant ratios. In other
words, the plaintiff prescribed steps to be taken to remedy the non-compliance
and the 1st defendant cooperated.

(c) In respect of the supposed failure to register the relevant debentures,
there was an issue of whether it was even possible under PRC laws to register
the debentures in the first place, as required under clause 9.2(xxx).

(d) It was also debatable whether the disposal of FDP’s assets in this case
amounted to a disposal of a “substantial part” of FDP’s assets within clause
11.1(f). These assets that were being disposed of were surplus assets which
had been left idle for one and half years to a few years and the disposal was
also recommended by FTI Consulting (Singapore) Pte Ltd, the consultancy
company appointed by the plaintiff.

52 It is trite law that the Court dealing with a summary judgment application
should not be required to embark on a protracted and minute examination of
facts and evidence before granting an order for summary judgment. The Court
should also not make tentative assessment based on the weight of affidavits.
In the event of conflicting affidavit evidence, it is normally not appropriate
for the Court to attempt to resolve such conflicts on affidavits. I am of the
considered view that such detailed examination of evidence and what
construction or interpretation should be attributed to the various clauses of
the Bond Subscription Agreement is something that is best left determined at
trial and the Court should be careful of usurping the role of the trial court.

53 As explained in paragraph 44 above, if the Court is of the view that
summary judgment should not be entered against the 1st defendant as there are
several triable issues, it will also not be appropriate to enter summary
judgment against the 2nd to 5th defendants. Be that as it may, I shall still
briefly deal with some of the remaining arguments which the plaintiff put
forth in its submissions in the O 14 application against the 4th and 5th
defendants. The plaintiff sought to convince the Court that the 4th and 5th
defendants’ claim of an alleged oral agreement between Chia, Yeo and the 2nd
defendants that the liability of the 4th and 5th defendants would be limited
to the loss of their shares is a non-starter in law because of the entire
agreement clause in clause 14.1 as well as the parole evidence rule.

54 On this point, I am not in entire agreement with the plaintiff’s
submissions. The defendants appeared to be alleging some form of
misrepresentation on the part of Chia and Yeo. It is also not entirely clear
in law that entire agreement clause can purport to exclude a claim in
misrepresentation. The Court of Appeal in _Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor
& Ors_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 held at [28] that:

…whether or not an entire agreement clause can purport to exclude a claim in
misrepresentation remains a matter of some controversy (cf _Thomas Witter Ltd
v TMP Industries Ltd_ [1996] 2 All ER 573 (“Thomas Witter”); and see
_Inntrepreneur Pub Co v East Crown Ltd_ at 614 – “An entire agreement
provision does not preclude a claim in misrepresentation, for the denial of
contractual force cannot affect the status of a statement as a
misrepresentation”.

55 As the Court dealing with a summary judgment application, I only need to
ask myself whether the defendants have raised a triable issue that the
agreement as embodied in the 2007 CBSA did not reflect the true intention of
all parties and/ or there may have been possible misrepresentation made by the
plaintiff’s representatives as to the scope of the 4th and 5th defendant’s
liability under the Bond Subscription Agreements. I considered the documentary
records, in particular, the successive Terms Sheets that were put up prior to
the signing of the contract. The defendants submitted that the Term Sheets
traced the evolution of the parties’ dealings from the first draft Term Sheet
through the third draft to the Final Term Sheet and these Term Sheets clearly
showed an agreed position in which the only personal liability the individual
shareholders were prepared to undertake for the 1st defendant’s financial
obligation, beyond the risk of forfeiting their shares, consisted of only the
limited personal guarantees given by the 2nd and 3rd defendants. At [138] of
their submissions, the plaintiff relied on the parole evidence rule to argue
that such extrinsic evidence is inadmissible. The parole evidence rule states
that where a contract has been determined by the Court to contain all the
terms of the parties’ agreement, no extrinsic evidence is admissible to vary,
contradict, add to or subtract from the terms of that document: _Zurich
Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte
Ltd._ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“ _Zurich Insurance_ ”) at [40].

56 The Court of Appeal in _Zurich Insurance_ held at [112] that the parole
evidence rule only operates where the contract was intended by the parties to
contain all the terms of their agreement. Where the contractual terms are
ambiguous on their face, it is likely that the contract does not contain all
the terms intended by the parties. Furthermore, in order to ascertain whether
the parties intended to embody their entire agreement in the contract, the
Court may take cognizance of extrinsic evidence or the surrounding
circumstances of the contract. At [114], the Court of Appeal affirmed its
approval of the contextual approach to contractual interpretation and held
that extrinsic evidence is always admissible even if there is no ambiguity in
the contract sought to be interpreted and the Court is not precluded from
admitting extrinsic evidence _imprimis_ to determine if the terms of the
documents require explanation in light of that evidence.

57 In view of the foregoing, I agree with the defendants’ submissions that
evidence of pre-contract dealings between the parties are admissible and are
relevant because it explains how the overall bargain was to be given effect.
The documentary evidence and largely corroborative affidavit evidence of the
2nd to 5th defendants that there was an alleged common understanding that the
liabilities of the 4th and 5th defendants were limited only to the loss of
their shares, cannot be ignored and are, in my view, sufficient to raise a
triable issue in this case.

58 In the course of the hearing, it was also brought to my attention that the
defendants had commenced Third Party proceedings against Chia and Yeo for,
amongst others, misrepresentation. Although I am not precluded from entering
summary judgment just because there are ongoing Third Party proceedings, I am
not minded to shut out the defendants’ case at this relatively early stage of
the proceedings as Chia and Yeo were clearly acting as the plaintiff’s
representatives at the material times.

**Conclusion**

59 For the foregoing reasons, I am of the considered view that there are
several triable issues in this case and this is not an appropriate case for
summary judgment. I thereby dismiss the plaintiff’s application under Sum
5740/2013.

60 I shall now hear parties on the costs of both applications.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

