Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Micheal Anak Garing and another  
[2014] SGHC 13

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 19 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Anandan Bala, Seraphina Fong and Marcus Foo (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Ramesh Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary)
and Josephus Tan (Patrick Tan LLC) for the first accused; B J Lean (Thiru &
Co) and Amarick Gill Singh (Amarick Gill & Co) for the second accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Micheal Anak Garing — Tony Anak Imba  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeals to this decision in Criminal Appeals Nos 9
and 11 of 2015 were dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 27 February 2017. See
[2017] SGCA 7.]

20 January 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Sometime between 12.13am and 7.34am of 30 May 2010, Shanmuganathan
Dillidurai (“Shanmuganathan”) was killed along Kallang Road. Shanmuganathan
was a 41-year-old construction worker from India. He was cycling along Kallang
Road near “The Riverine By The Park” condominium when he was set upon by a
gang of assailants. He was assaulted and robbed of his wallet. He was already
dead by the time he was found, and the cause of death was certified by the
forensic pathologist as arising from multiple injuries. The main and fatal
injuries were set out in the forensic report by Dr Paul Chui. Shanmuganathan
was found with his left palm severed from his hand, his skull fractured, a
slash wound to the neck which severed his jugular vein, and a wound over his
back which cut so deep that his shoulder blade was cracked.

2 Shanmuganathan was not the only person attacked, nor was he the first. It
transpired that three other persons were attacked by the same assailants.
Investigations by the police revealed the identities of the assailants as
Micheal Anak Garing (“Micheal Garing”), Tony Anak Imba (“Tony Imba”), Hairee
Anak Landak (“Hairee Landak”), and Donny Anak Meluda. They were East
Malaysians working in Singapore on work permits. On the evening of 29 May
2010, they were drinking rice wine and Sprite at 252C Geylang Road. There,
they planned to commit robbery. There did not seem to be any specific plan or
target, but the four of them left Geylang Road about 11pm. Micheal Garing
armed himself with a parang (a home-made machete, exhibited as P453). Between
11 pm that evening and 7.34am of 30 May 2010, this gang of four attacked and
robbed three other persons before they attacked Shanmuganathan. The three
others were Sandeep Singh (“Sandeep”), Ang Jun Heng (“Ang”), and Egan
Karuppaiah (“Egan”). Defence counsel objected to the admission of evidence
relating to the three attacks on the ground that the evidence would be
prejudicial to the accused persons. I overruled the objections and allowed the
evidence to be adduced. The attacks on the three other persons were part of
the crucial narrative leading to the offence at trial. What the assailants
were doing before the offence in question was relevant, not only to the
prosecution, but as it will be seen, also to the defence. Each attack may
appear to be an incident in itself but together they form an integral act
pursuant to a common intention to assault and rob. The prejudicial value of
the evidence of the other assaults did not outweigh the probative value. The
final attack could not have been fully appreciated without evidence of the
other three.

3 The evidence that were not disputed revealed that Sandeep was attacked
first, followed by Ang, and then Egan. Sandeep was attacked while he was
sitting on a rocking horse in a playground, chatting on the phone with his
family members in India. Tony Imba hit him over the head with a brick. The
blow fractured his skull, exposing his brain. Chips of broken bone were
embedded in his brain. The forensic pathologist, Dr Paul Chui, and the
surgeon, Dr Sharon Low, were of the opinion that that was a potentially fatal
injury. After Tony Imba had dealt the first blow, the others continued the
assault. Sandeep was slashed with the parang and robbed of his wallet and
mobile phone. Ang was walking alone along a footpath beneath a Mass Rapid
Transit track after a late night out with friends when he was set upon by the
gang. Tony kicked Ang, and as Ang prepared to defend himself, the other
members of the gang joined in the attack. Micheal Garing slashed Ang with the
parang. For his resistance, Ang lost his left hand. His palm cut off almost in
the same way that Shanmuganathan’s palm was sliced off – midway across the
palm, losing all four fingers. The doctors were unable to re-attach the
severed hand. Ang had other laceration wounds, including one so deep that it
almost cut his spinal cord. The medical evidence showed that that was a
potentially fatal injury. About ten minutes after attacking Ang and robbing
him of his wallet and mobile phone, the gang attacked Egan. Ang’s mobile phone
was subsequently found in Micheal Garing’s possession. Egan was attacked first
by Tony Imba before the other members joined in the attack. Egan had parts of
his fingers cut off and various lacerations and fractures. He showed the
resulting limitation of flexibility to his limbs when he testified for the
prosecution. Like Sandeep and Ang, his wallet and mobile phone were taken away
by the assailants.

4 Sandeep, Ang, and Egan testified to the assaults on them. Much of the
evidence was not disputed. Mr Lean, counsel for Tony Imba, challenged the
prosecution’s contention that his client had the same intention as Micheal
Garing, namely, in carrying out the violent attacks. Mr Lean’s contention had
been addressed by Hairee Landak’s testimony as witness for the prosecution.
Hairee Landak’s evidence corroborated the prosecution’s case that the four
attacks, including the fatal one on Shanmuganathan, had a general pattern.
Hairee Landak was separately dealt with for his role in the attacks.

5 As gleaned from Hairee Landak’s testimony, in the case of Shanmuganathan,
Tony Imba kicked him off his bicycle and then restrained him from running
away. Micheal Garing then came up and cut him with the parang. The injuries
suffered by Shanmuganathan were extensive and Dr Paul Chui testified that of
the twenty wounds, four were in themselves sufficient in the ordinary course
of nature to cause death. Tony Imba and Micheal Garing then took
Shanmuganathan’s wallet. The gang then returned to their quarters in Syed Alwi
Road where they split the loot, taking $70.00 each. Hairee Landak testified
that Micheal Garing wore the pair of white shoes (seized and marked P519 and
P520) during the attacks on the four victims. Micheal Garing’s DNA was found
on Shanmuganathan’s waist pouch where his wallet was kept, and also on the
parang. Traces of Ang’s blood were found on the clothes and belt worn by Tony
Imba. Micheal Garing and Tony Imba were charged under s 300(c) punishable
under s 302, read with s 34, of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). No
submissions were made on their behalf at the close of the prosecution’s case.
They elected to testify in their own defence.

6 Micheal Garing and Tony Imba blamed each other for the fatal wounds caused
to Shanmuganathan. Tony Imba testified that Micheal Garing was the only one
who wielded the parang while he was only there with the intention to rob and
not to cause physical harm to the victim. Micheal Garing admitted that he had
swung the parang at Shanmuganathan but only over his head to scare him. He did
not inflict the wounds on Shanmuganathan. He testified that after they had
taken Shanmuganathan’s wallet and were walking back to their quarters, Tony
Imba snatched Micheal Garing’s parang and went back to slash Shanmuganathan.
At that time, the group was near an electrical box, roughly five to ten metres
from where they left Shanmuganathan. This piece of evidence is not entirely
reliable because Micheal Garing had given different accounts as to when and
where Tony Imba took the parang from him. He was also not consistent as to
what Tony Imba did with it. Although I accept that one might forget details of
his experiences or get the chronology mixed up (for example, whether he saw a
knife being used or a club, or whether a club was used before the knife), I am
of the opinion that the discrepancies in Micheal Garing’s evidence in this
respect are not helpful to his defence for the reasons that I shall elaborate.

7 Tony Imba’s defence was that he did not share the common intention with
Micheal Garing of assaulting Shanmuganathan with the parang. His evidence was
that he merely joined in to help the gang commit robbery. He also said that,
in respect of the attack on Sandeep, he tried to stop Micheal Garing from
using the parang. He also denied that he was the one who took the parang from
Micheal Garing and used it to slash Shanmuganathan. In this regard, Tony
Imba’s evidence was consistent with Hairee Landak’s, namely, that it was
Micheal Garing who used the parang on Shanmuganathan.

8 The incontrovertible evidence of this case was that the gang of four planned
a series of robberies on the evening of 29 May 2010. They carried out that
plan and, within the next seven to eight hours, assaulted and robbed four
victims in circumstances described in the preceding paragraphs. It was not
disputed that a parang was used and that that was the weapon that caused
serious injuries to all four victims, and death to Shanmuganathan. The attacks
took place as if the gang were on a safari, hunting down one prey at a time,
using the same method to trap and harm their victims. Shanmuganathan was the
last of the four victims. The gang then retreated to their quarters to count
and distribute the loot for the day. In these circumstances, it did not matter
who wielded the parang on Shanmuganathan, although on the evidence presented
by the prosecution and also the defence, I am satisfied that it was Micheal
Garing who struck Shanmuganathan with the parang. His claim that it was Tony
Imba who used the parang was not supported by any evidence. On the contrary,
all the evidence, including Hairee Landak’s testimony, showed that Micheal
Garing was the one who used the parang. Hairee Landak was unclear in some
aspects of his evidence but he testified that Tony Imba was restraining
Shanmuganathan when Micheal Garing slashed Shanmuganathan.

9 I accept that there were no specific instructions or plans as to how the
robberies were to be carried out, or what role each was to perform, although
the evidence indicated that the four robberies had a general pattern. A victim
would be identified, Tony Imba would begin the attack, and once he began, the
others followed, including Micheal Garing with his parang. The disabled victim
would then be robbed. In all three previous assaults, the victims were
violently slashed by Micheal Garing’s parang. Tony Imba could not have been
oblivious to that. Hence, by the time they picked on Shanmuganathan, Tony Imba
must have known that the victim was going to be similarly slashed. I am of the
view that he cannot be heard to say that he did not intend to join in the
attack with the parang and that he only agreed to rob. Having seen three
victims lying in their own blood, it lies ill in his mouth to say at trial
that he did not know that Shanmuganathan would be slashed. I am satisfied that
the prosecution has proved its case beyond reasonable doubt that Tony Imba
acted in common intention with Micheal Garing not only to rob but also to
cause injuries to Shanmuganathan with the parang. Those injuries were
inflicted by Micheal Garing in circumstances that Tony Imba could not have
been oblivious to either the act or intention of Micheal Garing himself.

10 Micheal Garing claimed that he struck Shanmuganathan twice but that these
were not the fatal blows. Mr Ramesh, his counsel, thus submitted that he could
not be held responsible for the injuries inflicted by the other members
subsequently. I do not accept this submission because Micheal Garing’s
evidence, which was consistent with his statements, was contradicted by Tony
Imba and Hairee Landak. On the question of the person wielding the parang, I
am satisfied that the prosecution has proven beyond reasonable doubt that it
was Micheal Garing who was the one who used the parang on Shanmuganathan as
well as the other victims. In any event, no matter who used the parang, every
member of the gang would have known that the parang was going to be used by
the time they set upon Shanmuganathan. By virtue of s 34 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), each and every one of them would be as culpable as the
one who used the parang: see _Daniel Vijay s/o Katherasan and others v Public
Prosecutor_ [2010] 4 SLR 1119 at [168(d)]. The forensic evidence was
explicitly clear that the injuries caused by the gang were sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death. Accordingly, I find both accused
guilty as charged and convict them accordingly.

11 I will sentence the accused on a date to be fixed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

