Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Lee Han Fong Lyon  
[2014] SGHC 89

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 272 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lin Yinbing and Krystle Chiang (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; Alfred Dodwell and Maiyaz Al Islam (Dodwell & Co
LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Lee Han Fong Lyon  
  
30 April 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was the prosecution’s appeal against sentence. On 6 June 2012, the
respondent pleaded guilty to, and was convicted of:

a. one charge, for an offence of impersonating a police officer, under s 170
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed);

b. one charge, for an offence of consuming methamphetamine, under s
8(_b_)(ii), punishable under s 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008
Rev Ed); and

c. one charge, for an offence of driving without a valid licence, under s
35(1), punishable under s 131(2) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev
Ed).

2 The respondent also consented to having three other charges under s 170 of
the Penal Code and one charge under s 96(1) of the Road Traffic Act, of taking
a motor vehicle without the owner’s consent, taken into consideration for the
purpose of sentencing. All the offences took place in November and December
2010. The respondent was 24 years old at that time. He had committed three
prior offences, and was convicted for these on 14 March 2007. These offences
were for:

a. driving in breach of a condition of a provisional driving license, under s
36(5) of the Road Traffic Act;

b. using indecent, threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour
towards a public servant, under s 13D(1)(_a_) of the Miscellaneous Offences
(Public Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev Ed); and

c. using a motor vehicle without insuring against third party risk, punishable
under s 3(2) of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act
(Cap 189, 2000 Rev Ed).

For the three offences, he faced a total fine of $2,500 and 12 months’
disqualification from driving all classes of motor vehicles.

3 After the respondent pleaded guilty on 6 June 2012, in submissions as to
sentence, both parties disagreed as to the extent of the involvement of the
respondent’s Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (“ADHD”) in his
criminality. The district judge called for a probation report, and adjourned
the matter to 11 July 2012. At the hearing on 11 July 2012, counsel for the
respondent sought a further adjournment to obtain forensic evaluation reports
from Dr Saluja Bharat, a consultant for the General and Forensic Psychiatry
department at the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”). The adjournment was
granted. At the next hearing on 5 December 2012, a further adjournment was
granted for a further report, as well as for parties to address the court on
the significant delay in the case. Parties appeared before the judge on 30 May
2013. The judge mentioned that further clarifications were needed from Dr
Saluja. The matter was adjourned to 15 July 2013. On 15 July 2013, the
probation officer was examined in court. On 24 September 2013, a Newton
hearing was held in regard to Dr Saluja’s reports, as the prosecution was
dissatisfied with them and the clarifications sought by the judge on 30 May
2013 were not forthcoming. During the Newton hearing, Dr Saluja was examined
in court.

4 Having had the benefit of the Newton hearing, the probation report, the
various reports from Dr Saluja and other psychiatrists, and examination of Dr
Saluja and the probation officer, the district judge came to his decision of
an order of probation on 24 October 2013. The district judge ordered the
respondent to undergo a total of 24 months’ supervised probation, and to:

a. attend regular treatment for his ADHD;

b. adhere to the medication regime as prescribed by his psychiatrist;

c. undergo random urine tests.

The district judge also ordered that the respondent’s parents were to place a
bond of $5,000 to ensure the respondent’s good behaviour during the period of
probation. The prosecution appealed to this court, arguing that a custodial
term and a disqualification order should be meted. Both parties accepted that
probation was indeed a viable sentencing option, pursuant to s 5(1) of the
Probation of Offenders Act (Cap 252, 1985 Rev Ed), as none of the sentences
prescribed for any of the offences in question were fixed by law. It is the
prosecution’s case, however, that probation should not have been ordered.

5 The main issue before me was the same as that before the district judge –
the extent of the respondent’s ADHD in his criminality, namely, in his
impersonating a police officer, consuming methamphetamine, and driving without
a valid licence. The crux of the prosecution’s case was that the respondent’s
ADHD did not cause him to commit these crimes. Expanding on this, the
prosecution further argued that the district judge erred in law and fact by
placing excessive reliance on the respondent’s ADHD.

6 The common ground between parties was that the respondent has been, and is,
suffering from ADHD. I have also set out the procedural history of this case
before the district judge to note that he had addressed his mind to the
respondent’s condition, and in his meting the appropriate sentence. I accept
the prosecution’s argument – which was not denied either by the respondent –
that the respondent’s ADHD did not single-handedly cause the respondent to
commit the offences, but I do not think that the district judge was wrong to
find that the ADHD played a role in the psyche of the respondent, and was a
factor in his criminality. The district judge stated in his grounds of
decision (_PP v Lee Han Fong Lyon_ [2013] SGDC 437 at [33]) that:

although the [respondent] was aware of the wrongfulness of the various acts he
had committed [the respondent] could not realise the [seriousness] of his
actions as he could not think much about the [consequences] of his wrongful
acts.

He thus found that the ADHD was indeed a contributory factor. He came to this
finding after having perused the reports of the probation officer and Dr
Saluja. I should point out that Dr Saluja, as noted by the district judge, was
thoroughly experienced in criminal cases, handled 300 – 400 drug cases a year,
and runs a specialised clinic for ADHD patients at the IMH.

7 I also do not think that the district judge placed excessive reliance on the
respondent’s ADHD in coming to his decision. The district judge distilled from
a series of high court cases the notion that less emphasis could be placed on
the principle of deterrence when the offender was facing a serious mental or
psychiatric disorder at the time of commission of the offence. The prosecution
did not seem to take offence with this observation, save as to fault the
district judge’s subsequent argument that this case was one in which
rehabilitation should be prioritised ahead of deterrence. While I appreciate
the concern of the prosecution, that the effect of general deterrence may be
impinged by straying from the usual sentencing range, I think that this
concern arises from the assumption that this case is substantially similar, if
not identical, to the other cases cited. But that assumption is faulty. This
is a unique case of a young offender with no drug-related antecedents and a
supportive background. Considering these other factors (the respondent’s age,
his antecedents, and familial support), while seemingly detracting from the
doctrinal debate as to which sentencing principle should take precedence,
serves, in fact, to “give meaning in its full context to the often cited
labels of… rehabilitation, deterrence and incapacitation” (see _PP v Goh Lee
Yin_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 824 at [57]). In his grounds of decision, the district
judge noted the various sentencing principles (at [22] – [25]), subsequently
addressed his mind to the unique facts of the case (at [31] – [36]), and
formed the view that rehabilitation should take precedence (at [45]). I cannot
fault his analysis.

8 The prosecution has argued that the district judge had placed “undue weight”
on these “various other factors”, which include the respondent’s having not
reoffended after his conviction in June 2012, the respondent’s level of
remorse, and the familial support. I think that this is not the case. Having
read the district judge’s grounds of decision, I think that he had addressed
his mind to each of these factors in a measured manner. Most notably, on the
last point of familial support, the learned prosecutor emphasised during oral
submissions her concern that the district judge had “inadvertently conveyed
the impression that [financial contributions, which come from the family in
furnishing psychiatric reports] can mitigate an offender’s culpability or
ensure a reduced sentence”. It is important to appreciate the context in which
the district judge’s statement was made. For completeness, I set out the
relevant paragraph from his grounds of decision below:

44\. I am satisfied that the accused has amply learnt his lesson from these
proceedings. The length of these proceedings must have inflicted further pain
and anguish both to him and to his family. At the same time, his staying crime
free and further receiving the strong support of his parents, must have had a
calming and positive effect on him and raised his hopes for the future. Here,
I note in particular, that his parents had struggled to raise the substantial
funds necessary to pay for the earlier psychiatric reports from Raffles
Hospital and also the final IMH medical reports. In view of that sacrifice
they made, the court – and Parties – were provided with further relevant and
crucial medical evidence. Therefore, this Court does not wish to see such
positive hopes dashed away or a more deterrent sentence imposed than is
necessary on the facts of this case. Nor does the court wish to impose a
sentence that has a crushing effect on the accused as he is still relatively
young.

9 I think the crucial phrase in the paragraph was “more deterrent sentence
imposed than is necessary”. I do not think the interpretation postulated by
the prosecution was a fair one to arrive at based on an objective reading of
the paragraph even in isolation, let alone in the context of the entire
grounds of decision. The district judge merely noted the contributions of the
family, and went on to emphasise that a “more deterrent sentence… than is
necessary” should not be imposed.

10 The district judge had adopted a measured and thoughtful approach
throughout this case – as was most clearly evidenced by the numerous
clarifications he sought on the reports. Further, if any reassurance was
needed that the district judge was not overly optimistic, it can be found in
his grounds of decision (at [37]), where he acknowledged that “[w]here a
probation order is granted, there can always be a review of the accused’s
progress.” This further demonstrated, in my view, the district judge’s
cognisance of the sentence of probation, the safeguards that were in place
should things go awry, and why, on the whole, it was indeed an appropriate
sentence.

11 For the reasons above, the appeal is dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

