Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Bogart Malls Pte Ltd _v_ Enets Pte Ltd and another suit  
[2014] SGHCR 7

Case Number| :| Suit No 493 of 2012 and Suit No 495 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 March 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Yeong Zee Kin SAR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Daniel Koh with Jasmine Chan (Eldan Law LLP) for the
plaintiff; Christopher James De Souza with Kevin Ong and Lionel Leo Zhen Wei
(WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Bogart Malls Pte Ltd — Enets Pte Ltd  
  
28 March 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Yeong Zee Kin SAR:

1 These are the Plaintiffs’ applications for judgment based on admissions made
by the Defendant in two documents: an internal audit report and a letter from
the Defendant addressed to American Express International Inc (Amex).

Summary of facts

2 The Plaintiffs provide software consultancy and online payment solutions to
merchants through their website <www.mensboxshop.co.uk> and entered into Bank
Connect Services (BCS) agreements with the Defendant under which the Defendant
is to provide payment gateway services. There was an outage in the Defendant’s
systems sometime between 4 and 28 December 2009. Resulting from this outage,
which the Defendant describes as a non-deliberate outage, the Plaintiffs
suffered losses to the following extent:

(a) For Bogart Malls Pte Ltd (“Bogart”), of the total transactions amounting
to USD 524,320.97 that originated from its website and that passed through the
Defendant’s system, only transactions amounting to USD 366,485.77 were
consolidated and transmitted to Amex. Consequently, payments for transactions
totalling USD 524,320.97 were made to Amex but Amex only paid USD 366,485.77
to Bogart. Bogart is now suing Defendant for the shortfall of USD 188,674.54.

(b) For eTrust Processing Pte Ltd (“eTrust”), of the total transactions
amounting to USD 2,116,549.18 that originated from its website and that passed
through the Defendant’s system, only transactions amounting to USD
1,402,642.23 were consolidated and transmitted to Amex. Consequently, payments
for transactions totalling USD 2,116,549.18 were made to Amex but Amex only
paid USD 1,402,642.23 to eTrust. eTrust is now suing Defendant for the
shortfall of USD 935,859.08.

3 The cause of the outage has since been identified and rectified by the
Defendant. Thereafter, the Defendant conducted an internal audit. A copy of
the “Audit Report – Investigation Report on eNets Merchant Settlement
Disputes” was disclosed during discovery. In the audit report, the audit team
concluded that the outage was due to a design error in the Defendant’s
systems. The Defendant’s system design failed to take into consideration time
zone differences between the Plaintiffs’ and Defendant’s servers. The
Defendant’s system assumed that the Plaintiffs’ servers were in the same time
zone. As a result of this, when settlement reports were compiled by the
Defendant’s system for transmission to Amex, certain transactional records
were erroneously omitted. The audit report states that:

The omission of records in the settlement files is a result of design error in
our system. Our system was designed for all Bank Connect merchants of AMEX to
conduct transactions in a Time-Zone that is the same at NETS Gateway Time-
Zone.

As our contract with Amex stated that we have to ensure that all approved
transactions are given to Amex, NETS cannot be absolved from such
responsibilities as a processor.

4 There were similar admissions by the Defendant in a letter dated 13 January
2011 addressed to Amex:

Having done so, we wish to inform you that we have recently identified a non-
deliberate outage in the AMEX settlement program which resulted in an
unintended discrepancy. As a result of this outage, transactions amounting to
US$935,850.08 were un-captured in the settlement files that were forwarded to
you for the [period of 4 to 28 December 2009.]

5 The Plaintiffs base their applications for judgment on the above admissions.
The Plaintiffs’ case is that the Defendant’s obligations under the BCS
agreement includes an obligation for the Defendant to aggregate transactions
into settlement records and to submit these as a consolidated settlement
report to Amex on behalf of the Plaintiffs; and the provision of the same or
similar settlement reports to the Plaintiffs to enable them to verify the
payments that they receive from Amex. Accordingly, the Defendant had breached
the BCS agreement when it omitted certain transactional records from the
settlement reports that it had submitted to Amex during the outage. The
Defendant disputes that it was under any obligation to compile or submit
settlement reports to Amex, either on behalf of the Plaintiffs or under the
agreement that it had with Amex.

Undisputed facts

6 For the purposes of opposing the Plaintiffs’ application for judgment on
admission, the Defendant did not dispute the occurrence of the outage, nor the
fact that loss was suffered by the Plaintiffs. Neither does the Defendant
dispute the cause of the outage or that the Plaintiffs’ losses were due to a
design error in its payment gateway system.

7 It is also not disputed that the Defendant does in fact compile a set of
settlement reports that it submits to Amex. Nor the facts that the Plaintiffs
had never submitted settlement reports to Amex; or that they have received
payment. Additionally, parties do not dispute that the Plaintiffs have access
to an online administration portal (“admin portal”) after they have signed up
for BCS through which the Plaintiffs can access settlement reports.

Summary of issues

8 In brief, the precise scope of the BCS agreement is in contention. The BCS
agreement is in the nature of an agreement for the provision of payment
gateway services by the Defendant: ie transmitting the Plaintiffs’ online
transactions to Amex for authorisation and, upon authorisation or rejection,
the details of such authorisation or rejection back to the Plaintiffs. The
Defendant describes this as a payment broadcast service.

9 The Plaintiffs’ position (as it emerged during submissions) is that the
scope of the BCS agreement, in addition to the aforementioned payment
broadcast service, includes additional services in the compilation of
settlement reports and the submission of the same to Amex, on behalf of the
Plaintiffs. The Defendant’s position is that their obligations under the BCS
agreement did not extend to the provision of settlement reports.

10 Although settlement reports were accessible by the Plaintiffs, the purpose
of providing these settlement reports is in dispute. The Defendant submitted
that it was the Plaintiffs’ obligation to access the settlement reports in the
admin portal and thereafter, it was the Plaintiffs who had to download and
submit the settlement reports to Amex.

11 The Plaintiffs’ submissions were that the admin portal was a service that
was offered by the Defendant to enable the Plaintiffs to verify that payments
received from Amex are accurate. The Plaintiffs’ representative deposed to the
fact that this is precisely what he did once – and once only – in December
2009. He logged in to verify the payment received from Amex for that month
against the settlement report accessible through the admin portal.

Plaintiff’s case

12 The Plaintiff’s case for judgment on admission is based on admissions by
the Defendant of the cause of the outage being a design fault on their part,
leading to a breach by the Defendant of their obligation to submit settlement
reports to Amex by the omission of certain transactional records during the
outage period.

13 Although it is not disputed that the Defendant does in fact submit a
settlement report to Amex, the legal character of this act is in dispute. The
Plaintiffs’ case is that the Defendant submitted settlement reports to Amex on
behalf of the Plaintiffs in performance of its legal obligations under the BCS
agreement, in order that the Plaintiffs can fulfil their obligations to Amex
under the Amex Service Establishment (or “Merchant”) agreements that the
Plaintiffs have entered into with Amex. In other words, certain of the
Plaintiffs’ obligations under the Merchant agreement had been out-sourced to
the Defendant via the BCS agreement.

Defendant’s case

14 According to the Defendant, the BCS agreement is no more than a contract
for the provision of payment gateway services _only_ , and the compilation and
submission of settlement reports were done purely as a gesture of goodwill and
not out of any contractual obligations. The Defendant points to clause 3.1 of
the Amex-NETS (eNETS Credit) agreement (“Amex-Nets agreement”) that it has
entered into with Amex in order to support its argument that apart from
transmitting transactional information, there is no contractual obligation for
it to provide settlement reports to Amex:

3.1 NETS will provide Amex with the information required to settle
Transactions processed through NETS (as per clause 2.2). Once Amex has
received that information via any intermediary carrier or financial switching
entity, _NETS’s responsibility ceases_. NETS is not responsible for the
operation of the financial settlement system. [Emphasis mine.]

15 The Defendant also relies on clause 1.1 of the BCS agreement to similarly
support the argument that no obligation arises thereunder to provide
settlement reports to Amex on behalf of the Plaintiff:

1.1 use its best endeavors to facilitate the payment transactions and
functions required to enable the Applicant to provide the Service to
consumers;

16 The Defendant’s submission was that since it was not legally bound to
provide the settlement reports, they were therefore provided gratuitously.

17 To the contrary, the Defendant also submitted that clause 14(2) of the
Merchant agreement places a contractual obligation on the Plaintiffs to
provide a weekly total of all charges:

14(2) A Summary of Charge (“SOC”) shall be sent to us at least once each week
showing the total of all Charges for that week, together with our copies of
all completed [Record of Charges]. A SOC shall not be require where no Charges
are incurred for that week.

18 The Defendant further submits that the scope of BCS should be contrasted
with the Master Merchant services that it also offers. The Master Merchant
arrangements entail a larger scope of services: first, the Master Merchant
agreement is longer (36 pages versus 4 pages for the BCS agreement) and
second, the commission that the Defendant imposes is higher (3.5% per
transaction versus 0.5% under the BCS agreement).

Contractual framework for the provision of payment gateway services

19 The proper approach, to my mind, is to ascertain the express terms of the
BCS agreement, in order to determine the precise scope of services contracted
thereunder. First, we need to understand the place of the BCS agreement in the
set of agreements between Amex, its merchants and payment gateway services
providers. This set of inter-related agreements is best understood in the
following manner: In order for the Plaintiffs’ online portals to accept
electronic payments made using Amex credit cards, they need to sign up with
Amex, ie the Merchant agreements. This gave them the right to access the Amex
electronic payment and settlement network (Amex network). In order for the
Plaintiffs to acquire the technical means to access the Amex network, they
needed to contract the services of a payment gateway services provider, eg the
BCS agreement. The Defendant is able to provide payment gateway services for
connection to the Amex network by virtue of the Amex-Nets agreement that it
had signed with Amex.

20 The precise scope of the BCS agreement is in issue in the present case.
There is no doubt that it is a payment gateway services agreement. However,
does this entail that the Defendant merely transmits requests for
authorisation to Amex and thereafter relays the authorisation or rejection
back to the Plaintiffs? Or is the BCS agreement a contract for a suite of
payment gateway services that the Defendant performs on behalf of the
Plaintiffs in order for the Plaintiffs to fulfil some of their obligations
under the Merchant agreements, including the Plaintiffs’ obligations to
provide weekly settlement reports to Amex under clause 14(2) of the Merchant
agreement.

21 I think that the proper analysis should commence with the Merchant
agreement. The Merchant agreement allows the Plaintiffs to accept payments
through the Amex network. The Plaintiffs have certain obligations under the
Merchant agreement, including compliance with the requirement for obtaining
authorisation electronically and the compilation and submission of weekly
settlement reports to Amex; and if orders are accepted over the Internet,
additional technical requirements have to be complied with.

22 The Merchant agreement contemplates the involvement of third party service
providers who can provide payment gateway services and caters for the
possibility for the use of such services by the Plaintiffs. The pertinent
clause under the Merchant agreement states:

**15 Processing Agent**

If you enter into an agreement with a third party to submit Charge and Credits
(explained in Sections 18 and 19 below) and obtain Authorisation on your
behalf, you shall obtain our prior written approval, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld. …

23 There is a complementary provision in the Amex-Nets agreement that allows
the Defendant to provide payment gateway services as processing agent to
merchants:

3.4 NETS may only capture/manage Transactions on behalf of Merchants who have
a valid Merchant agreement with Amex. …

24 At first blush, the extent of business process outsourcing permitted under
the Merchant agreement appears to be limited to the engagement of payment
gateway service providers to submit transactional details and relay details of
Amex’s authorisation or rejection of the transaction. There is no mention in
these clauses of other business processes, in particular the provision of
weekly settlement reports. The Amex-Nets agreement is consistent with this.

25 This appears to be carried through in the BCS agreement. The BCS agreement
that was tendered appeared to be a standard set of terms and conditions but
they were sparse on details of the scope of services that were to be provided
thereunder. The only term that the Defendant could point to as the operative
clause setting out the extent of services to be provided under the BCS
agreement is clause 1.1, which merely states that the Defendant shall “use its
best endeavours to facilitate the payment transactions _and functions
required_ to enable the Applicant to provide the Service to consumers.”
[Emphasis mine.]

26 “Service” is defined as the eNets Debit and/or Credit Payment Service: but
there is no further description in the BCS agreement. The Defendant points to
the eNets Credit Payment Service description on its website to submit that the
scope of service is:

… enabling merchants to accept major international (VISA, MasterCard, [Amex])
credit card payments online. [The Defendant] provides merchants with _a range
of front-end options_ including merchant’s own payment page, virtual terminal
and customisable order and payment page for merchants that do not have a
shopping cart. [Emphasis mine.]

27 Had clause 1.1 of the BCS agreement been limited to the facilitation of
payment transactions, the Defendant’s case that it provided no more than a
payment broadcast service would have been stronger. However, the BCS agreement
also refers to other “functions” that the Defendant provides and a “Merchant
Starter Kit” that provides the software tools and information required for
integration with the Defendant’s payment gateway; and the description of the
eNets Credit Payment Service contemplates a “a range of front-end” of services
that suggests that the eNets Credit Payment Services could possibly have been
marketed as a complete end-to-end solution that merchants (like the
Plaintiffs) can contract for.

28 Unfortunately, even taking the BSC agreement together with the description
of the eNets Credit Payment Services available on the Defendant’s website, the
precise scope of services under the BCS agreement is not clear. Pertinently,
it is not clearly stated whether, by reason of the BCS agreement or the eNets
Credit Payment Services website, the Defendant had contractually undertaken
the responsibility of compiling settlement reports on behalf of the Plaintiffs
for submission to Amex.

29 Thus, an analysis of the express terms of the interconnected agreements,
together with the description of services that is available from the
Defendant’s website, does not lead to an unequivocal conclusion in favour of
either the Plaintiffs or the Defendant. The express terms suggest that the BCS
agreement can be something more than a contract purely for payment gateway
services. This opens the door, at least more than a crack, for the Plaintiffs
to argue that the scope of services that they had contracted under the BCS
agreement extended beyond what the Defendant had described as a payment
broadcast service. In order for the Plaintiffs’ to succeed, it will have to
argue that a term be implied into the BCS agreement that the Defendant is
obligated to compile and submit settlement reports on their behalf to Amex, in
order to give effect to the suite of end-to-end payment gateway services that
the Plaintiffs have contracted thereunder.

Whether case for judgment of admission of facts made out

30 The burden ultimately lies on the Plaintiffs to show that the court should
exercise its discretion by granting an order for judgment based on the
admissions that have been identified. I am not satisfied that the Plaintiffs
have discharged the burden and now provide my reasons for dismissing their
applications.

Can an admission contained in a document directed at a third party be relied
on for judgment on admission?

31 There was a preliminary point that parties were asked to address during
submissions: whether the admissions, upon which an application for judgment on
admission are premised, must flow from the Defendant to the Plaintiffs. The
documents relied on in the present applications, although authored by the
Defendant, were not directed at the Plaintiffs. The audit report was an
internal document; and the letter was intended for Amex and it was made within
the context of the Amex-Nets agreement. I had expressed reservations as to
whether these admissions could be relied on for an application for judgment on
admissions of fact.

32 After surveying the cases that were cited before me, the authorities seem
to suggest that admissions on which an application for judgment on admission
is premised may be restricted to documents passing between the parties:

(a) In _Vithal Kumar a/l Jayaraman v Azman bin Md Nor_ [2010] 2 MLJ 67, the
admission relied upon was contained in an agreement between the plaintiff and
the defendant wherein the defendant had acknowledged taking earlier loans from
the plaintiff.

(b) In other cases, the admissions were contained in letters from the
defendant addressed to the plaintiff: _Shunmugam Jayakumar v Jeyaretnam Joshua
Benjamin_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 658; _Rankin v Garton Sons & Co Ltd_ [1979] 2 All ER
1185; _Hasrat Usaha Sdn Bhd v Pati Sdn Bhd_ [2011] 3 MLJ 343; _Ellis v Allen_
[1914] 1 Ch 904; _Blundell v Rimmer_ [1971] 1 WLR 123.

(c) And of course, the admissions can be contained in the pleadings: _Ow Chor
Seng, Coutts Bank (Schweiz) AG_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 380; _Ong Gim Huat v Toh Suan
Lin Amy_ [1992] 2 MLJ 610; _Core Development Ptd Ltd v Ideal Accomodation
(Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 167.

In none of the cases cited by parties had the plaintiff relied on a document
that the defendant had produced either for its own use or addressed to a third
party.

33 Under section 31 of the Evidence Act, “admissions are not conclusive proof
of the matters admitted, but they may operate as estoppels”. Had either the
audit report or the letter been relied on as admissions in proceedings between
Amex and the Defendant, the admissions cannot be conclusive proof of those
same facts in the present proceedings.

34 It had also been observed that oral evidence adduced by a party in one set
of proceedings cannot be tendered as admissions by that same party in a
subsequent set of proceedings: _British Thomson-Houston Co Ltd v British
Insulated and Helsby Cables Ltd_ [1924] 2 Ch 160. Thus, if the contents of
either the internal audit report or the letter been given in oral testimony by
the Defendant in proceedings between Amex and the Defendant, the oral
testimony cannot be used as admissions in these proceedings. Would it
therefore make a difference if the documents had been tendered instead?

35 While no objections were raised against reliance on the internal audit
report or the letter on the basis that they were not directed at the
Plaintiffs, I nevertheless had my reservations. To my mind, it all comes down
to reliability of the statements of admissions contained in these documents
and an examination of the context in which they were made, in order to assess
their relevance and weight in the present proceedings. Ultimately, an order
for judgment on admission is discretionary: _Shunmugam Jayakumar v Jeyaretnam
Joshua Benjamin_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 658, at [35]. Had I been given any reason to
doubt the reliability of either the audit report or letter, it would have been
open to me to exercise my discretion not to make an order for judgment. In any
event, this point was not fully argued nor am I required to base my decision
on this point.

Trial necessary in order to ascertain facts on which a term is to be implied

36 The authors of the Singapore Court Practice state that the “admission may
be made before or after the commencement of proceedings (see _Tom Manas
Enterprise v Soh Ah Wah_ [1995] 2 AMR 1751, at 1755)”: paragraph 27/3/1. In
the present case, the admissions that the Plaintiffs rely on are in an
internal audit report and a letter from the Defendant to Amex, both of which
were authored in 2011 before the present writs were filed in 2012.

37 In _Blundell v Rimmer_ [1971] 1 WLR 123, it was held that an admission of
negligence without admission that the plaintiff had suffered damage was
insufficient to entitle the plaintiff to interlocutory judgment under this
Rule, as there was no admission of liability. Similarly, “the admission must
be a clear admission of all, and not simply evidence of some, of the facts
upon which the plaintiff would have to rely to establish his cause of action”:
_Carabao Exports v Online Management Consultants_ [1988] 3 MLJ 271. I think
that the principle applies to our case. The Defendant has admitted that there
was an outage resulting in the omission of certain transactional records from
the settlement report compiled by the Defendant and submitted to Amex. It is
also admitted that this outage was due to a design flaw in the Defendant’s
system.

38 However, there is no admission of liability as the Defendant disputes that
it owes any obligation under the BCS agreement to either compile the
settlement report for the Plaintiffs’ benefit or to submit the settlement
report to Amex on behalf of the Plaintiffs. Determination of the precise scope
of services that the Defendant has to provide under the BCS agreement is
crucial. So far, neither party has been able to produce a definitive
description of just what the BCS entails. The Defendant has been providing a
suite of services to the Plaintiffs (eg payment broadcasting and access to
settlement reports) but, if clause 1.1 of the BCS agreement is to be
definitive of the extent of the BCS, then some of these services are provided
gratuitously (eg preparation of settlement reports and submission to Amex).

39 For the Plaintiffs to succeed in their claims, they have either to find a
description of the scope of BCS that includes a service wherein the Defendant
provides settlement reports to Amex on the Plaintiffs’ behalf or they have to
argue that this term ought to be implied into the BCS agreement in order to
give business efficacy to the BCS agreement. The fact that the Plaintiffs had
never prepared or submitted any settlement report to Amex, and yet had
received payments from Amex, suggests that they had thought that this was a
service that the Defendant was providing under the BCS agreement. Their
conduct corroborates their case. Similarly, the fact that they had logged into
the admin portal once, in order to access settlement reports to verify
payments received from Amex, is also conduct that corroborates their case that
the settlement reports were provided by the Defendant for the purpose of
verifying payments received.

40 However, in order to argue that a term ought to be implied on the facts,
the Plaintiffs may have to re-examine their pleadings to ensure that they have
pleaded all the facts necessary to support their case. Furthermore, in order
for the Court to ascertain that such terms has to be implied in order to give
business efficacy to the BCS agreement, the intentions of the parties at the
time the BCS agreement was concluded have to be ascertained at trial. Evidence
of the representations that passed between the Defendant’s representatives who
dealt with the Plaintiffs’ representatives when the BCS were sold and when the
BCS agreement was signed will have to be given. Hence, the Plaintiffs cannot
avoid a trial if it is to find success in their case.

41 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the Plaintiffs’ applications for
judgment on admission and awarded costs in favour of the Defendant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Mar 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

