Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wellspring Investments Ltd _v_ Sam Samuel and another  
[2014] SGHC 43

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 396 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 March 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Joseph Lee and Kelvin Ong (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
plaintiff; Godwin G Campos (Godwin Campos LLC) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Wellspring Investments Ltd — Sam Samuel and another  
  
11 March 2014|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Wellspring Investments Ltd (“the Plaintiff”), is the owner of
shop unit #B1-08 (“B1-08”) in a row of units in a development at No 17 Dairy
Farm Road. The defendants, Samuel Sam and Chow Siow May (“the Defendants”),
are husband and wife. They are the owners of an adjoining shop unit #B1-09
(“B1-09”). The Plaintiff claimed that the Defendants’ B1-09 was encroaching on
its B1-08. The Plaintiff brought this action to claim various reliefs,
including a mandatory injunction for the Defendants to pull down a wall
separating the two units and to erect a new wall on an alleged proper boundary
between the two units.

2 I heard submissions on 28 October 2013. Thereafter, I granted the Plaintiff
the reliefs it had sought with damages to be assessed by a judge and costs. I
also granted a stay of one of my orders which required the Defendants to pull
down and reinstate the wall along the proper boundary pending an appeal to the
Court of Appeal. At the Defendants’ request, I heard further arguments. That
hearing was on 20 January 2014\. Thereafter, I affirmed my earlier decision.

The issues

3 The Defendants’ arguments raised the following issues:

(a) whether B1-09 was in fact encroaching on B1-08; and

(b) whether the terms of the Plaintiff’s purchase of B1-08 or of the
Defendants’ purchase of B1-09 were relevant.

Whether B1-09 was in fact encroaching on B1-08

4 The Plaintiff’s case was straightforward. It had purchased B1-08 from a
mortgagee bank (“Maybank”). According to an online search of the Singapore
Land Authority (“SLA”) database, the area of B1-08 was stated to be 41sqm.
However, the actual physical area on site was smaller.

5 The Plaintiff engaged a surveyor, Mr Tang Tuck Kin (“Mr Tang”), in 2005 to
conduct a survey of B1-08 and the adjacent units. According to the survey,
B1-09 was encroaching on B1-08. The area of B1-09 was stated in a similar
online search to be 41sqm, _ie_ , the same as that for B1-08. However, the
actual physical area of B1-09 was about 61sqm whereas the actual physical area
of B1-08 was about 21sqm. It appeared that B1-09 had encroached on B1-08 by
about 20sqm, _ie_ , by about half of B1-08’s 41sqm.

6 The Defendants initially denied that B1-09 had encroached on B1-08. They
suggested that the encroachment was by unit #B1-07 (“B1-07”) instead. However,
they did not engage a surveyor to pursue this allegation and indeed they
stopped pursuing this point.

7 The Defendants’ second argument was that there was in fact no encroachment
by B1-09. They alleged that the existing boundary wall between B1-09 and B1-08
is in the correct place because that boundary wall is correctly placed between
two sets of external windows. They implied that the intention of the developer
could not have been to place a boundary wall in the midst of a set of external
windows. If the boundary wall was moved as the Plaintiff wanted, it would
split up one set of external windows which the developer could not have
intended. Therefore, their position was that the survey plan for the row of
units in question had not been updated as should have been the case. The
alleged error was in the failure or omission by the developer to amend the
plan to be in line with the existing physical situation on site. Therefore,
the existing boundary wall between B1-09 and B1-08 is not in the wrong place.

8 There was also a survey plan that was prepared by Mr Tang in 1993, which
showed that the areas of B1-08 and B1-09 were both 41sqm. The Defendants
suggested that this survey plan was there only to apportion the share values
for each strata title. This argument did not make any sense. There was no
reason for the survey plan to give wrong information just to apportion the
share values for each strata title.

9 As for the second argument that the 1993 survey plan was incorrect, the
Defendants faced various hurdles.

10 First, there was no evidence from the developer to support the Defendants’
suggestion.

11 Secondly, the existing boundary wall between two other units, _ie_ , B1-07
and B1-08 was already placed in the midst of a set of external windows. If the
developer was using the set of external windows as the guide for which each
boundary wall was to be placed, then the boundary wall between B1-07 and B1-08
was placed at the wrong location. Yet there was no suggestion by anyone,
including the Defendants, that this was the case.

12 Thirdly, Mr Tang was the surveyor who had prepared the 1993 plan of the
development. He was also the surveyor engaged by the Plaintiff in 2005, after
the Plaintiff had purchased B1-08. Mr Tang did not say that there was an error
in the 1993 plan or that there was an omission to update the plan. On the
contrary, his survey in 2005 indicated that B1-09 had encroached on B1-08, as
stated above.

13 Fourthly, the area of each unit was stated in the database of the SLA. The
suggestion that the areas for B1-08 and B1-09 were wrongly stated was quite
astounding, as there was no real evidence to support the Defendants’
suggestion. The location of the external windows was unreliable and inadequate
evidence to support the Defendants’ suggestion, in the absence of any evidence
from the developer to that effect.

14 In passing, I mention one other point. It was unclear who was responsible
for the position of the existing boundary wall between B1-08 and B1-09. Was it
placed there by the developer, or one of the previous owners before Maybank
sold B1-09 to the Defendants? The Defendants had initially speculated that the
existing wall was put up by the mortgagor but switched their position later
and suggested that the existing wall was put up by the developer. In any
event, it was immaterial who was responsible for the position of the existing
boundary wall.

15 The Defendants’ third argument was that the boundary wall was already in
existence when they bought B1-09. However, that was immaterial to the
Plaintiff’s claim for encroachment.

16 The Defendants’ fourth argument was that the search on SLA’s database for
B1-08 revealed that there was no encumbrance. Therefore, the Plaintiff could
not claim that B1-09 was encroaching on B1-08. I was of the view that the
Defendants had got the argument backwards. It is for the person claiming a
valid interest to lodge or register the appropriate instrument on the land
register. The absence of notification of any encumbrance on the land register
is to the benefit of the Plaintiff and not the Defendants. If the Defendants
were right, then an owner may encroach on the property of his neighbour, and
when his misdeed is discovered, he is entitled to say that because no
encumbrance is recorded in the particulars of the neighbour’s property in the
relevant land register, his neighbour cannot complain about his encroachment.
That is not correct. The same point applies even if the encroachment was
committed by a previous owner and not the current owner.

Whether the terms of the Plaintiff’s purchase of B1-08 or of the Defendants’
purchase of B1-09 were relevant

17 I come now to the second issue. In relation to this issue, the Defendants
had two arguments. The Defendants’ first argument was that they too had bought
their unit from Maybank. They inferred that Maybank’s terms of sale of B1-08
to the Plaintiff would be the same as Maybank’s terms of sale of B1-09 to them
(the Defendants), even though the sale of B1-09 to the Defendants was in 2001
and the sale of B1-08 to the Plaintiff was in late 2004 or early 2005.

18 The Defendants argued that it was likely that the Plaintiff would have
bought B1-08 on an “as is where is” basis just as they did when they bought
B1-09. They also referred to several terms of their purchase which would
preclude a purchaser from raising with Maybank any objection to the area of
the unit purchased from Maybank. However, the obstacle facing the Defendants
was that there was no privity of contract between the Plaintiff and the
Defendants. Even if the terms of sale of B1-08 precluded the Plaintiff from
complaining to Maybank about the area of B1-08, the Defendants were not
entitled to the benefit of those terms. To overcome this hurdle, the
Defendants relied on s 46(2)(_b_) of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev
Ed) (“the LTA”) which states:

(2) Nothing in this section shall be held to prejudice the rights and remedies
of any person—

…

(_b_) to enforce against a proprietor any contract to which that proprietor
was a party;

…

19 I was of the view that the Defendants had misinterpreted s 46(2)(_b_) of
the LTA. It merely preserves the right of a person to enforce against a
proprietor a contract to which that proprietor was a party. It does not create
a new right if none existed. The person seeking to enforce the contract must
first establish his right to do so. The Defendants were not able to establish
that right since they were not a party to the contract of sale between Maybank
and the Plaintiff.

20 The Defendants’ second argument was that the Plaintiff was getting a
windfall. They suggested that the Plaintiff must have inspected B1-08 and have
known that the area of that unit was less than 41sqm. This was “supported” by
the fact that the Plaintiff had paid only $90,000 for B1-08. On the other
hand, the Defendants had paid $240,000 for B1-09. By referring to the price
they had paid, the Defendants were suggesting that they had paid a much higher
price than the Plaintiff because they were supposed to get a much larger unit
than the Plaintiff; whereas, if the Plaintiff were entitled to the reliefs
sought, the area of the two units would be about the same. The Defendants
attempted to show that the Plaintiff had paid an unusually low price for a
41sqm unit and that they (the Defendants) had paid an unusually high price for
a 41sqm unit by referring to prices reflected in online property searches done
for the periods 2002 to 2003 and 2004 to 2005 respectively.

21 As regards such evidence, the Plaintiff pointed out that, firstly, the
online property searches were general and were not even confined to the Dairy
Farm area. They covered District 23 which included Hillview, Bukit Panjang and
Choa Chu Kang. Secondly, the Defendants had bought B1-09 in or about April
2001. Yet they were using figures for the period 2002 to 2003. This suggested
that the 2001 figures would not support their contention that they had paid an
unusually high price for a 41sqm unit. I agreed with these two submissions
made by the Plaintiff.

22 The Defendants did not adduce any other evidence to support their
allegation that the price they had paid was for a 61sqm unit. At the first
hearing of the Plaintiff’s application on 30 July 2013, the Defendants’
counsel, Mr Godwin Campos (“Mr Campos”), had already raised the allegation
that the price that the Defendants had paid was much more than what the price
for a 41sqm unit would have been. When I asked him whether he had verified
this allegation with the solicitors who had acted for the Defendants in their
purchase of B1-09, he said he had not. I granted an adjournment to give the
Defendants time to file an affidavit in response to the first affidavit filed
for the Plaintiff.

23 The affidavit in response was the first affidavit of the first Defendant
filed on 7 August 2013. There was no letter or supporting affidavit from the
solicitors acting for the Defendants in their purchase of B1-09. There was
therefore no evidence from the solicitors acting for them in their purchase to
support their contention that they had paid for a unit larger than 41sqm. This
omission, coupled with their tactic of referring to prices for the period 2002
to 2003 of properties in District 23, instead of 2001 prices for properties in
Dairy Farm estate only, led me to conclude that their allegation that they had
paid for a larger unit was untrue and that it was they who were seeking to
reap an undeserved windfall.

24 More importantly, it seemed to me that the issue was not whether the
Plaintiff would be obtaining a windfall or whether the Defendants would have
suffered a loss if the court were to grant the reliefs which the Plaintiff
sought. The real question was whether the Defendants had acquired title to a
unit of about 61sqm when they paid $240,000. If the Plaintiff was obtaining a
windfall at the expense of Maybank, that was not the Defendants’ concern. Even
if the Defendants had contracted with Maybank to purchase B1-09 on the basis
that B1-09 has a floor area of 61sqm, that would not assist the Defendants
vis-à-vis the Plaintiff if B1-09 in fact has a floor area of 41sqm. The
Defendants’ recourse would be possibly against Maybank only. However, if they
were precluded by the terms of their purchase from making any claim against
Maybank, then they would have to bear the loss. Therefore, the terms of the
Plaintiff’s purchase of B1-08 and the Defendants’ purchase of B1-09 were
irrelevant.

25 In the circumstances, I did not accept the Defendants’ argument that the
action should have been commenced by way of a writ of summons, as opposed to
an originating summons. The Defendants were suggesting that there were major
disputes of relevant facts because the terms on which the Plaintiff had
purchased B1-08 from Maybank were relevant. However, as stated above, the
Defendants were not a party to that contract. Furthermore, the Plaintiff did
establish that B1-09 was encroaching on B1-08.

26 Accordingly, I granted the Plaintiff the reliefs it had sought with damages
to be assessed by a judge and costs. I also ordered a stay as mentioned above.

Further arguments

27 Subsequent to my decision on 28 October 2013, the Defendants’ solicitors,
Godwin Campos LLC (“Campos”) wrote on 4 November 2013 to request an
opportunity to present further arguments. Various reasons were given but the
most pertinent one was in para 4 of Campos’ letter. It stated that the
Defendants had found old letters (in the plural) written to them by Maybank’s
solicitors before Maybank sold B1-08 to the Plaintiff. The allegation was that
Maybank always knew that B1-08 was only 21sqm. Maybank had asked the
Defendants to buy the said 21sqm. The Defendants had declined and Maybank
subsequently sold B1-08 to the Plaintiff. The letters were said to be “pivotal
to any adjudication of the present matter”.

28 Paragraph 6 of Campos’ letter stated that the Defendants do not have their
sale and purchase agreement as the Defendants’ previous solicitors, M/s
Boswell, Hsieh & Lim (“BH&L”), had ceased practice some years ago. A letter
confirming this could be produced if so required.

29 Paragraph 11 of Campos’ letter stated that Maybank and Jones Lang Lasalle
(who conducted the auction of B1-08 to the Plaintiff) ought to be made parties
to the Plaintiff’s action “to bring the fullest facts … for fair and final
determination”.

30 Campos’ letter did not enclose the alleged letters from Maybank’s
solicitors as should have been done. Nevertheless, I decided to accede to the
request for further arguments to be presented. Subsequently, I directed the
Registrar of the Supreme Court to write to notify the solicitors of both sides
that the old letters which had been referred to in para 4 of Campos’ letter
had not been enclosed with that letter and also to inform them that the time
for filing an appeal pending the outcome of the further arguments was
suspended.

31 On 6 December 2013, Campos wrote to forward one letter dated 23 September
2002 from Rajah & Tann LLP (“R&T”) (Maybank’s solicitors) to the Defendants
(“the R&T Letter”) and one letter dated 12 November 2003 from BH&L to the
Defendants. The contents of each letter were revealing as I will elaborate on
later.

32 The further arguments took place on 20 January 2014. Mr Campos, counsel for
the Defendants, did not even seek to elaborate on why the Defendants could not
find the two letters from R&T and from BH&L earlier.

33 In any event, the letter from BH&L did not help the Defendants’ case. It
showed that BH&L had informed the Defendants in November 2003 that BH&L would
cease practice from 1 January 2004. That letter also asked the Defendants to
“collect the complete file” relating to B1-09 for their own safe-keeping. This
letter came as a surprise to me. As mentioned above, I had given time to the
Defendants to try and get whatever information they might need from the
solicitors who had acted for them in the purchase of B1-09. Mr Campos did not
disclose then that their previous solicitors had ceased practice and that the
Defendants already had an opportunity to collect the complete file from the
previous solicitors. Perhaps Mr Campos did not know about BH&L’s letter dated
12 November 2003. Eventually, Mr Campos confirmed that the Defendants did in
fact collect the complete file from BH&L.

34 As for the R&T Letter, it referred to a letter dated 25 June 2002 (from R&T
to the Defendants) and an email dated 28 June 2002 (from the Defendants to
R&T). Mr Campos said that the Defendants could not locate the earlier letter
dated 25 June 2002 or their email. No elaboration was given. Mr Campos did not
ask R&T for a copy of either. His only excuse was that the communication was
so long ago. In any event, the R&T Letter was revealing.

35 It showed that the Defendants had realised in 2002, if not earlier, that
B1-09 only had a floor area of 41 sqm, and that the Defendants had already
made an issue of this with Maybank. The R&T Letter did not agree with the
Defendants that they were entitled to an additional 20sqm. This suggested that
the Defendants were not truthful when they contended that they had in fact
contracted to buy a unit of 61sqm. They might have thought that the unit was
of that size but that was different from saying that their contract specified
that size. Indeed, they were unable to produce any document to support the
latter.

36 Furthermore, the R&T Letter did not say that B1-08 was only 21sqm as was
alleged in Campos’ letter dated 4 November 2013. On the contrary, the R&T
Letter had proposed that the Defendants purchase the additional area occupied
by them (about 20sqm) and the “remaining” area of B1-08 (about 21sqm) at a
price to be agreed. R&T also threatened to take steps to recover “the
encroached area” from the Defendants if there was no agreement on the
proposal. Paragraph 4 of Campos’ letter was therefore misleading.

37 Ironically, the substance of the R&T Letter made the Defendants’ case
worse. It showed that:

(a) The Defendants knew that their allegation in the present action that any
encroachment was by B1-07 (and not B1-09) or that there was no encroachment of
B1-08 was false. They already knew in 2002 that B1-09 was encroaching upon
B1-08.

(b) If the Defendants genuinely believed that an error had been made in the
1993 survey plan, they would have made an application for rectification in
2002 or 2003 after R&T’s letter. They did not do so and only mentioned
rectification in 2013 and 2014 in the proceedings before me.

(c) Maybank was disputing with the Defendants that they were entitled to
61sqm, contrary to the Defendants’ suggestion. This reinforced the point that
the Defendants’ emphasis on their purchase price was irrelevant.

(d) The Defendants were given the opportunity to buy B1-08 comprising the
encroached area of 20sqm and the remaining area of 21sqm. They chose not to do
so.

(e) Maybank knew that B1-08 was 41sqm and knew about the problem of the
encroachment. There was no basis to suggest that Maybank had sold or
transferred only 21sqm to the Plaintiff when Maybank sold B1-08.

38 Unsurprisingly, Plaintiff’s counsel did not pursue his objection to the
Defendants’ introduction of the two letters from BH&L and from R&T.

39 As for the Defendants’ repeated arguments that more information should be
given about the terms of the contract between the Plaintiff and Maybank, I
have said above that such terms were irrelevant. The Defendants are not a
party to that contract and they acquired title to their own unit of about
41sqm only.

40 I was of the view that the Defendants had been economical with the truth.
They have had the benefit of wrongfully occupying the additional 21sqm for
about 12 years with full knowledge of the encroachment. I affirmed my orders
given on 28 October 2013 including the stay order pending an appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Mar 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

