Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Muhammad Ridzuan bin Mohd Ali _v_ Attorney-General  
[2014] SGHC 179

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 348 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 September 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Masih James Bahadur (James Masih & Company), Rajan
Supramaniam (Hilborne Law LLC) and Dr Chuang Wei Ping (WP Chuang & Co) for the
applicant; Francis Ng and Ailene Chou (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  MUHAMMAD RIDZUAN BIN MOHD ALI — ATTORNEY-GENERAL  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 131 of
2014 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 5 October 2015. See [2015] SGCA
53.]

12 September 2014|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 This is an application by Muhammad Ridzuan bin Mohd Ali (“the Applicant”)
for leave to commence judicial review proceedings against the Public
Prosecutor (“PP”). This application arose out of the PP’s decision not to
grant the Applicant a certificate of substantive assistance pursuant to s
33B(2)(_b_) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). As a
result, the Applicant sought leave to apply for the following orders:

(a) a declaration that the PP had acted in bad faith in not granting the
Applicant a certificate under s 33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA;

(b) a mandatory order for the PP to grant the Applicant a certificate under s
33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA;

(c) an order for the case to be remitted to the trial judge to re-consider and
pass the appropriate sentence under s 33B(1) of the MDA; and

(d) that the stay of execution granted by the Court of Appeal continue until
the final determination of this application.

The Attorney-General (“the AG”) opposed the application.

2 As I was the trial judge in the criminal trial involving the Applicant and
his co-accused, I instructed the registry to ask both parties in this case
before the date of hearing whether they had any objections to me hearing this
application. Both parties had no objections. At the hearing on 17 July 2014, I
dismissed this application. The Applicant has appealed to the Court of Appeal
against my decision.

The facts

The offence

3 The background facts to the Applicant’s drug trafficking convictions have
been set out in both the first instance judgment (see _Public Prosecutor v
Abdul Haleem bin Abdul Karim and another_ [2013] 3 SLR 734 (“ _PP v Abdul
Haleem_ ”)) and the Court of Appeal’s judgment in respect of the Applicant’s
appeal against conviction (see _Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public
Prosecutor and other matters_ [2014] 3 SLR 721 (“ _Muhammad Ridzuan v PP_ ”)).
I will therefore set out only such background facts as are necessary for
giving the context for this application.

4 The Applicant and Abdul Haleem bin Abdul Karim (“Abdul Haleem”) previously
worked as bouncers in the same night club. They had known each other for about
a year prior to the date of their arrest. Initially, the Applicant befriended
one Rosli in Johor Bahru, who wanted to know if the Applicant was interested
in trafficking drugs. Subsequently, one Afad, who identified himself as
Rosli’s friend, called the Applicant to see if he was interested in purchasing
heroin.

5 The Applicant asked Abdul Haleem if he was interested in selling heroin
together as partners and they subsequently agreed to purchase one “ball” of
heroin to repack and sell. The arrangement was for the Applicant to deal with
the supplier and provide the capital to purchase the heroin. Both of them
would then repack the heroin together and look for customers. The profit would
then be split equally. The Applicant did not tell Abdul Haleem about the
source of heroin or when the heroin would be delivered.

6 On 4 May 2010, the Applicant agreed to purchase one “ball” of heroin from
Afad for $7,000. Afad told the Applicant to wait for a phone call from one
Gemuk, who would then tell him when he could collect the heroin from a jockey
(_ie_ , a courier). On 5 May 2010 at about 2.00pm, Gemuk called the Applicant
and informed him that a jockey would be delivering half a “ball” of heroin
that day and the other half subsequently. The Applicant passed $7,000 in cash
to Abdul Haleem and instructed him to collect half a “ball” of heroin from the
jockey as instructed by Gemuk.

7 After Abdul Haleem collected the half “ball” of heroin, he returned to the
Applicant’s flat where they proceeded to repack the heroin into 20 small
plastic sachets, each containing about eight grams of heroin. There was a
small amount of heroin left over which they intended to repack after receiving
the other half “ball” of heroin.

8 At about 5.00pm on 6 May 2010, Gemuk called the Applicant and informed him
to prepare to collect the remaining half “ball” of heroin. During the trial,
there was a dispute as to whether the Applicant was specifically informed by
Gemuk that they would be receiving additional bundles of heroin. Nothing turns
on that dispute in the present leave application. It is undisputed that Abdul
Haleem eventually met the jockey and received additional bundles of heroin
over and above the remaining half “ball” of heroin that they had purchased.
The additional bundles of heroin were intended to be handed over to other
persons. After collecting the bundles of heroin from the jockey, Abdul Haleem
returned to the Applicant’s flat where they were both arrested by officers
from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”).

The conviction

9 At the conclusion of the criminal trial, I convicted both the Applicant and
Abdul Haleem on two charges of trafficking in diamorphine under s 5(1)(_a_) of
the MDA read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The first
charge (“the first charge”) involved not less than 72.50g of diamorphine and
was thus a capital charge punishable under s 33, or alternatively, s 33B of
the MDA. The subject matter of the capital charge was the heroin found in the
additional seven bundles that Abdul Haleem had collected from the jockey on 6
May 2010.

10 The second charge (“the second charge”) involved not more than 14.99g of
diamorphine and was thus a non-capital charge punishable with a minimum
sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane and a maximum
sentence of 30 years’ imprisonment or imprisonment for life and 15 strokes of
the cane. The subject matter of the second charge was the heroin found in the
one bundle that Abdul Haleem had collected from the jockey and in the 21
plastic sachets that had been repacked by both the Applicant and Abdul Haleem.

The sentence

11 While both the Applicant and Abdul Haleem were arrested on 6 May 2010, the
trial only commenced on 18 February 2013. This is significant as the date of
commencement of the new s 33B of the MDA was 1 January 2013. In this regard, s
27(1) of the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Act 2012 (No 30 of 2012) states that:

Where, _on or after_ the appointed day [_ie_ , 1 January 2013], a person is
convicted of a relevant offence committed _before_ that day, he may be
sentenced in accordance with section 33B of the [MDA] if the court determines
that the requirements referred to in that section are satisfied.

[emphasis added]

Therefore, having convicted both the Applicant and Abdul Haleem on the first
charge (_ie_ , the capital charge), I had to deal with the issue of whether
they could avail themselves of the alternative sentencing regime pursuant to s
33B(1)(_a_) of the MDA. After reviewing the evidence and hearing the parties’
arguments, I found that both the Applicant and Abdul Haleem satisfied the
requirements under either ss 33B(2)(_a_)(ii) or 33B(2)(_a_)(iii) of the MDA as
it was their uncontroverted evidence that they planned to sell only the one
“ball” of heroin that they had purchased, which was the subject matter of the
second charge (_ie_ , the non-capital charge). In relation to the seven
bundles of heroin which were the subject matter of the first charge, I
accepted their evidence that they had received the bundles for the sole
purpose of handing them over to other customers of the drug supplier. They
were therefore “couriers” for the purposes of s 33B(2)(_a_), a convenient term
that was used in the Parliamentary debates on the legislative amendments to
the MDA but which does not appear in the section.

12 Abdul Haleem also satisfied s 33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA as the PP certified
that he had substantively assisted the CNB in disrupting drug trafficking
activities within or outside Singapore. Exercising the discretion under s
33B(1)(_a_) of the MDA, I sentenced Abdul Haleem to life imprisonment and to
receive the minimum 15 strokes of the cane for the first charge. As the
Applicant could not fulfil all the requirements in s 33B(2), he was given the
mandatory death sentence as the PP did not issue him the certificate under s
33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA.

13 In relation to the second charge (_ie_ , the non-capital charge), I
sentenced both Abdul Haleem and the Applicant to the mandatory minimum
sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane, with Abdul
Haleem being subject to a maximum of 24 strokes. With regard to the Applicant,
I further ordered that he was not to undergo any caning as long as the
conviction and sentence for the first charge stood.

The appeal

14 The Applicant appealed against his conviction and sentence in respect of
the first charge (_ie_ , the capital charge). At the hearing of the appeal on
27 January 2014, three different matters were before the Court of Appeal:

(a) Criminal Motion No 69 of 2013 (“CM 69/2013”), which was an application for
leave by the Applicant to amend his petition of appeal to include two
additional grounds of appeal;

(b) Criminal Appeal No 3 of 2013 (“CCA 3/2013”), which was the substantive
appeal against the Applicant’s conviction and sentence in relation to the
first charge; and

(c) Criminal Motion No 68 of 2013 (“CM 68/2013”), which was an application to
challenge the PP’s decision not to issue a certificate of substantive
assistance to the Applicant pursuant to s 33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA.

15 The prosecution did not object to the amendments to the petition of appeal
and CM 69/2013 was allowed accordingly. In relation to CCA 3/2013, the appeal
was dismissed and the Applicant’s conviction on the first charge was upheld.
The Court of Appeal dismissed CM 68/2013 on the basis that the Applicant had
adopted the wrong procedure. It was held that the proper forum to decide the
matters in CM 68/2013 was the High Court and not the Court of Appeal
(_Muhammad Ridzuan v PP_ at [102]). The Applicant was directed to file a fresh
application for a mandatory order, if any, in the High Court within two
months, _ie_ , by 26 April 2014.

The present application

16 In accordance with the directions of the Court of Appeal, the Applicant
filed the present application on 15 April 2014. The orders sought by the
Applicant have been set out at [1] above.

**_The parties’ arguments_**

17 At the outset, I note that both parties accepted that the subject matter in
the present application is susceptible to judicial review and that the
Applicant has sufficient interest in the matter.[note: 1] The main dispute is
in relation to the issue of whether the material before the court discloses an
arguable or _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting
the remedies sought by the Applicant.

The Applicant’s arguments

18 The Applicant has relied on six different, but slightly overlapping,
grounds to support his application for leave to be granted. These grounds were
relied upon to try to establish a _prima facie_ case of the PP having acted in
bad faith and in breach of the equal protection clause in Art 12 of the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the
Constitution”).

19 First, the Applicant argued that both Abdul Haleem and he had, for all
intents and purposes, participated in the same criminal conduct.[note: 2]
Therefore, it would not be right for only Abdul Haleem to be given a reprieve
under s 33B(1)(_a_) of the MDA. It was argued that the Applicant was thereby
prejudiced by the PP’s decision not to grant him a certificate of substantive
assistance.

20 Second, the Applicant highlighted that both Abdul Haleem and he were found
to be “couriers” pursuant to s 33B(2)(_a_) of the MDA.[note: 3] Therefore,
given that the PP had granted Abdul Haleem the certificate of substantive
assistance, the Applicant should also be granted the same. It was further
argued that the failure to accord the Applicant equal treatment amounted to a
violation of Art 12 of the Constitution.

21 Third, it was argued that the Applicant had given the same information as
Abdul Haleem and yet only Abdul Haleem was granted the certificate of
substantive assistance by the PP.[note: 4] The Applicant submitted that in the
event of the PP justifying the different treatment on the basis that the
Applicant and Abdul Haleem had provided dissimilar levels of assistance, the
PP would have to produce evidence in support of such a proposition as a
person’s life was at stake. The Applicant further argued that he was not
approached during or after the trial to provide assistance to the CNB.[note:
5] In this regard, it was submitted that he should not be penalised for not
having assisted the CNB when he had no opportunity to do so to begin with. The
Applicant further argued that no fair and proper procedure was followed prior
to the decision being made by the PP.[note: 6] On this basis, given that the
matter involved a person’s life, it was submitted that the PP had acted in bad
faith. The Applicant also relied on the High Court decision of _Public
Prosecutor v Chum Tat Suan_ [2014] 1 SLR 336 (“ _PP v Chum Tat Suan_ ”) to
support his proposition that an accused cannot be expected to provide
information to assist the CNB _before_ the end of the trial.[note: 7] It was
submitted that the accused should only be expected to assist the CNB _after_
the trial so as not to prejudice his defence at trial.

22 Fourth, it was highlighted that the facts and circumstances under which
Abdul HaleHHaleem and the Applicant were arrested were the same and they had
practically participated in the same criminal activity.[note: 8] On this
basis, it was submitted that the unequal treatment of Abdul Haleem and the
Applicant by the PP amounted to a violation of Art 12 of the Constitution. The
Applicant also referred to s 33B(4) of the MDA in support of the proposition
that the PP’s decision may be challenged on the ground of bad faith. In this
respect, it was argued that there was sufficient evidence before the court to
prove that the PP made the decision in bad faith.

23 Fifth, it was submitted that in order for the PP to make a proper
determination under s 33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA, he would have to conduct a
proper and formal investigation into the matter.[note: 9] The Applicant
reiterated that he was not invited to provide any information to the CNB
before, during, or after the trial. Therefore, it was submitted that the PP
could not have made a proper determination under s 33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA due
to the lack of a proper procedure.

The AG’s arguments

24 At the outset, the AG raised two procedural objections to the orders sought
by the Applicant. The Court of Appeal decision of _Vellama d/o Marie Muthu v
Attorney-General_ [2013] 4 SLR 1 (“ _Vellama v AG_ ”) was cited by the AG for
the proposition that O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev
Ed) only requires leave to be obtained in relation to an application for
_prerogative_ orders.[note: 10] In this regard, an applicant who wishes to
obtain a prerogative order _and_ a declaration should first obtain leave to
make an application for a prerogative order. After leave has been granted, the
applicant may then proceed to apply for a declaration alongside the
prerogative order. It was therefore submitted that the inclusion of the prayer
for a declaration in the present leave application was procedurally wrong in
so far as leave was only required for the mandatory order.

25 It was also submitted that the framing of the mandatory order in the
present application was flawed as the High Court does not have the power to
direct the PP to exercise his discretion in a _particular_ manner.[note: 11]
Therefore, the PP cannot be ordered to grant a certificate to the Applicant as
that would amount to substituting the court’s decision for the PP’s
decision.[note: 12]

26 The AG also relied on the concept of non-justiciability in support of the
proposition that the PP’s decision should only be reviewed on narrow
grounds.[note: 13] It was contended that operational considerations may be
compromised in the event that such determinations are subjected to
“untrammelled judicial scrutiny”.[note: 14] The AG also submitted that the
determination of whether to grant a certificate of substantive assistance
necessarily involves a multi-faceted inquiry, where a multitude of extra-legal
factors have to be taken into account by the PP.[note: 15] The scope of review
over such decisions should therefore be confined to the narrow grounds of bad
faith, malice and unconstitutionality.

27 The AG also submitted that the Applicant had failed to establish an
arguable or _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting
the remedies sought.[note: 16] There was no evidence to suggest that the PP
had made the determination for an extraneous purpose or out of preconceived
bias against the Applicant. There was also no evidence to suggest that the
PP’s decision was wholly arbitrary or capricious.

28 In response to the Applicant’s argument that he had been unfairly
discriminated against, the AG submitted that the equal protection clause in
Art 12 of the Constitution does not require equality in outcome.[note: 17] In
the absence of _prima facie_ evidence to the contrary, the inference must be
that the PP had arrived at different outcomes for Abdul Haleem and the
Applicant on the basis of relevant considerations.[note: 18] The AG also
argued that the Applicant and Abdul Haleem did _not_ give the same information
to the CNB. It was submitted that in any event, the Applicant has not produced
any evidence to suggest that the decision-making process only involved a
simplistic and one-dimensional exercise in comparing the statements given by
both parties.[note: 19]

29 Finally, the AG rejected the Applicant’s allegation that there was no ample
opportunity for him to provide assistance to the CNB. It was highlighted that
the Applicant was legally represented and had every opportunity to provide
information to the authorities.[note: 20] The AG also submitted that there was
no duty on the part of the PP or the law enforcement agencies to either invite
or compel the accused to provide information that may assist in disrupting
drug trafficking activities.[note: 21]

The decision

The procedural objections

30 The AG’s procedural objection with regard to the inclusion of the prayer
for a declaration at this stage of the leave proceedings was broadly similar
to that raised in the earlier decision of _Cheong Chun Yin v Attorney-General_
[2014] SGHC 124 (“ _Cheong Chun Yin v AG_ ”). As in that case, the AG cited
the Court of Appeal decision of _Vellama v AG_ in support of the proposition
that an application for declaratory relief should only be made after leave to
apply for the prerogative order has been granted.

31 As I observed in _Cheong Chun Yin v AG_ (at [27]), it appears to me that
the Court of Appeal in _Vellama v AG_ was merely stating that a party cannot
apply for “freestanding declaratory relief” pursuant to O 53 given that it is
“essentially an order relating to the grant of prerogative orders” (at [53]).
In this regard, before a party is able to obtain a declaration under O 53,
leave to make an application for a prerogative order must first be obtained.

32 In my view, there is no procedural impediment to prevent the applicant from
including the application for declaratory relief at the leave stage, as the
declaration is sought alongside leave for other prerogative orders. This does
not fall foul of the rule against applying for “freestanding declaratory
relief” under O 53, as was held by the Court of Appeal in _Vellama v AG_ (at
[53]). In fact, this approach enables the applicant to place his entire case
before the court at the outset, thus enabling the court to be better apprised
of the complete scope of remedies sought by the applicant. Therefore, the
Applicant cannot be faulted for including the application for a declaration in
the leave application for a mandatory order.

33 With regard to the AG’s objection to the framing of the mandatory order, I
agree that the court should not be directing the PP to exercise his discretion
in a _particular_ manner, such as to order the PP to grant the Applicant a
certificate of substantive assistance. The court should not, in the exercise
of its supervisory jurisdiction, be substituting its decision for that of the
original decision-maker.

34 At the hearing before me, counsel for the Applicant, Mr Masih, clarified
that the Applicant was only asking the PP to _reconsider_ the matter. Mr Masih
accepted that in the event where the PP, after reconsideration, maintains his
original decision not to grant the certificate of substantive assistance, the
Applicant will have no further recourse. Therefore, while it is accepted that
the prayer for the mandatory order could have been framed more accurately, I
proceeded on the basis that the Applicant was merely seeking a reconsideration
of the PP’s decision, as opposed to an order directing the PP to grant the
certificate of substantive assistance.

Leave to commence judicial review proceedings

35 The principles governing the grant of leave to commence judicial review
proceedings are well settled. With reference to the Court of Appeal decision
of _Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew v Attorney-General_ [2014] 1 SLR 345, the three
requirements which have to be satisfied before leave can be granted for the
court to consider the prerogative orders sought by the applicant are as
follows (at [5]):

(a) the subject matter of the complaint must be susceptible to judicial
review;

(b) the applicant must have a sufficient interest in the matter; and

(c) the material before the court must disclose an arguable or _prima facie_
case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought by the
applicant.

36 As mentioned at [17] above, both parties do not dispute that the subject
matter of the present application is susceptible to judicial review and that
the Applicant has sufficient interest in the matter. Therefore, I need only to
deal with the third issue of whether the material placed before me discloses
an arguable or _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion in favour of
granting the remedies sought by the Applicant. With this in mind, I will
proceed to address the arguments raised by both parties.

The scope of review

37 In ascertaining the scope of review applicable to the PP’s determination as
to whether any person has substantively assisted the CNB in disrupting drug
trafficking activities within or outside Singapore, it would be apposite to
refer to s 33B(4) of the MDA, which states as follows:

The determination of whether or not any person has substantively assisted the
Central Narcotics Bureau in disrupting drug trafficking activities shall be at
the _sole discretion_ of the Public Prosecutor and no action or proceeding
shall lie against the Public Prosecutor in relation to any such determination
_unless it is proved to the court that the determination was done in bad faith
or with malice_.

[emphasis added]

In this regard, Parliament has carefully delineated the scope of review to
that of bad faith or malice.

38 Beyond that, in considering the issue of prosecutorial discretion, the
Court of Appeal in _Ramalingam Ravinthran v Attorney-General_ [2012] 2 SLR 49
(“ _Ramalingam v AG_ ”) also observed at [41] that:

... an exercise of an _executive decision-making power_ , even one with a
constitutional status, cannot be allowed to override a fundamental liberty
enshrined in the Constitution.

[emphasis added]

Therefore, the PP’s determination pursuant to s 33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA would
clearly be subject to review on the ground of unconstitutionality. This was
also alluded to by the Minister for Law, Mr K Shanmugam, in the second reading
of the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Bill 2012 (No 27 of 2012) (“the MDA
Amendment Bill”), reproduced in _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (14 November 2012) vol 89 (K Shanmugam, Minister for Foreign Affairs
and Minister for Law):

... And take into account the fact that the Public Prosecutor’s discretion is
not unfettered. It is subject to judicial review, either on bad faith or
malice, which is expressly provided for, and of course, _unconstitutionality_
, which goes without saying.

[emphasis added]

39 In any event, I note that the Applicant has not argued for a greater scope
of review beyond the grounds of bad faith, malice or unconstitutionality. The
Applicant’s case was based essentially on the following propositions:

(a) the PP had acted in bad faith; and

(b) the Applicant was discriminated against and this amounted to a violation
of Art 12 of the Constitution.

40 At this juncture, it is acknowledged that the Applicant has, in his written
submissions, also raised the argument that the sentence of death was wrong and
therefore in breach of Art 9(1) of the Constitution.[note: 22] This argument
was, however, not developed beyond that. More importantly, it appeared to be
based entirely on the assertion that there had been an unequal treatment of
the Applicant which would have amounted to a violation of Art 12 of the
Constitution in the first place. In other words, if the Applicant is unable to
establish a _prima facie_ breach of Art 12, the argument based on Art 9(1)
will necessarily fail.

The alleged violation of Art 12 of the Constitution

41 The substance of the Applicant’s arguments in relation to the alleged
violation of the equal protection clause in Art 12 of the Constitution was
based on the following propositions:

(a) both the Applicant and Abdul Haleem had engaged in the same criminal
conduct (“the first argument”);[note: 23]

(b) both parties had provided the same information to the CNB (“the second
argument”);[note: 24] and

(c) both parties were found to be “couriers” under s 33B(2)(_a_) of the MDA
(“the third argument”).[note: 25]

Therefore, the fact that the PP only granted Abdul Haleem, and not the
Applicant, a certificate of substantive assistance under s 33B(2)(_b_) of the
MDA would amount to a violation of Art 12 of the Constitution.

42 For the avoidance of doubt, the Applicant is not challenging the validity
or constitutionality of the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B of the
MDA. As I observed in _Cheong Chun Yin v AG_ at [36], an executive act may be
unconstitutional if it amounts to intentional and arbitrary discrimination
(see _Eng Foong Ho and others v Attorney-General_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 542). In
this regard, arbitrariness implies the lack of any rationality (see _Public
Prosecutor v Ang Soon Huat_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 246 at [23]).

43 Apart from that, the Court of Appeal also made the following observations
in _Ramalingam v AG_ at [61]:

The Privy Council stated in _Ong Ah Chuan_ at [35] that “[e]quality before the
law and equal protection of the law require[d] that like should be compared
with like”. We recognise this as a general principle under Art 12(1) that
_applies to all acts of state, whether legislative or executive_. ...

[emphasis added]

It was further held this would also apply to the exercise of prosecutorial
power as it was merely a facet of executive power. In my view, the PP’s
determination pursuant to s 33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA, being the exercise of an
executive decision-making power, would also be subject to the above-mentioned
principle.

44 It is trite that the Applicant bears the burden of establishing a _prima
facie_ breach of the equal protection clause in Art 12 of the Constitution. On
the facts of the present case, this burden has not been discharged. The
Applicant has failed to provide any evidence that the PP had deliberately or
arbitrarily discriminated against him in deciding not to grant him the
certificate of substantive assistance. The difference in outcome between the
Applicant and Abdul Haleem is not sufficient to constitute _prima facie_
evidence of there being a breach of Art 12 of the Constitution. In fact, it
bears noting that the Applicant has not adduced any evidence to support his
assertion that he provided the same level of assistance as Abdul Haleem. While
the Applicant has made the repeated assertion that the factual situation was
the _same_ and that any difference in outcome would amount to a violation of
Art 12 of the Constitution, as will be seen below, many of the similarities
raised have no relevance whatsoever to the PP’s determination under s
33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA.

45 In relation to the first argument, I am unable to appreciate the relevance
of a person’s criminal conduct to the determination of whether he has
substantively assisted the CNB. They are clearly distinct considerations which
involve separate timeframes. One concerns the conduct of the accused _prior_
to being arrested while the other concerns his conduct _after_ being arrested.
While it was recognised by the Court of Appeal in _Ramalingam v AG_ (at [24])
that criminal conduct was a relevant consideration in the exercise of
prosecutorial discretion, that could not apply to the PP’s decision whether or
not to grant the certificate of substantive assistance. In this regard, it
would be apposite to refer to the statutory wording of s 33B(2)(_b_) of the
MDA, reproduced as follows:

... the Public Prosecutor certifies to any court that, in his determination,
the person has _substantively assisted_ the Central Narcotics Bureau in
_disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore_.

[emphasis added]

Nowhere in s 33B(2)(_b_) does it mention that the criminal conduct of the
person is a relevant factor in determining whether he or she has substantively
assisted the CNB.

46 In fact, the Applicant appears to concede this point in his reply
submissions:[note: 26]

The Respondent has submitted that relative culpability in the commission of an
offence is _irrelevant_ to a substantive assistance determination. _We cannot
agree more._ What the Applicant is saying is that the circumstances of both
accused were similar and thus the information they could have provided for
“substantive assistance” was also similar. ...

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

This was confirmed by Mr Masih at the hearing before me. Mr Masih clarified
that he had intended to submit that Abdul Haleem could not have given more
information than the Applicant as the arrangement was for the Applicant to be
the contact point.

47 This effectively leads to the second argument, where it was alleged that
the Applicant should also be granted the certificate of substantive assistance
as both Abdul Haleem and the Applicant had provided the same information to
the CNB.[note: 27] After Mr Masih’s clarification, it appears that the
Applicant’s case was not confined to both Abdul Haleem and the Applicant
providing the _same_ information. Instead, the substance of the argument was
that given the Applicant’s greater involvement in dealing with the drug
supplier, Abdul Haleem could not have provided _more_ information than the
Applicant. In this regard, Mr Masih submitted that since the Applicant did not
get a certificate while Abdul Haleem did, there must have been bad faith.

48 The Applicant has failed to provide any evidence to support his assertion
that he had either provided the _same_ or even _more_ information as compared
to Abdul Haleem. To begin with, the fact that the Applicant could have given
more information than Abdul Haleem says nothing about whether the Applicant
did in fact provide the information to the relevant authorities. Further,
without delving too much into the background facts of the offence, I note that
the Applicant’s knowledge pertains largely to the dealings that he had with
Rosli, Afad and Gemuk (see [4], [6] and [8] above). Abdul Haleem, on the other
hand, was the party responsible for meeting the jockey to physically receive
the bundles of heroin (see [6]–[8] above). It is undisputed that the Applicant
did not accompany Abdul Haleem on both occasions when he met the jockey.
Therefore, without making further conjecture as to what information Abdul
Haleem could have provided to the CNB, I am unable to accept Mr Masih’s
argument that the Applicant must necessarily know more than Abdul Haleem.

49 Further, the Parliamentary intent behind the introduction of the
“substantive assistance” condition under s 33B(2) of the MDA is to enhance the
operational effectiveness of the CNB. This can be gleaned from the speech by
the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Home Affairs, Mr Teo Chee Hean, at
the second reading of the MDA Amendment Bill, reproduced in _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (12 November 2012) vol 89 (Teo Chee
Hean, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Home Affairs):

The aim of the “substantive assistance” condition is to _enhance the
operational effectiveness of the CNB, by allowing investigators to reach
higher into the hierarchy of drug syndicates_. “Substantive assistance” in
disrupting drug trafficking activities may include, for example, the provision
of information leading to the arrest or detention or prosecution of any person
involved in any drug trafficking activity. _Assistance which does not enhance
the enforcement effectiveness of the CNB will not be sufficient._ ...

[emphasis added]

This was also alluded to by the Minister for Law, as reflected in _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (14 November 2012) vol 89 (K
Shanmugam, Minister for Foreign Affairs and Minister for Law):

_The issue is not what we can do to help couriers avoid capital punishment._
It is about what we can do to enhance the effectiveness of the Act in a non-
capricious and fair way without affecting our underlying fight against drugs.
Discretionary sentencing for those who offer substantive assistance is the
approach we have taken. _For those who cannot offer substantive assistance,
then the position is as it is now._

[emphasis added]

50 In this regard, I accept the AG’s submission that the determination of
whether a person has substantively assisted the CNB involves a multi-faceted
inquiry, which may include a multitude of extra-legal factors, such as:[note:
28]

(a) the upstream and downstream effects of any information provided;

(b) the operational value of any information provided to existing
intelligence; and

(c) the veracity of any information provided when counterchecked against other
intelligence sources.

The overarching question will inevitably be whether the operational
effectiveness of the CNB has been enhanced. This is largely a value judgment
which necessarily entails a certain degree of subjectivity. In this regard,
the court should be careful not to substitute its own judgment for the PP’s
judgment. Realistically speaking, the PP is much better placed to assess the
operational value of the assistance provided by the accused. Hence the grounds
of review have been confined to bad faith, malice and unconstitutionality.

51 If the PP is made to justify his decision in court on every occasion where
bare and unsubstantiated allegations are made by accused persons, the
operational effectiveness of the CNB will likely be hampered. In fact, one of
the primary reasons behind vesting this power in the PP, as opposed to the
courts, is the need to safeguard the confidentiality of operational
information. This was emphasised by the Minister for Law, as reflected in
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (14 November 2012) vol 89
(K Shanmugam, Minister for Foreign Affairs and Minister for Law):

... An additional important consideration is _protecting the confidentiality
of operational information_.

...

Ms Lim suggested that if there are concerns about confidentiality, why not
have it _in camera_ , although I am not quite sure she used that phrase. The
real point is this. Just imagine the scenario. In a case, the defendant argues
that he rendered substantial assistance – it is CNB’s fault for not
dismantling some organisation overseas, it is something which CNB did or did
not do, what intelligence agencies and officers did and did not do. And you
put the officers on the stand and cross-examine them on their methods, their
sources, their thinking. Ask yourself whether that is the best way of dealing
with this question. Is that helpful?

Again, is there a risk? Obviously if you give such powers, there is a risk.
But which is the bigger risk? This is something you have to ask yourself. _If,
over a period of time, the entire modus operandi of the CNB is effectively in
the public domain, does it do us any good?_

[emphasis added]

Therefore, the courts should be mindful not to scrutinise each and every
aspect of the PP’s decision as there exists a real risk of the CNB’s
operations being compromised. Adopting an overly intrusive approach towards
the review of the PP’s discretion would be going against clear Parliamentary
intent that the decision-making power be vested in the PP and not the courts.
In the same light, although the AG has produced the statements given by Abdul
Haleem and the Applicant, I am of the view that it is not the court’s role to
compare and scrutinise those statements. In fact, there appears to be little
utility in going through a superficial comparison of the statements given by
both parties. As mentioned above, the decision-making process necessarily
involves a multi-faceted inquiry where a multitude of factors have to be taken
into account by the PP. Such extra-legal and operational considerations cannot
be gleaned from a superficial comparison of the statements alone.

52 I will now address the Applicant’s third argument. In brief, it was
submitted that both Abdul Haleem and the Applicant should be granted the
certificate of substantive assistance as both parties were found to be
“couriers” pursuant to s 33B(2)(_a_) of the MDA.

53 As I had emphasised in _PP v Abdul Haleem_ (at [60]), the alternative
sentencing option in s 33B(1)(_a_) of the MDA can only be considered if the
_conjunctive_ requirements in ss 33B(2)(_a_) and 33B(2)(_b_) are met. A
distinction has to be drawn between the two requirements. Section 33B(2)(_a_)
involves the court making a finding of fact, on a balance of probabilities, as
to whether the accused person is a “courier”. This can be contrasted with s
33B(2)(_b_), where the PP has to determine in his sole discretion whether the
person had substantively assisted the CNB. The court may find that the person
is a “courier” and the PP may, in the exercise of his discretion, decide _not_
to grant the certificate of substantive assistance, as in the present case.
Apart from the grounds of bad faith, malice and unconstitutionality, the PP’s
decision not to grant the certificate is legally unassailable.

54 The subject matters of the two requirements are different and they are
clearly not dependent on each other. Satisfaction of one requirement in s
33B(2) does not necessarily lead to satisfaction of the other. Therefore, I am
unable to accept the Applicant’s argument that the PP should grant both Abdul
Haleem and him the certificate of substantive assistance on the sole basis
that both have been found to be “couriers” under s 33B(2)(_a_) of the MDA.

55 In conclusion, the Applicant has failed to provide any evidence to
establish a _prima facie_ breach of the equal protection clause in Art 12 of
the Constitution. As explained at [40] above, the Applicant’s argument in
relation to Art 9(1) also fails in its entirety.

The alleged bad faith on the part of the PP

56 Apart from the ground of unconstitutionality, the Applicant has also
challenged the PP’s decision not to grant him a certificate of substantive
assistance on the ground of bad faith. In this regard, the arguments
concerning the alleged discriminatory treatment of the Applicant have also
been relied upon in support of the proposition that the PP had acted in bad
faith. As I have already dealt with those arguments above, there is no need to
restate them here again.

57 At the outset, I note that the Applicant and the AG have different views on
what amounts to bad faith. The AG submitted that bad faith may be established
in the following circumstances:

(a) where the power is exercised for an extraneous or improper purpose (see
_Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 239 at [149]
and _Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector of Land Revenue_ [2006] 3 SLR(R)
507);

(b) where there is preconceived bias against the accused person; and

(c) where the decision is made in a wholly arbitrary or capricious fashion
(see _Yong Vui Kong v Attorney-General_ [2011] 2 SLR 1189 at [83]).

58 The Applicant disagreed with the AG’s submissions and argued that a
different understanding of bad faith ought to be applied to s 33B(4) of the
MDA. It was submitted that a distinction ought to be drawn between bad faith
and malice. The Applicant argued that in the present context, the concept of
bad faith should include the following considerations:[note: 29]

(a) taking into account improper considerations;

(b) not considering appropriate facts and circumstances;

(c) not following any proper procedure thus leading to a miscarriage of
justice; or

(d) any combination of the factors above.

59 I am unable to accept the Applicant’s argument that a different
understanding, or even lower threshold, of bad faith ought to be applicable to
s 33B(4) of the MDA. While it is accepted that the scope of review over the
exercise of executive decision-making power is likely to vary depending on the
subject matter at stake, that does not necessarily mean that a different
concept of bad faith has to be applied depending on the circumstances of each
case.

60 More importantly, s 33B(4) of the MDA was enacted for the purpose of
circumscribing the scope of review that could be undertaken by the courts.
This can be contrasted with other executive or administrative decisions that
may be reviewed more intensively, such as on _Wednesbury_ grounds. From this
perspective, the Applicant’s argument appears to be no more than a backdoor
attempt to introduce a more intrusive review through a modified concept of bad
faith. This goes against the clear Parliamentary intent behind the enactment
of s 33B(4) of the MDA.

61 Further, as explained at [50] above, the decision whether a person has
substantively assisted the CNB necessarily involves extra-legal and
operational considerations which the courts are not in a position to deal
with. It must be recognised that the PP is much better placed to assess the
operational value of the assistance provided by the accused. It is for this
reason that the PP’s discretion can only be challenged on the grounds of bad
faith, malice and unconstitutionality.

62 Returning to the facts in the present case, the Applicant has not produced
any evidence to establish a _prima facie_ case of the PP exercising his
discretion in bad faith for an improper purpose. The arguments that were based
on the alleged discriminatory treatment of the Applicant have already been
dealt with above. It is not the law that a convicted person can come to court
to allege bad faith and/or malice and then leave it to the PP to justify to
the court that there was absence of bad faith and malice. The burden is on the
Applicant here to make good his assertions.

63 The Applicant has also relied on the fact that he was not approached
before, during or after the trial to provide assistance to the CNB. It was
alleged that no proper procedure was adopted and the PP had failed to conduct
a formal investigation prior to arriving at his decision not to grant the
Applicant the certificate of substantive assistance.[note: 30]

64 It is difficult to accept the Applicant’s argument that he was not given
ample opportunity to assist the CNB. Section 33B of the MDA came into
operation on 1 January 2013, which was prior to the commencement of the trial
on 18 February 2013. It is also undisputed that the Applicant was represented
by defence counsel. Therefore, it is highly improbable that the Applicant was
left completely in the dark with regard to the alternative sentencing regime
under s 33B of the MDA.

65 I was informed by Mr Masih that the CNB has adopted the practice of
highlighting s 33B of the MDA to accused persons. Mr Francis Ng, who appeared
on behalf of the AG, was not able to confirm that this is the CNB’s practice.
In any case, the MDA does not impose any legal duty on the part of the PP or
the law enforcement agencies to expressly invite the accused to provide
information in order to avail himself of the alternative sentencing regime
under s 33B(1)(_a_) of the MDA.

66 I also note that s 258 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev
Ed), the provision which governs the admissibility of an accused’s statement,
was amended in line with the introduction of s 33B of the MDA. It expressly
states that a statement which is otherwise admissible will not be rendered
inadmissible merely because the accused was informed in writing by a person in
authority of the circumstances in s 33B of the MDA under which life
imprisonment may be imposed in lieu of the death penalty.

67 Apart from that, the Applicant also relied on the recent High Court
decision of _PP v Chum Tat Suan_ in support of the proposition that the
accused cannot be expected to provide information to assist the CNB _before_
the end of the trial. The Applicant argued that information can only be
provided _after_ the trial in order not to prejudice the accused’s defence at
trial.[note: 31]

68 There are two separate issues here. The first is in relation to the accused
being allowed to adduce further evidence _after_ having been convicted in
order to establish that he falls within the scope of s 33B(2)(_a_) of the MDA.
This was the issue that was highlighted in _PP v Chum Tat Suan_. This question
does not arise in the present case as the Applicant was found to have
satisfied the requirements in s 33B(2)(_a_) of the MDA.

69 The second issue is in relation to the accused giving information to the
CNB in order to satisfy the requirement of having provided substantive
assistance in disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside
Singapore. In this respect, I find it hard to accept the Applicant’s argument
that an accused person should only be expected to provide information _after_
the conclusion of the trial. The scheme of the section does not lead to such a
conclusion. It is up to an accused person to decide whether and when he wishes
to extend any information to the CNB. If he chooses to withhold the
information until rather late, he cannot then complain if the information has
been rendered worthless due to the passage of time and the PP subsequently
makes the determination that the accused has not substantively assisted the
CNB. It would therefore be in the accused’s best interests to provide
information as early as possible during the course of the investigations if he
wishes to avail himself of the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B of
the MDA. This incentive to “come clean” was also alluded to in the
Parliamentary debates.

70 For trials that take place under the new scheme in the MDA, while an
accused person has the freedom to choose whether and when he assists the CNB,
from a practical perspective, the latest time at which he could do so in order
to avail himself of the alternative sentencing regime would be during the
trial. As _PP v Chum Tat Suan_ is currently awaiting decision by the Court of
Appeal, I shall say no more about the case here.

71 I was also informed by Mr Masih that sometime between the hearing of CM
68/2013 before the Court of Appeal on 27 February 2014 and the hearing of the
present application before me on 17 July 2014, the Applicant had given another
statement to the investigating authorities. This was confirmed by Mr Francis
Ng who stated that the CNB was looking into the information provided by the
Applicant in his latest statement but that did not mean that the PP would be
reconsidering the decision not to grant the Applicant a certificate of
substantive assistance. As matters stand, the Applicant was considered by the
PP not to be entitled to the certificate and the Applicant has not provided
any evidence to establish a _prima facie_ case of bad faith on the part of the
PP.

The burden of proof and the presumption of constitutionality

72 In the final analysis, it bears emphasising once again that the burden
rests on the Applicant to establish an arguable or _prima facie_ case of
reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought. As I observed
in _Cheong Chun Yin v AG_ at [37], in view of the high constitutional office
of the Attorney-General as the PP, the courts proceed on the basis that the PP
exercises his powers in accordance with the law unless shown otherwise. The
Applicant has not shown anything in this case that would displace this
presumption of constitutionality and/or legality.

Conclusion

73 For the reasons set out above, I dismissed the application for leave to
commence judicial review proceedings against the PP. The AG agreed graciously
that both parties should bear their own costs. Accordingly, I made no order as
to costs for this originating summons.

* * *

[note: 1]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at pp 6–7, paras 12–13;
Applicant’s Reply Submissions dated 10 July 2014 at p 2, paras 4–5.

[note: 2]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at p 8, para 16.

[note: 3]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at p 8, paras 17–18.

[note: 4]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at p 9, para 19.

[note: 5]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at p 10, para 21.

[note: 6]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at p 10, para 22.

[note: 7]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at pp 10–11, para 23.

[note: 8]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at pp 11–12, para 24.

[note: 9]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at pp 14–15, para 29.

[note: 10]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at p 7, para 15.

[note: 11]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at p 8, para 16.

[note: 12]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at pp 13–14, para 26.

[note: 13]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at pp 9–11, paras 19–20.

[note: 14]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at p 11, para 21.

[note: 15]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at pp 12–13, paras 23–25.

[note: 16]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at pp 14–15, para 29.

[note: 17]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at p 20, para 39.

[note: 18]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at pp 20–21, para 40.

[note: 19]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at p 24, para 45.

[note: 20]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at p 26, para 50.

[note: 21]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at pp 26–27, paras 51–52.

[note: 22]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at pp 11–12, para 24.

[note: 23]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at pp 8, 11–12, paras 16,
24.

[note: 24]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at p 9, para 19.

[note: 25]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at p 8, para 17.

[note: 26]Applicant’s Reply Submissions dated 10 July 2014 at p 12, para 35.

[note: 27]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at p 9, para 19.

[note: 28]AG’s Submissions dated 4 July 2014 at p 12, para 23.

[note: 29]Applicant’s Reply Submissions dated 10 July 2014 at p 11, para 32.

[note: 30]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at pp 14–15, para 29.

[note: 31]Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 July 2014 at pp 10–11, para 23.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Sep 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

