Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Cupid Jewels Pte Ltd _v_ Orchard Central Pte Ltd and another appeal  
[2014] SGCA 2

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 32 of 2013 and Civil Appeal No 33 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  David Nayar (David Nayar and Vardan) for the appellant in
Civil Appeal No 32 of 2013; Suresh s/o Damodara (Damodara Hazra LLP) for the
appellant in Civil Appeal No 33 of 2013; and Philip Jeyaretnam SC, Ling Tien
Wah and Tang Jin Sheng (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the respondent in Civil
Appeal No 32 of 2013 and Civil Appeal No 33 of 2013.  
Parties| :|  Cupid Jewels Pte Ltd — Orchard Central Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 2 SLR 667.]

13 January 2014|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 Pursuant to a Writ of Distress, Orchard Central Pte Ltd (“Orchard Central”)
distrained, amongst other things, the jewellery found on the premises of its
tenant, Cupid Jewels Pte Ltd (“Cupid Jewels”). The jewellery distrained had
been delivered to Cupid Jewels by Forever Jewels Pte Ltd (“Forever Jewels”).
Cupid Jewels and Forever Jewels filed separate applications for the release of
the jewellery. Both of their applications were dismissed by a High Court judge
(“the Judge”) (see _Orchard Central Pte Ltd v Cupid Jewels Pte Ltd (Forever
Jewels Pte Ltd, non-party)_ [2013] 2 SLR 667 (“the Judgment”)). Dissatisfied
with the Judge’s decision, Cupid Jewels and Forever Jewels filed Civil Appeal
No 32 of 2013 (“CA 32”) and Civil Appeal No 33 of 2013 (“CA 33”) respectively.

2 After considering the parties’ submissions, we dismissed both CA 32 and CA
33. We now give the detailed reasons for our decision.

Facts

The parties

3 Cupid Jewels and Forever Jewels are, loosely speaking, “related companies”
in the sense that they have the same directors and two common shareholders.
Forever Jewels delivers jewellery to Cupid Jewels for the latter to sell.
Orchard Central is the landlord of the commercial and retail development known
as Orchard Central (“OC”).

The background to the dispute

4 On 25 May 2008, Orchard Central and Cupid Jewels entered into an agreement
for Cupid Jewels to lease two units in OC (“the Premises”) from Orchard
Central to carry out retail sales of jewellery (“the Lease Agreement”).[note:
1] Pursuant to cl 1.2[note: 2] read with Schedule 1[note: 3] of the Lease
Agreement, Cupid Jewels was obliged to pay rent in advance on the first day of
each calendar month of the three year term, comprising the higher of: (a) the
base rent; or (b) the percentage rent calculated on the basis of Cupid Jewels’
gross sales for that month according to a formula set out in Schedule 3 of the
same. [note: 4]

5 Possession of the Premises was handed over to Cupid Jewels on 9 June 2009
for renovations and Cupid Jewels commenced business at the Premises in
September and December 2009 respectively. From August 2009, Cupid Jewels fell
into rental arrears. The outstanding amount increased over the months and
amounted to $891,507.99 by August 2010 when Orchard Central filed its
application for the Writ of Distress.

6 In May 2010, Cupid Jewels began negotiations for rental review with
representatives from Orchard Central and Far East Retail Consultancy Pte Ltd,
the company responsible for leasing matters related to OC. On 1 June 2010,
Orchard Central sent an email to Cupid Jewels offering varying rental rebates
for September to November 2009 and January to May 2010.[note: 5] This was
followed up with another email on 2 June 2010 (“the 2 June 2010 Email”)
listing out the rebates in table form and stating as follows thereafter:[note:
6]

With this, we enclose herewith a copy of our rebate letter with the respective
months for your attention/execution. The original rebate letter will be sent
to you shortly. Meanwhile, we would appreciate it if you could make payment
for the outstanding rental by **_4 June 2010, Friday_** … [emphasis in
original]

7 The material portions of the formal rebate letter dated 2 June 2010[note: 7]
(“the 2 June 2010 Rebate Letter”) that was attached in the 2 June 2010 Email
are reproduced below:

We are pleased to inform you that we will be granting you following rebates on
Base Rent for the following months on an ex-gratia basis for your premises.

…

Our offer is made in good faith on our part. We hope that this will help us
move forward together to establish a fruitful and mutually beneficial
relationship.

An acceptance of this offer would also indicate your unconditional acceptance
of the confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions set out in Schedule 1
herein as well as full compliance with the following:

(1)Payment of outstanding for the Premises.

(2)Acceptance must be accompanied by a cheque for full payment of the sum
subject to subsequent clearance.

(3)Rental must be kept current at all times.

(4)Full compliance with the terms and conditions of the Lease Agreement.

We would be grateful if you could kindly confirm your acceptance of the above
by signing on the duplicate copy of this letter and return it … no later than
9 June 2010.

…

If for any reason we do not receive the duly signed duplicate copy of this
letter by the above stipulated date, the offer shall lapse absolutely without
further notice from us. Please note that the Rent Rebate will only take effect
on your fulfilment of the conditions precedent stated above.

It was undisputed that Cupid Jewels did not accept the offer made in the 2
June 2010 Rebate Letter. There were subsequent talks between the parties but
no agreement was reached.

8 On 14 June 2010, Cupid Jewels sent an email proposing a rental package and
requested an extension period for the rebates to cover August 2009 as
well.[note: 8] On 17 June 2010, Orchard Central replied rejecting the proposed
rental package but stated that it would honour the rebate previously offered
if Cupid Jewels could “come up with a plan to settle the arrears up till May10
[_sic_], within a reasonable timeframe”.[note: 9] On 25 June 2010, Orchard
Central requested for a response from Cupid Jewels “to move forward in this
discussion”.[note: 10] On the same day, Cupid Jewels replied stating that it
would have to revert the next week as its directors were outstation.[note: 11]

9 On 13 July 2010, Cupid Jewels sent an email requesting for the payment of
rental arrears to commence in August 2010 in 24 monthly instalments.[note: 12]
On 27 July 2010, Orchard Central replied stating as follows (“the 27 July 2010
Email”):[note: 13]

We have reviewed your request comprehensively and regret that we are unable to
agree to your request of payment of your outstanding arrears in 24 months. We
have reviewed, and request that all the arrears be paid by 31 December 2010.

We look forward to your installment plans, afterwhich, we can move our
discussion forward.

10 On 29 July 2010, Cupid Jewels sent an email acknowledging receipt of the 27
July 2010 Email and notified Orchard Central that it would revert after
meeting with its owners who were outstation at that time.[note: 14] From 29
July 2010 to 5 August 2010, the parties continued to correspond in relation to
the provision of audited sales reports and sales statements.[note: 15]

The applications filed

11 On 6 August 2010, Orchard Central filed an _ex parte_ application in the
High Court for a Writ of Distress for the sum of $891,507.99 (being the
outstanding rent for the period between August 2009 to August 2010) under s 5
of the Distress Act (Cap 84, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).[note: 16] This was
granted by an Assistant Registrar (“AR”). That same day, pursuant to Writ of
Distress No 2 of 2010[note: 17], the sheriff seized goods found on the
Premises comprising 579 pieces of jewellery (“the Distrained Jewellery”),
furniture, displays and office equipment.[note: 18]

12 On 16 August 2010, Cupid Jewels filed an application for the release of the
Distrained Jewellery under s 16 of the Act.[note: 19] On 19 August 2010,
Forever Jewels filed a separate application for the release of the Distrained
Jewellery under s 10 of the Act.[note: 20] These applications were eventually
heard together.

The decision below

13 The Judge dismissed Cupid Jewels’ application on the following grounds:

(a) The fact of the negotiations were material and should have been disclosed,
but on balance, this omission did not justify setting aside the Writ of
Distress (see the Judgment at [20]–[29]).

(b) The conditions under s 5 of the Act were satisfied as:

(i) Cupid Jewels was obliged to pay the full sum of $891,507.99 under the
Lease Agreement (see the Judgment at [30]–[36]); and

(ii) The relevant period of rent did not exceed 12 months (see the Judgment at
[37]–[39]).

(c) Cupid Jewels failed to prove detriment and reliance and thus could not
invoke the doctrine of promissory estoppel (see the Judgment at [40]–[54]).

(d) The Distrained Jewellery did not fall within s 8(_d_) of the Act and were
thus not exempt from seizure (see the Judgment at [55]–[74]).

14 The Judge dismissed Forever Jewel’s application as well, for the following
reasons:

(a) Forever Jewels failed to prove that Orchard Central had actual knowledge
that the Distrained Jewellery belonged to it (see the Judgment at [77]–[79]).

(b) The doctrine of reputed ownership in s 12(_a_) of the Act applied to
preclude the release under s 10 of the same (see the Judgment at [80]–[86]).

Issues before this Court

15 The issues before this Court in the present appeals are substantially the
same as those before the Judge below, namely:

(a) CA 32:

(i) non-disclosure of material facts before the AR;

(ii) the conditions in s 5(1) of the Act;

(iii) promissory estoppel; and

(iv) exemption from seizure under s 8(_d_) of the Act.

(b) CA 33:

(i) the conditions in s 12(_a_) of the Act; and

(ii) the conditions in s 10(2) of the Act.

Cupid Jewels’ appeal in CA 32

16 We turn first to the issues that arose in Cupid Jewels’ appeal in CA 32.

Non-disclosure of material facts before the AR

17 The Judge rejected Cupid Jewels’ preliminary point that an even higher
level of disclosure should apply to _ex parte_ applications for a Writ of
Distress (see the Judgment at [22]). He held that the general principles
governing _ex parte_ applications were applicable, and, upon applying these
principles, concluded that the negotiations between the parties as to the
repayment of rental arrears were material and should have been disclosed
before the AR (see the Judgment at [24]–[26]). However, upon balancing Orchard
Central’s culpability and the gravity of the omission with the potential
prejudice that might have been suffered by Cupid Jewels as a result of the
omission, the Judge found that it would be entirely disproportionate to set
aside the Writ of Distress, and thus exercised his discretion not to do so
(see the Judgment at [27]–[29]).

18 Cupid Jewels appealed against the Judge’s decision not to set aside the
Writ of Distress. It contended, in the main, that a higher level of disclosure
ought to apply for Writs of Distress, and that the Judge erred in his analysis
of the alleged prejudice that Orchard Central’s non-disclosure caused to it.

19 Not only did we reject Cupid Jewels’ assertion that a higher level of
disclosure ought to apply for Writs of Distress, we were of the view that the
doctrine of full and frank disclosure does not apply to _ex parte_
applications for Writs of Distress in the manner and extent that it ordinarily
does in other _ex parte_ applications generally. Pursuant to O 75 r 2(1) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”), in an _ex parte_
application for a Writ of Distress, a landlord is obliged to disclose the
following specific information set out in Form 198 of Appendix A to the ROC:

AFFIDAVIT IN SUPPORT OF APPLICATION FOR DISTRESS  
---  
(Title as in action) I, of , do make oath (or affirm) and say that I am the
landlord (or his attorney or duly authorised agent) and that (the defendant)
is justly indebted to in the sum of dollars ($ ) being arrears of rent of the
premises No. Singapore due for months from the day of 20 to the day of 20 at
the rate of Dollars ($ ) a month payable in advance (arrears) on the day of
each month (less the sum of Dollars ($ ) paid to account). Sworn (or affirmed)
as in Form 78.  
  
  

Beyond this, a landlord is only under a duty to disclose the fact of any
_crystallised_ dispute between the parties as to whether the right to distress
has in fact arisen. In other words, while we hold that there is a duty of
disclosure in an _ex parte_ application for a Writ of Distress, the scope of
this duty in this particular context is less onerous that the duty of full and
frank disclosure in other _ex parte_ applications generally.

20 We take this position having regard to the unique nature of Writs of
Distress. The remedy of distress has its origins in England as a common law
self-help remedy that did not require the leave or authority of the court (see
Lye Lin Heng, _Landlord and Tenant_ (Butterworths, 1990) at p 190). This
remedy of distress was adopted in Singapore but adapted by being placed under
the general supervision of the courts via s 5 of the Act and its predecessor
provisions. We will now briefly trace the history of s 5 of the Act to better
explain this point.

21 The Act has its roots in the Indian Act XXIX of 1866 (“1866 Indian Act”).
The Courts Amendment No 2 Ordinance (Ordinance No V of 1874) subsequently
conferred jurisdiction to the Summary Side of the Supreme Court at Singapore
and Penang, on the abolition of the Courts of Requests at these Settlements.
Portions of the 1866 Indian Act were later repealed by the Straits Settlements
Distress Bill 1876 (“the 1876 Bill”), which was tabled to adopt the amendments
that India made to the 1866 Indian Act via the Indian Act No 1 of 1875, in
particular, the placement of the remedy of distress under the supervision of
local courts regardless of the amount in issue. The following excerpt from the
“Objects and Reasons” commentary of the 1876 Bill is instructive in this
regard:

The existing local law for Distresses for Rent is to be found in the Indian
Act XXIX of 1866, an Act passed for the purpose of improving the jurisdiction
of the Courts of Requests. By this Act the right of issuing Distress Warrants
for arrears of rent not exceeding $50 is confined to the Courts of Requests,
and Sections 2 to 8 and Section 29 relate to such Distresses. These Sections,
which are taken from the Calcutta Distress Act, VII of 1847, appoint bailiffs
and officers, direct how Distress Warrants are to issue, how property is to be
seized and sold, and provide for the costs of the distress. Ordinance V of
1874 gave the jurisdiction to the Summary Side of the Supreme Court at
Singapore and Penang, on the abolition of the Courts of Requests at those
Settlements.

It is proposed now to extend the jurisdiction to arrears of rent beyond $50,
and generally to improve and declare the law; which, in many respects is
obscure, depending on Acts of Parliament (some of them extending as far back
as the reign of Henry III.) which are supposed to be in force, or partly in
force, in the Colony.

The Indian Legislature has recently consolidated the law of distress in Act
No. 1 of 1875, the provisions of which Act are included in the present Bill.

The English law of distress for rent is very peculiar, inasmuch as it
virtually allows the owner of property to be his own Judge and Sheriff in
collecting his rents. The Courts have therefore been zealous to exact extreme
care and precaution on the part of those employed in levying the distresses,
hence the complications in the law. _Where, however, as is intended here, the
system is to be changed, and its working is to be placed under the supervision
of the Courts, it seems that such strict rules are no longer necessary;
consequently the present Bill is drafted so as to remove much of the technical
difficulty attending the process of distress as used in England._

_Placing the execution of Distress Warrants under the sanction of the law, to
be executed by Court officers, instead of allowing the parties to act for
themselves, is a measure which is in favour of the public;_ and there are
strong reasons why, not merely Distress Warrants under $50 should be required
to be issued by a Court, but that all Distress Warrants should be issued by
the Courts, and be served by public officers, under the supervision of the
Courts. _It is proposed, therefore, to follow the example of the Indian
Legislature in Act I of 1875, and to prohibit any Distress, except under
warrant issued by the Courts, Sections 1 and 2._

[emphasis added]

22 To that end, cl 8 of the 1876 Bill provided as follows:

**8.—I**. The Court may thereupon issue a warrant, returnable within six days,
to the effect of the form in the Schedule C, addressed to any one of the
bailiffs of the Court.

II. _The Court may_ , **_at its discretion_** _, upon examination of the
persons applying for such warrant, decline to issue the same_.

III. When no Judge of the Supreme Court, on its Summary Side, is present in
Court, or in Chambers, or where the Judge is otherwise engaged, such warrants
may be issued by the Registrar of the Supreme Court, and at Malacca by a
Deputy Registrar, subject to such Rules and Orders, if any, as may be made
under Section 32.

[emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

23 While the wording of cl 8(II) of the 1876 Bill envisaged an element of
discretion as regards the grant of a Warrant of Distress, the following
excerpt from the “Objects and Reasons” section of the 1876 Bill suggested that
there was in fact not much discretion involved:

_As the issue of distress warrants is, generally speaking_ , **_a matter not
involving much judicial discretion_** , and as applications for such warrants
are made at all hours, it is proposed, in Clause III of Section 8, to allow
the Regitrars [_sic_] to grant such warrants, when a Judge of the Supreme
Court is not available. [emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

24 The 1876 Bill went through some amendments, but none of these were
discussed in the Legislative Council meetings. Section 8 of the Distress
Ordinance No XIV of 1876 (“the 1876 Ordinance”) eventually read as follows:

**8**.—I. The Court may thereupon issue a warrant, returnable within six days,
to the effect of the form in the Schedule C, addressed to any one of the
bailiffs of the Court.

II. _The Court may_ , **_at its discretion_** _, upon examination of the
persons applying for such warrant, decline to issue the same_** _._**

III. Warrants may be issued by a Judge of the Supreme Court, or by the
Registrar or Deputy Registrar, and the Court shall from time to time, by
orders to be made under Section 32, make such regulations as may be necessary
for the issue of warrants, whether by a Judge or by such Registrar or Deputy
Registrar.

…

[emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

It is evident that cl 8(II) of the 1876 Bill remained unaltered, while cl
8(III) was amended slightly. The element of discretion in cl 8(II) remained.

25 The 1876 Ordinance was subsequently abrogated by Chapter XXXIII of the
Civil Procedure Code 1907 (Ordinance XXXI of 1907) (“CPC 1907”). The
equivalent provision of s 8 of the 1876 Ordinance was s 724 of the CPC 1907,
which was passed by the Legislative Council without any material amendment.
Section 724 of the CPC 1907 read as follows:

**724**. _The Judge may order a writ to be issued_ , **_or he may refuse the
application_**. If a writ is issued, it shall be returnable within six days,
and shall be in the Form in the First Schedule, with such variations as
circumstances may require. [emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

The element of discretion in s 8(II) of the 1876 Ordinance (see [24] above)
appeared to have remained via the phrase “or he may refuse the application” in
s 724 of the CPC 1907.

26 In 1934, the CPC 1907 was split up into its constituent segments, with the
Legislative Council expressing the intention that the new Ordinances very
closely follow the existing provisions of the law (see the further discussion
in [56]–[70] below). Section 724 of the CPC 1907 eventually became s 5 of the
Distress Ordinance (Ordinance No 28 of 1934) (“the 1934 Ordinance”), which
reads as follows:

**5.—(I**) A landlord or his agent duly authorised in writing may apply _ex
parte_ to a Judge for an order for the issue of a writ, to be called a writ of
distress, for the recovery of rent due or payable to the landlord by a tenant
of any premises for a period not exceeding twelve completed months of the
tenancy immediately preceding the date of the application; **_and the Judge
may make such order accordingly_**. [emphasis added in bold italics]

27 Section 5 of the 1934 Ordinance remained materially unchanged through the
subsequent Ordinances and Acts. It is _in pari materia_ with s 5 of the Act
which reads:

**5**.—(1) A landlord or his agent duly authorised in writing may apply ex
parte to a judge or registrar for an order for the issue of a writ, to be
called a writ of distress, for the recovery of rent due or payable to the
landlord by a tenant of any premises for a period not exceeding 12 completed
months of the tenancy immediately preceding the date of the application;
**_and the judge or registrar may make such order accordingly_**. [emphasis
added in bold italics]

For completeness, we should also mention that s 5 of the Act is, in turn, _in
pari materia_ with s 5 of the Distress Act (Cap 84, 2013 Rev Ed) that recently
came into effect on 30 November 2013.

28 It is evident from the above history of s 5 of the Act that there was a
deliberate imposition of a layer of judicial oversight over the remedy of
distress, and this element of judicial discretion has persisted through the
provisions. As such, the court’s role in an application for a Writ of Distress
must be more than just purely ministerial in nature. Otherwise, such judicial
oversight will be rendered meaningless. That having been said, the role of the
court in an application for a Writ of Distress was not intended to be as
extensive as that in other _ex parte_ applications generally. It will be
recalled that the remedy of distress originated as an entirely _self-help_
remedy in England _founded upon the landlord’s rights of ownership over his
land_. It was probably for this reason that the official introduction to the
1876 Bill observed that “the issue of distress warrants is, generally
speaking, _a matter not involving much judicial discretion_ ” [emphasis added]
(see [23] above).

29 We therefore think it fit that the landlord’s duty to disclose facts beyond
those required in Form 198 of Appendix A to the ROC extends _only_ to any
crystallised dispute between the parties as to whether the landlord’s right to
distress has in fact arisen. This, in our view, strikes a balance between
ensuring adequate protection for tenants on the one hand, while on the other
hand ensuring that the costs of such a straightforward application founded
upon the landlord’s _prima facie_ right in land are not unduly increased by
the onerous duty of full and frank disclosure necessary in other _ex parte_
applications such as injunctions, arrests and search orders. We should add
that a fairly large number of distress applications are made and most of them
are routine in nature. An extensive general duty of disclosure does not sit
well with the architecture of our distress regime and would unnecessarily add
to the complexity and costs of making such applications. In addition, it is
always open to the tenant to apply to the court to set aside a Writ of
Distress for good reason. The grant of the Writ of Distress upon the
landlord’s _ex parte_ application is not the be all and end all of the matter.

30 Turning now to the facts of the present case, there was in our view no
crystallised dispute between the parties as to whether Orchard Central’s right
to distress had in fact arisen. Cupid Jewels’ case was premised upon an
alleged promissory estoppel which operated to bar Orchard Central from acting
upon the latter’s rights. And as we will explain in full later (see [39]–[42]
below), there was simply no evidence of a clear and unequivocal representation
on the part of Orchard Central that it would not insist on its strict legal
position. Put simply, Orchard Central’s right to rent due and payable, and its
consequent right to distress, were not known by Orchard Central to be disputed
when it made its application for distress. That being the case, there was no
duty on the part of Orchard Central to give any narrative of the negotiations
to the AR. We would therefore respectfully disagree with the Judge that
Orchard Central had breached its duty of disclosure. We would, however, affirm
the Judge’s ultimate decision that the Writ of Distress should not be set
aside, albeit for different reasons.

The conditions in s 5(1) of the Act

31 We now turn to Cupid Jewels’ contention that s 5 of the Act was not
satisfied. The said provision reads as follows:

**Application for writ of distress**

**5.—(1**) A landlord or his agent duly authorised in writing may apply ex
parte to a judge or registrar for an order for the issue of a writ, to be
called a writ of distress, for the recovery of **_rent due or payable_** to
the landlord by a tenant of any premises for a **_period not exceeding 12
completed months_** of the tenancy immediately preceding the date of the
application; and the judge or registrar may make such order accordingly.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Cupid Jewels argued below and before us that: (a) the rent in issue in the
Writ of Distress was not “due or payable”; and (b) the period in question for
which rent was claimed exceeded 12 months. In these circumstances, Cupid
Jewels argued, the Writ of Distress was invalid and should have been set
aside.

32 We rejected these arguments for the same reasons as the Judge. Cupid
Jewels’ legal obligation to pay the _full_ rental without demand under the
Lease Agreement had not been extinguished or varied since the offer for the
rental rebates had not been accepted. The full sum was due and payable
notwithstanding that the amount of percentage rent had not been determined,
because the obligation to pay the base rent as the minimum rental sum arose on
the first day of each calendar month (with the percentage rent for that month
calculated and the relevant adjustments made thereafter). To construe
otherwise would render cl 1.2(b) of the Lease Agreement superfluous. We also
accepted that the total sum claimed did not exceed 12 months’ rent. The
discrepancy was satisfactorily explained by Orchard Central on account of its
computer-generated Statement of Accounts that could not be manually altered.

33 In the circumstances, we fully affirmed the Judge’s finding at [34]–[36]
and [38]–[39] of the Judgment that there were no irregularities in the Writ of
Distress so as to render it void or invalid. We accordingly also dismissed
Cupid Jewels’ arguments on this point.

Promissory estoppel

34 We now turn to Cupid Jewels’ attempt to invoke the doctrine of promissory
estoppel.

35 The Judge below found that this defence was not made out. As a preliminary
point, the Judge held that there was no reason why the doctrine of promissory
estoppel cannot apply to a statutorily conferred right as long as there was a
pre-existing legal relationship between the parties (at [42]–[43] of the
Judgment). Overall, however, the Judge found that the doctrine of promissory
estoppel was not made out because of his findings on the substantive elements
of the doctrine, _viz_ , representation, reliance and detriment:

(a) Representation: A sufficiently clear representation that Orchard Central
would not insist on its strict legal remedies to recover the full rental
arrears _could_ be inferred (see the Judgment at [46]).

(b) Detriment: The principles on detriment in the law of proprietary estoppel
should not be imported into the law of promissory estoppel as there is no
unified legal principle at this stage (see the Judgment at [48]). The cases
_Lam Chi Kin David v Deutsche Bank AG_ [2010] 2 SLR 896 and _Lam Chi Kin David
v Deutsche Bank AG_ [2011] 1 SLR 800 did _not_ remove the requirement for the
inquiry into detriment in the sense of prejudice in some broad form (see the
Judgment at [48]–[49]).

(c) Reliance: On the facts, Cupid Jewels failed to prove that it had, in
reliance of Orchard Central’s representation, suffered detriment in:

(i) the narrow sense by remaining on the Premises, continuing to operate its
business and making future plans for the business (see the Judgment at [51]);
and

(ii) the broad sense by refraining from making immediate arrangements for full
repayment of the rental arrears (see the Judgment at [52]–[53]).

36 We turn first to the preliminary issue of whether the doctrine of
promissory estoppel can in principle apply to a statutorily conferred right.
In its Respondent’s Case, Orchard Central relied on the Privy Council case of
_Kok Hoong v Leong Cheong Kweng Mines Ltd_ [1964] AC 933 (“ _Kok Hoong_ ”),
cited by Tan Lee Meng J in _Joshua Steven v Joshua Deborah Steven and others_
[2004] 4 SLR(R) 403 (“ _Joshua Steven_ ”), for the proposition that the
doctrine of promissory estoppel should not apply in the present case in
defiance of the Act, particularly since _Supreme Holdings Ltd v Sheriff
(Supreme Court of Singapore) and another_ [1985–1986] SLR(R) 596 confirmed
that the Act conferred a special status upon landlords by providing them with
a special remedy.

37 In our view, Orchard Central’s reliance on _Kok Hoong_ and _Joshua Steven_
was misplaced. In _Joshua Steven_ , the property concerned was subject to the
Residential Property Act (Cap 274, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the RPA”) which expressly
restricted the rights of foreigners to acquire an interest in the property in
issue. It was within this specific context that Tan J held that a party cannot
rely on estoppel in defiance of a statute, because as explained by Viscount
Radcliffe in _Kok Hoong_ , there are (_Joshua Steven_ at [15]):

… rules that preclude a court from allowing an estoppel, if to do so would be
to _act in the face of a statute_ and to give recognition through the
admission of one of the parties to a _state of affairs which the law has
positively declared not to subsist_. [emphasis added]

Whether or not an estoppel can be applied depends on whether allowing it would
act “in the face of a statute” and to effectively allow “a state of affairs
which the law has positively declared not to subsist”. The purported estoppel
in _Joshua Steven_ clearly fell within this scope since the RPA expressly
imposed an _express prohibition_ against the very thing which the estoppel, if
recognised, would result in (_ie_ , a foreigner having beneficial interest in
property restricted under the RPA).

38 In contrast, in the present case, the Act did not _require_ a Writ of
Distress to be applied for and executed whenever the conditions of s 5(1) are
satisfied. The use of the word “may” in s 5 of the Act which provided that
“[a] landlord or his agent duly authorised in writing _may_ apply ex parte to
a judge or registrar for an order for the issue of a [Writ of Distress]”
[emphasis added] indicated that the Act was merely _permissive_ and not
mandatory. That the Act conferred on landlords a special status by way of the
special remedy of distress did not necessarily mean that recognising an
estoppel would be in defiance of the Act. There being no legal basis to
preclude the application of the doctrine of promissory estoppel in the present
case, we accordingly affirmed the Judge’s holding on this preliminary point.

39 While we agreed with the Judge that a promissory estoppel could in
principle arise to bar a statutorily conferred right, we disagreed with his
finding as regards the first element of that doctrine, _viz_ , representation.
Contrary to what the Judge found, we were of the view that there was in fact
_no_ clear and unequivocal representation by Orchard Central that it would not
enforce its legal rights under the Lease Agreement. While the parties were
certainly negotiating over the rental rebates and repayment arrangements,
there was nothing in the correspondence between the parties that evinced a
representation that was sufficiently of the character necessary to invoke the
equitable doctrine of promissory estoppel. On appeal, Cupid Jewels sought to
characterise the 27 July 2010 Email as an offer for all arrears to be paid by
31 December 2010, and that this offer was still open at the time of Orchard
Central’s application for the Writ of Distress. We disagreed with such a
characterisation. The 27 July 2010 Email was simply too uncertain to be an
offer and was, at best, a mere invitation to treat. Even if this email was an
offer (which we did not find), the fact remained that there was no clear and
unequivocal representation by Orchard Central _that it would not enforce its
legal rights_.

40 In addition, the non-waiver clause in cl 4.4 of the Lease Agreement
provided as follows:

No waiver expressed or implied by the Landlord of any breach of any covenant
or obligation of the Tenant shall be construed as a waiver of any other beach
of the same or any other covenant or obligation and shall not prejudice in any
way the rights and remedies of the Landlord herein contained and any
acceptance of Rent or any part thereof or other moneys shall not be deemed to
operate as a waiver by the Landlord of any right to proceed against the Tenant
in respect of any of its obligations hereunder.

We should clarify that the doctrine of waiver is fundamentally different from
that of promissory estoppel (see the observations of Lord Goff of Chieveley in
_Motor Oil Hellas (Corinth) Refineries SA v Shipping Corporation of India
(‘The Kanchenjunga’)_ [1990] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 391 at 399 which was followed in
_Kosmar Villa Holidays Plc v Trustees of Syndicate 1243_ [2008] EWCA Civ 147
and _Persimmon Homes (South Coast) Ltd v Hall Aggregates (South Coast) Ltd_
[2009] EWCA Civ 1108). Nevertheless, a non-waiver clause is a relevant albeit
not determinative factor as a matter of evidence in the inquiry as to whether
there had been a sufficiently clear and unequivocal promise as to rights being
foregone for the purposes of a promissory estoppel (see Sean Wilken QC and
Karim Ghaly, _The Law of Waiver, Variation, and Estoppel_ (Oxford University
Press, 3rd Ed, 2012) at para 8.15). The crux of the matter is ultimately that
of the parties’ intentions, objectively construed. We found that the non-
waiver clause evinced an agreement that any form of indulgence granted by
Orchard Central in respect of any breach of the Lease Agreement by Cupid
Jewels would not prejudice Orchard Central’s rights to take action against
Cupid Jewels. There was no evidence before us that this agreement was intended
to be departed from. Even if the non-waiver clause in cl 4.4 of the Lease
Agreement did not exist, we would still have found that there was no clear and
unequivocal representation by Orchard Central that it would not enforce its
legal rights under the Lease Agreement as there was simply no evidence of
this.

41 Ultimately, that Cupid Jewels was under a (false) sense of security arising
from Orchard Central’s initial forbearance and that Cupid Jewels conducted
itself according to that self-perceived assurance did not detract from the
fact that, as pointed out in [39] above, _no representation giving rise to a
promissory estoppel was ever made_. We noted that Cupid Jewels had repeatedly
failed to revert on its instalment plan which was the _key_ for the parties to
move their discussions forward. Then 1 August 2010 came around and Cupid
Jewels again failed to keep the rent current as required under the Lease
Agreement. This default was the proverbial straw that broke the camel’s back
causing Orchard Central to lose its patience and to take action to apply for
the Writ of Distress to protect its interests. This was done without giving
any notice to Cupid Jewels for the obvious and understandable reason that
Cupid Jewels would otherwise have been able to remove everything valuable from
the Premises, which would have defeated the whole point of the Writ of
Distress.

42 To sum up, there was no clear and unequivocal representation by Orchard
Central that it would not enforce its legal rights under the Lease Agreement.
Since this was one of the three mandatory elements for a promissory estoppel
to arise, it was not necessary for us to consider the other elements of
detriment and reliance, and we accordingly dismissed Cupid Jewel’s case in
this regard on this first basis alone.

Exemption from seizure under s 8(d) of the Act

43 We now turn to the issue of whether the Distrained Jewellery was exempted
from seizure pursuant to s 8(_d_) of the Act, which provides as follows:

**Property exempted from seizure**

**8**. Property seizable under a writ of distress shall not include—

…

(_d_) _goods in the possession of the tenant for the purpose of being carried,
wrought, worked up, or otherwise dealt with in the course of his ordinary
trade or business …_

[emphasis added]

44 To provide the context of our decision on this issue, it would be useful to
first set out in chronological order the salient points of the history of s
8(_d_) of the Act.

45 The trade privilege in s 8(_d_) of the Act finds its roots in the common
law. The common law trade privilege was laid down in the following terms by
Willes CJ in _Nathaniel Simpson v Chiverton Hartopp_ (1744) 125 ER 1295 (“
_Simpson_ ”) at 1297 as encompassing:

Things delivered to a person exercising a public trade to be carried wrought
worked up or managed in the way of his trade or employ.

(a) The common law trade privilege subsequently developed in a piecemeal
fashion in the UK to include mercantile factors (see _Gilman v Elton_ (1821)
129 ER 1211 (“ _Gilman_ ”)) and auctioneers (see _Adams v Grane and Osborne_
(1833) 149 ER 447 (“ _Adams_ ”)) under the limb of “managed in the way of his
trade or employ”.

46 As alluded to earlier in [21] above, the local law on distress before 1876
was found in the 1866 Indian Act. In 1876, the law on distress as found in the
1866 Indian Act was subsequently consolidated and amended via the enactment of
the 1876 Ordinance. Section 10(II)(_g_) of the 1876 Ordinance was a
substantively faithful codification of the common law trade privilege as
formulated in _Simpson_. It provided as follows:

**10.** …

II. The bailiff shall not seize —

…

(_g_) goods delivered to a person exercising a public trade, to be carried,
wrought, worked up or managed in the way of his trade or employ.

47 The 1876 Ordinance was subsequently abrogated by Chapter XXXIII CPC 1907.
The CPC 1907 re-enacted s 10(II)(_g_) of the 1876 Ordinance in its entirety in
s 725(2)(_g_).

48 Then came the enactment of the 1934 Ordinance which enacted (with
amendments) the existing provisions on distress in the CPC 1907, together with
the inclusion of new statutory provisions drawn from the UK Law of Distress
Amendment Act 1908 (c 53) (“the 1908 English Act”). Section 10(II)g of the
1876 Ordinance, which became s 725(2)(g) of the CPC 1907, was now amended to
read as follows in s 8(_d_) of the 1934 Ordinance:

**8**. Property seizable under a writ of distress shall not include—

…

(_d_) goods in the possession of the tenant for the purpose of being carried,
wrought, worked up, or otherwise dealt with in the course of his ordinary
trade or business …

Section 8(_d_) of the 1934 Ordinance has remained unchanged since and remains
in this form in s 8(_d_) of the Act.

49 Having set out the relevant history of s 8(_d_) of the Act, we now turn to
set out the Judge’s reasoning. The Judge identified the following three
possible constructions of the phrase “otherwise dealt with” in s 8(_d_) of the
Act (see the Judgment at [64]):

(a) first, this might be synonymous with “manage” under the common law trade
privilege (“the 1st Interpretation”);

(b) second, this might be a catch-all provision encompassing _any_ alternative
form of dealing with goods in the ordinary course of the tenant’s trade or
business (“the 2nd Interpretation”); or

(c) third, this might be read within its immediate context as referring to
particular modes of dealing similar to “carried, wrought [or] worked up” (“the
3rd Interpretation”).

50 The Judge at [68] of the Judgment rejected the 1st Interpretation on the
basis that: (a) the preamble of the 1934 Ordinance states that it was to “
_amend_ and _re-enact_ the law relating to distress for rent” [emphasis in
original]; and (b) the language used in the 1934 Ordinance reflected a
comprehensive statutory framework that modified an archaic common law self-
help remedy, instead of attempting a codification of the nebulous scope of the
trade privilege. The Judge also rejected the 2nd Interpretation at [69] of the
Judgment because in his view, an expansive reading of the phrase “or otherwise
dealt with” would lead to the anomalous result where the tenant’s right to
seek release of a third party’s goods under s 8(_d_) of the Act would be more
extensive than that third party’s right under s 10, even though both
provisions stem from the same fundamental premise that the goods do not belong
to the tenant. The Judge accepted the 3rd Interpretation under the _ejusdem
generis_ canon of construction (see the Judgment at [70]–[71]).

51 The Judge further went on to hold that on the facts of this case,
regardless of whether the agreement between Cupid Jewels and Forever Jewels
was given the legal shade of a consignment or a sale or return arrangement,
the arrangement between them did not plausibly fall within the same genus of
activities as “carried, wrought [or] worked up” since no services were
provided in relation to the Distrained Jewellery and no work was done on or
with them (see the Judgment at [70]–[72]). The Judge added that even if the
1st Interpretation was the correct interpretation of s 8(_d_) of the Act,
Cupid Jewels had failed to prove that it was akin to a mercantile factor for
the said privilege to apply (see the Judgment at [73]).

52 Cupid Jewels did not appeal against the Judge’s interpretation of s 8(_d_)
of the Act, but it appealed against the Judge’s application of the law to the
facts. We agreed with the conclusion reached by the Judge that Cupid Jewels
was unable to rely on s 8(_d_) of the Act, but we differed in our reasoning.
In particular, we disagreed with the 3rd Interpretation that was adopted by
the Judge. We were of the view that the 1st Interpretation should have been
adopted instead. We explain our reasoning in more detail below.

53 From the historical background set out in [44]–[48] above, it is evident
that the wording of the statutory trade privilege was more than cosmetically
amended when s 8(_d_) of 1934 Ordinance was enacted. The old s 10(II)(_g_) of
the 1876 Ordinance (which remained the same in s 725(_g_) of the CPC 1907) and
s 8(_d_) of the 1934 Ordinance are juxtaposed in the table below for
comparison:

Section 10(II)(_g_) of the 1876 Ordinance and s 725(g) of the CPC 1907 |  S 8(_d_) of the 1934 Ordinance  
---|---  
**10.** —… II. The bailiff shall not seize — … (_g_) goods _delivered to_ a person _exercising a public trade_ , to be carried, wrought, worked up **_or managed in the way of his trade or employ_**. |  Property exempted from seizure **8**. Property seizable under a writ of distress shall not include— … (_d_) goods _in the possession of_ the tenant for the purpose of being carried, wrought, worked up, **__or__**** _otherwise dealt with in the course of his ordinary trade or business …_**  
  
  

54 It is evident that the _three_ key differences in the wording of the
statutory trade privilege were as follows:

(a) The requirement that the tenant be “exercising a public trade” had been
omitted;

(b) The words “delivered to” have now been replaced with “in the possession
of”; and

(c) The words “managed in the way of his trade or employ” have now been
replaced with “or otherwise dealt with in the course of his ordinary trade or
business”.

55 The key question is this – did the above changes reflect an overall
substantive amendment that went _beyond_ a mere codification of the common law
on trade privilege? To answer this, it would be necessary to examine the
background to the amendments made via the 1934 Ordinance (we would point out
that this background was actually not raised before the Judge or before us).

56 On 19 January 1934, the Distress Bill (“the 1934 Distress Bill”) was
introduced in the Straits Settlements Government Gazette. Clause 8(_d_) of the
1934 Bill provided as follows:

**8**. Property seizable under a writ of distress shall not include—

…

(_d_) goods _in the possession of_ the tenant for the purpose of being
carried, wrought, worked up, **_or otherwise dealt with in the course of his
ordinary trade or business_** …

[emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

At the end of the 1934 Distress Bill, the following was stated:

OBJECTS AND REASONS.

This Bill is one of the series prepared to replace the Civil Procedure Code
(Ordinance No. 102) and amends and re-enacts as a separate Ordinance the law
relating to Distress for Rent.

_The Clauses of the Bill are based on existing sections of the Civil Procedure
Code except Clauses 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 which are adapted from the law in
England._

[emphasis added]

57 The 1934 Distress Bill was to be passed together with eight other Bills
which all used to be part of the consolidated CPC 1907. On 12 February 1934,
in begging to move that the first of these nine Bills be read for the first
time, the then Attorney-General Mr P A McElwaine KC (“Mr McElwaine KC”)
explained as follows (see the Supplement to the Straits Settlements Government
Gazette No 23 (published on 16 March 1934) at p 11):

**The Attorney-General** :—Sir, this Bill and the eight which follow it on the
Orders of the Day are what I might call a code of Bills which have been
prepared by a Committee consisting of two Judges, a former Acting Attorney-
General, and two members of the Bar Committee. The idea is to replace the
present Courts Ordinance and the Civil Procedure Code by Ordinances which will
be compact in themselves. The Courts Ordinance and the Civil Procedure Code at
the present time between them deal with a variety of subjects, and it has been
thought _more convenient that those Ordinances should be disintegrated into
their component parts, and these nine Bills give effect to that policy. There
is very little that is new in these Bills. They follow very closely the
existing provisions of the law._ [emphasis added]

58 The 1934 Distress Bill was the fourth in the series of the nine Bills to be
read for the first time. When it came to the 1934 Distress Bill, the following
was specifically said (see the Supplement to the Straits Settlements
Government Gazette No 23 (published on 16 March 1934) at p 11):

**The Attorney-General** :—Sir, I beg to move the first reading of a Bill
entitled the Distress Bill. _This also extracts from the Civil Procedure Code
the parts relating to distress, with certain amendments adapted from the Law
of Distress Amendment Act, 1908._

**The Colonial Secretary** :—Sir, I rise to second the motion.

The Bill was read a first time.

59 On 16 April 1934, the 1934 Distress Bill was read for the second time, but
cl 8 was not discussed (see the Supplement to the Straits Settlements
Government Gazette No 43 (published on 18 May 1934) at p 52).

60 On 28 May 1934, the 1934 Distress Bill was read for the third time, and cl
8 was passed without any discussion and any amendment (see the Supplement to
the Straits Settlements Government Gazette No 70 (published on 6 July 1934) at
p 77):

**The Acting Attorney-General** :—Sir, this Bill was left in Committee at the
last meeting of Council. I now move that the Council do resolve itself into
Committee to consider the remaining clauses of the Bill.

Council in Committee.

_Clauses 3 to 9 are passed without amendment._

…

**The Acting Attorney-General** :—Sir, I have to report that the Distress Bill
has been considered in Committee and passed with amendments.

I move that it be read a third time and passed.

**…**

The motion was agreed to, and the Bill was read a third time and passed.

[emphasis added]

61 The relevant legislative materials pertaining to s 8(_d_) of the 1934
Ordinance clearly indicate that the Legislative Council intended for this
provision to be the same as its predecessor. The question that then arises is:
why then was there a change in the wording that went beyond the cosmetic? A
closer look at the then ongoing development of the common law trade privilege
in our view provides the answer to this question. In a nutshell, s 8(_d_) of
the 1934 Ordinance was intended to be the same as its predecessor provision in
that it was to continue to be a codification of the common law trade
privilege. However, what actually happened was that the common law trade
privilege had _developed_ in the interim period, and thus when s 8(_d_) of the
1934 Ordinance was enacted, the wording was amended to reflect the state of
the common law trade privilege _as it then stood_.

62 We elaborate on this point in the specific context of the three key changes
in wording that we identified in [54] above. Turning to the first of the three
key changes, namely, the omission of the requirement that the tenant be
“exercising a public trade”. The following passage from _Woodfall’s Law of
Landlord and Tenant_ (Kim Lewison gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Looseleaf Ed 1994,
Release 27) (“ _Woodfall_ ”) at para 9.052 illustrates how wide and
unprincipled the expansion of the definition of “public trade” became over
time through the piecemeal development of the common law:

**Trade must be public**

In order to attract privilege, the trade carried on must be public. This means
that the trade must be one in which the trader invites the public to intrust
him with their goods [see _Tapling & Co v Weston_ (1883) Cab & El 99]; **or**
one carried on generally for the benefit of any persons who choose to avail
themselves of it, as opposed to special employment by one or particular
individuals [see _Muspratt v Gregory_ (1836) 1 M & W 633 _per_ Parke B
(dissenting)].

Obvious examples of a public trade are a common carrier [see _Gisbourn v
Hurst_ (1710) 1 Salk 249] or an innkeeper [see _Crosier v Tomkinson_ (1759) 2
Ld Ken 439]. **However** , the concept of a public trade also extends to an
auctioneer [see _Adams v Grane_ (1833) 1 Cr & M 380]; a broker or factor [see
_Gilman v Elton_ (1821) 3 B & B 75]; a butcher [_see Brown v Shevill_ (1834) 2
Ad & El 138]; a clothier [see Read v Burley (1597) Cr Eliz 596]; a commission
agent [see _Findon v M’Laren_ (1845) 6 QB 891]; a pawnbroker [see _Swire v
Leach_ (1865) 18 CB (NS) 479]; a wharfinger [see _Thompson v Mashiter_ (1823)
1 Bing 283]; a weaver.

The occupation of an artist is not a public trade [_Van Knoop v Moss and
Jameson_ (1891) 7 TLR 500]. Although a sales agency is capable of being a
public trade, it is not a public trade where only two principals are
represented [_Tapling & Co v Weston_ (1883) Cab & El 99].

[emphasis added in bold]

63 The meaning of “exercising a public trade” expanded so much over time that
it eventually became meaningless and otiose as a matter of practice. In
addition, the advent of professions in society (such as artists, barristers
_etc_) made the continued emphasis on public trade alone unprincipled. After
all, the fundamental rationale undergirding the privilege was to exclude from
distrainment goods which belonged to third parties and which no one would
suppose was the property of the tenant. The omission of the requirement that
the tenant be “exercising a public trade” in the 1934 Ordinance therefore did
_not_ go beyond the common law. It merely codified the common law in its
subsisting state in 1934.

64 Next, we turn to the second key amendment where the words “delivered to”
were replaced with “in the possession of”. This in our view similarly
reflected the developments made in the common law which clarified that it was
the tenant’s possession of the relevant goods and not the location where the
goods were delivered to _per se_ that was crucial for the privilege to attach.
The following passage in _Woodfall_ at para 9.053 is instructive:

**Goods must be in possession of trader**

The goods for which privilege is claimed must be in the possession or custody
of the trader. They need not, however, be on the premises from which the trade
is carried on, if they have been deposited elsewhere for temporary storage.
Thus goods landed at a wharf and consigned to a broker as agent of the
consignor, and placed by the broker in the wharfinger’s warehouse for safe
custody pending sale, were not distrainable for the rent of the wharf and
warehouse [see _Thompson v Mashiter_ (1823) 1 Bing 283]. Similarly, corn sent
to a factor for sale, and deposited by him in the warehouse of a granary-
keeper, has the same privilege as if it were deposited into the factor’s own
warehouse [see _Matthias v Mesnard_ (1826) 2 C & P 353].

65 We now turn to the substitution of the words “managed in the way of his
trade or employ” with “or otherwise dealt with in the course of his ordinary
trade or business”. This is the amendment in dispute in the present case. We
agreed with the Judge that there were only three possible interpretations of
the phrase “or otherwise dealt with” (see [49] above). We also agreed with the
Judge then the 2nd Interpretation ought to be rejected for its resultant
anomalous results (see [50] above). We however disagreed that the 3rd
Interpretation should be adopted.

66 Let us compare the 1st and the 3rd Interpretations. Under the 1st
Interpretation (which assumes that the phrase is synonymous with “manage”
under the common law trade privilege), factors, brokers and commission agents
would be afforded the trade privilege under the “managed” limb as confirmed by
cases such as _Gilman_ and _Adams_. It has also been laid down in the common
law that the word “managed” was not limited to “manufactured” (see _Muspratt v
Gregory_ (1836) 150 ER 588 at 593) and should be “taken in a wide sense to
also include, if not to be equivalent to, ‘disposed of’” (see _Challoner v
Robinson_ [1908] 1 Ch 49 at 59). In contrast, under the 3rd Interpretation
(which assumes that the limb “or otherwise dealt with” is _limited_ to
particular modes of dealing with goods _similar_ to “carried, wrought [or]
worked up”), factors, brokers and commission agents would _not_ be afforded
the trade privilege because no work or service is usually done on or in
relation to goods in the possession of a factor. In addition, the meaning of
the phrase “or otherwise dealt with” would be given a _narrow_ meaning under
the _ejusdem generis_ principle of interpretation as it would be restricted to
activities similar to “carried, wrought [or] worked up”. In short, the
privilege under the 3rd Interpretation is significantly _narrower_ than that
under the 1st Interpretation.

67 Having examined the relevant background materials pertaining to the 1934
Ordinance, it was clear to us that the Legislative Council did _not_ intend to
narrow the scope of the privilege. It will be recalled that the “Objects and
Reasons” commentary of the 1934 Distress Bill (reproduced at [56] above)
stated that the Bill was “ _based on_ existing sections of the [CPC 1907]”,
_except for_ “Clauses 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 which are _adapted_ from the law
in England [_ie_ , the 1908 English Act]” [emphasis added]. This point was
reiterated by Mr McElwaine KC when he explained at the first reading of the
1934 Distress Bill that the said Bill “also _extracts from_ the [1907 CPC] the
parts relating to distress, with certain _amendments adapted_ from the [1908
English Act]” [emphasis added] (see [58] above). It will also be recalled that
there were no legislative debates on cl 8(_d_) of the 1934 Distress Bill and
it had been passed without any amendment (see [58]–[60] above). To put it
simply, the 1934 Ordinance was to effectively consist of: (a) the pre-existing
relevant provisions of the CPC 1907; and (b) specific additional provisions
from the 1908 English Act. And specifically in relation to the pre-existing
relevant provisions of the CPC 1907, Mr McElwaine KC stated that it was
thought (see [57] above):

… more convenient that [the CPC 1907] should be disintegrated into [its]
component parts, and these nine Bills give effect to that policy. There is
very little that is new in these Bills. They follow very closely the existing
provisions of the law.

In other words, the Legislative Council had _expressly_ indicated that the
portions of the 1934 Distress Bill which were based upon the CPC 1907 (which
we would point out _include cl 8(_ d _) of the Distress Bill_) were meant to
follow very closely the existing predecessor provisions.

68 The fundamental principle of purposive interpretation under s 9A(1) of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) and the principle that Parliament
would not have removed rights pre-existing in common law if there was no
express provision or clearly evinced intention to the effect (see FAR Bennion,
_Bennion on Statutory Interpretation_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2008) (“ _Bennion_
”) at p 812 cited with approval in _Goldring Timothy Nicholas and others v
Public Prosecutor_ [2013] 3 SLR 487 at [51]) must trump the linguistic
_ejusdem generis_ canon of construction. Unsatisfying and archaic as the
common law trade privilege perhaps was, s 8(_d_) of the 1934 Ordinance _was_
intended to be a codification of it _in the state it was in at the material
time_. The 1934 Ordinance was _not_ intended to narrow the scope of the
privilege.

69 The Judge, with respect, erred in relying on the preamble to the 1934
Ordinance to reach his conclusion that s 8(_d_) of the same was intended to go
beyond the mere codification of the common law. When viewed against the
backdrop of the relevant legislative context (see [67] above), the word
“amend” in the preamble actually referred to the _new amendments_ introduced
by way of adoption of specific provisions of the 1908 English Act, and the
word “re-enact” referred to the _re-enactment_ of the _pre-existing_
provisions in the CPC 1907 (which, it bears emphasising, was where s 8(_d_) of
the 1934 Distress Bill came from).

70 To sum up, the 1st Interpretation is faithful to the legislative intention
behind s 8(_d_) of the 1934 Ordinance (and, by extension, s 8(_d_) of the
present Act) and should therefore have been preferred over all the other
possible interpretations. The phrase “otherwise dealt with” in s 8(_d_) of the
Act should be interpreted in the same way as the word “manage” in the common
law formulation of the trade privilege.

71 Having set out our explanation as to why we differed from the Judge’s
finding on the law, we now turn to the application of the law to the present
facts. The feature common to factors, brokers and commission agents who are
afforded privilege under the “managed” limb of the common law trade privilege
is that of an agency relationship. And as observed in Peter Watts and F M B
Reynolds, _Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency_ (Thomson Reuters (Legal) Limited,
19th Ed, 2010) at para 1-015, a key aspect of an agency relationship is that
of remuneration on a commission basis:

The fiduciary duties [between an agent and principal] lead to another feature
of agency. It is inconsistent with those duties that an agent should act in
respect of his relationship with the principal for his own profit (unless he
discloses this to the principal and the principal consents). His relationship
with his principal is commercially related rather than commercially adverse.
Thus _he should be remunerated by commission in respect of the services he has
rendered and not take his own undisclosed profit as an independent
intermediary_. The commission need not however be related to the value of the
transaction: it can be by a mark-up. But _its essence is that it is not an
independent profit taken by the agent, but rather a fee paid to him by the
principal in return for acting on his behalf._ [emphasis added]

72 In the present case, this key feature was not present in the relationship
between Cupid Jewels and Forever Jewels. The facts set out in the parties’
Statement of Non Contentious Facts illustrate this point:[note: 21]

_Statement of Non Contentious Facts_

1.The arrangement is for Forever Jewels to deliver jewellery to Cupid Jewels
for Cupid Jewells to sell to its customers in retail, and jewellery that
cannot be sold will be returned to Forever Jewels. It is open for Forever
Jewels to require the return of the jewellery upon demand.

2.Upon delivery of the jewellery from Forever Jewels to Cupid Jewels, Cupid
Jewels will reassign the jewellery with Cupid Jewels’ own unique bar coding
and product identification number.

3.Cupid Jewels can set the price of the jewellery independently at their sole
discretion, but will have to account to Forever Jewels for Forever Jewels’
cost price.

4.Also upon delivery of the jewellery from Forever Jewels to Cupid Jewels,
there is nothing visually on the goods as received and displayed in Cupid
Jewels’ Premises that would suggest that Forever Jewels had consigned the
jewellery to Cupid Jewels.

5.In the event of sale by Cupid Jewels to its customers, Cupid Jewels will pay
to Forever Jewels the sum representing the amount charged by Forever Jewels
for the goods … and Cupid Jewels is entitled to retain any profits and bear
loses [_sic_] if any from the sale.

6.Cupid Jewels will deposit all sale proceeds into its own account.

7.Cupid Jewels issued receipts in its own name to its customers who purchase
goods from them.

8.Cupid Jewels insures all the goods in its premises, including the jewellery.

9.Cupid Jewels and Forever Jewels are related parties as described in note 18
of the notes to the financial statements of Cupid Jewels’ audited accounts.

73 On the evidence before us, it was obvious that Cupid Jewels was not an
agent of Forever Jewels in the true sense of the word. In particular, Cupid
Jewels did not sell Forever Jewels’ goods upon commission. The financial
arrangement between Forever Jewels and Cupid Jewels was such that Cupid Jewels
could set the price of the jewellery independently at its sole discretion. It
only had to account to Forever Jewels for the cost price. Other than that,
Cupid Jewels was entitled to retain any profits and had to bear the losses if
any. There was clearly no commission involved.

74 Since Cupid Jewels did not fall within the ambit of the common law
privilege, its reliance on s 8(_d_) of the Act failed and we accordingly
dismissed its appeal in this regard.

Forever Jewels’ appeal in CA 33

75 Having set out our reasons why we dismissed Cupid Jewels’ appeal in CA 32,
we now turn to set out our reasons why we also dismissed Forever Jewels’
appeal in CA 33.

76 Forever Jewels sought to rely on s 12(_a_) read with s 10 of the Act, which
provide grounds for a party who is not the tenant to apply for the release of
goods distrained. These provisions read as follows:

**Application by under-tenant, lodger, etc., for discharge, suspension or
release**

**10**.—(1) Where any movable property of —

(_a_) any under-tenant;

(_b_) any lodger; or

(c) _any other person whatsoever not being a tenant of the premises or any
part thereof, and not having any beneficial interest in any tenancy of the
premises or of any part thereof_ ,

has been seized under a writ of distress issued to recover arrears of rent due
to a superior landlord by his immediate tenant, such under-tenant, lodger or
other person may apply to a judge to discharge or suspend the writ, or to
release a distrained article.

(2) _No order shall be made unless such under-tenant, lodger or other person
satisfies the court that the tenant has no right of property or beneficial
interest in the furniture, goods or chattels and that such furniture, goods or
chattels are the property or in the lawful possession of such under-tenant,
lodger or other person_ ; and also in the case of an under-tenant or a lodger
unless such under-tenant or lodger pays to the landlord or into court an
amount equal to the arrears of rent in respect of which distress has been
levied and also undertakes to pay to the landlord future rent, if any, due
from him to the tenant.

…

Exclusion of certain goods

**12**. Section 10 shall not apply to —

(_a_) goods belonging to the husband or wife of the tenant whose rent is in
arrear, or to goods comprised in any bill of sale, hire-purchase agreement, or
settlement made by such tenant, _or to goods in the possession, order or
disposition of such tenant by the consent and permission of the true owner
under such circumstances that such tenant is the reputed owner thereof_ ; …

[emphasis added]

77 In other words, Forever Jewels’ application was dependent on proof that:
(a) Cupid Jewels was not the reputed owner of the Distrained Jewellery within
the meaning of s 12(_a_) of the Act; and (b) Forever Jewels had beneficial
interest in the Distrained Jewellery as required under s 10(2) of the Act. We
will address these two issues in turn.

Reputed ownership within the meaning of s 12(a) of the Act

78 The Judge found on the facts that Forever Jewels failed to prove that
Orchard Central’s representatives had _actual_ knowledge that the Distrained
Jewellery belonged Forever Jewels (see the Judgment at [78]). The Judge
further commented in _obiter_ that the doctrine of reputed ownership should
not, as a matter of principle, exclude that of actual knowledge (see the
Judgment at [79]). The Judge then held that the Distrained Jewellery had been
in the possession, order, or disposition of Cupid Jewels under such
circumstances that Cupid Jewels had been the reputed owner thereof within the
meaning of s 12(_a_) of the Act, and this was so regardless of whether the
legal test is that which considers:

(a) the perspective of the reasonable public/customer (as held by this court
in _Plaza Singapura (Pte) Ltd v Cosdel (S) Pte Ltd and another_ [1990] 2
SLR(R) 22 (“ _Cosdel (CA)_ ”) at [23]); or

(b) the perspective of the landlord (as held by the High _Court in Plaza
Singapura (Pte) Ltd v Shizuoka Yajimaya (Singapore) Pte Ltd (Cosdel (S) Pte
Ltd, claimant)_ [1988] 1 SLR(R) 109 at [20]);

the latter approach being that which the Judge was more inclined to agree with
as it was more consistent with the purpose of the doctrine of reputed
ownership (see the Judgment at [80]–[86])).

79 We agreed with the Judge’s view that the doctrine of reputed ownership
should not, as a matter of principle, exclude that of actual knowledge. As the
Judge observed at [79] of the Judgment:

If the landlord is in fact aware that the goods belong to the true owner and
not the tenant, the landlord cannot be heard to say that the true owner had
“unconscientiously permitted” the goods to be held by the tenant so as to give
the landlord a false expectation of the full value of the goods on the
premises that were available to be distrained to recover rental arrears.

80 We also agreed with the Judge’s finding that Forever Jewels’ case on actual
knowledge was misconceived. Forever Jewels’ representative, Lim Kah Nai,
conceded during cross-examination that she had never expressly communicated to
Orchard Central that Forever Jewels would be providing jewellery on
consignment to Cupid Jewels. The mere awareness that Cupid Jewels would be
supported by Forever Jewels in stocks and finance was, as the Judge rightly
found at [78] of the Judgment, simply insufficient to found actual knowledge
on the part of Orchard Central that the Distrained Jewellery was not owned by
Cupid Jewels. We noted that this line of argument was (in our view, correctly)
not pursued vigorously by Forever Jewels’ counsel at the hearing before us.

81 We now turn to the issue of reputed ownership. As regards the issue of the
perspective of the reasonable man test, we agreed with the Judge that it is
the _landlord’s_ perspective that is relevant. After all, the doctrine of
reputed ownership in the context of distress is intended to allow a _landlord_
to recover the full value of the goods found on the tenant’s premises when the
true owner of the goods had unconscientiously permitted or consented to a
state of things from which he must have known, if he had considered the
matter, that the inference of ownership by the tenant must arise (see [79] of
the Judgment citing the English bankruptcy case of _Re William Watson & Co_
[1904] 2 KB 753 at 757). In the analogous context of bankruptcy proceedings,
William Swadling expressed the following view in “Rescission, property and the
common law” (2005) 121 LQR 123 at 144:

The purpose of [the doctrine of reputed ownership] was to prevent the bankrupt
obtaining credit on the faith of a fictitious air of prosperity. Thus, in _Joy
v Campbell_ Lord Redesdale, construing analogous Irish legislation, said that
its object was to “prevent deceit by a trader from the visible possession of a
property to which he was not entitled.” The statute would only authorise the
sale and disposition “where the possession, order and disposition, is in a
person who is not the owner, to whom they do not properly belong, and who
ought not to have them, _but whom the owner permits, unconscientiously as the
Act supposes, to have such order and disposition._ ” _In that sense,
therefore, it penalised the conduct of the true owner for misleading the_**
_bankrupt's creditors_** :

“[The] clause is intended to meet the case of a man obtaining credit from his
being seen in the possession of property as his own, and it imposes on the
true owner of the property the penalty of losing it if he has allowed such
delusive credit to be obtained.”

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

82 That having been said, we were of the view that the distinction in the
possible approaches identified above at [78] was a theoretical one without
much significance in the practical sphere of application. For this reason,
notwithstanding our views on the appropriate label to be attached to the test,
we affirmed the correctness of the decision in _Cosdel (CA)_.

83 In support of its case on reputed ownership, counsel for Forever Jewels
relied on the letter from one Ho Nai Chuen, the President of the Singapore
Jewellers Association (“SJA”) confirming on behalf of the SJA that it was a
“common industry practice” for jewellery to be put on consignment by a
jewellery manufacturer or wholesaler with a jewellery retailer (“the SJA
Letter”)[note: 22]. Counsel for Forever Jewels also sought to make two points
on the basis of the English Court of Appeal case of _Salford Van Hire
(Contracts) Ltd v Bocholt Developments Ltd_ [1955] CLC 611 (“ _Salford_ ”) to
further bolster its case. First, counsel argued that the legal burden was on
the _landlord_ to establish that the goods in the tenant’s possession were in
his reputed ownership. Second, the evidence presented in _Salford_ was that 8%
of vans of the type in question were presently on hire, and the court in
_Salford_ accepted this as being sufficiently prevalent to find that the
landlord failed to establish that the van was in the reputed ownership of the
tenant. Counsel for Forever Jewels thus contended that in comparison, the SJA
Letter should have been sufficient to establish a prevalent trade custom, and
this fixed Orchard Central with constructive knowledge that Cupid Jewels was
not the actual owner of the Distrained Jewellery.

84 We disagreed with these arguments. It is important to note that the legal
regime in the UK is different from that in Singapore. As alluded to earlier at
[20] above, the right to distress in the UK is an ancient remedy that
originated as a form of _self-help remedy_ that did not require the leave or
authority of the court. Subsequently, legislation was enacted to impose some
constraints on the landlord’s powers of distress, but the right to distress
remains rooted in common law. In this regard, the relevant sections of the
1908 English Act are reproduced below:

**1** **Under tenant or lodger, if distress levied, to make declaration that
immediate tenant has no property in goods distrained.**

If any superior landlord shall levy, or authorise to be levied, a distress on
any furniture, goods, or chattels of—

…

(c) any other person whatsoever not being a tenant of the premises or of any
part thereof, and not having any beneficial interest in any tenancy of the
premises or of any part thereof,

for arrears of rent due to such superior landlord by his immediate tenant,
such under tenant, lodger, or other person aforesaid may serve such superior
landlord, or the bailiff or other agent employed by him to levy such distress,
with a declaration in writing made by such under tenant, lodger, or other
person aforesaid, setting forth that such immediate tenant has no right of
property or beneficial interest in the furniture, goods, or chattels so
distrained or threatened to be distrained upon, and that such furniture,
goods, or chattels are the property or in the lawful possession of such under
tenant, lodger, or other person aforesaid, and are not goods or live stock to
which this Act is expressed not to apply ; and also, in the case of an under
tenant or lodger, setting forth the amount of rent (if any) then due to his
immediate landlord, and the times at which future instalments of rent will
become due, and the amount thereof, and containing an undertaking to pay to
the superior landlord any rent so due or to become due to his immediate
landlord, until the arrears of rent in respect of which the distress was
levied or authorised to be levied have been paid off, and to such declaration
shall be annexed a correct inventory, subscribed by the under tenant, lodger,
or other person aforesaid, of the furniture, goods, and chattels referred to
in the declaration …

…

**4** **Exclusion of certain goods.**

**_This Act_** shall not apply—

(1) … to goods in the possession, order, or disposition of such tenant by the
consent and permission of , the true owner under such circumstances that such
tenant is the reputed owner thereof …

[emphasis added in bold and in underline]

85 In contrast, the right to distress in Singapore arises out of _statute_.
Section 4 of our Act provides that “[n]o landlord shall distrain for rent
except in the manner provided by this Act”. We also do not have a provision
similar to s 1 of the 1908 English Act in our Act. Furthermore, s 12 of our
Act (reproduced in full at [76] above) provides that “ _Section 10_ shall not
apply to … goods in the possession, order, or disposition of such tenant by
the consent and permission of the true owner under such circumstances that
such tenant is the reputed owner thereof” [emphasis added].

86 Put simply, under the UK regime, the burden is on the party seeking to rely
on s 1 of the 1908 English Act to establish that that provision is made out.
If successful, this puts the distrained goods out of the reach of the landlord
who would otherwise be able to have possession of them under the self-help
remedy of distress. The burden is then on the _landlord_ to invoke s 4(1) of
the 1908 English Act to take the goods out of the ambit of the Act and back
into the sphere of the self-help remedy. In this regard, the phrase “This Act
shall not apply” in s 4(1) of the 1908 English Act is significant. In
contrast, under the Singapore regime, the starting point is that the landlord
must first rely on s 5 of the Act to seek the remedy of distress. The burden
is then on the non-tenant party seeking the release of the goods to apply to
the court under s 10 of the Act to take the distrained goods out of the
possession of the landlord. However, s 10 of the Act cannot be invoked if any
of the grounds in s 12 is made out. The phrase “Section 10 shall not apply” in
s 12 of the Act is significant. The burden is therefore on the party seeking
to make an application under s 10 to prove the conditions therein _as well as_
those under s 12.

87 For these reasons, we rejected Forever Jewels’ submission that Orchard
Central bore the burden of proving that the Distrained Jewellery were in Cupid
Jewels’ reputed ownership. It was Forever Jewels that bore the burden of
proving that the Distrained Jewellery was not reputedly owned by Cupid Jewels,
and, as we shall now proceed to explain, this burden had not been discharged.

88 As alluded to earlier at [83] above, Forever Jewels also sought to rely on
_Salford_ in so far as the threshold necessary to establish a trade custom was
concerned. We disagreed with such an approach. The findings in _Salford_ were
industry and fact specific and there was no basis for meaningful comparison
with the present case involving the wholly different subject matter of
jewellery. The only relevant evidence before us was the SJA Letter adduced by
Forever Jewels. Even if we were to disregard Orchard Central’s objections as
to the reliability and veracity of this letter, we were unable to see how this
letter could be sufficient to establish an industry-wide practice that was so
prevalent that Orchard Central as the landlord should and would have known
about it. The SJA Letter comprised only two short paragraphs, the first of
which was as follows:[note: 23]

This is to highlight the fact that jewellery put on consignment by any
jewellery manufacturer/wholesaler/dealer with jewellery retailer is a common
industry practice.

What little weight that could have possibly been placed on this bald assertion
(if at all) was sorely diminished by the second paragraph of the SJA Letter,
which stated as follows:

The amount of consigned inventory placed with the jewellery retailer varies
across the industry depending very much on the mutual agreement between the
jewellery establishment (consignee) and the jeweller supplier (consignor).

Put simply, the evidence was insufficient to establish that a consignment
arrangement between jewellers and their suppliers was so prevalent that it
would have been immediately apparent to any reasonably informed landlord.

89 Since Forever Jewels failed to prove that the circumstances were not such
that Cupid Jewels was the reputed owner thereof within the meaning of s
12(_a_) of the Act, it could not seek to rely on s 10. Accordingly we
dismissed Forever Jewels’ appeal on this basis.

The conditions in s 10(2) of the Act

90 Given our earlier findings on s 12(_a_) of the Act, it was not necessary
for us to consider whether Cupid Jewels had any right of property or
beneficial interest in the Distrained Jewellery under s 10(2) of the Act. We
would briefly observe that in any event, Forever Jewels failed to prove that
it had any right of property in them. On the evidence before us, we were of
the view that the relationship between Forever Jewels and Cupid Jewels could
not reasonably be said to be a consignor-consignee relationship. On the
contrary, it seemed to us that the parties merely had a sale and return
arrangement.

91 A similar issue had arisen in _Cosdel (CA)_. This court in _Cosdel (CA)_
noted firstly that the respondents in that case were able to produce a bundle
of consignment notes, but were of the view that these were actually sales
invoices which pointed away from a consignment (at [28]). The court also took
into account the fact that unsold articles belonged to and remained at the
risk of the respondent, as well as the admission by the provisional liquidator
of the tenant that the tenant had no right of property or beneficial interest
in the articles (at [29]). The court also weighed the following facts (at
[30]):

(a) the respondents’ articles were transacted through the tenant’s cashiers
who, using a special code assigned for such sale, collected moneys and issued
receipts bearing the tenant’s name;

(b) the transactions were entered in the books of the tenant and on the 10th
day of each month the tenant paid to the respondent the total collections from
the sales of the respondent’s articles after deducting for the tenant’s own
account the monthly sum charged to the respondent;

(c) the tenant was required to take out insurance on the articles against fire
and theft; and

(d) the year-end physical stock counts would be taken of the respondents’
goods and any stock discrepancy in excess of 3% of the record values should be
shared equally between the respondent and the tenant.

After weighing all these facts, this court in _Cosdel (CA)_ came to the
conclusion that the respondents had not discharged the burden of proving that
the tenant had no right of property in the articles at the material time.

92 In comparison, Forever Jewels’ case (see the Statement of Non-Contentious
Facts set out in [72] above) was even weaker than the respondents’ case in
_Cosdel (CA)_ , whose case was ultimately _dismissed_. Thus, even if we did
not dismiss Forever Jewels’ appeal on the basis of s 12(_a_) of the Act, we
would have dismissed its appeal on the basis of s 10(2) of the Act since
Forever Jewels failed to prove that it had any right of property in the
Distrained Jewellery.

93 We would further add that there was actually yet _another_ ground on which
we could have plausibly dismissed Forever Jewels’ appeal. This was on the
basis of s 10(1)(_c_) of the Act which requires that the applicant (_ie_ , the
_non-tenant party_) not have any beneficial interest in any _tenancy_ of the
premises or of any part thereof. We would point out that this ground is
different from s 10(2) of the Act which looks at whether the _tenant_ has any
right of property or beneficial interest in the _goods_ in question. Given the
reality of the commercial relationship between Cupid Jewels and Forever
Jewels, and the fact that both entities were at all times controlled and owned
by the same or related parties, Forever Jewels could have difficulty on the
established facts in denying any beneficial interest in the tenancy. In short,
on the facts, Forever Jewels might not have fallen within the ambit of s
10(1)(_c_). As this point was not argued, we say no more.

Conclusion

94 For the above reasons, we dismissed both CA 32 and CA 33. We awarded
Orchard Central the costs of CA 32 and the costs of Cupid Jewels’ application
below on an indemnity basis as this was provided for in the Lease Agreement.
We awarded Orchard Central the costs of CA 33 and the costs of Forever Jewels’
application below on the usual standard basis.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) Vol II in CA 33 at pp 26-54

[note: 2]_Ibid_ at p 28

[note: 3]_Ibid_ at p 36

[note: 4]_Ibid_ at p 43

[note: 5]ACB Vol II in CA 32 at p 68

[note: 6]_Ibid_ at p 69

[note: 7]Respondent’s Core Bundle (“RCB”) Vol II in CA 32 at pp 51-52

[note: 8]ACB Vol II in CA 32 at p 70

[note: 9]_Ibid_ at p 71

[note: 10]_Ibid_

[note: 11]_Ibid_ at p 72

[note: 12]_Ibid_ at p 74

[note: 13]_Ibid_ at p 75

[note: 14]_Ibid_ at p 76

[note: 15]_Ibid_ at pp 77-78

[note: 16]_Ibid_ at pp 6-8

[note: 17]_Ibid_ at pp 9-10

[note: 18]_Ibid_ at pp 11-13

[note: 19]_Ibid_ at pp 14-16

[note: 20]_Ibid_ at pp 17-22

[note: 21]ACB Vol II in CA 32 at p 81

[note: 22]ACB Vol II in CA 33 at p 142

[note: 23]_Ibid_

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

