Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Koh Chong Chiah and others _v_ Treasure Resort Pte Ltd and another  
[2014] SGHC 51

Case Number| :| Suit No 849 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 399 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 March 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Paul Loy, Monica Chong and Benjamin Fong (WongPartnership
LLP) for the plaintiffs; Jackson Eng Boon How and Angela Cheng Xingyang (Drew
& Napier LLC) for the first defendant; Jonathan Toh (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Koh Chong Chiah and others — Treasure Resort Pte Ltd and another  
  
20 March 2014| Judgment Reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiffs are all members of the Sijori Resort Club Sentosa (“Sijori
Club”) that operated from the premises of a hotel on Sentosa Island. Sijori
Club was a club set up by Sijori Resort (Sentosa) Pte Ltd (“SRS”), which owned
the hotel and the lease of the land upon which the hotel stood. SRS obtained
the lease, which ran from 1994 and would expire in 2075, from Sentosa
Development Corporation (“SDC”).

2 Treasure Resort Pte Ltd (“the first defendant”) was incorporated on 28 June
2005, and on 26 January 2006, it contracted with SRS to take over the lease
and hotel. In that contract, the first defendant agreed to:

offer to members of [Sijori Club] who have contracted with [SRS] a new
contract of membership on substantially the same terms and conditions which
they (the members) have entered into with [SRS].

The plaintiffs claimed that on 14 November 2006, SRS’s lease and contract with
SDC was novated to the first defendant. The first defendant had a separate
agreement with SDC to redevelop the land on that lease together with an
adjacent plot of land separately leased to it. The first defendant denied that
it had a novation agreement with SRS.

3 On 16 November 2006, SRS signed the Membership Transfer Agreement with the
first defendant. This agreement was intended to supplement the terms of the 26
January 2006 contract. A month later, on 16 December 2006, the first defendant
informed the members of the Sijori Club that it was the new operator of the
club. The precise status of the first defendant may be a disputed issue at
trial, but for present purposes, “operator” may be used to describe the
position of the first defendant so far as the Sijori Club was concerned.

4 In its letter to the members, the first defendant stated that the members of
the Sijori Club would continue to “enjoy [their] existing privileges as long
as [they] continue to make payment of [their] membership fees”. On 27 December
2007 the first defendant notified the club members to pay their monthly dues
to it (the first defendant) from January 2007. On 4 February 2008, almost a
year later, the first defendant notified the members that a new club
membership contract will be offered to the members through the first
defendant’s associate company, “Colony Members Service Club Pte Ltd” (“the
second defendant”).

5 The plaintiffs claimed that the terms offered by the second defendant were
different and in breach of their agreement with SRS, and the novated
agreement. The plaintiffs thus treated the breach as a repudiation which they
accepted and thus freed themselves from their obligations to pay their club
dues. They subsequently sued the first defendant for breach of contract.

6 There was no pleaded contract between the plaintiffs and the second
defendant, and the plaintiffs’ case against the second defendant appears to be
founded on a tort of conspiracy between the first defendant as the sister
company of the second defendant. The plaintiffs alleged that the first
defendant had made fraudulent representations, and alternatively, negligent
misrepresentations to the plaintiffs.

7 The plaintiffs made an application for discovery of:

[all] correspondence and minutes of discussions between the [first] defendant
and Maxz Universal Group Pte Ltd (or their respective officers) from January
2007 to February 2008 on the incorporation of the [second defendant] and/or
the offer of new membership contracts from the [second defendant] to the
[plaintiffs].

Maxz Universal Group Pte Ltd is the parent company of the first and second
defendants. The plaintiffs’ application was dismissed by assistant registrar
Karen Tan (“AR Tan”), and they appealed before me.

8 AR Tan was of the view that the plaintiffs did not plead a conspiracy
between the parent company and the two defendant companies. She then held that
although the documents sought seemed to be relevant in the sense that they
appeared to touch on the pleaded facts, she thought that they “were not
necessary with respect to the issues” in the case. She went on to hold that it
was not necessary “to obtain documents to see what was discussed between the
parent company and the first defendant as to the terms of the new membership
contracts”. AR Tan, in dismissing the plaintiffs’ application, held that
although the documents sought were relevant, they were not necessary. Before
me, counsel for the first defendant relied on the decision in _Bayerische
Hypo- und Vereinsbank AG v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
other applications_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 39 (“ _Bayerische_ ”) in support of their
submission and AR Tan’s decision. It was argued that the plaintiffs’ claim in
conspiracy as pleaded did not include the defendants’ parent company.

9 I have no disagreement in principle with the decision of Belinda Ang J in
_Bayerische_ that no discovery order should generally be made unless the court
is satisfied that (apart from the requirement of showing that the documents
were in the hands of the respondent) the documents sought by the applicant are
relevant and necessary. In that case, the court referred to O 24 rr (7) and
(13) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed), the provisions of
which are similar to their numerical equivalents in the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). Rule 7 provides that an order for discovery will not
be made unless the court is satisfied that discovery is necessary for
“disposing fairly of the cause or matter” – or for saving costs. Rule 13
refers to the production and inspection of documents and imposes the same
criterion of necessity for fairly disposing of the cause or matter or for
saving costs. Although “relevance” is not a stated criterion under O 24 r 7,
it is the foundation for the admission of evidence at trial. The relevancy of
evidence, including documentary evidence, is spelt out in the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”). “Relevance” is required to be shown in
applications under O 24 r 6, namely, pre-action applications for discovery and
applications by persons who are not parties to the action. In this regard,
relevance is a requirement without which, an examination of necessity would be
pointless.

10 In my view, the application of the “necessity” requirement under O 24 must
be made with an eye on the Evidence Act, which is primary legislation.
_Bayerische_ was a case concerning a pre-action discovery application. That is
an important distinction from the application sought in this case before me.
Here, the plaintiffs’ statement of claim had been filed and served, and the
defendants have filed and served their defences. There is a joinder of issues
for the action. When one asks whether something is necessary, it is also
necessary to ask, “Necessary for what?” What is necessary or unnecessary
before a litigant has filed his claim may turn out otherwise after the
pleadings have closed. The question as to what is necessary may differ at the
different stages of proceedings in the action. This line of reasoning is
consistent with the wording of O 24 r 7, in which specific reference is made
to “that stage of the cause or matter”.

11 When the parties are joined in issue such as in this case, where the
plaintiffs alleged fraud and bad faith on the part of the first defendant, and
pleaded that it was a conspiracy by the two sister companies to deprive the
plaintiffs of their rights under a novated contract, documents tending to show
what instructions the parent company might have issued to its subsidiaries are
clearly relevant. The documents may adversely affect the defendants’ case, and
if so, are proper subjects for a discovery order (see O 24 r 5(3)). Unlike
pre-action discovery, when pleadings have closed or where a defence had been
filed, the necessity of showing those documents is no longer a trace element.
The requirement of necessity at this stage and in the circumstances of this
case is _entwined_ with the requirement of relevance.

12 Had this been a pre-action discovery application, one can say that the
documents of a parent company might be relevant to the objects of the
subsidiary, but may not be necessary for the plaintiffs to discover in order
to plead their case, especially where fraud is concerned. When enough has been
pleaded to identify the alleged fraudulent conduct of the defendants,
documents that might show the involvement of parties connected to the
defendants may not only be relevant but necessary. Once the plaintiffs have
pleaded their case and the defendants have disclosed their defence, relevant
documents in the hands of a third party like the parent company of the
defendants may also be necessary, for example, to help determine whether the
parent company ought to be cited as a third defendant. Whether the documents
sought are relevant and necessary is a question of fact. In this case, I am of
the view that the documents are relevant, as well as necessary.

13 I should add that the discovery of the documents sought here will likely
result in the saving of costs. The plaintiffs would be entitled at trial to
cross-examine the defendants as to the instructions they received from their
parent company on the terms which were to be offered to the club members. The
answers may likely lead to the relevance and necessity of reading the
documented discussions and instructions. Production of documents only at that
stage may hamper the plaintiffs’ preparation and result in the prolongation of
trial. These documents are best disclosed early.

14 For the reasons above, the appeal by the plaintiffs is allowed. Costs here
and below will be costs in the cause.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Mar 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

