Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ BNN  
[2014] SGHC 7

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 10 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Prem Raj Prabakaran and Christine Liu (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the prosecution; The accused in person.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — BNN  
  
2 January 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye JC:

1 The 37 year old unrepresented accused faced a total of 18 charges,
pertaining to rape, sexual penetration of a minor under 14 years of age,
outrage of modesty, voluntarily causing hurt and criminal intimidation. He
pleaded guilty to 7 charges, with 11 other charges taken into consideration
for sentencing.

2 The 2 victims were his stepdaughters, [O] and [Y], who were aged 12-14 and
10-12 respectively at the time of the offences.

The charges

3 The accused pleaded guilty to 7 charges, all of which concerned acts done to
[O]. I informed him in simple language the statutory prescribed punishments of
each of the 7 charges that were proceeded on. I further explained the effects
of s307(2) of the Criminal Procedure Code in which the court must order at
least 2 sentences of imprisonment to run consecutively. The accused understood
the consequences and maintained his plea of guilt. These 7 charges are as
follows:-

(a) 2nd charge: sexual penetration of a minor under 14 years of age punishable
under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed);

(b) 6th charge: voluntarily causing hurt punishable under s323 of the Penal
Code;

(c) 9th charge: using force with intent to outrage modesty punishable under s
354(2) of the Penal Code;

(d) 10th charge: voluntarily causing hurt punishable under s323 of the Penal
Code

(e) 12th charge: using force with intent to outrage modesty punishable under s
354(2) of the Penal Code

(f) 14th charge: rape punishable under s375(2) of the Penal Code

(g) 15th charge: rape punishable under s375(2) of the Penal Code

4 The following charges were taken into consideration for sentencing:

(a) 1st charge: using force with intent to outrage modesty punishable under s
354(2) of the Penal Code

(b) 3rd charge: voluntarily causing hurt punishable under s 323 of the Penal
Code.

(c) 4th charge: voluntarily causing hurt punishable under s 323 of the Penal
Code

(d) 5th charge: criminal intimidation punishable under s 506 of the Penal Code

(e) 7th charge: voluntarily causing hurt punishable under s 323 of the Penal
Code

(f) 8th charge: voluntarily causing hurt punishable under s 323 of the Penal
Code

(g) 11th charge: sexual penetration of a minor under 14 years of age
punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code

(h) 13th charge: sexual penetration of a minor under 14 years of age
punishable under s 376(3) of the Penal Code

(i) 16th charge: rape punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal Code

(j) 17th charge: rape punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal Code

(k) 18th charge: voluntarily causing hurt punishable under s 323 of the Penal
Code

The sexual offences pertained only to [O]. Both [O] and [Y] were the victims
for the charges of voluntarily causing hurt. [Y] was the victim of the
criminal intimidation charge. The accused agreed to these charges being taken
into consideration for sentencing.

The summary of the statement of facts

5 The accused married the wife, aged 38 years old, in January 2008. This was
his third marriage and his wife’s second marriage. The wife has 2 daughters,
[O] and [Y], from her first marriage. The accused and the wife also had a son,
[S], who is now 3 years old.

June 2008 to February 2009 in Larkin

6 In June 2008, the accused’s family left their Bukit Batok flat in Singapore
to stay in Larkin, Johor, Malaysia. The accused soon started touching [O]
while she slept alone in her bedroom at night. While everyone else was asleep,
he would enter her bedroom, slide both of his hands under her tee-shirt and
bra, and groped her breasts and nipples. [O] did not know what to do when he
did this and could only turn her body, trying to pretend she was asleep. The
accused did these acts at night when everyone else was asleep. [O] did not
like the accused touching her. She did not tell her mother because she was
afraid that she would not believe her. [O] was only 11 years old at that time.

7 During this period the accused also started to assault [O] and [Y]. He used
metal ladles or rulers to hit them on their hands and faces. He would also
slap their faces or heads if they were noisy. The wife found it difficult to
stop him. [Y], then 9 years old, was beaten more often as she was mischievous
and liked to talk back to the Accused.

February 2009 to August 2009 in Skudai

8 Sometime in February 2009, the family left Larkin for Skudai, Johor,
Malaysia. The whole family slept in the master bedroom. The accused and the
wife slept on the bed while [O] and [Y] slept on a mattress next to it. The
Accused dictated that [O] occupy that side of the mattress closest to where he
slept on the bed. During their stay in Skudai from February 2009 to August
2009, [O] was 11 to 12 years old and [Y] was 9 to 10 years old.

9 While everyone else was asleep, the accused would grope [O]’s breasts and
nipples, after sliding his hand under her tee-shirt and bra. Later when they
were staying in Skudai, the accused started to slide his hands under [O]’s
shorts and touched her vulva for a few minutes while everyone else was asleep.
He would, at times, also insert his fingers into her vagina. [O] felt painful
and sore when he first penetrated her digitally.

10 On several occasions, when the accused was alone with [O], he would bring
her to the toilet, remove her clothing, and insert his finger into her vagina.
He would also touch her body in the process. On some occasions, he would
lubricate his finger with some soap before inserting it into her vagina.

11 On another occasion, the Accused barged into the toilet while [O] was
bathing. He told her to lie down on the floor, and then inserted his fingers
into her vagina. He also touched the rest of her body. [O] cried after the
Accused left the toilet. There was no one in the house when this happened.

12 On another occasion, the Accused directed [O] to follow him into the
toilet. In the toilet, he pulled down his shorts and demanded that she put his
penis into her mouth. When she refused, he held onto her head with both of his
hands, pushed her head towards his penis, and pushed his penis into her mouth.
On hearing the wife approaching, he quickly withdrew his penis from [O]’s
mouth and pulled up his shorts. [O] immediately went to the wash basin and
washed her mouth. The accused then told his wife that he had asked [O] to
clean the toilet. As [O] was leaving the bedroom, he gestured to her to keep
quiet.

13 [O] did not reveal these incidents to anyone because she was scared that if
she told her mother or [Y], this would lead to a confrontation and the Accused
would become more violent towards them.

14 The accused also got more abusive towards his step-daughters. He would
punch them on their faces and pulled their hair. He would also kick them at
times. On one occasion, after slapping [Y]’s face, he lifted her by her neck
and then released his grip, causing her to fall to the floor. He then carried
on hitting her thighs with a metal ladle. The wife could not stop him.

September 2009 to October 2010 in Singapore

15 Sometime in August 2009, the family returned to Singapore so that [O] could
sit for her Primary School Leaving Examinations at Keming Primary School. The
family stayed with the wife’s sister at Jurong West Street 61, Singapore. The
family shared a bedroom in this flat. The wife, who was then pregnant,
occupied the bed. The rest slept on a mattress next to it. The accused
dictated that [O] sleep next to him. The offence relating to the 1st charge
(taken into consideration, see [4] above) occurred while the wife and [Y] were
asleep in the bedroom. [O] was then between 12 to 13 years old.

November 2009 to April 2010

16 Sometime in November 2009, the family moved to Jurong West Street 42 to
reside with the wife’s friend. There, they occupied a bedroom. The sleeping
arrangements were the same when they were staying with the wife’s sister. The
offences relating to the 3rd, 4th, and 5th charges (taken into consideration,
see [4] above) occurred while the family stayed at this flat. [O] was then
between 12 to 13 years old. [Y] was then between 10 to 11 years old.

Facts relating to the 2nd charge

17 One evening, between November 2009 and April 2010, the accused entered the
bathroom while [O] was bathing. He directed [O] to lie down on the floor and
he used his finger to penetrate her vagina several times. He also touched the
rest of her naked body. [O] did not open her eyes as she was terrified. She
did not struggle because she thought that the accused would beat her if she
did. [O] was 12 years old when this happened.

April 2010 to August 2010

18 The wife gave birth to their son, [S], on 12 April 2010. The family
returned to stay at the wife’s sister’s flat in Jurong West. They occupied a
bedroom. The wife, [Y], and [S] slept on the bed while the accused slept on a
mattress with [O] sleeping next to him.

19 On a few occasions, while everyone else was sleeping in the bedroom, the
accused slide one of his hands under her tee-shirt and bra, and then groped
her breasts and nipples for a few minutes before he went back to sleep. [O]
dared not resist as she was afraid that the accused would beat her.

Facts relating to the 6th Charge

20 On one occasion, the accused could not enter the flat despite calling out
to his step-daughters to open the door as they were sleeping. The accused was
very angry. Eventually, when he managed to gain access to the flat he entered
the bedroom, woke up [O] and slapped her on her face. He pulled her hair and
slammed her on the floor. He also punched her on her ribs and kicked her on
her back.

21 He also assaulted [Y]. This offence is the subject matter of the 7th charge
(taken into consideration, see [4] above). The accused only stopped assaulting
them when the wife intervened. [O] was then 13 years old. [Y] was then 11
years old.

October 2010 in Wadihana, Johor

22 Sometime in October 2010, the family went to stay at a condominium at
Wadihana, Johor, Malaysia. This condominium belonged to the wife’s friend.
They occupied one bedroom. The wife slept on the bed with [S] while the rest
slept on a mattress. The accused ensured that [O] slept next to him.

23 The Accused groped [O]’s breasts, nipples and vulva at the Wadihana
condominium while everyone else was asleep. [O] did not know what to do when
he touched her on these occasions. She did not tell anyone about these
incidents as she feared he would harm her if she resisted.

November 2010 to December 2010 in Sri Samudra, Johore

24 Sometime in November 2010, the family moved from Wadihana to a studio
apartment at Sri Samudra, Johor, Malaysia. The accused, the wife and and [S]
slept on a bed near the balcony while [O] and [Y] slept on a sofa-bed placed
next to it.

25 The accused continued to grope [O]’s breasts, nipples and vulva at the Sri
Samudra Apartment while everyone else was asleep. [O] tried to avoid the
accused’s advances by turning her body away from him. However, the accused
would always use his hands to turn her over to his side.

January 2011 to February 2011

26 The family returned to Singapore from Sri Samudra, Johor, Malaysia in early
January 2011. They occupied one room in an apartment unit at Jurong West
Street 52, Singapore. The offence relating to the 8th charge (taken into
consideration, see [4] above) occurred here. [Y] was then between 11 and 12
years old.

February 2011 to March 2011 at the wife’s office

27 Between February and March 2011 the family stayed in a tent at Pasir Ris
Park for a short time before moving to stay at the wife’s office. At the
office, the wife slept close to her workstation while [S] slept on a mattress
next to her. The rest slept on the floor. [O] was then 13 years old.

Facts relating to the 9th charge

28 On one occasion, while everyone else was sleeping in the office, the
accused slid one of his hands under [O]’s tee-shirt and bra, and groped her
breasts and nipples for a few minutes. He also slid his hand under [O]’s
panties and touched her vulva.

Facts relating to the 10th charge

29 There was an occasion when the Accused drove the family to Changi Village
for dinner. He saw [O] text messaging a boy using her mobile-phone. The
accused disapproved of this. He became angrier when he found a packet of
cigarettes in her school bag. He slapped her face. When the wife asked the
accused to stop hitting [O] in public, he directed everyone to get into the
car and then drove them to a secluded spot in the vicinity of Changi Village.

30 After parking the car, he told [Y], who was sitting in the rear seat of the
car, to get out. He then proceeded to the rear seat of the car where [O] was
sitting. He punched her and pulled her hair. He also grabbed her head and
slammed it, repeatedly, against the rear door of the car. He also kicked her
back. He only stopped when the wife intervened some 5 to 10 minutes later.

March 2011 to May 2011

31 Sometime in March 2011, the family left staying in the wife’s office and
moved into an apartment unit at Havelock Road. They shared the flat with
another family. They stayed in one bedroom. The wife and [S] slept on one
mattress while the rest slept on another mattress. [O] slept next to the
accused. The offence relating to the 11th charge (taken into consideration,
see [4] above) occurred here.

Facts relating to the 12th charge

32 Sometime before [O]’s 14th birthday, while she was lying on the mattress,
the Accused knelt down in front of her, pulled down her shorts and panties to
her knees, lifted up her legs, and licked her vagina for a few minutes. [O],
who was disgusted by his actions, did not want to see what he was doing and
used a pillow to cover her face. After performing cunnilingus on [O], the
accused went back to sleep. [O] dared not resist because she feared he would
beat her up severely.

May 2011 to August 2011

33 Sometime towards the end of May 2011, the family returned to the Wadihana
Condominium in Johor, Malaysia. The wife, [Y] and [S] occupied a bedroom. The
accused ensured that he and [O] slept in the living room. The accused
continued to grope [O]’s breasts, nipples and vulva in the living room of the
Wadihana Condominium while everyone else was asleep in the bedroom.

August 2011 to November 2011 in Singapore

34 The family left the Wadihana Condominium sometime in early August 2011 and
returned to Singapore. They occupied the master bedroom in a flat at Bedok
South Avenue 3, Singapore. In the master bedroom, the wife, and [S] slept on a
sofa-bed. The accused, [O] and [Y] slept on the floor. The accused ensured
that [O] was sleeping on the floor next to him. The offences relating to the
13th charge, the 16th charge, and the 17th charge (taken into consideration,
see [4] above) took place at this flat. [O] was then 14 years old.

Facts relating to the 14th charge

35 Sometime between 7 October 2011 and 14 October 2011, [O] was at the Bedok
South flat with the accused, [Y], and [S]. At about noon, [O] was bathing in
the toilet attached to the master bedroom. The accused told [Y] to bring [S]
to the playground and to buy something from a shop. Thereafter, the accused
barged into the toilet while [O] was still bathing. Although [O] resisted and
told the accused, in English, “I don’t want” (as she was very worried the
accused wanted to touch her again), he pulled her out of the toilet and told
her that she could bathe later.

36 The accused demanded that [O] lie down on the sofa-bed. [O] complied
because she was scared he might hit her if she did not obey him. The accused
then climbed onto the sofa-bed and started to kiss [O]’s naked body. He
squeezed her breasts and inserted his fingers into her vagina. Shortly
thereafter, he lifted [O]’s legs and placed it on the sofa-bed. Although [O]
tried to close her legs, he pulled them apart. [O] then felt the accused
licking her vagina. The accused then lay on top of her, with both of his hands
at the sides of her shoulder. At this juncture, [O] felt a sharp pain in her
vagina. She then felt the accused moved his penis in and out of her vagina.
The accused, who was not wearing a condom, then ejaculated inside [O]. The
accused then got up from the sofa-bed. There were blood stains on the bed-
sheet. The accused then told [O] to wash up in the toilet. When [O] came out
of the toilet, she noticed that the bed-sheet had already been changed.
Subsequently, the accused informed the wife that [O] had stained the bed-sheet
as she was menstruating.

37 On that same day whilst the family was having dinner at a hawker centre,
the accused told [O] to buy pineapple juice for herself. He told her not to
drink pineapple juice in the wife’s presence. [O] believed that the accused
had told her to drink pineapple juice so that she would not get pregnant
following their earlier unprotected sexual intercourse where he had ejaculated
into her.

38 [O] was a virgin before the accused raped her on this day. She was then 14
years old.

Facts relating to the 15th charge

39 Sometime between 14 October 2011 and 21 October 2011, [O] was in the Bedok
flat with the accused and [S]. [S] was sleeping. The wife was working and [Y]
was at school.

40 [O] was sleeping on the sofa-bed when the accused approached her. He slid
his hand under her tee-shirt and bra, and started to grope her breasts. He
then removed [O]’s tee-shirt, shorts, and panties before inserting his fingers
into her vagina. After some time, he removed his shorts and inserted his penis
into her vagina. After moving his penis in and out of her vagina for a few
minutes, he withdrew his penis (he was not wearing a condom) and ejaculated
onto [O]’s stomach. During the acts [O] used a pillow to cover her face as she
did not want to see the accused’s penis. Similarly, [O] did not reveal this
incident to anyone as she was afraid of the accused.

Divorce

41 On 30 November 2011, the wife left the accused with the 3 children because
of the accused’s increasing abusive behaviour. She initiated divorce
proceedings against the accused on 1 December 2011. The divorce was finalised
on 29 August 2012.

Police report

42 [O] initially revealed the commission of the sexual offences to two of her
school friends. On their advice [O] decided to tell her mother about the
offences. When the latter asked [O] why she had not told her sooner, [O]
replied that she was scared and worried that the accused would harm her.
Eventually, a police report was lodged on 14 March 2012.

The prosecution’s submissions

43 The prosecution urged the court to impose deterrent sentences against the
accused on all the 7 charges. There were numerous aggravating features. [O]
was subject to the accused’s sexual and physical abuse and will suffer from
long-term psychological harm. The accused lacked genuine remorse. The
prosecution also submitted that the accused could not be considered as a first
offender despite his lack of antecedents as he had committed numerous
premeditated offences over the course of nearly 3 years. The prosecutor
suggested a total net sentence of at least 30 years and 24 strokes, and the
following sentences in particular:

(a) Rape charges: sentences in excess of 15 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes
for each of the 2 charges. The punishment for the 14th charge should be
higher.

(b) Sexual penetration of a minor: at least 10 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane

(c) Outrage of modesty: at least 18 months’ imprisonment and 4 strokes of the
cane each

(d) Voluntarily causing hurt: at least 6 months’ imprisonment each

The accused’s plea for leniency

44 The accused tendered a letter pleading for leniency. He is the only child
of an elderly couple who is suffering from “chronic aging medical issues”. His
parents are currently residing in Malaysia and are anxious to see him after
his release from prison.

45 During his youth he played football for the Football Association of
Singapore. He completed his national service in the army in 1997. He had been
a good citizen and had led a crime-free life before this case.

46 He had fully cooperated with the police during investigations. He had also
written to his now ex-wife and step-daughters seeking their forgiveness. He is
deeply remorseful for these offences and hoped to be given a chance to repent
and reform. He also promised not to commit such offences again.

My decision

47 For the purpose of sentencing, it is of paramount importance that the court
should impose the appropriate sentences after taking into consideration all
the facts and merits of the case. This requires this court to consider the
aggravating factors as well as the mitigating features. It is fundamental that
the punishment imposed must be commensurate with and befit the accused and his
criminal conduct.

**_Charges taken into consideration_**

48 In sentencing the accused I shall take into consideration the 11 charges
which he had agreed to be taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentence. In _Public Prosecutor v UI_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at [37], the Court
of Appeal approved of the following passage made by Sir Igor Judge P in _R v
Gary Dean Miles_ [2006] EWCA Crim 256:

[T]he way in which the court deals with offences to be taken into
consideration depends on context. In some cases the offences taken into
consideration will end up by adding nothing or nothing very much to the
sentence which the court would otherwise impose. On the other hand, offences
taken into consideration may aggravate the sentence and lead to a substantial
increase in it. For example, the offences may show a pattern of criminal
activity which suggests careful planning or deliberate rather than casual
involvement in a crime. They may show an offence or offences committed on
bail, after an earlier arrest. They may show a return to crime immediately
after the offender has been before the court and given a chance that, by
committing the crime, he has immediately rejected. There are many situations
where similar issues may arise.

49 It is, however, acknowledged that charges taken into consideration have the
general effect of enhancing punishment, particularly where the charges taken
into consideration are similar to the charges proceeded with. This much was
stated in _Public Prosecutor v Chow Yee Sze_ [2011] 1 SLR 481 at [34]:

Furthermore, three charges ("TIC charges") were to be taken into account for
sentencing. Such TIC charges would generally result in an enhanced sentence
particularly where the TIC offences and the offences proceeded with are
similar in nature as they would show that the offender was recalcitrant (eg,
if **both sets of offences consist of sexual offences against the same
victim**): _PP v UI_ ([1] supra) and _PP v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice_ [1998] 3
SLR(R) 439 at [19]. [emphasis added]

**_Sentencing approach in this case_**

50 In my deliberation I shall first determine the broad sentencing approach.
Secondly, I shall examine the aggravating features and the mitigating factors.
Thirdly, I shall analyse the respective offences in the 7 charges that were
proceeded on in order to arrive at the appropriate sentence for each of these
charges. Finally, I shall decide which sentences of imprisonment to run
consecutively to arrive at the net punishment.

What are the appropriate sentencing principles for this case?

51 Rape is the most heinous offence against a female. Sexual penetration with
the finger is another very vicious violation of the female body.

52 In this case the accused, _inter alia_ , was charged with 4 counts of rape
and 3 counts of digital penetration. Out of the 18 charges proceeded on, 7
were of an extremely serious sexual nature. The victim, [O], was his step-
daughter. She was below 14 years of age when these offences were committed.
She was extremely young and vulnerable. She also had her virginity stolen by
the accused. The accused had destroyed his step daughter for his selfish
sexual desire. The fact that this was done to an innocent child of very tender
age worsen his sexual crimes many folds. The poor child had to endure the
indignity, embarrassment and shame of the ordeal of the rape and other
depraved sexual acts forced on her by the accused. Now she has a long road to
recover from her psychological injuries. Hence these charges alone warrant the
court to impose harsh deterrent punishment on the accused.

53 V K Rajah J (as he then was) aptly described the horrific ordeal of a rape
victim in _Public Prosecutor v V Murugesan_ :

54 … _Rape is one of the most heinous and vile crimes proscribed under our
laws. It is an abominable violation that leaves the victim with permanent
emotional scars. The physical act of rape is just the beginning of a life-long
continuum of psychological and emotional trauma that most victims have to
confront, endure and manage. In addition, most unfortunately and regrettably,
there are also occasionally instances of the victims being irrationally
stigmatised. Many victims never regain a sense of normalcy. The emotional
damage, quite understandably, cannot ever be fully erased._ It is for this
reason that the PC prescribes severe sentences for this and similar offences
violating the basic right(s) of a female. Females have an inviolable right to
be respected; they have an inalienable right to say no; they have an absolute
right to commute without any anxiety or apprehension of physical violence
being inflicted upon them. Taking into account these considerations, the
courts have severely dealt with rapists and similar offenders.

55 Perpetrators are punished not just for the physical harm they inflict but
also for the life-long trauma, debilitating emotional distress and anguish
they callously and cruelly inflict and sentence their victims to suffer in
silence. _In the circumstances, draconian sentences which primarily
encapsulate the principles of both retribution and deterrence are ineluctably
required and will be invariably meted out to all such offenders_. Few, if any,
right-minded people will complain about heavy-handed sentences in this genre
of cases.

[emphasis added]

54 In _Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814, V K Rajah J (as
he then was) mentioned that offenders who abused a position of authority to
satisfy their sexual urges would be met with harsh penal consequences (at [24]
and [25]):

24 General deterrence aims to educate and deter other like-minded members of
the general public by making an example of a particular offender: _Meeran bin
Mydin_ v PP [1998] 1 SLR(R) 522 at [9] ("_Meeran bin Mydin_ "). Premeditated
offences aside, there are many other situations where general deterrence
assumes significance and relevance. These may relate to the type and/or
circumstances of a particular offence. Some examples of the types of offences,
which warrant general deterrence are:

…

(b) Offences against vulnerable victims: Offences against vulnerable victims
often create deep judicial disquiet and general deterrence must necessarily
constitute an important consideration in the sentencing of perpetrators. In
_PP v NF_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849, at [42], I stated as follows:

[O]ur courts would be grievously remiss if they did not send _an unequivocal
and uncompromising message to all would-be sex offenders_ that abusing a
relationship or a position of authority in order to gratify sexual impulse
will inevitably be met with the harshest penal consequences. _In such cases,
the sentencing principle of general deterrence must figure prominently and be
unmistakably reflected in the sentencing equation._ [emphasis added]

25 Examples of particular  _circumstances_ of an offence which may attract
general deterrence include:

…

(c) Public disquiet: Certain crimes, in addition to harming their immediate
victims, also have the wider-felt impact of triggering unease and offending
the sensibilities of the general public. A deterrent sentence is therefore
necessary and appropriate to quell public disquiet and the unease engendered
by such crimes…

It is critical that a crystal clear signal be conveyed through deterrent
sentences that all such offences causing public disquiet will be unstintingly
deplored and denounced by the courts. Instances of gratuitous violence will
also fall under this broad category.

[emphasis in original]

I have no doubt that the accused’s offences, done over the course of 3 years,
would cause public disquiet.

55 In _Lim Hock Hin Kelvin v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 37 at [20] the
Court of Appeal explained that offences against vulnerable children are
particularly serious:

However, the starting position must be that where the victims are vulnerable
children, the offence becomes much more serious and the punishment meted on
such offenders has to reflect the gravity of the offence. The punishment for
rape offences is much more serious where the victim is below 14 years and
sexual intercourse takes place without her consent.

56 I shall now examine the aggravating factors.

Aggravating factors

Young victims

57 The offences took place over a period of close to 3 years. In the 7 charges
that were proceeded on, the victim was his step-daughter, [O]. At the relevant
period [O] was only 11 to 14 years old. According to the statement of facts,
the first offence against [O] was the outraging of her modesty when she was
just 11 years old. As a young girl she looked to the accused, who was supposed
to look after and take care of her, for security. However, the accused
betrayed that parental duty and sexually abused and exploited her. Before the
wife’s marriage to the accused the home was [O]’s safest place in which she
could find love, solace and trust. The accused changed this and made home a
living hell for [O]. The court in _Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng_ stated
that offenders of sexual offences against children should be given deterrent
sentences. Although the accused did not sexually assault [Y], she was
physically abused by him.

58 In _Public Prosecutor v Raffi Bin Jelan and Another_ [2004] SGHC 120 at
[20], V K Rajah JC (as he then was) said:

Sentencing policy dictates that an offender who commits an offence against a
vulnerable victim (this embraces the handicapped, incapacitated, children and
the elderly) ought to be more severely dealt with by the court: R v Allen and
Bennett (1988) 10 Cr App R (S) 466, R v Boswell (1982) 4 Cr App R (S) 317

Accused’s deplorable conduct as step-father

The accused was the step-father and his duty was to protect, provide and look
after his 2 young step-children. Instead he abused his position and breached
the trust and authority that was bestowed on him as a step-father. He sexually
abused [O]. The accused’s sexual abuses on [O] became progressively worse. His
first started to molest her by groping her breasts and nipples as she was
asleep. Later [O]’s vulva was also molested. Then he proceeded to commit
cunnilingus, fellatio, inserted his finger into her vagina and eventually
raped her.

The first time the accused raped [O], he pulled her out of the toilet when she
was bathing. He then raped her on the sofa bed after molesting her breast, and
committed cunnilingus and digital sexual penetration. On this occasion it was
an unprotected sex and the accused completed the sex by ejaculating inside
her. It was fortuitous that [O] was not impregnated by the accused on this
occasion.

59 He was indeed a sexual pervert. I noticed that the first incident of sexual
assault on [O] happened barely 6 months into his 3rd marriage to his wife !

60 He also physically abused her in order to have absolute control over her so
that she is totally compliant to his demands. He instilled tremendous fear in
[O]. This was why [O] was afraid to resist, retaliate or expose the accused’s
heinous crimes to her own biological mother. The accused by his violent
domination over [O] was able to perpetuate his sexual exploits over a period
of nearly 3 years. She became the accused’s captive sexual object for nearly 3
years. The accused also physically assaulted [Y]. Fortunately, [Y] was not
sexually abused by him.

61 The irony is that the home became the most unsafe and dangerous place for
[O] as the accused would intrude into her privacy when she was asleep or while
she was bathing in order to satisfy his sexual exploits.

62 The following comments made by Chan Sek Keong CJ in _Public Prosecutor v
Firdaus bin Abdullah_ [2010] 3 SLR 225 at [19] are particularly apposite:

Separately, the gravity of the offence would be increased in cases involving
vulnerable victims. Children and young persons are particularly vulnerable
because they are unable to fend for themselves and require their parents or
guardians to take care of them. Any person entrusted with the care of young
children would be harshly dealt with if that trust is betrayed: see _Purwanti
Parji v PP_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 220 at [30] and _PP v Teo Chee Seng_ [2005] 3
SLR(R) 250 at [9].

63 In _Public Prosecutor v UI_ at [32] the court said “those who have charge
of children cannot abuse their position to satisfy their urges” In _Public
Prosecutor v NF_ [2006] 4 SLR (R) 849 at [42] the court mentioned that “the
harshest penal consequences to send an unequivocal and uncompromising message
to all would-be sex offenders who abuse the relationship… to gratify sexual
impulse”

Duration of the criminal conduct

64 It must be emphasised that this is not a case where the accused committed
one off criminal offence against his step-daughter. He committed numerous
premeditated sexual offences against [O]. He was also very violent towards [O]
and the other step-daughter [Y]. This went on for a prolonged period of close
to 3 years. [Y] was also not spared the physical assaults.

Harm caused

65 When the accused perpetuated the offences against [O] she was only 11 to 14
years of age. She was a silent sufferer who was very afraid to voice out the
heinous crimes of the accused as she was terrified of him. Her victim impact
statement reveals that she is presently suffering significant adverse
psychological harm. She said that she still feels extremely disgusted by the
accused act of performing cunnilingus on her before he raped her. She is also
more reserved and feels anxious whenever she is in a crowded environment. She
is very badly affected by what the accused has done to her. This has caused
her studies to suffer. She is afraid that the accused will look for her and
her family members when he is released from prison. She is also extremely
uncomfortable with other male friends and she keeps very much to herself. Dr
Parvathy Pathy, the senior consultant physiatrist at the Child’s Guidance
Clinic made the following observations on [O]:

[O] reported that she felt disgusted, sad and angry. She often still has
flashbacks, especially when it is very quiet. She still has nightmares where
she dreams of the accused returning to sexually abuse her again. She also has
recurrent memories of the alleged events and these have led to poor sleep

66 Dr Pathy further reported:

[O] reported that she was struggling with an easily irritable mood and that
she would get angry easily over minor things. She reported that her anger
began when the alleged abuse started and that she was expressing it more now.
She reported that she was feeling sad and crying nearly everyday. She had
nightmares and flashbacks of the alleged abuse and feared that [the Accused]
would come back. She had disturbed sleep and felt worthless, damaged and “not
good enough”. She had low self-esteem.

67 The counsellor at the shelter where [O] was housed also observed that “[O]
appeared withdrawn and rather irritable at home”.

Premeditation

68 The accused made sure that when he committed the sexual offences on [O]
there were either no one present at home or the other family members were
asleep. When it came to sleeping arrangement he made sure [O] was sleeping
next or close to him. It is quite clear that these sexual offences were not
committed on impulse but were all premeditated. Premeditation is an
aggravating factor. Professor Andrew Ashworth in _Sentencing and Criminal
Justice_ (5th ed, 2010, Cambridge University Press) said (at p 164):

**Planning of an offence**

Elements of planning or organisation may also be present in crimes committed
by individuals. A person who _plans a crime is generally more culpable_ ,
because the offence is premeditated and the offender is therefore more fully
confirmed in his criminal motivation than someone who acts on impulse, since
he is more considered in his lawbreaking…Planned lawbreaking betokens a
considered attack on social values, with greater commitment and perhaps
continuity than a spontaneous crime.

[emphasis added, footnotes in original omitted]

69 I shall now consider the mitigating factors to determine whether these
could alleviate the severe gravity of his criminal conduct.

Mitigating factors

First-time offender

70 The accused pleaded for leniency as he did not have any criminal
antecedents prior to this case. The prosecution urged the court not to give
any weight for this factor. This is because the accused had committed numerous
offences against his step daughters. These offences were committed over a
period of nearly 3 years.

71 Technically, the accused is a first time offender. In normal circumstances
when an offender commits a crime for the first time, the court usually shows
some degree of leniency depending on the factual matrix of the case and the
degree of his criminal conduct. In this instant case, the accused had
committed numerous heinous crimes against his step-daughters, particularly
[O]. In the circumstances, the court would accord very little weight in the
accused’s favour.

Remorse

72 The accused said that he regretted committing these offences and had fully
cooperated with the police in their investigations. He had also written to his
ex-wife and step-daughters seeking for their forgiveness. The accused had also
pleaded guilty to all the 18 charges. Hence he had spared [O]’s agony of
reliving the events which would have caused much anxiety, stress and further
psychological harm to her.

73 The prosecution doubted that the accused was genuinely remorseful and
contrite for these offences. He said that the accused did not voluntarily
surrender to the authorities after he committed the sexual offences. Instead
the offences came to light because [O] and her friends were sharing the
experiences of how they lost their virginity. Secondly, the accused had down-
played the nature and extent of his sexual offences. This was the observation
made by Dr Bharat Saluja from the Institute of Mental Health. Thirdly, the
numerous offences committed by the accused against his step-daughters over a
prolong period only stopped after his ex-wife and step-daughters left the
accused.

74 Despite the prosecution’s suspicion on the genuineness of the accused’s
remorse, I am prepared to accept the fact that he now regretted his actions.
After his criminal conducts were discovered he fully cooperated with the
police during the investigations. He sought forgiveness from his ex-wife and
his step-daughters who were victims of his crimes. He had also pleaded guilty
and showed genuine remorse in the course of these proceedings.

Low risk of sexual re-offending

75 One very germane factor that is in the accused’s factor is mentioned by Dr
Bharat Saluja. A risk assessment was conducted and the results indicated that
there is a low chance of the accused committing sexual offences again.

Contributions to Singapore

76 The accused said that he served national service in 1997. During his youth
he had also represented Singapore International League when he played for the
Football Association of Singapore. In my view these are valid mitigating
factors that this court should take into consideration in determining the
appropriate sentence for the accused (see _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v Public
Prosecutor_ [1992] 1 SLR (R) 523 at [27] where the High Court took into
account as a mitigating factor the appellant’s distinguished record of public
service and service to the community in the education sector; and _Siah Ooi
Choe v Public Prosecutor_ [1988] 1 SLR (R) 309 at [4] where the High Court
took into account as a mitigating factor the appellant’s contributions to
community work and development.

The sentences

77 I have accepted that the accused is now remorseful for his actions and has
chosen to plead guilty. I have also acknowledged his contributions to the
nation and that he did not have any criminal antecedents. The weightiest
mitigating factor is his low probability of re-offending. However, this court
cannot ignore the vicious sexual crimes that he had committed over a prolonged
period. He had caused untold and almost irreparable harm to a very young,
innocent and vulnerable girl. The aggravating features in this case far
outweigh his mitigating factors to an enormous extent. Hence despite his low
risk of sexual re-offending it is necessary for this court to impose a
deterrent sentence that befits his heinous crimes.

The rape charges (charges 14 and 15)

78 In _Public Prosecutor v NF_ (at [24] to [38]) the court classified rape
into 4 broad categories depending on the gravity of the offence, and suggested
benchmark sentences for each of the categories:

_Category 1 rapes_

24 As noted above, the Court of Appeal in _Chia Kim Heng Frederick_ ([17]
supra) has already determined that the benchmark sentence for a rape offence
without mitigating or aggravating factors should be ten years' imprisonment
and not less than six strokes of the cane as a starting point. There is
absolutely no reason or basis to revise or revisit this benchmark.

_Category 2 rapes_

25 The common thread running through category 2 rapes is that there has been
exploitation of a particularly vulnerable victim - either because the
perpetrator is related to the victim in a way that allows him to abuse his
position of trust or authority, or the perpetrator exploits a numerical
advantage or acts out of hate towards a minority group.

26 The leading case in Singapore involving the rape of vulnerable victims is
_PP v B_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 227. In that case, the accused pleaded guilty to 3
counts of raping his daughter pursuant to s 376(1) of the PC. Several
aggravating factors were taken into account, including the following:

(a) he was the natural father of the victim;

(b) she was nine years old when he first raped her;

(c) she was physically handicapped;

(d) the rapes took place over a period of one year;

(e) no condoms were used;

(f) the victim suffered from deep psychological scars as a result; and

(g) he had a previous conviction of a similar offence.

The accused was sentenced by the trial court to merely 5 years' imprisonment
on each of the 3 charges of rape. Two of the sentences were ordered to run
consecutively. After an appeal by the Prosecution, the Court of Appeal
enhanced the sentence to 15 years' imprisonment on each charge, and ordered
that two of the sentences were to run consecutively, making a total of 30
years' imprisonment. No caning was ordered because the accused was 51 years
old.

…

36 This catalogue of cases reveals that where vulnerable victims are involved
or where the presence of one or more of the factors enunciated in _Millberry_
are present (see [20] above), the courts have tended to mete out sentences
ranging from 12 to 18 years' imprisonment with the majority of cases settling
on 12 strokes of the cane as the norm. In the light of the overarching and
compelling need for general deterrence in this genre of offences (see [39] and
[40] below), I am of the view that the appropriate starting point for category
2 rapes is 15 years' imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

_Category 3 rapes_

37 Category 3 rapes are those involving repeated rape of the same victim or of
multiple victims. I agree with the courts in _Millberry_ ([19] supra) and
_Billam_ ([19]) supra) that such offenders pose more than an ordinary danger
to society and therefore ought to be penalised severely with draconian
sentences. However, in most cases where the offender has terrorised the same
victim multiple times or where he has assaulted multiple victims, the
Prosecution would proceed with multiple charges against the accused. A
sentencing judge has then the option to exercise his discretion to order more
than one sentence to run consecutively in order to reflect the magnitude of
the offender's culpability. As such, there is no overriding need for judges to
commence sentencing at a higher benchmark than that applied to category 2
rapes. In fact, to do so may in many cases result in double accounting and
excessive sentences.

_Category 4 rapes_

38 Category 4 rapes are rapes committed by offenders who have demonstrated
that they will remain a threat to society for an indefinite period of time. In
contradistinction to England, the option of a life sentence is unavailable in
Singapore currently. Accordingly, it would not be inappropriate to sentence a
category 4 offender to the maximum allowed under s 376 of the PC, ie, 20
years' imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane, if the circumstances so
dictate.

79 I agree with the prosecution that the facts of this case fall within
category 2 rapes in which the suggested sentence is 15 years and 12 strokes of
the cane. As [O] was raped on four occasions, the facts of this case can also
come within category 3. This court can decide to order one of the sentences to
run consecutively to reflect the magnitude of the accused’s culpability.

80 In _Public Prosecutor v NF_ , the 48-year-old offender raped his 15-year-
old daughter once. He also had criminal antecedents for housebreaking, theft
and drug offences. He was sentenced to 15 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes
of the cane for the rape charge.

81 In _Public Prosecutor v YD_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 261, the 37-year-old offender
had claimed trial to 16 charges of statutory rape under s 375(e) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) and 26 charges of having carnal intercourse
against the order of nature (_viz_., fellatio), offences punishable under s
377 of the Penal Code. The victim was his step-daughter when she was between
11 and 13 years old. He was sentenced to a total sentence of 25 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

82 In _Public Prosecutor v AHB_ [2010] SGHC 138, the 43-year-old offender
faced 2 charges for outrage of modesty under s 354 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed), 1 charge of carnal intercourse against the order of nature
(_viz_., fellatio) punishable under s 377 of the Penal Code, 3 charges of
rape, 1 charge for sexual penetration punishable under s 376(3) of the Penal
Code and 1 charge for possession of obscene films under s 30(1) of the Films
Act (Cap 107, 1998 Rev Ed). The victim of the sexual offences was his
biological daughter who was 14 to 16 years old when the offences were
committed. She was impregnated. He was given a total sentence of 36 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

83 These sentencing precedents on rapes indicate that the courts have been
imposing harsh sentences for similar types of cases.

84 The statutory prescribed punishment for rape under s375(2) of the Penal
Code is mandatory imprisonment which may extend to 20 years and shall also be
liable to fine or to caning. I found the aggravating facts of the first rape
charge ie 14th charge particularly very disturbing. I accordingly impose 17
years’ imprisonment and 17 strokes of the cane. As for the other rape charge
ie 15th charge I sentence him to 15 years’ imprisonment and 14 strokes of the
cane.

Sexual penetration of a minor (2nd charge)

85 In this case there are 3 charges of sexual penetration although only 1 was
proceeded on. [O] was only 12 years old when the accused used his finger to
penetrate her vagina repeatedly. At that time she was bathing and he entered
the toilet to commit this offence. The accused also molested her naked body.
She was so terrified that she did not dare to retaliate for fear of being
beaten. Although the prescribed statutory minimum sentence is 8 years up to 20
years and 12 strokes of the cane I impose 10 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane.

Outraging of modesty (9th and 12th charges)

86 In this case the 2 charges of outraging of modesty committed by the accused
were aggravated. In the 9th charge he lifted [O]’s tee-shirt and bra to grope
[O]’s breasts and nipples. He also slid his hand under [O]’s panties and
touched her vulva. This lasted a few minutes. As for the 12th charge, he
pulled down [O]’s shorts and panties to her knee, lifted up her legs, and
licked her vagina.

87 For these 2 charges the prosecution suggested 18 months’ imprisonment and 4
strokes of the cane each. The statutory prescribed punishment under s354(2) of
the Penal Code is imprisonment up to 5 years or with fine or with caning or
with any combination of such punishments. There are many precedents for such
offences but the sentences vary widely depending on the facts of each case. I
am minded to impose a more severe sentence for each of the 2 charges in view
of the aggravating features in these charges. Accordingly, I sentence the
accused to 2 years’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane on each of these
charges.

Voluntarily causing hurt (6th and 10th charges)

88 There are also numerous sentencing precedents for such offence and the
sentences vary widely depending on the merits of each case. The most
aggravating factor in these 2 charges is the fact that he had assaulted both
his young step-daughters for not opening the main door to his flat as they
were sleeping. Upon entering the flat he entered the bedroom and slapped [O]
on her face, waking her up. He then pulled her hair and slammed her on the
floor. He also punched her on her ribs and kicked her on her back. He also
assaulted [Y] in the process, this offence forming the basis for the 7th
Charge (to be taken into consideration, see [4] above). The accused only
stopped assaulting them when the wife intervened. Fortunately, the children
did not suffer permanent serious injuries from this incident.

89 In the other incident which is the subject matter of the 10th charge the
accused became angry when he saw [O] text messaging with a boy and later found
a packet of cigarettes in her school bag. He slapped her face at the car-park.
When the wife asked the accused to stop hitting [O] in public, he directed
everyone to get into the car and then drove them to a secluded spot in the
vicinity of Changi Village:

… He then proceeded to the rear seat of the car (where [O] was still sitting).
There, he started to punch her and pull her hair. He also grabbed her head and
slammed it, repeatedly, against the rear door of the car. In addition, he also
kicked her back. He only stopped assaulting [O] when [the wife] intervened
some 5 to 10 minutes later.[note: 1]

90 The aggravating features here are that the accused had repeatedly punched
and kicked [O], pulling her hair and repeatedly slamming her head against the
rear door of his car. I sentence the accused to 6 months’ imprisonment for
each of these charges.

How many and which of the sentences are to run consecutively?

91 Section 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”)
requires the court to order at least two terms of imprisonment to run
consecutively, if at one trial a person is convicted and sentenced to
imprisonment for at least three distinct offences:

Subject to subsection (2), if at one trial a person is convicted and sentenced
to imprisonment for at least 3 distinct offences, the court before which he is
convicted must order the sentences for at least 2 of those offences to run
consecutively.

92 In deciding the number of terms of imprisonment to run consecutively, I
have to ensure that the total punishment does not have a crushing effect. In
_Maideen Pillai v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 706 at [11], it is
stated:

Of course, the sentencing court will bear in mind at all times the second limb
of the totality principle, that is, the need to avoid an aggregate sentence so
harsh as to be ‘crushing’ in its effect on the offender. Where consecutive
sentences are imposed on an offender, the overall punishment should be in
proportion to the overall gravity of his criminal conduct, taking into account
the circumstances in which he offended and also the pattern of his previous
behaviour.

93 In dealing with multiple terms of imprisonment, I am aware of the case of
_Teo Kian Leong v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 386, where Yong Pung How
CJ said that (at [8]):

No single consideration can conclusively determine the proper sentence and, in
arriving at the proper sentence, the court must balance many factors,
sometimes rejecting some. One factor that the court should consider is whether
the totality of the sentence to be served is proportional to the inherent
gravity of all the offences committed by the accused. Hence, while the
individual sentence for a particular offence may be perfectly appropriate, the
cumulative effect of the sentences may result in a total term of imprisonment
that is disproportionate to the overall criminality of the accused.

94 Balancing the aggravated criminality of the accused against his mitigating
factors, I order the sentences in the 2 rape charges (the 14th and 15th
charges) to run consecutively, while the other 5 sentences of imprisonment are
to run concurrently. The net result is 32 years’ imprisonment. This is an
appropriate deterrent punishment and is not a crushing punishment in the
context of the accused’s despicable and callous crimes.

Caning

95 I have imposed the following sentences of caning:

Charge |  Number of Strokes  
---|---  
2nd |  12  
9th |  6  
12th |  6  
14th |  17  
15th |  14  
Total |  55  
  
  

96 However s 328 of the CPC imposes a limit of 24 strokes. Therefore, I
sentence the accused to 24 strokes of the cane.

97 Section 328(2) of the CPC allows the court to “impose a term of
imprisonment of not more than 12 months in lieu of all such strokes which
exceed the specified limit.” I have decided not to impose further term of
imprisonment on the accused for the remainder 31 strokes of the cane as I am
of the view that the 32 years’ imprisonment is sufficient for his vile
criminal conduct.

Conclusion

98 In summary, the following sentences are meted out:

Charge |  Sentence  
---|---  
2nd  |  10 years’ imprisonment; 12 strokes of the cane  
6th |  6 months’ imprisonment  
9th |  2 years’ imprisonment; 6 strokes of the cane  
10th |  6 months’ imprisonment  
12th |  2 years imprisonment; 6 strokes of the cane  
14th |  17 years’ imprisonment; 17 strokes of the cane  
15th |  15 years’ imprisonment; 14 strokes of the cane  
  
  

99 I order the sentences of imprisonment for the 14th and 15th charges to run
consecutively from the date of his remand ie 17 March 2012.

100 The accused’s total sentence is thus 32 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes
of the cane.

101 I would like to thank the prosecution for their comprehensive submissions.

* * *

[note: 1]Para 51 of the Statement of Facts

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

