Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Ho Wei Yi  
[2014] SGHC 96

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 8 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 May 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Wen Hsien, Pushpa S and Melissa Lim, DPPs, for the
prosecution; Josehus Tan and Keith Lim (Fortis Law Corporation) for the
accused  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Ho Wei Yi  
  
14 May 2014|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

The Charge

1 The accused pleaded guilty to the following Charge:

“That you, **HO WEI YI** ,

on the 5th day of August 2009, between 9.55 p.m. and 10.30 p.m. at unit
#11-259, Block 110 McNair Road, Singapore, did commit culpable homicide not
amounting to murder, to wit, by starting a fire in the master bedroom of the
said unit while one Ho Shiong Chun (male, 58 years old) was in the room, which
act was done with the intention of causing such bodily injury as was likely to
cause the death of the said Ho Shiong Chun, and you have thereby committed an
offence punishable under section 304(a) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224 (2008
Revised Edition).”

2 The punishments provided for this offence are imprisonment for life or
imprisonment of up to 20 years with discretionary fine or caning.

The Statement of Facts (“SOF”)

3 The Statement of Facts below sets out the circumstances leading to the
offence. The accused admitted all the facts in the SOF without qualification.
The SOF reads:

**“Introduction**

1.The accused is Ho Wei Yi, a male Singaporean bearing NRIC number [redacted],
aged 33 years old, date of birth 10 April 1980 (“the Accused”).

2.The deceased is Ho Shiong Chun Michael, a male Singaporean bearing NRIC
number [redacted], date of birth 14 May 1951 (“the Deceased”).

3.Prior to his demise, the Deceased was a pastor with the Seventh-Day
Adventist Church located at Yio Chu Kang Road. He resided at Block 110 McNair
Road, #11-259, with his wife and two sons. The Accused was his younger son.

**Psychiatric history of the Accused and history of violence**

4.Investigations revealed that the Accused was formerly a patient of the
Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) and Adam Road Hospital.

5.The Accused was first admitted to IMH in December 2003 after experiencing a
psychotic episode. The Accused was discharged on 14 January 2004 and stopped
taking his antipsychotic medication shortly after his discharge.

6.In 2004, the Accused also sought treatment at Adam Road Hospital where he
underwent six sessions of Electroconvulsive Therapy (“ECT”). After ECT, he was
transferred back to IMH for follow-up treatment where antipsychotic medication
was continued.

7.The Accused’s psychiatric condition was kept under control until sometime in
December 2006 when he again stopped taking his medication. The Accused’s
condition then deteriorated and the Accused began to exhibit increasingly
hostile and violent behaviour at home and towards his family members from
2008. In particular, the Accused felt resentment against his parents for
making him undergo ECT against his will.

8.One of the most serious incidents of violence by the Accused against his
family took place on 2 July 2009. Sometime in the early hours of the morning
on 2 July 2009, the Accused became aggressive when the Deceased commented that
other patients who took psychiatric medication and underwent ECT could still
work. In his anger, the Accused attempted to physically force the Deceased to
swallow one of his (the Accused’s) old psychiatric pills and also hit the
Deceased over the eyebrows, causing a cut over his right eyebrow. The
Accused’s mother, who had been sleeping, was awakened by the noise. In the
ensuing fracas, the Accused also hit his mother once on the face and tried to
swing a plastic chair at her. This caused a large bruise on his mother’s face.
The Deceased and his wife then managed to run out of the house and called for
the police.

9.When the police arrived at the scene, they were unable to gain entry into
the flat as the Accused had barricaded the main door. After speaking to the
Accused briefly, the police left the scene. The Deceased and his wife spent
the rest of the night at a relative’s place.

10.Later that morning, when the Deceased and his wife returned to the flat,
the Accused again tried to force the Deceased to take his psychiatric
medication. In order to diffuse the situation, the Accused’s mother then
offered to take the pill and the Accused put a pill in her mouth. The Accused
then kicked his mother once in the pelvic region. The Accused’s parents then
left the flat again.

11.After leaving the flat, the Deceased and his wife went to see the Accused’s
psychiatrist, Dr Lee Cheng, and related the above incidents to him. On the
same day, the Accused’s parents proceeded to the Family Court to apply for a
Personal Protection Order against the Accused.

12.Dr Lee Cheng’s report on the Accused dated 22 March 2013 is enclosed at
**_Annex_**** _A_**.

**Events leading up to the commission of the offence**

13.On the afternoon of 5 August 2009, the Accused attended a counselling
session at the Family Court with his parents. During this session, the Accused
became aware that his mother had several medical reports in her possession
that evidenced the Accused’s violent behaviour against her. The matter was
adjourned to 19 August 2009 and the Accused proceeded home separately from his
parents.

14.Later that evening at about 6pm when the Accused and his parents returned
home, the Accused demanded to see the medical reports. The Accused’s parents
then proceeded to their vehicle to retrieve the reports. Back at the flat, the
Accused took all the medical reports and went through them one by one. He then
crumpled them. The Accused’s mother observed that the Accused appeared to be
“not himself” and looked “angry”. As she was afraid that the Accused would
turn violent towards her, she left the house.

15.The Accused’s mother then returned to the flat at about 8.15pm to retrieve
her handbag and carkeys, and saw the Deceased alone at home at the time. The
Deceased told her that the Accused had gone out. This was the last time the
Deceased was seen alive. The Accused’s mother told the Deceased that she was
still afraid. She then left the house again and did not return until after
11pm when she was informed that the flat had caught fire.

16.Investigations also revealed that on the evening of 5 August 2009, the
Accused left his house sometime just after 7.00pm and took the train from Boon
Keng MRT station to Dhoby Ghaut MRT Station. Thereafter, he travelled to
Chinatown and only arrived back at Boon Keng MRT Station sometime at about
9.30pm.

17.CCTV footage shows that the Accused had taken the lift up to the 11th floor
of Block 110 McNair Road at about 9.52pm. Investigations revealed that the
Accused proceeded to start a fire in the master bedroom of unit #11-259,
knowing that the Deceased was in the master bedroom at the time. He then left
the unit and padlocked the gate. As the Accused left the unit, he made no
attempt to alert the Deceased about the fire or evacuate him from the unit. By
so doing, the Accused had the intention to cause such bodily injury as was
likely to cause the death of the Deceased.

18.Thereafter, the accused was seen taking the lift down from the eleventh
floor to the ground floor at about 10.05pm. During this interval, the CCTV
footage did not show anyone else taking the lifts to or from the eleventh
floor of Block 110 McNair Road.

**First Information Report and discovery of the Deceased’s body**

19.On 5 August 2009 at about 9.55pm, the police received a “999” call stating
“ _Police please come, I being beaten (sic)_ ”. The incident location was
given as Block 110 McNair Road #11-259. The caller’s number was “90124451”,
which was subsequently ascertained to be the Deceased’s handphone number. The
First Information Report is enclosed at **_Annex_**** _B_**.

20.The same night at about 10.02pm, a second call was received from the
Deceased, requesting that the police attend at the scene immediately.

21.At about 10.05pm, the police arrived at Block 110 McNair Road #11-259. They
knocked on the door but there was no response. A minute or two later, the
police officers smelled smoke coming from within the unit. Immediately, the
officers tried opening the gate but found that it was padlocked.

22.The police officers then tried to open the main wooden door and found that
it was not locked. They managed to push the wooden door ajar and found that
the unit was filled with thick black smoke and was in total darkness.

23.The police saw flames emerging from a room. The height of the flames was
more than a metre high. As they were unable to gain entry into the flat, the
police called the Singapore Civil Defence Force (“SCDF”) for assistance.

24.At about 10.11pm, SCDF officers arrived at scene. The broke the padlock of
the main gate to unit #11-259 and proceeded to put out the fire. They then
conducted a search of the unit and discovered the Deceased’s body face-down in
a corner of the toilet adjoining the master bedroom. At about 11.55pm, the
Deceased was pronounced dead.

**Facts leading to the arrest of the Accused**

25.Based on interviews with the family of the Accused, the Accused’s frequent
haunts were established and plainclothes officers were deployed at these
locations.

26.On 6 August 2009 at about 9.45am, the Accused was spotted exiting from the
ground floor male restroom of Velocity Shopping Centre (also known as Novena
Square), located along Thomson Road. He was immediately placed under arrest
and escorted to the Criminal Investigation Department.

**Autopsy**

27.On 6 August 2009, an autopsy was conducted by Dr Paul Chui on the Deceased.
The certified cause of death was stated to be “**Inhalation of fire fumes** ”.

28.The autopsy report and its clarificatory reports dated 6 January 2010, 21
June 2010 and 8 February 2013 are enclosed collectively at **_Annex_****
_C_**.

**Psychiatric condition of the accused after arrest**

29.After his arrest, the Accused appeared unable to assist in investigations.
The Accused was then referred to the IMH for psychiatric assessment.

30.In his report dated 31 August 2009, Dr Todd Tomita of IMH diagnosed the
Accused to be mentally ill and suffering from schizophrenia. He noted that the
Accused’s psychotic disorder may have triggered and reduced his ability to
control his aggressive impulses, but it would not have overwhelmed his ability
to know what he was doing was wrong. He also opined that the Accused was fit
to plead and stand trial, although his ability to assist in investigations
would be partially impaired by his mental illness. A copy of Dr Tomita’s
reports dated 31 August 2009 and 2 September 2009 are enclosed at **_ANNEX
D_**.

31.In subsequent reports dated 12 May 2010 and 17 June 2010, Dr Todd Tomita
opined that the Accused was unfit to plead and to stand trial, and recommended
that the Accused be remanded to IMH under Section 310 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2008 Rev Ed). Consequently, pursuant to an Order by
the Minister under Section 310(2) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2008
Rev Ed) dated 9 November 2010, the Accused was remanded at IMH from 10
November 2010 to 20 September 2011. A copy of Dr Tomita’s reports dated 12 May
2010, 17 June 2010 and 16 June 2011 are enclosed collectively at **_ANNEX
E_**.

32.In an IMH Visitor Board Summary dated 5 September 2011, Dr Tejpal Singh
opined that the Accused was now fit to plead and stand trial. He recommended
that the Accused be remitted to Court to enter a plea and stand trial. A copy
of the Visitor Board Summary and its Appendix A (Dr Tejpal Singh’s report
dated 19 September 2011) is enclosed at **_ANNEX F_**.

33.In a letter dated 3 October 2011 to the Subordinate Courts, Dr Tejpal Singh
noted that the Accused’s mental state has “improved over the recent months
with medication”, and that he is fit to plead. Accordingly, Dr Singh requested
that a hearing date be fixed. Dr Singh’s letter dated 3 October 2011 is
enclosed at **_ANNEX G_** _._

34.Dr Tejpal Singh proceeded to issue two further clarificatory reports in
respect of the Accused’s condition, dated 3 July 2012 and 24 April 2013
respectively. His reports dated 3 July 2012 and 24 April 2013 are enclosed
collectively at **_ANNEX H_**.

**Accused’s version of events**

35.After his arrest, the Accused refused to give any information about the
incident unless his counsel was present as a witness.

36.In his statement dated 5 June 2012, the Accused claims that he heard voices
on the night of 5 August 2009. He thought there was poison gas blowing at him
from the door of the master bedroom, and also heard the Deceased shouting for
help from the master bedroom.

37.The Accused claims that he then heard voices coming from the bed in the
master bedroom. Wanting to exorcise the evil spirits from the bed, the Accused
took two pieces of A4-sized paper from the living room table and a kitchen
stove lighter, and walked back to the master bedroom. The Accused then placed
the two sheets of paper on the bed and lit them using the kitchen stove
lighter.

38.The Accused claims that after he started the fire, the voices he heard
became louder and scarier, and began to sound like sirens. The Accused claims
that he then panicked and ran out of the house.

39.Ad he left the house, the Accused padlocked the gate. The Accused knew that
the Deceased was in the master bedroom at the time, but made no effort to
alert him about the fire or evacuate him from the flat.

40.After the Accused left the flat, he thought about going back to extinguish
the fire, but decided against it as he knew the Deceased had called the police
and he was afraid that he would be arrested for arson.

**Conclusion**

41.By starting a fire in the master bedroom, knowing that the Deceased was in
the master bedroom, and padlocking the main gate to unit #11-259, Block 110
McNair Road, thereby preventing the Deceased from escaping the fire in the
unit, the Accused intended to cause such bodily injury as is likely to cause
the death of the Deceased. The Accused has therefore committed culpable
homicide not amounting to murder, an offence punishable under Section 304(a)
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).”

4 The Annexures referred to in the SOF are not set out in this judgment as
there are about 150 pages of text altogether. References will be made to them
where relevant.

The prosecution’s submissions on sentence

5 The accused has no criminal record. The prosecution submitted that the
principles of deterrence and rehabilitation would be most relevant in this
case. It suggested that an appropriate sentence would be between 8 and 10
years’ imprisonment without caning.

6 The prosecution highlighted that the accused had a history of psychiatric
illness since 2003. He has been diagnosed with chronic paranoid schizophrenia
which manifested itself in paranoid delusion, auditory hallucination, social
withdrawal and agitated and aggressive behaviour. The accused was however fit
to plead in court and to stand trial. He was not of unsound mind at the
material time. He knew what he was doing and knew that it was wrong to set
fire in his home (hereinafter referred to as “the flat”).

7 The gravity of the offence had to be taken into consideration. There was the
greatest possible damage to a person and to property. The autopsy report noted
that there were thermal injuries (full skin thickness burns) over the vast
majority of the deceased’s body. Dr Paul Chui opined that the deceased was
alive and actively breathing for a period of time during the fire in the flat.
This was evidenced by the high levels of carboxyhaemoglobin and the presence
of soot in the deceased’s airways and oesophagus. It was also in evidence that
at least 2 calls for help were made by the deceased to the police during the
time the blaze was engulfing the flat. The deceased was elderly and did not
attack the accused in any way.

8 The prosecution also noted that the fire was started in a housing estate at
night when most of the residents would have been at home. Others were put in
peril by the accused’s acts. It was fortuitous that no injury to the
neighbours and no damage to the adjoining flats were occasioned by the fire.

9 The prosecution also submitted that the acts of the accused should be viewed
in the context of his strained relationship with his parents and the extent of
his insight and understanding of his psychiatric condition. It was clear that
the accused felt resentment at having been made to undergo ECT. This
resentment, coupled with his refusal to take his medication, resulted in his
increasingly hostile and violent behaviour towards his family members from
2008. The resentment and hostility were not caused by his psychiatric illness.
He did not want to go to hospital but feared that this was becoming
increasingly likely as his parents were determined to proceed with the
application for a Personal Protection Order against him.

10 The various psychiatric reports on the accused showed that he was capable
of making rational choices. For instance, his decision not to go back to the
flat to try to extinguish the flames was because he knew his father had called
the police and he did not want to return and be arrested for arson. This was
clearly a reality-based decision driven by self-preservation rather than by
his psychiatric condition. He was also able to disregard his auditory
hallucinations at times. This was demonstrated by the incident after the fire
when he “nearly listened” to voices telling him to jump off a building but did
not do so after recalling a Bible verse.

11 Dr Tejpal Singh of IMH, who had taken over the care of the accused from
July 2011 until he was returned to the prison, was of the opinion that the
accused’s condition, a relapsing and remitting illness, had improved with
medication. As long as the accused took his medication regularly (which meant
daily for the rest of his life), his mental state was likely to be stable.
Otherwise, he would be at a high risk of relapse and pose a danger to the
public. The difficulty was that the accused did not believe that he needed
treatment. Treatment could be provided for him in prison, a hospital or a
structured setting. His mental state and risks would have to be re-assessed at
the time of his release from prison. The psychiatrist would not recommend that
the accused stay with his mother as there were concerns about her depression.
He recommended that the accused be admitted to a forensic psychiatric ward at
IMH as a step-down measure upon completion of sentence and thereafter be sent
to supported accommodation in the community or to a long-stay ward at IMH. He
could also live at home with family members who are willing and able to care
for him and who could ensure compliance with treatment.

12 The prosecution pointed out that the accused’s apparently stable condition
at present was probably attributable to his treatment in custody. The IMH
psychiatrist’s report of 24 April 2013 still contained reservations about the
depth of the accused’s insight into his mental condition and the need for
treatment. The psychiatrist reported that “although he accepts our account of
his diagnosis, need for treatment and his potential risks, I am not sure if it
is a true and deep understanding”.

13 The prosecution also referred to a letter dated 20 January 2014 from the
Member of Parliament (“MP”) for Whampoa where it was stated that the accused’s
elder brother and his (the brother’s) wife had approached and said to the MP
that they would not be able “to support two mentally unwell persons” (meaning
the accused and the mother) and that they were worried that the accused might
be a danger to their family which includes a young child. Accordingly, the
prosecution submitted that a suitably long imprisonment term should be imposed
as the accused still required close supervision and a structured environment
to address his condition. The probability of a relapse remained high with the
attendant risks to himself and to others.

The mitigation and submissions for the accused

14 The accused’s counsel urged the court to impose a term of 4 to 6 years’
imprisonment. The accused, who was 29 years old at the time of the offence,
had a long documented history of psychiatric illness. That was kept in check
until sometime in December 2006 when he stopped taking his medication. His
mental state deteriorated thereafter. The present offence had a causal link to
his mental disorder.

15 Citing the Court of Appeal’s decision in _PP v Aniza bte Essa_ [2009] 3
SLR(R) 327, the accused’s counsel submitted that the accused was not of so
unstable a character that he would be likely to re-offend in the future.
Deterrence has little or no effect on mentally unstable offenders. It was
argued that rehabilitation ought to be at the forefront when considering the
length of imprisonment given the accused’s low likelihood of re-offending.

16 In a report made in July 2013, Dr M Winslow, senior consultant psychiatrist
in the Singapore Prison Service, noted that the accused was aware of his
illness and that his mental state had stabilized with medication. The accused
was relevant and rational, with an euthymic or normal mood in the
circumstances. The treatment appeared to have ameliorated his psychiatric
symptoms which had gone into remission. He was aware of his need for long-term
medication and treatment and had shown good response to anti-psychotic
medication. He also appeared willing to undergo psychiatric rehabilitation and
treatment for the long term. In Dr Winslow’s opinion, before the accused could
be considered for community treatment or rehabilitation, he should undergo a
period of observation and rehabilitation at the IMH so that his progress could
be better observed and he could take part in programmes to understand his
illness better. He could also undergo supervised medication.

17 Given that the accused had a low risk of recidivism if he complied with
treatment, the court should be primarily concerned about whether he would
comply with medication and treatment upon his release from imprisonment. He
had faithfully complied throughout his period in remand and, on one occasion,
even reminded the prison staff to give him his medication when that was
overlooked.

18 In a handwritten note, the accused reminisced about his deceased father. He
also stated that he now understood that he has an extremely severe and major
mental illness and that he would hurt himself or other innocent people if he
did not take his medication daily and continue with his treatment. He believed
that he was no longer as foolish, proud and stubborn as before.

19 The accused also has strong support from his family members. In a joint
affidavit affirmed in June 2013, his mother (aged 59), his male cousin (aged
33), his paternal uncle (aged 58) and his paternal aunt (aged 66) pledged that
they would be responsible for the accused’s daily care and provide him with
the necessary financial and emotional support. They would also ensure that he
adhere strictly to his treatment and medication. Should the accused refuse to
comply, they undertook to immediately contact the authorities referred to in
the Mental Health (Care and Treatment) Act (Cap 178A, 2012 Rev Ed). They would
also help the accused to secure gainful employment upon his release from
prison. The uncle and the aunt do not reside in the flat in issue. The cousin
did not reside there too but has been doing so from the time the joint
affidavit was affirmed.

20 In response to what the accused’s elder brother and his wife had said to
the MP (see [13] above), the defence counsel argued that the two of them were
no longer residing in the flat. They were also not asked to play a supportive
role for the accused’s rehabilitation.

21 The accused was genuinely remorseful over what he had done to his father.
His sole concern now is to spend as much time as possible with his aging
mother and, when he is able, to provide for and take care of her.

22 It was further argued that caning ought not to be imposed because he was
suffering from mental impairment at the time of the offence (_PP v Hwang Yew
Kong_ [2006] SGHC 22). Two previous cases involving mentally impaired accused
persons in family tragedies were also referred to. They were _PP v Lee Show
Fui_ (unreported) and _PP v Han John Han_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1180. The sentence
in the first case was five years’ imprisonment. In the second case, the
original sentence of 3 years was enhanced on appeal to 5 years. As the present
accused’s case was “obviously less graphic and/or heinous”, “a similar and/or
lower term of imprisonment would be appropriate”. An imprisonment term of 4 to
6 years would therefore be just.

The decision of the court

23 Bearing in mind the amount of time the accused had spent in custody
(whether in prison under remand or in IMH), I sentenced him to 8 years’
imprisonment backdated to 21 September 2011(the day he ceased to be under the
Minister’s order – see paragraph 31 of the SOF above). I agreed that caning
was not appropriate in the circumstances of this case.

24 It was clear that the accused’s state of mind was directly affected by his
compliance with medication and treatment. He has been doing well in the recent
past because of such compliance after his arrest. It was equally clear that
his compliance took place in controlled surroundings with structural support,
whether in prison or in IMH. Before the offence took place, the history showed
that he was not a person who could be counted upon to take care of himself by
faithfully consuming his prescribed medication. We have seen what he could do
to his mother when he was unwell due to his non-compliance with medication.
The offence also revealed how dangerous he could be to his family and the kind
of collateral damage that he could have inflicted on his neighbours in the
housing estate. It would therefore be highly unsafe and irresponsible to
release him too soon into society.

25 The relatives who affirmed the affidavit pledging their support for the
accused have good intentions and high hopes. However, I am not confident that
they will be able to discipline the accused once he is a free man. The accused
has proved that he is not a docile person. Even after his arrest, he could
refuse to cooperate with the police unless he had legal representation (see
paragraph 35 of the SOF). A man who had no fear of law enforcement officers
while in custody does not appear to me to be someone who would placidly obey
the persuasion of his kind relatives when he has liberty.

26 Among the four relatives, three are not young. They may not be able to
protect themselves if the accused turns violent. The mother has some problems
of her own. The uncle and the aunt cannot be with the accused all the time.
The cousin is male and is about the same age as the accused but he will have
his own life to take care of and is unlikely to be able to spend many waking
hours with the accused. No evidence has been shown that the relatives were
particularly close to the accused in the past. I do not think they will be in
a position to cope with and to keep the strong-willed accused in check if he
is given his liberty too soon.

27 For these reasons, I was of the view that an appropriate term of
imprisonment would be 8 years backdated to 21 September 2011.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 May 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

