Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lena Leowardi _v_ Yeap Cheen Soo  
[2014] SGHC 44

Case Number| :| Suit No 931 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 March 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S Gunaseelan (S Gunaseelan & Partners) for the plaintiff;
Ong Ying Ping, Lim Seng Siew (OTP Law Corporation) for the defendant; .  
Parties| :|  Lena Leowardi — Yeap Cheen Soo  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 55 of
2014 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 26 November 2014. See  [2014] SGCA
57.]

11 March 2014|  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye JC:

Introduction

1 The Plaintiff, Lena Leowardi, took out an action to claim two sums, namely
$200,000 and $340,000, from the Defendant, Yeap Cheen Soon. These were loans
advanced by the Plaintiff to the borrower, Choong Kok Kee (“Choong”) and the
Defendant guaranteed the repayment of these loans. Choong defaulted on these
loans. The Plaintiff seeks to recover these two sums from the Defendant. The
key issue in this case is whether the loans made by the Plaintiff to Choong
constitute the business of illegal moneylending prohibited under the
Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (the “Act”). If yes, it will render
the guarantees by the Defendant unenforceable pursuant to s 14(2)(a) of the
Act. Therefore, the Plaintiff’s case must be dismissed. If no, judgement must
be entered for the Plaintiff as the Defendant chose to submit a no case to
answer at the close of the Plaintiff’s case.

Facts

Introduction of Choong to the Plaintiff

2 The Plaintiff is an Indonesian business woman. She lives at 304 Orchard
Road, Lucky Plaza Apartments, Singapore. She is acquainted with PW1, Thomas
Tan Boon Chai, who owns a jewellery store known as “Boon Chai Jewellery” in
the same building.

3 On 29 November 2010, PW1 was introduced to Choong by his long-time friend
Grace Soh. Ms Soh came to his store together with Choong and Steven Pang Kia
Boon. Choong informed PW1 that he was the beneficiary of funds under his
brother-in-law’s estate in the United Kingdom worth US$7.2m (the “Funds”).
Choong also told PW1 that the Funds had already been transferred to Bank
Negara, Malaysia so as to enjoy a lower tax rate. Choong requested from PW1 a
loan of $140,000 to pay the administrative fees required to release the Funds.
He promised to repay the loan within three to four weeks together with a
reward of $100,000. PW1 then lent $140,000 to Choong. Subsequently, PW1 lent
further sums to Choong despite Choong not returning him any money. He lent to
Choong $250,000 on 20 January 2011, $44,000 on 11 February 2011 and $25,000 on
25 April 2011. These loans were also advanced to enable Choong to pay the
alleged administrative fees so as to secure the release of the Funds..
According to PW1’s police report,[note: 1] he was promised a reward of
$163,000 by Choong in return for all the loans.

4 In March 2011, Choong asked PW1 to lend him $200,000 for the same purpose as
mentioned above. However, PW1 was unable to do so. PW1 then approached the
Plaintiff and informed her of Choong’s situation and asked if she could lend
Choong the money. PW1 also informed her that he wanted to help Choong retrieve
the Funds so that Choong could repay him the loan monies he had already
advanced. However, the Plaintiff was initially suspicious of the matter and
requested for more information and proof.

5 Sometime in March 2011, PW1 introduced the Plaintiff to Choong. The latter
told the Plaintiff about the Funds and how he needed money to secure their
release. Choong also produced some documentary proof to verify his tale. The
Plaintiff informed Choong that she would only be willing to lend him the money
if he could obtain a guarantee from a third party for the repayment of any
loan advanced. The Plaintiff also requested for the loan agreement to be drawn
up by a lawyer.

The First Loan Agreement

6 On 22 March 2011, the Plaintiff met Choong and the Defendant at the lawyer’s
office of Messrs Oliver Quek & Associates to execute the loan agreement (the
“First Loan Agreement”). The Plaintiff met the Defendant for the first time on
that occasion. The Defendant was the guarantor for this loan agreement. Under
this agreement the Plaintiff agreed to lend $200,000 to Choong. The latter was
to repay the said sum within 6 weeks of the date of the agreement. There was
no provision for any interest payment for the loan. The Defendant pledged his
apartment at 3 Petain Road #03-02, Singapore as security for this Loan.
Subsequently, the Plaintiff advanced the $200,000 to Choong.

7 Prior to the meeting on 22 March 2011, the Plaintiff had signed a promissory
note issued by Choong on 20 March 2011. The promissory note stated that Choong
was to pay the Plaintiff $400,000 in return for her “investment” of $200,000.
The Defendant was not aware of this promissory note.

The Second Loan Agreement

8 In April 2011, Choong requested for more money from the Plaintiff and showed
her a document purporting to prove that he needed to pay more money to secure
the release of the Funds. The Plaintiff agreed to loan him a further sum of
$380,000. Similarly, another loan agreement was executed at the office of
Messrs Oliver Quek & Associates on 15 April 2011 (the “Second Loan
Agreement”). Under the Second Loan Agreement, Choong promised to repay the
$380,000 within 6 months. Like the First Loan Agreement, the Second Loan
Agreement also had no provision for any interest payment. The Defendant was
not a party to the Second Loan Agreement and instead, it was Choong who
pledged his HDB Apartment at Block 212 Bishan Street 23 #06-249, Singapore, as
security under the Second Loan Agreement.

9 After the Plaintiff had advanced the $380,000 to Choong, the latter issued
her another promissory note which she duly signed on 18 April 2011. Under this
promissory note, Choong agreed to pay the Plaintiff an additional $250,000 on
top of the loan of $380,000.

The Third Loan Agreement

10 Choong continued to ask for a further loan from the Plaintiff in May 2011.
The Plaintiff, Choong and the Defendant then entered into another loan
agreement on 25 May 2011 at the office of Messrs Oliver Quek & Associates (the
“Third Loan Agreement”). The Plaintiff agreed to lend $340,000 to Choong who
promised to return it within 6 months. There was, again, no provision for
interest payment. The Third Loan Agreement provided that the Defendant would
personally guarantee the repayment of this loan. Similar to the First Loan
Agreement, the Defendant also pledged his apartment at 3 Petain Road #03-02,
Singapore as security for the Third Loan Agreement. The Plaintiff subsequently
advanced the $340,000 to Choong the following day.

11 The Defendant was also unaware that Choong had given the Plaintiff a
promissory note for this loan. The promissory note was signed by the Plaintiff
and Choong on 26 May 2011. Under the promissory note, Choong promised to pay
the Plaintiff an additional $340,000 in addition to the loan amount.

The Fourth Loan Agreement

12 On 7 June 2011 the Plaintiff gave a further loan of $120,000 to Choong (the
“Fourth Loan Agreement”). The circumstances under which this loan was entered
into were different. No formal loan agreement was executed. Instead, the loan
was evidenced by a hand-written promissory note which stated that a “friendly
loan” of $120,000 was advanced by the Plaintiff to Choong. There was no
mention of any additional payment or reward. There was also no provision of a
guarantee or security in the promissory note. However, the Plaintiff said that
PW1 verbally guaranteed the repayment of the $120,000. The Defendant was not
involved in this loan.

The Aftermath

13 Choong never received the Funds which he supposedly inherited. He defaulted
on all of the loan agreements and was declared bankrupt. The Plaintiff was
also unable to enforce the security against the HDB apartment pledged by
Choong under the Second Loan Agreement. The Plaintiff then commenced the
present proceedings against the Defendant as guarantor for the First and Third
Loan Agreements. She seeks to retrieve from the Defendant the loan monies
amounting to $540,000 which she had advanced to Choong.

Defendant’s submission of no case to answer

14 At the close of the Plaintiff’s case, the Defendant made a submission of no
case to answer. The Defendant argues that “accepting the plaintiff’s evidence
at its face value, no case has been established in law”: _Bansal Hemant
Govindprasad and another v Central Bank of India_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 33 at [11].
It is the Defendant’s submission that the loan transactions were unlicensed
moneylending activities prohibited by the Act. This is because the Plaintiff
lent sums of money to Choong in consideration of a larger sum being repaid.
Therefore, the plaintiff is presumed to be a moneylender under s 3 of the Act.
The Defendant submitted that the Plaintiff has failed to rebut this
presumption. Hence loan agreements including the guarantee are unenforceable
pursuant to s 14(2)(a) of the Act. :

14(2). Where any contract for a loan has been granted by an unlicensed
moneylender, or any guarantee or security has been given for such a loan —

(a) the contract for the loan, and the guarantee or security, as the case may
be, shall be unenforceable …

The Plaintiff’s case

15 The Plaintiff argued that the presumption of being a moneylender does not
apply to her as she had not lent Choong money in consideration of a larger sum
being repaid. The Plaintiff maintained that the loans given to Choong were
interest-free. She also submitted that she did not ask for the promissory
notes. According to her, it was Choong who gave her the promissory notes after
she handed him the monies. She said she could not object and signed the
promissory notes as requested by Choong. Hence, the Plaintiff regarded the
promissory notes as invalid. She maintained that she only regarded the loan
agreements, which were drafted by a lawyer, to be valid and enforceable
contracts. Thus, she is only claiming against the Defendant under the loan
agreements and not under the promissory notes. Therefore, the presumption
under s 3 of the Act does not arise and the Plaintiff has not contravened the
Act.

16 The Plaintiff also argued that, in any event, even if the presumption
applied to her, it was rebutted as she was not in the business of
moneylending. She claimed she loaned the money to Choong to help her friend,
PW1, to recover his monies. She was only prepared to grant loans to Choong
provided each of these loans was secured by a guarantor or by property.

Issues

17 These are the issues for the court to decide:

(a) Does this case come within the ambit of the Act?

(b) Does the presumption of being a moneylender under s 3 of the Act apply to
the Plaintiff?

(c) Is the presumption rebutted by evidence that the Plaintiff is not in the
business of moneylending?

Submission of no case to answer

18 I bear in mind that the Defendant has made a no case to answer submission.
This has important ramifications for the defendant. In _Tan Juay Pah v Kimly
Construction Pte Ltd and others_ [2012] 2 SLR 549, the Court of Appeal
explained at [37]:

It is important to note that because [the defendant] made a submission of “no
case to answer” in the court below, the threshold against which the above
questions are to be assessed is that of whether a _prima facie_ case has been
established by [the plaintiff] against [the defendant], and not that of
whether a case against [the defendant] has been established on a balance of
probabilities. …

19 Thus the Plaintiff only has to establish a _prima facie_ case. I must
assume that any evidence led by the Plaintiff is true unless it is inherently
incredible or out of all common sense or reason: _Relfo Ltd (in liquidation) v
Bhimji Velji Jadva Varsani_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 657 at [20].Therefore, as Chan Sek
Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal) in _Lim Swee Khiang
and another v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd and others_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 745 noted at
[84], where the defendant elects not to give any evidence on a submission of
no case to answer, the burden on the Plaintiff is simply to prove a _prima
facie_ case and such a burden “is not difficult to discharge”.

20 However, even though the plaintiff only needs to establish a _prima facie_
case, this does not relinquish the plaintiff of his burden of proof. The
burden of proof still lies on the plaintiff to prove the essential elements of
his claim based on the totality of the evidence that is presented, albeit
subject to minimum evaluation. If the evidence adduced does not in any way
establish a particular element of the Plaintiff’s claim, then the Plaintiff’s
claim must fail. It must be borne in mind that even though the Plaintiff is
given certain leeway such that it may be easier for him to prove certain facts
with evidence under minimum evaluation, those facts must nonetheless still be
proven by the plaintiff. Bearing this in mind, I shall proceed to address the
issues raised in this case.

Does this case come within the ambit of the Moneylenders Act?

21 The determination of this issue depends on the purpose and the scope of the
Act. This will involve perusing the apposite provisions of the Act to
ascertain whether the factual matrix of this case comes within the Act. This
is a pivotal issue as the case stands or falls on the determination of this
issue, _ie_ whether or not the loan transactions were unlicensed moneylending
activities under the Act. If the two loans in questions were not unlicensed
moneylending transactions, judgement must be awarded to the Plaintiff.
Conversely, if these were acts of unlicensed moneylending that are prohibited
by the Act, I shall have to dismiss the Plaintiff’s case given that she did
not have a licence for carrying out the business of moneylending at the
material time nor did her loan transactions come within the exemptions
provided by the Act.

22 I have to ascertain the meaning of moneylending to decide whether the Act
applies to this case. This will be further explained below.

Does the presumption of being a moneylender apply to the Plaintiff?

23 Under the Act there is a presumption of being a moneylender. This is under
s 3 of the Act:

Any person, other than an excluded moneylender, who lends a sum of money in
consideration of a larger sum being repaid shall be presumed, until the
contrary is proved, to be a moneylender.

24 If I come to the finding that the loan agreements, particularly the First
and Third Loans which the Defendant had guaranteed, did not involve repayment
of a sum of money greater than the sum loaned, then these loan transactions do
not come within the scope of the Act. The Defendant submitted that the
promissory notes signed by the Plaintiff should be read together with the
corresponding loan agreements and that they are proof that the Plaintiff was
promised considerations greater than the amounts she loaned _vis-à-vis_ the
First Loan Agreement, Second Loan Agreement and Third Loan Agreement. The
Plaintiff submitted on the other hand that they should not be read together
with the loan agreements. She argued that she only relied upon the loan
agreements entered into at the office of Messrs Oliver Quek & Associates which
were prepared by a lawyer and that she regarded the promissory notes as
invalid and unenforceable. Although she did not object to the promissory notes
and signed them as requested by Choong, she submitted that she had never
requested for them to constitute consideration for the loans and that it was
Choong who gave them to her without her asking for them. Therefore, to
determine this issue, I must assess the promissory notes and determine their
relationship with the loan agreements.

The promissory notes

25 Although the subject matter of the proceedings relate only to the first and
third loans, all four loans must be looked at to provide a proper context for
assessing the relevant promissory notes. Therefore, I shall also look at the
second and fourth loans even though they are not related to the claims made by
the Plaintiff.

26 The corresponding promissory note for the First Loan Agreement was dated 20
March 2011. This note was signed by the Plaintiff and Choong. The Defendant
was not involved. In fact he was not aware of this note. The First Loan
Agreement was only signed two days later, _ie_ 22 March 2011, by the
Plaintiff, the Defendant and Choong. The promissory note for the First Loan
Agreement states:

This is to confirm that Ms Lena Leowardi I/C:
![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAD8AAABCCAIAAABvgZmXAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAABBxJREFUaEPVmq9PK0EQx8uTFZWIiooKBIakCYRUVNSS4hBVKJJ6LP9CfRPwbUJVGyQIBJBAChiS/jAQwgMMAdEn+75kXqb7esve7e5cf5wg5G529jOzc7NzO10ajUaJhb1+LSz5N/iC05+dnS39f+EOL8j9/f3R0RE/x/+4M0fL9fn5eXd3t729zUynp6d4GXD/4OBAC1qtViEwD1eCILrdrkr/9vZG9gAUxuDCP6olc2LAP3o189TrdaDD8XC/6mA2iczAis3c/Rp6kAFdS/b4+Mgr8JPMNE3S0MPxBgI1hCYWZ5rcNJcmY5ZKJUNWyefz/PT19dUh/zQaDUpivV7PYbg6REOfzWYNStPpND99fn52mB7vFUZhhVdWVhyGh9CbNWYyGZ8psV20Wi1o2Nvb89FDY6e91yL50sQbGxsLRv/19bW/v085bXl5ecHoz8/PiXhra8sf3TdyksmkFcTJyQnJb25uWg38SVgT9+/v7wbVT09P/NScnSaUID/WajXcPDw8FEHX+/7l5cWgfTAY0FOkPKvY7XQ6NLBQKEjRa/baSqVi2DXxlOamUjT6xTZHHxIqqa9zUM9oR15eXrpBoKSjge12O5QpuoCeHlERNABVNJXN+It6M/ockORPBdnSSE9PfsKUcBUiBH95ekSOLTrkWaGVzaHCGnqwIkKQGdRvK0DjjltND4VE7zbcYIOG3vZ1DPUQf3aGStoKxF7nIM1TWUalpewVOz1XB7lcThb9WxsvFquWjRxSa95DbAOG5TW+Hw6HUk66uroiVVJl2QSYht7/g43n4LJMsjpQLaBVUM9zpFY5vjQ/jnZCnzg2Q2q33ZKCsctJRjzNj+nVI5qJqPqp2on4knFZEVHeQWyccxwGG4ZwWYYVkNWsaosr319fX9NKquc/UqlsrCcOx6CQjDXNm/K9v4ceHh5Iyc7OjkGbQOsgDt/z95e5mvdvHci/tZzEIp7x+7QO5Okd0jxHl23rQJ7eIc2r74ZV60CY3i3NM71t60A43/Mhq1uat24dCOYc5zQf8dNCLWroI0TS9zc3N8Sxu7vrv2kENQRbB5L0x8fHNOXq6moc9EGdYvQ4neVD1lQqtWD0FxcXRLy+vj4ddMwi5vtyuQx1SHlra2tToKfWgQw9//SCbHC+bFsHMvTNZpOIi8WiMzoGWrcOPv58eKZ85zQfPEqybR0kbn/fetLzISvObt1Uqctl1ToQqHMiVvMGw1R6q9aBLz1X5zhEcXM8RgVflYitA196bgDCDH9629aBLz25zVzZhlrFvrc9APbKmHzIKvKTCYdU60XPh6wiP5lwoPeNnNCoiCIwm8hx8ZZxjG3rwCtyxOltWwezp1eJ+/2+nUeixGV8Mp6tg1m+tf6tgyXtRm23fLOTnn3c+9j+FwrZ5BBiNl77AAAAAElFTkSuQmCC):
U729548, has invested an investment amount of SGD 200,000/- with Mr. CHOONG
KOK KEE dated 20th of MARCH 2011.

And I, CHOONG KOK KEE, NRIC NO: S0003861/Z,

Hereby Issue this written Promissory Note, agreed and guaranteed return the
above Investor SGD 400,000/- as soon as I settle our joint investment project
in One month from the above mentioned date.

27 The sum of $200,000 was not described as a loan under the promissory note.
Instead, the promissory note stated that the Plaintiff had “invested an
investment amount of $200,000” with Choong Kok Kee on 20 March 2011. The
Plaintiff was described as an “investor” and Choong guaranteed to return to
her $400,000 “as soon as [he] settle[d] [their] joint investment project in
One month from [20 March 2011]”. The “investment return” was double the
principal amount and was to be repaid within a month. Despite this the
Plaintiff’s evidence was that the promissory note was a loan and not an
“investment”. The Plaintiff testified that she never regarded the advancement
of $200,000 to Choong as anything other than a loan. I accept the Plaintiff’s
testimony and shall treat the promissory note as referring to a loan
notwithstanding the language used.

28 The First Loan Agreement that was subsequently signed at the office of
Messrs Oliver Quek & Associates on 22 March defers significantly from the
contents of the promissory note. It was a loan to Choong repayable “within six
weeks” instead of a month as stated in the promissory note. The Defendant was
the guarantor who pledged his property at 3 Petain Road #03-02, Singapore as
security for this loan. The promissory note did not have a guarantor and no
security was provided. Interestingly, the First Loan Agreement is silent on
interest payment.

29 The Second Loan Agreement dated 15 April 2011 provided for a loan of
$380,000 payable within 6 months. The Defendant was not a party to this
transaction. The Second Loan Agreement is again notably silent _vis-à-vis_ the
issue of interest payment.

30 Three days later the Plaintiff signed a promissory note on 18 April 2011.
The promissory note does not make any reference to the sum loaned being an
investment. Choong guaranteed to return the principal sum of $380,000 and an
additional $250,000 as a “bonus reward”. The additional sum of $250,000 was to
be paid by Choong to the Plaintiff within three to four weeks.

31 The Third Loan Agreement involved the Defendant who personally guaranteed
the loan and also pledged his apartment at 3 Petain Road #03-02, Singapore as
security. The loan agreement dated 25 May 2011 was for the loan of $340,000.
Similarly, this agreement is silent in relation to interest payment for the
loan. The corresponding promissory note was signed on the following day, 26
May 2011. This promissory note is very revealing:

To: LENA LEOWARDI P/P: U729548.

Thank you for helping to raise a fund of S$340,000/-

…

I hereby guaranteed pay you S$340,000/- bonus reward upon receive my fund
within 3 one month from now.

The above amount will included good will repayment of your $81,000/-
investment lost from helping me rise the previous amount of S$380,000/-.

The current total guaranteed loan return to you is: $340K + $340K=$680,000/-

…

32 Choong once again promised a “bonus reward” for the loan advanced by the
Plaintiff. Under this promissory note, the “bonus reward” amounted to
$340,000. The sum of $340,000 is inclusive of the $81,000 “investment lost
from helping me rise (raised) the previous amount of $380,000”. Furthermore,
the promissory note also makes reference to the previous loans made by the
Plaintiff to Choong. The aggregate of all sums owed under previous promissory
notes, including the principal amounts and the additional amounts promised,
was calculated and labelled “Grand total of all loan return to you” and
amounted to $1.71m.

33 The fourth loan transaction which did not involve the Defendant is for the
sum of $120,000. It is not embodied in a formal loan agreement. Instead, there
is only a promissory note signed by the Plaintiff dated 7 June 2011. It was
called a “friendly loan”. This note does not have a bonus reward and is also
silent on interest.

The relationship between the promissory notes and the loan agreements.

34 The Plaintiff submitted that the loan agreements did not provide for
interest. Therefore, the loans were interest-free and were not given for a
larger consideration. However, just because the loan agreements were silent as
to interest payment does not mean that the loans were not made for a larger
consideration _per se._ The larger considerations for the loan agreements here
are embodied in the promissory notes in the form of “guaranteed return” _vis-
à-vis_ the first loan transaction and “bonus rewards” _vis-à-vis_ the second
and third loan transactions. This is because the promissory notes are related
to the loan agreements.

35 It is clear that the loans under the promissory notes and the loans under
their corresponding loan agreements are one and the same. Apart from the money
under the loan agreements, the Plaintiff never advanced any additional amount
of money to Choong pursuant to the promissory notes. Therefore it is clear
that the promise to pay a greater sum of money is in consideration of each of
the loans advanced under the First, Second and Third Loan Agreements.

36 Other than the Fourth Loan Agreement there was a corresponding promissory
note for each of the other three loan agreements. The loan agreements and
their corresponding promissory notes were signed within a few days of each
other. It is very clear that the Plaintiff and Choong intended each loan
agreement to be read together with its corresponding promissory note. In fact
the Plaintiff acknowledged during cross-examination that the First Loan
Agreement and its corresponding promissory note must be read together:

Q.… I put it to you that the March promissory note, where the borrower
promised to return you $400,000 for a $200,000 loan, must be read with the
March loan agreement where the defendant pledges his property, and the
repayment is only $200,000 for the $200,000 loan.

A.Yes.[note: 2]

37 The Plaintiff submitted that when she said the promissory notes should be
“read with” the respective loans, she might not have appreciated the legal
implications of such a term. I am not convinced with this explanation. A
layman would understand that if something should be “read with” something
else, they must be associated in some way. In this regard, the Plaintiff must
have meant that the additional payments promised under the promissory notes
are in respect of the loans advanced under the loan agreements. Therefore, the
Plaintiff’s own evidence proves the undeniable correlation that exists between
the promissory notes and their respective loan agreements..

38 When one looks at the loan agreements only, they do not appear to activate
the presumption under s 3 of the Act as they appear to be interest-free.
However, when the respective promissory notes are taken into consideration,
the loan transactions clearly set off the presumption. The additional payments
under the promissory notes actually constitute part of the loan transactions
and form the larger consideration for the loans advanced by the Plaintiff. On
this basis, the presumption that the Plaintiff is a moneylender under s 3 of
the Act would apply. However, I must also deal with three other submissions
made by the Plaintiff. The first is that she was unaware of the additional
payments prior to entering into the loan agreements. The second is that she
regarded the promissory notes as invalid. Third, she did not demand for the
additional payments under the promissory notes.

Was the Plaintiff unaware of the additional payments?

39 The Plaintiff gave testimony to the effect that she was not aware of the
promises to make additional payments prior to the execution of the loan
agreements. I find it difficult to believe her evidence especially after all
her efforts in distancing herself from the promissory notes (see [47] below).
Further, based on other evidence adduced by the Plaintiff, I find this
assertion by the Plaintiff inherently incredible. Firstly, the first
promissory note was dated 20 March 2011. The First Loan Agreement was executed
two days later, on 22 March 2011. Hence the Plaintiff must have been aware of
the promissory note before she signed the First Loan Agreement and gave the
money to Choong. The promissory notes for the subsequent loans were dated one
to three days after the respective loans were signed. She must have been aware
of these promissory notes given the precedent set by the first promissory
note. Secondly, she also admitted during cross-examination that the First Loan
Agreement must be read together with the corresponding promissory note (see
[36] above). Thirdly, PW1 in his first affidavit filed on 18 October 2013
stated at paragraph 8 that Choong told the Plaintiff about the rewards at the
very outset before the first loan was disbursed::

The Borrower [Choong) also told Lena that, if she agreed to grant him the said
loan, he would pay her an extra S$200,000 as a “reward” for assisting him.

40 Fourthly, in the police report lodged by PW1 on behalf of himself and the
Plaintiff, PW1 stated at paragraph 6 that:

[Choong] then continued to request for another SGD200,000 however, I was
unable to provide anymore cash as such I approached [the Plaintiff] and
informed her about the deal and she agreed to raise the fund for [Choong] and
had passed a cash amount of SGD200,000 on 22 March 2011 to [Choong] and was
promised a bonus reward of SGD200,000 by [Choong].

41 Therefore, I find it entirely incredible that the Plaintiff could say that
she had no knowledge of the additional payments in the promissory notes prior
to entering into the loan agreements.

Plaintiff regarded the promissory notes as invalid

42 In the course of cross-examination, the Plaintiff gave the following
answers regarding the promissory notes:

Q.So the last line is 340,000, followed by the 340,000 bonus reward; is that
correct?

A.Yes, based on what was written here by him, I did not understand all this.
He just asked me to sign on the promissory notes. To me, the most important
thing is that the loan agreement is with the lawyer.

…

Q.Regarding the promise to repay 400,000 for the 200,000 loan

A.I would treat the March promissory note as invalid. To me, the most
important thing is the loan agreement that is with the lawyer.[note: 3]

43 Thus, as far as the Plaintiff is concerned, the operative documents are the
loan agreements entered into at the office of Messrs Oliver Quek & Associates
as they were drafted by a lawyer and she considered the promissory notes to be
invalid. To me, this is inherently incredible as well. Choong, the borrower,
was a complete stranger to the Plaintiff before she agreed to lend her money.
It was PW1 who told her about Choong’s inheritance of US$7.2m and that the
latter needed money to pay administrative fees required for that sum to be
released. The Plaintiff claimed that she was prepared to lend money to Choong
without any consideration in return so as to help PW1 to recovery his money.
Being a shrewd business woman, I find it unbelievable that the Plaintiff would
extend several sizeable loans to Choong, amounting to a total of $1.04m,
without any consideration at all. Even the Plaintiff’s own witness, PW1,
candidly told the court that he would not have lent money to Choong if there
were no incentive or bonus payments.

44 The Plaintiff must have been enticed by the very generous “bonus rewards”
offered to her by Choong. Otherwise, she would not have given those loans. She
said that she considered the promissory notes as invalid and that she could
not object to the contents. The contents in the promissory notes were in her
favour and I see no reason for her to object to it. In any event, she was not
forced to sign it. Additionally, she testified that she treated the promissory
notes as invalid because unlike the loan agreements, they were not drafted by
lawyers. However, it is interesting to note that the Fourth Loan Agreement of
$120,000 was premised on a promissory note only without a formal loan
agreement. The Plaintiff seems to have taken no issue with the Fourth Loan
Agreement being embodied solely in a hand-written promissory note. Therefore,
she should not now say that she would not take seriously an agreement in the
form of a promissory note. For these reasons, I find it very difficult to
accept her evidence that she considered the promissory notes to be invalid.

Plaintiff did not demand for the promises of additional payments

45 The Plaintiff also argued that she did not demand for such promises of
additional payments from Choong. However, this is immaterial to the fact that
larger sums of money were promised by Choong in return for the Plaintiff’s
loans. There is no requirement that the lender must demand for or insist on a
greater consideration under s 3 of the Act. Even if the promises to pay
additional sums of money were offered to the Plaintiff, her acceptances of
such offers by signing the promissory notes meant that such promises
constituted consideration for her loans.

46 The Plaintiff seems to suggest that the case of _Subramaniam Dhanapakiam v
Ghaanthimathi_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 164 (“ _Subramaniam_ ”) stands for the
proposition that the larger consideration must be demanded by the Plaintiff
instead of it being offered to and accepted by the Plaintiff for the
presumption under s 3 of the Act to operate. With the greatest respect, that
is not what the case stands for. Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) was dealing
with friendly loans between two long-time friends in which interest was not
asked for by the lender but offered by the borrower. He had to decide whether
the presumption under s 3 of the Act was rebutted rather than whether the
presumption applied in that case. By finding that the facts were sufficient to
rebut the presumption, Chan J had impliedly accepted that the presumption
under s 3 of the Act applied to the facts even though the interest was not
demanded by the plaintiff and was instead offered. Hence, it does not matter
that the Plaintiff in this case did not demand for the promises of additional
payments.

Surreptitious circumstances

47 I find that the circumstances surrounding the four loan transactions very
suspicious. The Plaintiff tried to suppress the promissory notes. These were
only discovered very much later during these proceedings. Even when these were
adduced as evidence she tried to distance herself from them when she gave her
testimony in court, such as by saying that she regarded them as invalid and
that she did not know of the promises of additional payment. This made her
testimony in relation to the promissory notes incredible. Hence, her
explanations about the promissory notes were unconvincing.

48 The contents of the promissory notes and the loan agreement were very
different. The notes contain astronomical returns for the loans. Why two
separate documents for the same loan? The loan agreements are silent on
interest while the promissory notes provide exorbitantly high consideration.
These and the surreptitious circumstances surrounding these loans give rise to
a serious suspicion that the Plaintiff was attempting to evade the application
of s 3 of the Act by separating the additional rewards from the loan
agreements in the form of promissory notes.

49 Nonetheless, despite such suspicions, my only finding is that, for the
reasons given above, the respective promissory loans and corresponding loan
agreements should be construed together. The circumstances in this case
clearly show that the Plaintiff lent money to Choong “in consideration of a
larger sum being repaid” which gives rise to the presumption that the
Plaintiff is a moneylender under s 3 of the Act.

Is the presumption rebutted?

50 Given that the presumption under s 3 of the Act is now operative in the
Plaintiff’s case, it falls on the Plaintiff to rebut the presumption that she
is a moneylender. Under s 2 of the Act, “moneylender” is defined as follows:

… “money lender” means a person who, whether as principal or agent, carries on
or holds himself out in any way as _carrying on the business of moneylending_
, whether or not he carries on any other business, but does not include any
excluded money lender … [emphasis added]

51 Based on this definition, the Plaintiff can rebut the presumption under s 3
of the Act either by showing that she is “an excluded money lender” which is
defined under s 2 of the Act or by showing that she was not in the business of
moneylending. The Plaintiff has not pleaded that she falls within the category
of an “excluded moneylender” and I do not have to consider it. The Plaintiff
only seeks to rebut the presumption on the basis that she was not in business
of moneylending.

Is the Plaintiff in the business of moneylending?

52 Has the Plaintiff shown that she was not in the business of moneylending?
Belinda Ang J in _Mak Chik Lun and others v Loh Kim Her and others and another
action_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 338 (“ _Mak Chik Lun_ ”) explained at [11] that:

To prove that a person is in the business of moneylending, the easiest way is
to show that the rebuttable presumption in s 3 of the Act is applicable to the
facts of the case. If the borrower can show that a person lends a sum of money
in consideration of a larger sum being repaid, the person is presumed to be a
moneylender. Once a _prima facie_ presumption is raised, it is for the lender
to rebut the presumption by showing that it does not apply. He has to bring
himself within one of the exceptions in s 2 or show that he is not a
moneylender within the terms of the definition of s 2. In rebutting the
presumption, the claimant, for instance, has to show that there was neither
system nor continuity in moneylending. The local test of whether there is a
business of moneylending is whether there was a system and continuity in the
transactions. If no system or continuity is displayed, the alternative test
(the _Litchfield_ test) of whether the alleged moneylender is one who is ready
and willing to lend to all and sundry provided that they are from his point of
view eligible is used.

Therefore, the Plaintiff must show that there was neither “system nor
continuity” in her moneylending. She must also show that she would not have
lent to “all and sundry”.

Is the “system and continuity” test satisfied?

53 Does the evidence adduced by the Plaintiff, taken at face value, reveal the
“system and continuity” test first laid down in _Newton v Pyke_ (1908) 25 TLR
127? Whether there was system and continuity is a question of fact and has
been described by Yong Pung How CJ in _Ng Kum Peng v Public Prosecutor_ [1995]
2 SLR(R) 901 (“ _Ng Kum Peng_ ”) at [38] as:

All the authorities indicate that there must be more than occasional loans.
This is what is meant by continuity. The loans must be part of an ongoing and
routine series of transactions made by the alleged moneylender. The
requirement of system on the other hand has not been explicitly clarified. But
it is evident that the need for system shows that there must be an organised
scheme of moneylending. Some indicators of such a scheme would be fixed rates,
the rate of interest being dependent on the creditworthiness and past conduct
of the borrower and a clear and definite repayment plan. Such factors
distinguish organised moneylending from occasional loans, which would be
outside the mischief of the Act.

54 In _Ng Kum Peng_ , the accused had lent money on three occasions over a
three-month period to a single borrower. Given the frequency of the
transactions, Yong Pung How CJ found that the loans were not merely occasional
loans and that there was continuity. Similarly, the Plaintiff’s evidence in
this case shows that she has lent money to Choong four times over a span of
approximately three-and-a-half months on 22 March 2011, 15 April 2011, 25 May
2011 and 7 June 2011. This close frequency would indicate that there was
continuity and that the loans were not merely occasional loans in accordance
with the decision in _Ng Kum Peng_.

55 The indicators for whether system exists were left open by Yong Pung How CJ
in _Ng Kum Peng_. However, it is clear that for there to be system, there must
be a certain degree of organisation and regularity in the method by which the
loans are transacted and their manner of operation. In this case, for the
first three transactions, the Plaintiff would always meet with Choong at the
office of Messrs Oliver Quek & Associates to sign the loan agreements. The
Defendant would attend and sign the agreements if he was to act as guarantor
and provide security. The loan agreements always provided for a guarantor
and/or security. The promissory notes also included a provision for the
repayment of an additional sum usually equivalent to 100% (except that it was
approximately 66% _vis-à-vis_ the Second Loan Agreement) of the amount loaned.
In _Ng Kum Peng_ the interest chargeable was only 20%. Also, the deadline for
repayment was always stipulated clearly. Therefore, all these factors that are
established by the plaintiff’s evidence go towards indicating that there was a
system to the loan transactions.

56 The Plaintiff also seeks to rely on _Subramaniam_. In that case, the loans
were friendly loans between two long-time friends. This is not the case here
where the Plaintiff did not know Choong until she was introduced to him by PW1
for the sole purpose of the loan transactions. The Plaintiff also did not know
the Defendant. In _Subramaniam_ , the interest given to the lender by the
borrower was based on the borrower’s own good will and varied in accordance
with the generosity of the borrower. There was a clear lack of system in that
case. However, in this case, the amount to be repaid is stipulated clearly in
the promissory notes with an agreed fixed time for repayment. _Subramaniam_
does not assist the Plaintiff’s case.

57 The Fourth Loan Agreement appears to be a friendly loan in which interest
and “bonus rewards” were not mentioned. However, the plaintiff submitted that
PW1 verbally guaranteed this loan of $120,000. Therefore, the Plaintiff’s
insistence on there being guarantee and/or security is also embodied in the
Fourth Loan Agreement and together with the three other loans, it contributes
to a finding of system and continuity.

58 Since the Plaintiff’s evidence itself fails to show that there was neither
system nor continuity to the loan transactions (it in fact shows that there
was system and continuity), the Plaintiff has failed to show that she was not
in the business of moneylending. Consequently, the presumption under s 3 of
the Act is not rebutted.

Is the “all and sundry” test satisfied?

59 Once the system and continuity test is satisfied it suffices for this court
to dismiss the Plaintiff’s case. However, I decided to proceed to consider
whether the “all and sundry” test has been satisfied. It appears that the
facts of this case have also satisfied the other test of Farwell J in
_Litchfield v Dreyfus_ [1906] 1 KB 584 (“ _Litchfield_ ”) which is stated at
589:

… But not every man who lends money at interest carries on the business of
moneylending. Speaking generally, a man who carries on a moneylending business
is one who is ready and willing to lend to all and sundry, provided that they
are from his point of view eligible. I do not of course mean that a
moneylender can evade the Act by limiting his clientele to those whom he
chooses to designate as “friends” or otherwise: it is a question of fact in
each case. …

60 This test was accepted locally in _Subramaniam_. The Plaintiff was prepared
to lend a large sum of money to Choong who was a stranger to her as long as
the loan was guaranteed and/or secured. This is not a case where the Plaintiff
lent money “as an incident of another business or to a few old friends by way
of friendship”: _Litchfield_ at 590. Furthermore, there were attractive
interests in the form of “bonus rewards”. The Defendant was also unknown to
her at that time. Her eligibility criteria simply included “bonus rewards”,
third party guarantees or security, and perhaps a referral by a friend (PW1 in
this case). It appears that she would have lent money to any individual who
satisfied these criteria. Therefore, I find that, based on the Plaintiff’s
evidence taken at face value, even the “all and sundry” test is satisfied. The
Plaintiff certainly failed at rebutting the presumption under s 3 of the Act.

Conclusion

61 This is an unfortunate case where the Plaintiff, the Defendant, PW1and
others were defrauded by Choong. The scheme is a classic advance fee fraud
with local flavour. Choong had represented to these people and others that he
was a beneficiary of funds worth US$7.2m which purportedly belonged to his
brother-in-law. He told them that he needed money to pay administrative fees
for the release of the funds which had been transferred from UK to Malaysia on
the purported ground of lower tax rates. The lure of extraordinarily large
monetary rewards by Choong deceived the parties in this case to do his
biddings, including providing him with loans of large sums of money. Choong
was subsequently declared a bankrupt and the Plaintiff chose to recover her
money from the Defendant to mitigate her losses. Although both parties are
victims of this scam, I have an unenviable task to decide in favour of one and
the other must bear the losses arising from this scam.

62 For the above reasons, I am of the opinion that, even taking the
Plaintiff’s evidence at face value, the Plaintiff has failed to make out a
case against the defendant. She has failed to rebut the presumption under s 3
of the Act and is therefore presumed to be a moneylender. As the Plaintiff
never had a licence for moneylending, the guarantees given by the Defendant
under the First Loan Agreement and the Third Loan Agreement are unenforceable
under s 14(2) of the Act as they are granted by an unlicensed moneylender.
Although this may appear harsh given that the Plaintiff herself is a victim of
a scam, “[t]he court has no alternative but to give effect to the draconian
consequences of an infraction in the event that the [Moneylenders Act] is
offended”: _City Hardware Pte Ltd v Kenrich Electronics Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1
SLR(R) 733 at [22]. I, therefore, find that there is no case for the Defendant
to answer and accordingly dismiss the Plaintiff’s case.

* * *

[note: 1]AB 46

[note: 2]Notes of Evidence, 17 December 2013, p 58 at lines 14 – 19

[note: 3]Notes of Evidence, 17 December 2013, p 51 at lines 6 – 11; p 57 at
lines 7 – 11

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Mar 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

