Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yip Man Hing Kevin _v_ Gleneagles Hospital  
[2014] SGHC 15

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 877 of 2013 (Summons No 5324 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Edwin Tong, Kenneth Lim and Christine Tee (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the applicant; Lok Vi Ming SC, Audrey Chiang and Calvin Lim
(Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the respondent; Khoo Boo Jin for the Attorney-
General's Chambers.  
Parties| :|  Yip Man Hing Kevin — Gleneagles Hospital  
  
24 January 2014|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This Originating Summons was an application for leave under O 53 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). The applicant was Dr Kevin Yip Man
Hing (“Dr Yip”). He is an orthopaedic surgeon who has been in private practice
for about 15 years at Gleneagles Medical Centre. Dr Yip was accorded
accreditation and privileges to practice at Gleneagles Medical Centre by
Gleneagles Hospital (“GEH”), the respondent in this case. GEH is a private
hospital, licensed under the Private Hospitals and Medical Clinics Act (Cap
248, 1999 Rev Ed) (“PHMC”).

2 Two of Dr Yip’s patients were important to the case. The first was Shanmugan
Baskaran (“Shanmugan”), who was admitted, after having been hit by an
excavator, on 13 March 2012. He was primarily treated by the on-call general
surgeon. Dr Yip only treated him in relation to his fractured collarbone.
Shanmugan died on 18 March 2012, from septicaemia, as a result of thoraco-
adominal injuries. The second was Murugesan Dharmaraj (“Murugesan”), who was
admitted, after having fallen from a one-storey height, on 15 June 2012. Dr
Yip assessed his condition and referred him to an intensivist. Murugesan’s
condition stabilised on 19 June 2012, and he was then transferred to the
National University Hospital. In between the admission of the two patients, on
9 April 2012, GEH issued a letter to all doctors practising at GEH, stating
that, “[t]he committee recommended referring your patient to the restructured
hospitals for initial assessment and acute management after you have triaged
your patient via phone that massive transfusions are required.” GEH classified
the contents of the letter as a directive, whereas Dr Yip questioned the
mandatory nature of the contents, arguing they constituted a mere
recommendation. While the contents of this letter have been relied on by both
parties in their submissions on whether an arguable case has been made out, I
found there was no need to make a determination on this matter. I have stated
the contents of the letter only to shed light on the events that precipitated
this matter before me.

3 On 18 December 2012, Dr Yip was informed that his professional performance
and conduct of two incidents were being reviewed by the Professional
Performance Review Committee (“PPRC”). The two incidents cited concerned the
cases of Shanmugan and Murugesan, although neither patient’s name was cited.
Ostensibly, the incidents involved Dr Yip’s treatment of the patients
regarding the contents of the letter issued by GEH on 9 April 2012. The PPRC
requested a written report from Dr Yip, in which he was to answer questions
relating to the two incidents. Such questions revolved around the facts and
circumstances of Dr Yip’s contact with each patient, for instance, how he came
into contact with the patient and why Dr Yip chose a certain course in dealing
with the patient. Dr Yip submitted his report on 6 January 2013.

4 On 9 January 2013, Dr Yip appealed to the chairman of the Medical Advisory
Board, the board which establishes the PPRC, to replace Dr James Lee (“Dr
Lee”), who was appointed as one of the 9 members of the PPRC. Dr Yip based his
appeal on the grounds that Dr Lee had previously made inappropriate comments
to two of Dr Yip’s patients about Dr Yip’s management of these patients. On 14
January 2013, the chairman disallowed Dr Yip’s appeal for Dr Lee to be
replaced. No reasons were given.

5 On 2 March 2013, the PPRC invited Dr Yip for an oral interview to respond to
questions relating to the two incidents. The interview was scheduled for 14
March 2013 at 5.30pm. On 12 March 2013, the PPRC provided Dr Yip with written
statements of 3 witnesses called to give evidence before the PPRC. On 14 March
2013, Dr Yip attended the interview, at which only six out of the nine members
of the PPRC were present. At the interview, Dr Yip formed the view that the
PPRC members were not familiar with the material facts and circumstances of
the two incidents. As such, he submitted a further report to the PPRC on 30
April 2013. However, by then, the PPRC had already submitted its report to the
chairman of the Medical Advisory Board on 27 March 2013. The Medical Advisory
Board reviewed the PPRC’s findings and conclusions on 22 April 2013, and also
later reviewed Dr Yip’s letter dated 30 April 2013. The Medical Advisory
Board, in turn, submitted its recommendations to the Chief Executive Officer
(“CEO”) of GEH. Dr Yip was not given a copy of either the formal report or the
recommendations.

6 On 19 August 2013, the CEO of GEH wrote to Dr Yip stating that:

(a) GEH concurred with the Medical Advisory Board’s conclusion that there was
a “serious lapse” on Dr Yip’s part in meeting acceptable standards of
professional performance or behaviour; and

(b) GEH concurred with the Medical Advisory Board’s recommendation that Dr Yip
face a 3-month suspension of his accreditation and privileges to practice in
GEH. The suspension was to commence on 16 September 2013.

On 22 August 2013, Dr Yip’s lawyers, Allen & Gledhill LLP (“A&G”), wrote to
GEH to state that Dr Yip wished to appeal against GEH’s decision as well as
meet with the CEO and the executive vice-president of Parkway Health Group to
discuss the appeal. On 27 August 2013, the CEO of GEH wrote to A&G to say
that, notwithstanding the lack of a formal avenue for appeal, GEH was willing
to consider granting Dr Yip’s request for a meeting. On 2 September 2013, A&G
wrote to GEH to:

(a) state the intended agenda for the proposed meeting;

(b) propose that the meeting be scheduled either at 10am on 26 September 2013
or 10am on 27 September 2013; and

(c) request that the Dr Yip’s suspension be stayed pending the resolution of
the outcome of the meeting.

On 3 September 2013, A&G received a telephone call from Rodyk & Davidson LLP
(“R&D”), counsel for GEH. R&D enquired as to whether Dr Yip would agree to
meet GEH’s representatives without lawyers present at the proposed meeting. On
4 September 2013, A&G informed R&D that Dr Yip would meet GEH’s
representatives without lawyers present, but if the matter was not resolved
after that, A&G, Dr Yip, and GEH should meet regarding the appeal. The meeting
without the parties’ lawyers was fixed for 10 September 2013.

7 On 10 September 2013, Dr Yip met GEH’s representatives. At the meeting,
GEH’s representatives did not confirm if they would meet Dr Yip and A&G on 26
or 27 September 2013, or if the suspension would be stayed. Instead, GEH’s
representatives told Dr Yip to have his lawyers contact R&D.

8 On 11 September 2013, A&G wrote to R&D, repeating Dr Yip’s request for a
meeting and for the suspension to be stayed, and asked for a reply by 12
September 2013, but no confirmation was received by that date. On 13 September
2013, A&G wrote to R&D saying that Dr Yip had no choice but to take steps to
apply for a review of the decision of GEH. On the same day, R&D replied,
stating that although GEH would postpone the commencement of the suspension
from 16 September 2013 to 23 September 2013, it would not meet with Dr Yip. Dr
Yip subsequently commenced these proceedings on 18 September 2013, applying
for:

(a) Leave to be granted to apply for:

(i) A quashing order against the decision of the PPRC of GEH that, _inter
alia_ , there was a failure or omission on his part to comply with the
acceptable standards of professional performance or behaviour;

(ii) A quashing order against the decision of the Medical Advisory Board of
GEH that, _inter alia_ , there was a serious lapse on his part in meeting
acceptable standards of professional performance or behaviour;

(iii) A quashing order against the decision of the CEO of GEH that there was a
serious lapse on his part in meeting acceptable standards of professional
performance or behaviour;

(iv) A quashing order against the 3-month suspension which commenced on 23
September 2013;

(b) A stay on the suspension pending determination of these proceedings; and

(c) GEH to be restrained from disclosing or publishing the existence and the
contents of the decisions of the CEO, the Medical Advisory Board and the PPRC,
as well as the suspension, pending determination of these proceedings.

9 On 20 September 2013, Dr Yip applied for an injunction such that GEH be
enjoined from enforcing the suspension order against Dr Yip. I granted this
injunction. Upon hearing the parties in chambers on 13 January 2014, I
declined to grant leave to the applicant. For leave to be granted, the matter
must be susceptible to judicial review: see the recent High Court decision of
_Marplan Pte Ltd v Attorney-General_ [2013] 3 SLR 201 at [10], citing with
approval the test for leave to apply for a quashing order as laid out in _Lim
Mey Lee Susan v Singapore Medical Council_ [2011] SGHC 131 at [3]. While I
note the submissions by counsel for Dr Yip relating to the conduct of the
disciplinary proceedings and decisions and recommendations by the various
parties involved (which dealt with the matter of whether there was an arguable
case, a further element for leave to be granted) I do not have to deal with
them as the nub of this case lay elsewhere. The sole issue in this case turned
on one element — whether the decision of the GEH was subject to judicial
review. Factually, it turned on one document — the contract between GEH and Dr
Yip. That contract conferred on Dr Yip privileges to practice at Gleneagles
Medical Centre. It was under the terms of this contract that GEH suspended Dr
Yip. As such, this matter was entirely contractual and not subject to judicial
review. Dr Yip’s remedies, if any, must be sought in contract.

10 In administrative law, the determination as to whether a decision is
subject to judicial review has to be examined in regard to the source, as well
as the nature, of the power behind the decision. If the source of power of a
body is derived from statute or subsidiary legislation, the body may be
susceptible to judicial review. Even if the source of power is non-statutory,
the body may be susceptible to judicial review if the body performs public
functions: see _Yeap Wai Kong v Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Ltd_
[2012] 3 SLR 565 (“ _Yeap Wai Kong_ ”) at [15], citing _Clive Lewis, Judicial
Remedies in Public Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2009) at para 2-003.

11 Contrary to the arguments by A&G, the source of GEH’s power to suspend Dr
Yip was not the PHMC or the relevant subsidiary regulations. As Mr Khoo from
the Attorney-General’s Chambers had pointed out, A&G seemed to conflate
statutory obligations, which GEH bears under the PHMC and the relevant
subsidiary regulations, with statutory powers to discipline doctors such as Dr
Yip, which neither the PHMC, nor the relevant subsidiary regulations, confer.
Rather, the source of GEH’s power to suspend Dr Yip is the “Medical Advisory
Board Professional Performance Review Committee Role & Responsibility”, which
is a set of rules that governs how GEH disciplines doctors. This set of rules
gains legitimacy solely from the contract between Dr Yip and GEH.

12 The decision made did not concern a public function. In _Yeap Wai Kong_ ,
Philip Pillai J found (at [28]) that the requirement of a public function in
that case was satisfied in the light of, the “statutory underpinning of the
reprimand power and the nature of the reprimand function”, meaning that the
tribunal concerned was exercising a judicial, or quasi-judicial, function.
That case involved the public reprimand of a director of a listed company by
Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Ltd. The power to publicly reprimand a
director was, as pointed out by Philip Pillai J (at [24]), conferred by Rule
720(4) of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited’s Listing Manual,
which in turn had been properly enacted and approved by the Monetary Authority
of Singapore in accordance with s 23 of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap
289, 2006 Rev Ed). This case is different. There were no such statutory
regulations concerning the suspension power exercised by GEH. The decision to
suspend Dr Yip, as well as the disciplinary proceedings that culminated in
that decision, were functions that were carried out pursuant to the contract
between Dr Yip and GEH.

13 At the heart of this application is the decision to suspend Dr Yip. This
decision, like the disciplinary proceedings around it, was not of a judicial
or quasi-judicial nature. Neither was the source of the power to make that
decision from a statute or subsidiary legislation. Therefore, this application
cannot be held to involve a matter that can be said to be subject to judicial
review. The application for leave (at [8(a)]) as well as the applications
contingent on the determination of these proceedings (at [8(b)] and [8(c)])
failed. I therefore dismissed Dr Yip’s application for leave and discharged
the injunction granted on 20 September 2013. I ordered Dr Yip to pay costs to
the respondent and the Attorney-General, to be agreed or taxed, with liberty
to apply for a further hearing to fix costs if necessary.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

