Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wan Kam Fook and another (dependents of Chin Talap a/p Wan Kam Fook,
deceased) _v_ Kor Xie Wey and another  
[2014] SGHCR 15

Case Number| :| Suit No 117 of 2012 (Assessment of Damages 20 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 August 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Miyapan Ramu AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Namasivayam Srinivasan (Hoh Law Corporation) for the
plaintiffs; Mr Suresh s/o Damodara (Damodara Hazra LLP) for the first
defendant; Mr Nagaraja S. Maniam (M Rama Law Corporation) for the second
defendant  
Parties| :|  Wan Kam Fook and another (dependents of Chin Talap a/p Wan Kam
Fook, deceased) — Kor Xie Wey and another  
  
5 August 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Miyapan Ramu AR:

Introduction

1 This is a sad case where a 19 year-old Malaysian girl (the “deceased”) lost
her life in a motor traffic accident on 29 November 2010 along the PIE. The
present assessment before me primarily concerns dependency claims initiated by
the Plaintiffs, who are the parents of the deceased i.e.1st Plaintiff being
the father and the 2nd Plaintiff being the mother. The dependency claim is
against both the 1st and 2nd Defendants. At the material time, the 1st
Defendant, Mr Kor Xie Wey, a Malaysian, was riding the motorcycle with the
deceased, as his pillion. The 2nd Defendant, Mr Ong Chee Yi, Andy, a
Singaporean, was the driver of a prime mover which collided into the 1st
Defendant’s motorcycle, thereby causing the accident, which led to the death
of the deceased. The remaining claims pursued by the Plaintiffs concern
bereavement and funeral expenses, which the Defendants have chosen not to
challenge at the assessment hearing. Separately, in relation to the 1st
Defendant’s counter-claim against the 2nd Defendant, for general and special
damages arising from the accident, counsel for the 2nd Defendant informed the
court that his client would not be challenging the claim.

2 The Plaintiffs commenced proceedings against the Defendants and
interlocutory judgment was entered on 28 November 2013 in another court at
100% in the Plaintiffs favour, with 20% apportioned against the 1st Defendant
and 80% against the 2nd Defendant.

3 The 1st Defendant informed the court that for the purposes of the assessment
hearing, he was _ad idem_ with the 2nd Defendant and would primarily be
relying on the arguments and submissions put forth by the 2nd Defendant. In
the circumstances, the only issue before me concerned the quantum for the
dependency claims. Both the Plaintiffs and the 1st Defendant testified at the
assessment hearing. I now turn to the family circumstances surrounding the
deceased prior to her demise.

Deceased’s family circumstances prior to her death

4 The deceased was the second child of four siblings. The deceased’s elder
sister is currently 26 years old and her two younger brothers are aged 17 and
11 respectively. At the time of her demise, the deceased was romantically
involved with the 1st Defendant. According to the 1st Defendant’s testimony,
they had been dating one another for approximately five years.

5 The deceased’s elder sister currently resides in Kedah, Malaysia with her
husband and is a homemaker. According to the Plaintiffs, she has not
contributed financially to their household, after her marriage. The deceased’s
eldest brother, who has stopped schooling, started work in February this year
as a waiter in a restaurant in Kuala Lumpur and has contributed MYR$600 and
MYR$350 to the 1st Plaintiff and 2nd Plaintiff respectively, on two separate
occasions. The deceased’s youngest brother is schooling and according to the
Plaintiffs, is doing “ _ok_ ” at school.

6 At the time of the deceased’s demise, the 1st and 2nd Plaintiff s were 42
and 41years respectively. The 1st Plaintiff works as a lorry driver earning
MYR$1,800 per month. He also gets an annual income of MYR$7000 from the sale
of crops from his land in Perak, Malaysia, which is equivalent to a monthly
income of MYR$583. The 2nd Plaintiff testified that she helps her mother with
rubber tapping throughout the year and earns MYR$300 per month during non-
rainy seasons, and about MYR$120 per month during rainy seasons. This would
work out to about MYR$270 per month for a year.

7 At the time of accident, the deceased was a 3rd semester student undertaking
a business studies course at a Malaysian polytechnic (the “Polytechnic”). She
was scheduled to undergo her final semester from January 2011 to April 2011.
Upon successful completion of the course, she would have graduated with a “
_Certificate of Business_ ” studies. According the 1st Defendant’s testimony,
both the deceased and he had made plans to wed in November 2011 and had
planned to live in Johor Bahru, so that it would make it easier for both of
them to commute to Singapore for work. In other words, the deceased had plans
to find a job in Singapore. The deceased’s intention to work in Singapore
after her graduation was corroborated by the 1st Plaintiff, when he testified
that it was, “ _his daughter’s dream to work in Singapore_ ”. In fact, the
deceased’s intention to work in Singapore and reside in Johor Bahru with the
1st Defendant after marriage, were undisputed facts that fell squarely into my
considerations for determining the appropriate multiplicand. I will now turn
to my determination of the appropriate multiplicand.

Appropriate multiplicand

Deceased’s prospective earnings

8 In relation to the job prospects available to the deceased had she completed
her course in business studies, I was referred to two primary sources of
evidence: (i) the records from the Polytechnic and (ii) the 1st Plaintiff’s
Affidavit of Examination-in-Chief (“AEIC”) and his oral testimony. I will now
deal with them in turn.

9 According to the records from the Polytechnic, which were provided by the
Plaintiffs, the deceased would have completed her course in business studies
in April 2011, if not for her demise. Upon her graduation, the Polytechnic was
of the view that she would have been in a position to consider vocations in
the various fields nationwide as follows: (a) Bank Officer, Administrator and
Manager, (b) Data Processor, (c) Insurance Agent, (d) Financial Planner and
Manager and (e) Accountant/Auditor or others. For the above set of vocations,
the Polytechnic provided a salary range from MYR$1,500 to MYR$3,500.

10 According to the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC and oral testimony, he stated that
the after graduation, the deceased wanted to secure “ _an administrative or
clerical job in a Singapore company_ ”. He also went on to state that in the
event that this was not possible, his daughter was prepared to, “ _in the
worst case scenario, work as a factory-girl or a waiter earning about $1,300
to $1,500 per month_ ”. When the court queried the 1st Plaintiff on how he
came to learn of this, he testified that his late daughter had spoken to him
about the same, “ _a month before she died_ ”. The 1st Plaintiff further went
on to testify that his late daughter’s friends from Singapore had told her, on
previous occasions, that “ _if she was able to secure a clerical or
administrative job in Singapore, she would be able to earn a monthly income of
at least $2000_ ”. When the 1st Plaintiff was further queried on the identity
of these “ _friends_ ”, he was unable to provide any useful information to the
court.

11 Apart from these two primary sources of evidence, the Plaintiffs provided
the court with income statistics performed by the Singapore’s Manpower
Research and Statistics Department entitled, ‘ _Research on the Median Monthly
Gross Wages of Major Occupational Groups by Industry, June 2012_ ’ (the
“Report”). In submitting that the multiplicand of $2,000 was appropriate, the
Plaintiffs referred the court to the Report’s median gross salary range for ‘
_Clerical Support Workers’_ , which provided a range of gross wages for
varying industries.

12 With reference to the Report, the 1st Plaintiff stated that the range of
income for ‘ _financial and insurance services_ ’ and ‘ _professional
services_ ’ stemmed from $2,417 to $2,700. For managers, the 1st Plaintiff
testified that they “ _are able earn from S$7,755 to S$9,720_ ” [sic]. Based
on these figures, the 1st Plaintiff concluded that his daughter’s prospective
future earnings should be at “ _S$2,500 during her entry and intermediate
level, and with the Court’s discretion, an amount of S$8,000 at a later stage
of her career_ ”.

13 Based on the statistics available in the Report, the Plaintiffs submitted
that a median monthly gross salary of $2000 was suitable in this case. In
support of this, Plaintiffs relied on the case of _Tan Ngo Hwa & Lim Soei Pin
(administrator & co administratix of the estate of Tan Wan Chin, deced) v Siew
Mun Phui_ [1998] SGHC 376 (“ _Tan Ngo Hwa_ ”), where the deceased was a 16
year old female student at the time of the accident. The court assessed the
multiplicand at $2000 per month, which was based on the view that the deceased
would have earned a starting monthly salary of about $2000 using the
statistics in the _Report on Wages_ and that her salary would rise
progressively up to $4000 to $5000 in five years.

14 With respect, I did not find _Tan Ngo Hwa_ helpful as it was easily
distinguishable on the facts. The deceased in _Tan Ngo Hwa_ , despite
achieving mediocre grades in school, was in all likelihood to have obtained a
degree from abroad in some discipline, as her father not only had the
financial means to support her, but was determined to send her abroad for
tertiary education. As the court accepted this finding, the assessment of the
multiplicand automatically began with references made to starting salaries for
university graduates.

15 The situation before me however, was a far cry from that in _Tan Ngo Hwa_.
In fact, looking at the information provided by the Polytechnic, there
strangely appears to be no academic results recorded for the deceased’s
previous two semesters. It was also troubling to note that there were
similarly no attendance records available. Sadly, the only positive report
concerned the deceased’s good behaviour in school.

16 Not wanting to shut the door on the deceased’s educational prospects, I
looked further into her educational history which brought me to the deceased’s
secondary school leaving certificate, otherwise known as the Malaysian
Certificate of Education (“MCE”), which I understand is the equivalent to the
O-Levels in Singapore. The deceased sat for the MCE exams in 2008 comprising a
total of nine subjects. Unfortunately, this did not seem helpful as well, as
she was only able to obtain three credit passes in ‘ _Malay Language’_ , ‘
_Moral Knowledge_ ’ and ‘ _Mathematics_ ’. I also noted that the grades
obtained for the three subjects were mediocre, at best. She clearly did not
fare well in ‘ _English Language_ ’, ‘ _History_ ’, ‘ _Entrepreneurship
Studies_ ’, ‘ _Principles of Accounting_ ’, ‘ _Physics_ ’ and ‘ _Chemistry_ ’.
With this in mind, I had my concerns if the deceased was indeed equipped to
secure an administrative job in Singapore.

17 In the circumstances, I was left with no other alternative but to agree
with the 2nd Defendant that in light of the deceased’s educational background,
at the time of her demise, it appeared very unlikely for her to have secured a
job in an administrative capacity in Singapore. In other words, I agreed with
the 2nd Defendant that it would be too remote and speculative to suggest that
the deceased would be able to secure an administrative or clerical job in
Singapore for that matter.

18 For the forgoing reasons, I was of the view that the Plaintiffs had not
satisfied me that _Tan Ngo Hwa_ was an appropriate case for my consideration.
Similarly, to me, the multiplicand of $2000 per month, being the median salary
of the deceased in that case, was clearly a non-starter. I shall now turn to
the multiplicand component suggested by the 2nd Defendant.

19 In order to determine a proper median salary for the deceased’s intended
job prospects in Singapore, the 2nd Defendant derived a multiplicand of $1000
per month. The 2nd Defendant arrived at this multiplicand by basically
obtaining the median average of the salary range provided for by the
Polytechnic, as referred to at [9]. The figure was thereafter converted to
Singapore dollars (with the exchange rate being SGD$1 = MYR$2.57 as of 3 June
2014) for the purposes of comparing the Plaintiffs’ suggested median salary.

20 I was not truly convinced that the 2nd Defendant had arrived at a just and
fair multiplicand. For a start, I had my concerns with the inputs provided by
the Polytechnic. As discussed at [9], the range of job prospects provided by
the Polytechnic was very wide to begin with. It also did not help that the
salary range provided was nothing more than an estimate that failed to address
the individual salary ranges for the various vocations as listed at [9]. For
these reasons, I was similarly not inclined to agree with the 2nd Defendant
that $1000 per month was an accurate median average salary to begin with.

21 As I was not prepared to accept either party’s suggested multiplicand, I
embarked on a review of the deceased’s academic achievements in search of more
information. Unfortunately, with the very little that was provided to me, I
was unable to glean anything from the documentary evidence that suggested that
the deceased would have been able to secure an administrative or clerical job
in Singapore. I therefore decided to consult the Report once again in search
of a more realistic option that would appear reasonable given the
circumstances surrounding the deceased.

22 Upon a survey of the occupational groups referred to in the Report, I came
to the view that the deceased would be more inclined to a find a job as a
factory worker or, at the very least, a job in the food and services industry.
This was also in line with the deceased’s “ _final resort_ ” options that she
communicated to the 1st Plaintiff, shortly before her demise. Using the
Report, I came to the view that, as far as the deceased’s educational
background was concerned; it would be more accurate to refer to the category
for ‘ _Plant and Machine Operators and Assemblers_ ’, which included the
vocations mentioned. As the median monthly gross salary range for vocations in
this industry ranged from $1071 to $2,303, I arrived at the appropriate
multiplicand of $1687, which was the average median of the salary range. I
will now proceed to address the apportionment of the deceased’s prospective
earnings to the Plaintiffs.

Apportionment of prospective earnings

23 The Plaintiffs submitted that the deceased would have given 40% of her
salary on the average to her parents. In support of this, the Plaintiffs
relied on the case of _Ho Yeow Kim v Lai Hai Kuen_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1068, where
the deceased, 17 years old, had undergone three months of Institute of
Technical Education in Mechatronics Engineering at the time of his death. On
appeal, the Court of Appeal upheld the Assistant Registrar’s view that the
deceased would have given 40% of his salary on the average to his parents.

24 The 2nd Defendant submitted that the “usual apportionment” of 40% should
not be used as a “baseline” and that “the test facing the court is to assess
the value of the reasonable expectation of pecuniary benefit on the part of
the deceased’s dependants and that each case ought to turn on its own facts”
as stated by Prakash J at [28] in _Fong Khim Ling (administrator of the estate
of Fong Ching Pau Llyod, deceased) v Tan Teck Ann_ [2013] SGHC 104 (“ _Fong
Khim Ling_ ”). In line with the proposition laid down in _Fong Khim Ling_ ,
the 2nd Defendant submitted that by taking into account the dependant’s
parents’ earnings, the contributions by other siblings and the likelihood of
deceased getting married, the deceased would have given 20% of her salary on
the average to her parents.

25 I agreed with the 2nd Defendant that the court should not be limited to the
usual 40% baseline for apportionment, as each case should turn on its own
facts. As set out at [4] to [6] above, I was mindful of the deceased’s family
financial circumstances prior to her demise. In coming to my decision on the
appropriate apportionment, I took into account the following main
considerations:

(i) the deceased was planning to wed the 1st Defendant in November 2011, which
would have reduced the quantum of her contribution to her parents;

(ii) the deceased’s marriage plans to reside in Johor Bahru and start a
family, instead of a pricier Singapore;

(iii) the possibility of both her brothers proving financial support in the
long run;

(iv) the eldest sister, albeit not currently contributing financially to the
family, may nevertheless choose to do so in the future;

(v) no evidence to suggest that parents are in dire straits; and

(vi) the relatively young age of the parents (i.e. in their 40s) and their
future earning capacity.

26 Having carefully applied my mind to the various considerations above, I
came to the view that 25% would be an appropriate rate of apportionment. The
multiplicand would therefore work out to be $421.75 per month (25% of $1687).

Multiplier

27 As the age differential between the Plaintiffs was a mere one year gap,
parties submitted that a single multiplier would suffice.

28 The Plaintiff submitted that a multiplier of 13 to 15 years was
appropriate.

29 The 2nd Defendant submitted that a multiplier of 13 years was more
appropriate taking into consideration the life expectancy of Malaysians (which
counsel for the 2nd Defendant submitted was lower compared to Singaporeans).
In support of this contention, the 2nd Defendant produced a table entitled, “
_Malaysia -Life Expectancy at birth 2014_ ” extracted from
http://countryeconomy.com. By extrapolating the figures for 2012, the 2nd
Defendant submitted that the life expectancy of men was 72.65 years and for
women 77.25 years.

30 The Plaintiffs submitted that life expectancy estimates submitted by the
2nd Defendant should not be relied upon as they were based on life expectancy
at birth. Plaintiff referred to the case of _Man Mohan Singh s/o Jothirambal
Singh v Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 735 (“ _Man
Mohan Singh”_), where the Court of Appeal stated at [28]:

“…A longer life expectancy is a factor that, in our view, could justify a
slightly higher multiplier being applied than that adopted in previous
analogous cases, all other things being equal. We therefore endorse the
assistant registrar's reasoning in Lee Kwan Kok (in taking into account life
expectancy when determining the appropriate multiplier), but with two
important qualifications: _first, life expectancy should be considered as at
the date of the accident, and not at the date of the assessment of damages
hearing_ ; and, second, it must be borne in mind that life expectancy remains
but one factor in what is essentially a multivariate equation…”. [emphasis
added]

31 In line with _Man Mohan Singh_ , I agreed with the Plaintiffs that the life
expectancy figures for Malaysians in 2012 were obviously an inaccurate basis
on which the multiplier is to be assessed. However, since counsel for the
Plaintiffs did not provide the court with any further data on this point, I
turned to my own research and referred to the table on, “ _Malaysia Life
Expectancy History – 2011_ ” extracted from http://worldlifeexpectancy.com
(assessed 5 June 2014). As the accident occurred in November 2010, the closest
estimates for life expectancy of men and women were extracted from 2011.
According to the table extract, in 2011 the Malaysian life expectancy of men
was 71.7 years and women at 76.4 years. For the purposes of deriving the
multiplier, as of 2010 (i.e. the time of the accident), I was of the view that
the estimate of 71 years and 76 years for men and women respectively, would
suffice.

32 As for having one multiplier applicable for both parents, I was not
persuaded by parties’ arguments. The approach to separate multipliers was
discussed in _Man Mohan Singh_ , where the Court of Appeal stated at [22]:

“Before we proceed further, we should clarify that while we appreciate the
logic of the AR's reasoning in departing, in the circumstances of the present
case, from the conventional approach of applying a separate multiplier for
each dependant (as illustrated by, inter alia, the Singapore High Court
decision of _Ling Kee Ling v Leow Leng Siong_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 395 at [8]), _we
are of the view that adopting a separate multiplier for each dependant is
still the preferable approach and, conceptually, the neater solution_. Even
after accounting for the unusual facts of the present appeals, the AR's
approach would, with respect, give rise to difficulties when compared to
decided cases. _Furthermore, it would tend to obscure dependant-specific
factors, such as age and life expectancy, which are important considerations
when setting the multiplier. For example, a mother would typically have a
longer life expectancy than a father and, if she was a housewife, she would
also for that reason have a greater need for financial support_.” (emphasis
added)

33 While bearing the above principle in mind, and having regard to the
circumstance of the case, I was not inclined to agree with a one multiplier
approach. I therefore proceeded to adopt the conventional approach of applying
a separate multiplier for each dependant, which is illustrated in the
following paragraphs below.

34 At the point in time of the accident, the 1st Plaintiff was 42. If the
deceased had graduated and found a job, the 1st Plaintiff would have been 43.
By taking the life expectancy of the 1st Plaintiff to be 71 years, the
multiplier is 28 years. As for the discount to be given for the vicissitudes
of life and for payment upfront, which in the norm would be 33% as adopted in
_Fong Khim Ling_ , I was of the view that the a discount of 43% was more
appropriate a figure because the parents in _Fong Khim Ling_ were much more
elderly compared to the Plaintiffs in this case. I therefore concluded that
the appropriate multiplier for the 1st Plaintiff would be 12.04 years.

35 For the 2nd Plaintiff, she was 41 at the time of the accident. Again,
assuming the deceased had graduated and found a job, the 2nd Plaintiff would
have been 42. By taking the life expectancy of 2nd Plaintiff to be 76 years,
the multiplier is 34 years. Again, with the appropriate discount of 43%, the
appropriate multiplier for the 2nd Plaintiff is 14.62 years.

Conclusion

36 Therefore, the award of damages are as follows:

(a) Damages for loss of dependency:

(i) Multiplicand of $1687 per month or $421.75 per parent;

(ii) Multiplier of 12.04 years for the 1st Plaintiff and 14.62 years for the
2nd Plaintiff;

Sub –Total: $134,926.26

(b) Undisputed amounts:

(i) Bereavement: $15,000 (excluding the usual interest on Bereavement of 2.7%
per annum)

(ii) Funeral Expenses: $2918.29, i.e. exchange rate being SGD$1 = MYR$2.57 as
of 3 June 2014 (excluding usual interest of 5.33% per annum)

(i) Sub-Total: $17,918.29

Total (100%): $152,844.55

**Total (80%): $122,275.64 – 2 nd Defendant**

**Total (20%): $30,568.91– 1 st Defendant**

(c) 1st Defendant’s Counter-Claim against 2nd Defendant:

Undisputed amounts: -

(i) General Damages: $2000

(ii) Special Damages: $95

**Total (100%): $2095**

**At 80%, 2 nd Defendant to pay 1st Defendant $1676.**

(d) Usual consequential orders to apply.

37 I will hear parties on the issue of costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Aug 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

