Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Freddie Koh Sin Chong _v_ Singapore Swimming Club  
[2014] SGHC 276

Case Number| :| Suit No 634 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 December 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Kim Shin JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Paul Seah and Kenneth Tay (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for
the plaintiff; Tan Chee Meng SC, Chang Man Phing and Yin Juon Qiang
(WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Koh Sin Chong Freddie — Singapore Swimming Club  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 9 of
2015 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 26 April 2016. See [2016] SGCA 28.]

31 December 2014|  
---|---  
  
Lee Kim Shin JC:

Introduction

1 The Singapore Swimming Club (“the Club”) represents itself as “The Premier
Family Club” in Singapore. The objects of the Club are to promote and provide
facilities for, amongst other activities, swimming. In recent years however,
the Club has found itself swimming in a sea of litigation. Excluding the
present proceedings, all proceedings connected with the subject matter of the
present proceedings and all proceedings commenced in the State Courts, the
Club has been named a party to seven unrelated sets of proceedings in the High
Court brought by members of the Club since 2008.

2 There must be something in the water.

3 In the present proceedings, Freddie Koh (“the Plaintiff”) claims that he is
entitled to be indemnified by the defendant, the Club, for all damages and
litigation costs incurred by him in a defamation suit commenced against him in
2009. The Plaintiff’s claim is based on a resolution passed in 2009 by the
management committee of the Club, of which the Plaintiff was then the
President. I will refer to the management committee of the Club as “the MC”.

4 The Club denies that the Plaintiff is entitled to the indemnity which he
claims on various grounds. The Club also counterclaims for the recovery of the
sums that it had previously paid out pursuant to the aforesaid MC resolution.
Its counterclaim is based on another set of resolutions passed at a member’s
extraordinary general meeting held in 2012.

5 Values, intentions and sentiments, however long established or firmly held,
are aspects of human nature that may change over time. To the extent these
aspects are expressed as policies or principles approved as resolutions of a
legal entity, it follows that resolutions of such nature may be amended,
revoked or completely reversed to reflect a change in thinking. This present
dispute involves a change in an established policy of the Club and the legal
consequences that follow.

6 I delivered oral judgment on 12 December 2014. These are my detailed
grounds.

Background

Key players

7 I first set out a list of the key persons involved in the present dispute.

8 The Plaintiff’s tenure as President of the Club lasted from May 2008 to
March 2012. During this time, the composition of the MC changed. Two periods
are significant.

9 The first is the period between May 2008 and May 2009 when the MC comprised
the following 12 persons (“the 2008 MC”):

(a) the Plaintiff as President;

(b) Michael Ngu as Vice-President;

(c) Tan Wee Tin as Honorary Treasurer; and

(d) various other committee members, namely, Eric Ng, Loreen Teo, William
Kwok, Ng Kok Seong, Ashok Sharma, Shahul Hassan, Mike Chia, Theresa Kay and
Gary Oon.

10 The second is the period between May 2011 and March 2012 when the MC
comprised the following 11 persons (“the 2011 MC”):

(a) the Plaintiff as President;

(b) David Poh as Vice-President;

(c) Tan Wee Tin as Honorary Treasurer; and

(d) various other committee members, namely, Eric Ng, Loreen Teo, William
Kwok, Ng Kok Seong, Soh Kee Hock, Lim Khee Lim, Jane Loh and Andy Tang.

11 The other key persons in the dispute are:

(a) Chua Hoe Sing, the Club’s current President;

(b) Khoo Boo Beng (“BB Khoo”), a former general manager of the Club; and

(c) Jennifer Wee, the Club’s financial controller from 31 January 2008 to the
present.

12 In the present proceedings, the Plaintiff was represented by Mr Paul Seah
(“Mr Seah”). Mr Tan Chee Meng SC (“Mr Tan”) represented the Club.

13 The constitutional document of the Club which sets out, _inter alia_ , the
powers of the MC, is known as the Rules of the Club, and will hereafter be
referred to as “the Club’s Rules”.

The defamation suit

14 The present proceedings have their origins in Suit 33 of 2009 (“Suit 33”).
This was a defamation action commenced in the High Court against the Plaintiff
by four members of the MC that preceded the 2008 MC (respectively “the Suit 33
Plaintiffs” and “the 2007 MC”). The alleged defamation arose from two
statements made by the Plaintiff at separate MC meetings, which were
subsequently published on the Club’s notice board in October and November
2008.

15 The thrust of these statements concerned the 2007 MC’s decision to purchase
a new water system for the Club’s swimming pools. In making the purchase, the
2007 MC had relied on a provision in the Club’s Finance Operating Manual (“the
FOM”), which allowed the MC to approve unbudgeted expenditure on the basis of
it being an “emergency” before having the expenditure ratified at the next
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Club.

16 The 2008 MC was elected at the Club’s AGM on 25 May 2008 (“the 2008 AGM”).
When the expenditure for the water system was put forward for ratification at
the 2008 AGM, a motion was instead carried for a Special Ad-Hoc Audit
Committee (“the Audit Committee”) to be formed to investigate the said
expenditure. The Audit Committee later submitted its report to the 2008 MC.
The Audit Committee found that the expenditure was of an emergency nature and
that the 2007 MC had not breached any Club procedures.

17 Subsequently, the Honorary Treasurer of the 2008 MC, Tan Wee Tin, found
several documents which were not disclosed to the Audit Committee. These
documents contained information which was inconsistent with representations
made by the 2007 MC at the 2008 AGM. After further investigations, Tan Wee Tin
reported his findings at two MC meetings on 29 October and 26 November 2008.

18 At the MC meeting on 29 October 2008, the Plaintiff made the first
statement suggesting that the 2008 MC should correct a “misrepresentation of
the facts made by the [2007 MC] to influence the ratification of the
expenditure at the [2008 AGM]”. At the subsequent MC meeting on 26 November
2008, the Plaintiff made the second statement which consisted of several
allegations including that, “[i]t could be a case of misrepresentation of
facts to the [2008 AGM] to get ratification for a capital expenditure for a
water system that could not be justified under the urgent/emergency reason”.

19 Both the first and second statements were recorded in the minutes of the
respective MC meetings which were then published on the Club’s notice board,
in accordance with Club practice.

20 On 22 December 2008, the Suit 33 Plaintiffs, through their solicitors,
WongPartnership LLP (“WongPartnership”), sent a letter of demand to the
Plaintiff. The letter of demand alleged that the statements made by the
Plaintiff were defamatory of the Suit 33 Plaintiffs. It was further alleged
that the Plaintiff had falsely and maliciously defamed the Suit 33 Plaintiffs.
It was demanded that the Plaintiff, amongst other things, apologise and
undertake not to repeat the defamatory statements and compensate the Suit 33
Plaintiffs for the damage to their reputation.

Events preceding the 14 January 2009 MC meeting

21 On 23 December 2008, BB Khoo, acting on Eric Ng’s instructions, emailed the
Club’s insurance brokers, Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd (“Acclaim”), to
enquire whether the Plaintiff’s case would be covered by the Club’s existing
Directors & Officers Liability Insurance Policy (“the insurance policy”) that
had just been renewed in October 2008. Eric Ng was then the Rules and
Membership Chairman of the 2008 MC. On 26 December 2008, Acclaim replied to
state that the insurer had not determined the policy liability.

22 On 29 December 2009, Acclaim sent another email to BB Khoo to highlight
that the Plaintiff’s case might fall within the “Insured v Insured” exclusion
clause under the insurance policy (“the Insured v Insured Exclusion”). The
effect of the Insured v Insured Exclusion was that the insurance policy would
not cover a case where both the party suing and the party being sued fell
within the definition of an “insured” person under the policy. Acclaim noted
in its email that the definition of “insured” covered all past, present and
future MC members, and therefore, the Plaintiff and the Suit 33 Plaintiffs
would both fall under that definition.

23 BB Khoo forwarded Acclaim’s email to Eric Ng and the Plaintiff on 30
December 2008. On the same day, Eric Ng replied to BB Khoo stating as follows:

We would let the members know that in this instance the Club would not be
covered by its insurance policy because this is an action taken against the
present MC by the previous one. It is fully understandable that the policy
would exclude such actions. Regardless of the insurance cover the Club would
still have to defend its MC.

It is good to let the members know who is wasting their money.

24 On 12 January 2009, Suit 33 was filed against the Plaintiff. The Suit 33
Plaintiffs’ principal claim was that the Plaintiff had falsely and maliciously
made the statements which were defamatory of them. In his defence, the
Plaintiff denied that the meaning of the statements were defamatory. Even if
they were, the Plaintiff averred that they were justified.

25 On 13 January 2009, the insurer wrote to Acclaim to state its position that
the Plaintiff’s case fell within the Insured v Insured Exclusion. On the same
day, Acclaim forwarded a copy of the insurer’s letter to BB Khoo and the
Plaintiff via email.

26 In the midst of these events, the Plaintiff, Eric Ng and another 2008 MC
member, William Kwok, met with Mr Hri Kumar Nair SC of Drew & Napier LLP
(“D&N”) regarding the Plaintiff’s representation in Suit 33. The Plaintiff,
Eric Ng and William Kwok agreed that Mr Nair should be engaged to act for the
Plaintiff. Pertinently, however, D&N required the Club to confirm that it
would indemnify the Plaintiff for his legal costs in Suit 33 before D&N would
agree to act for him.

The passing of the Indemnity Resolution

27 An MC meeting was held on 14 January 2009 (“the 14 January 2009 MC
Meeting”). During this meeting, the 2008 MC first discussed the issue of the
Club’s insurance coverage under its renewed policy. Suit 33 was discussed
next. The latter discussion was concerned, in particular, with the issue of
whether the Club should cover its MC members in the event that they were sued
for acts done in their capacity as MC members. The 2008 MC then unanimously
adopted and approved the following resolution:

After some discussion, MC affirmed that the Club will assume all and any
liability in the defense of and awards against any member of the Management
Committee (“MC”) including but not limited to defense costs, legal costs and
expenses including incidentals in respect of any legal action, demand or claim
brought against the Management Committee (whether in part or whole) as a
result of the MC or individual MC member discharging its, his or her duties
and responsibilities for and on behalf of the Club as office bearers including
any claims for any errors and omissions resulting from the discharge of its,
his or her said duties and responsibilities

Both parties in the present proceedings referred to this resolution as the
“Indemnity Resolution”. I will retain this term in these grounds.

28 It should be noted that there are two key disputes of fact in these
proceedings regarding the circumstances under which the Indemnity Resolution
was passed:

(a) The first concerns a letter which was sent to the Club by 10 Club members
on 14 January 2009, just before the MC meeting held on the same date (“the 14
January 2009 Members Letter”). In that letter, the 10 Club members expressed
the view that the Club should not be liable for the tortious acts of its MC
members; and that Club funds should not be used to pay for the Plaintiff’s
legal costs, expenses or damages in Suit 33. The 10 Club members also asked
that their letter be forwarded to the 2008 MC. It is disputed whether this was
in fact done.

(b) The second concerns the Insured v Insured Exclusion under the Club’s
insurance policy. The parties disputed whether this exclusion was discussed at
the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting and whether the 2008 MC, apart from the
Plaintiff and Eric Ng, knew of this exclusion before adopting the Indemnity
Resolution.

29 The minutes of the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting, which contained the
Indemnity Resolution, were put up on the Club’s notice board. Thereafter, the
Club proceeded to pay various sums in relation to the Plaintiff’s defence in
Suit 33 and the further proceedings precipitated by it. In this regard, when
payments were to be made, the Plaintiff would generally forward the relevant
invoice to Jennifer Wee, the Club’s financial controller. Jennifer Wee would
then prepare the necessary cheque or cashier’s order for Tan Wee Tin’s
approval, as Honorary Treasurer, in accordance with the Club’s FOM.

OS 469 - The challenge to the Indemnity Resolution

30 On 22 April 2009, a member of the Club, Poh Pai Chin, filed Originating
Summons No 469 of 2009 (“OS 469”) against the 2008 MC members who had passed
the Indemnity Resolution, with the exception of Gary Oon, Theresa Kay and Mike
Chia. The Club was later joined as a defendant on 3 August 2009.

31 Poh Pai Chin sought:

(a) a declaration that on a proper interpretation of the Club’s Rules, Club
funds could not be used to pay the Plaintiff’s legal costs in Suit 33;

(b) a declaration that the Indemnity Resolution was void and ultra vires the
Club’s Rules;

(c) a declaration that the defendants’ authorisation for Club funds to be used
to pay the Plaintiff’s legal costs in Suit 33 was void and ultra vires the
Club’s Rules;

(d) an order that the defendants repay the Club all the funds which had been
used to pay the Plaintiff’s legal costs in Suit 33; and

(e) an order that the defendants be restrained from using Club funds to pay
the Plaintiff’s legal costs in Suit 33.

32 Without diving too deep into the facts of OS 469, it is important to note
that one of the main factual issues which surfaced in OS 469 related to the 14
January 2009 Members Letter. In this regard, Gary Oon filed an affidavit on
Poh Pai Chin’s behalf, deposing that the letter had not been circulated at the
14 January 2009 MC Meeting, and that he would not have authorised the use of
the Club’s funds for the Plaintiff’s defence in Suit 33 had the letter been
made known to him. Against this, Ashok Sharma and BB Khoo filed affidavits for
the defendants in which they both deposed that the letter was circulated at
the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting. Ashok Sharma also deposed that the Indemnity
Resolution was passed _because_ the Club was not covered by insurance in
respect of the Plaintiff’s defence in Suit 33. He stated that the Club had
obtained insurance coverage in furtherance of the Club’s longstanding policy
to indemnify the Club and its office bearers in respect of legal proceedings
taken against them. However, the insurance policy contained the Insured v
Insured Exclusion, which excluded any insurance coverage for Suit 33. Pursuant
to the Club’s policy of indemnifying office bearers, the 2008 MC therefore
passed the Indemnity Resolution in accordance with their powers.

33 OS 469 was dismissed by the High Court on 24 August 2009 without written
grounds being issued. Poh Pai Chin did not appeal.

The 2009 AGM

34 The Club’s members were informed about OS 469 at the Club’s AGM on 24 May
2009 (“the 2009 AGM”). This arose in the context of a motion to refer Gary Oon
and Theresa Kay to the Club’s Disciplinary Committee for writing to Poh Pai
Chin’s solicitors in connection with OS 469. The complaint in the motion was
that Gary Oon and Theresa Kay had, without first consulting with the other
2008 MC members, informed Poh Pai Chin’s solicitors that they had both not
authorised the use of Club funds for the Plaintiff’s defence in Suit 33 when
the 2008 MC had, in fact, unanimously passed the Indemnity Resolution.

35 During the discussion of this motion at the 2009 AGM, the Plaintiff
informed the Club’s members that it had always been the Club’s practice and
policy to use Club funds to defend its MC members if they were sued in the
course of discharging their duties and responsibilities. Gary Oon took the
converse position and told the members that defamation was a voluntary act and
could not be said to have been done in the discharge of duties as an MC
member. He therefore said that defamation should not be covered by Club funds.

36 Thereafter, a member of the Club, Mr Rajsingham, proposed a motion that the
general meeting re-affirm the Indemnity Resolution in the following terms:

That the House affirms the Management Committee’s resolution that the Club
indemnifies all Management Committee members, Sub Committee members,
Disciplinary Panel/Committee members, and Ad Hoc Committee members who, in the
discharge of their duties and responsibilities for and on behalf of the club
are sued, the Club funds will be used to defend them, an indemnity which has
been the practice of the Club.

The minutes of the 2009 AGM show that a vote was taken, there were no
objections and the general meeting unanimously adopted the re-affirmation of
the Indemnity Resolution.

37 However, the Suit 33 Plaintiffs and two other members of the Club
challenged the re-affirmation of the Indemnity Resolution at the 2009 AGM in
Originating Summons No 826 of 2009. The High Court found the re-affirmation to
be null and void on the ground that it was not a matter specified on the
agenda for the 2009 AGM and that this amounted to a breach of the Club’s
Rules.

The 2010 AGM

38 The Indemnity Resolution again came up for discussion at the Club’s AGM on
23 May 2010 (“the 2010 AGM”). Prior to the 2010 AGM, the Club’s 2009/2010
Annual Report was distributed to the Club members. The Club’s audited accounts
for the financial year ending 31 January 2010, which were exhibited in the
2009/2010 Annual Report, indicated that the Club had spent $508,000 on legal
and professional fees during that financial year.

39 This prompted two members, namely, Frances Wong and Chew Siong Lim, to
request a breakdown of this expenditure item at the 2010 AGM. The minutes of
the 2010 AGM state that the breakdown was projected on the screen during this
AGM. It showed that the bulk of the expenditure, in the sum of $403,000, had
gone towards the Plaintiff’s defence in Suit 33.

40 Thereafter, the use of the Club’s funds for the Plaintiff’s defence in Suit
33 was debated in some detail by the members at the 2010 AGM. It is recorded
that the following was explained to the members:

(a) a further $350,000 had been set aside in the Club’s budget for use in Suit
33 for the financial year ending 31 January 2011;

(b) in the event that the Club (or to be more accurate, the Plaintiff) lost
Suit 33, the Club would have to bear the total costs and damages itself
because it was not covered by insurance; and

(c) it would be difficult to predict what the total costs of the Plaintiff’s
defence in Suit 33 would be.

After this debate, the Annual Report and Accounts were confirmed and adopted
by the members without objections.

The High Court judgment in Suit 33

41 Suit 33 was dismissed by the High Court on 29 October 2010, with written
grounds reported as _Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others v Koh Sin Chong
Freddie_ [2010] SGHC 324. By its decision, the High Court found that the
statements made by the Plaintiff were defamatory of the Suit 33 Plaintiffs
based on their natural and ordinary meaning. However, the High Court found
that the Plaintiff had justified the gist of the defamatory sting. The parties
in Suit 33 filed appeals against those parts of the High Court’s decision
which were adverse to them, the Suit 33 Plaintiffs’ appeal being Civil Appeal
No 210 of 2013 and the Plaintiff’s appeal being Civil Appeal No 213 of 2013
(collectively, “the Suit 33 Appeals”).

The 2011 AGM

42 As was done previously, the Club’s 2010/2011 Annual Report was distributed
to the Club’s members prior to the Club’s AGM on 22 May 2011 (“the 2011 AGM”).
Notably, under the part of the report dealing with the Club’s finances, Tan
Wee Tin updated the members on the costs that the Club had incurred in
relation to Suit 33. It was noted that the Plaintiff’s defence in Suit 33 had
cost the Club $920,370 up to 31 January 2011. The report also set out the
background to Suit 33 and summarised the High Court’s decision. The notes to
the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 January 2011 also
indicated that the Club had spent $551,000 on legal and professional fees
during that financial year.

43 It appears from the minutes that there was no discussion relating to Suit
33 at the 2011 AGM. However, as the members had done in the previous year, the
Annual Report and Accounts were confirmed and adopted without objections.

The CA Judgment in Suit 33

44 The Court of Appeal’s judgment for the Suit 33 Appeals was delivered on 21
November 2011. Its written grounds can be found in _Chan Cheng Wah Bernard v
Koh Sin Chong Freddie and another appeal_ [2012] 1 SLR 506 (“the CA
Judgment”). The Court of Appeal allowed the Suit 33 Plaintiffs’ appeal and
dismissed the Plaintiff’s cross-appeal. The Court of Appeal found that the
statements were defamatory and had not been justified.

45 The Court of Appeal then went on to consider whether the statements were
made on an occasion of qualified privilege, even though the issue was not
canvassed in the Suit 33 Appeals. The Court of Appeal found that the
statements were made on an occasion of qualified privilege, but that this
defence was defeated by the Plaintiff’s malice in making the statements. On
the issue of malice, the Court of Appeal observed that:

65 …Notwithstanding the fact that the Audit Committee had exonerated the [2007
MC] of any wrongdoing in relation to the expenditure and had maintained its
stand even after the Treasurer had drawn its attention to the documents found
in the office of the Previous GM, [the Plaintiff] continued his “witch-hunt”.
This whole episode smacked of nit-picking or fault-finding, or worse, that
[the Plaintiff] had an agenda of his own against [the Suit 33 Plaintiffs],
culminating in the utterance of the two statements which are the subject of
the present defamation suit.

…

94 …[N]otwithstanding that the Audit Committee charged by the 2008 AGM to look
into the expenditure had exonerated the [2007 MC], [the Plaintiff] and the
rest of the [2008 MC] were determined to embark on a “witch-hunt” against the
[Suit 33 Plaintiffs] by conducting their own investigations into the
expenditure, and repeatedly beseeching the Audit Committee to amend the Audit
Report, despite the Audit Committee’s repeated refusal to do so… it is evident
that the [2008 MC], including [the Plaintiff], had, from the beginning,
decided to indict the [Suit 33 Plaintiffs] of wrongdoing, and was determined
to proceed to do so themselves when they failed to persuade the Audit
Committee to their position.

…

96 …[W]e are satisfied that [the Plaintiff’s] dominant motive for publishing
the Statements was to injure [the Suit 33 Plaintiffs], whether out of personal
spite or as follow-up actions after having made ratification of the
expenditure an election issue during the 2008 AGM. Indeed, there is
overwhelming evidence that [the Plaintiff] was determined, on the pretext that
the expenditure was irregular, to soil the reputation of [the Suit 33
Plaintiffs] in the eyes of the members of the Club. Therefore the defence of
qualified privilege is not available to [the Plaintiff] on account of malice.

Events following the CA Judgment

The re-affirmations of the Indemnity Resolution

46 Shortly after the CA Judgment was delivered, a special confidential MC
meeting was convened, on 14 December 2011, to discuss the verdict in the Suit
33 Appeals (“the 14 December Special Meeting”). It should be noted that the
MC’s composition at this time was different from when the Indemnity Resolution
was passed (see [9]–[10] above), in that five members of the 2011 MC were not
in the 2008 MC. Only six members of the 2011 MC attended this meeting as the
other five were overseas, on medical leave, or in the Plaintiff’s case,
excused from attending because the subject matter of the meeting related to
him.

47 During the 14 December Special Meeting, it was noted that D&N had asked the
Club to reconfirm its indemnity to the Plaintiff should they be asked to
represent the Plaintiff in the hearing on assessment of damages for Suit 33.
The 2011 MC was of the view that there was no need to provide a further
indemnity. It was noted that the Indemnity Resolution remained in effect and
the Club’s ability to provide such an indemnity had been upheld when
challenged in OS 469. Further, the 2011 MC unanimously agreed that the Club
should provide an indemnity to all members who served on the MC or its sub-
committees.

48 On 19 December 2011, a further special confidential MC meeting was
convened. This time, 10 of the 11 members of the 2011 MC attended. The 2011 MC
members, with the exception of the Plaintiff who was excused from attending on
this item, were asked to confirm their agreement with the decisions and
actions taken at the 14 December Special Meeting. They did so unanimously.

49 On 18 January 2012, the Club received a requisition for an Extraordinary
General Meeting (“the EOGM”) from 538 Club members. The requisition was for
the purpose of passing the following three resolutions (collectively, “the
EOGM Resolutions”):

(a) that the Club seeks return from the Plaintiff of all monies paid by the
Club including legal costs and expenses arising out of or in connection with
Suit 33 and the Suit 33 Appeals;

(b) that no Club funds be authorised to pay for the legal costs, expenses
and/or damages arising out of or in connection with Suit 33 and the Suit 33
Appeals; and

(c) that the members have no confidence in the Plaintiff.

50 The requisition for the EOGM had been sparked off by the CA Judgment. In
particular, the requisitioning members noted the Court of Appeal’s finding
that the Plaintiff had acted with malice and took the view that the statements
made by the Plaintiff could not be said to have been made in the discharge of
his duties as an office bearer of the Club. Hence, it was asserted that the
Club was not bound to pay the legal costs and damages occasioned by Suit 33.

51 On the very same day that the Club received the requisition for the EOGM, a
special confidential MC meeting was convened on an urgent basis. Having
discussed the requisition, the 2011 MC decided to re-affirm the Indemnity
Resolution. The minutes of the meeting state that:

2.5 [The Plaintiff] invited MC members to express their views on the
requisition for the EOGM. The MC viewed that the Indemnity Resolution remained
legally valid. At the Special Confidential MC Meeting held on 18 January 2012,
the MC was unanimous in upholding the principle of the Club to indemnify all
committee members if they are sued in the course of duty to the Club. The MC
reaffirmed the validity of the indemnity resolution on 14 January 2009 that
the Club pays for the defense of [the Plaintiff] in the Defamation Suit 33.
The MC was unanimous in that they did not support the three resolutions
proposed by the requisitions.

The payment of $1,021,793.48

52 On 14 February 2012, which was after the EOGM was requisitioned but before
the EOGM was held, the Club made payment of $1,021,793.48 to the Suit 33
Plaintiffs for their costs in Suit 33 and the Suit 33 Appeals. The events
leading to this payment are not really disputed and may be briefly stated as
follows.

(a) On 31 January 2012, the Plaintiff’s then solicitors, Bajwa & Co, sent a
letter to the Plaintiff and the Club to inform them of the outcome of the
taxation of the Suit 33 Plaintiffs’ costs in Suit 33 and the Suit 33 Appeals.
The Plaintiff forwarded this email to the rest of the 2011 MC on 2 February
2012.

(b) On 3 February 2012, WongPartnership sent a letter to Bajwa & Co to demand
payment of the Suit 33 Plaintiffs’ costs. Bajwa & Co forwarded this letter to
the Plaintiff on 10 February 2012 via email. Bajwa & Co’s advice in their
email was in the following terms:

…

4) As there is no stay of the cost order, the said sums are payable otherwise
will keep mounting.

5) Since we are not reviewing the appeal cost, there is no reason not to pay
it now.

6) For the trial costs we have file [sic] for review but even then there is no
harm in paying now and getting a refund if the amount is reduce [sic].

7) We will leave it to you to decide.

(c) The Plaintiff, in turn, forwarded Bajwa & Co’s email to Tan Wee Tin and
Jennifer Wee on 13 February 2012. The Plaintiff indicated in the email to
Jennifer Wee that:

…

As the amounts are due on 31 January 2012, and interest is payable, we should
take the lawyer’s advice and settle the amounts payable now to avoid accruing
interest.

We can still get a refund for the trial costs if we succeed to get the costs
reduced subsequently at the appeal.

Please consult with the Treasurer on this matter and if payment is to be made,
on booking into which account payment year since the payment was due on 31
January 2012, ie in the last financial year.

(d) On 13 February 2012, Tan Wee Tin reminded Jennifer Wee to make the payment
as soon as possible to avoid accruing interest. The next day, Jennifer Wee
received an email from Eric Ng suggesting that the monies be put in escrow
pending the outcome of the review of taxation. Eric Ng’s concern was that
there might have been collection issues between the Club and the Suit 33
Plaintiffs should the costs order be subsequently varied by the court.
However, as Jennifer Wee did not receive further instructions to hold back the
cheque, she prepared a payment voucher and a cheque for $1,021,793.48 which
was approved and signed by Tan Wee Tin on the same day.

The EOGM

53 The EOGM was held on 4 March 2012 and the EOGM Resolutions were passed. The
Club thereafter ceased paying further sums in respect of the Plaintiff’s legal
costs and damages in Suit 33 and the Suit 33 Appeals. Instead, the Plaintiff
paid the outstanding sums personally.

Events after the EOGM

54 Subsequently, two further matters arising from Suit 33 and the Suit 33
Appeals came to be heard by the High Court. First, the review of the taxation
of the costs of trial in Suit 33 was heard on 30 March 2012. It was ordered
that costs be taxed down such that the Plaintiff was to pay $602,500 (and GST
on this sum) to the Suit 33 Plaintiffs. Following that, the assessment of
damages in Suit 33 was heard on 15 May 2012. The High Court eventually ordered
that the Plaintiff pay $420,000 in damages to the Suit 33 Plaintiffs plus
costs of $18,000 for the assessment hearing; its grounds of decision can be
found in _Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others v Koh Sin Chong Freddie_ [2012]
SGHC 193. Both the Plaintiff and the Suit 33 Plaintiffs filed appeals, Civil
Appeal No 63 of 2012 and Civil Appeal No 68 of 2012 respectively, against the
assessment of damages.

55 On 18 June 2012, the Suit 33 Plaintiffs issued a statutory demand against
the Plaintiff for the sum of $440,168.69, being the sum of $420,000 awarded in
damages plus the $18,000 awarded for the costs of the assessment hearing plus
interest up till 18 June 2012. The Plaintiff thereafter filed Originating
Summons (Bankruptcy) No 35 of 2012/Q (“OSB 35”) on 29 June 2012 to set aside
the statutory demand. The Plaintiff also applied for a stay of the execution
of the High Court’s orders in Suit 33 pending his appeal to the Court of
Appeal against the High Court’s assessment of damages. The stay was granted on
31 August 2012 on condition that the Plaintiff furnish $300,000 as security.
OSB 35 was subsequently withdrawn by consent, with the Plaintiff paying $400
in costs to the Suit 33 Plaintiffs.

56 Civil Appeal Nos 63 and 68 of 2012 were heard on 18 March 2013. On appeal,
the Court of Appeal varied the High Court’s orders as follows:

(a) the Plaintiff was to pay the Suit 33 Plaintiffs $200,000 in damages, with
interest on the said sum to run from the date of assessment in the High Court
to the date of payment at the rate of 3% per annum;

(b) each party was to bear his own costs for the appeals as well as for the
assessment of damages in the High Court;

(c) the costs of the trial for Suit 33 was fixed at $200,000 plus
disbursements fixed at $80,000;

(d) the costs of the Suit 33 Appeals was fixed at $45,000 inclusive of
disbursements, to be paid by the Plaintiff to the Suit 33 Plaintiffs; and

(e) the surplus amount paid by the Plaintiff for the costs of Suit 33 was to
be refunded to the Plaintiff with interest at the rate of 3% per annum to run
from the date the money was paid to the date it was refunded.

The present action

57 The present action has its origins in two separate actions, namely,
Originating Summons No 309 of 2012 (“OS 309”), filed by the Plaintiff against
the Club on 28 March 2012, and Suit No 510 of 2012/X (“Suit 510”), filed by
the Club against the Plaintiff on 18 June 2012. Pursuant to orders made by an
Assistant Registrar on 27 July 2012, OS 309 was converted into a writ action
and consolidated with Suit 510 to comprise the present suit, Suit No 634 of
2012 (“Suit 634”).

58 In Suit 634, the Plaintiff makes three principal claims for relief:

(a) a declaration that the Indemnity Resolution is valid and binds the Club;

(b) a declaration that the EOGM Resolutions are ineffectual to vary and/or
alter the Plaintiff’s right to be indemnified under the Indemnity Resolution
for costs and damages incurred by him in respect of Suit 33 and its related
actions; and

(c) an order that the Club pay the Plaintiff the sum of $248,900.91 and the
costs and expenses of defending OSB 35 (see [55] above) pursuant to the
Indemnity Resolution.

The sum of $248,900.91 in item (c) above comprises sums which the Plaintiff
personally paid in respect of his legal costs and damages in Suit 33 and its
related proceedings, that is, $41,010.50 in legal fees paid to Bajwa & Co and
$200,000 in damages paid to the Suit 33 plaintiffs plus interest at $7,890.41.

59 The Club denies that the Plaintiff is entitled to the relief he claims. In
addition, the Club counterclaims for the sum of $1,520,685.44 (and pre-
judgment interest on this sum at 5.33% per annum from 18 June 2012)
comprising:

(a) $1,033,810.35 paid prior to the CA Judgment delivered on 21 November 2011;
and

(b) $486,875.09 paid after the CA Judgment delivered on 21 November 2011.

These comprise various sums paid by the Club in respect of the Plaintiff’s
legal costs in Suit 33 and its related proceedings.

Issues

60 Based on parties’ arguments, the issues before me broadly are as follows:

(a) the effect of the EOGM Resolutions on the Indemnity Resolution;

(b) whether the Indemnity Resolution is void or voidable for material non-
disclosure;

(c) whether the Indemnity Resolution is voidable for breach of fiduciary
duties by the Plaintiff and/or the other MC members; and

(d) whether the Club had paid the Plaintiff’s legal costs under a mistake.

The Effect of the EOGM Resolutions on the Indemnity Resolution

The legal character of the Indemnity Resolution

61 Before turning to the parties’ arguments proper, there is a preliminary
issue which needs to be addressed. This concerns the legal character of the
Indemnity Resolution, and more specifically, whether the Indemnity Resolution
is a contract as between the Plaintiff and the Club. Neither party addressed
this issue squarely; although both parties at some point in submissions seemed
to suggest that the Indemnity Resolution did have contractual force.

62 As will become evident below, the legal character of the Indemnity
Resolution is important in two respects:

(a) The first relates to whether the Club could revoke the Indemnity
Resolution by way of the EOGM Resolutions.

(b) The second relates to the principles to be applied in the interpretation
of the Indemnity Resolution.

63 In analysing this preliminary issue, it is helpful to first consider the
Club’s legal personality.

64 The Club is an unincorporated association and it is not a legal entity in
and of itself. The Club is instead a creature of the contract as between its
members, and which is encapsulated in the Club’s Rules: see _In re Sick and
Funeral Society of St John’s Sunday School, Golcar_ [1973] Ch 51 at 60;
_McGuire Graeme and others v Rasmussen John and others_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 892 at
[13]; _Petrie Christopher Harrisson v Jones Alan and others_ [2005] 2 SLR(R)
387 (“ _Petrie Christopher Harrisson_ ”) at [18]. The Club’s Rules govern the
relationship between the members and define their rights, duties and
liabilities.

65 Given the private nature of the contract between the members, it has been
observed that an unincorporated association is run by the members for the
members, with no outside control: see David Ashton and Paul W Reid, _Ashton
and Reid on Club Law_ (Jordans, 2005) (“ _Ashton and Reid on Club Law_ ”) at
para 1-09. However, it is commonly the case that the general management and
the day-to-day operations of an unincorporated association are left to a
committee. Taking the example of the present case, the MC manages the Club
pursuant to Rule 21(a)(i) of the Club’s Rules. Rule 21(j), in turn, defines
the MC’s powers in the following terms:

The Management Committee shall have the power to set and decide on all
policies and matters relating to the Club. The Management Committee may not
act contrary to the decisions of the General Meeting made in accordance with
the rules in this Constitution and always remains subordinate to the General
Meetings. The day-to-day administration of the Club shall be delegated to the
General Manager and his Management Team.

66 In this regard, the power exercised by the committee of an unincorporated
association is a _delegated power_. In other words, the right of each and
every voting member to decide how the unincorporated association is to be
managed and run is vested in the committee. To this end, committee members are
considered to be agents or servants of their associations, and therefore,
responsible to and subject to the control of the members of the association.
Flowing from this, it is axiomatic that the committee is to exercise its
powers for the benefit of the unincorporated association as a whole: _Woodford
and another v Smith and another_ [1970] 1 WLR 806 at 816. I should also note
that it was common ground in these proceedings that the MC owes fiduciary
duties to the Club’s members.

67 Against this background, I return to the issue I had raised earlier, that
is, whether the Indemnity Resolution is a contract as between the Plaintiff
and the Club. This turns on the more general issue of what is the legal effect
of resolutions passed by committees or members of unincorporated associations.
Surprisingly, there seems to be little clear authority on the issue.

68 In its simplest form, a resolution may be defined a “formal determination
by an organised meeting”: see N E Renton, _Guide for Meetings and
Organisations Volume 2: Guide for Meetings_ (LBC Information Services, 7th Ed,
2000) at para 4.1. In other words, resolutions are formal decisions of an
entity, be it a company or some other association of persons. Importantly,
however, it is also observed in Tan Cheng Han ed, _Walter Woon on Company Law_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2009) (“ _Walter Woon on Company Law_ ”) at para
6.69, albeit in the context of resolutions passed by the organs of a company,
that whilst “a resolution may be a decision of the company, it does not _ipso
facto_ amount to a contract”. The authors cite two cases as authority for this
proposition, to which I now turn to consider in some detail.

69 The first is the decision of the Malaysian High Court in _Lam Eng Rubber
Factory (M) Sdn Bhd v Lim Beng Yew & Ors_ [1994] 3 MLJ 405 (“ _Lam Eng Rubber_
”). In that case, the plaintiff company claimed repayment of various sums of
money that it had allegedly advanced to the defendants, who were shareholders
of the plaintiff. In this regard, the plaintiff relied on a directors’
resolution to the effect that the company would advance sums totalling RM
360,000 to the defendants as interest-free loans. The plaintiff contended that
the resolution amounted to a contract in writing and therefore, under s 91 of
the Malaysian Evidence Act 1950 (Act 56), extrinsic evidence could not be
admitted to contradict its terms. In rejecting this argument, KC Vohraj J
observed as follows at 409:

_I fail to see how the resolution can be considered as a contract between the
plaintiff company and its new shareholders_. That the document shows that it
is a resolution signed by three directors stating that the company `do hereby
make an advance` to the directors and shareholders does not indicate that it
is a contract. _Nowhere in [the resolution] is it shown that there was an
offer to lend money by the plaintiff company and that the offer was accepted
by the defendants_. More specifically, there is nothing in the resolution
which shows that `at the request of the defendants the plaintiff advanced and
the defendants borrowed ...` certain sums of money as averred in para 5 of the
statement of claim. I fail to see how either s 91 or s 92 of the Evidence Act
1950 can be invoked.[emphasis added]

70 This aspect of _Lam Eng Rubber_ was subsequently approved by the Malaysian
High Court in _EON Bank Bhd v KSU Holdings Bhd_ [2011] 8 MLJ 498. There, the
plaintiff bank claimed against the defendant company for specific performance
of a corporate guarantee which the defendant had allegedly given to the
plaintiff. Although a guarantee document had been sent to the defendant, this
was never executed. Instead, the plaintiff relied on a board resolution of the
defendant authorising it to provide the guarantee as evincing the relevant
contract. Hanipah Farikullah JC found that such reliance was misplaced as the
resolution was not a contract. Having cited the above passage in _Lam Eng
Rubber_ , Farikullah JC continued (at [57]–[59]):

[57] Applying the decision in [_Lam Eng Rubber Factory (M) Sdn Bhd_], it is
clear that _the resolution is an internal document of the defendant
authorising and empowering the defendant to do and carry out matters
stipulated therein_. It does not however require or compel the defendant to do
or carry out any of the matters stated therein.

[58] Thus, it would therefore be clearly _wrong in law for this court to
accept the plaintiff’s contention that the resolution is an undertaking given
by the defendant to the plaintiff capable of being specifically enforced_ …

[59] By law the resolution has no legal binding effect _vis-a-vis_ the
company, the defendant in this case, and a third party, the plaintiff in this
case. _It does not create any legal relationship between the plaintiff and the
defendant_.

[emphasis added]

71 The second decision cited in _Walter Woon on Company Law_ is that of the
Singapore High Court in _Goh Kim Hai Edward v Pacific Can Investment Holdings
Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 540 (“ _Goh Kim Hai Edward_ ”). The issue in that case
was whether the plaintiff’s employment contract with the defendant company had
been renewed by a board resolution in the following terms:

That the employment contract of the chairman, Mr Edward Goh, subject to the
terms and conditions and amendments as contained therein, renewed for another
two years be and is hereby confirmed and ratified.

72 Judith Prakash J was of the view that it had not. She observed as follows
(at [57]–[58]):

57 From my reading of the resolution, it is clear that, at the least, what the
board did was to accept the SERC's recommendation that the plaintiff's
contract be extended on the terms which they had proposed, ie the original
terms plus a modification of the bonus clause. _The acceptance of the
recommendation did not, however, of itself constitute the new contract between
the plaintiff and the defendants_. It could not do so despite the somewhat
peculiar way the resolution was worded and the use of the word "ratified'. In
fact, as the plaintiff himself agreed there was nothing there to ratify since
in January 1992 the SERC presented a recommendation rather than a purported
contract as it had done in October 1989. Also the board was advised by its
solicitors at the meeting held on 27 March 1992 that in the context of the
resolution the word "ratified" meant no more than "confirmed" and added
nothing to the effect of the resolution. This advice was accepted by the board
(including the plaintiff and Mr Pang) without demur and led to Mr Rohan
withdrawing his prior demand for the correction of the resolution by the
deletion of the words "and ratified" based on his stand that he could not have
agreed to have ratified what he had not seen.

58 As the defendants submitted, _the relevant resolution did not, and could
not, fall within the category of resolutions which have an immediate legal
effect_. Rather it was the _more usual sort of resolution which requires
communication or some other act in relation to it to be done before it becomes
part of a transaction which is legally binding_. That this was so was
recognised by the plaintiff's submission that Mr Pang had been authorised to
implement the decision and had done so by way of the renewal letter. If the
resolution itself had been capable of constituting the contract there would
have [been] no necessity to authorise anyone to take any implementation
action.

[emphasis added]

73 Finally, reference may be made to the decision of the New South Wales Court
of Appeal in _Ex parte Forster; Re University of Sydney_ [1964] NSWR 1000.
There the view was stated that:

A resolution may serve to define, _‘for the time being’_ at any rate, _a
policy or principle intended to be followed in dealing with some class of
subject matter_. We say ‘for the time being’ because, _unlike a by-law or
regulation, a resolution may be rescinded or varied by another resolution._
[emphasis added]

74 I agree with the observations made in the above authorities. In my view,
the authorities can be distilled into the following set of principles:

(a) resolutions are formal decisions made by an entity;

(b) resolutions do not have legal effect _in and of themselves_ :

(i) a resolution is not a contract as between the members of the entity
themselves or between the entity and third parties;

(ii) a resolution may however be binding as between the members if the
constitutional documents of the entity or a statutory provision provides it to
be so;

(iii) legal rights and obligations may be independently created if the entity
acts pursuant to the resolution and enters into legally binding transactions;
and

(c) resolutions, unlike a contract, may be rescinded or amended at any time.

75 Applying these principles to the present case, I am of the view that the
Indemnity Resolution did not have contractual force as between the Plaintiff
and the Club so as to entitle the Plaintiff to an _irrevocable_ right to be
indemnified by the Club for the legal costs and damages he had incurred in
Suit 33 and its related proceedings. Rather, the Indemnity Resolution was a
statement of the Club’s policy and intent to defend its office bearers against
legal proceedings brought against them in relation to acts done in the
discharge of their duties as office bearers. This is borne out by the
following facts:

(a) In the minutes of the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting it was recorded that:

(c) … [The Plaintiff] was being sued for what he did and said as President of
the Club and Chairman of the MC meeting. As such the Club is duty bound to
defend its elected officers who are being sued for discharging their duties as
elected officers without which no member would serve in the MC or any of its
Sub Committees.

(d) [Eric Ng] also explained that the Club bought the [insurance policy] to
cover its Management Committee, executive staff and sub committee members to
mitigate its losses in the event of such liabilities occurring. However if for
any reason such liability insurance cover is not available, the Club would
still have to defend its officers

(b) Likewise, the minutes of the 17 February 2009 MC meeting record that:

(c) [Gary Oon] was reminded that at the last MC meeting, barely a month ago,
the MC had unanimously agreed on the policy to indemnify all MC, Sub Committee
and Disciplinary Committee members for any legal proceedings against them
while acting in the interest of the Club in the discharge of their
responsibilities and duties for the Club…

(c) Finally, during the 2009 AGM, the Plaintiff explained to the members that
it had always been the practice and policy of the Club that Club funds be used
to defend its MC and other committee members if they were sued in the course
of discharging their duties and responsibilities.

76 In my judgment, it is clear from the above that the Indemnity Resolution,
_by itself_ , did not give the Plaintiff an irrevocable contractual right to
be indemnified by the Club.

Payments made by the Plaintiff after the EOGM Resolutions were passed

77 In closing submissions, Mr Seah submitted that the EOGM Resolutions do not
vary the Club’s obligation to indemnify the Plaintiff. Mr Seah submitted that
since delegated power had been exercised by the 2008 MC in passing the
Indemnity Resolution, its decision cannot be challenged in the absence of
special provision in the Club’s Rules. In this regard, Mr Seah relied on a
passage in Madeline Cordes _et al, Shackleton on the Law and Practice of
Meetings_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2011) (“ _Shackleton_ ”) where the view
is stated at para 9-04 that:

General or executive committees are those appointed by bodies such as clubs
and associations to manage their affairs and to deal with all matters which it
would not be appropriate to deal with in a general meeting, and are similar to
boards of directors of companies. Executive committees of companies tend to
deal with the day-to-day running of the business, department heads often being
members of such committees, with the board of the company dealing with more
strategic matters. _Having been appointed as a governing body and generally
given full powers to deal with all matters delegated to them, their decisions
cannot, in the absence of special provision in the constitution, be varied or
set aside by a general meeting of the parent body_. [footnotes omitted and
emphasis added]

78 In my judgment, insofar as Mr Seah was contending that the Club is obliged
to pay the Plaintiff’s legal costs and damages in Suit 33 notwithstanding the
EOGM Resolutions, the above passage in _Shackleton_ does not assist his case.
First, as was discussed at [61]–[76] above, the Indemnity Resolution is not a
contract as between the Plaintiff and the Club. To put this in simple terms,
the Indemnity Resolution, by itself, does not contractually oblige the Club to
pay the Plaintiff’s legal costs and damages.

79 Second, it is clear from the passage in _Shackleton_ that the general
proposition that the decisions of a committee cannot be set aside by the
general meeting is subject to any contrary provision in the constitutional
documents. In the present case, such a provision exists by virtue of Rule
21(j) of the Club’s Rules (see [65] above). Rule 21(j) provides that the MC
“may not act contrary to the decisions of the General Meeting” and is always
“subordinate to the General Meeting”. These phrases speak for themselves. In
the absence of a binding indemnity contract between the Club and the
Plaintiff, I am of the view that the Club was entitled to change its mind and
resolve to cease paying the Plaintiff’s legal costs and damages after the EOGM
Resolutions were passed. The MC could not thereafter act contrary to those
EOGM Resolutions.

80 Mr Seah raised an alternative submission that the Club is estopped from
denying that the Plaintiff is entitled to rely on the Indemnity Resolution. To
the extent that Mr Seah sought to rely on the doctrine of estoppel (whether by
representation or by convention) to buttress his claim that the Plaintiff has
a right to be reimbursed for payments which the Plaintiff made personally
after the EOGM Resolutions were passed (as opposed to being used as a defence
to the Club’s claim for the recovery of the payments which the Club had made),
his contentions do not hold water.

81 As I observed earlier, the Plaintiff does not have a contractual right to
be indemnified by the Club. Hence, to allow him to rely on the doctrine of
estoppel in the manner which he proposes would be tantamount to the use of the
doctrine as a sword in the sense of a free-standing cause of action and not
merely as a shield. So far, the Singapore courts have not accepted that the
doctrine of estoppel may be used in this way (see for example _Sea-Land
Service Inc v Cheong Fook Chee Vincent_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 250 at [23]; _OMG
Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd_ [2012] 4 SLR 201 at [72]; _Rudhra Minerals
Pte Ltd v MRI Trading Pte Ltd (formerly known as CWT Integrated Services Pte
Ltd)_ [2013] 4 SLR 1023 at [52]).

Payments made by the Club before the EOGM Resolutions were passed

82 The Plaintiff’s arguments however, stand on firmer ground in relation to
the Club’s ability to recover sums which it had already paid towards the
Plaintiff’s legal costs. In that situation, the Club, through the MC, had
acted pursuant to the Indemnity Resolution and made such payments on the
Plaintiff’s behalf. Even though the Indemnity Resolution does not have
contractual force as between the Plaintiff and the Club, and to that end, the
Club had paid the Plaintiff’s legal costs voluntarily, as a matter of both
principle and policy, I do not see how the Club can simply change its mind
about having made those payments and recover those payments through its own
private act, by passing the EOGM Resolutions. In my view, the Club must go
further and establish a distinct cause of action at law which permits the
recovery of sums which it had already paid towards the Plaintiff’s legal
costs. It follows from the analysis above that the EOGM Resolutions do not
automatically entitle the Club to recover such sums.

Grounds for Recovery

The Club’s case

83 I now turn to consider the Club’s arguments as to why it is entitled to
recover the sums it paid pursuant to the Indemnity Resolution. In closing
submissions, Mr Tan made three principal arguments.

84 First, Mr Tan submitted that the Plaintiff and his “cronies” in the 2008 MC
had concealed the 14 January 2009 Members Letter, and the fact that the
Plaintiff’s defence in Suit 33 fell under the Insured v Insured Exclusion in
the Club’s insurance policy, from the other 2008 MC members at the 14 January
2009 MC Meeting. According to Mr Tan, the Indemnity Resolution was passed
under a fundamental mistake arising from the deception of the Plaintiff and
his “cronies” in the 2008 MC, and therefore, the Indemnity Resolution is void
or voidable at the Club’s instance. Alternatively, Mr Tan submitted that the
Indemnity Resolution should be voidable at the Club’s instance given the
Plaintiff’s “sharp practice” in procuring the Indemnity Resolution.

85 Second, Mr Tan submitted that the Indemnity Resolution was voidable due to
various breaches of fiduciary duties on the part of the Plaintiff and his
“cronies” in the 2008 MC. In particular, it was alleged that:

(a) at the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting, the Plaintiff had actively participated
and influenced the 2008 MC in passing the Indemnity Resolution, in breach of
the Club’s Rules and the Plaintiff’s fiduciary duties;

(b) the Plaintiff and his “cronies” had a vested interest in passing the
Indemnity Resolution. The Indemnity Resolution was passed to cover the
Plaintiff’s liabilities in Suit 33. Further, the Plaintiff’s “cronies” may
also have been implicated in the defamatory statements as they were present
during the MC meetings when the defamatory statements were made. Therefore,
the Indemnity Resolution was not passed in the Club’s interests;

(c) the Plaintiff and his “cronies” had breached their fiduciary duties to the
Club in re-affirming the Indemnity Resolution even after the Court of Appeal
had found, in the CA Judgment, that the Plaintiff had acted with malice in
making the defamatory statements; and

(d) the Plaintiff had breached his fiduciary duties by procuring payment of
his legal costs despite knowing that he would not be covered by the Indemnity
Resolution because of his own malice.

86 Third, Mr Tan submitted that even if the Indemnity Resolution remains
valid, it was only intended to cover office bearers acting in the proper
discharge of their duties. In this regard, Mr Tan submitted that because the
Plaintiff had acted with malice when he made the defamatory statements, he
cannot be said to have acted in the proper discharge of his duties and he is
therefore not entitled to rely on the Indemnity Resolution. Hence, Mr Tan
said, the Club had paid the Plaintiff’s liabilities in respect of Suit 33
under a mistake and is entitled to restitution of the sums it paid under the
law of unjust enrichment.

87 Two preliminary observations should be made at this juncture.

Consistency with the Club’s pleaded case

88 First, it seems to me that the Club’s case in closing submissions was
different from its pleadings. To begin with, it is not apparent from the
Club’s Defence and Counterclaim that its core case is that the Plaintiff and
his “cronies” in the 2008 MC had breached their fiduciary duties when passing
the Indemnity Resolution in the various ways which the Club had alleged in
closing submissions. Instead, the Club’s pleaded position was narrower and
simply that the other members of the 2008 MC had a vested interest in passing
the Indemnity Resolution because of the risk of them being implicated in Suit
33; and further, that the Plaintiff had breached his fiduciary duties by
procuring payments of his legal costs when he knew that he was not covered by
the Indemnity Resolution because of his malice.

89 In the Club’s Counterclaim, there was also no prayer for a declaration that
the Indemnity Resolution was void or voidable, whether for mistake,
unconscionability or for breach of fiduciary duties, nor was there a prayer
for relief in the form of equitable rescission (of the Indemnity Resolution
and the payments made pursuant to it). Rather, the Club’s Counterclaim was
ostensibly pleaded solely as a claim in unjust enrichment for restitution of
payments made by the Club. I will return to the specific issues arising from
the Club’s pleadings later in these grounds.

The Club’s allegation that certain members of the 2008 MC and the 2011 MC were
the Plaintiff’s “cronies”

90 Next, a common thread running through the Club’s closing submissions is
that certain members of the 2008 and 2011 MC were the Plaintiff’s “cronies”.
In particular, the impression which this seeks to convey is that these MC
members had acted in concert with the Plaintiff and had advanced his interests
over the interests of the Club. In my view, the Club’s position is untenable
for the following reasons.

91 First, the Club did not plead this as a fact. Instead, the Club only
pleaded that the other 2008 MC members had a vested interest in passing the
Indemnity Resolution because of the risk of them being implicated in Suit 33.
In my view, there is a fundamental difference between saying that the other
2008 MC members had a vested interest in passing the Indemnity Resolution in
this sense, and saying that they were acting in concert with the Plaintiff and
advancing his interests.

92 Second, the Club did not identify in closing submissions who these alleged
“cronies” were; and more importantly, whether these MC members were in fact
the Plaintiff’s “cronies”. I note in this regard that seven of the 12 members
of the 2008 MC were not called as witnesses in this Suit 634. Without their
evidence, I am not in a position to impute any sinister motives in passing the
Indemnity Resolution to each and every one of them.

93 Third, the Club’s submissions largely gloss over the fact that the
composition of the 2011 MC, which had re-affirmed the Indemnity Resolution at
three separate MC meetings after the CA Judgment (see [46] – [51] above), was
different from the composition of the 2008 MC which had passed the Indemnity
Resolution. This is significant because:

(a) there were five newly elected members of the 2011 MC who were not members
of the 2008 MC. These new 2011 MC members would have no fear of being
implicated in Suit 33, and they would not have had a vested interest in
ensuring that the Indemnity Resolution remained in force to protect the
Plaintiff; and

(b) the Club has not proven that the members of the newly constituted 2011 MC
were also the Plaintiff’s cronies. In this regard, I do not think it is open
to the Club to barely assert (without any evidence), as it has done in closing
submissions, that the new members of the 2011 MC had a vested interest in
protecting the Plaintiff and the rest of the 2008 MC because of their close
relationships with the 2008 MC members who had nominated them.

94 Along the same lines, the Club also submitted that the minority in the 2008
MC were bullied and intimidated into agreeing with the Plaintiff and his
“cronies” at MC meetings. To make good this submission, the Club relied on
statements made by Theresa Kay and Gary Oon at the 2009 AGM, which were
recorded in the minutes of this AGM.

95 As regards Theresa Kay’s statement, I find that it is inadmissible hearsay
as she was not called as a witness at trial and I therefore say nothing
further on it.

96 As for Gary Oon’s statement, the minutes of the 2009 AGM record it as
follows:

16.13[Gary Oon] pointed out that it was clear he and Ms Theresa Kay were under
undue duress to agree to allow [the] Club’s funds to be used. He asked was it
so wrong to express what he thought was right for the Club. He said that the
atmosphere at MC meetings ever since the start of this MC being on board had
been acrimonious and often times discussions were very heated and voices were
raised, which was uncalled for, and on occasions even he felt intimidated. In
that sort of circumstances, when a vote was called for surely the majority
would win. However, as a MC member he owed a fiduciary duty to act in the best
interest of the Club, and agreeing to allow Club’s funds for use for the
defense [sic] of its President in an alleged defamation was certainly not
acting in the interest of the Club…

97 I am mindful that Gary Oon’s statements at the 2009 AGM were made in
response to the motion to censure him at this AGM (see [34] above), for not
consulting with the 2008 MC before replying to the 14 January 2009 Members
Letter. His statements at this AGM may therefore have been motivated by self-
preservation.

98 Moreover, the evidence does not support Gary Oon’s assertion that he was
under “undue duress” to agree to the Indemnity Resolution. The agreed
transcripts of the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting show the 2008 MC freely
discussing the Indemnity Resolution at some length. Pertinently, they show
Gary Oon actively participating in the discussion and enquiring whether the
law allowed the 2008 MC to pass the Indemnity Resolution. Furthermore, Gary
Oon did not object to the Indemnity Resolution when it was passed. Instead, he
only did so belatedly, after receiving the 14 January 2009 Members Letter. In
cross-examination, Gary Oon conceded that he had _changed his mind_ because of
the 14 January 2009 Members Letter:

Q:Mr Oon, if I understand you correctly, what you are essentially saying here
is you would have changed your mind, maybe made an objection to the [Indemnity
Resolution] if you had seen the letter, correct?

A:Yes.

Q:What is clear from this exchange is that you knew full well that the [2008
MC] was asked if anyone had an objection, and you did not have an objection.
Correct?

A:At that point, yes.

99 In his affidavit, Gary Oon also referred to a 2008 MC meeting on 17
February 2009 (“the 17 February 2009 MC Meeting”) and a chain of emails which
preceded that MC meeting as an instance where he was “overwhelmingly shot
down” by the other members of the 2008 MC. The difficulty with Gary Oon’s
evidence in this respect is that it ignores the reasons why the other 2008 MC
members had expressed irritation with him. In this regard, Gary Oon had sought
to amend the minutes of the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting to read that:

(a) no votes were taken on the Indemnity Resolution and it thus could not be
said that the 2008 MC had unanimously agreed to it;

(b) making defamatory allegations was the responsibility of the MC member
concerned and the Club should not be responsible for it; and

(c) Gary Oon had disagreed that the Club should assume all liability in the
defence of such cases.

100 During the 17 February 2009 MC Meeting, Gary Oon likewise objected to the
confirmation of the minutes of the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting on the basis
that the Indemnity Resolution was not passed unanimously.

101 In my view, Gary Oon was attempting to re-write history by raising the
technical objection that the Indemnity Resolution was not passed unanimously
as no vote had been taken, and instead, the 2008 MC members had been asked
whether they had any objections to the Indemnity Resolution. This informal
manner of voting accorded with past practice at MC meetings and Gary Oon knew
this. It is plain on the evidence that Gary Oon did not object to the
Indemnity Resolution at the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting. In the circumstances
there was no reasonable basis for Gary Oon to claim during the 17 February
2009 MC Meeting that the Indemnity Resolution was not passed unanimously.
Pertinently, in cross-examination, Gary Oon accepted that the other MC members
were irritated with his attempts to amend the minutes of the 14 January 2009
MC Meeting to reflect statements which he had not made during that meeting,
and when he could have properly raised these matters later in the 17 February
2009 MC Meeting under “matters arising” and not in the confirmation of the
previous meeting’s minutes:

Q:What is the purpose of minutes of a meeting, Mr Oon?

…

A:It is to record what goes on at the meeting.

Q:Indeed. If you have never said anything of this sort, it should have no
place in the minutes of the meeting, correct?

A:Well, yes, you can.

Q:That is why the rest of the MC members were very irritated with you,
correct?

A:Yeah, if that’s how they feel.

Q:Then there was an exchange of emails that followed this amongst the [2008
MC]…

…

Q:I will not go through all of them, but you would agree with me that
generally they express surprise and irritation at your proposed amendments?

A:Yes.

Q:I just wanted to show you one of the responses, at page 152, it is from Mr
Tan Wee Tin.

He says:

“Gary.

Having acted as secretary of both public-listed and private corporations, one
does not need to refer to Shackleton law for a start.

A member attending and speaking at any meeting is entitled to amend by adding
or deleting words from his statements to render clarity or eliminate
ambiguity.

Procedurally, going beyond is unacceptable whether coming from hindsight or
whatever side you may wish to put forth.

_Of course the attendee concerned can voice his views under “Matters arising”
at this meeting._

All is therefore not lost.”

_Mr Tan is simply saying that you should not be putting forth your views in
minutes. If you want to, you can brick [sic] them up in – bring them up in
matters arising, correct?_

A:Yes.

Q:That is a perfectly reasonable thing to say, correct?

A:Yes.

Q:And you should have no reason to be angry with Mr Tan for saying this?

A:No I am not angry, that’s why I didn’t reply.

Q: _Thank you. You see, this series of emails is not an attempt by the [2008
MC] to gang up on you and shut you out. They were simply calling you to order
because you were trying to insert things into the minutes that you did not say
at the last meeting. Do you agree or disagree?_

A:I agree.

Q:And when you got into a little quarrel with them at the start of the next
meeting on this subject, they were also irritated that you – at you because
you tried to insert these things into the minutes. Agree?

A:Perhaps that’s how they feel.

[emphasis added]

102 In the circumstances, I find that the Club has not proven its claim that
the minority in the 2008 MC were bullied and intimidated into passing the
Indemnity Resolution by the Plaintiff and his “cronies” in the 2008 MC.

Whether the Indemnity Resolution was passed under a fundamental mistake or
procured by sharp practice

103 I turn to the Club’s first ground for the recovery of payments the Club
had made for the Plaintiff’s legal costs. This is that the Plaintiff and his
“cronies” had concealed the 14 January 2009 Member Letter and the Insured v
Insured Exclusion from the other 2008 MC members at the 14 January 2009 MC
Meeting. In effect, the Club’s case was that the Indemnity Resolution was
passed by the 2008 MC under a fundamental mistake, or alternatively, the
Indemnity Resolution was procured by sharp practice or unconscionable conduct
on the Plaintiff’s part. Therefore, the Club submitted, the Indemnity
Resolution was void, or alternatively, voidable at the Club’s instance.

104 As previously noted at [88] and [89] above, it is not clear from the
Club’s Defence and Counterclaim that the Club was seeking to have the
Indemnity Resolution, and the payments made pursuant to it, invalidated on
this ground. In particular, the Club only pleaded that the Plaintiff did not
bring the 14 January 2009 Members Letters and the Insured v Insured Exclusion
to the attention of the other 2008 MC members when he had knowledge of these
matters. The Club did not further plead an operative mistake on the part of
the other 2008 MC members in passing the Indemnity Resolution. Nor did the
Club furnish particulars of unconscionable conduct on the part of the
Plaintiff and his “cronies”. Moreover, the Club’s Defence and Counterclaim did
not pray for relief in the form of equitable rescission. Be that as it may, I
need not say more on this point of pleading because I find the Club’s
contentions untenable on substantive grounds (see [124]–[153] below).

Res judicata

105 As a preliminary objection, Mr Seah submitted that the Club was precluded
from raising the factual issues of the Plaintiff’s failure to disclose the 14
January 2009 Members Letter and the Insured v Insured Exclusion during the 14
January 2009 MC Meeting, by the doctrine of issue estoppel, or alternatively,
the extended doctrine of _res judicata_.

The law on _res judicata_ and issue estoppel

106 The doctrine of _res judicata_ comprises two related concepts. The first
is cause of action estoppel, which, broadly speaking, prevents re-litigation
of the same cause of action between the same parties. Cause of action estoppel
did not feature in the proceedings before me. I therefore say nothing further
on it.

107 The proceedings before me concerned the second concept of issue estoppel
instead. Issue estoppel may arise even if the earlier decision did not
determine the same cause of action being sued upon in the later proceedings;
issue estoppel applies so long as the earlier decision determined _an issue_
that was an essential step in the reasoning of that earlier decision. Should
this issue prove to be relevant in later proceedings between the same parties,
further consideration of that issue may be foreclosed: _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian
Teck and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“ _Goh Nellie_ ”) at [18].

108 Four requirements must be met before issue estoppel will arise (_Lee Tat
Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation of Strata Title Plan No 301_
[2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 (“ _Lee Tat_ ”) at [14]–[15]):

(a) there must be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits;

(b) that judgment must be of a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c) there must be identity between the parties to the two actions that are
being compared; and

(d) there must be an identity of subject matter in the two proceedings.

109 In the present case, parties did not dispute that the first two
requirements were met and their arguments centred on the third and fourth
requirements instead. I will therefore only set out the principles in relation
to the third and fourth requirements.

110 With regard to the third requirement, namely, identity between the
parties, the courts have not taken a narrow view of what this means. Instead,
the courts have looked past the form to consider whether, in substance, the
parties involved in the two sets of proceedings were effectively the same (see
_Lee Tat at [14] and Goh Nellie_ at [33]). As Lord Diplock observed in _Hunter
v Chief Constable of the West Midlands Police_ [1982] AC 529 at 541, issue
estoppel may arise in civil actions between “the same parties or their
privies”.

111 As for the fourth requirement of identity of subject matter, this turns on
two factors. The first is that the issue in question must have been raised and
argued in the earlier proceedings (_Goh Nellie_ at [38]). The second is
whether the previous determination of the issue in question was fundamental
(and not merely collateral) to the previous decision so that the previous
decision cannot stand without that determination (_Goh Nellie_ at [35]).

112 If issue estoppel does not arise, because there is no identity between the
parties or the subject matter of the earlier decision and the later
proceedings, a party may also rely on the extended doctrine of _res judicata_
, which is otherwise known as the defence of an abuse of process (see _Goh
Nellie_ at [19] and [23]).

113 The extended doctrine of _res judicata_ is a matter of weighing competing
interests. The courts are concerned with ensuring finality in judicial
decisions and preventing a party from being unjustly hounded given the earlier
history of the matter. The question is whether the issue ought to have been
raised with reasonable diligence in the previous proceedings. However, the
mere fact that the issue was not raised in the earlier proceedings does not
necessarily render raising the issue in the later proceedings abusive. Thus
the courts must consider whether it is in fact an abuse of process to raise
the issue only at the later proceedings (see generally _Goh Nellie_ at [52]).

Application to the present case

114 With regard to the third requirement of issue estoppel, which is identity
between the parties, I am of the view that the parties to OS 469 and to this
Suit 634 were different. First, Poh Pai Chin is not a party to Suit 634.
Second, and more importantly, the Club took a position in OS 469 which was
aligned with its co-defendant, the Plaintiff, against a member of the Club.
Affidavits had been filed on behalf of all the defendants in OS 469 and they
stated, amongst other things, that the Indemnity Resolution was valid and
_intra vires_ the Club’s Rules, and that the 2008 MC and the Club could
authorise the payment of the Plaintiff’s legal expenses. The undercurrent
running through the affidavits filed by the defendants was that the Club,
through the 2008 MC, had intended to pay the Plaintiff’s legal expenses.

115 In this Suit 634, however, the Club’s interests and the Plaintiff’s
interests are diametrically opposed. While the Plaintiff is seeking to uphold
the Indemnity Resolution, the Club is now opposing it in view of the EOGM
Resolutions. The Club no longer wants to pay the Plaintiff’s legal expenses,
and is further attempting to claw back payments it had already made. In
effect, the Club has adopted an opposing position because the Club is now run
by a different MC from the 2008 MC. The privies of the Club are different, and
hence the position the Club now adopts is different too. I am not convinced
that, _in substance_ , there is identity between the Club in OS 469 and the
Club in this Suit 634. Therefore, the third requirement to establish issue
estoppel is not met.

116 With regard to the fourth requirement of issue estoppel, which is identity
in subject matter, I am also not satisfied that this is made out. The central
issue in OS 469 was whether the Indemnity Resolution was _intra vires_ the
Club’s Rules. In other words, OS 469 turned on whether it was within the 2008
MC’s power, as derived from the Club’s Rules, to pass the Indemnity Resolution
in the first place. Poh Pai Chin had relied on the 14 January 2009 Members
Letter to argue that point.

117 The issue in this Suit 634 is different. Here, no question of _ultra
vires_ arises. The Club accepts that it was within the 2008 MC’s power, under
the Club’s Rules, to pass the Indemnity Resolution. However, the Club argues
that the 2008 MC’s decision to do so has been vitiated on the grounds of
mistake or unconscionability. The Club relies on the 14 January 2009 Members
Letter and the Insured v Insured Exclusion to make out its case on these
grounds.

118 I am mindful that it was disputed in the affidavits filed in OS 469
whether the 14 January 2009 Members Letter had been disclosed to the 2008 MC
during the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting. Poh Chai Chin and Gary Oon deposed that
it was not whilst Ashok Sharma and BB Khoo deposed that it was. However, based
on the outcome in OS 469, it is unclear whether the 14 January 2009 Members
Letter was fundamental to the decision there, such that the decision could not
stand without that determination (see _Goh Nellie_ at [35]).

119 As mentioned earlier, OS 469 was centred on the issue of _ultra vires_. In
that context, it may be surmised that the interpretation of the Club’s Rules
would have been the foremost issue. The 14 January 2009 Members letter would
only become a relevant consideration if the Club’s Rules required the 2008 MC
to take the 10 members’ wishes into account. Because OS 469 was dismissed
without written grounds being delivered, it is unclear how the court arrived
at its decision. There are two possibilities:

(a) the court may have found that the 2008 MC was not required to take
members’ wishes into consideration. In that case, the court could have
dismissed OS 469 on the basis that the 2008 MC was acting within its power in
passing the Indemnity Resolution – no finding on the 14 January 2009 Members
Letter would have been necessary; or

(b) the court may have found that the 2008 MC was required to take members’
wishes into consideration. The court would then have also had to find that the
14 January 2009 Members Letter was in fact disclosed and considered by the
2008 MC before passing the Indemnity Resolution.

As the decision in OS 469 could have been arrived at in either of the two
scenarios above, I cannot be satisfied that the issue of whether the 14
January 2009 Members Letter had been disclosed during the 14 January 2009 MC
Meeting was fundamental to the court’s decision.

120 In any event, the Insured v Insured Exclusion was not even raised and
argued by Poh Pai Chin in OS 469 as a basis for invalidating the Indemnity
Resolution (see _Goh Nellie_ at [38]).

121 In the circumstances, I am not satisfied that the requirement of identity
of subject matter is met. It follows that the Plaintiff’s contentions
regarding issue estoppel must fail.

122 The question then is whether it would nonetheless be an abuse of process
for the Club to be allowed to raise the non-disclosure of the 14 January 2009
Members Letter and the Insured v Insured Exclusion in this Suit 634, such that
it would engage the wider doctrine of _res judicata_. In my judgment, there is
no abuse of process because:

(a) the Club is now prosecuting an action which involves allegations by the
Club of wrongdoing by its previous MC. The fact is that the 2008 MC may have
caused the Club to take positions in OS 469 which were aligned with their own
interests;

(b) OS 469 was an action commenced by an individual member of the Club and not
the Club itself. Poh Pai Chin elected to run his case to invalidate the
Indemnity Resolution on the basis of _ultra vires_ alone. Poh Pai Chin’s
election to do so should not be held against the Club. Further, even if Gary
Oon should reasonably have raised the non-disclosure of the Insured v Insured
Exclusion as a basis for invalidating the Indemnity Resolution in OS 469, this
should not preclude the Club from doing so now; and

(c) it is impossible to ascertain precisely what was determined in OS 469 in
the absence of written grounds.

123 In my view, therefore, the Club is not precluded from canvassing these
issues of fact in this Suit 634. I will now turn to consider each of these
issues, starting with the Insured v Insured Exclusion.

Was the Insured v Insured Exclusion discussed at the 14 January 2009 MC
Meeting?

124 Based on the agreed transcripts of the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting, it
would appear that the meeting proceeded without any mention of the Insured v
Insured Exclusion. Reference to the Club’s insurance policy during the
discussion on the Indemnity Resolution was made in a different context. The
following points summarise the 14 January 2009 MC meeting in this regard:

(a) the Plaintiff was being sued for defamation and although the claim was
against him personally, the statements had been made in his capacity as the
President of the Club;

(b) as a matter of Club policy, all MC members should be protected by an
indemnity from the Club for acts done in their discharge of their duties to
the Club by virtue of their positions;

(c) the insurance policy obtained by the Club was in furtherance of such a
Club policy, and, _even if_ the insurance policy did not cover certain acts,
the Club should nevertheless provide coverage for MC members;

(d) the indemnity by the Club would be for any sort of action that could be
brought against the MC members and not just defamation actions;

(e) there was nothing, legally, that prevented the MC from passing an
indemnity resolution and it would be for the MC to decide; and

(f) the Club’s funds would be used for this indemnity.

125 Eric Ng also testified at trial that the discussion was conducted in such
a manner so as to focus on the Indemnity Resolution and not the Club’s
insurance policy. Because of that, the Insured v Insured Exclusion was not
specifically mentioned. Eric Ng had proceeded on the basis that in the event
the Club’s insurance policy did not apply, all office bearers would
nevertheless be covered by an indemnity from the Club. This was repeated to
the 2008 MC members at the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting more than once.

126 This is corroborated by what the Plaintiff had said in relation to
insurance coverage (or the lack thereof) at the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting:

Eric Ng: |  … we are talking about the Club defending the MC for -- when they are being sued in the course of executing their duties and responsibilities.  
---|---  
[the Plaintiff]: |  You see, here we might not get insurance coverage, all right.  
Eric Ng: |  Yah.  
[the Plaintiff]: |  So you are now implying that because we have insurance coverage, we are covered.  
Eric Ng: |  Yah, correct.  
[the Plaintiff]: |  What if we are faced with a situation, come renewal, they say, “I’m sorry, I don’t want to insure Singapore Swimming Club” --  
Eric Ng: |  I --  
[the Plaintiff]: |  \-- but the Club still has to cover the MC, whoever the MC, it may not be me. It could be, you know, Mr A, Mr B, who comes to the MC.  
  
  

Based on my reading of the evidence, the Plaintiff was effectively saying that
the Club should still cover the costs of defending MC members whether or not
there was insurance coverage.

Was the 2008 MC aware of the Insured v Insured Exclusion?

127 It is crucial to the Club’s case that the other 2008 MC members, apart
from the Plaintiff and Eric Ng, did not know about the Insured v Insured
Exclusion. If they knew about the Insured v Insured Exclusion but did not
mention it, then the Insured v Insured Exclusion could not have been material
to, or have affected, their decision making. This point was not made
explicitly clear by the Club. On the other hand, the Plaintiff argued that the
other 2008 MC members knew of the Insured v Insured Exclusion on or before the
14 January 2009 MC Meeting.

128 In my view, the respective cases of both parties were lacking in one key
respect: the evidence of _all_ 2008 MC members. This is not a case where the
objective evidence from the agreed transcripts and the meeting minutes speak
for themselves. On its face, the objective evidence did not reveal any
discussion on the insurance policy’s limitations or, more specifically, the
Insured v Insured Exclusion. Yet, it seemed to me at the same time during the
trial that at least some 2008 MC Members knew about the Insured v Insured
Exclusion by the time of the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting. In any event, I
propose to say no more on this given my conclusion below that the Insured v
Insured Exclusion was not material to the passing of the Indemnity Resolution,
and that the Indemnity Resolution was not passed under a fundamental mistake.

Was the 14 January 2009 Members Letter disclosed at the 14 January 2009 MC
Meeting?

129 The Club also asserted that the 14 January 2009 Members Letter was not
disclosed to the members of the 2008 MC at the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting.

130 The 14 January 2009 Members Letter was not mentioned in the agreed
transcripts or the minutes of the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting. This is also
corroborated by the agreed transcripts for the subsequent 17 February 2009 MC
Meeting where Gary Oon asked why the letter had not been circulated at the 14
January 2009 MC Meeting and BB Khoo had confirmed that the letter had not been
circulated. At this juncture, it is pertinent to note that BB Khoo was the
recipient of the said letter and the non-disclosure of the said letter is thus
attributable to him. In this regard, I observe that there is no evidence that
the Plaintiff or Eric Ng had directed him to not disclose the said letter at
the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting.

131 In my judgment, it is plain on the evidence that the 14 January 2009
Members Letter was not disclosed at the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting. I also
note that Mr Seah did not assert the contrary in closing submissions.

Were the non-disclosures material?

132 I now come to the materiality of the non-disclosures. As seen from above,
the 14 January 2009 Members Letter and the Insured v Insured Exclusion were
not disclosed or discussed by the 2008 MC at the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting.
However, for the Club to prove its case that the Indemnity Resolution is void
or voidable, the Club must go further and prove that the non-disclosures were
material to the passing of the Indemnity Resolution.

133 I will first consider the materiality of the Insured v Insured Exclusion
to the passing of the Indemnity Resolution. As I had mentioned above, I could
not determine whether all the 2008 MC members knew (or did not know) about the
Insured v Insured Exclusion by the time they attended the 14 January 2009 MC
Meeting. However, based on the evidence before me, I am of the view that the
2008 MC members must have known about the Insured v Insured Exclusion and its
effect by the time Ashok Sharma’s affidavit was filed in OS 469, that is, by
12 June 2009. This was an affidavit filed on behalf of the 2008 MC members
(excluding Theresa Kay, Mike Chia and Gary Oon) and these 2008 MC members must
therefore be taken to have known of its contents. As for Gary Oon, he
testified in cross-examination that he had found out about the Insured v
Insured Exclusion sometime in May 2009.

134 In his affidavit filed in OS 469, Ashok Sharma deposed that the Insured v
Insured Exclusion was one of the reasons why the Indemnity Resolution was
passed. Pertinently, none of the other 2008 MC members who were involved in OS
469 had raised any objection to this aspect of Ashok Sharma’s affidavit or
contended that they did not know that the Insured v Insured Exclusion would
exclude Suit 33 from insurance coverage. I also note that apart from Gary Oon,
no 2008 MC member raised any such objection at any MC meeting at any time
after 12 June 2009 or for the purpose of this Suit 634, or in any other forum.
As for Gary Oon, even though he found out about the Insured v Insured
Exclusion earlier, in May 2009, he did not mount any objections to the
Indemnity Resolution on this basis, and further, he did not address the issue
of non-disclosure of the Insured v Insured Exclusion in OS 469 or at the EOGM.
Rather, the first time Gary Oon raised the issue was in this Suit 634.

135 Furthermore, it should be emphasised that the Indemnity Resolution was
purportedly passed by the MC 2008 to affirm the Club’s policy of indemnifying
its office bearers when they were sued in the course of executing their duties
and responsibilities. In that regard, the insurance policy was relevant in the
sense that the insurance policy was a means, but certainly not the sole means,
of giving effect to the Club’s policy. Where insurance cover was absent or
lacking for certain liabilities, the Club would nevertheless still indemnify
its office bearers. Pertinently, none of the 2008 MC members discussed
limitations to the Club’s indemnification. On the contrary, the Indemnity
Resolution was intentionally worded to cover all MC members, present or
future, for all acts of the MC members done in the discharge of their duties,
and for any amount.

136 In the premises, I do not think that the disclosure of the Insured v
Insured Exclusion at the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting would have materially
affected the 2008 MC members’ decision in passing the Indemnity Resolution.

137 The observations above are similarly applicable to the 14 January 2009
Members Letter. I note Gary Oon’s evidence that he would have objected to the
passing of the Indemnity Resolution if the 14 January 2009 Members Letter had
been disclosed to him at the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting. Because of his
objections, it was eventually recorded in the minutes of the 17 February 2009
MC Meeting that “at his own behest the [insurance policy] coverage would not
include [Gary Oon] for all defamation suits. An amendment would be made to the
insurance policy”. However, even if Gary Oon had objected, his objection would
not have been material to the passing of the Indemnity Resolution as it was
only one member’s objection in the face of the majority of the 2008 MC, all of
whom did _not_ raise similar objections to the passing of the Indemnity
Resolution at the 17 February 2009 MC Meeting, even though they all knew about
the existence of the 14 January 2009 Members Letter by that time.

138 The following observations also inform my conclusion that the non-
disclosure of the 14 January 2009 Members Letter was not material to the
passing of the Indemnity Resolution.

139 First, the points that were made in the 14 January 2009 Members Letter had
already been canvassed in the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting. The said letter made
the following points:

(a) the Plaintiff was being sued in Suit 33 for defamation;

(b) unincorporated associations like the Club could not be liable for the
tortious acts of its officials or committee members;

(c) therefore, and in the interest of the Club, the members requested that
Club funds would not be used to finance the Plaintiff’s defence as doing so
would be improper; and

(d) if funds had been used, steps ought to be taken to recover the monies.

140 Comparing the points made in the 14 January 2009 Members Letter (see [139]
above) to what had been discussed above at the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting (see
[124] above), points (a) and (b) of the letter had been raised at the meeting:
the 2008 MC members knew that the Plaintiff was being sued for defamation and,
additionally, took the view that the Club could pass resolutions to indemnify
MC members if they so wished to. As a result of the view that the 2008 MC had
adopted, points (c) and (d) of the said letter did not arise for discussion.
In my view, no new points were raised in the 14 January 2009 Members Letter
that had not been considered by the 2008 MC at the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting,
apart from the fact that 10 members of the Club were objecting to the
Indemnity Resolution being passed.

141 Second, at the 17 February 2009 MC Meeting, Gary Oon had made a separate
point that defamation was a “voluntary act”, so “the person should be
responsible for what he says”. In effect, Gary Oon’s point was that the
capacity in which the MC member had made the statements did not matter and
that all liability arising pursuant to a defamation suit should be borne by
that member personally. However, this point was not made by Gary Oon at the
earlier 14 January 2009 MC Meeting, whilst Eric Ng had made it abundantly
clear that the capacity of the person did matter as the Club would only cover
liability that occurred in the discharge of the MC member’s duties and
responsibilities (see [124] above).

142 Third, Gary Oon’s real objection to the Indemnity Resolution after the
disclosure of the 14 January 2009 Members Letter was to having the Indemnity
Resolution cover defamation actions. Although he had tried to argue that the
passing of the Indemnity Resolution was not unanimous, the basis for his
objection was having the Indemnity Resolution cover defamation actions and not
that the Indemnity Resolution should be revoked in its entirety. In other
words, Gary Oon still wanted to have an indemnity from the Club for other acts
undertaken as an MC member. This is evident in the minutes of the 17 February
2009 MC Meeting where he was excluded, at his request, “for all defamation
suits” and at the 2009 AGM where he once again made the point that the Club
funds should not be used for defamation suits. The 14 January 2009 Members
Letter thus swayed Gary Oon’s original decision in passing the Indemnity
Resolution in so far as it covered defamation actions, but it did not change
his decision that an Indemnity Resolution should still be adopted by the 2008
MC, albeit in a more limited manner.

143 Fourth, as discussed at [67]–[76] above, the Indemnity Resolution could
have been rescinded at any time so long as the requisite majority of the 2008
MC members voted to do so at a subsequent MC meeting. However, this step was
never taken by the 2008 MC even though the 2008 MC would have had known of the
14 January 2009 Members Letter by 17 February 2009 at the latest.

144 In conclusion, I find that the non-disclosure of the 14 January Members
Letter was immaterial to the outcome of the Indemnity Resolution. From the
evidence, it was material to only one person in the 2008 MC (Gary Oon) and
even then, Gary Oon only sought to limit the scope of the Indemnity Resolution
and not to have it revoked in its entirety. No action was taken by any other
member of the 2008 MC to move for the revocation of the Indemnity Resolution.
Furthermore, a single member’s opposition to the Indemnity Resolution would
have made no difference to the Indemnity Resolution being passed.

Were the 2008 MC members deceived?

145 The Club made the further point that the Plaintiff and Eric Ng had
procured the passing of the Indemnity Resolution through sharp practice and
unconscionable conduct. In this regard, however, the Club’s case remained
premised upon the 2008 MC having passed the Indemnity Resolution on a mistaken
basis. The Club did not rely on a free-standing doctrine of unconscionability,
which in any event, I note it did not plead. As the Club has failed to prove
that the non-disclosures were material to the passing of the Indemnity
Resolution, the Club’s arguments based on unconscionability similarly have no
traction. Nevertheless, I make the following brief observations.

146 First, the Club relied on the question posed by Theresa Kay during the 14
January 2009 MC Meeting to argue that Eric Ng and the Plaintiff had
misrepresented to the other 2008 MC members that there were no exclusions
applicable to Suit 33 under the Club’s insurance policy:

Theresa Kay: |  Chairman, can I just confirm? The -- I think we renewed the policy this year, right, I think there’s some exclusion for some of the MC, right?  
---|---  
Eric Ng: |  No, there is not.  
… |   
Theresa Kay: |  All are covered?  
Eric Ng: |  Yes, yes.  
… |   
Eric Ng: |  All MC are covered. Why I said that – there’s no exclusion.  
[The Plaintiff]: |  It was agreed that those who are involved in the Suit against the Club in the last one, if they take out the suit again, then it’s not covered.  
  
  

147 I do not think that the Plaintiff and Eric Ng were trying to give the
impression that the insurance policy would cover every situation, including a
defamation claim by former MC members (as was the case in Suit 33). Such a
reading takes the evidence out of context. Theresa Kay was referring to the
‘Specific Matters Exclusion’ clause in the insurance policy where defamation
claims brought by members _specifically named_ in the clause against the Club
were excluded from any insurance coverage. The Plaintiff in response clarified
that if those same persons sued the Club again, the Club would not be covered
by the insurance policy. This was corroborated by Eric Ng’s testimony at
trial.

148 Second, the Club argued that the Plaintiff told the 2008 MC that the
Insured v Insured Exclusion applied only in a situation where a current MC
member commenced proceedings against another. In this regard, they relied on
the Plaintiff’s statement during the 17 February 2009 MC Meeting that the
insurance policy “does not cover MC members versus MC members… that means you
versus me is not covered”. The Club argued that this was a misrepresentation
as the Insured v Insured Exclusion also extended to claims brought by past MC
members. I am unable to accept the Club’s submission, which I note, was
actually Gary Oon’s interpretation of what the Plaintiff had said. The
Plaintiff’s actual words do not seem to me to bear such a meaning.

149 Third, the Club argued that Michael Ngu thought that one of the reasons
why the 2008 MC passed the Indemnity Resolution was because there was
insurance coverage in respect of Suit 33 and the Club would therefore not be
exposed to excessive costs and/or damages. The Club sought to rely on Michael
Ngu’s affidavit (but filed on the Plaintiff’s behalf) in OS 309, where he
said:

Our view was that funding the defamation suit was not harmful to the interests
of the Club. This is because [Eric Ng] explained to the MC at the MC meeting
that the Club had purchased directors and officers insurance to cover the MC,
its executive staff and sub-committee members. It was noted that the Club
should still be responsible even if such insurance was unavailable.

150 I do not agree with the Club’s interpretation of Michael Ngu’s affidavit.
While Michael Ngu did say that the Club had purchased an insurance policy, he
had added that the Club would still be responsible even if such insurance was
unavailable. I do not think that the words here mean that the 2008 MC were
under the impression that the Club would only be paying the excess over and
above what the insurance policy was covering. The last sentence of the quote
speaks for itself. I therefore do not accept the Club’s interpretation.

151 Fourth, the Club argued that the Plaintiff gave the impression that the
Club was only exposed to liability for $50,000, which was the deductible under
the insurance policy. I accept that the Plaintiff did mention that there was a
$50,000 deductible at the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting. However, the Plaintiff’s
comment must be read in context of the discussion. First, it should be noted
that the issue of the deductible was raised in relation to Ashok Sharma’s
query as to whether the MC could (by passing the Indemnity Resolution) exceed
the indemnity provided by the insurance policy. Immediately after the issue of
the deductible was raised, there was the following exchange:

[The Plaintiff]: |  Yah, so what [Eric Ng] says is that even the 50,000, the Club has to bear it.  
---|---  
Ashok Sharma: |  I agree, but because you are doing it in the execution of your official duties –  
… |   
Ashok Sharma: |  Even if there was no D&O for a fee, the Club is liable to protect you for any defamation suit that are [sic] brought against you in the execution of your duty.  
… |   
Eric Ng: |  Yah… you know, we make it very clear, that this MC recognises the fact, so that, you know, we all know that if the next time or anyone gets sued, you know that you are protected by the Club. That’s what this is, this Club gives reaffirmation in, that’s all.  
  
  

It is clear from the above exchange that the Plaintiff was only saying that
the Club would still have to pay $50,000 even if the insurance policy applied.
His statement did not go so far as to imply that this was the only payment
that the Club would be responsible for. On the contrary, it is clear from the
exchange that followed that the Club remained liable to indemnify MC members
even where no insurance coverage was available.

152 Fifth, the Club alleged that the Plaintiff had decided to conceal the
Insured v Insured Exclusion after seeking legal advice on it. At this
juncture, I think it apposite to set out the chain of events that followed the
Club’s receipt of the insurer’s letter on 13 January 2009, which stated that
the insurance policy would not cover Suit 33 (see [25] above). On the same day
but prior to the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting, the Plaintiff sought advice on
this issue from Legal Solutions LLC, a law firm on the Club’s panel of
lawyers. Legal Solutions LLC replied on the following day, opining that the
Insured v Insured Exclusion would apply to Suit 33. On 17 January 2009, BB
Khoo replied to Acclaim (the insurance broker), copying the Plaintiff, Eric Ng
and other persons, stating that the Club did not agree with the insurer’s
interpretation of the Insured v Insured Exclusion and would seek a legal
opinion on the correct interpretation. On 18 January 2009, the Plaintiff
replied to Legal Solutions LLC stating that the Club had taken the view that
the insurance policy would cover Suit 33 and that the Club looked to Legal
Solutions LLC “to obtain the insurer[’s] concurrence of the same”.

153 Essentially, the Club’s argument is that because the Plaintiff had
disagreed with Legal Solutions LLC, the insurer and Acclaim on the
interpretation of the Insured v Insured Exclusion, this was consistent with
his alleged intention to conceal the lack of insurance coverage from the other
2008 MC members. I do not see how the Club’s argument advances its case. As
noted above, the Club’s case on the issue of mistake turns, _primarily_ , on
whether the non-disclosure of the Insured v Insured Exclusion was material to
the passing of the Indemnity Resolution and not on the Plaintiff’s motivations
in failing to disclose the Insured v Insured Exclusion at the 14 January 2009
MC Meeting.

154 As mentioned earlier, the discussion during this MC meeting was focused on
the role of the Indemnity Resolution in affirming the Club’s policy to
indemnify MC members for liabilities arising in connection with the
performance of their duties and responsibilities as office bearers. The scope
of the insurance coverage therefore carried less significance. Further, I note
that at no time did Eric Ng or the Plaintiff represent that the insurance
policy would cover each and every action of MC members. On the contrary, they
were concerned with emphasising that the Club should cover all MC members
regardless of whether the insurance policy similarly did so.

_Conclusion_

155 In the circumstances, I find that the non-disclosures were not material to
the passing of the Indemnity Resolution. There is therefore no basis for me to
find that the Indemnity Resolution is void or voidable on the basis of
fundamental mistake or unconscionability.

Whether the Indemnity Resolution is voidable for breach of fiduciary duties

156 I come to consider the Club’s next ground for the recovery of payments
made pursuant to the Indemnity Resolution. This is that the Indemnity
Resolution is voidable for various breaches of fiduciary duties by the
Plaintiff and the other 2008 MC members. To recapitulate, the Club’s
submissions on the point are as follows:

(a) the Plaintiff breached his fiduciary duties, as well as Rule 31 of the
Club’s Rules, by participating in the discussion on the Indemnity Resolution
at the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting, when he had a vested interest in the
Indemnity Resolution;

(b) the Indemnity Resolution was passed to cover the Plaintiff’s liabilities
in Suit 33. The Plaintiff’s “cronies” also had a vested interest in the
Indemnity Resolution because there was a real risk of them being implicated in
Suit 33. Hence, the 2008 MC passed the Indemnity Resolution in the Plaintiff’s
interests, as well as their own interests, and not in the Club’s interests;

(c) the 2011 MC re-affirmed the Indemnity Resolution in self-interest and not
the Club’s interest; and

(d) the Plaintiff breached his fiduciary duties by procuring payments of his
legal costs when he knew he was not covered by the Indemnity Resolution
because of his own malice.

157 This is an opportune juncture to reiterate my earlier observation (at
[88]–[89] above) that it is not evident from the Club’s Defence and
Counterclaim that the breaches of fiduciary duties it now alleges were a
central plank of its case, as they now appear to be in closing submissions. In
particular, it is not apparent from the Club’s pleadings that the Club was
relying on the alleged breaches of fiduciary duties as a basis for
invalidating the Indemnity Resolution, and the payments made pursuant to it,
if at all. Be that as it may, I will consider each of the Club’s arguments in
turn and deal with specific issues relating to the Club’s pleadings where they
arise.

The Plaintiff’s participation in the discussion on the Indemnity Resolution

158 The Club’s pleadings made absolutely no mention of the allegation that the
Plaintiff had breached his fiduciary duties and Rule 31 of the Club’s Rules by
participating in the discussion on the Indemnity Resolution. The material part
of Rule 31 reads as follows:

The President, Vice-President or any member elected as Chairman of a meeting
of general members, Management Committee, Sub-Committee, Ad Hoc Committee,
shall not preside over the discussions, participate or vote on any resolution
of which he is personally involved in any way whatsoever.

159 In this regard, Mr Seah had objected to Mr Tan leading evidence on this
point at trial as a basis for invalidating the Indemnity Resolution. In
response, Mr Tan indicated that he was not relying on the point to challenge
the validity of the Indemnity Resolution but rather, he was relying on it to
establish a conspiracy between the 2008 MC members to pass the Indemnity
Resolution. It is therefore surprising that the Club has taken the point in
closing submissions in the manner which it has. In my view, the Club is
precluded from doing so.

The 2008 MC’s vested interest in the Indemnity Resolution

160 In its Defence and Counterclaim, the Club pleaded that the 2008 MC were in
a position of conflict of interest when they passed the Indemnity Resolution.
This was because they had all been present at the 2008 MC meetings where the
Plaintiff had made the defamatory statements and may therefore be seen as
having indirectly endorsed the statements. Furthermore, the 2008 MC was also
involved in the subsequent investigations into the new water system purchased
by the 2007 MC which formed the basis of the Plaintiff’s defence of
justification in Suit 33.

161 In closing submissions, on the other hand, the Club submitted that the
Plaintiff and his “cronies” had passed the Indemnity Resolution in the
Plaintiff’s interests, as well as their own interests, and not in the Club’s
interests.

162 It seems to me that the Club’s closing submissions represent a deviation
from its pleaded case. The Club’s pleaded case appeared to be premised upon
the 2008 MC being in a potential conflict of interest position when they
passed the Indemnity Resolution because they each stood to personally benefit
from it. The Club did not plead that the members of the 2008 MC had actually
preferred their own interests, or the Plaintiff’s interests, over those of the
Club when they passed the Indemnity Resolution. If they had, the Club did not
identify which members had done so in its pleaded case.

163 In any event, I am not satisfied that the Club has discharged its burden
of proving that the 2008 MC had passed the Indemnity Resolution in self-
interest or in the Plaintiff’s interest. In this regard, it is striking that
the Club’s own witness, Gary Oon gave the following evidence in his affidavit
of evidence in chief (“AEIC”) as to the 2008 MC’s motivations in passing the
Indemnity Resolution:

21.I recall [Eric Ng] explaining to the MC members that the nature of Suit 33
was effectively against Freddie’s office, as he was exercising his duties and
responsibilities as an MC member. Therefore, at that time during the
discussion, the MC members were working under the assumption that the
Defamatory Statements were made in the proper discharge of Freddie’s duties as
President of the Club and Chairman of the MC meeting.

22.In my mind, the Indemnity Resolution was thus to protect MC members when
properly discharging their duties and responsibilities as an MC member. In
stating that the Club should defend an MC member being sued for executing his
duties and responsibilities as an MC member, [Eric Ng] also stated that this
was different if an MC member was being sued for a personal reason.

This is far removed from the Club’s allegations in closing submissions that
the 2008 MC had passed the Indemnity Resolution in bad faith to advance the
Plaintiff’s interests as well as their own interests.

164 Further, I note again that seven of the 12 members of the 2008 MC were not
called as witnesses in these proceedings. Without their evidence, I am in no
position to decide what were their motivations in passing the Indemnity
Resolution. This effectively leaves the Club’s case hanging on its case theory
in closing submissions that certain members of the 2008 MC were the
Plaintiff’s cronies, and together with the Plaintiff, they had intimidated and
hoodwinked the remaining 2008 MC members into passing the Indemnity
Resolution. As I found above (at [90]–[102]), this case theory does not hold
water.

165 I am mindful, however, that even if the 2008 MC did not actually prefer
their own interests or the Plaintiff’s interests over the Club’s interests
when they passed the Indemnity Resolution, they may nevertheless have been in
a position of conflict of interest because they each stood to benefit from the
Indemnity Resolution (see in this regard, the discussion at [172]–[173]
below). I raised this issue with the parties during the course of oral
submissions on 21 July 2014 and I invited parties to file further submissions
on this narrow point. Both parties did so.

166 In these further submissions, Mr Seah conceded that as fiduciaries, the
2008 MC members owed a duty to the Club not to put themselves in a position
where their interest _might_ conflict with those of the Club. However, Mr Seah
said that it does not follow that the Indemnity Resolution should be voidable
at the Club’s instance. Mr Seah submitted that the passing of the Indemnity
Resolution was analogous to the MC deciding to purchase a directors and
officers liability policy for the Club in order to cover liabilities that had
been incurred by the MC in the discharge of their duties and responsibilities.
In both cases, the MC members would be in a potential conflict of interest
position as they stood to benefit from the expenditure of Club funds. Mr Seah
pointed out that it had always been the Club’s practice to authorise the MC to
purchase insurance to cover the liabilities of office bearers. According to Mr
Seah, the Club’s practice in this regard would similarly apply to the MC
passing a resolution which permitted Club funds to be used to defend MC
members who were sued for acts done in the discharge of their duty.

167 Mr Tan likewise agreed that no conflict of interest would ordinarily arise
if the MC passed a resolution indemnifying MC members acting in the proper
discharge of their duties. However, Mr Tan submitted that the present case was
different because the entire 2008 MC might have been implicated in the
Plaintiff’s defamation of the Suit 33 Plaintiffs. In _that_ sense, Mr Tan said
that the 2008 MC stood to benefit from the Indemnity Resolution and a conflict
of interest did arise.

168 With respect, I am unable to agree with either party’s submissions. To
begin with, I do not follow Mr Seah’s analogy between the MC passing the
Indemnity Resolution and the MC purchasing insurance. In the case of
insurance, the Club’s liability would be clearly defined and limited.
Conversely, the Indemnity Resolution entailed the possibility of the Club
being liable to pay the legal costs and damages of its office bearers without
limitation. In my view, the Club’s past practice of authorising the MC to
purchase insurance for MC members using Club funds cannot be construed as
similarly giving the MC the authority to pass the Indemnity Resolution.

169 At the same time, I do not agree with the distinction which Mr Tan
purports to draw in his submissions. In my view, both factual scenarios
posited by Mr Tan would involve a potential conflict of interest. The
difference is one of degree. In this regard, it should be noted that the rule
prohibiting conflicts of interest is an inflexible one; the rule prohibits
both actual and potential conflicts of interest. If the fiduciary wishes to
avoid being liable to his principal, he must obtain his principal’s fully
informed consent.

170 This aspect of the prohibition against a fiduciary placing himself in a
position of conflict of interest is apparent from _George Bray v John
Rawlinson Ford_ [1896] AC 44 where Lord Herschell stated (at 51):

It is an inflexible rule of a Court of Equity that a person in a fiduciary
position, such as the respondent’s, is not, unless otherwise expressly
provided, entitled to make a profit; he is not allowed to put himself in a
position where his interest and duty conflict. It does not appear to me that
this rule is, as has been said, founded upon principles of morality. I regard
it rather as based on the consideration that, human nature being what it is,
_there is danger, in such circumstances, of the person holding a fiduciary
position being swayed by interest rather than by duty, and thus prejudicing
those whom he was bound to protect_. It has therefore been deemed expedient to
lay down this positive rule. [emphasis added]

171 The following passage in Nicholas Briggs _et al_ , _Modern Law of
Meetings_ (Jordans, 3rd Ed, 2013), in respect of a director’s duty to the
company (but equally applicable to the present situation) also highlights the
strictness of the prohibition (at para 12.83):

Directors stand in a fiduciary relation to the company, and under the general
rules relating to such a relationship a director cannot (in absence of express
provisions in the articles) have a personal interest, whether director or
indirect, in any actual or proposed transaction or arrangement to be entered
into by the company without the sanction of the company in general meeting or
under some dispensation in the articles. So a director is precluded from
dealing on behalf of the company with himself, and from entering into any
engagement in which he has a personal interest that conflicts (_or may
possibly conflict_) with the interest of the company unless certain conditions
are satisfied. [emphasis added]

172 In the course of further submissions, Mr Seah referred to _Goh Kim Hai
Edward_ where Judith Prakash J observed (at [114]):

… The purpose of a director’s action must be to benefit the company and not
any particular individual. If the action does benefit both the company and an
individual, the action is not a breach of duty as long as the considerations
which led to its enactment were chiefly considerations of the interests of the
company. If, however, the main consideration is benefiting the individual,
then the action is taken for an improper purpose.

Mr Seah argued that the 2008 MC’s chief consideration in passing the Indemnity
Resolution was to protect office bearers acting in the discharge of their
duties, so as to encourage people to serve on the MC. The 2008 MC members
therefore did not breach their fiduciary duties in passing the Indemnity
Resolution.

173 Even if I were to accept Mr Seah’s assertion as to the 2008 MC’s
motivations in passing the Indemnity Resolution, the above cited passage in
_Goh Kim Hai Edward_ does not assist his case. There, Prakash J was discussing
a director’s (or more generally, a fiduciary’s) duty to act honestly, in the
company’s best interest and for a proper purpose. Although there is some
overlap between this duty and a director’s duty to avoid conflicts of
interest, it is important to remain cognisant of the differences between the
two. On this point, the following passage in _Walter Woon on Company Law_ at
para 8.39 is instructive:

[The rule prohibiting conflicts of interest] is related to the rule that a
director must act in the interest of the company. _The two often overlap, for
when a director makes his interests paramount, invariably he will not be
acting in the best interests of his company_. For practical purposes, the rule
can be simply stated: unless he has provided full disclosure and obtained the
informed consent of the company, a director who acquires a benefit in
connection with his office is accountable to the company for that benefit.
[emphasis added]

From this it is evident that whilst a fiduciary who actually prefers his self-
interests will not be acting in his principal’s interests, it is not the case
that a fiduciary who acts in his principal’s interests will never be in a
conflict of interest position. The prohibition against conflicts of interest
(real or otherwise) seeks to protect against the danger (or possibility) of
fiduciaries being swayed by self-interest. It need not also be established
that the fiduciary had _actually_ preferred his own interests over those of
his principal.

174 I am therefore of the view that the 2008 MC was in a position of conflict
of interest when they passed the Indemnity Resolution because they each stood
to benefit from the Indemnity Resolution. There was also nothing in the Club’s
Rules permitting the 2008 MC to pass the Indemnity Resolution, such as might
have signified the members’ consent to the 2008 MC passing such a resolution.
In the circumstances, both principle and prudence required the Indemnity
Resolution to be put before a general meeting of the Club’s members, for
approval by the members, or ratified by them, after it was passed by the 2008
MC.

175 In my judgment, however, it does not follow that the Indemnity Resolution
should be voidable at the Club’s instance on this ground based on conflict of
interest because I find that the Club had impliedly affirmed the Indemnity
Resolution through its inaction over the intervening years. In this regard,
the following facts (which have been narrated in greater detail at [29]–[43]
above) merit mention:

(a) The minutes of the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting, which set out the Indemnity
Resolution, were posted on the Club’s notice board for dissemination to all
Club members.

(b) On 22 April 2009, a member of the Club, Poh Pai Chin, filed OS 469 against
the Club to challenge the validity of the Indemnity Resolution.

(c) The Indemnity Resolution and OS 469 came up for discussion by the members
during the 2009 AGM. During the 2009 AGM, the Plaintiff informed the Club’s
members that it was always the Club’s practice and policy to use Club funds to
defend its MC members if they were sued in the course of discharging their
duties as office bearers.

(d) The Indemnity Resolution was again discussed by the Club members during
the 2010 AGM. This arose from a request by two members for a breakdown of an
item in the Club’s audited accounts for the financial year ending 31 January
2010 which showed that $508,000 had been spent on legal and professional fees.
During the 2010 AGM, Tan Wee Tin explained to the members that: (a) a further
$350,000 had been set aside for Suit 33 in the Club’s budget for the year
ending 31 January 2011; (b) in the event that the Club lost, the Club would
have to bear the total costs and damages itself because it was not covered by
insurance; (c) the total costs of the Plaintiff’s defence would be difficult
to predict. After this discussion, the Club’s members confirmed and adopted
the audited accounts for the year ending 31 January 2010 without objections.

(e) In the Club’s 2010/2011 Annual Report, Tan Wee Tin updated the members on
the legal costs the Club had incurred in respect of Suit 33. It was noted that
the Plaintiff’s defence in Suit 33 had cost the Club $920,370 up to 31 January
2011. The Club’s audited accounts which were exhibited in the Annual Report
indicated that the Club had spent $551,000 on legal and professional fees
during that year. The Club’s members confirmed and adopted the audited
accounts for the financial year ending 31 January 2011 at the 2011 AGM without
objections.

There was no merit in the Club’s allegation that payments of the Plaintiff’s
legal costs were surreptitiously hidden under the item “office administration”
in the Club’s audited accounts. Jennifer Wee testified in cross-examination
that this was always Club practice. Further, and in any event, this did not
prevent two members from asking for a breakdown of the expenditure during the
2010 AGM.

176 The nature of the EOGM Resolutions also bears discussion here. To
recapitulate, the EOGM Resolutions were as follows:

(a) that the Club seeks return from the Plaintiff of all monies paid by the
Club including legal costs and expenses arising out of or in connection with
Suit 33 and the Suit 33 Appeals;

(b) that no Club funds be authorised to pay for the legal costs, expenses
and/or damages arising out of or in connection with Suit 33 and the Suit 33
Appeals; and

(c) that the members have no confidence in the Plaintiff as the Club’s
President.

177 Notably, the EOGM Resolutions did not purport to revoke the Indemnity
Resolution, even though it may have been obvious to the Club’s members that
the Plaintiff and the rest of the 2008 MC were in a conflict of interest
position when they passed the Indemnity Resolution. Indeed, during the EOGM, a
member of the Club, Chew Swee Leng, expressed doubts about the validity of the
Indemnity Resolution because he regarded the Indemnity Resolution as having
been passed by the 2008 MC in self-interest. The minutes of the EOGM record
Chew Swee Leng as saying that “it was common sense that [the 2008 MC members]
are disqualified from voting the same resolution where they have an interest”.

178 In cross-examination, Chua Hoe Sing, the Club’s current President, also
agreed that the Indemnity Resolution _remained valid_ notwithstanding the EOGM
Resolutions, provided there was a proper discharge of duty by the MC member
concerned. This is consistent with the Club’s pleaded case that the
Plaintiff’s malice in defaming the Suit 33 Plaintiffs took him outside the
scope of the Indemnity Resolution and that the Club had paid his legal costs
under a mistake.

179 I note that on re-examination, Chua Hoe Sing sought to backtrack from his
earlier position by claiming that the Indemnity Resolution was invalid because
the Plaintiff had failed to disclose the Insured v Insured Exclusion. When I
gave him the opportunity to clarify the apparent inconsistency in his
evidence, his explanation was as follows:

COURT: |  But is it your position or is it not your position that the indemnity resolution applies to this day.  
---|---  
A: |  Oh, I mean, if, based on all these documentation, because there were nondisclosure on the exclusion, exclusion clauses. So when MC agree on this indemnity resolution, they’re not fully aware of all this exclusion -- exclusion terms. So in that respect, I think that the resolution is not valid.  
COURT: |  No. If you, in your proper exercise of your duties as president, were to be sued today, will you rely on the indemnity resolution?  
A: |  Sorry, if in my capacity I’ve been sued --  
COURT: |  Yes.  
A: |  \--will I rely on the indemnity resolution?  
COURT: |  Yes.  
A: |  But as I said, _if that exclusion clause, insurance coverage everything is very, very clear, yes, I will rely on it, as a proper discharge of my duty_.  
  
  

[emphasis added]

I do not find Chua Hoe Sing’s explanation to be satisfactory. In my view, Chua
Hoe Sing was shaping his evidence in re-examination to re-align it with the
Club’s case at trial.

180 It seems to me that by the 2010 AGM at the very latest, the Club’s
members:

(a) knew of the Indemnity Resolution;

(b) knew that the Indemnity Resolution had been passed by the 2008 MC in
circumstances where they stood to benefit from it;

(c) knew that Suit 33 was excluded from the Club’s insurance coverage; and

(d) knew that the Club’s funds were being used to pay the Plaintiff’s legal
costs in Suit 33.

Despite this knowledge, the members _took no steps_ to revoke the Indemnity
Resolution on the ground of conflict of interest although they undoubtedly had
the right to do so. In my judgment, the Club’s members had impliedly affirmed
the Indemnity Resolution even if the circumstances were such that the 2008 MC
was in a position of conflict of interest when the Indemnity Resolution was
passed. I therefore hold that the Club is precluded from now asserting that
the Indemnity Resolution should be rescinded on the ground of conflict of
interest.

181 In this regard, I find the decision of the English Court of Appeal in _Re
Conveyances Dated 13th June 1933, 17th August 1933 and 2nd September 1950;
Abbatt v Treasury Solicitor and Others_ [1969] 3 All ER 1175 (“ _Abbatt_ ”) to
be instructive. In _Abatt_ , the club’s rules did not contain a power to amend
or change the rules. Over the years, the club purchased several pieces of land
which were held for the members by trustees. Subsequently, the club changed
its name and adopted a new set of rules. The new rules were sent to all the
then members and no one objected to the new set of rules. The club carried on
in the same way although its membership widened. Some years later, the
trustees sought to sell a portion of the land which they held on trust for the
club and an issue arose as to title, _ie_ , whether the property held on trust
belonged only to the then members of the club prior to its name change and the
adoption of a new set of rules or whether it belonged to the new members of
the club. The trial judge held that the property belonged to the old members
because there had been a fundamental change in the club’s constitution and the
new club was a different entity from the old one.

182 In overturning the trial judge’s decision on the issue, Lord Denning MR
held (at 1177):

In the second place, the association of persons who formed the club was the
same immediately after the change as it was before. It was the same
unincorporated, indeterminate, loose association of people who enjoyed the
benefits of the club in the same way. It took to itself a different name and
dressed itself up in different clothes. But, flesh and bones, it was the same
body. Soon afterwards it put on weight. It expanded its membership. But all of
them, new members and old, continued it as before, living the same life. The
property was held for the benefit of the new members just as much as the old.
There was no fundamental change. It is true that the old rules contained no
express power to amend or alter them. But I should have thought it was implied
that the members could, on notice, by a simple majority in general meeting,
amend or alter the rules. **_In any event, however, if at such a meeting a
majority purport to amend or alter the rules, and the others take no objection
to it—but instead by their conduct acquiesce in the change_** —then those
rules become binding on all. It is like partners who by conduct acquiesce in a
change of their partnership deed…or shareholders who by their conduct assent
to an act done by the directors beyond their powers... **_It may be impossible
to show that every member of the club knew of the change of rules, but that
does not matter_**. As Brett J said in [_Phosphate of Lime Co. v. Green_
(1871), LR 7 CP at 63]:

"**_It is sufficient to shew the facts were made known to the shareholders,
into the effect of which they might and ought to have inquired, and to which
they ought to have objected at the time, unless they intended to adopt the
transaction_**."

In this case the **_new rules were sent round to all the members of the
British Legion club. If any of them wished to object, they ought to have
objected then. No one did. No one has objected from that time to this. No one
objects now_**. In those circumstances there has been quite clearly assent by
all the members to the change. I hold that the title to these properties is
validly vested in the trustees as named in the present deed of trust, not in
trust for the old British Legion members of 1954, but in trust for all the
present members of the Old Castle Club of Ludgershall. I think the judge was
in error. I would allow the appeal accordingly.

[footnotes omitted and emphasis added in bold italics]

183 Applying the above reasoning to the present case, even if the 2008 MC was
in a conflict of interest position when they passed the Indemnity Resolution,
I find that the members of the Club had nevertheless affirmed the Indemnity
Resolution through their subsequent inaction.

The re-affirmations of the Indemnity Resolution after the CA Judgment

184 In closing submissions, Mr Tan submitted that the 2011 MC had breached
their fiduciary duties to the Club when they re-affirmed the Indemnity
Resolution at three separate MC meetings after the Court of Appeal delivered
its judgment in Suit 33 (see [46] – [51] above). Given the Court of Appeal’s
finding that the entire 2008 MC was determined to embark on a “witch-hunt”
against the Suit 33 Plaintiffs, Mr Tan argued that the risk of the 2008 MC
being implicated became more real. Accordingly, the 2011 MC had re-affirmed
the Indemnity Resolution in self-interest and not the Club’s interest.

185 In my view, there are three main difficulties with Mr Tan’s submissions:

(a) The Club did not plead that the _2011 MC members_ had breached their
fiduciary duties by re-affirming the Indemnity Resolution.

(b) Without the evidence of the other members of the 2011 MC, it is difficult,
if not impossible, for the Club to prove the 2011 MC’s intention in re-
affirming the Indemnity Resolution.

(c) I go back to several points I had made earlier in relation to the 2011 MC
(see [93] above). These relate to the fact that the composition of the 2008 MC
was different from the composition of the 2011 MC; five of the 11 members of
the 2011 MC were not members of the 2008 MC. These five members had no fear of
being implicated in Suit 33. Yet, they had voted in favour of re-affirming the
Indemnity Resolution. In this regard, the Club’s assertion that the five new
members of the 2011 MC had a vested interest in protecting the Plaintiff and
the rest of the 2008 MC because of their close relationships with the 2008 MC
members who had nominated them is a bare assertion that was not proven by any
evidence.

186 Therefore, even if the Club is permitted to rely on these unpleaded
matters, which I find that it is not, the Club has not, in my view, discharged
its burden of proving that the 2011 MC had re-affirmed the Indemnity
Resolution in self-interest. In the circumstances, the Club’s contentions on
this issue must fail.

The Plaintiff’s breach in procuring payment of his legal costs

187 This brings me to the Club’s contention that the Plaintiff had procured
payment of his legal costs in breach of his fiduciary duties to the Club. In
this regard, the breach was said to lie in the fact that the Plaintiff had
procured the payments knowing that they did not fall within the scope of the
Indemnity Resolution because of his own malice.

188 To prove its claim, the Club primarily relied on Jennifer Wee’s evidence.
Jennifer Wee deposed in her AEIC that under the Club’s FOM, the Club’s
President and Honorary Treasurer were responsible for supervising the day to
day financial management of the Club. She said that when payments for the
Plaintiff’s legal costs were to be made, the Plaintiff would provide her with
the relevant invoice, together with “instructions” that payment be made. She
would then prepare the necessary payment voucher and cheque or cashier’s order
for Tan Wee Tin’s approval as Honorary Treasurer. She claimed that she had
acted without further instructions from Tan Wee Tin because he was already
copied on the Plaintiff’s emails to her. She also claimed that none of the
payments made in this manner were questioned by Tan Wee Tin. Jennifer Wee’s
AEIC therefore gave the impression that the decision to make payments of the
Plaintiff’s legal costs was effectively made by the Plaintiff himself.
However, the evidence in Jennifer Wee’s AEIC did not cohere with the evidence
which emerged at trial.

189 First, it is apposite to briefly set out the procedure for payments made
by the Club. For payments made before 12 April 2011, cl 4.3.2 of the Club’s
previous FOM provided that:

4.3.2All cheques shall be signed by the General Manager or in his absence, the
Head of Finance and countersigned by the Hon. Treasurer or in his absence, the
President, or in his absence, the Vice-President.

For payments made on or after 12 April 2011, cl 4.3.2 of the Club’s revised
FOM provides:

4.3.2All cheques shall be jointly signed in accordance to the bank mandate of
one signature each from [the Club’s Manager and Financial Controller] and one
signature from [the Club President, Vice-President, Honorary Treasurer or one
specified MC member].

It is not disputed that the Plaintiff did not sign the cheques for payment of
his legal costs; the cheques were signed by Jennifer Wee and Tan Wee Tin
instead. Hence, it is clear that the Plaintiff did not have _de jure_ control
over payment of his legal costs.

190 The evidence also does not support the inference that the Plaintiff
nonetheless retained or exercised some form of _de facto_ control over the
decision to pay his legal costs. In this regard, Jennifer Wee suggested in her
AEIC that the Plaintiff had instructed her to make the payments in emails he
sent to her. However, a plain reading of the language used in the Plaintiff’s
emails contradicts Jennifer Wee’s assertions. For example:

(a) On 16 July 2009, the Plaintiff sent Jennifer Wee an email attaching an
invoice from D&N which said “Dear [J]ennifer, Attached is the invoice from
[D&N] for you to follow up”.

(b) On 27 March 2010, the Plaintiff sent Jennifer Wee an email regarding the
payment of the fees of his expert witness in Suit 33 which said, “Dear
Jennifer, Please get the approval to pay Mr Yeo for his expert services in
regards to the suit S33/2009”.

(c) On 8 July 2010, the Plaintiff forwarded to Jennifer Wee an email from D&N,
regarding a payment due to the Suit 33 Plaintiffs, and said, “Dear Jennifer,
The enclosed email is self-explanatory. Please do the necessary and advise D&N
accordingly”.

(d) On 25 August 2010, the Plaintiff again forwarded to Jennifer Wee an email
from D&N regarding the payment of D&N’s fees and said, “Dear Jennifer, Please
take note”.

(e) On 25 November 2010, the Plaintiff sent an email to Tan Wee Tin which
said, “Dear Wee Tin,…The MC have agreed (with the exception of TJ) who is out
of town, that I instruct [D&N] to proceed with filing of the Notice of Appeal
as advised by them in the Email below. Please arrange for the security deposit
of $20,000 to be remitted to [D&N] ASAP”.

(f) On 5 January 2012, the Plaintiff forwarded to Jennifer Wee, an email from
D&N regarding the payment of D&N’s fees and said “Please action”.

(g) On 16 January 2012, the Plaintiff forwarded to Jennifer Wee an email from
D&N regarding the payment of D&N’s fees, and said “Fyi and follow up please”.

(h) On 26 January 2012, the Plaintiff forwarded a copy of Bajwa & Co’s bill to
Jennifer Wee and said “Pse do e necessary”.

191 I do not see how the Plaintiff’s emails to Jennifer Wee can be construed
as the Plaintiff instructing or approving payments of his legal costs.
Instead, they support the Plaintiff’s position that he was only forwarding
invoices to Jennifer Wee requesting her further action. Jennifer Wee agreed
with this proposition when it was put to her in cross-examination:

Q:I’m going to put something to you, Ms Wee, and you can agree or disagree.
I’m going to put to you that it is not quite accurate to say that Freddie Koh
gave you express instructions to make payments to his lawyers. Agree or
disagree?

A: _Express as in writing, because it’s implied or express_. So when email say
“Please do the necessary”, it’s an email, _it’s an email in writing_.

Q:That’s what you mean by express instructions?

A:Yes.

Q:I put to you that in almost all circumstances what he did was actually
simply forward to you an invoice or payment notice to you for your action.

A:Yes, but what other action is other than make payment and booking in the
expenses?

Q:This action included getting a payment voucher done and then getting Mr
Tan’s approval for the payment voucher.

A:Yes.

Q:It involved getting Mr Tan to approve the invoice.

A:Yes.

Q:It also involved Mr Tan countersigning a cheque?

A:Yes.

Q:Or instructions for cashier’s order?

A:Yes.

Q:And again, _you would only have done all of this because there was -- in
your mind -- a standing order that came from the indemnity resolution_.

A: _Yes._

Q:In fact, for most of the payments that I’ve shown you -- let me say “most”
to be very clear -- for quite a few of the payments I’ve shown you, the MC had
actually given express approval, correct?

A:Yes.

[emphasis added in italics]

192 It is also pertinent to note that Jennifer Wee (as well as Tan Wee Tin)
did provide an explanation as to why the Plaintiff did not approve payments
for his own legal costs. They explained that the Plaintiff would have been in
a conflict of interest position if he did so and that this was not permitted
under cl 4.1 of the Club’s FOM (which remained unchanged). Clause 4.1 reads:

4.1No person, whether employee or official of the Club shall approve any
payments of any amount for himself.

193 In my judgment, it is clear on the evidence that both Jennifer Wee and Tan
Wee Tin had relied on the Indemnity Resolution, and not any purported
instructions from the Plaintiff, when approving payments of the Plaintiff’s
legal costs. Moreover, in the following instances, the MC had expressly
discussed and/or approved the payment of specific legal costs:

(a) On 18 August 2010, the 2010 MC approved payment of the sums of $25,613.51,
$100,386.49 and $127,613.03 to D&N for work done.

(b) On 24 November 2010, the 2010 MC approved payment of the sum of $20,000,
being the security deposit for the filing of a notice of appeal in Suit 33.

(c) On 24 August 2011, the 2011 MC approved the payment of the sum of $20,000
to D&N as partial payment for work done. The MC also noted that the Club had
previously paid the sum of $50,000 to D&N as a deposit.

(d) On 28 September 2011, the 2011 MC approved payment of D&N’s bill of
$120,000 without having it taxed.

(e) On 14 December 2011, the 2011 MC decided to appoint Bajwa & Co to act for
the Plaintiff in the taxation of costs in Suit 33, the assessment of damages
in Suit 33 and in a new suit commenced against the Plaintiff by former MC
members of the Club. Pursuant to the 2011 MC’s decision, the Club paid the
sums of $15,000, $30,000 and $6,000 to Bajwa & Co.

(f) On 4 November 2011, the 2011 MC members were asked for their approval for
the amounts of $15,000 and $15,925.88 from the deposit held by D&N to be off-
set against D&N’s bills. Thereafter, there was some discussion between the
2011 MC members as to whether such approval was required for payment of
disbursements.

194 In this regard, I note that Jennifer Wee’s evidence on the issue was
evasive. During cross-examination, she said on several occasions that the
Indemnity Resolution did not constitute a blanket approval for payment. At
other times however, Jennifer Wee agreed that the Indemnity Resolution was, in
her mind, a standing order when she had caused the Club to make payment. In my
view, Jennifer Wee was shaping her evidence to fit the Club’s case whilst
attempting to avoid putting herself in the invidious position of being in
breach of her duties to the Club as its financial controller by blindly
approving payments of the Plaintiff’s legal costs on the basis of the
Plaintiff’s instructions _alone_.

195 In closing submissions, the Club also alleged that Tan Wee Tin had taken a
“back-seat” when it came to making payments of the Plaintiff’s legal costs. Mr
Tan contended that since Tan Wee Tin had not given instructions for payments
to be made, the only other person who could do so was the Plaintiff. Mr Tan
said that the evidence showed that the Plaintiff had in fact done so.

196 In my judgment, the Club’s contentions are untenable. As discussed at
[189]–[194] above, the evidence establishes that the Plaintiff had neither
instructed nor approved the payment of his legal costs. Instead, Jennifer Wee
and Tan Wee Tin had caused the Club to make the payments in reliance on the
Indemnity Resolution, and on some occasions, specific MC approvals.
Furthermore, the Club did not plead or adduce any evidence at trial to prove
that Tan Wee Tin or Jennifer Wee were acting at the Plaintiff’s behest when
they caused payments to be made for the Plaintiff’s legal costs.

197 I should also note that the Club’s pleaded case was that the Plaintiff had
breached his fiduciary duties to the Club in procuring payment of his legal
costs because he knew that he was not covered by the Indemnity Resolution
(because of his malice in making the defamatory statements). It was therefore
incumbent upon the Club to additionally show that the Plaintiff did not
_honestly believe_ that he was entitled to rely on the Indemnity Resolution
when he had “procured” payment of his legal fees. The Club’s closing
submissions were strangely silent on this point.

198 Another important plank of the Club’s case on this issue of the
Plaintiff’s alleged procurement of payment of his legal costs concerns the sum
of $1,021,793.48 which the Club had paid on 14 February 2012 to the Suit 33
Plaintiffs for their costs in Suit 33 and the Suit 33 Appeals. The facts
leading to this payment of $1,021,793.48 were not really disputed at trial.
They have been summarised at [52] above.

199 This payment was made after the Club had received the requisition for the
EOGM on 18 January 2012 but before the EOGM on 4 March 2012. Mr Tan submitted
that the Plaintiff had procured the payment with haste, in a bid to circumvent
the impending EOGM Resolutions. In this regard, the Club contended that the
Plaintiff had instructed Jennifer Wee to make the payment of $1,021,793.48 and
relied in particular on a sentence in the Plaintiff’s email to Jennifer Wee on
13 February 2012 where the Plaintiff said, “we should take the lawyer’s advice
and settle the amounts payable now to avoid accruing interest”.

200 I do not agree with the Club’s contention that this sentence should be
construed as an instruction from the Plaintiff to Jennifer Wee to make
payment. To do so would be to completely ignore a later sentence in the same
email where the Plaintiff added:

“[P]lease consult with the Treasurer on this matter and if payment is to be
made, on booking into which account payment since the payment was due on 31
January 2012, ie in the last financial year”

201 In cross-examination, Jennifer Wee agreed that the Plaintiff was not
giving instructions for payments to be made in this email. Rather, he was
asking her to consult with Tan Wee Tin as to whether the Club wished to pay.
When seen in this light, I do not see how the Club can contend that the
Plaintiff had procured or caused payment of the $1,021,793.48.

202 It is therefore not surprising that the Club’s focus in closing
submissions was Tan Wee Tin’s motivations in having the $1,021,793.48 paid.
During cross-examination, Tan Wee Tin gave three reasons why he had approved
the payment in the face of the impending EOGM:

(a) the Indemnity Resolution conferred authority to make the payment and there
was nothing at the relevant time against it;

(b) interest was running on the Suit 33 Plaintiffs’ demand for costs and he
had relied on Bajwa & Co’s explicit advice in making the payment (see [52(b)]
above); and

(c) the EOGM was an issue of Club politics and it was not clear whether the
proposed EOGM Resolutions would be passed.

203 Mr Tan submitted that each of Tan Wee Tin’s reasons were untenable. In my
judgment, even if this were the case and Tan Wee Tin had breached his
fiduciary duties in approving payment of the $1,021,793.48 (which I note was
not pleaded), this would not have advanced the Club’s pleaded case which was
that _the Plaintiff_ had breached his fiduciary duties to the Club by
procuring payments of his legal costs. I do not see how Tan Wee Tin’s alleged
breach of fiduciary duties to the Club would mean that the Plaintiff had also
breached his fiduciary duties, unless the Club could prove that Tan Wee Tin
was directed by the Plaintiff to make the payment. The Club had clearly not
done so as a matter of evidence. I therefore find the Club’s collateral attack
on Tan Wee Tin’s reasons for approving payment of the $1,021,793.48 to be
irrelevant to the issues at hand.

204 In the circumstances, I find that the Club has not proven its case that
the Plaintiff had breached his fiduciary duties to the Club by procuring
payment of his legal costs.

Conclusion

205 For the reasons stated above, the Club has not established that the
Indemnity Resolution is voidable on the basis of the various breaches of
fiduciary duties which it had alleged.

Mistake

206 It remains for me to consider the Club’s contention that it is entitled to
restitution of sums paid towards the Plaintiff’s legal costs under the law of
unjust enrichment, because it had paid these sums under a mistake as to the
Plaintiff’s entitlement to rely on the Indemnity Resolution.

The law on unjust enrichment

207 Before turning to the parties’ arguments in greater detail, I shall first
consider the principles applying to a claim in unjust enrichment.

208 In _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate
of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another_ [2013] 3 SLR 801 (“ _Anna Wee_ ”), the
Court of Appeal recognised a cause of action in restitution based on the
doctrine of unjust enrichment. The Court of Appeal held (at [98]) that three
elements had to be proven for such a cause of action to be made out:

(a) a benefit or enrichment accruing to the defendant;

(b) the benefit or enrichment must be at the claimant’s expense; and

(c) the defendant’s enrichment must be “unjust”.

Once these three elements are made out, the defendant is _prima facie_ liable
to make restitution unless he can establish one of the recognised defences to
such a claim.

209 As for the requirement that the defendant’s enrichment must be “unjust”,
it should be noted the court does not order restitution based on broad notions
of what is fair or just. Instead, the availability of a restitutionary cause
of action will depend on whether a recognised “unjust factor” at common law
exists on the facts: _Anna Wee_ at [130] and [134]. It is also apposite to
note in this context that the law of unjust enrichment is not premised upon a
defendant’s wrongdoing, but rather, the injustice of depriving a claimant of a
benefit that he has conferred upon the defendant: _Anna Wee_ at [108].

210 To this end, it is not difficult to see why mistake is a recognised unjust
factor: _Anna Wee_ at [132]–[133]; _Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ),
Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2011] 3 SLR
540 at [134]–[138]. As explained in K Mason _et al_ , _Mason & Carter’s
Restitution Law in Australia_ (LexisNexis Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 2008) at para
403:

…The receipt of the money benefits the payee. A mistaken payment is
unofficious, almost by definition. _The destruction of the basis upon which
payment was made, through negating the payee’s intention to pay in light of
the true facts_ , leaves the payee as the unintended recipient of a windfall
whose amount corresponds directly to the countervailing detriment of the
mistaken payer. _The payee’s receipt due to the payer’s mistake makes the
payee’s enrichment unjust_ … [emphasis added]

211 The law permits recovery for both mistakes of fact and mistakes of law. In
this regard, the principles governing the recovery of mistaken payments are
conveniently summarised in Charles Mitchell _et al_ (eds), _Goff & Jones, The
Law on Unjust Enrichment_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2011) at para 9-31 as
follows:

(a) the claimant must prove as a threshold issue that he made a mistake, _ie_
, that he believed the true facts or the true state of the law to be otherwise
that they in fact were;

(b) the claimant’s mistake must have caused him to make the payment to the
defendant, or in other words, the mistake must be a causative one;

(c) even if a causative mistake can be shown, the claimant may be denied
relief if he responded unreasonably to his doubts or unreasonably ran the risk
of error; and

(d) a claimant who had doubts may be denied relief if he has compromised or
settled with the defendant or if he is estopped from pleading the mistake.

212 In relation to the meaning of “mistake”, the High Court of Australia had
also suggested in _David Securities Pty Ltd v Commonwealth Bank of Australia_
(1992) 175 CLR 133 at 369 that a mistake is not confined to a positive belief
in the existence of a state of affairs. Rather, it can include “sheer
ignorance of something relevant to the transaction at hand”.

Application to the present case

213 It will be apparent from the above discussion that the issue of mistake in
the present case turns on the 2008 MC’s intention in passing the Indemnity
Resolution and thereafter, paying the Plaintiff’s legal costs pursuant to the
Indemnity Resolution. It also turns on the 2011 MC’s intention in re-affirming
the Indemnity Resolution on three separate occasions. In particular, the issue
is whether the intention of the 2008 MC, and that of the 2011 MC, to make
payment had been vitiated on the facts of the case.

214 As framed, Mr Tan’s submissions on the issue of mistake entailed the
following set of propositions:

(a) the Indemnity Resolution was only intended to cover claims against MC
members arising from acts done or omitted to be done in the proper discharge
of their duties;

(b) in Suit 33, the Court of Appeal found that the Plaintiff acted with malice
when he made the defamatory statements;

(c) it necessarily followed from the Court of Appeal’s finding of malice that
the Plaintiff had acted outside the scope of his duties when he made the
defamatory statements;

(d) the Plaintiff was therefore not covered by the Indemnity Resolution; and

(e) the Club had made the payments under a mistake.

215 On the evidence, I am unable to agree with Mr Tan’s submissions.

216 As a preliminary point, I should note that seven of the 12 members of the
2008 MC and seven of the 11 members of the 2011 MC were not called as
witnesses in these proceedings. In cross-examination, Chua Hoe Sing also
testified that the Club had not interviewed these MC members as to their
intentions in passing and/or reaffirming the Indemnity Resolution. In my view,
this substantially weakens the Club’s case on the issue of mistake because, as
mentioned at [210] above, recovery of mistaken payments depends on proof that
the _subjective intention_ of the payer has been vitiated.

217 As regards the 2008 MC’s intention in passing the Indemnity Resolution,
both parties made submissions to the effect that the Indemnity Resolution
should be interpreted as if it were a contract. Given my earlier conclusion
(at [75] above) that the Indemnity Resolution is not a contract, I will
briefly comment on this submission. In my view, whilst there are parallels
between the interpretation of a contract and the interpretation of a
resolution, in the sense that both turn on the issue of the parties’ intention
to be determined in the light of the relevant factual matrix, it is important
to be mindful of the following observations in A D Lang, _Horsley’s Meetings_
: _Procedure, Law and Practice_ (LexisNexis Butterworths Australia, 6th Ed,
2010) (at para 11.3):

…Resolutions are for the most part (as their wording often evidences)
formulated on the spur of the moment; **_it is essential therefore to look at
the circumstances in which the resolution or proposition was made if it is to
be given its fair and natural meaning_**. It would, accordingly, be misleading
to rely only on the bare words of a resolution disengaged from the events that
led to, and result from, its being passed and to look for unreason rather than
for reason… [emphasis added in bold italics]

See also _Myer Queenstown Garden Plaza Pty Ltd and Myer Shopping Centres Pty
Ltd v Corporation of the City of Port Adelaide and the Attorney General_
(1975) 11 SASR 504 at 520; _Kenros Nominees Pty Ltd and others v Tipperary
Group Pty Ltd and others_ [2009] VSC 524 at [63].

218 Bearing this in mind, I am not satisfied that the Club has proven that it
had paid the Plaintiff’s legal costs under a causative mistake.

219 First, the Indemnity Resolution was passed against a backdrop which
suggests that the 2008 MC had intended to cover the Plaintiff’s legal costs
and damages in Suit 33. It was not disputed that although the Indemnity
Resolution applied to all MC members, it was precipitated by Suit 33 and D&N’s
requirement that the Club indemnify the Plaintiff for his legal costs before
D&N would act for the Plaintiff.

220 Second, the evidence suggests that the 2008 MC did not intend that the
Plaintiff’s entitlement to an indemnity from the Club was in any way
contingent upon the outcome of Suit 33. Instead, during the 14 January 2009 MC
Meeting, the 2008 MC had grappled with the policy of the Club _defending_ its
MC members. This is reflected in the following statements made by Eric Ng
during the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting:

I’m not using “covered”, I said “** _will be defended by the Club_** ”, okay.
Even if there was no insurance policy, the Club **_will still have to
defend_** , so we are talking about, yah, **_we are talking about the Club
defending the MC_** for -- when they are being sued in the course of executing
their duties and responsibilities.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

221 Likewise, Eric Ng deposed in his AEIC that the MC’s intention in passing
the Indemnity Resolution was to cover the Plaintiff, even if a court
subsequently found that his statements constituted libel or slander. The Club
did not dispute this part of Eric Ng’s evidence in closing submissions.
However, Mr Tan maintained that the Indemnity Resolution did not cover malice
in the sense found by the Court of Appeal in Suit 33 because _this_ would not
have been a proper discharge of duties.

222 In cross-examination, Mr Tan also put to Eric Ng and Loreen Teo that the
Indemnity Resolution was only intended to cover MC members acting in the
proper discharge of their duties. They both agreed with this proposition. Mr
Tan used their concessions as a springboard for his case that the MC members
did not intend for the Indemnity Resolution to cover malice.

223 I do not agree with Mr Tan’s submission because it glosses over other
important aspects of the evidence. The first, as I had just mentioned, is that
the evidence before me suggests that the 2008 MC did not intend that the
Plaintiff’s entitlement to an indemnity from the Club was in any way
contingent upon the outcome of Suit 33.

224 Second, whilst the Indemnity Resolution was passed to cover acts carried
out by MC members in the “discharge of their duties”, the evidence before me
suggests that the 2008 MC had intended the phrase to bear a broad meaning,
rather than the narrow meaning as argued by Mr Tan. The distinction drawn by
the 2008 MC was between acts done in a personal capacity and acts done in the
capacity of an MC member. As Eric Ng said during the 14 January 2009 MC
Meeting:

So now is the – the reason why this is being brought up is to ensure that the
MC knows exactly the position we are in, that _even though we are sued
individually, as an individual, but because you are sued by virtue of your
position here, the Club should cover the cost of defending the MC member_ ,
regardless of who he is.

So I will recommend that the Club should, I think in principle and practice,
always defend an MC member if that member is being sued for executing his duty
and responsibility as MC member. _If you are sued for your own personal
reason, because you called someone a wrong name, that’s too bad. Even though
you are MC member, but you are not sued because you were exercising your duty
as the MC member_.

[emphasis added in italics]

Therefore, the 2008 MC’s decision to defend the Plaintiff in Suit 33 and
indemnify him for his legal costs and liabilities was because he was sued for
statements he had made in his capacity as President of the Club. There was no
suggestion that the 2008 MC had also intended to qualify their decision to
indemnify the Plaintiff by reference to the outcome of Suit 33 and the
findings made therein.

225 Further, both Eric Ng and Loreen Teo testified that the 2008 MC believed
that the Plaintiff was acting in course of his duties when he made the
defamatory statements. In this regard, Eric Ng’s evidence in re-examination is
significant:

Q:Can you tell us, Mr Ng, why after the Court of Appeal has given their
judgment, did you reaffirm the resolution?

A:…The intent of the indemnity resolution is to indemnify the members…And, as
far as we were concerned, the statements were made in the context of a meeting
where he was the chairman, and his job was to summarise the discussion, and,
in the process of the summary, he used the words that were deemed to be
defamatory.

That’s within the context of the meeting. It has been the club’s practice to
put up all minutes on the notice board, to let the members know, that’s an act
of transparency in the club’s management, and that’s where it became
defamatory. So, as far as the MC members were concerned, at the time when the
statement was made, he was doing his job as president of the club. I mean,
notwithstanding the court’s decision, but our view was he was doing his job as
the president of the club when --…

This was Eric Ng’s, and also Loreen Teo’s, explanation as to why the 2011 MC
had re-affirmed the Indemnity Resolution after the Court of Appeal’s judgment
in Suit 33 and why the Club had continued to pay the Plaintiff’s legal costs.
In this regard, the 2011 MC’s decision to re-affirm the Indemnity Resolution
and continue paying the Plaintiff’s legal costs after the CA Judgment was
delivered also goes against the notion that the Club had made previous
payments under a _causative_ mistake.

226 In closing submissions, Mr Tan submitted that the Court of Appeal’s
finding of malice should be determinative of whether the Plaintiff had
properly discharged his duties, and therefore, whether the Plaintiff was
entitled to rely on the Indemnity Resolution. Mr Tan said that the MC members
should not be entitled to substitute their own subjective and erroneous views
for the Court of Appeal’s clear finding of fact. Mr Tan further submitted that
little weight should be given to the 2011 MC’s re-affirmations of the
Indemnity Resolution because they were made in bad faith and motivated by
self-interest.

227 With respect, I do not agree with Mr Tan’s submissions. The Club’s
decision to defend the Plaintiff and cover his legal costs pursuant to the
Indemnity Resolution was a private arrangement between the Club and the
Plaintiff. Before the Court of Appeal delivered its judgment in Suit 33, the
MC was entitled to decide for itself whether the Plaintiff was acting in the
discharge of his duties as an MC member when he made the defamatory
statements. Likewise, after the CA Judgment was delivered, the MC was entitled
to take a view on the Plaintiff’s actions which was different from that of the
Court of Appeal in Suit 33.

228 Furthermore, even if the 2011 MC had re-affirmed the Indemnity Resolution
and continued to pay the Plaintiff’s legal fees in bad faith, it did little to
assist the Club’s case of mistake. If anything, it undermined it.

229 In this regard, I wish to observe that in closing submissions, the Club
shifted away from its pleaded case of mistake and instead alleged various
breaches of fiduciary duties by the Plaintiff and his “cronies”, in the 2008
MC and the 2011 MC, as a basis for invalidating the Indemnity Resolution and
the payments made pursuant to it. In fact, the Club went as far as to assert
(at para 160 of its closing submissions) that “the purpose of the Indemnity
Resolution was to cover the Plaintiff’s liabilities in Suit 33. The primary
purpose of the Indemnity Resolution was therefore to protect the Plaintiff’s
interests and not for the purposes of protecting the interests of the Club”.
In my view, the Club’s new case on breach of fiduciary duties is at odds with
its pleaded case of mistake because the new case suggests that the 2008 MC and
the 2011 MC intended to protect the Plaintiff in any event. Ultimately, the
Club elected to run both arguments as alternatives and in doing so, ran the
risk of each weakening the other.

230 I also note Mr Seah’s point that the 2008 MC had adopted the Indemnity
Resolution with first-hand knowledge of the facts and circumstances in which
the Plaintiff had made the defamatory statements. The Club did not lead
evidence to contradict this and buttress its case on the issue of mistake.
Instead, the Club premised its case on mistake almost entirely on the Court of
Appeal’s finding of malice in Suit 33. Had the Court of Appeal not found that
the defence of qualified privilege was defeated by the Plaintiff’s malice, the
Club’s case on mistake would have no legs to stand on. In my view, it would be
both artificial and contrary to principle to find that the Club had paid the
Plaintiff’s legal costs under a mistake merely because the Court of Appeal had
drawn its own inferences from the same set of facts known to the 2008 MC, and
had attached the legal label of malice to the Plaintiff’s conduct.

231 In the circumstances, the Club’s claim for restitution on the basis of
mistake fails.

Conclusion

232 For all the reasons stated above, both the Plaintiff’s claim and the
Club’s counterclaim in Suit 634 are dismissed.

233 After delivering my oral judgment on 12 December 2014, I heard counsel’s
submissions on costs. I have considered these submissions. In my view, it
would be fair for each party to bear its own costs given my findings of fact,
as well as the outcome in these proceedings.

234 There is a final question as to costs thrown away. In the middle of cross-
examination, the Plaintiff’s witness, Loreen Teo, claimed that the Insured v
Insured Exclusion was discussed during an earlier part of the 14 January 2009
Meeting which had not been transcribed. Although Mr Seah was in the midst of
having the recording of this earlier part of the 14 January 2009 MC Meeting
transcribed, he did not inform the Court or his opponent of this. This caught
both the Club, as well as the Court, by surprise when Loreen Teo raised the
point in cross-examination. Proceedings had to be adjourned for both sets of
counsel to review the recordings and the new transcripts. This was a matter
which should have been resolved earlier and not late in the day, in the middle
of trial. The adjournment and the additional work necessitated were disruptive
to the proceedings. I will therefore order that the Plaintiff pay the wasted
costs to the Club, fixed at $20,000 inclusive of disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Dec 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

