Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tey Tsun Hang _v_ Attorney-General  
[2014] SGHC 253

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 512 of 2014 (Summons No 512 of 3987 of
2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 December 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ravi s/o Madasamy (L F Violet Netto) for the applicant;
David Chong SC, Elaine Liew and Elgina Chua (Attorney-General's Chambers) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Tey Tsun Hang — Attorney-General  
  
1 December 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 The applicant, Tey Tsun Hang, (“Tey”) filed this Originating Summons (“OS”)
on 4 June 2014. He sought leave under O 53 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”) to bring judicial review proceedings
against the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority of Singapore (“the ICA”),
which was represented by the Attorney-General (collectively, “the
Respondent”).

2 Tey sought the following orders:

(a) an order quashing the cancellation of Tey’s application for the renewal of
his and his daughter’s re-entry permits (“REPs”) sometime between 23 and 24
July 2012 by the Respondent, on the grounds of a breach of natural justice
(“the 1st Quashing Order”);

(b) an order quashing the cancellation of Tey’s application for the renewal of
his and his daughter’s REPs on the grounds that the cancellation was made
arbitrarily and/or unreasonably (“the 2nd Quashing Order”);

(c) a mandatory order against the Respondent to reinstate the permanent
residency (“PR”) status of Tey and his daughter (“the 1st Mandatory Order”);
and

(d) a mandatory order against the Respondent to consider and process Tey’s
application for the renewal of his and his daughter’s REPs in full accordance
with the fundamental principles of due process, natural justice and procedural
propriety (“the 2nd Mandatory Order”).

The dates “between 23 and 24 July 2012” were used because, although Tey had
applied for the REPs on 23 July 2012, he claimed to have only been informed
that the applications were “cancelled” on 24 July 2012, when he accessed the
online portal through which the applications were made. For the purposes of
this judgment, I will assume that 24 July 2012 was the date on which the REP
applications were cancelled.

3 The Respondent applied, on 14 August 2014, to strike out Tey’s OS on the
ground that, amongst other things, it was an abuse of the process of the
court.

4 Parties appeared before me on 5 November 2014. I first heard counsel for the
ICA, Mr David Chong SC (“Mr Chong SC”), on his striking out application under
O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court. As the facts and arguments in this case for a
striking out and for leave under O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court overlapped
significantly, I then heard counsel for Tey, Mr Ravi s/o Madasamy (“Mr Ravi”),
on his response, in which he also included the grounds upon which he would be
seeking leave. I exceptionally allowed this course of action, although the
burden of a striking out under O 18 r 19 was much higher than that of seeking
leave under O 53, so that if anyone wanted to take this further, both
applications could be dealt with together rather than sequentially.

5 After Mr Chong SC completed his submissions on striking out the OS, Mr Ravi
made an application to amend the OS by deleting the 1st and 2nd Quashing
Orders, at [2(a)] and [2(b)] above. Mr Ravi also applied to amend his third
prayer, the 1st Mandatory Order, to read: “A Mandatory Order against the
Respondent to reconsider the PR status of the Applicant and his daughter”.

6 Mr Ravi then clarified that his amended case proceeded on the supposition
that there had, in fact, been no refusals of Tey’s applications to the ICA
thus far. This was because during the first attempt _via_ the online portal,
Tey was informed that his applications were “cancelled”. This was as opposed
to “refused” (see below at [30] and [48]). During the second attempt, Tey
faced an “error message” that informed him he had an invalid REP[note: 1] (and
was hence unable to apply for a renewal online: see below at [28(b)]). As
there had been no valid refusals, Mr Ravi stated that the 2nd Mandatory Order
should pertain to any future applications that Tey may choose to make.[note:
2]

7 Mr Chong SC had no objections subject to wasted costs. I accordingly allowed
these amendments to the OS and reserved the question of costs.

Background

8 The facts are not disputed. Tey filed his affidavit on 4 June 2014 in
support of his application. Senior Assistant Commissioner Kng Eng Kiat (“Mr
Kng”) and Superintendent Damien Gan Kwang Yeang (“Mr Gan”), employees of the
ICA, filed affidavits on behalf of the ICA on 23 July 2014. Tey was asked, but
declined, to file any affidavit in response to the ICA officers’ affidavits.

9 Tey is a Malaysian citizen. Tey became a permanent resident of Singapore on
31 December 1997.

10 The expression “permanent resident” refers to a person who has been issued
with an entry permit pursuant to s 10 of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 2008
Rev Ed) (“the Act”), the act in force at the time the decisions being impugned
in this OS were made. An REP is required for a permanent resident who
temporarily leaves Singapore to return to Singapore as a permanent resident,
pursuant to s 11 of the Act. A permanent resident who leaves Singapore without
a valid REP will lose his PR status.

11 Tey’s relevant REP was granted on 4 January 2003 and was valid until 4
January 2013. His daughter, too, was a permanent resident holding an REP that
was valid until 4 January 2013. She left Singapore in November 2012.[note: 3]

12 On 27 March 2012, the ICA was informed that Tey was under investigation by
the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“the CPIB”).[note: 4] On 23 July
2012, Tey made an application for new REPs to be issued to him and to his
daughter (“the 1st Attempt”). These applications were rejected. When Tey
checked on the application status on 24 July 2012, he was informed that both
applications were “cancelled”. The ICA did not inform him of the reasons for
which his applications were “cancelled”.

13 On 28 May 2013, Tey was convicted of six charges of corruption under the
Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) by the District Court.

14 On 6 June 2013, after Tey’s REP had expired, he made a second online
application for an REP (“the 2nd Attempt”), this time only for himself. This,
too, was unsuccessful.

15 The ICA afforded no reasons at the time, although it was apparent from the
error message that appeared on the online portal, that the 2nd Attempt failed
because, as at 6 June 2013, Tey was not holding on to a valid REP, and as such
was not eligible to apply online (see below at [28(b)]).

16 On 10 October 2013, Tey went to the ICA headquarters to submit an
application for an REP (“the 3rd Attempt”). This time, too, he made no
application for his daughter. Along with his application form, he presented a
handwritten letter to the ICA, wherein he stated that he required an REP to
travel out of Singapore on 15 October 2013 to visit his frail parents and his
family who were overseas.[note: 5]

17 On the same day (10 October 2013), he was interviewed by two ICA officers,
Mr Gan and Mr Ng Kwok Fai. Mr Gan was the Head (Re-Entry Permit) of the
Permanent Resident Services Centre at the ICA. He was authorised by the
Controller of Immigration, under s 3(2) of the Act, to exercise and discharge
the duties of the Controller. During the interview, the ICA officers informed
Tey that his application was being processed, and that he would be notified of
the outcome in due course. Tey asked about the PR status of his wife and
daughter. Mr Gan informed him that both his wife and daughter were no longer
permanent residents of Singapore as they remained outside of Singapore without
valid REPs. After the interview, the ICA issued Tey three letters – the first
informing him that his application for an REP was receiving attention[note: 6]
and the next two informing him that his wife and daughter had lost their PR
status.[note: 7]

18 Mr Gan then consulted his superior, the Director of the Permanent Resident
Services Centre, Mr Kng, to ask if an REP could be granted to Tey on
compassionate grounds. This was because the policy of the ICA was not to grant
an REP to a permanent resident who had been convicted of an offence (see below
at [28(d)]).

19 On 12 October 2013 at 2.24pm, Tey sent an email to the ICA Commissioner and
Mr Kng. He requested, among other things, a decision on his application dated
10 October 2013.[note: 8]

20 On 14 October 2013, Mr Gan, acting on behalf of the Controller of
Immigration, approved Tey’s application for an REP on compassionate grounds.
The REP was valid for a month. At 3.50pm on the same day, Mr Gan contacted Tey
by telephone and informed him that his application was successful and asked
him to visit the ICA headquarters by 5.30pm (the end of the working day) to
complete the formalities for the REP to be issued, namely, to pay a $10
administrative fee. Tey agreed to visit the ICA headquarters. He did not
suggest that he needed more time.[note: 9]

21 However, by 5.20pm, Tey had not arrived at the ICA headquarters. Mr Gan
telephoned Tey to ask if he still intended to complete the formalities. Tey
responded that he would not be doing so as he felt that a one-month REP was
“meaningless”.[note: 10] Tey did not turn up at the ICA headquarters on 14
October 2013. At 6.46pm, Mr Gan sent an email to Tey to confirm their
conversation which took place at 5.20pm.[note: 11]

22 On 15 October 2013 at about 9am, Tey attempted to leave Singapore through
the Tuas checkpoint. He was doing so without an REP. The ICA officers reminded
him of this at the checkpoint, as well as the consequences of doing so,
namely, that he would lose his PR status. At that point, it was open to him to
choose not to leave. However, Tey chose otherwise. It is important to note
that Tey signed an ICA acknowledgement form indicating that he was aware of
the consequences of his departure without an REP[note: 12] and left Singapore.
As a result of his departure, Tey lost his PR status.

23 On 28 February 2014, the High Court allowed Tey’s appeal against the
decision of the District Court, and acquitted him of his charges for
corruption. Soon after, on 4 June 2014, Tey filed this OS.

ICA Procedures

24 This case involves the granting of REPs. As noted above (at [10]), an REP
is required by a permanent resident to leave and return to Singapore while
retaining his PR status. Should a permanent resident choose to leave Singapore
without an REP, he would lose his PR status.

25 REPs are defined in s 11 of the Act. The version of s 11 that was in force
as at 24 July 2012 (“the Old s 11”) read as follows:

**Re-entry permits**

**11.** —(1) Any person lawfully resident in Singapore, not being the holder
of a valid pass or a citizen of Singapore, who seeks to leave Singapore
temporarily, or within one month of so leaving Singapore, may make an
application to the Controller in the prescribed manner for the issue to him of
a re-entry permit authorising him to re-enter Singapore.

(2) Upon application being made under subsection (1) and upon payment of the
prescribed fee, the Controller may issue to the applicant a re-entry permit in
the prescribed form and shall, if the applicant is required by the provisions
of any written law relating to passports for the time being in force in
Singapore to have a visa to enter Singapore, issue a visa to the applicant on
the production by him of his passport or other travel document and on payment
of the fee prescribed by that written law and the visa shall remain valid
until the expiry or cancellation of the re-entry permit issued to him.

(3) Any person aggrieved by the refusal of the Controller to issue to him a
re-entry permit under this section may, within 30 days of the notification of
the refusal to him, appeal by petition in writing to the Minister whose
decision shall be final.

26 Section 11 was amended in 2012. The amended provision (“the New s 11”) took
effect from 19 December 2012. It reads:

**Re-entry permits**

**11.** —(1) Any person lawfully resident in Singapore, not being the holder
of a valid pass or a citizen of Singapore, who seeks to leave Singapore
temporarily, or within one month of so leaving Singapore, may make an
application to the Controller in the prescribed manner for the issue to him of
a re-entry permit authorising him to re-enter Singapore.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), upon an application made under subsection (1)
and upon payment of the prescribed fee, the Controller may issue to the
applicant a re-entry permit in the prescribed form and shall, if the applicant
is required by the provisions of any written law relating to passports for the
time being in force in Singapore to have a visa to enter Singapore, issue a
visa to the applicant on the production by him of his passport or other travel
document and on payment of the fee prescribed by that written law and the visa
shall remain valid until the expiry or cancellation of the re-entry permit
issued to him.

(3) The Controller may, in his discretion —

(_a_) at the time of issuing a re-entry permit under subsection (2), impose
any condition as he thinks fit; or

(_b_) at any time after the issue of a re-entry permit under subsection (2),
vary or revoke any condition to which the re-entry permit is subject or impose
any condition thereto.

(4) For the avoidance of doubt, the power of the Controller to vary, revoke or
impose any condition under subsection (3)(_b_) may be exercised whether or not
he is entitled to cancel the re-entry permit under this Act.

(5) Before varying, revoking or imposing any condition on a re-entry permit
under subsection (3)(_b_), the Controller shall notify the holder of the re-
entry permit of the Controller’s intention to do so and shall give the holder
an opportunity to be heard as to why the condition of his re-entry permit
should not be varied or revoked or the additional condition should not be
imposed.

(6) Any person who is aggrieved by the decision of the Controller under this
section may, within 30 days after being notified of the decision of the
Controller, appeal by petition in writing to the Minister whose decision shall
be final.

27 In both versions, it is clear that the granting of an REP is subject to the
discretion of the Controller. The Controller is permitted, pursuant to s 3(2)
of the Act, to authorise immigration officers to act on his behalf. In this
case, Mr Gan and Mr Kng both had the requisite authority. This was not
disputed by Tey.

28 The ICA adheres to certain policies when issuing REPs. These include the
following:[note: 13]

(a) First, REPs are usually issued with a validity of five years or ten years.

(b) Secondly, before the expiry of an REP, the permanent resident may apply
for a new REP either through the online ICA portal or by paying a visit to the
ICA headquarters. If the applicant chooses to apply online, he must log in to
the online portal which can be accessed through the ICA website and fill in
the requisite fields. He will generally be notified immediately of the
outcome. However, where the application requires further consideration, the
applicant will be advised to check the application status through the same
online portal within five working days of the application date. Also, after
the expiry of an REP, the permanent resident may no longer apply online, and
must pay a visit to the ICA headquarters to apply for an REP.

(c) Thirdly, a permanent resident who has sponsored his dependants for their
PR status may apply on behalf of his dependants for REPs to be issued to them.

(d) Fourthly, REPs will not be granted automatically to applicants. Each
application will be assessed on its own merits. A permanent resident who is
under investigation or has been charged, convicted, and is appealing against
the conviction, is generally not granted an REP unless there is a conclusion
to the matter.

(e) Fifthly, in the event the Controller rejects an application for an REP,
typically, no reasons are given to the applicant. Nevertheless, any person
aggrieved by the decision of the Controller may appeal to the Minister,
pursuant to subsection (3) of the Old s 11 and subsection (6) of the New s 11.

The Electronic Re-Entry Permit (e-REP) System User Manual for Public Module

29 In his submissions, Mr Ravi directed the court’s attention to the
Electronic Re-Entry Permit (e-REP) System User Manual for Public Module (“the
Manual”). This is an electronic manual available on the ICA website that
provides step-by-step guidelines on how to use the online portal. At paragraph
2.5, the Manual guides the user through the checking of the status of
applications for the renewal of REPs. The relevant portion reads:

**2.5.1** **Application Listing**

• Click on the hyperlink [CHECK APPLICATION STATUS] from e-REP Main Menu as
shown in **Figure 2.2b**

• Renewal and Transfer applications submitted will be displayed in **Figure
2.5.1a**.

• Click on the hyperlink [APPLICATION NO.] to view the summary of the
application. Likewise you can click on the hyperlinks [MAKE PAYMENT].

o Renewal Application

¦ For Pending Status, refer to Section 2.5.2.

¦ For Approved Status, refer to Section 2.5.3.

¦ For Issued Status, refer to Section 2.5.4.

¦ For Cancelled, Rejected and/or Withdrawn Status, refer to Section 2.5.5.

o Transfer Application

¦ For Pending Status, refer to Section 2.5.6.

¦ For Approved Status, refer to Section 2.5.7.

¦ For Rejected Status, refer to Section 2.5.8.

• If you do not see your application in the listing, it may be due to the
following:

o Your application has been processed more than two (2) months; or

o Your REP issued has not been printed more than two (2) months.

…

**2.5.5** **Renewal Application Summary (Cancelled, Rejected and Withdrawn)**

• If any of the applicants in your renewal application has been cancelled,
rejected or withdrawn, a summary page will be displayed as shown in **Figure
2.5.5a**.

• If you wish to return to the application listing, click on [BACK].

• If you wish to return to e-REP Main Menu, click on [RETURN TO MAIN MENU].

30 The Manual contained screenshots, which were interspersed throughout the
text. An example is figure 2.5.5a, as referred to in paragraph 2.5.5, quoted
above. This figure was crucial, as it was primarily what Tey referred to. The
figure was a screenshot of an “Application Summary” screen, with examples of
how the possible status updates would be presented. The text within figure
2.5.5a reads:

The REP application for the following has been **Rejected** :

1\. KENJI …

You will be notified by email or letter.

The REP application for the following has been **Withdrawn** :

1\. ALEX …

Possible reasons for withdrawal:

1\. No payment made within 14 days.

2\. Request from applicant.

The REP application for the following has been **Cancelled** :

1\. ALFRED…

For queries on the cancelled application, kindly email ICA at
ICA_REP@ica.gov.sg

31 It is important to note that references to the Manual were first made by
Tey only in his written submissions. They were not contained in Tey’s
affidavits or his statement pursuant to O 53 r 1(2) of the Rules of Court. Mr
Ravi also relied on the Manual during the oral hearing.

My decision

32 Having considered the circumstances that led up to Tey’s losing his PR
status, I find that Tey’s OS should be struck out as it is an abuse of the
court’s process, pursuant to O 18 r 19(1)(_d_) of the Rules of Court.

33 Even if it were not struck out, I would not have granted leave because,
amongst other reasons, Tey failed to exhaust all available remedies, _viz_ ,
by making an appeal to the Minister under s 11(3) of the Act, before turning
to the courts.

Leave and abuse of process

34 These proceedings concern both Tey’s application for leave and the
Attorney-General’s application to strike out the OS. As submitted by Mr Chong
SC, there is an overlap between the two. The former sieves out hopeless or
frivolous public law claims (see _Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew v Attorney-
General_ [2014] 1 SLR 345 (“ _Jeyaretnam_ ”) at [53]–[55]). The latter weeds
out cases that are legally or factually unsustainable or are improper uses of
the court’s machinery (see _The “Bunga Melati 5”_ [2012] 4 SLR 546 at [39] and
_Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others_ [1997]
3 SLR(R) 649 (“ _Gabriel_ ”) at [22]). Both are concerned with preventing
wastage of judicial time and resources.

35 An important starting point is that the court should not ignore legal
constructs such as striking out and the need for leave, as well as the
principles behind them, simply because an action is commenced by way of
judicial review. In the words of Chao Hick Tin JA in _Jeyaretnam_ at [62],
“the very notion of ‘public interest’ has intrinsically the risk of it running
amok, depending on the whims and fancies of anyone who happens to be a citizen
of Singapore”. Although he was writing in the context of the law on _locus
standi_ , I find his words are equally apt to this case, subject to the caveat
that Tey here is not a citizen of Singapore – in fact, it is precisely due to
the matter of his recently altered residence status that he appeared before
this court.

36 On the other hand, as the Court of Appeal recently reiterated, the
threshold for striking out is high, and the mere fact that a case is weak is
no ground for striking it out (see _Tan Eng Hong v Attorney-General_ [2012] 4
SLR 476 (“ _Tan Eng Hong_ ”) at [20], citing _Gabriel_ at [21]). In that case,
the court was concerned with O 18 r 19(1)(_a_) of the Rules of Court, the “no
reasonable cause of action” ground, and O 18 r 19(1)(_b_), the “frivolous or
vexatious” ground. In this case, notwithstanding that the focus is on the
“abuse of process” ground under O 18 r 19(1)(_d_), the principles enunciated
in _Tan Eng Hong_ are equally relevant.

37 In identifying what an abuse of process is, the following guideposts are
useful:

(a) Proceedings are an abuse of process when they are manifestly groundless or
without foundation or serve no useful purpose (_Chee Siok Chin and others v
Minister for Home Affairs and another_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 at [34]).

(b) Of particular relevance to this case, and I can do no better than to quote
Lord Templeman in _In re Preston_ [1985] 1 AC 835 at 862, is the rule that the
“[j]udicial review process should not be allowed to supplant the normal
statutory appeal procedure”.

(c) Furthermore, a delay in bringing proceedings may constitute an abuse of
process. This was mentioned in _Chua Choon Lim Robert v MN Swani and others_
[2000] 2 SLR(R) 589 at [42], citing _Ronex Properties Ltd v John Laing
Construction Ltd_ [1983] 1 QB 398, albeit in the context of time-barred
claims. Mr Chong SC analogised the time-barred claims to Tey’s prayers for
quashing orders, which were brought way beyond the stipulated three-month
period in O 53 r 1(6) of the Rules of Court.[note: 14] I think this is a fair
analogy and accept the same. In fact, I would extend the principle to
mandatory orders as well. Applications for mandatory orders, too, should be
made without delay (see _UDL Marine (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_
[2011] 3 SLR 94 at [37]).

Section 39A

38 An important provision in the Act is s 39A, which goes to both the “abuse
of process” and “leave” points. It reads:

**Exclusion of judicial review**

**39A.** —(1) There shall be no judicial review in any court of any act done
or decision made by the Minister or the Controller under any provision of this
Act except in regard to any question relating to compliance with any
procedural requirement of this Act or the regulations governing that act or
decision.

(2) In this section, “judicial review” includes proceedings instituted by way
of —

(_a_) an application for a Mandatory Order, a Prohibiting Order or a Quashing
Order;

(_b_) an application for a declaration or an injunction;

(_c_) an Order for Review of Detention; and

(_d_) any other suit or action relating to or arising out of any decision made
or act done in pursuance of any power conferred upon the Minister or the
Controller by any provision of this Act.

39 Unlike s 11 of the Act, s 39A was not amended in 2012. Between 24 July 2012
and 4 June 2014, this was the provision in force. It is clear that s 39A
purports to limit judicial review. The first question is whether ousting the
jurisdiction of the court is _per se_ wrong. To address this, I turn to a
former decision of the High Court where the court dealt with, and gave effect
to, a similar clause.

40 In _Borissik Svetlana v Urban Redevelopment Authority_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 92
(“ _Borissik_ ”), the High Court considered s 22(7) of the Planning Act (Cap
232, 1998 Rev Ed) (“the Planning Act”). Section 22(7) provided that any
decision of the Minister “shall not be challenged or questioned in any court”.
The High Court found at [29] that s 22(7) showed that:

[T]he legislature intended that the courts should not interfere with issues of
planning permission as these involve interrelated considerations of fact, law,
degree and policy, which [were] better dealt with by an appeal procedure to
the Minister.

I should note that, in discussing s 22(7), the High Court was more concerned
about the applicant’s failure to exhaust her remedies before proceeding to
court.

41 Given the similarity in facts with this case, as Tey did not appeal to the
Minister either, I pause to briefly revisit the facts in _Borissik_. In that
case, the applicant was unhappy with the decision of the Urban Redevelopment
Authority (“the URA”) to reject the application that she and her husband had
submitted for the demolition of their semi-detached house. Importantly, after
the URA’s rejection, the applicant did not appeal to the Minister. This appeal
process was statutorily provided for in s 22(1) of the Planning Act. The High
Court’s analysis of the “ouster” effect of s 22(7) was conducted in the
context of elucidating the applicant’s failure to exhaust her remedies (by
appealing to the Minister), before proceeding to court. It noted, at [30]:

More alarmingly, the applicant took the position that she was not prepared to
appeal to the Minister because s 22(7) of the Planning Act provides that the
Minister’s decision shall be final and shall not be challenged or questioned
in any court. This is certainly not a valid reason for failing to appeal to
the Minister, who is required to accord her a fair hearing. It follows that
the application must be dismissed on the ground that the applicant had failed
to exhaust her remedies before coming to court.

42 The provision in _Borissik_ purported to oust the court’s jurisdiction in a
similar fashion to s 39A of the Act. _Borissik_ , however, dealt with the
Planning Act. To examine the effect of ouster clauses in matters pertaining to
immigration, I turn to the decision of _Pihak Berkuasa Negeri Sabah v Sugumar
Balakrishnan_ [2002] 3 MLJ 72 (“ _Pihak_ ”). In that case, the Federal Court
(Kuala Lumpur) was faced with the cancellation of the respondent’s entry
permit. Six weeks before the expiry of his entry permit, the respondent was
served with a notice of cancellation, pursuant to s 65(1)(_c_) of the
Immigration Act 1959/63 (Act No 155 of 1975) (M’sia) (“the Malaysian Act”). In
dealing with an appeal stemming from the respondent’s application for judicial
review, the court considered the effect of s 59A of the Malaysian Act. After
the amendment, which took effect from 1 February 1997, s 59A(1) read:

**Exclusion of judicial review**

**59A.** (1) There shall be no judicial review in any court of any act done or
any decision made by the Minister or the Director General, or in the case of
an East Malaysian State, the State Authority, under this Act except in regard
to any question relating to compliance with any procedural requirement of this
Act or the regulations governing that act or decision.

43 As is evident, s 59A(1) of the Malaysian Act is similarly worded to s
39A(1) of the Act. The court in _Pihak_ found, at 91, that it was clear that:

[T]he intention of Parliament … [was] to exclude judicial review by the court
of any act done or any decision of the minister or the director general or the
state authority under the Act except on grounds of procedural non-compliance
of the Act or regulations governing the act or decision.

44 Having reviewed the authorities, I find that the first question can be
answered in the negative. In matters relating to national policy, good
examples of which are matters relating to land planning as in _Borissik_ or
immigration or defence, there are good and self-evident reasons why these
matters are best left to the executive arm and not the courts which are ill-
equipped to make such decisions. This underpinned Parliament’s decision to
enact s 39A of the Act, as is apparent from the speech by the then Minister
for Home Affairs, Professor S Jayakumar, during the second reading of the
Immigration (Amendment) Bill on 10 November 1993 when s 39A was inserted. The
relevant extract reads (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates Official Reports_ (10
November 1993) vol 61 at cols 916–917):

... Clause 15 of the Bill inserts a new section 39A to clarify that the Courts
cannot substitute their decisions for the Executive's decisions in matters
relating to immigration unless it is on ground of non-compliance with any
procedural requirements. The intention of this amendment is that the merits of
the immigration decision, that is, whether it is right or wrong, cannot be
reviewed. This is to avoid a situation where the Courts can frustrate
Government's decision to expel aliens under the Act or other immigration
decisions concerning aliens.

Illegal entry and overstaying are problems which affect many countries.
Singapore is also faced with this problem. But we must have full powers to
deal with such offenders and when they are apprehended, to prosecute them and
expel them after they have served their punishment. In some cases where we
have caught overstayers or illegal workers and we want to repatriate them,
they have brought legal action or threatened to do so claiming they have a
right to stay on for various reasons. We cannot allow this.

45 This leads to the second question – what is the extent of s 39A of the Act?
It is important to note that s 39A does not purport to oust the jurisdiction
of the court in relation to all matters under the Act. Specifically, it does
not oust matters involving compliance with any procedural requirements of the
Act or the relevant regulations from the court’s jurisdiction. This is a
reasonable balance.

46 The third question is whether s 39A of the Act operated to oust this
court’s jurisdiction in considering the matters brought by Tey. Having
considered the ICA procedures and policies earlier, it is clear there are no
procedural requirements – at least in the Act – that deal with the exercise of
the Controller’s discretion in approving, refusing, or “cancelling” REP
applications. Furthermore, given Tey’s allegations of breach of due process
and natural justice, and that the decisions made by the ICA on 24 July 2012
were arbitrary and unreasonable, it seems his case lies in the realm that is
indeed precluded by s 39A. I note, however, that much of his case has now been
jettisoned, given Mr Ravi’s amendments to the OS on 5 November 2014.

Exhaustion of remedies

47 Allied to the s 39A point is Tey’s failure to exhaust his remedies. This,
too, goes both to abuse of process and leave for judicial review. Tey chose
not to pursue his statutory right to appeal to the Minister against the
decisions of the ICA on 24 July 2012. Not only does this jeopardise his
application for leave, having come to this court as a first resort (see _Chiu
Teng @ Kallang Pte Ltd v Singapore Land Authority_ [2014] 1 SLR 1047 at [39]),
it also relates to an abuse of the court’s process, in similar vein to the
applicant’s failure to appeal to the Minister in _Borissik_.

48 In his submissions, Tey, through his counsel, attempted to explain away his
failure to appeal to the Minister. Mr Ravi emphasised the difference between
the terms “cancelled”, which was the stated status of Tey’s application on 24
July 2012, and “refusal”. His argument seemed to be two-fold:

(a) First, he argued that under the Act, the ICA was not empowered to cancel
REP applications. This is because there was nothing in the Old s 11 to allow
the ICA to cancel an REP application.[note: 15] “Refusal”, on the other hand,
was referred to in subsection (3) of the Old s 11, which dealt with appeals to
the Minister. The equivalent in subsection (6) of the New s 11 uses the more
general term, “decision of the Controller”.

(b) Secondly, he argued that the Manual makes it clear that there is a
difference between the terms “cancel”, “rejected” and “withdrawn”.[note: 16]

49 Although Tey’s argument first came across as impugning the very authority
of the ICA to cancel his renewal applications, it later became muddled. This
was because his reliance on the Manual then led him to argue that the ICA must
notify applicants of its refusal to renew their applications by letter or
email (and that its failure to have notified him as such constituted
procedural impropriety). He relied on the screenshot at figure 2.5.5a in the
Manual (see above at [30]). However, the word used in the screenshot, as in
the rest of the Manual, was “rejected”, not “refused”. The word “rejected”, in
any of its grammatical forms, cannot be found in the Old s 11. Tey was willing
to accept refusal as a synonym for rejection,[note: 17] yet vehemently
objected to the use of the word “cancelled” simply because it was not found in
the Old s 11.

50 His argument became even more tenuous given his shift of position on 5
November 2014. During the oral hearing, Mr Ravi stated that Tey’s new position
was that he was hitherto unaware of any decision made by the ICA. This was
because, he argued, cancellations were not “decisions” that could have been
appealed from (whether under the Old s 11 or the New s 11). I cannot accept
this argument. Even if Tey was confused by the word “cancelled” on 24 July
2012, the screenshot at figure 2.5.5a in the Manual would have directed him to
send an email to the ICA to clarify what it meant (see above at [30]). He was
clearly aware of this portion of figure 2.5.5a, as he had even made reference
to it in his submissions.[note: 18] Although there was no legal obligation on
his part to enquire, his failure to do so, when viewed in the totality of his
conduct, reduces the credibility of his claim that he had hitherto been
unaware of any decision by the ICA. More importantly, if it was not apparent
that “cancelled” meant “refused” on 24 July 2012, it must have become
eminently apparent at least by 10 October 2013, when Tey went to the ICA
headquarters. Although the ICA’s use of multiple different terms may not be
ideal, and may cause confusion among applicants, Tey’s allegations are too
far-fetched. His reliance on the Manual and the word “cancelled” were
seemingly attempts to rationalise his failure to appeal to the Minister, a
crucial weak point of his case.

51 When viewing Tey’s conduct as a whole, it is apparent that not only did he
bring this application at a rather late stage, he neglected to appeal to the
Minister, and seemed to resort to this court to circumvent the appellate
process prescribed by statute.

52 Furthermore, given his emphatic change of position at the eleventh hour,
and his new position that there have been hitherto no “decisions” from the
ICA, it is not even clear what the two mandatory orders that he now seeks
leave to apply for even pertain to. I deal with this below. Nevertheless, on
his conduct alone, I find that an abuse of process has been made out on the
three guideposts highlighted above (at [37]).

Tey’s new case

53 The most troubling aspect of Tey’s new case was his position that there
have hitherto been no decisions by the ICA. Given that there are now only two
prayers remaining, I consider each in turn, and analyse the attendant
difficulties.

54 The 1st Mandatory Order, as amended, is now sought against the Respondent
to reconsider the PR status of Tey and his daughter. This is troubling for
four reasons.

(a) First, Tey has said nothing to explain his conduct on 14 October 2013 – in
particular, his _volte face_ after agreeing, at 3.50pm, to visit the ICA
headquarters that same day to complete the one month extension of his REP.

(b) Secondly, Tey never asked the ICA for a longer REP or for any other terms
or changes to the 30-day REP that was granted on compassionate grounds.

(c) Thirdly, Tey has not explained why he left the country on the day that he
did despite knowing the ramifications it would have on his PR status. In this
regard, it is important to reiterate that, _ceteris paribus_ , he would have
remained a permanent resident had he not left the country, notwithstanding
that his REP had expired.

(d) Fourthly, after the 1st Attempt failed (on 24 July 2012), Tey had not
applied for an REP for his daughter. The 2nd and 3rd Attempts concerned only
himself. His daughter had left the country in November 2012 (see above at
[11]). In fact, Tey’s position was that it was his decision to send his
daughter overseas shortly before the expiry of her REP.[note: 19]

55 As such, it is important to distinguish between the “REP issue” and the “PR
issue”. Even if there was some misconduct on the part of the ICA that led to
his failed REP applications, the immediate cause of the loss of his and his
daughter’s PR status was their leaving, or being out of, the country without
valid REPs. In any case, I found no such misconduct on the part of the ICA. In
fact, the ICA was willing to allow Tey to travel on 15 October 2013. It was
Tey’s unexplained refusal to visit the headquarters on 14 October 2013 to pay
the very modest fee and obtain his REP that led him to be without an REP.

56 Importantly, it was also Tey’s decision to leave the country on 15 October
2013 without an REP, despite being warned of the consequences of the same by
an ICA officer and signing a written acknowledgement that he had been so
warned, that led him to lose his PR status. Juxtaposing his conduct in this
regard with his resort to this court in seeking the 1st Mandatory Order, a
clear case of abuse of process is made out.

57 The 2nd Mandatory Order calls for the ICA to consider and process Tey’s
application for the renewal of his and his daughter’s REPs in full accordance
with the fundamental principles of due process, natural justice and procedural
propriety. Mr Ravi mentioned during the oral hearing that this would apply to
any future applications by Tey. In this sense, it is a highly unorthodox
prayer because Tey is presently in no position to apply for an REP, given that
he is not even a permanent resident. As such, there seems to be no practical
value pursuing such an order, not least given the circumstances in which he
seeks the 1st Mandatory Order.

58 I further highlight two aspects of Tey’s conduct that bear mention. First,
shortly after Tey filed his affidavit, he applied in Summons No 2809 of 2014
to expunge paragraphs 45 and 46 of the affidavit. The paragraphs read:

45\. No court of rule of law would be deferential to the executive for such
unreasonable Kafkaesque tactics and action –they cannot be tolerated, nor can
they be sanctioned, encouraged or indulged with impunity, by a court that
adheres to the rule of law.

46\. The Singapore Supreme Court must not become neglectful, or be seen to be
neglectful, of the proper process of the legal mind.

59 Even though these two paragraphs have been expunged, paragraph 44 remains,
which reads:

44\. Such unreasonable Kafkaesque tactics and action cannot be allowed, and
must be told by the court to the executive that proclaims to adhere to the
rule of law in plain terms and in an unequivocal manner – such tactics and
action have no place in a country of rule of law.

60 In the face of Tey’s refusal to appeal to the Minister and his vacillating
conduct particularly on 14 October 2013, it is odd that he chose to take this
matter directly to the court and to pitch his case this high.

61 The second aspect is that when parties appeared before me on 5 November
2014, Mr Ravi tendered four volumes of what he termed “supplementary
authorities”. These were in addition to the authorities he purportedly relied
on in his submissions. This is either telling of shoddy preparation on Tey’s
part, or connivance to inundate his opponent and the court with a vast array
of cases, some dating back to the 1800s and early 1900s. As mentioned above
(at [34]), striking out and leave are geared towards preventing wastage of
time and judicial resources. I see no reason to allow Tey to take up any more
of the court’s time.

Conclusion

62 The conduct of Tey’s case has been highly unsatisfactory. From the lengthy
delay in filing his OS, to skipping the appeal to the Minister, to drastically
changing his position at the eleventh hour, Tey’s case is not simply weak; it
is an abuse of the court’s process. For this reason, I allow the Respondent’s
application to strike out the OS. If I am wrong, and this is taken up
elsewhere, I would have refused leave for the reasons set out above.

63 I will hear the parties on costs for the striking out application and the
application for leave. This will include costs thrown away by the last minute
abandonment of the first two prayers and the amendments.

* * *

[note: 1]Damien Gan Kwang Yeang’s Affidavit dated 23 July 2014 at pp 37–38.

[note: 2]Minute Sheet of hearing on 5 November 2014 at p 7.

[note: 3]Damien Gan Kwang Yeang’s Affidavit dated 23 July 2014 at p 31.

[note: 4]Kng Eng Kiat’s Affidavit dated 23 July 2014 at p 6.

[note: 5]Damien Gan Kwang Yeang’s Affidavit dated 23 July 2014 at p 22.

[note: 6]Damien Gan Kwang Yeang’s Affidavit dated 23 July 2014 at p 25.

[note: 7]Damien Gan Kwang Yeang’s Affidavit dated 23 July 2014 at pp 27–28.

[note: 8]Damien Gan Kwang Yeang’s Affidavit dated 23 July 2014 at pp 30–33.

[note: 9]Damien Gan Kwang Yeang’s Affidavit dated 23 July 2014 at pp 7–8.

[note: 10]Damien Gan Kwang Yeang’s Affidavit dated 23 July 2014 at para 20.

[note: 11]Damien Gan Kwang Yeang’s Affidavit dated 23 July 2014 at p 43.

[note: 12]Damien Gan Kwang Yeang’s Affidavit dated 23 July 2014 at p 45.

[note: 13]Kng Eng Kiat’s Affidavit dated 23 July 2014 at pp 3–5.

[note: 14]Respondent’s submissions at para 31.

[note: 15]Applicant’s submissions at para 25.

[note: 16]Applicant’s submissions at para 25.

[note: 17]Applicant’s submissions at para 34.

[note: 18]Applicant’s submissions at para 32.

[note: 19]Tey Tsun Hang’s Affidavit dated 10 June 2014 at p 4, para 22.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Dec 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

