Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tommy Choo, Mark Go & Partners _v_ Kuntjoro Wibawa  
[2014] SGHC 79

Case Number| :| Bill of Costs No 173 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeal No 94 of
2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Bachoo Mohan Singh (Counsel) and Ling Leong Hui (Tommy
Choo, Mark Go & Partners) for applicant; Ooi Oon Tat (Judy Cheng & Co) for
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Tommy Choo, Mark Go & Partners — Kuntjoro Wibawa  
  
17 April 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal by the applicant, a law firm named “Tommy Choo, Mark Go &
Partners”, against the order of the assistant registrar staying an order for
the taxation of costs. The respondent was a client of the applicant since July
2011 and the applicant was retained under a warrant to act dated 20 August
2011, signed by the respondent.

2 The matter in which the applicant was retained to act concerned certain
trusts and payments out of those trusts. The matter had not been resolved when
the respondent changed solicitors and appointed Mr Almenoar to act in place of
the applicant. The applicant then raised a bill of costs for the solicitor and
client costs, based on rates of charges set out in the warrant to act.

3 The applicant was told to have its bill taxed. The respondent subsequently
alleged that the bill should not be taxed on the terms set out in the warrant
to act because it was superseded by an oral agreement to the effect that the
terms in the warrant to act were to be used only as a basis for taxing the
party and party costs should the respondent succeed in the pending litigation.

4 The applicant applied by Summons No 3068 of 2013 for an order that the
applicant be allowed to draw up a bill of costs for its solicitor and client
costs and for the bill to be taxed on an indemnity basis. On 30 August 2013,
despite the respondent’s claim of an oral agreement, Andrew Ang J ordered that
the applicant’s bill be taxed.

5 The taxation proceedings was due to be heard on 19 November 2013, but was
adjourned to 3 December 2013. On 3 December 2013, Mr Almenoar informed the
assistant registrar that he intended to apply to be discharged as the
respondent’s solicitor. The assistant registrar, according to counsel,
suggested that parties attend before Andrew Ang J for clarification of the
orders made by him on 30 August 2013. The clarification was fixed to be heard
on 8 January 2014 by Andrew Ang J, who held that he was _functus officio_ and
that a clarification of that nature should not be determined by him.

6 The applicant’s bill of costs was then re-fixed for taxation on 27 January
2014. The hearing was adjourned at the request of Mr Ooi, counsel for the
respondent. The assistant registrar informed parties that the taxation will
proceed on the new date if a formal application was not filed to stay the
taxation. On 27 February 2014, Mr Ooi obtained another adjournment for him to
file the application for a stay. This was Summons No 1207 of 2014, filed on 6
March 2014. On 13 March 2014, the assistant registrar heard Summons No 1207
and adjourned the taxation. The assistant registrar, believing that the
concurrent proceedings in Originating Summons No 204 of 2014 (“OS 204”) –
which was brought by the respondent, seeking, amongst other things, a
declaration that the warrant to act between respondent and applicant was of no
effect – would have “a direct bearing on [the] taxation proceedings… and to
avoid any possible conflict in the outcome of both proceedings, that it is
both practical and just for [the taxation] to be stayed”. It was against this
order that the applicant appealed before me.

7 Mr Bachoo Mohan, counsel for the applicant, submitted that the assistant
registrar had no power to order a stay of an order made by a judge. In
principle, he was right, although the assistant registrar would have the power
to adjourn the hearing. In that event, the applicant might still have appealed
but on the different ground that it was wrong to adjourn the taxation
proceedings.

8 Mr Bachoo Mohan argued that the bill of costs was properly and validly drawn
up, and there was no reason to deny the applicant its duly deserved costs. Mr
Ooi argued that the bill of costs was improperly drawn up because it was based
on a warrant to act that was not intended to apply. He submitted that, for
that reason, the respondent filed OS 204 to determine whether there was an
oral agreement between the applicant and the respondent that superseded the
warrant to act, or in any event, agreeing that the rates of charges there
should not be used. The applicant denies any oral agreement of that nature.

9 In my view, the allegation by the respondent cannot be resolved by an
Originating Summons application. It is clearly a contractual claim which is
disputed on the facts if not in law as well. The application in OS 204 should
have been begun by writ, but that is a technical and legal issue.

10 I see no reason why the applicant’s bill of costs cannot be taxed even if
the respondent had filed a contractual claim. The assistant registrar who
taxes the bill will have to decide whether the amounts claimed were fair and
equitable. That finding has to be made irrespective of the rates stated in the
warrant to act. I am mindful that Mr Ooi had submitted before me that the
costs were orally agreed, on the basis of the respondent paying “what he can”
and then to a sum fixed at $5,000 a month, before finally agreeing on $10,000
a month. None of these submissions seemed to be made before Andrew Ang J when
he first heard the application on 30 August 2013 and ordered that the costs be
taxed on an indemnity basis.

11 In conclusion, I am of the view that the respondent’s action in OS 204 is
not likely to succeed without it being converted into a writ action and in any
event, will not be resolved for some time. In the meantime, the assistant
registrar can take the respondent’s arguments into consideration as to whether
the costs can be fairly taxed on that, or some other basis.

12 For the reasons above, I order that Bill of Costs No 173 of 2013 be
restored for taxation. The costs of this appeal to be costs to the applicant,
to be fixed before me should parties fail to agree.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

