Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Manuchar Steel Hong Kong Limited _v_ Star Pacific Line Pte Ltd  
[2014] SGHC 181

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 927 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 September 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Kim Shin JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leong Lu Yuan (Ang & Partners) for the plaintiff;
Jeyabalen and Arthur Edwin Lim (Jeyabalen & Partners) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Manuchar Steel Hong Kong Limited — Star Pacific Line Pte Ltd  
  
23 September 2014|  
---|---  
  
Lee Kim Shin JC:

Introduction

1 This was an application by Manuchar Steel Hong Kong Limited (“Manuchar”)
seeking pre-action discovery from Star Pacific Line Pte Ltd (“Star Pacific”)
of all documents relating to the hire, use or operation of a vessel, Fusion 1,
by Star Pacific or its servants or agents.

2 Manuchar wanted the documents to determine if Star Pacific was part of a
single economic entity which another company known as SPL Shipping Limited
(“SPL Shipping”) was also a part of. Manuchar had hoped to use the information
in the documents to commence proceedings against Star Pacific to enforce two
arbitral awards which it had obtained against SPL Shipping (“the Awards”).

3 I dismissed the application for two reasons:

(a) First, Manuchar could not persuade me that the documents that it sought
were _necessary_ for the purpose of determining if it had sufficient facts to
allege that SPL Shipping and Star Pacific were a single economic entity to the
extent that the Awards could be enforced against Star Pacific.

(b) Second, in any event, Manuchar could not persuade me that its intended
cause of action against Star Pacific was recognised at law under either the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) or general
company law.

4 Manuchar applied for leave to appeal my decision which I granted. As far as
I am aware, no Notice of Appeal has been filed.

Background

5 Manuchar is a global logistics services provider based in Hong Kong. Star
Pacific is a Singapore-incorporated company. SPL Shipping is a company
incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) as a company limited by
shares. SPL Shipping’s incorporation was procured by its registered agent,
Nerine Trust Company (BVI) Limited (“Nerine Trust”).

6 Manuchar chartered the vessel, Fusion 1, from SPL Shipping under a
charterparty dated 9 July 2008 brokered by agents. Manuchar candidly
acknowledged that it was not aware, at the time it entered into the
charterparty, that SPL Shipping was a BVI company. The charterparty provided
for arbitration in London in the event of disputes.

Dispute, Arbitration and the Awards

7 Manuchar claimed monies against SPL Shipping arising from disputes under the
charterparty in 2008. In pursuit of its claim, Manuchar commenced arbitration
proceedings in London but SPL Shipping did not participate at all in the
arbitration. Under the Awards made in the arbitration, SPL Shipping was to pay
Manuchar its principal claim in the amount of US$427,326.73, interest, and
costs of the arbitration.

8 The substantive orders were made in October 2009, in the Final Award. The
second award, a supplementary award, was issued months later in January 2011.
It was issued to correct a heading in the Final Award which had misdescribed
SPL Shipping as “SPL Shipping Limited of Singapore”.

Enforcement of Awards

9 The Awards were nothing more than paper judgments as far as Manuchar was
concerned. It had taken various steps to enforce the Awards in three different
jurisdictions but those efforts were in vain.

10 As early as 28 October 2009, Manuchar made a demand against SPL Shipping by
fax for the sums under the Awards. It gave SPL Shipping until 6 November 2009
to comply. There was no response.

11 Manuchar then contacted SPL Shipping on three separate occasions, during
the period between September 2010 and January 2011, essentially notifying SPL
Shipping that the arbitrator would correct the heading of the Final Award
which, as mentioned above, resulted in the supplementary award.

12 These notices were served on SPL Shipping at 5 Shenton Way, #27-08, an
office building in Singapore. Interestingly, the person who received these
notices stamped the acknowledgment copies with SPL Shipping’s corporate stamp.

13 Manuchar then sought registration of the Awards in Singapore, England and
the BVI under the enforcement regimes of each jurisdiction.

14 Manuchar obtained an order from the Singapore High Court in early January
2012 granting it liberty to enforce the Awards against SPL Shipping. This was
then served on SPL Shipping at its registered address in the BVI, although it
was addressed to Nerine Trust. A manager from Nerine Trust acknowledged
receipt of service on SPL Shipping’s behalf. It was not entirely clear what
role Nerine Trust played but it appears that they provided corporate
secretarial services to SPL Shipping.

15 A similar enforcement order was obtained from the English High Court in
early 2012. There was no evidence, however, of service of this order on SPL
Shipping either in the BVI or in Singapore.

16 Finally, a similar enforcement order was obtained from the High Court of
Justice in the BVI in July 2012. Manuchar, as creditor, then served a
statutory demand on SPL Shipping at its registered address in the BVI in
September 2012. Again, service was acknowledged by a manager from Nerine
Trust. This statutory demand was issued pursuant to the Insolvency Act, 2003
(No 5 of 2003) which governed the law and procedure relating to insolvency in
the BVI.

17 According to Manuchar, SPL Shipping completely ignored the relevant court
processes and orders despite receiving service and notice of the various
enforcement processes. No payment was made.

Manuchar’s case

18 Consequently, Manuchar sought enforcement of the Awards against Star
Pacific on the premise that SPL Shipping and Star Pacific are (or were) a
single economic entity. Ms Leong Lu Yuan, counsel for Manuchar, explained that
the concept of a single economic entity provided that two or more distinct and
separate companies can be regarded at law as having the same corporate
personality on the ground that they were part of a single economic entity. Ms
Leong submitted that this concept has been recognised by the Singapore courts
in appropriate cases.

19 Ms Leong provided five facts in support of the single economic entity
argument:

(a) SPL Shipping and Star Pacific shared the same Singapore office, apparently
being 80 Robinson Road, #09-02 (“the Robinson Road office”). I would just
observe here that this was not the address which Manuchar sent the notices
informing SPL Shipping of the misdescription in the Final Award (see [12]
above).

(b) Other parties in the chain of charterparties concerning Fusion 1 appeared
to have addressed their correspondence to Star Pacific.

(c) Instructions and correspondence concerning Fusion 1 appeared to have come
from Star Pacific’s employees and/or SPL Shipping’s personnel signing off in
the name of Star Pacific.

(d) Documents sent to, or served on, SPL Shipping in Singapore at the Robinson
Road office, were accepted and acknowledged as having been received by SPL
Shipping. SPL Shipping and Star Pacific also shared the same fax number.

(e) The plaintiffs in two separate civil suits in the US had similarly alleged
that SPL Shipping and Star Pacific were one economic entity or in any case had
no separate corporate identity. These plaintiffs are not connected or
associated with Manuchar.

20 In this application, Manuchar provided an extensive set of documents
including emails, letters and court documents which supported its factual
assertions. However, Manuchar claimed that these documents were insufficient
for the purposes of formulating its claim that SPL Shipping and Star Pacific
are (or were) part of a single economic entity.

21 Manuchar therefore wanted pre-action discovery of “all documents which are
or have been in [Star Pacific’s] possession, custody or power, relating to the
hire, use and/or operation of the vessel ‘Fusion 1’ by [Star Pacific] and/or
their servants or agents”, including but not limited to:

(a) correspondence, notes and memoranda passing between SPL Shipping and Star
Pacific in the period of June 2008 to September 2008;

(b) the charterparty and/or fixture note and/or other similar document between
Star Pacific and the owners and/or disponent owners of Fusion 1 for the hire
and/or use of the said vessel in the period of June 2008 to September 2008;
and

(c) bank statements, cash book entries and ledgers, and other documents
relating to all financial transactions involving the hire, use and/or
operation of Fusion 1 in the period of June 2008 to September 2008.

Star Pacific’s case

22 Star Pacific’s case was put forward by its sole director and sole
shareholder, one Mr Ham, who was neither a director nor employee of Star
Pacific at the material time of the dispute in 2008. He only assumed
directorship and ownership of Star Pacific in July 2010 from the previous
South Korean director cum sole shareholder.

23 Mr Ham disputed the allegation that SPL Shipping and Star Pacific are (or
were) a single economic entity. He said that at the material time, Star
Pacific was only an agent of SPL Shipping, as evidenced by an agency
agreement. Although Star Pacific shared the same premises with SPL Shipping,
namely, the Robinson Road office, so too did at least three other Korean
companies. All of them were however separate entities albeit they did, from
time to time, take receipt of mail and other deliveries on behalf of each
other.

24 For good measure, Mr Ham insisted in his affidavit that he did not have the
documents sought by Manuchar (as described at [21] above). Ms Leong, however,
argued that Mr Ham’s affirmation on oath was insufficient as he had not made
it clear that Star Pacific (as opposed to its sole director) did not have the
documents.

My decision

What was meant by single economic entity

25 I begin by explaining what I understood the single economic entity concept
to mean for the purposes of this application. The single economic entity
concept means different things in different contexts. It would be dangerous to
assume or, worse still, equate the understanding of the single economic entity
concept for statutory purposes (such as taxation or competition laws) with the
use of the single economic entity concept in the present context, which is
simply a dispute between companies over _liability under a contract_.

26 The single economic entity concept that I understood Manchuar to have
relied on in this application may be described by the following example. P
enters into a contract with D which is related to a third company, TC. The
exact relationship between D and TC – whether parent-subsidiary or two
subsidiaries owned by the same parent – is unknown but it is accepted that D
and TC are part of the same corporate group. D breaches the contract. However,
as D is essentially a shell company with no assets, P is considering two
options:

(a) P commences proceedings against TC for D’s breach of contract; or

(b) P commences proceedings against D first, and if P succeeds, P then
enforces as against TC the judgment (or arbitral award) which it obtains
against D.

27 In both options above, P intends to argue that it has a valid claim against
TC because TC and D operate as a single economic entity. The crux of P’s
argument that TC is equally liable for D’s breach is because TC and D are part
of a single economic entity, D’s liability belongs as much to D as it does to
other members of the same economic entity, one of them being TC. In the
present application, Manuchar sought to make Star Pacific liable for SPL
Shipping’s breach via the second option.

Pre-action discovery

28 I will now discuss the law relating to pre-action discovery.

29 Discovery applications may be made before the commencement of an action or
proceedings against another party. This is expressly provided in O 24 r 6(1)
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) which has as its source para
12 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007
Rev Ed) (“SCJA”): _Ching Mun Fong v Standard Chartered Bank_ [2012] 4 SLR 185
(“ _Ching Mun Fong_ ”) at [16].

30 The Court of Appeal said in _Ching Mun Fong_ at [18] that the plaintiff
must satisfy the twin requirements of (a) relevance; and (b) necessity, to
succeed in an application for pre-action discovery.

Relevance

31 The requirement of relevance is prescribed in O 24 r 6(3)(_b_) but it is,
in any case, self-evident. The documents sought must be relevant to an issue
arising or likely to arise out of the potential claim against the defendant.

32 In the present case, it was difficult to argue that the documents sought
were not relevant to the issue of whether SPL Shipping and Star Pacific are
(or were) a single economic entity.

33 This may be why Mr Jeyabalen, counsel for Star Pacific, trained his
attention chiefly on the necessity requirement.

Necessity

34 Unlike the requirement of relevance, necessity is carved out as a
standalone requirement under a separate rule, O 24 r 7, which reads:

**Discovery to be ordered only if necessary (O. 24, r. 7)**

**7**. On the hearing of an application for an order under Rule 1, 5 or 6, the
Court may, if satisfied that discovery is not necessary, or not necessary at
that stage of the cause or matter, dismiss or, as the case may be, adjourn the
application and shall in any case refuse to make such an order if and so far
as it is of opinion that discovery is not necessary either for disposing
fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs.

35 Saying that discovery of a document is a “necessity” or is “necessary” does
not mean much. Necessity must be considered in relation to another concept;
something is necessary only by reference to an identifiable end. Under O 24 r
7, necessity principally references two discrete considerations:

(a) fair disposal of the cause or matter; and

(b) saving costs.

36 These two considerations apply generally to discovery applications, not
just pre-action discovery applications. But pre-action discovery is somewhat
unique because it concerns disclosure even before proceedings have begun. In
that specific context, the courts, in determining whether the necessity
requirement is satisfied, generally ask whether the potential plaintiff has
sufficient facts that would enable it to formulate a claim, and therefore be
in a position to commence proceedings.

37 If a potential plaintiff is in possession of sufficient facts to commence
proceedings, pre-action discovery is unnecessary and accordingly would not be
granted (see _Ching Mun Fong_ at [23]).

38 Therefore, the crux relates to the sufficiency of knowledge that would
place the plaintiff in a position to put forward a cause of action. As Prof
Jeffrey Pinsler succinctly summarised, “if the claimant has sufficient
evidence to mount a claim, he is not entitled to discovery before proceedings
in order to complete his ‘entire picture’ of the case”: _Singapore Court
Practice 2009_ (LexisNexis, 2009) at para 24/6/2. This comment was cited with
approval by the Court of Appeal in _Ching Mun Fong_ (at [26]).

39 The Court of Appeal in _Dorsey James Michael v World Sport Group Pte Ltd_
[2014] 2 SLR 208 (“ _Dorsey James Michael_ ”) recently reaffirmed this. It
held (at [48]) that if the plaintiff at the time of the making of the
application can immediately commence proceedings against the defendant in
relation to the controversy at hand without disclosure, that fact operates as
a “significant consideration against the making of [the] order … as pre-action
disclosure is then not necessary”.

Fishing

40 Before I address the facts of this case in relation to the requirement of
necessity, I digress briefly to address the notion of “fishing expeditions”
which is how discovery applications are frequently characterised. This was
argued in the course of the hearings.

41 Fishing expeditions in discovery applications typically do not fare well –
pre-action discovery will not be ordered to enable a plaintiff to go on a
fishing expedition: _Kuah Kok Kim and others v Ernst & Young_ [1996] 3 SLR(R)
485 (“ _Kuah Kok Kim_ ”) at [31].

42 However, whether a party is “fishing” is not strictly speaking a test, and
the answer to that question has no consequence when considered in a vacuum. If
“fishing” means asking for a generally broad category of documents, every pre-
action discovery application will inevitably involve some amount of fishing.
It would therefore not assist a defendant to say that the plaintiff is fishing
for documents, without saying why the request for those documents should be
denied by reference to the twin requirements of relevance and necessity. The
court would find greater assistance by submissions that explain whether the
twin considerations of relevance and necessity are satisfied.

Application to the facts

43 Manuchar relied on the High Court decision in _Asta Rickmers
Schiffahrtsgesellschaft mbH & Cie KG v Hub Marine Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 283
(“ _Asta Rickmers_ ”) in which pre-action discovery was granted. Ms Leong
submitted that I should follow _Asta Rickmers_ because the fact pattern in
that case and the present case were similar and the documents sought were
“essentially [of] the same types”.

44 _Asta Rickmers_ does bear some resemblance to the present case. In that
case, the operation of a vessel had been chartered by the plaintiff owner to a
company known as Hub Lines Pte Ltd. The charterparty was then terminated by
Hub Lines, an act which the plaintiff alleged was in breach of the
charterparty. The matter proceeded to arbitration in London and it appeared
that Hub Lines did not participate in those proceedings. The plaintiff was
awarded approximately US$2.3m, interest and costs.

45 Shortly before the award was rendered, another creditor of Hub Lines
commenced winding-up proceedings against Hub Lines. The plaintiff then sought
to make the defendant in _Asta Rickmers_ , Hub Marine, liable for the sum
under the award by alleging that Hub Marine was the real charterer of the
vessel; that Hub Lines was a front for Hub Marine; and that Hub Marine was a
sub-charterer of the vessel under a back-to-back charterparty or similar
arrangement with Hub Lines.

46 Tay Yong Kwang J affirmed the Deputy Registrar’s decision to grant pre-
action discovery on the basis that the documents would enable the plaintiff to
ascertain if Hub Marine was in fact the real charterer of the vessel.

47 I chose not to follow the decision in _Asta Rickmers_ for two reasons.

48 The first is factual. The plaintiff in _Asta Rickmers_ wanted, through the
pre-action discovery application, to ascertain the “true involvement of [Hub
Marine] in the charterparty” (_Asta Rickmers_ at [19]). However, all the
evidence it had was circumstantial:

(a) a survey report which named Hub Marine as the charterer;

(b) letters to the master of the vessel, sailing instructions and a circular
were all sent on the notepaper of Hub Marine;

(c) evidence that Hub Marine paid most of the charter hire; and

(d) notes to the accounts and report of Hub Lines’ auditors which made no
mention of the claim on the charterparty made by the plaintiff.

49 In these circumstances, Tay J felt that it would assist the plaintiff if it
had, in addition to the above evidence, documents from Hub Marine in the
nature of correspondence, notes and memoranda relating to the hire, use and/or
operation of the vessel. These documents would provide _direct_ evidence of
Hub Marine’s principal involvement in the charterparty which was the
plaintiff’s purported objective in making the pre-action discovery
application.

50 I could not say the same for Manuchar. Its intended cause of action was
different.

51 Manuchar argued that the Awards could be enforced against Star Pacific on
the basis that SPL Shipping and Star Pacific are (or were) a single economic
entity. Manuchar was not seeking to ascertain Star Pacific’s involvement in
the charterparty as such, but that SPL Shipping and Star Pacific are (or were)
operating as a single economic entity.

52 Mr Jeyabalen argued, in the main, that Manuchar had more than sufficient
evidence in its possession and knowledge to commence and prosecute its claim,
hence pre-action discovery was unnecessary. I agreed with this submission.

53 Manuchar was able to provide five facts to support its allegation of a
single economic entity (see [19] above). More impressive, though, was the
amount of documentary evidence adduced in the Plaintiff’s supporting affidavit
given by one Mr Maas. Mr Maas exhibited in his affidavit 49 items of mostly
correspondence, emails, faxes, and letters spread over approximately 150
pages. These exhibits show, to varying extents, the closeness in proximity
between SPL Shipping and Star Pacific.

54 The evidence was so comprehensive that it even showed that personnel who
dealt with Manuchar on the Fusion 1 charterparty had signed off on behalf of
Star Pacific; and that other parties in the charterparty chain had at times
addressed their correspondence to Star Pacific. Manuchar believed (and
asserted in this application) that SPL Shipping and Star Pacific were
operating as a single economic entity because of these documents.

55 Given that such documents were already in the possession and knowledge of
Manuchar, I found it difficult to accept Ms Leong’s argument that further
documents held by Star Pacific in relation to its involvement with Fusion 1
during the relevant period, if any, were _necessary_ for commencing a claim
that SPL Shipping and Star Pacific are (or were) operating as a single
economic entity.

56 Manuchar appeared to be labouring under the impression that it required
_evidence_ to _prove_ its single economic entity theory before it could
commence proceedings. In Mr Maas’ affidavit, he affirmed that Manuchar would
sue Star Pacific upon “obtaining evidence of their right to do so”. This was
erroneous, as only facts, not evidence, need be pleaded (see O 18 r 7 and
_Ching Mun Fong_ at [40]).

57 The focus of the law on pre-action discovery is the sufficiency of
knowledge and possession of facts to plead and formulate a claim. It was
therefore clear to me that Manuchar was adequately informed to formulate a
pleading that Star Pacific and SPL Shipping operated as a single economic
entity and commence proceedings on that basis.

58 Applying the formulation in _Whang Tar Liang v Standard Chartered Bank_
[2011] SGHC 154 (“ _Whang Tar Liang_ ”) at [10], Manuchar was already in a
position to “come to a determination of its cause(s) of action”; indeed, it
already _knew_ what its cause of action was and the facts that supported that
cause of action. I did not think that the requirement of necessity was
satisfied.

59 Before I leave the facts, I am compelled to mention that Ms Leong was
unable to provide any meaningful response, when pressed, why discovery after
the commencement of proceedings would not suffice. The Court of Appeal in
_Dorsey James Michael_ (at [49]) noted, as a relevant consideration, that the
plaintiff ought to give reasons why it was neither convenient nor just for the
information to be sought _after_ proceedings had been commenced. Against that
backdrop, the absence of any explanation by Ms Leong made Manuchar’s
application rather weak.

60 This leads me to the second reason, a legal one, for not following _Asta
Rickmers._ The law on pre-action discovery has received the benefit of
clarification in subsequent cases which may have resulted in a different
outcome in _Asta Rickmers_ (had these cases been available when _Asta
Rickmers_ was decided).

61 The leading case when _Asta Rickmers_ was decided was _Kuah Kok Kim_ ,
which as a Court of Appeal decision, was binding on Tay J and was therefore
duly applied (_Asta Rickmers_ at [36]). However, the Court of Appeal clarified
one aspect of _Kuah Kok Kim_ in its more recent decision in _Ching Mun Fong_
(at [19]–[23] and [27]–[28]).

62 The clarification related to the citation in _Kuah Kok Kim_ (at [38]) of a
statement made in _Dunning v Board of Governors of the United Liverpool
Hospitals_ [1973] 1 WLR 586 by Lord Denning MR. Lord Denning stated (at 590)
that “[o]ne of the objects of [pre-action discovery] is to enable the
plaintiff to find out – before he starts proceedings – whether he has a _good_
cause of action or not” [emphasis added]. The court in _Ching Mun Fong_ was
concerned that this statement may have created the impression that the purpose
of pre-action discovery is to enable the plaintiff to determine whether he had
a cause of action which he could make out on the evidence and so, in that
sense, is “good”.

63 The court in _Ching Mun Fong_ noted that such an interpretation was
incorrect, as pre-action discovery was permitted not to assist a plaintiff in
“developing and finessing his causes of action” or in “obtaining evidence to
boost [its] case”, but so that the plaintiff may discover a set of facts to
fashion a claim against a potential defendant (see _Ching Mun Fong_ at [21]
and [28]). In other words, the effect of pre-action discovery on the merits of
the plaintiff’s claim was not a relevant consideration (see _Whang Tar Liang_
at [10]). Rather, the focus was, as emphasised in _Ching Mun Fong_ at [28], on
the possession of facts sufficient to _formulate_ a claim (see [37]–[39]
above).

64 Therefore, whilst a court solely applying _Kuah Kok Kim_ may have construed
the law as allowing a more generous approach towards granting pre-action
discovery, that is no longer a tenable approach after _Ching Mun Fong_.

65 Without _Asta Rickmers_ , Manuchar had nothing left by way of authority to
sustain its application. I would have dismissed it on the sole basis that the
necessity requirement was not satisfied.

66 However, I would have dismissed the application for another reason – I was
of the view that the intended cause of action was not viable at law.

Viability of cause of action

Enforcement of arbitral awards against a non-party

67 To recapitulate, Manuchar’s intended cause of action was to enforce the
Awards against Star Pacific on the ground that SPL Shipping and Star Pacific
operated as a single economic entity. I was skeptical, initially, whether such
an action would be considered as disclosing no reasonable cause of action and
therefore liable to be struck out under O 18 r 19(_a_) in any event. Order 18
r 19(_b_) was also another possibility. If that proved to be correct, Manuchar
would not have a “good” cause of action, not in the sense that it would be
unable to establish its cause of action on the facts, but in the sense that it
did not even have a recognisable cause of action on which to proceed. I
therefore requested the parties to provide further submissions on the nature
of Maunchar’s intended cause of action in law.

68 My initial skepticism was not unfounded. In particular, I appreciated Ms
Leong’s honest acknowledgment in her further submissions that pursuant to s
31(2)(_b_) of the IAA, “it [was] not possible to seek enforcement of an
arbitration award against a non-party to the arbitration agreement”. She also
helpfully provided authority, in the form of Chan Leng Sun, _Singapore Law on
Arbitral Awards_ (Academy Publishing, 2001) at paras 7.55–7.56. Finally, she
was candid enough to acknowledge that she was not aware of any case where an
arbitral award had been enforced against a party in Star Pacific’s position.

69 To that I would add that Star Pacific was not just a stranger to the
arbitration agreement in the charterparty. Star Pacific was not even named as
a respondent in the arbitration that took place in London; and accordingly it
never had an opportunity to decide if it wished to contest the claims made in
the arbitration. Last but not least, Star Pacific was not the award debtor
under the Awards.

70 Enforcing an award against a party in the shoes of Star Pacific in these
circumstances would be anathema to the “internal logic of the consensual basis
of an agreement to arbitrate”, to borrow the words of the Court of Appeal in
_PT First Media TBK (formerly known as PT Broadband Multimedia TBK) v Astro
Nusantara International BV and others and another appeal_ [2014] 1 SLR 372 (“
_Astro_ ”) at [198].

71 A decision of the English High Court supports my view that Manuchar did not
have a cause of action recognised at law. In _Peterson Farms Inc v C &M
Farming Ltd_ [2004] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 603 (“ _Peterson Farms_ ”), the respondent
in an arbitration sought a declaration from the court that certain findings in
an award were made without jurisdiction because those findings related to
members of the claimant group that did not enter into a binding arbitration
agreement with the respondent.

72 The respondent’s argument had been rejected by the arbitral tribunal
because the tribunal accepted the “group of companies” doctrine. The arbitral
tribunal’s reasoning explains what it understood this doctrine to mean, and it
is helpful to set out the relevant portion (_Peterson Farms_ at [41]):

… The Tribunal does not consider that it is legally precluded from considering
C&M's damages claims to cover and embrace the damages of all C&M Group
companies. _The group of companies doctrine provides that an arbitration
agreement signed by one company in a group of companies entitles (or
obligates) affiliate non-signatory companies, if the circumstances surrounding
negotiation, execution, and termination of the agreement show that the mutual
intention of all the parties was to bind the non-signatories._ Following the
Dow Chemical decision and ICC case numbers 2375 and 5103, _the Tribunal
recognised that_** _because a group of companies constitute the same “economic
reality” one company in the group can bind the other members_** _to an
agreement if such a result conforms to the mutual intentions of all the
parties and reflects the good usage of international commerce._ This Tribunal
considers that such circumstances are present in this case. … [emphasis added
in italics and bold italics]

73 Ostensibly, there is a striking similarity between the “group of companies”
doctrine described above and the single economic entity concept that Manuchar
was relying on (see [26]–[27] above). For present purposes, it is not
necessary to comment on the Dow Chemical case, a decision of an ICC arbitral
tribunal in 1982, which remains highly controversial in many jurisdictions
(see Gary Born, _International Commercial Arbitration_ (Kluwer, 2nd Ed, 2014)
(“ _Born_ ”) at pp 1450–1454). More germane to this present case was Langley
J’s decision in _Peterson Farms_ on whether the arbitral tribunal had, by
relying on the group of companies doctrine, wrongly assumed jurisdiction.

74 In his judgment (at [42]), Langley J considered the arbitral tribunal’s
decision “open to a number of substantial criticisms” and “seriously flawed in
law”. He held that the issue of whether the respondent had contracted with the
other members of the claimant group was governed by the proper law of the
contract which was Arkansas law and which the parties had agreed was the same
as English law. On that basis, the arbitral tribunal should not have applied
the “group of companies” doctrine as that doctrine “forms no part of English
law” (at [59]).

75 I will discuss later (see [88]–[136] below) the broader issue of whether
the single economic entity concept – which was argued to be a principle of
general company law and not just arbitration law – has any standing in
Singapore company law. For now, the import of _Peterson Farms_ was that as a
matter of arbitration principle, a tribunal has no jurisdiction to bind
strangers to the arbitration agreement on the basis that these strangers are
part of a larger group under the “group of companies” doctrine. This was yet
another example of how stringently the courts regard consent to arbitration.

76 In my view, the decisions in _Peterson Farms_ and _Astro_ clarified beyond
doubt that an arbitral award cannot impose enforceable obligations on
strangers to an arbitration agreement. Star Pacific, being a stranger to the
charterparty and by extension the arbitration agreement – and this was
undisputed – could not be made liable for SPL Shipping’s obligations under the
Awards. Hence, Manuchar’s attempt to enforce the Awards against Star Pacific
was not viable at law.

77 Mr Jeyabalen characterised Manuchar’s conduct in going after Star Pacific
as a “witch hunt”, which conduct was caused by Manuchar’s own lack of due
diligence in entering into a charterparty with a BVI entity. I did not think
that the characterisation was fair or necessary or that he needed to go that
far. Instead, I considered it material that Manuchar had commenced arbitration
against SPL Shipping only and not Star Pacific as well. Perhaps Maunchar did
not have sufficient confidence, at the time of commencement of the
arbitration, that it would succeed before the tribunal in joining Star Pacific
to the arbitration using the single economic entity (or any related) argument.

78 Manuchar’s decision to prosecute the arbitration against SPL Shipping
alone, in light of Ms Leong’s concession, meant that I could not envisage how
the court could justify ordering pre-action discovery in support of a cause of
action which was unsustainable at law. Doing so would have achieved the exact
opposite outcome from the objective of pre-action discovery, that is, to
minimise the unnecessary escalation of costs.

79 In these circumstances, I could see no principle or policy reason in favour
of granting Manuchar’s application. The high threshold required for the
granting of pre-action discovery reflects the policy in the law that pre-
action discovery “while not exceptional, is not usual” (_Dorsey James Michael_
at [49]). I did not think that the law should encourage parties who
acknowledge that their intended cause of action against the defendant was not
recognised at law to nevertheless commence pre-action discovery to obtain
documents to support that cause of action.

_Pre-action discovery to assist execution proceedings_

80 Ms Leong then shifted the goalposts of Manuchar’s case, in her further
submissions, by arguing that even if Manuchar could not directly enforce the
Awards against Star Pacific, it could obtain the sums payable under the Awards
through other means such as commencing execution proceedings to obtain a
garnishee order against Star Pacific. Ms Leong referred to the High Court case
of _Leads Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Chin Choon Co (Pte) Ltd (personal
representatives of the estate of Choo Kok Hoe, deceased, garnishee)_ [2009]
SGHC 53 (“ _Leads Engineering_ ”) in support of her new submission.

81 I did not find _Leads Engineering_ helpful to Manuchar’s case as the facts
and issue in that case were not directly on point. The plaintiff there was the
award creditor. It had been engaged by the defendant, the award debtor, to
construct dwelling houses. The defendant was the main contractor for the
project. There was a dispute that was referred to arbitration which resulted
in an award in the plaintiff’s favour. The plaintiff then applied to enforce
the award and was given judgment against the defendant.

82 This was followed by execution proceedings in which the plaintiff obtained,
_ex parte_ , a garnishee order against one Mr Choo who had engaged the
defendant as the main contractor. Mr Choo was, at that time, a director and
shareholder of the defendant together with his sons. However, Mr Choo refused
to attend the garnishee proceedings and passed away shortly thereafter. The
plaintiff then took out an application for examination of judgment debtor
against the late Mr Choo’s son (who was the managing director of the
defendant).

83 The only issue before Lai Siu Chiu J who heard the matter was whether the
late Mr Choo’s estate was indebted to the defendant for the purposes of
deciding whether the garnishee order should be made absolute. She disbelieved
the evidence from the late Mr Choo’s son and found against the estate. The
initial garnishee order was made absolute because the burden fell on the
estate (as the garnishee) to prove that the late Mr Choo did not owe any
monies to the defendant when the _ex parte_ garnishee order was obtained.

84 I was not quite sure how _Leads Engineering_ advanced Manuchar’s case. The
facts of _Leads Engineering_ actually go against Manuchar’s new intended cause
of action. The late Mr Choo and his son were sought to be examined in their
capacity as officers of the judgment debtor, the defendant, to determine if
the defendant was owed monies by the late Mr Choo which could then be
garnished from his estate. The analogous situation in the present case would
be examination of the corporate officers of SPL Shipping (and not Star
Pacific) to determine if SPL Shipping was owed monies by Star Pacific which
Manuchar could then garnish. As far as I am aware, there was nothing stopping
Manuchar from taking out examination of judgment debtor proceedings against
SPL Shipping for that purpose.

85 There was a final point that I should address. Ms Leong submitted that the
court in _Leads Engineering_ had enforced the award “so to speak” by taking
out garnishee proceedings against the late Mr Choo who was the defendant’s
alter ego. That submission is correct only to the extent that Ms Leong said
that it was _not_ enforcement of the award _against_ the late Mr Choo (or his
estate) as a third party in the same way that Star Pacific was a third party
to the arbitration (and to the Awards obtained by Manuchar against SPL
Shipping). The discussion of alter ego went only to the question of whether
the late Mr Choo did owe the defendant monies which could be the subject of a
garnishee order.

86 Simply put, there was no decision that the award obtained against the
defendant was enforceable _against_ the late Mr Choo’s estate on the basis
that the estate was the alter ego of the defendant, in that the estate was in
law the award debtor – just as how Star Pacific was sought to be made the
award debtor for the Awards. Thus, it would be more accurate to understand the
examination process as part of an execution process following a court judgment
already obtained against the _defendant_ (as opposed to the late Mr Choo or
his estate) instead of framing the examination of judgment debtor proceedings
as an enforcement of the award against a third party “so to speak”.

A broader consideration of the single economic entity concept

87 Thus far, I have only considered the single economic entity concept in the
context of the narrow question of whether the Awards can be enforced against
Star Pacific under the IAA. This is a question of arbitration law.

88 However, there is a broader question, which is whether the concept of a
single economic entity has wider acceptance under Singapore law as was
submitted by Ms Leong (see [18] above).

89 I begin with the obvious premise that businesses may be structured to take
advantage of any benefit or advantage conferred by law. A basic tenet of
company law in Singapore since _Aron Salomon (Pauper) v A Salomon and Company,
Limited_ [1897] 1 AC 22 (“ _Salomon_ ”) is that a company and its shareholders
are separate legal persons. Save for very limited exceptions, most of which
are statutory, the company has rights and liabilities of its own which are
distinct from those of its shareholders.

90 This basic tenet is the cornerstone of commercial and corporate
transactions, so much so that it has even been said that it cannot be
disregarded on the mere justification that “justice so requires” (see _Adams
and others v Cape Industries plc and another_ [1990] 1 Ch 433 (“ _Adams_ ”) at
536).

91 The law recognises that a company has a _corporate_ legal personality
independent and indeed separate from the legal personalities of its
shareholders. It is not just Singapore law or even the wider common law that
recognises the existence of this distinct corporate legal personality; this is
the position in most advanced legal systems, as observed by Lord Sumption in
_Prest v Petrodel Resources Ltd and others_ [2013] 2 AC 415 (“ _Prest_ ”) at
[17].

92 Because the law allows and treats a company as a separate entity from its
shareholders in the ordinary circumstance, it is perfectly acceptable in many
jurisdictions, including Singapore, for an enterprise to be established (and
carry on business) as a BVI company, with the attendant advantages of non-
transparency of ownership, management and financial position – generally, a
BVI company need not make public details of its shareholders, directors or
financial statements. That the shareholders of a BVI company are unknown or
may not be identified through public means is not relevant to whether a BVI
company has capacity to enter into legal relations; its capacity is derived
not from its shareholders’ legal personalities but from its separate and
distinct corporate legal personality. Why any business person would choose to
contract with, or accept the credit risk of, a BVI company (without extracting
a personal guarantee or other security) is, of course, a separate matter.

93 That said, most legal systems, including Singapore, recognise that there
are limits to the implications of a separate corporate legal personality.
There are, thus, exceptional situations in which the law, by piercing through
the corporate veil that separates the company from its shareholders, _ignores_
the separate legal personalities of the company and its shareholders (see
_Public Prosecutor v Lew Syn Pau and another_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 210 (“ _Lew Syn
Pau_ ”) at [193]).

94 However, leaving aside statutory imperatives, most of which have to do with
tax and competition law purposes, the precise circumstances in which the
courts will pierce the corporate veil under common law are not exactly uniform
or settled in many common law jurisdictions – there is “no common, unifying
principle” as such: see _Briggs v James Hardie & Co Pty Ltd_ (1989) 16 NSWLR
549 at 567; _Prest_ at [75]; _Kosmopoulos v Constitution Insurance Co of
Canada_ [1987] 1 SCR 2 at [12]; _Attorney-General v Equiticorp Industries
Group Ltd (In Statutory Management)_ [1996] 1 NZLR 528 at 541; _Cape Pacific
Ltd v Lubner Controlling Investments (Pty) Ltd_ (1995) 4 SA 790 (A) at
802–803.

95 There is, nevertheless, a general thread that runs through all the
authorities in support of the piercing of the corporate veil: the presence of
abuse. Again, I can do no better than to repeat Lord Sumption’s opinion in his
judgment in _Prest_ (at [27]) that “the recognition of a limited power to
pierce the corporate veil in carefully defined circumstances is necessary if
the law is not to be disarmed in the face of abuse”. As for what amounts to
abuse, Lord Sumption helpfully summarised it as follows (at [34]):

… It may be an abuse of the separate legal personality of a company to use it
to evade the law or to frustrate its enforcement. It is not an abuse to cause
a legal liability to be incurred by the company in the first place. It is not
an abuse to rely upon the fact (if it is a fact) that a liability is not the
controller's because it is the company's. On the contrary, that is what
incorporation is all about. …

96 Plainly, the law eschews disregard of the separate corporate legal
personality of a company except in exceptional circumstances, and only where
there has been some form of abuse. Respect for the separate corporate legal
personality of a company, with the rights and liabilities attached to that
personality, is sacrosanct in nearly every other circumstance.

97 Indeed, the single economic entity concept as argued by Manuchar goes even
further than piercing the corporate veil. Manuchar was not merely seeking to
claim against Star Pacific on the ground that Star Pacific was the mastermind
behind SPL Shipping and because there had been some abuse or impropriety. No
allegation of abuse or impropriety was made in Mr Maas’ affidavit.

98 Rather, Manuchar was relying on the single economic entity concept to
canvass the argument that the law recognises an overarching indivisible group
corporate legal personality that transcends and supersedes all individual
members’ separate corporate legal personalities, and upon which rights and
liabilities of each member of the group can be attached, with the consequence
that the liabilities (and also rights) of a member of the group is shared by
other members of the group _because_ of the shared group corporate legal
personality.

99 In other words, while the movement of liability under the piercing of the
corporate veil doctrine is unidirectional (in the direction of the ultimate
controller, usually the parent), the movement of liability under the concept
of single economic entity argued in this application is multidirectional in
that all members of the group share in the same group corporate personality. A
subsidiary may be made liable for the liabilities of its sister and parent
companies, not because of control, but simply because all these companies
belong to the same corporate group. One for all and all for one.

100 Interestingly, Mr Gary Born, a prominent international disputes
practitioner and commentator, too, takes the view that the “group of
companies” doctrine (at [73] above), which I mentioned earlier is conceptually
similar to the single economic entity (though confined primarily to the
arbitration context), is fundamentally distinct from the other techniques of
disregarding separate legal personality (see _Born_ at p 1449).

101 Apart from the conceptual difficulties I had with the doctrine as stated
above, I was also not persuaded by the case law that the single economic
entity concept was recognised under the common law, or at any rate under
Singapore law.

(1) _Adams_

102 The leading case on the single economic entity concept is _Adams_ , a
decision of the English Court of Appeal. _Adams_ has been cited with approval
on numerous occasions in Singapore (see _eg_ , _Lew Syn Pau_ and _Win Line
(UK) Ltd v Masterpart (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 24 (“
_Win Line_ ”)). The facts there are rather convoluted but it is worth taking
some time to explain the intricacies.

103 The first defendant in that case, Cape, presided over a group of
subsidiary companies engaged in the mining and marketing of asbestos. Cape was
an English company. The group had a subsidiary responsible for marketing in
the US, a US company called NAAC. The group also had a worldwide marketing
subsidiary called Capasco, which was an English company. Some workers in a
factory belonging to the group suffered injuries as a result of exposure to
asbestos dust and consequently sued members of the group in the US. There were
two separate actions of which the first was settled. In relation to the
second, Cape and Capasco took no part in the US proceedings. They were
prepared to let default judgments be entered against them and later resist
enforcement of those judgments in England if enforcement was sought there.

104 Default judgment was then entered and the plaintiffs (bar one) sought to
enforce the default judgment against Cape and Capasco in England. One of the
main issues was whether the US court was entitled to take jurisdiction over
Cape and Capasco. The plaintiffs argued that the US court was so entitled
because Cape and Capasco were present in the US through NAAC and later, by the
creation of two new subsidiaries, AMC, a Liechtenstein company, and CPC, a US
company. Both AMC and CPC were involved in marketing asbestos in the US
although it was not disputed that AMC had no presence in the US at the
material times.

105 At first instance, the High Court held that Cape and Capasco were not
present as the presence of NAAC and CPC in the US and the business carried on
from their respective offices did not constitute the presence of Cape or
Capasco. The plaintiffs then appealed but their appeal was dismissed.

106 The plaintiffs submitted (at 532) that Cape, Capasco and CPC, which
performed the same functions as those previously carried out by NAAC,
constituted a single economic entity and for that reason, CPC’s presence in
the US sufficed to constitute the presence of Cape and Capasco. On that
submission, Slade LJ who delivered the leading judgment for the Court of
Appeal opened (at 532) by referring to Roskill LJ’s exposition in _Albacruz
(Cargo Owners) v Albazero (Owners)_ [1977] 1 AC 774 at 807:

… [E]ach company in a group of companies (a relatively modern concept) is a
separate legal entity possessed of separate legal rights and liabilities so
that the rights of one company in a group cannot be exercised by another
company in that group even though the ultimate benefit of the exercise of
those rights would enure beneficially to the same person or corporate body
irrespective of the person or body in whom those rights were vested in law. It
is perhaps permissible under modern commercial conditions to regret the
existence of these principles. But it is impossible to deny, ignore or disobey
them.

107 A company within a group may enjoy the benefits arising from the exercise
of a right vested in another company, but that did not make the two companies
one legal entity; they remain separate entities. Applying that logic, Slade LJ
therefore held that it was indisputable that each of Cape, Capasco, NAAC and
CPC were in law separate legal entities. The law, he said (at 536), for better
or worse, recognises the creation of subsidiary companies which (though in one
sense are the creatures of their parent companies) would nevertheless fall to
be treated as separate legal entities with all the rights and liabilities
which would normally attach to separate legal entities. The court was not free
to disregard the principle in _Salomon_ merely because it considered that
justice so required.

108 The court could see the force of the submission that the set up and
operations of the Cape group was such that the group was virtually the same as
a partnership in which all the member companies were partners. The court could
even accept that the evidence broadly supported the submission that Cape ran a
single integrated division with little regard to corporate formalities as
between members of the group.

109 However, Slade LJ held (at 538) that the court had “no discretion to
reject the distinction between the members of the group”, a distinction which
in law has been said to be fundamental and cannot be bridged (see _Bank of
Tokyo Ltd v Karoon and Another_ [1987] 1 AC 45 at 64). The distinction Slade
LJ was referring to was, of course, the distinction between separate legal
personalities of each member of the group.

110 Therefore, the flexibility enjoyed by shareholders to manage the business
and liabilities of a company that flows from the principle in _Salomon_
extends to a group of companies. It is entirely within the permissible
boundaries of law for a corporate group to use whatever corporate structures
are available to organise their legal liability in the most advantageous way,
even to the extent of ensuring that legal liability in respect of particular
future activities of the group will fall on a specific member of the group
rather than another or to the group as a whole (see also _China Ocean Shipping
Co v Mitrans Shipping Co Ltd_ [1995] 3 HKC 123 and _Ord and another v Belhaven
Pubs Ltd_ [1998] BCC 607). Whether or not it is desirable, the right to use a
corporate structure in any manner legally permissible is inherent in our
corporate law: see _Adams_ at 544.

(2) _DHN Food_

111 There is an English case, _DHN Food Distributors Ltd v Tower Hamlets
London Borough Council_ [1976] 1 WLR 852 (“ _DHN Food_ ”), which used to be
and is still sometimes cited for the proposition that the law does recognise
in limited circumstances the single economic entity concept (for _eg_ , see
Thomas K Cheng, “The Corporate Veil Doctrine Revisited: A Comparative Study of
the English and the US Corporate Veil Doctrines” (2011) 34 Boston College Int
& Comp L Rev 328 at p 388; and Albert Badia, “Piercing the Veil in Municipal
Law” in _Piercing the Veil of State Enterprises in International Arbitration_
(Albert Badia ed) (Kluwer, 2014) at pp 63–65).

112 In that case, a group of three companies, DHN, Bronze and Transport, all
in voluntary liquidation at the relevant time, were seeking compensation under
the Land Compensation Act 1961 following a compulsory purchase made by the
respondent council. DHN held all the shares in Bronze and Transport. The three
companies were associated in a wholesale grocery business. DHN was the parent
company and owned the business; the land was owned by Bronze; and the vehicles
were owned by Transport. The issue was whether DHN and Transport were entitled
to compensation for disturbance as a result of the compulsory acquisition of
land owned by Bronze by the respondent council. The Lands Tribunal held that
DHN were licensees of Bronze and had no claim to compensation beyond a
negligible sum permitted by statute. DHN appealed and succeeded.

113 Delivering the leading judgment of the English Court of Appeal, Lord
Denning MR had this to say (at 860):

_Third_ , **_lifting the corporate veil_**. ... We all know that in many
respects a group of companies are treated together for the purpose of general
accounts, balance sheet, and profit and loss account. They are treated as one
concern. Professor Gower in  _Modern Company Law_ , 3rd ed (1969), p 216 says:

“there is evidence of a general tendency to ignore the separate legal entities
of various companies within a group, and to look instead at the economic
entity of the whole group.”

This is especially the case when a parent company owns all the shares of the
subsidiaries – so much so that it can control every movement of the
subsidiaries. These subsidiaries are bound hand and foot to the parent company
and must do just what the parent company says. A striking instance is the
decision of the House of Lords in _Harold Holdsworth & Co (Wakefield) Ltd v
Caddies_ [1955] 1 WLR 352 . So here. This group is virtually the same as a
partnership in which all the three companies are partners. They should not be
treated separately so as to be defeated on a technical point. They should not
be deprived of the compensation which should justly be payable for
disturbance. _The three companies should, for present purposes, be treated as
one, and the parent company DHN should be treated as that one. So DHN are
entitled to claim compensation accordingly_. It was not necessary for them to
go through a conveyancing device to get it.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

114 The main concern of the court in _DHN Food_ was identifying the principal
responsible for the business. Judging from the way the business was structured
and ran, the court found that DHN was that principal and DHN should therefore
be entitled to compensation. On a closer reading of the case, I did not think
that any of the judges had advocated a wider, if not wholly new, concept of an
overarching group corporate legal personality – under which rights and
liabilities accrued to and incurred by each member of the group could be
attributed to other members of the group because each member was part of the
single economic entity.

115 Instead of supporting a wider doctrine of single economic entity, _DHN
Food_ can be described as a case of “self-piercing” – piercing the corporate
veil to gain an advantage (for an elaboration of the idea of self-piercing,
see Robert B Thompson, “Piercing the Corporate Veil: An Empirical Study”
(1991) 76 Cornell L Rev 1036). Indeed, as the prefatory words to his reasoning
(at [113] above) strongly suggest, it seemed to me that Lord Denning similarly
considered _DHN Food_ as a case of lifting the corporate veil. He was not
relying on a different concept to find in favour of DHN. Goff LJ, too (at
861–862), saw the court’s reversal of the Land Tribunal’s decision as a
consequence of the corporate veil being pierced.

116 But _DHN Food_ is controversial precisely because the lifting of the
corporate veil element was not all that apparent, even on a closer
examination. Hence, the House of Lords thought it necessary in _Woolfson v
Strathclyde Regional Council_ (1978) 38 P&CR 521 (in rejecting the appellants’
submission (at 525–526) that the three companies in question should be treated
as a single entity “embodied” in one of the three companies) to express
reservations over the Court of Appeal’s application of the piercing of the
corporate veil principle in _DHN Food_.

117 Any glimmer of hope that the single economic entity concept could subsist
under English law was swiftly extinguished.

(3) _Lew Syn Pau_ and _Win Line_

118 There is also local jurisprudence on this issue.

119 Ms Leong in her submissions cited two decisions of the Singapore High
Court, namely, _Lew Syn Pau_ and _Win Line_. Ms Leong cited other cases but I
did not find these to be of direct assistance.

120 I shall begin with _Win Line_ , a decision of Judith Prakash J. The
defendant, Masterpart, chartered a vessel owned by the plaintiff, Win Line.
Under the charterparty, Masterpart was listed as one of the group of companies
of the second defendant, D&M. A dispute over Masterpart’s alleged repudiation
of the charterparty arose and Win Line sued both Masterpart and D&M. One of
the grounds relied on by Win Line against D&M was that Masterpart and D&M were
run as a single corporate entity and were therefore jointly liable for the
breach of the charterparty.

121 Based on my reading of her judgment, Prakash J was obviously alive to the
distinction between the piercing of the corporate veil doctrine and the single
economic entity concept. Her characterisation of Win Line’s submission is
essentially identical to how I understood the Plaintiff’s submission here.
Prakash J said (at [43]–[44]):

The plaintiffs also submitted that the evidence disclosed that Masterpart and
D&M were organised as one economic entity _and for that reason it would be
correct to make D &M responsible for the liabilities nominally incurred by
Masterpart_. That argument is one that has been made in previous cases _to
justify lifting the corporate veil_ that exists between a parent company and
its subsidiaries within the same group. Even in such a situation the argument
has not been well received. …

…

… _[W]hat the plaintiffs wish me to do here is to_** _extend the principle [of
piercing the corporate veil in a group of companies] into a completely
different area and treat two companies which have no common shareholders or
directors as being a single economic unit and thus a single legal unit. I
cannot do this._**

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

122 Prakash J then went on to state that, _in any event_ , Masterpart and D&M
were not a single economic unit on the facts. It may be that Prakash J’s
examination of the facts gave Ms Leong the confidence to submit that _Win
Line_ stands for the proposition that under Singapore law, “two companies can
be found to be a single economic entity in the appropriate circumstances”.

123 I did not read _Win Line_ in this way. It was clear to me that Prakash J
had rejected, as a matter of principle, the submission by Win Line that
liability ought to be found against D&M on the basis that Masterpart and D&M
were part of a single economic entity.

124 Compared to _Win Line_ , the facts of _Lew Syn Pau_ are much further from
the present case. The broad issue in question was whether a company, BIGL, had
committed an offence by giving prohibited financial assistance to a purchaser
for the acquisition of BIGL’s shares. Under the law, a company which is the
target of an intended acquisition is prohibited, subject to certain statutory
exceptions, from directly or indirectly giving any financial assistance for
the purposes of or in connection with the acquisition. The financial
assistance in _Lew Syn Pau_ took the form of a loan by one of BIGL’s
subsidiaries, Compart Mauritius.

125 Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) considered (at [193]) that one way in
which BIGL might be found to have given financial assistance indirectly was if
the corporate veil between BIGL and Compart Mauritius could be pierced _such
that_ the acts of Compart Mauritius were to be treated as the acts of BIGL. I
pause here to highlight again the distinction between the piercing of the
corporate veil concept and the single entity economic entity concept. The
situation in _Lew Syn Pau_ was, as Menon JC rightly characterised, a case of
piercing the corporate veil because what was sought to be done was to
attribute the act of a company to its controller.

126 There was no argument or discussion to the effect that _because_ Compart
Mauritius and BIGL, together with other entities, operated as a single
economic entity, each belonged to that single economic entity with the
consequence that the acts and liabilities of each of the companies in that
entity may be attributed to the other.

127 In deciding whether the corporate veil ought to be pierced, Menon JC noted
(at [195]) the concession by both parties’ counsel that the separate corporate
legal personality principle presented a considerable obstacle to a finding
that the act of Compart Mauritius was to be taken as an act of BIGL.

128 Menon JC nevertheless went on to review a handful of authorities,
including _Win Line_ , at the end of which he concluded (at [202]) that the
ordering of companies within a broader group structure did not mean that one
could dispense with the need to view and understand each entity in the group
as a separate legal entity. I agreed with this statement of principle.

129 Before I leave this discussion on the position under Singapore law, it
should be noted that _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, Revised 3rd Ed, 2009) at para 2.81 opines that the “courts
are _far yet_ from deciding that a group of companies is one super entity
encompassing all the companies within the group” [emphasis added]. As far as I
am aware, cases decided post-2009 (_Win Line_ and _Lew Syn Pau_ were decided
in 1999 and 2006 respectively) have not added very much to this area of
company law.

(4) One-ship companies

130 The law’s take on the legitimacy of one-ship companies provides another
reason why the single economic entity concept has no place in Singapore law.

131 It has been long and well established that one-ship companies are a
legitimate practice for businesses engaged in the shipping business to limit
their liability: see _The “Skaw Prince”_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 146 at [19]; and
_Cavenagh Investment Pte Ltd v Kaushik Rajiv_ [2013] 2 SLR 543 at [41]. While
exceptional circumstances indicating the presence of a façade or a sham may
sometimes warrant the lifting of the corporate veil against a one-ship company
(_Antonio Gramsci Shipping Corporation and others v Stepanovs_ [2011] EWHC
333), the general position that a one-ship company is not liable for losses
caused by a sister ship owned under another company reinforces the _Salomon_
principle (see Francis Rose, “Raising the Corporate Sail” [2013] LMCLQ 565 at
p 577).

132 Thus, it was said in _Chimbusco Pan Nation Petro-Chemical Co Ltd v The
Owners and/or Demise Charterers of the Ship or Vessel “Decurio”_ [2013] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 407 at [68] that:

… notwithstanding the widespread use of one-ship shipowning companies
controlled by a parent company, courts do not as a general course lift the
corporate veil ….

133 If the single economic entity concept were accepted, all such one-ship
companies would be considered as part of the same single economic entity with
the corollary that the liability of a one-ship company may be visited on
several (or all) of its other one-ship sister companies. The existence of
abusive conduct becomes irrelevant because liability can be established by the
mere fact of the existence of a group structure; the piercing of the corporate
veil exception would not even be needed. In short, there would be no place for
the survival of the one-ship companies practice and doctrine which has long
existed and recognised as a legitimate tool for limiting liability.

(5) Others

134 Last but not least, I should mention that as far as I could tell, the
single economic entity concept has not received endorsement under US corporate
law (see Virginia Harper Ho, “Theories of Corporate Groups: Corporate Identity
Reconceived” (2012) Seton Hall L Rev 879 at pp 880–881). A sprinkling of cases
mention (with approval) a similar doctrine loosely described as “enterprise
liability”, but on the whole, my assessment of the cases in the US was that
the single economic entity concept in the context of company law was not
clearly settled.

135 Apart from the Dow Chemical arbitration case which I mentioned in passing
above (see [72] and [73] above), I found that the single economic entity
concept had very little traction in the international arbitration community,
especially outside jurisdictional issues (such as whether a company within the
group is part of the group for the purposes of jurisdiction). I found
particularly helpful the tribunal’s summary in the investment treaty
arbitration case of _CME Czech Republic BV v The Czech Republic_ (Final Award,
dated 14 March 2003 at para 436):

Only in exceptional cases, in particular in competition law, have tribunals or
law courts accepted a concept of a ‘single economic entity’, which allows
discounting of the separate legal existences of the shareholder and the
company, mostly, to allow the joining of a parent of a subsidiary to an
arbitration. Also a ‘company group’ theory is not generally accepted in
international arbitration (although promoted by prominent authorities) and
there are no precedents of which this Tribunal is aware for its general
acceptance. …

136 For all the foregoing reasons, I was not persuaded, on balance, that the
single economic entity concept was recognised at law in Singapore nor was
there a good legal basis to support its recognition.

Conclusion

137 I therefore dismissed the application, though I granted Manuchar’s
application for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal. I awarded costs of
$3,000 in total to Star Pacific, of which $1,000 was for a round of further
arguments pursuant to s 28B of the SCJA (which Manuchar sought after I had
given my decision).

138 In addition, since Mr Ham had consistently insisted on oath that he did
not have the documents anyway, in the interests of saving time and costs and
with the consent of both parties, I gave Mr Ham leave to file an affidavit _as
if_ I had granted Manuchar’s application. This was done but Manuchar remained
unsatisfied because Mr Ham only affirmed that Star Pacific did not have the
documents since 19 July 2010, which was the date that he took over as director
and owner of the company.

139 Finally, in fairness to Manuchar and for the avoidance of doubt, nothing
that I have decided stands in the way of Manuchar commencing action against
Star Pacific on any of the grounds that it had intimated in the course of the
application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Sep 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

