Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chan Tin Sun _v_ Fong Quay Sim  
[2014] SGHC 97

Case Number| :| DT 1835 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 May 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andy Chiok, Kelvin Ho and Vanessa Ho (Michael Khoo &
Partners) for the plaintiff; Wong Chai Kin (Wong Chai Kin) for the defendant  
Parties| :|  Chan Tin Sum — Fong Quay Sim  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 87 of
2014 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 12 November 2014. See [2015] SGCA
2.]

12 May 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff-husband is 74 years old while the defendant-wife is 72 years
old.[note: 1] They were married on 29 March 1977.[note: 2] It was a marriage
of 34 years. Arising from this marriage, they have one son, Chan Vi Chaya
(Chen Weicai), who is 36 years old.[note: 3] He is a veterinarian working in
Hong Kong.[note: 4]

The issues

2 The wife is claiming a fair and equitable division of the matrimonial
assets. She is also asking for lump sum maintenance. The husband, on the other
hand, refuses to give her a share of the matrimonial assets. He also does not
wish to pay her any maintenance. The husband’s main reason for objecting to
the wife’s claims is that she had previously tried to kill him by poisoning
him with arsenic.

Divorce proceedings

3 On 15 April 2011, the husband filed for divorce.[note: 5] The wife, on the
other hand, filed a counterclaim alleging the husband’s unreasonable behaviour
as a ground for divorce.[note: 6]

4 The husband’s ground for divorce is that sometime in 2004, the wife started
to poison him with arsenic.[note: 7] On 27 May 2010, the wife was sentenced to
one year’s imprisonment for causing hurt to the husband by adding arsenic, in
the form of insecticide, into his tea and food, an offence under s 328 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).[note: 8] Consequently, the husband suffered
from arsenic poisoning which caused him to suffer from anaemia and liver
cirrhosis, as noted by Choo Han Teck J in _Fong Quay Sim v Public Prosecutor
and other matters_ [2011] SGHC 187 at [18].

5 The wife’s counterclaim was on the basis that the husband had neglected her
and had also verbally abused her.[note: 9] She was diagnosed to have suffered
from a long history of chronic spousal emotional and verbal abuse.[note: 10]
Her unhappiness with the husband led her to poison him so as to get back at
him.[note: 11]

6 On 15 December 2011, the Family Court granted an interim judgment of divorce
to both the husband and wife on their claim and counterclaim respectively.

Division of matrimonial assets

7 For the division of matrimonial assets, I shall first identify the operative
legal principles that are germane to this case. Thereafter, I shall discuss
the facts together with these axiomatic principles.

Just and equitable principle is the bedrock for the division of matrimonial
assets

8 Section 112(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) prescribes the
just and equitable principle applicable in the division of matrimonial assets:

112(1). The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the grant
of a judgment of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, to order
the division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of any
such asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the sale of
any such asset in such proportions as the court thinks just and equitable.

Section 112(2) of the Women’s Charter also lists a number of non-exhaustive
factors that the court has to take into account in the division of matrimonial
assets:

112(2). It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regard to all
the circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

(a) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(b) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

(c) the needs of the children (if any) of the marriage;

(d) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependant of either party;

(e) any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce;

(f) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(g) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(h) the matters referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

Broad brush approach

9 It has been accepted that the court should adopt a broad-brush approach in
the division of matrimonial assets. In _NI v NJ_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 75, V K Rajah
J (as he then was) held at [18] that:

The division of matrimonial assets is a subject to be approached with a
certain latitude; it calls for the application of sound discretion rather than
a purely rigid or mathematical formula. All relevant circumstances should be
assessed objectively and holistically. Generally speaking, however, when a
marriage ends a wife is entitled to an equitable share of the assets she has
helped to acquire directly or indirectly.

10 The non-mathematical nature of the enquiry is consistent with the broad-
brush approach to the division of matrimonial assets. The Court of Appeal in
_BCB v BCC_ [2013] 2 SLR 324 at [10] has recently reaffirmed the broad-brush
approach to give the court the flexibility to pursue a just and equitable
outcome:

The broad-brush approach is particularly apposite because, in the nature of
things, an approach that is rooted in the forensic search for the actual
financial contributions of the parties towards the acquisition of the assets
will inevitably fail to adequately value the indirect contributions made
towards the other expenses that are incurred in the course of raising a family
and will also be a heavily fact-centric exercise. Moreover, these facts will
typically not be borne out by contemporaneous records, as underscored by the
court in _Soh Chan Soon v Tan Choon Yock_ [1998] SGHC 204 at [6] (cited by
this court in _NK v NL_ , as quoted above at [8] of this judgment). The broad-
based approach also avoids what this court has described as an otherwise
fruitless "mechanistic accounting procedure reflected in the form of an arid
and bloodless balance sheet" that "would be contrary to the letter and spirit
of the legislative scheme" underlying s 112 (see _NK v NL_ at [36], an
observation which was most recently referred to by this court in _AYQ v AYR_
[2013] 1 SLR 476 (“ _AYQ_ ”) at [18]). Indeed, such a broad yet principled
approach enables us to strike a balance between the search for a just and
principled outcome in each case and the need to remain sensitive to the
nuances of each fact situation we are confronted with. We pause to note –
parenthetically – that this is why the Singapore courts have avoided extreme
points of departure. For example, this court has held that there is no
starting point, presumption or norm of an equal division of matrimonial
assets, a holding that is wholly consistent with the legislative background
which resulted in s 112 and its concomitant broad-brush approach (see, for
example, the decision of this court in _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007]
3 SLR(R) 520 at [50]–[58]). Another example – to be considered in a moment –
is the fact that the court will take into account _both_ direct _as well as_
indirect contributions by _both_ parties to the marriage.

11 The courts have always acknowledged the importance of indirect
contributions of the parties, which originates from the wife in a vast
majority of cases, when considering the division of matrimonial assets. The
Court of Appeal, in _AYQ v AYR and another matter_ [2013] 1 SLR 476 at [23],
held that indirect contributions should be quantified with the full benefit of
hindsight, and in a broad manner that does not narrowly focus on specific
classes of assets:

... The court's assessment of a spouse's indirect contribution should thus be
performed with retrospective lenses, looking back and fully appreciating the
entire context and circumstances of the marriage. It should not be done in a
time-specific manner, _ie_ , assessing the extent of indirect contributions of
a spouse as at that specific point in time when a particular matrimonial asset
was acquired. Further, this assessment should not be done in a blinkered
fashion where the court focuses on each individual class of assets and decides
the weightage of a spouse's indirect contribution as regards that particular
asset class, resulting in a situation where varying weights are accorded for
indirect contributions in different matrimonial asset classes. This approach
would accord with the view of the marital enterprise being a partnership of
efforts of both spouses and that, during the course of marriage, the spouses
contribute to the betterment of it in ways that they can without consciously
accounting with mathematical precision as regards the quantum and type of
their respective contributions. ...

I agree with the above observations. As I have stated in _BMJ v BMK_ [2014]
SGHC 14 at [38]:

... Marriage is a unique marital partnership in which parties do not indulge
in “accounting with mathematical precision” during the blissful period of
their marriage. Marriage is a joint enterprise; indirect contributions should
not be filtered through a fine-toothed comb and must be looked at in a broad
manner in order to derive a just and equitable outcome.

Application of the broad-brush approach

12 The broad-brush approach requires the court to take into consideration all
the circumstances of the case, including the direct and indirect contributions
of both parties. In this case, it is not disputed that the husband made
significant direct contributions towards the acquisition of the matrimonial
assets in the course of their 34-year marriage. The properties were purchased
and sold by the husband. The wife did not contribute directly to the purchase
of the matrimonial properties. However, the wife did contribute financially in
other aspects such as towards the education of their son. The wife also made
significant non-financial contributions towards the family.

The husband’s financial contributions

13 The husband was the sole breadwinner of the family. He was a contractor and
had provided financially for the family.[note: 12] He gave $500 per month to
the wife as maintenance before the marriage broke down.[note: 13] The husband
paid for the family’s expenses. He also paid for the son’s education until the
son graduated from Singapore Polytechnic.[note: 14]

The husband’s indirect contributions

14 The husband spent most of his time on his work as a contractor. He said he
would spend time with the family on weekends and major public holidays.

The wife’s financial contributions

15 The wife was a full-time housewife looking after the family which includes
the son and the husband. In 1993, the wife received an inheritance of $80,000
from her late mother. This was used to pay for the son’s extra expenses such
as book costs, transportation costs and fees for extra-curricular activities
while the son was in Singapore Polytechnic and when he was serving National
Service.[note: 15] The wife’s late mother had also given the wife an allowance
of $500 per month until her death in 1993. Part of the allowance received was
also used for the son’s expenses.[note: 16]

16 The wife’s late brother left her a sum of DM309,071 in 1995. She used this
inheritance to pay for the son’s tertiary education in Glasgow University,
United Kingdom, where he pursued a degree in veterinarian medicine.[note: 17]
The wife also received an inheritance of $208,003 from her late brother’s
estate in 1995. She used this to pay for personal and household expenses from
1995 to 2005. The household expenses paid for by the wife include utilities
bills, phone bills, property tax, maid salary and levy, _etc_.[note: 18]

The wife’s indirect contributions

17 The wife made significant indirect non-financial contributions during the
marriage. It is evident that the wife’s indirect contributions far outweigh
the husband’s indirect non-financial contributions. She was a full-time
housewife and she was the primary caregiver of the family. She also assisted
the husband in his business as he is illiterate although this was disputed by
the husband.[note: 19] She also helped him seek financial support from her
mother and family members when he was in need of financial aid.[note: 20]
Despite her efforts, the husband treated her badly. She was emotionally abused
during the marriage.

18 Should the wife’s misconduct of hurting her husband with arsenic be
considered when deciding on a just and equitable division of the matrimonial
assets? The husband argued that the indirect contributions of the wife should
be negated by her attempt to murder him with insecticide such that she should
not obtain a share of the matrimonial assets at all.[note: 21] The husband
also argued that even if she is to obtain a share, it should be substantially
reduced to reflect the court’s disapproval of her conduct.[note: 22] Before I
address the husband’s arguments, I would first like to correct the husband’s
submission that the wife attempted to murder him. Factually, the wife was not
charged for attempted murder but for an offence under s 328 of the Penal Code
for causing hurt to her husband using arsenic. Therefore, the misconduct in
question was the wife’s poisoning of the husband that caused him physical harm
and not any attempt to murder the husband. With the correction of this
erroneous fact, I now proceed to deal with the husband’s submissions.

19 The list of considerations in s 112(2) of the Women’s Charter does not
include the misconduct of a party. This list is not exhaustive and s 112(2)
requires the court “to have regard to all the circumstances of the case”,
which will include any misconduct. However, while considering all the
circumstances of this case, the court must bear in mind that the enquiry is
focussed upon the direct and indirect contributions of both spouses so as to
reach a just and equitable division of matrimonial assets. As stated by Andrew
Phang JA in _NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 (“ _NK v NL_ ”) at [20]:

... The division of matrimonial assets under the [Women’s Charter] is founded
on the prevailing ideology of marriage as an equal co-operative partnership of
efforts. The contributions of both spouses are equally recognised whether he
or she concentrates on the economics or homemaking roles, as both roles must
be performed equally well if the marriage is to flourish. When the marriage
breaks up, these contributions are translated into economic assets in the
distribution according to s 112(2) of the [Women’s Charter]. ...

20 Therefore, I agree with the learned author of _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ vol 11 (LexisNexis, 2006 Reissue, 2006) (“ _Halsbury’s_ ”) at para
130.833 that:

... This factor [the misconduct of either spouse] should be used judiciously
if the assessment of just and equitable proportions is not to become
distorted.

21 It is not the case that any act of misconduct of either spouse would give
rise to a reduction in his or her share of the matrimonial assets. A hearing
for the division of matrimonial assets is not another forum for divorced
spouses to dredge up petty disputes relating to each other’s conduct. In _Ong
Chen Leng v Tan Sau Poo_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 545, the former husband had an
adulterous relationship with another woman for half of the duration of the
marriage. The Court of Appeal, nonetheless, did not give much consideration to
this misconduct when dealing with the division of matrimonial assets: see also
_Halsbury’s_ at para 130.833, fn 7. In my opinion, there must be some nexus
between the misconduct and the contributions of either spouse which is the
focus of the court’s enquiry when deciding on the division of matrimonial
assets. As noted by the Court of Appeal in _NK v NL_ at [11]–[12]:

We note that the proceedings below were chequered by a host of bitter
allegations made by the parties against one another. Accusations of infidelity
and irresponsibility were rampant as each tried to vilify the other while
downplaying their personal indiscretions. In any event, as rightly noted by
the Judge, the alleged adulterous behaviour of both parties, even if true, was
irrelevant to the determination of the ancillaries.

In the light of our current "no fault" basis of divorce law, _it would serve
no purpose to dwell on the question of who did what, save where there might be
a direct impact on the legal issues proper (such as a particular party's
capacity to contribute towards the matrimonial assets or to care for his or
her children)_. Instead, the primary objective of the law is to facilitate
this transitional period of emotional upheaval for all parties concerned, not
least the children. _The salutary objectives sought to be achieved by the
ancillary orders of division of matrimonial assets, maintenance of a former
wife and custody of the children remain paramount in guiding our review of the
Judge's ancillary orders._

[emphasis added]

22 Therefore, I do not accept the husband’s submission that the wife’s act of
poisoning him with arsenic serves to negate all her indirect contributions
such that she should not obtain any share in the matrimonial assets. There is
no relation between her act of poisoning him and her prior indirect
contributions to the family and on this basis, such indirect contributions
must still be recognised.

23 I also do not accept the husband’s submission that this court should reduce
the wife’s share in the matrimonial assets to reflect its disapproval of her
act of poisoning him. This detracts from the objective of this court to reach
a just and equitable distribution of the matrimonial assets. The court’s power
to divide the matrimonial assets between former spouses was never intended to
serve a punitive function. Furthermore, as pointed out by the wife, she has
already received her just deserts by serving one year’s imprisonment for her
act of poisoning him.

24 The husband also relied on the case of _Tan Bee Giok v Loh Kum Yong_ [1996]
1 SLR(R) 130 (“ _Tan Bee Giok_ ”) and the cases cited within to illustrate how
misconduct may be factored into the court’s consideration. However, that case
and the cases it cited dealt with the consideration of misconduct by the court
when dealing with the issue of maintenance and not the division of matrimonial
assets. Therefore they are not applicable here as the underlying principles
concerning maintenance differ from those concerning the division of
matrimonial assets. I shall deal with _Tan Bee Giok_ in the later part of this
judgment when I discuss the issue of maintenance.

25 Nonetheless, I must consider the fact that the poisoning of the husband has
a direct implication on the wife’s indirect contributions in the form of her
caregiver role as regards looking after the husband from 2004 onwards. Instead
of caring for her husband, she caused him harm by poisoning his tea and food.
At that juncture, she was no longer performing the functions of a housewife
with her husband’s interests at heart. It cannot be said that her indirect
contributions towards the family were the same before and after she began
poisoning the husband. Therefore, her indirect contributions towards her
husband declined significantly from 2004. I also note that her son had
graduated with a degree in veterinarian medicine from Glasgow University in
2004 and began working and looking after himself. Hence, the wife’s indirect
contributions towards the family were drastically reduced from 2004 onwards.

26 I do not accept the husband’s submission that the wife’s indirect
contributions towards the family came to an end in 2004 when she started to
poison him. On the facts, the wife continued to contribute towards the family
after 2004 even though she may not have taken good care of the husband. I
emphasise the importance of applying a broad-brush approach in ensuring a just
and equitable division. Even though she poisoned the husband, the court must
still consider the fact that she had contributed in other ways such as keeping
the household in order and paying for other miscellaneous household expenses.
Hence, I must still consider her indirect contributions made to the family
from 2004 onwards although they would be lesser compared to her indirect
contributions made prior to her poisoning the husband.

27 I would also like to mention that by coming to the conclusion that the
wife’s indirect contributions were reduced from 2004 onwards, I am not
punishing the wife for her act of poisoning the husband. I am merely deducing
the appropriate indirect contributions made by her in the course of the
marriage.

How should the matrimonial assets be divided?

Matrimonial assets for division

28 According to the husband, the matrimonial assets that are for division are
as follows:

Matrimonial Asset |  Value  
---|---  
Monies paid into Court following the sale of 30 Dafne Street, Singapore |  $1,906,085.44  
Husband’s CPF Account |   
|  Ordinary account Medisave account Special account |  $238.22 $1,500.06 $12.12  
Wife’s CPF Account |   
|  Ordinary account Medisave account Retirement account |  $83.04 $21.61 $0  
Husband’s OCBC Easisave Account No XXXXXXXX9001 (“OCBC Easisave Account”) |  $192,892.85  
Wife’s DBS Savings Account No XXXXXX1784 (“DBS Savings Account”) |  $322.19  
**Total value of matrimonial assets** |  **$2,101,155.53**  
  
  

9 The wife does not dispute the items listed but she submitted that the
husband has failed to make full and frank disclosure by concealing some of his
assets.

The husband’s offer

The husband is unwilling to give a share of the matrimonial assets to the wife
because she poisoned him with arsenic. Alternatively, he is only prepared to
give her 20% if the court is minded to apportion part of the matrimonial
assets in the wife’s favour.

The wife’s counterclaim

30 The wife, on the other hand, submitted that she is deserving of a share of
50% of the matrimonial assets. She further submitted that this court should
draw an adverse inference against the husband as he had concealed some of his
assets. She argued that she should be awarded a further 10% of the matrimonial
assets on this basis. Thus she is making a counterclaim amounting to a total
of 60% of the matrimonial assets.

Review of cases on division of matrimonial assets

31 I shall first deal with the division of matrimonial assets in the absence
of any adverse inference drawn. In the husband’s submissions, he acknowledges
that the case precedents suggest that for marriages of 17 to 35 years with
children, the proportion awarded ranged from 35% to 50%. The husband cited the
case of _Chan Yuen Boey v Sia Hee Soon_ [2012] 3 SLR 402 (“ _Chan Yuen Boey_
”). In that case, Steven Chong J (as he then was) reviewed the past cases and
came to the conclusion that “the proportion awarded to homemaker wives who
have made modest financial contributions for marriages lasting 17 to 35 years
with children ranged between 35% to 50% of the total matrimonial assets”. At
[34] to [35], the learned judge said:

From my review of the cases, the proportion awarded to homemaker wives who
have made modest financial contributions for marriages lasting 17 to 35 years
with children ranged between 35% to 50% of the total matrimonial assets (see
_ZD v ZE_ [2008] SGHC 225, _Tan Cheng Guan v Tan Hwee Lee_ [2011] 4 SLR 1148,
_AXC v AXD_ [2012] SGHC 15, _Wong Ser Wan v Ng Cheong Ling_ [2006] 1 SLR(R)
416, _Yow Mee Lan v Chen Kai Buan_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 659, _Rosaline Singh v
Jayabalan Samidurai_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 457 and _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 ("_Lock Yeng Fun_ ")). Where the wife also worked and
supported the family financially, the courts have not hesitated to award her
up to 60% of the total assets (see _Lim Choon Lai v Chew Kim Heng_ [2001] 2
SLR(R) 260 and _Tan Bee Bee v Lim Kim Chin_ [2004] SGHC 242 ("_Tan Bee Bee_
")).

The exceptions, where the apportionment in favour of the wife was less than
35%, typically concerned cases where the total pool of matrimonial assets had
been very substantial, in excess of $100m (see, _Ng Ngah Len @ Datin Sandra
Kuah v Kuah Tian Nam @ Dato Peter Kuah_ [2003] SGHC 109 ("_Ng Ngah Len_ ") and
_Yeo Chong Lin (CA)_). In those exceptional situations, the apportionment to
the wife had been, in absolute terms, substantial.

32 One case cited in _Chan Yuen Boey_ is of particular relevance. In _ZD v ZE
and Another_ [2008] SGHC 225 (“ _ZD v ZE_ ”), the wife in a marriage which
lasted 17 years was awarded 40% of the matrimonial assets. There were three
children whom she took care of and she also worked in the husband’s companies
doing accounts. As she was a homemaker, her direct contributions amounted to
only 6% of the matrimonial assets.

33 There is another case not cited in _Chan Yuen Boey_ that is of relevance.
In _Pang Rosaline v Chan Kong Chin_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 935 (“ _Pang Rosaline_ ”),
the marriage lasted for 32 years and there were children. The trial judge
divided one of two matrimonial properties in the proportion of 80:20 in favour
of the husband. This was varied by the Court of Appeal to 60:40 in favour of
the husband. The Court of Appeal held at [25] as follows:

Bearing the above principles in mind, we were of the view that a “just and
equitable” division of both the Neptune Court property as well as the Sennett
Road property pursuant to s112(1) of the Act would (having regard to all the
circumstances) be in the ratio of 40% to the wife and 60% to the husband. In
the circumstances, we varied the order of the court below to reflect this
decision (_viz_ , that the Neptune Court property also be apportioned in the
ratio of 40% to the wife and 60% to the husband, instead of 20% to the wife
and 80% to the husband as the Judge had originally ordered in the court
below). In this regard, and by way of recapitulation, _we bore in mind, in
particular, the fact that the wife had in fact made indirect contributions to
the marriage as well as the fact that she had in fact contributed (albeit in a
much smaller proportion) towards the direct financing of the Neptune Court
property_ (we pause to observe, parenthetically, that, if these additional
reasons were not taken into account, the Judge’s decision with respect to the
Neptune Court property would, in fact, have been rather generous). In arriving
at our decision, _we also bore in mind the husband’s indirect contributions_
(see also _NK v NL_ ([21] supra) at [37]) as well as the fact that he had
contributed significantly more towards the direct financing of the Sennett
Road property.

[emphasis added]

Division of matrimonial assets

34 In this case, the marriage lasted 34 years with one child. The husband was
the main financial provider of the family. The matrimonial assets in the form
of investments in properties were through the sole efforts of the husband.
Unlike the homemaker wives in _ZD v ZE_ and _Pang Rosaline_ , the wife here
did not directly contribute to the purchase of the matrimonial properties.
However, the wife had made significant financial contributions towards the
family in other ways such as financing the son’s tertiary education. I bear in
mind that the wife had made important indirect non-financial contributions to
the family in her role as a homemaker over a long period of time. However, I
am also mindful of the fact that the indirect non-financial contributions of
the wife from 2004 onwards (7 years) were substantially lesser than that
before 2004 (27 years).

35 Section 112(2) of the Women’s Charter requires the court to consider all
the circumstances of the case as well as the factors listed therein.
Furthermore, under s 112(2)(h), the court is required to have regard to the
factors listed in s 114(1) in so far as they are relevant. Section 114(1)(b)
expects the court to have regard to “the financial needs … which each of the
parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future”.
Bearing this in mind, I note that the husband is in poor health largely
because of the wife’s arsenic poisoning. He will require a variety of medical
care in the future which will likely be costly.

36 Therefore, in the absence of any adverse inference drawn, a just and
equitable division will be to award the wife 35% and the husband 65% of the
following matrimonial assets:

(a) money paid into court following the sale of 30 Dafne Street which amounts
to $1,906,085.44; and

(b) the sum of $192,892.85 in the husband’s OCBC Easisave Account.

37 Each party will retain their respective assets in the CPF accounts. The
wife will retain the money in her DBS Savings Account.

38 With this proportion of 65:35 in favour of the husband in mind, I shall
consider the wife’s submission for an adverse inference to be drawn against
the husband for his concealment of some of his assets.

Drawing of adverse inference

39 The wife urged the court to draw an adverse inference against the husband
as he had not made full and frank disclosure of all the matrimonial assets.
The law on drawing adverse inferences is succinctly stated in the Court of
Appeal decision of _Koh Bee Choo v Choo Chai Huah_ [2007] SGCA 21 at [28]:

... We consider that the trial judge was correct in rejecting the Wife’s plea
to do so. It is well established that in order for a court to draw an adverse
inference, there must, in the first place, be some substratum of evidence that
establishes a _prima facie_ case against the person against whom the inference
is to be drawn. In addition, it must be shown that the person against whom the
inference is to be drawn has some particular access to the information he is
said to be hiding (perhaps because it is peculiarly within his knowledge). In
other words, the court’s ability to draw an adverse inference does not and
cannot displace the legal burden of proof that continues to lie with the
plaintiff, or, as in this appeal, the Wife.

40 The wife alleged that the husband was not truthful in the disclosure of his
assets pertaining to his bank accounts and the sale of several properties
during their marriage. She submitted that he had not accounted for large sums
of money which were withdrawn from his OCBC Easisave Account and his OCBC
Current Account (Account No XXXXXXXX2001) (“OCBC Current Account”) and for the
sale proceeds arising from the sale of matrimonial properties. After
considering the evidence, I am of the view that the husband had failed to made
full and frank disclosure for the reasons given below.

Husband’s OCBC Easisave Account

41 There was an initial dispute as to the amount stated by the husband in his
OCBC Easisave Account. The husband indicated the balance in this account as
$192,892.85 while the wife stated that it was $412,738.94. The parties
clarified that the apparent difference was due to the different times at which
the balance in the OCBC Easisave Account was taken. The husband indicated that
the balance of $192,892.85 provided by him was the balance as at 11 August
2012. The wife took the balance as at 31 March 2012 when the amount was
$412,738.94.

42 It is not disputed that large sums amounting to $832,737.50 were withdrawn
from this account from 23 November 2009 to 16 July 2012.[note: 23] These
withdrawals were mostly made via cash cheques. The husband alleged that these
were used for his medical and personal expenses. However, he could only
produce medical bills totalling $127,833.47.[note: 24] He claimed that his
wife had taken many of the other receipts and that he had actually spent close
to $200,000 on medical expenses.[note: 25] However, the burden of proof is on
the husband to show that the receipts were in the wife’s possession. No such
evidence is produced before the court. Furthermore, he could have obtained
such receipts from the hospitals or clinics he had visited, or alternatively,
sought discovery from the wife. Therefore, only a sum of $127,833.47 can be
accounted for by way of medical expenses and there remains a sum of
$704,904.03 unaccounted for.

43 The husband further added that he had invested a large portion of those
monies on oil and gas in Indonesia. These investments were purportedly made by
the husband in the name of his maid, Eny Rahayu. He claimed that the maid had
drugged him with sleep medication at the end of December 2012 and left with
all the documentation relating to the investments. The maid could not be
found. The husband purportedly had his niece contact the police and police
officers from Bedok Police Division visited him to enquire about the
incident.[note: 26] These are all bare assertions which are not supported by
any credible evidence.

44 The husband has only adduced evidence in the form of his passport which
shows that he had travelled to Indonesia frequently and an Indonesian ATM
card. The trips to Indonesia prove nothing and could have very well been for
leisure purposes. This can be gleaned from the photographs adduced by the wife
showing the husband posing intimately with the maid at informal venues in
Indonesia.[note: 27] As for the Indonesian ATM card, I agree with the wife
that in the absence of any bank statements (which the husband should have
provided), it does not prove the husband’s assertions in any way. I find that
the husband has failed to prove his assertion that he had invested part of
$832,737.50 on oil and gas in Indonesia on a balance of probabilities.

45 Lastly, the husband also alleged that he had spent part of the monies
withdrawn on personal expenses and maid expenses.[note: 28] He has adduced no
evidence to prove this and I do not accept his assertions. In any event, based
on his own affidavit of assets and means, his personal monthly expenses
(inclusive of the maid’s salary) add up to $1,842 per month.[note: 29] Given
that there are approximately 32 months between 23 November 2009 and 16 July
2012, the total amount expended on him and the maid during that period should
only be an estimated $58,944 ($1,842 per month x 32 months). This would mean
that even if I believe the husband on this point, there would still be a sum
of $645,960.04 that remains unaccounted for.

46 Therefore, I find that the husband had not adequately accounted for a
substantial portion of the $832,737.50 withdrawn by him between 23 November
2009 and 16 July 2012 from the OCBC Easisave Account.

Husband’s OCBC Current Account

47 The wife further alleged that the husband’s OCBC Current Account had a sum
of $623,556.71 in November 2009. The husband argued that the wife was mistaken
as the balance was marked in the bank statement as “DR”. This means that this
is a debit entry which is attributable to the husband’s overdraft. I notice
that there was a large deposit on 23 November 2009 for the sum of $632,131.00
to clear the debit entry in this account.[note: 30] The husband explained that
the overdraft was a result of the purchase of 30 Dafne Street on 4 February
2008 and it was satisfied using the proceeds from the sale of 22G Jalan Ulu
Siglap.[note: 31] The husband has adduced evidence in the form of the
completion account for 22G Jalan Ulu Siglap and the conveyancing lawyers’
letters to show that cashier’s orders were indeed made in favour of OCBC to
satisfy the outstanding amount in the overdraft account. I see no reason to
disbelieve the husband on this and I accept his explanation.

Sale of 22G Jalan Ulu Siglap

48 The wife also took issue with the sale proceeds of 22G Jalan Ulu Siglap.
She alleged that the sale proceeds should be $1,013,072.20 and not
$1,057,541.22.[note: 32] The husband’s bank statement shows that $1,057,541.22
was deposited into his OCBC Easisave Account on 20 November 2009.[note: 33]
The wife’s only contention was that the completion date for the sale of this
property was on 20 November 2009.[note: 34] The wife is of the belief that the
money could not have been deposited on the same day as shown in the husband’s
bank statement. The earliest possible date would be the next day. Hence, she
came to the conclusion that the sale proceeds of 22G Jalan Ulu Siglap was
unaccounted for.

49 The wife has adduced no evidence to show that the earliest possible date
money would be deposited pursuant to a cashier’s order is the following day.
It is only the wife’s personal belief and I am not inclined to accept it.
Furthermore, I am satisfied by the completion account adduced by the husband,
which shows that the proceeds to be received by him amounted to
$1,057,541.22.[note: 35] I do not think there is any failure on the husband’s
part in accounting for the sale proceeds of 22G Jalan Ulu Siglap.

Sale of several matrimonial properties

50 The wife alleged that the husband had sold six properties from 1992 to 2009
(excluding 30 Dafne Street). The husband admitted that in the course of their
34-year marriage he had bought and sold the following properties:[note: 36]

S/No |  Property |  Amount sold for and date sold  
---|---|---  
1. |  Lippo Factory #02-01 |  Sold for $260,000 on 30 April 1992  
2. |  Block 208 Eastern Lagoon #05-01 |  Sold for $740,000 on 5 July 1996  
3. |  216-3 Syed Alwi Road  |  Sold for $860,000 on 29 November 2006  
4. |  29 Roberts Lane and 29A Roberts Lane |  Sold for $1,115,000 on 25 September 2007  
5. |  22F Jalan Ulu Siglap |  Sold for $1,250,000 on 10 March 2007  
6. |  22G Jalan Ulu Siglap |  Sold for $1,720,000 on 20 November 2009  
7. |  30 Dafne Street |  Sold for $1,915,000 (Bought for $990,000 on 4 February 2008)  
  
  

51 The total sale proceeds amount to about $6m. The husband alleged that these
properties were sold with massive loans outstanding and some of the properties
were even sold at a loss. I noticed that these were assertions made without
any proof. He has failed to produce any accounts regarding the sale and
purchase transactions of those properties.

52 Nonetheless, in considering these properties, it would be too simplistic to
look at the total sale proceeds alone. The husband may have used the proceeds
arising from the sale of one property to purchase the next property, just as
how he had used the sale proceeds from 22G Jalan Ulu Siglap to satisfy the
overdraft incurred from the purchase of 30 Dafne Street.

53 The most obvious failure of the husband in making full and frank disclosure
arises from his failure to account for $704,904.03 out of the total sum of
$832,737.50 that was withdrawn from the OCBC Easisave Account from 23 November
2009 to 16 July 2012.

54 I would also like to note that the husband has also made allegations that
the wife had “siphoned” moneys from him. I am not inclined to believe these
bare assertions as they are not supported by any credible evidence at all.

What action can the court take when it decides to draw an adverse inference?

55 In _NK v NL_ , the Court of Appeal was also faced with the situation in
which it was justified to draw an adverse inference against the husband. The
court in that case did not increase the notional amount of assets in the non-
disclosing party’s name, but instead, increased the proportion of assets given
to the other party. The Court of Appeal held at [62] that:

Although we have drawn an adverse inference against the husband in the present
case in so far as the discrepancy in his declared assets is concerned, we note
that the amount concerned is large (approximately $2.7m) and (more
importantly) we have been given no explanation as to what has happened to this
particular amount. In the circumstances, it might be more just and equitable
(not to mention, practical) to order a higher proportion of the _known_ assets
to be given to the wife. This would also give effect (albeit in a more general
fashion) to the adverse inference which this court has drawn against the
husband.

56 The husband has similarly failed to account for what happened to the
$704,904.03 withdrawn from the OCBC Easisave Account. Hence, I am inclined to
award the wife an additional 7% over and above her 35% share of the
matrimonial assets. The final division of the matrimonial assets shall be in
the proportion of 58:42 in favour of the husband.

Maintenance of the wife

57 On the issue of maintenance of the wife, I have to decide whether she
should be given maintenance. If the answer is yes, I then have to determine
the appropriate and just amount for her maintenance.

The Husband’s stand on the wife’s request for maintenance

58 The husband first submitted that the wife should not receive any
maintenance as a result of her malicious act of poisoning him with arsenic.
However, the husband submitted in the alternative that should the court be
inclined to award maintenance to the wife, it should only be for a period of
three years. He acknowledged that the request for maintenance of $980 per
month in the wife’s affidavit of assets and means[note: 37] is reasonable.
However, he submitted that the wife has been receiving monthly allowances from
their son. Furthermore, the wife had led a frugal lifestyle and he had been
giving her $500 per month as maintenance during the marriage. Thus, the amount
of maintenance to be awarded should be $500 per month for a period of three
years. On this basis, the lump sum maintenance should only be $18,000.

The wife’s claim for maintenance

59 The wife, on the other hand, is seeking a lump sum maintenance of $200,000.
She is now 72 years old. Since her release from prison in 2012, the husband
refused to allow her to return to the matrimonial home and stopped providing
her any form of maintenance. Thus, she is seeking maintenance in arrears of
three years and future maintenance for the next 13 years. The duration for
future maintenance is calculated on the basis that the life expectancy of
women in Singapore is 85 years old and that the wife is 72 years old now, the
difference being 13 years. She denies the husband’s allegation that their son
has been giving her a monthly allowance. She is seeking a lump sum maintenance
of $200,000. This is calculated at $1,000 per month for 16 years, _ie_
$192,000, which is rounded up to $200,000.

Could the court take the conduct of the wife’s act of arsenic poisoning into
consideration on the issue of maintenance?

60 In relation to the ordering of maintenance of a wife or former wife, s
114(2) of the Women’s Charter provides that:

In exercising its powers under this section, the court shall endeavour so to
place the parties, so far as it is practicable and, _having regard to their
conduct_ , just to do so, in the financial position in which they would have
been if the marriage had not broken down and each had properly discharged his
or her financial obligations and responsibilities towards the other.

[emphasis added]

61 Hence, the conduct (or misconduct in this case) of the parties can be taken
into consideration. Nonetheless, it is only one of the many factors, such as
those listed in s 114(1) of the Women’s Charter, that the court must consider.
As in the case of the division of matrimonial assets discussed above (at
[22]–[23]), the factor relating to the misconduct of either spouse should be
used judiciously and should only be seriously considered if it has a direct
impact on the legal issues proper. Bearing this in mind, I consider the case
of _Wachtel v Wachtel_ [1973] Fam 72 which deals with the consideration of a
party’s misconduct when deciding the issue of maintenance. Lord Denning MR in
delivering the judgment of the English Court of Appeal held at 90:

It has been suggested that there should be a “discount” or “reduction” in what
the wife is to receive because of her supposed misconduct, guilt or blame
(whatever word is used). We cannot accept this argument. In the vast majority
of cases it is repugnant to the principles underlying the new legislation, and
in particular the Act of 1969\. There will be many cases in which a wife
(though once considered guilty or blameworthy) will have cared for the home
and looked after the family for very many years. Is she to be deprived of the
benefit otherwise to be accorded to her by section 5 (1) (f) because she may
share responsibility for the breakdown with her husband? There will no doubt
be a residue of cases where the conduct of one of the parties is in the
judge's words, ante, p. 80C–D, “both obvious and gross,” so much so that to
order one party to support another whose conduct falls into this category is
repugnant to anyone's sense of justice. In such a case the court remains free
to decline to afford financial support or to reduce the support which it would
otherwise have ordered. But, short of cases falling into this category, the
court should not reduce its order for financial provision merely because of
what was formerly regarded as guilt or blame. To do so would be to impose a
fine for supposed misbehaviour in the course of an unhappy married life. Mr.
Ewbank disputed this and claimed that it was but justice that a wife should
suffer for her supposed misbehaviour. We do not agree. Criminal justice often
requires the imposition of financial and indeed custodial penalties. But in
the financial adjustments consequent upon the dissolution of a marriage which
has irretrievably broken down, the imposition of financial penalties ought
seldom to find a place.

62 This has been further discussed in _Harnett v Harnett_ [1973] Fam 156,
where Bagnall J commented at 165 that:

It will not be just to have regard to conduct unless there is a very
substantial [display] between the parties on that score. Ormrod J. and the
Court of Appeal in _Wachtel v Wachtel_ [1973] Fam. 72 used the phrase “obvious
and gross.” In this phrase I think that “gross” describes the conduct;
“obvious” describes the clarity or certainty with which it is seen to be
gross. But the conduct of both parties must be considered. If the conduct of
one is substantially as bad as that of the other, then it matters not how
gross that conduct is; they will weigh equally in the balance. In my view to
satisfy the test the conduct must be obvious and gross in the sense that the
party concerned must be plainly seen to have wilfully persisted in conduct, or
a course of conduct, calculated to destroy the marriage in circumstances in
which the other party is substantially blameless. ...

63 These two cases, which are relied on by the husband, were considered by G P
Selvam J in _Tan Bee Giok_. Selvam J went on to state at [25] that if both
parties were substantially responsible for the breakdown of the marriage, it
would be unnecessary to review the conduct of the parties:

In applying the rule the court must take into consideration not only the
conduct of the wife but also that of the husband. If both parties are to blame
for the breakdown, no useful purpose would be served in asking the parties to
rehearse the bitterness and recriminations which were brought to an end by the
divorce.

64 I agree with the principle laid down by Selvam J and the English cases in
relation to the consideration of the misconduct of either party. In this case,
the wife’s poisoning of the husband could be said to have substantially caused
the breakdown of the marriage. However, I also note that the husband cannot be
said to be substantially blameless. It was found by the Criminal Court that
sentenced the wife to one year’s imprisonment for her act of poisoning the
husband that she was trying to get back at her husband as a result of the
husband’s behaviour. She was found to have suffered from a long history of
chronic spousal emotional and verbal abuse which the Family Court recognised
as a ground for divorce when she was granted an interim judgment. The husband
referred this court to the wife’s confession to the police that she had wanted
to make the husband “suffer in pain by poisoning him with the ‘AntiAnt’
powder”.[note: 38] In this same confession, the wife explained why she did it:
[note: 39]

... I told the recorder that I did that as I could not tolerate my husband’s
acts of violence towards me as he had physically and mentally abused me in all
of our 31 years of marriage. ...

...

At the end of 2004, I totally broke down and one day when I returned from the
beach, I was so stressful thinking about my life. I had intended to commit
suicide in fact. But then again, I was also very frustrated with my husband
who without fail scolded me day and night for nothing. ...

65 Nonetheless, the wife reacted in a grossly disproportionate manner by
resorting to poisoning the husband. I find myself unable to turn a blind eye
to the wife’s malicious act in arriving at the proper sum of maintenance to be
awarded. Her conduct must result in a lower sum of maintenance being ordered.
She should have divorced the husband earlier on instead of resorting to
poisoning him.

Conditions of both parties

66 In any event, the direct consequence of the poisoning of the husband is his
deterioration in health which must be considered. The husband was hospitalised
several times from 2004 to 2009. He is now having difficulty walking and
eating. There were stages when the husband nearly died. The husband said he
now has the following medical conditions due to the arsenic poisoning:[note:
40]

(a) gastric ulcer;

(b) decompensated liver cirrhosis;

(c) sepsis;

(d) acute renal failure;

(e) arsenic-induced squamous cell carcinoma (cancer);

(f) pneumonia;

(g) acute on chronic arsenic poisoning with arsenic keratosis;

(h) peripheral neropathy;

(i) benign prostatic hyperthrophy;

(j) pancreatic cyst;

(k) chronic obstructive airway disease;

(l) widespread hyperkeratotic plaques; and

(m) asteatotic eczema.

67 As discussed above at [42], the husband has spent $127,833.47 on his
medical bills from 23 November 2009 to 16 July 2012. The husband will continue
to incur such medical expenses. The husband is now 74 years old with no
income. He also needs a full-time caregiver to help him with his daily
activities. Therefore, as a result of the poisoning by the wife and the
consequent deterioration in the husband’s health, I must consider the
husband’s financial needs in terms of added medical expenses and physical
disabilities as required by s 114(b) and s 114(e) of the Women’s Charter
respectively. This will go towards a lower maintenance sum being ordered for
the wife. Although the wife is old as well, she is not plagued by the health
problems that the husband is suffering from.

Maintenance award

68 Taking all factors into consideration, I am inclined to award the wife a
lump sum maintenance of $18,000, calculated at 3 years x 12 months x $500 per
month. I shall not make an order for arrears of maintenance as I am of the
view that this lump sum maintenance is adequate and fair.

Conclusion

69 In summary, the wife will receive 42% of the following matrimonial assets:

(a) money paid into court following the sale of 30 Dafne Street which amounts
to $1,906,085.44; and

(b) the sum of $192,892.85 in the husband’s OCBC Easisave Account.

70 Each party will retain their respective assets in the CPF accounts. The
wife will retain the money in her DBS Savings Account.

71 The wife will receive a lump sum maintenance of $18,000.

72 There will be no order as to costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Defendant’s Written Submissions, at para 1.

[note: 2]Statement of Claim for Divorce, at para 1.

[note: 3]Statement of Claim for Divorce, at para 4.

[note: 4]Defendant’s Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at para 3(e).

[note: 5]Statement of Claim for Divorce.

[note: 6]Defendant’s Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1).

[note: 7]_Public Prosecutor v Fong Quay Sim_ [2010] SGDC 189 at [1] upheld in
[2011] SGHC 187.

[note: 8]_Public Prosecutor v Fong Quay Sim_ [2010] SGDC 224 upheld in [2011]
SGHC 187.

[note: 9]Defendant’s Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 3(a)–(c).

[note: 10]Defendant’s Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at para 3(g).

[note: 11]_Public Prosecutor v Fong Quay Sim_ [2010] SGDC 224 at [6].

[note: 12]Plaintiff’s 2nd AOM, at para 13.

[note: 13]Plaintiff’s 2nd AOM, at para 5 and Defendant’s 1st AOM, at para
18(c).

[note: 14]Plaintiff’s 2nd AOM, at para 6.

[note: 15]Defendant’s 1st AOM, at para 18(h).

[note: 16]Defendant’s 1st AOM, at para 18(c).

[note: 17]Defendant’s 1st AOM, at para 18(d).

[note: 18]Defendant’s 1st AOM, at para 18(f).

[note: 19]Defendant’s 2nd AOM, at para 11.

[note: 20]Defendant’s 1st AOM, at para 18, p 8 (2nd and 3rd paragraphs).

[note: 21]Plaintiff’s Submissions, at paras 14 and 26.

[note: 22]Plaintiff’s Submissions, at para 26.

[note: 23]Plaintiff’s 4th Affidavit, para 10(8) and Defendant’s AM Fact and
Position Sheet, p 2 (although she omits the sums of $8,600 and $3,000 in her
list).

[note: 24]Plaintiff’s 2nd AOM, CTS-3 (from p 14–17).

[note: 25]Plaintiff’s 4th Affidavit, para 10(10).

[note: 26]Plaintiff’s 3rd AOM, at paras 19–21.

[note: 27]Defendant’s 4th AOM, at pp 8–12.

[note: 28]Plaintiff’s 4th AOM, at para 10(11).

[note: 29]Plaintiff’s 1st AOM, at para 11.

[note: 30]Plaintiff’s 3rd AOM, at p 59.

[note: 31]Plaintiff’s 3rd AOM, at para 9, pp 74 and 78-79.

[note: 32]Defendant’s Submissions, at para 2(iv).

[note: 33]Plaintiff’s 3rd AOM, at p 19.

[note: 34]Plaintiff’s 3rd AOM, at pp 78–79.

[note: 35]Plaintiff’s 3rd AOM, at p 74.

[note: 36]See Plaintiff’s Submissions, para 3 (all pinpoint citations to
affidavit are there)

[note: 37]Defendant’s 1st AOM, at para 13.

[note: 38]Plaintiff’s submission at p 14.

[note: 39]Plaintiff’s submissions at p 14.

[note: 40]Plaintiff’s 2nd AOM, at p 11.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 May 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

