Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Beluga Chartering GmbH (in liquidation) and others _v_ Beluga Projects
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and another(deugro (Singapore) Pte Ltd,
non-party)  
[2014] SGCA 14

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 45 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; V K Rajah JA; Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sim Kwan Kiat and Ang Siok Chen (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
the appellants; Goh Yeow Kiang Victor (liquidator-in-person) for the first
respondent; Beverly Wee, Christopher Eng and Pruetihipunthu Tris Xavier
(Official Receiver's Office) for the second respondent; Bala Chandran s/o A
Kandiah (Mallal & Namazie) for the non-party; Professor Yeo Tiong Min SC as
amicus curiae.  
Parties| :|  Beluga Chartering GmbH (in liquidation) and others — Beluga
Projects (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and another(deugro (Singapore)
Pte Ltd, non-party)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 2 SLR 1035.]

26 February 2014|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an appeal against parts of the decision of the learned Judicial
Commissioner (“the Judge”) in Summons No 3435 of 2012 (“SUM 3435/2012”). The
first appellant, a company incorporated in Germany, went into liquidation. It
had certain assets in Singapore though the Judge found that it did not carry
on business here. The central issue was whether its Singapore assets were to
be remitted to the liquidators in Germany or whether they should be held to
satisfy the claims of creditors in Singapore. The answer to this depended in
large part on whether s 377(3)(_c_) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”) applies to a foreign company that is in liquidation, even where it
is not registered under s 368 of the Act and has not established a place of
business or carried on business here. Section 377(3)(_c_) establishes a scheme
for any local assets to be applied first to satisfy debts and liabilities
incurred in Singapore before any residual amount is remitted to the foreign
liquidator. The Judge held that s 377(3)(_c_) applied to the first appellant
and ordered that the company’s assets be applied towards the payment of a
judgment debt incurred in Singapore. The Judge’s decision is reported as
_Beluga Chartering GmbH (in liquidation) v Beluga Projects (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(in liquidation) and another (Deugro (Singapore) Pte Ltd, non-party)_ [2013] 2
SLR 1035 (“the GD”)

2 After hearing the parties and the _amicus curiae_ Professor Yeo Tiong Min
_SC_ (“Prof Yeo”), we allowed the appeal and held that s 377(3)(_c_) did not
apply to a foreign company such as the first appellant, which was not
registered under the Act and did not carry on business or have a place of
business here. We ordered that its assets in Singapore be remitted to its
liquidators in Germany. We now give the reasons for our decision.

Background facts

3 The facts are comprehensively set out in the GD, and we summarise only the
material background facts to the extent they help in providing the context for
the legal issues discussed in these grounds.

The parties to the dispute

4 The first appellant, Beluga Chartering GmbH (in liquidation) (“Beluga
Chartering”), is a company incorporated under the laws of Germany. It was the
ship chartering arm of the Beluga group of companies (“the Beluga Group”). Mr
Chee Yoh Chuang and Mr Abuthahir Abdul Gafoor, who are the Singapore
liquidators of Beluga Chartering, are the second and third appellants (see
further at [12] below). We refer to them in these grounds as “the Singapore
Liquidators”.

5 The respondents, Beluga Projects (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Beluga Singapore”)
and Beluga Chartering Asia Pte Ltd (“Beluga Asia”) (hereafter referred to
collectively as “the Singapore Subsidiaries”), are companies incorporated in
Singapore and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Beluga Chartering.

6 Beluga Singapore acted as Beluga Chartering’s exclusive mercantile agent for
Southeast Asia and Western Australia. Beluga Asia acted as Beluga Chartering’s
exclusive shipping agent. Beluga Chartering financed the setting up and
operations of the Singapore Subsidiaries.

7 The non-party, deugro (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“deugro Singapore”), is a company
incorporated in Singapore. deugro Singapore owed Beluga Chartering
$1,587,294.31 (“the deugro Debt”). Part of this sum was for work done by the
Singapore Subsidiaries on behalf of Beluga Chartering. The deugro Debt is
Beluga Chartering’s only asset in Singapore.[note: 1] Beluga Chartering in
turn owed deugro Singapore €502,600 (“the deugro Liability”). This debt arose
out of a contractual obligation owed by Beluga Chartering to deugro Danmark
A/S (“deugro Denmark”) to perform five voyages from Vietnam to Scotland
pursuant to a booking note dated 5 January 2011. Beluga Chartering was unable
to perform four of the five voyages as a result of which deugro Denmark
claimed to have suffered damages amounting to €502,600. Upon Beluga Chartering
informing deugro Denmark that it was unable to fulfil its remaining
obligations due to pending insolvency proceedings, deugro Denmark invoiced
Beluga Chartering for this amount and subsequently assigned this debt to
deugro Singapore.[note: 2]

The winding up proceedings

8 On 16 March 2011, the Insolvency Court of the Bremen District Court placed
Beluga Chartering into liquidation. Mr Edgar Grönda (“the German Liquidator”)
was subsequently appointed as Beluga Chartering’s permanent insolvency
administrator.[note: 3]

9 On 31 March 2011, the Singapore Subsidiaries filed a writ of summons in Suit
No 227 of 2011 seeking a sum of $1,415,631.21 for agency work performed for
Beluga Chartering. Judgment in default was entered against Beluga Chartering
on 20 April 2011.

10 The Singapore Subsidiaries obtained an injunction against Beluga Chartering
on 1 April 2011 prohibiting Beluga Chartering from dealing with or disposing
of its assets in Singapore up to the value of $1,415,631.21. The injunction
was still in effect when we heard this appeal.

11 On 2 September 2011, a winding up order was made against Beluga Asia and
the Official Receiver was appointed as the liquidator.[note: 4] On 13 January
2012, a winding up order was made against Beluga Singapore. Mr Sim Guan Seng
and Mr Goh Yeow Kiang Victor (“Mr Goh”) of Baker Tilly TFW LLP were appointed
as the liquidators.[note: 5]

12 On 17 January 2012, Beluga Shipping GmbH & Co KG Ms “Beluga Persuasion”, a
German creditor of Beluga Chartering, filed Companies Winding Up No 5 of 2012
(“CWU 5/2012”) in the Singapore High Court for a winding up order against
Beluga Chartering on the grounds that Beluga Chartering was unable to pay its
debts and that it was just and equitable for Beluga Chartering to be wound up
as the Singapore Subsidiaries would otherwise be paid in preference to the
other creditors of the company. On 17 February 2012, the High Court made an
order winding up Beluga Chartering and appointed the Singapore Liquidators.

13 deugro Singapore agreed to pay the Singapore Liquidators the sum of
US$849,647.42 in full settlement of deugro Singapore’s liability to Beluga
Chartering (“the deugro Asset”). It then took the position that the settlement
put an end to issues of set-off and mutuality of the deugro Debt and the
deugro Liability.

The summons for determination of questions

14 The Singapore Liquidators subsequently filed SUM 3435/2012 pursuant to s
273(3) of the Act for the determination of the following questions of law
(“the Questions”):

(1)Whether the provisions of Part X of the Companies Act (Cap. 50) (“Part X”),
in particular section 350(2) of the Companies Act (Cap. 50), apply to [Beluga
Chartering] and its joint and several liquidators in Singapore without
exception or modification, such that the joint and several liquidators are
required to comply with Part X in carrying out their duties as liquidators of
[Beluga Chartering].

(2)Subject to the determination of issue (1), whether the joint and several
liquidators of [Beluga Chartering] in Singapore have the power, under Part X
or general law, and are at liberty to repatriate [Beluga Chartering’s] assets
in Singapore to [Beluga Chartering’s] German Insolvency Administrator (or
elsewhere as directed by the German Insolvency Administrator or his authorised
representatives), to be administered in accordance with German law,
notwithstanding the existence of unsatisfied judgment debts against [Beluga
Chartering] incurred in Singapore.

15 The application was filed to ascertain whether the Singapore Liquidators
were entitled to remit the deugro Asset to the seat of the principal
liquidation in Germany, to be dealt with in accordance with German insolvency
law. The Singapore Subsidiaries opposed the application. Mr Goh (who appeared
in person) attended on behalf of Beluga Asia and the Official Receiver
represented Beluga Singapore. Mr Goh aligned himself fully with the Official
Receiver’s submissions both below and before us on appeal and we do not
differentiate between the respondents in these grounds. deugro Singapore took
no position on the application.

The decision below

16 The Judge first considered whether s 377(3)(_c_) applied to Beluga
Chartering. Section 377(3)(_c_) imposes obligations on a Singapore liquidator
to realise and recover assets in Singapore and pay any debts and satisfy any
liabilities incurred here by the foreign company before remitting the net
recovery to the foreign liquidator. This framework, which preserves assets in
Singapore for the purpose of meeting claims here, was referred to as “the
ring-fencing provision”. The Judge concluded (at [103] of the GD) that s
377(3)(_c_) did apply to Beluga Chartering and his reasoning is more fully
discussed below.

17 As s 377(3)(_c_) was found to apply to Beluga Chartering, the Singapore
Liquidators would have to apply its assets in Singapore first to meet
liabilities here unless the court had a common law power to disapply that
statutory provision (at [175] of the GD). The Judge discussed the English case
law on the scope of the common law ancillary liquidation doctrine and
concluded that under that doctrine he did have a discretion to disapply
aspects of the statutory insolvency regime and, in effect, to order the
remission of assets to the liquidator in the home jurisdiction of the company
notwithstanding s 377(3)(_c_) (at [219] of the GD).

18 The Judge then analysed the facts in some detail to decide how he should
exercise his discretion. He held that Beluga Chartering was not carrying on
business in Singapore (at [307] of the GD) but observed that it “came as close
as a foreign company [could] to doing so without actually doing so” (at [314]
of the GD). Although the Judge accepted that the usual course in the case of a
foreign company which did not carry on business in Singapore would be to
exercise the discretion by disapplying the ring-fencing provision (at [313] of
the GD), he found that the Singapore Subsidiaries would suffer real prejudice
and declined to do so (at [322]–[323] of GD). The effect of the Judge’s
decision was that the Singapore Liquidators were obliged to pay the judgment
debt owed to the Singapore Subsidiaries before remitting any remaining
proceeds to the German Liquidator.

The issues before this court

19 The contentions of the parties centred primarily on a single issue of
statutory interpretation: whether s 377(3)(_c_) applied to a foreign company
that was not registered under s 368 of the Act and which neither had a place
of business nor carried on business in Singapore.

20 If s 377(3)(_c_) applied, the issue that followed would be whether the
courts had a discretion to disapply the ring-fencing provision; if s
377(3)(_c_) did not apply, the court would then have to consider whether there
was any common law discretion to ring-fence the assets for the satisfaction of
debts incurred locally before ordering the remittal of the assets to the
liquidators conducting the principal winding up. We overturned the Judge’s
decision because we were satisfied that s 377(3)(_c_) did not apply to Beluga
Chartering. We therefore determined only the latter question.

The first issue: Did s 377(3)(_c_) apply to Beluga Chartering?

Was the application of s 377(3)(c) excluded by s 350(2)?

21 Beluga Chartering was wound up in Singapore under s 351(1). This provision
is found in Division 5 of Part X of the Act. Section 350(2) provides as
follows:

**Provisions of Division cumulative**

(2) This Division _shall be in addition to, and not in derogation of_ , any
provisions contained in this or any other written law with respect to the
winding up of companies by the Court and the _Court or the liquidator may
exercise any powers or do any act in the case of unregistered companies which
might be exercised or done by it or him in winding up companies._

[emphasis added]

22 Section 350(2) has two limbs:

(a) the first limb makes it clear that the provisions of Division 5 of Part X
of the Act are in addition to provisions contained elsewhere that concern the
winding up of companies; and

(b) the second limb imports all those powers that are available to the court
or a liquidator when winding up a company into the scheme that governs the
winding up of an unregistered company.

23 The Questions required the Judge to consider whether s 377(3)(_c_), which
is found in Division 2 of Part XI, could apply to the winding up of an
unregistered company under Division 5 of Part X. In this regard, the
respondents relied on both limbs of s 350(2) to contend that a liquidator may
exercise any power or do any act that may arise from provisions found in other
parts of the Act or even in other laws.

24 The Judge held that the word “companies”, which is found twice in
conjunction with the words “winding up” in s 350(2), must be read generically
to mean any corporate “legal person” in both instances and is not confined to
“a company incorporated pursuant to the [Act]” as provided in the general
definition in s 4(1) of the Act (at [107] of the GD). The Judge traced the
legislative history of s 350(2) and observed that s 350(2) was originally
derived from s 404 of the United Kingdom Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK) (“the
UK 1948 Act”), which provided as follows:

**404**. The provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to unregistered
companies shall be in addition to and not in restriction of any provisions
hereinbefore in this Act contained with respect to winding up companies by the
court, and the court or liquidator may exercise any powers or do any act in
the case of unregistered companies which might be exercised or done by it or
him in winding up companies formed and registered under this Act …

25 The second limb of this provision referred to powers that “might be
exercised or done by [the Court] or [liquidator] in winding up companies
_formed and registered under this Act_ ” [emphasis added]. On the other hand,
the reference to provisions “with respect to the winding up of _companies_ ”
in the first limb did not expressly limit the meaning of companies to
companies incorporated under the UK 1948 Act. The Judge therefore thought that
the word “companies” in the first limb should be construed generically to mean
corporate “legal persons” (at [109]–[110] of the GD).

26 Section 404 was later adopted as the model for s 314(2) of the Companies
Act 1961 (No 6839 of 1961) (Vic) of the State of Victoria (“the Victorian 1961
Act”). At that time, the reference to “companies _formed and registered under
this Act_ ” under the second limb was replaced with the unqualified word
“companies” (at [111] of the GD). The Judge concluded that it must have been
intended that the meaning of the second use of the word “companies” in s
314(2) should be assimilated with the first use of that word, and the word
“companies” should therefore be taken as a consistent generic reference to
corporate “legal persons” (at [112]–[113] of the GD).

27 Section 350(2) of the Act is identical to s 314(2) of the Victorian 1961
Act, and the Judge concluded that Parliament had intended s 350(2) to have the
same scope as s 314(2) of the Victorian 1961 Act (at [114] of the GD).
Accordingly, when s 377(3)(_c_) – a power applicable to the winding up of a
corporate legal person – was read together with s 350(2), s 377(3)(_c_) could
apply to a winding up instituted under Division 5 of Part X. The Judge further
held that on any interpretation of the word “companies”, s 350(2) would not
prevent provisions which fell outside its scope from applying to a liquidation
under Division 5 of Part X. The first limb of s 350(2) was phrased in the
negative and in effect provided that any provision that was found outside
Division 5 and related to the winding up of companies could apply to the
winding up of an unregistered company. At the same time, it did not positively
exclude the application of any other provision that might independently apply
(at [116]–[117] of the GD).

28 The High Court had previously reached a different conclusion on the meaning
of the word “companies” in s 350(2) in _RBG Resources plc (in liquidation) v
Credit Lyonnais_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 240 (“ _RBG Resources_ ”). Woo Bih Li J
disagreed with the submission that the word “companies” in the first limb
should refer to all companies, whether or not incorporated in Singapore. He
held (at [34]) that both uses of the word “companies” should be given the same
meaning, namely, locally incorporated companies.

29 In our judgment, the word “companies” in s 350(2) should be read in
accordance with the definition of “company” in s 4(1), that is, “a company
incorporated pursuant to [the Act]”. We prefer the interpretation that was
applied by Woo J in _RBG Resources_ to that which the Judge applied in the
proceedings below.

30 The first limb of s 404 of the UK 1948 Act (see above at [24]) provided
that the provisions in the Division did not restrict the application of “any
provisions hereinbefore in this Act contained with respect to winding up
companies by the court”. The preceding provisions in the UK 1948 Act in Part V
with respect to winding up concerned only companies that were registered in
England or Scotland. We therefore doubt that the use of the word “companies”
in the first limb of s 404 was originally intended to refer more generally to
corporate “legal persons” rather than to “companies formed and registered
under the [UK 1948 Act]”. The essential purpose of the second limb of the
provision was simply to confer on the court or liquidator of an unregistered
company any powers that could have been exercised in the winding up of a
company incorporated under the UK 1948 Act. There is nothing to suggest from
this that when the second limb was amended to make reference only to
“companies” in s 314(2) of the Victorian 1961 Act and s 350(2) of the Act, a
broader meaning must have been intended.

31 If s 350(2) were read strictly, it may be argued that as the provisions of
Division 2 of Part XI concern foreign companies that are not incorporated
under the Act, s 377(3)(_c_) could not be imported pursuant to the second limb
of s 350(2) so as to apply to the winding up of unregistered companies under
Division 5 of Part X. But as the first limb of s 350(2) does not positively
exclude the operation of provisions that might otherwise apply, we turn to
consider the position as to whether s 377(3)(_c_) could apply on any
independent basis to the winding up of Beluga Chartering.

Does s 377(3)(c) apply to a company that does not have a place of business or
carry on business in Singapore?

32 Section 377(3) is found in Division 2 of Part XI of the Act and states as
follows:

**Cesser of business in Singapore**

**377.** …

(3) A liquidator of a foreign company appointed for Singapore by the Court or
a person exercising the powers and functions of such a liquidator —

(_a_) shall, before any distribution of the foreign company’s assets is made,
by advertisement in a newspaper circulating generally in each country where
the foreign company had been carrying on business prior to the liquidation if
no liquidator has been appointed for that place, invite all creditors to make
their claims against the foreign company within a reasonable time prior to the
distribution;

(_b_) subject to subsection (7), shall not, without obtaining an order of the
Court, pay out any creditor to the exclusion of any other creditor of the
foreign company; and

(_c_) shall, unless otherwise ordered by the Court, only recover and realise
the assets of the foreign company in Singapore and shall, subject to paragraph
(_b_) and subsection (7), pay the net amount so recovered and realised to the
liquidator of that foreign company for the place where it was formed or
incorporated after paying any debts and satisfying any liabilities incurred in
Singapore by the foreign company.

33 Division 2 of Part XI is titled “ _Division 2 — Foreign companies_ ” and
the first provision immediately following the heading is s 365, which states:

**Foreign companies to which this Division applies**

**365**. This Division applies to a foreign company which, before it
establishes a place of business or commences to carry on business in
Singapore, complies with section 368 and is registered under this Division.

34 Section 368, which is referred to in s 365, imposes an _obligation_ on a
foreign company to register “ _before_ it establishes a place of business or
commences to carry on business in Singapore” [emphasis added]. The term
“foreign company” is generally defined in s 4(1) of the Act as:

(_a_) a company, corporation, society, association or other body incorporated
outside Singapore; or

(_b_) an unincorporated society, association or other body which under the law
of its place of origin may sue or be sued, or hold property in the name of the
secretary or other officer of the body or association duly appointed for that
purpose and which does not have its head office or principal place of business
in Singapore.

In these grounds, we use the term “foreign company” generally to refer to any
company that satisfies the definition under s 4(1) and “non-registrable
foreign company” to refer to a company that is not under the obligation to
comply with s 368.

The Judge’s reasoning

35 The Judge reasoned that the wording of s 377(3), which enjoins a liquidator
of a foreign company to do certain acts or imposes limits on the exercise of
his powers, is broad enough to apply to any foreign company whether or not it
was registered under s 368 (at [119] of the GD). This was incompatible with s
365 being interpreted as setting a condition precedent for the application of
the provisions in Division 5, including s 377 (at [121] of the GD). The Judge
accordingly undertook a meticulous analysis of the legislative history of s
365 and concluded that the section no longer operated as a condition precedent
to the application of Division 2 of Part XI of the Act:

(a) The predecessor provision of s 365 of the Act, s 329 of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 1967 Rev Ed) (“the 1967 Act”), was in substance identical to s 344 of
the Victorian 1961 Act, which was the first provision of Division 3 of Part XI
of the Victorian 1961 Act concerning foreign companies which had a place of
business or which carried on business within the state. Section 329 stated:

**Foreign companies to which this Division applies**

**329**. This Division applies to a foreign company only if it has a place of
business or is carrying on business in Singapore.

The word “ _only_ ” in s 329 made it clear that the section established a
condition precedent to the application of all the provisions of Division 2 of
Part XI of the 1967 Act. The provisions in that Division therefore applied
_only_ to foreign companies that satisfied the requirements of s 329 (at [134]
of the GD).

(b) In 1984, s 332 of the 1967 Act, which imposed a requirement for a foreign
company to register _within one month after_ establishing a place of business
or commencing to carry on business in Singapore, was amended by the Companies
(Amendment) Act 1984 (Act 15 of 1984). Section 332 after the amendment obliged
a foreign company to register _before_ it established a place of business or
commenced carrying on business in Singapore (at [136] of the GD). However, s
329 was not amended and continued to operate as a condition precedent to the
application of the provisions of Division 2. But the obligation to register
before commencing business was contained in s 332, which was placed in a
Division that would only apply to a company under s 329 if it had established
a place of business or commenced carrying on business here. This created a
logical difficulty that prevented s 332 from operating as intended (at [137]
of the GD).

(c) In 1986, the Companies (Amendment) Bill (No 9 of 1986) (“the 1986 Bill”)
was introduced to amend s 329, which had by then been renumbered as s 365.
Section 332 was also renumbered as s 368. Clause 62 of the 1986 Bill, as
originally drafted, amended s 365 to read as follows:

**Foreign companies to which this Division applies**

**365**. This Division applies to a foreign company which intends to have a
place of business or to carry on business in Singapore.

The reformulated s 365 omitted the word “only” and because of this omission,
the Judge thought it was no longer intended to operate as a condition
precedent (at [138]–[140] of the GD).

(d) After the second reading of the 1986 Bill, it was referred to a Select
Committee, which rephrased the language of s 365 to its present form. This was
explained by the then Minister for Finance, Dr Richard Hu Tsu Tau (“Dr Hu”)
(see the _Report of the Select Committee on the Companies (Amendment) Bill
(Bill No 9/86)_ (Parl 5 of 1987, 12 March 1987) (“the Select Committee
Report”) in the following terms at p D 69:

The purpose of this amendment is to better reflect the intention of the
section by incorporating in it the concepts that appear in section 368 of the
Act. There is at present a logical inconsistency between the existing section
365 and section 368 in that the latter section applies to a foreign company
before it establishes a place of business or commences to carry on business
here while existing section 365 states that the Division applies only if a
foreign company has a place of business or is carrying on business in
Singapore.

The amended 1986 Bill was passed by the Companies (Amendment) Act 1987 (Act 13
of 1987) (“the 1987 Amendment Act”). Section 365, as reworded, was meant to
address the logical inconsistency between ss 365 and 368. But, in addition,
the Judge thought that its effect was that s 365 would no longer operate as a
condition precedent (at [143] of the GD).

(e) Because of the omission of the word “only”, s 365 no longer prescribed
that Division 2 of Part XI shall apply to the class of foreign companies
specified and to no others; it merely described one of the classes of foreign
companies to which Division 2 applies (at [145] of the GD). This
interpretation was consistent with the drafting convention of the Act, which
imposed condition precedents by using the word “only” (at [146] of the GD).
The Judge thought that it could not have been the legislative intent to create
“circularity, loopholes and underinclusiveness” by creating another inapt
condition precedent (at [147] of the GD).

The relationship between s 365 and s 377

36 We were unable to agree with the Judge’s analysis and his conclusion. The
Judge placed considerable emphasis on the deletion of the word “only” in s 365
by the 1987 Amendment Act. In our judgment, that deletion was a slender and
ultimately inadequate thread from which to hang the Judge’s conclusion that s
365 was thereafter no longer intended to operate as a condition precedent for
the application of the provisions in Division 2.

37 Prior to the amendments made in 1987, s 365 unequivocally stated that
Division 2 of Part XI applied _only_ to a defined category of foreign
companies – foreign companies that had a place of business or were carrying on
business in Singapore. This much was recognised by the Judge (see [35(a)]
above).

38 When s 365 was reworded by the 1986 Bill and subsequently further revised
by the Select Committee, not the faintest indication was given to suggest that
the amendment had been driven by anything other than the very specific
objective of resolving the logical anomaly caused by the change in the
required sequence of registration under s 332 in 1984. The Explanatory
Statement to cl 62 of the 1986 Bill stated that the amendment to s 365 “
_clarifies_ the operation of Division 2 of Part XI” [emphasis added], with no
mention at all of any legislative intent to significantly expand its reach and
operation. Similarly, it is clear from Dr Hu’s statements in the Select
Committee Report that the only reason for the change was to ensure that s 365
would be read consistently with s 368. In keeping with this, the words “before
it establishes a place of business or commences to carry on business in
Singapore” in s 365 were lifted directly from s 368(1), and s 365 further
makes reference to compliance with s 368 and registration under Division 2.

39 As Dr Hu explained, the limited purpose of amending s 365 was simply to
incorporate the concepts found in s 368 into the former section by tying both
provisions together. There was therefore no legislative material to support
the Judge’s interpretation that the word “only” in s 365 was deliberately
deleted in order to alter the character of that section as a condition
precedent such that Division 2 would thereafter apply to any foreign company,
including one that was incorporated outside Singapore and had no presence or
place of business here. The Judge’s interpretation of s 365 effected a
substantial expansion of the ambit of Division 2. We considered it implausible
that Parliament would have effected such an important change through a side
wind without any discussion.

40 We sympathise with the Judge in respect of the difficulties he faced in
construing s 365 in accordance with its literal terms. On the one hand, as the
Judge noted, s 365 is titled “Foreign companies _to which this Division
applies_ ” [emphasis added]. It also contains the words “which, before it
establishes a place of business or commences to carry on business in
Singapore, complies with section 368 and is registered under this Division”.
These words identify the characteristics of the foreign companies to which
Division 2 applies and by inference, exclude other classes of foreign
companies.

41 On the other hand, as the Judge quite correctly pointed out (at [122]–[124]
of the GD), an interpretation that s 365 operates as a condition precedent for
the application of the rest of the provisions in Division 2 would create an
apparent circularity and defeat the legislative purpose of the whole of
Division 2. This is because the obligation to register under s 368 is itself
found in Division 2 and would _prima facie_ apply only to foreign companies
that already meet the requirements of the condition precedent in s 365. The
condition precedent in s 365, on the other hand, is triggered only after the
foreign company has complied with s 368 and is registered under Division 2.
This seems to give rise to the untenable situation that a foreign company is
under no obligation to comply with s 368 until it has complied with the
requirement to register under s 368.

42 The matter of the relationship between ss 365 and 368 had arisen in _RBG
Resources_. That case concerned the liquidation of a company incorporated in
England, RBG Resources plc (“RBG”). A winding up order was made both in
England and in Singapore, and a creditor sought an order for RBG’s debts in
Singapore to be paid from the company’s Singapore assets before the assets
were paid to the English liquidation estate for distribution. It was common
ground that RBG was not registered under Division 2 of Part XI, and the
creditor conceded that for this reason s 377(3)(_c_) did not apply to RBG (at
[25]). Although the relationship between ss 365 and 368 was not the subject of
detailed argument, Woo J observed (at [31]) that the obligation under s 368
was to lodge documents for registration prior to establishing a place of
business or commencing business here. Woo J thought that a company that failed
to do so would be committing a continuing offence under the Act. However, he
also thought (at [31]) that if a foreign company was not registered under the
Act at the time it went into liquidation, then by virtue of s 365, none of the
provisions in Division 2 of Part XI of the Act, including s 377(3)(_c_), would
apply to it.

43 The Judge recognised that apart from the analytical circularity between ss
365 and 368, the interpretation placed on s 365 in _RBG Resources_ also
created an unanticipated practical loophole in s 365. If a company that ought
to have registered but did not register could escape the application of the
provisions of Division 2, it would mean that the very companies that were
intended to fall under the scope of s 368 could evade their obligations by
deliberately refraining from registering (at [124] of the GD). Section 365
therefore would appear to be underinclusive, and this would severely undermine
Parliament’s purpose in regulating companies that have some degree of
connection with Singapore.

44 Much as this might seem reasonable, we did not consider that the court
could deal with the potential underinclusiveness of the section by resorting
to the opposite extreme and concluding that Parliament must therefore have
intended an overinclusive scope instead.

45 We turn to the Judge’s observation that in as much as Parliament amended s
365 precisely for the purpose of solving the problem created by an inapt
condition precedent, it could not then have intended to replace this by yet
another inapt condition precedent (at [147] of the GD). Our difficulty with
this was that it presumed Parliament was aware that the reworded s 365 could
be read to give rise to yet another difficulty of a similar kind as that which
it had set out to cure. But there was no basis for this presumption. If this
was indeed the case, as Prof Yeo observed, it would seem counterintuitive for
the Select Committee to have made the conscious effort to specify a condition
in s 365 that was referable to the requirement of registration in s 368. The
same result could instead have been achieved by simply providing in clear and
unmistakable terms that Division 2 of Part XI applied to all foreign
companies.

46 Additionally, we were concerned that the wide interpretation that the Judge
placed on s 365 would give rise to problems of extraterritoriality. Indeed,
this would have represented a significant policy shift that Parliament must
have been aware of had it intended to extend the scope of Division 2 of Part
XI. The Judge was of the view that “[i]nsolvency law [held] the key to
addressing this over inclusiveness” (at [149] of the GD). He observed that the
court had the discretion to decide whether a winding up order should be issued
against a foreign company and the discretion to disapply substantive aspects
of Singapore’s insolvency law in appropriate circumstances (at [150]–[151] of
the GD). However, there are other problems that arise from the Judge’s
interpretation.

47 The phrase “foreign company” in any provision under Division 2 could
conceivably extend to every foreign company, whether or not it had any
connection to Singapore. Apart from the obligation to register that is
contained in s 368, and which expressly applies only to a foreign company
before it establishes a place of business or commences to carry on business in
Singapore, all foreign companies would be subject to a host of other
regulatory obligations under Division 2 including:

(a) the obligation to have a registered office in Singapore to which all
communications and notices may be addressed (s 370);

(b) the obligation to lodge particulars with the Registrar of any changes or
alterations in the constitutional documents or details of the company (s 372);

(c) the obligation to lodge with the Registrar balance sheets after conducting
annual general meetings (s 373); and

(d) being potentially subject to penalties for failure to comply with any
provision in Division 2 (s 386).

48 Taking the Judge’s reasoning to its logical conclusion, the implications of
interpreting s 365 as a descriptive provision would go well beyond insolvency
law. There is no rule of insolvency law that could be invoked to curtail this
overreaching extraterritorial effect. This is untenable. Further, there is a
general statutory presumption against extraterritoriality and there was
nothing to displace this presumption here. Having regard to all these
considerations, we were unable to concur with the Judge that Parliament must
have intended that Division 2 of Part XI would apply to all foreign companies.

49 Although the drafting of s 365 is infelicitous, Parliament’s intention may
be given effect through a construction that accords with the purpose of the
amendment of the section in 1987\. On this reading, s 365 would operate to
apply the provisions of Division 2 of Part XI to all foreign companies that
have complied or _are liable to comply_ with the registration requirements
under s 368.

50 Section 365 extends the application of Division 2 to a foreign company
“which, before it establishes a place of business or commences to carry on
business in Singapore, _complies_ with s 368 _and is registered_ under
[Division 2]” [emphasis added]. The first logical difficulty that we have
alluded to above (see [41]) would be avoided if s 368 were read as applying
independently of the condition precedent laid down in s 365. In other words, a
company would be obliged to comply with s 368 if it comes within its terms
without any requirement that s 365 must first have been satisfied. This is
consistent with the principle of statutory interpretation that an absurd
interpretation or one that leads to unworkable consequences that are patently
contrary to Parliament’s intent should be avoided.

51 But s 365 also incorporates a number of otiose references which came about
as a result of the efforts of the Select Committee to closely tie the language
of the section to s 368, including the reference to a foreign company “before
it establishes a place of business or commences to carry on business in
Singapore” and the disjunctive obligations to comply with s 368 _and_ register
under Division 2. Parliament’s intention, as evidenced by the original version
of s 365 as well as the proposed rewording of that section in the 1986 Bill
prior to the amendments by the Select Committee (see above at
[35(c)]–[35(d)]), was that the provisions in Division 2 should apply to
companies which _intended_ to establish a place of business or carry on
business in Singapore and would have been liable to register under s 368 of
the Act. The interpretation that would be most consistent with Parliament’s
purpose would be to read the references in s 365 to prior compliance with s
368 and registration under the Division as including a continuing obligation
to comply with and register under s 368 as long as a company comes within the
terms of s 368. This means that a foreign company falls within the scope of s
365 if is subject to s 368 but has not complied with the registration
requirements.

52 In summary, s 365 would operate as a condition precedent for the
application of all provisions in Division 2 of Part XI save for s 368. It
would be triggered when a foreign company:

(a) has actually been registered under s 368(1); or

(b) comes under the liability to register under s 368(1) because it intends to
establish a place of business or commence carrying on business in Singapore,
this being a liability that continues even after it actually does commence
business or establishes a place of business here without being registered.

Did s 377(3)(c) apply to Beluga Chartering?

53 On our interpretation of s 365 above, s 377(3)(_c_) would apply to Beluga
Chartering only if it was under the obligation to register under s 368. The
Judge made an unequivocal factual finding (at [307] of the GD) that Beluga
Chartering never carried on business in Singapore under the definition in s
366 of the Act or on any broader meaning of the term and was not obliged to
register under s 368. The respondents did not appeal against this finding of
fact. Counsel for the second respondent, Ms Beverly Wee (“Ms Wee”), conceded
that the respondents had not appealed against the Judge’s finding in this
regard, but submitted that the activities of Beluga Chartering warranted a
finding that Beluga Chartering was carrying on business in Singapore through a
wholly owned subsidiary or proxy and had come as close as a foreign company
could do so without actually doing so.

54 While we accepted that a foreign company may be carrying on business
through an agent or subsidiaries within the definition in s 366 of the Act as
a matter of fact or law, it was not open to us at this juncture to make a
finding contrary to the Judge’s holding that Beluga Chartering was not doing
business in Singapore. The Judge had carefully considered the corporate
structure of the Beluga Group’s operations in Singapore in deciding that
Beluga Chartering, the parent company, did not carry on business in Singapore
(at [308]–[312] of the GD); on the facts before us, we saw no reason to come
to a different conclusion. We therefore concluded that Beluga Chartering was
not carrying on business in Singapore and was not obliged to register under s
368. Section 377(3)(_c_) therefore did not apply to the Singapore Liquidators
of Beluga Chartering.

The second issue: Should the Singapore assets of Beluga Chartering nonetheless
be ring-fenced to satisfy its local liabilities?

55 It followed from our decision on the first issue that the winding up of
Beluga Chartering, an unregistered foreign company, was governed primarily by
the provisions in Division 5 of Part X and the Singapore Liquidators were not
subject to the obligations under s 377(3)(_c_). There is no express statutory
provision dealing with the relationship between a Singapore liquidator and a
foreign liquidator, and Beluga Chartering’s application to remit the Singapore
assets to Germany therefore had to be decided on the basis of the common law.

Does the common law ancillary liquidation doctrine apply in Singapore?

56 The common law ancillary liquidation doctrine was described in these terms
by Vaughan Williams J in _In re English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered
Bank_ [1893] 3 Ch 385 (“ _English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank_ ”)
at 394:

… one must bear in mind the principles upon which liquidations are conducted,
in different countries and in different Courts, of one concern. One knows that
where there is a liquidation of one concern the general principle is -
ascertain what is the domicil of the company in liquidation; let the Court of
the country of domicil act as the principal Court to govern the liquidation;
and let the other Courts act as ancillary, as far as they can, to the
principal liquidation. …

57 The doctrine does not mandate any single course of action and could
encompass a broad range of orders that would assist the principal liquidation:
see Lloyd Tamlyn, “Ancillary Winding Up” in _Cross Border Insolvency_ (Richard
Sheldon QC gen ed) (Bloomsbury Professional, 3rd Ed, 2012) (“ _Cross Border
Insolvency_ ”) ch 7 at para 7.16.

58 We agreed with the Judge (see [41] of the GD) that the ancillary
liquidation doctrine is a part of the Singapore common law and that the court
has a power under this doctrine to order the local liquidator to remit assets
that are gathered in locally to the principal place of liquidation. Indeed,
this holding was not disputed by the parties on appeal. We were satisfied that
the ancillary liquidation doctrine is historically entrenched as part of the
common law in a number of jurisdictions: see _In re Commercial Bank of South
Australia_ (1886) 33 Ch D 174 at 178; _English, Scottish, and Australian
Chartered Bank_ at 394; _Re Alfred Shaw & Co Ltd ex parte Mackenzie_ (1897) 8
QLJ 93 at 96; _Re National Benefit Assurance Co_ [1927] 3 DLR 289. The
existence of this common law doctrine was also endorsed by Sir Richard Scott
V-C in _In re Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA (No 10)_ [1997] 1
Ch 213 (“ _Re BCCI_ ”) and more recently by both the majority and minority of
the House of Lords in _In re HIH Casualty and General Insurance Ltd_ [2008] 1
WLR 852 (“ _Re HIH Insurance_ ”).

59 This doctrine was recognised as part of the law of Singapore by Murison CJ
in the early Straits Settlements case of _Re Lee Wah Bank Ltd_ [1926] MC 5.
The case involved the question of whether the court should direct that sums
owed to a bank incorporated in Hong Kong be transferred to the liquidators in
Saigon or liquidators in Hong Kong. Murison CJ cited the general principle
laid down by Vaughan Williams J in _English, Scottish, and Australian
Chartered Bank_ which we have referred to above (at [56]) and held that as the
domicile of the bank was Hong Kong, the funds should be paid to the Hong Kong
liquidator. Similarly, in _RBG Resources_ , Woo J accepted that the common law
ancillary liquidation doctrine applied in Singapore, and directed that the
Singapore liquidators were at liberty to transmit the Singapore assets of RBG
to the English liquidators.

60 There is thus ample authority for the proposition that the common law
ancillary liquidation doctrine continues to exist alongside the statutory
insolvency regime where no other statutory provision has been made. This was
described by Scott V-C in _Re BCCI_ (at 246C–D) as a proposition that rested
on an “accretion of judicial decisions”, and we saw nothing in the Act to
exclude the operation of the doctrine to a non-registrable foreign company.

Does the court have the discretion to ring-fence local assets for locally
incurred debts notwithstanding the ancillary liquidation doctrine?

61 The obligation of a Singapore liquidator of a foreign company (to which s
365 applies) under Division 2 of Part XI to “ring-fence” assets to pay off
debts and satisfy liabilities incurred in Singapore is a purely statutory
obligation under s 377(3)(_c_) and has no immediate common law counterpart. Ms
Wee submitted that if we held that s 377(3)(_c_) did not apply, the
respondents’ fall-back position was that the court had a discretion to refuse
to remit the assets of a non-registrable foreign company until its local
creditors had been paid. The question for us was whether such a discretion
could exist as part of the common law ancillary liquidation doctrine
notwithstanding the statutory regime.

62 As Ms Wee’s submission raised the relationship between the common law and
the statutory framework, we were invited to consider the contours of the
ancillary liquidation doctrine and how the courts saw this issue in that
context. This was examined by Scott V-C in _Re BCCI_. An application was made
by the English liquidators of an insolvent bank incorporated in Luxembourg
seeking directions as to whether certain provisions should be made for English
creditors before transmitting the proceeds of realisation in England to the
Luxembourg liquidators. The set-off rules recognised by the Luxembourg
insolvency regime would have produced a very different practical effect from
the application of the set-off rule under r 4.90 of the English Insolvency
Rules 1986 (SI No 1925 of 1986) (UK), which permitted a self-executing offset
between debts owed by and debts owed to the insolvent bank such that only the
net balance would be provable in the liquidation.

63 Scott V-C accepted that the power to direct liquidators to transmit funds
to the principal liquidators under the ancillary liquidation doctrine was
well-established as part of the common law (at 247F–G). He also held that the
court had no inherent power to disapply the provisions of an applicable
statutory insolvency scheme (at 239F). After a detailed survey of the relevant
line of authorities, Scott V-C set out a number of propositions of law (at
246C–F) which bear reproducing as follows:

This line of authority establishes, in my opinion, at least the following
propositions. (1) Where a foreign company is in liquidation in its country of
incorporation, a winding up order made in England will normally be regarded as
giving rise to a winding up ancillary to that being conducted in the country
of incorporation. (2) The winding up in England will be ancillary in the sense
that it will not be within the power of the English liquidators to get in and
realise all the assets of the company worldwide. They will necessarily have to
concentrate on getting in and realising the English assets. (3) Since in order
to achieve a pari passu distribution between all the company's creditors it
will be necessary for there to be a pooling of the company's assets worldwide
and for a dividend to be declared out of the assets comprised in that pool,
the winding up in England will be ancillary in the sense, also, that it will
be the liquidators in the principal liquidation who will be best placed to
declare the dividend and to distribute the assets in the pool accordingly. (4)
_None the less, the ancillary character of an English winding up does not
relieve an English court of the obligation to apply English law, including
English insolvency law, to the resolution of any issue arising in the winding
up which is brought before the court_. It may be, of course, that English
conflicts of law rules will lead to the application of some foreign law
principle in order to resolve a particular issue.

[emphasis added]

64 This passage was cited by Woo J in _RBG Resources_ (at [38]–[39]).
Propositions (1) to (3) are generally uncontroversial, but proposition (4)
appears to have been clearly set out as a statement of the law for the first
time in _Re BCCI_.

65 Scott V-C concluded that r 4.90 was a substantive rule of English law and
that the cases had not established the power of a court to disapply a
substantive rule forming part of the English statutory insolvency scheme (at
247G–H). Even if the court had the power to disapply rule 4.90, Scott V-C
would have declined to exercise his discretion to do so (at 249D–E).

66 More recently, the doctrine was considered by the House of Lords in _Re HIH
Insurance_ , though no clear consensus emerged as to its conceptual basis or
content. _Re HIH Insurance_ concerned the liquidation of a group of Australian
insurance companies with assets situated in England. These assets mainly
comprised reinsurance claims on policies taken out in the London market. A
winding up order was made by a New South Wales court in 2001 and provisional
liquidators were also appointed in England to realise the English assets. In
2005, an Australian judge sent a letter of request to the English High Court
pursuant to s 426(4) of the Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK) (“UK Insolvency
Act 1986”) – which applies only to a country designated by the Secretary of
State as a “relevant country” (which included Australia) – asking that the
provisional liquidators be directed to remit the realised assets to the
Australian liquidators for distribution. Sections 426(4) and 426(5) provide:

**426** **Co-operation between courts exercising jurisdiction in relation to
insolvency.**

…

(4) The courts having jurisdiction in relation to insolvency law in any part
of the United Kingdom shall assist the courts having the corresponding
jurisdiction in any other part of the United Kingdom or any relevant country
or territory.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (4) a request made to a court in any part
of the United Kingdom by a court in any other part of the United Kingdom or in
a relevant country or territory is authority for the court to which the
request is made to apply, in relation to any matters specified in the request,
the insolvency law which is applicable by either court in relation to
comparable matters falling within its jurisdiction.

In exercising its discretion under this subsection, a court shall have regard
in particular to the rules of private international law.

67 Under Australian insolvency law, the assets of an insurance company in
liquidation would have to be applied first to the discharge of debts payable
in Australia, and the proceeds of reinsurance policies had to be applied to
discharge insurance liabilities. This differed from the position under English
insolvency law.

68 The House of Lords unanimously ordered that the English assets should be
remitted to Australia. However, the two leading speeches, delivered by Lord
Hoffmann and Lord Scott of Foscote respectively, set out two different
conceptual approaches to the common law doctrine.

69 Lord Hoffmann observed that the judicial practice of treating an English
winding up of a foreign company as ancillary to the winding up by the court of
its domicile was based on the principle of modified universalism (at [7]–[8]).
The power to remit assets to the principal liquidator was established long
before the UK Insolvency Act 1986 (at [27]) and was exercised whenever there
was a foreign jurisdiction more appropriate than England to deal with all
outstanding questions in the winding up; s 426 was not involved in the
application before the court (at [28]). This judicial practice of ordering
remittal was inconsistent with the broad proposition that creditors could not
be deprived of their statutory rights under the English insolvency scheme and
it followed that the court may, under the ancillary liquidation doctrine,
“disapply” parts of the English statutory scheme by authorising the foreign
liquidator to perform certain actions under foreign law, which may or may not
be the same as English law (at [19]). Any differences in the English and
foreign schemes of distribution therefore went only to discretion (at [24]).
Lord Hoffmann concluded that it would not offend any principle of justice or
public policy for the assets to be remitted to Australia under the common law
power (at [31] and [34]). Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe agreed with Lord
Hoffmann.

70 Lord Scott held that the exercise of the s 426 power to direct the
remission of assets to Australia did not entail the disapplication of the
English statutory insolvency scheme as s 426 was itself part of the English
statutory scheme (at [59]). Lord Scott thought that the English courts had a
statutory obligation to apply the English statutory scheme and had “no
inherent jurisdiction to deprive creditors proving in an English liquidation
of their statutory rights under that scheme” (at [59]). The English court was
not relieved of its obligation to apply English law to the resolution of any
issue arising in the winding up (at [60]), and under the common law, a
remittal would be refused if there was a class of preferential creditors under
the principal winding up who would not have priority under English law (at
[62]). However, Lord Scott was willing to accede to the request made by the
Australian courts by virtue of the court’s power under s 426, which permitted
remittal even in the above circumstances (at [62]).

71 Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury thought that the existence of an inherent
common law jurisdiction to remit English assets to foreign liquidators in
jurisdictions that were not designated as relevant countries would “sit
uneasily with the provisions of section 426(4) and (5)” as it would almost
thwart the statutory purpose of having designated countries under s 426 (at
[76]). However, in a subsequent extrajudicial speech, Lord Neuberger expressed
the tentative view that there was “considerable attraction in the Hoffmann-
Walker view” (see Lord Neuberger, “The international dimension of insolvency”
(2010) 23 Insolvency Intelligence 42 at 44).

72 Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers allowed the appeal on the basis that the
court had the jurisdiction under ss 426(4) and 426(5) to accede to the request
of the Australian court (at [37]). He expressly declined to take a position on
the issue of whether the court would have had a discretion under the common
law to order remittal of assets in the circumstances of the appeal (at [44]).

73 In summary, Lord Hoffmann thought that courts did have a discretion under
the common law premised on the principle of modified universalism to order
assets collected locally in the ancillary liquidation to be remitted to the
liquidators of the principal liquidation regardless of any statutory provision
and that s 426 _extended_ this. Lord Scott, on the other hand, thought that
the courts, in exercising their power under the common law ancillary
liquidation, had no discretion to disapply the English statutory insolvency
regime or deprive creditors of any of their statutory rights.

74 The parties did not refer us to any Commonwealth case that has directly
applied Lord Hoffmann’s approach to the common law ancillary liquidation
doctrine. Prof Yeo and counsel for Beluga Chartering, Mr Sim Kwan Kiat (“Mr
Sim”), both submitted that Lord Scott’s approach restated the existing common
law, while Lord Hoffmann’s approach represented an incremental development of
the law. In keeping with this, in the decision of the English High Court in
_In re Alitalia Linee Aeree Italiane SpA_ [2011] 1 WLR 2049, Newey J observed
(at [54]) that in the light of the division of opinion in the House of Lords,
_Re HIH Insurance_ could not be taken as authority for the proposition that
the common law power extended to permit the court to direct remittal of assets
to a foreign liquidator where the assets would be distributed other than in
accordance with English law.

75 The aspirational principle of modified universalism as articulated by Lord
Hoffmann has featured in a number of cases on different aspects of cross-
border insolvency (see the Privy Council decision in _Cambridge Gas
Transportation Corpn v Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of Navigator
Holdings plc and others_ [2007] 1 AC 508 (“ _Cambridge Gas_ ”); the Court of
Appeal decision in _Rubin and another v Eurofinance SA and others_ [2011] 1 Ch
133 (reversed by the Supreme Court in _Rubin and another v Eurofinance SA and
others (Picard and others intervening)_ [2013] 1 AC 236) as well as in
academic commentary (see Gabriel Moss QC, ““Modified universalism” and the
quest for the golden thread” (2008) 21 Insolvency Intelligence 145; Philip
Smart, “Cross-border insolvency cooperation” (2008) 124 LQR 554; Wee Meng
Seng, “A lost opportunity towards modified universalism” (2009) 1 LMCLQ 18).
This principle, as recognised by Lord Hoffmann in _Re HIH Insurance_ (at [7]),
is nevertheless not a legal rule.

76 The Judge’s decision was premised on an acceptance of Lord Hoffmann’s
approach to the common law ancillary liquidation doctrine. Our holding that
the ring-fencing provision found in s 377(3)(_c_) is inapplicable to Beluga
Chartering however, renders moot the issue of whether Lord Hoffmann’s or Lord
Scott’s approach represents what the common law _is_ , or indeed, what the
common law _ought_ to be. In the absence of clear authority, we prefer to
reserve our opinion on this.

77 What is clear is that the traditional common law position gives the court a
general power to order the remittal of realised assets to the principal place
of liquidation. But it does not have the power to authorise the local
liquidator to ignore the statutory insolvency scheme so as “to deprive
creditors proving in a [local] liquidation of their statutory rights under
that scheme” (_per_ Lord Scott in _Re HIH Insurance_ at [59]).

78 It was common ground that the Singapore Subsidiaries were unsecured
creditors and did not enjoy any other priority under the Act. Their only claim
to a statutory priority for the judgment debt was the ring-fencing provision
in s 377(3)(_c_) which we have held did not avail them. No evidence was put
before us that a general _pari passu_ distribution would not be ordered in the
German liquidation or that a different result would ensue under the German
insolvency regime. Applying Lord Scott’s traditional approach to the scope of
the power of remittal, it followed that we had the power to hold that the
Singapore Liquidators were at liberty to remit the Singapore assets to the
German Liquidator for distribution. There was no question of “disapplying” any
statutory insolvency provision or depriving the Singapore Subsidiaries of any
vested rights under the Act or other written law.

79 As a matter of interest and to provide a comparison, on Lord Hoffmann’s
approach, remittal of assets to a foreign liquidator would be permitted even
if the distribution in the foreign liquidation differs from that mandated by
Singapore’s statutory insolvency scheme, as long as it is not contrary to
principles of justice or local public policy. The mere fact that the foreign
insolvency scheme differs from the local insolvency scheme would not suffice
to constitute injustice. In a case such as the present where there was no
indication that the scheme of distribution would differ and the only known
creditors (namely, the Singapore Subsidiaries) were not preferential creditors
and had no priority under the local statutory scheme, there would have been no
basis for not remitting the local assets. Hence, regardless of which approach
was taken, it was clear to us that the ancillary liquidation doctrine would
result in remittal being ordered.

80 We return here to Ms Wee’s submission that the court should exercise a
discretion that was said to exist under the common law – one that paralleled
the ring-fencing provision in s 377(3)(_c_) – to direct that assets would be
remitted to the principal place of liquidation only after making provision for
locally incurred debts and liabilities. We could see no basis for this. There
is certainly nothing in the development of the common law ancillary
liquidation doctrine to warrant a view being taken that a statutory scheme on
priority can be applied by analogy under the common law doctrine to situations
that were not contemplated by Parliament. We were therefore unable to accede
to the proposition that the court had a discretion under the common law that
extended to a _positive_ power to ring-fence assets even when there was no
statutory basis for doing so. It has never been thought that the court has the
power to confer on a creditor a priority that it does not otherwise have under
the statutory regime, and Ms Wee could not point us to any common law rule to
this effect. All the cases have been concerned with the converse proposition –
whether a statutory provision may be disapplied to achieve a universal scheme
of distribution. Moreover, any impetus as presently exists is towards
universalism rather than to favour local creditors or to confer a preference
on locally incurred debts. As Scott V-C observed in _Re BCCI_ (at 242C–D),
“[i]t is basic to an English winding up that English creditors cannot be ring-
fenced and treated more favourably than foreign creditors”.

81 We were also urged to consider that the statutory framework on
international insolvency in Singapore has failed to keep pace with commercial
and business realities. However, insolvency law involves a multitude of social
and economic considerations and compromises. Moreover, this is an area that is
presently being actively reviewed. The Insolvency Law Review Committee (“the
Law Review Committee”) recently concluded its review of Singapore’s bankruptcy
and corporate insolvency regimes and submitted a report dated 4 October 2013
(“the Insolvency Review Report”). Chapter 11 sets out the Law Review
Committee’s summary of the present law on cross-border insolvency, and notes
that there is uncertainty over the common law doctrine of “modified
universalism” and that there are few express legislative provisions for
matters arising in cross-border insolvency: see p 230 of the Insolvency Review
Report. The Law Review Committee has recommended the adoption of provisions of
the UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency (30 May 1997) (“the Model
Law”), which will set out a comprehensive framework for international
cooperation in insolvency matters and provide clarity and certainty: see pp
234-235 of the Insolvency Review Report. We note in passing that the
provisions of the Model Law would have furnished a clear framework for the
resolution of the issue that arose in the present appeal: see p 233 of the
Insolvency Review Report; Arts 21 and 22 of the Model Law.

82 In the circumstances, we declined to accept Ms Wee’s suggestion that we
could as a matter of the common law, impose a ring-fencing provision analogous
to s 377(3)(_c_).

83 We therefore held that we ought to exercise our power to direct the
Singapore Liquidators to remit the realised assets of Beluga Chartering in
Singapore to the German Liquidator, without first satisfying the judgment debt
owed to the Singapore Subsidiaries.

An issue on the side: What is the effect of foreign insolvency proceedings on
claims before the Singapore court?

84 Our decision on the foregoing issues was sufficient for us to dispose of
this appeal. However, it may be helpful for us to make a few observations on
an issue that arose in the course of the arguments, namely the position of a
foreign liquidator where local liquidation proceedings are not initiated. This
did not arise on the facts of this appeal because a winding up order was made
in Singapore.

85 If an insolvent foreign company – whether registered or unregistered – is
not concurrently wound up in Singapore, the application of the ancillary
liquidation doctrine does not arise, and any issues that arise before the
Singapore courts would instead involve questions of recognition. There are
broadly two types of recognition that the Singapore courts may be requested to
grant: (i) recognition of the title of the foreign liquidator and (ii)
recognition of the foreign proceedings.

Recognition of the title of the foreign liquidator

86 The law of the place of incorporation of a company governs an agent’s
authority to act on behalf of the company, and if a liquidator is properly
appointed under that law, his authority and title to act on behalf of a
company should be recognised: see Rule 179 of _Dicey, Morris and Collins on
The Conflict of Laws vol 2_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2012) at para 30-102;
Ian Fletcher, _The Law of Insolvency_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2009) at paras
30-057 to 30-058; _Cambridge Gas_ at [20]; _Bank of Ethiopia v National Bank
of Egypt and Liguori_ [1937] 1 Ch 513.

87 Unlike personal bankruptcy proceedings, a winding up order does not
automatically vest the assets of the company in the liquidator; instead, the
legal title to assets remains with the company (albeit impressed with a
statutory trust), but the power of the board of directors to deal with the
company’s assets is displaced in favour of the liquidator. Accordingly, a
liquidator of a foreign company will be recognised as the representative of
the company for the purposes of getting in and realising the company’s
worldwide assets and there would generally be no basis for a Singapore court
to decline to recognise the liquidator’s claim to assets belonging to the
company under general principles of property law.

88 This general principle has been applied by the High Court. In _Re Cosimo
Borrelli and another_ Originating Summons No 762 of 2010 (unreported), the
High Court granted a declaration that a provisional liquidator of a company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands was authorised and empowered to recover and
take possession of the company’s movable and immovable assets. Further, in _Re
Aero Inventory (UK) Limited (in administration)_ Originating Summons No 127 of
2011 (unreported), the High Court ordered that the administrators of an
English company would have power over the company’s property and assets in
Singapore as they had under English law pursuant to an administration order
made by the English High Court.

Recognition of foreign winding up proceedings

89 We turn next to the recognition of the foreign proceedings or of the effect
the initiation of such proceedings would have. We limit our discussion in this
context to the question of whether a stay of execution that is consequential
on a foreign winding up order would extend to assets located in Singapore such
that creditors here would not be entitled to execute against or attach these
assets.

90 A statutory moratorium on the commencement or continuation of legal
proceedings and process triggered by a winding up order does not generally
have extraterritorial effect: see _In re Oriental Inland Steam Co; Ex p Scinde
Railway Co_ (1873-74) LR 9 Ch App 557 at 558-560 _per_ James and Mellish LJJ;
_In re Vocalion (Foreign), Limited_ [1932] 2 Ch 196 at 201-202. This is
premised on the fundamentally territorial nature of jurisdiction. It follows
that under the common law rules of recognition, a court would not recognise
the jurisdiction of a foreign legislature or court to impose a stay on any
proceedings in the forum court and so would not be bound by any such stay: see
_Banque Indosuez SA v Ferromet Resources Inc_ [1993] BCLC 112 at 117-118.

91 What then would be the position of creditors bringing execution proceedings
in the local courts in the absence of winding up proceedings being taken here?
We were not referred to any English authority directly on point, although the
issue has arisen tangentially in a number of cases.

92 In _Firswood Ltd v Petra Bank_ [1996] CLC 608, the assignee of a creditor
of an insolvent Jordanian bank attempted to obtain a judgment against the bank
in England, and to bypass the liquidator in the process. The issue before the
court was whether the creditor could obtain leave to serve the writ out of
jurisdiction. The English Court of Appeal declined leave and observed (at 618)
that the assignee had no higher claim to priority than the creditor and the
creditor would, by contracting with a Jordanian company, have expected that
Jordanian law would apply to govern priorities in the event of the company’s
insolvency. The court therefore held (at 618) that it would not permit
parallel proceedings in England when the only purpose was for the assignee to
obtain an English judgment and to “deprive the liquidator of assets for
distribution to the general body of creditors”.

93 In _Felixstowe Dock & Railway Co v United States Lines Inc_ [1989] QB 360,
a company incorporated in the United States was placed under Chapter 11
proceedings pursuant to the United States Federal Bankruptcy Code and a
restraining order was made to enjoin the commencement or continuation of
judicial proceedings against the company or the issuance of legal process.
English and European creditors of the company obtained _Mareva_ injunctions in
England prohibiting the removal of the company’s assets from the jurisdiction,
and the company filed summonses to set aside the injunctions. Hirst J was not
convinced that the fair and equitable treatment of the general body of
creditors would be frustrated if the assets in England were not released for
the benefit of the Chapter 11 proceedings (at 386A–B). Instead, the applicant
creditors would suffer substantial prejudice as they would not derive any
benefit if the funds were remitted to the United States and used to keep the
company as a going concern (at 387A–D). However, Hirst J imposed a condition
that the funds could not be released until after the expiry of a reasonable
period of notice to the company, which would then be free to apply to the
court for a winding up order (at 386B–D). It was therefore evident that Hirst
J did not think that the creditors should be wholly free to execute their
judgment against the company’s assets in England at the expense of the
remaining body of creditors.

94 The two cases in the preceding paragraphs may be compared with _In Re
Suidair International Airways Ld (application of Vickers-Armstrong, Ld)_
[1951] 1 Ch 165. A provisional winding up order was issued against the debtor
company in South Africa. Six days later, a judgment creditor – who had
knowledge of the winding up order – took out garnishee proceedings against the
company’s bank account in England and two writs of _fieri facias_ for the
seizure of the company’s goods. A final winding-up order was made in South
Africa and subsequently also in England. The creditors applied for an order
that they were entitled to retain the benefit of the two writs against the
English liquidator. Wynn-Parry J held that although the execution would have
been void under South Africa law as it had been put in force after the
presentation of the winding up petition, the English court could only
administer the assets of the company within its jurisdiction under English law
(at 173). Wynn-Parry J decided to exercise his discretion under s 325(1)(c) of
the UK 1948 Act to allow the creditor to retain the benefit of its execution
against the liquidator in the light of the company’s conduct in impeding the
creditor from obtaining the fruits of its judgment (at 172). Although the
result in this case suggests that a creditor may enforce a judgment debt
against a company notwithstanding pending foreign insolvency proceedings, it
should be noted that this was a case that arose in the context of the
creditor’s rights in an ancillary winding up in England. It was therefore not
a situation where the English court was being asked to consider only the
effect of a foreign winding up order.

95 The courts in Hong Kong have considered the question of when proceedings
should be stayed because of a foreign insolvency order. In _Modern Terminals
(Berth 5) Ltd v States Steamship Company_ [1979] HKLR 512, a company
incorporated in Nevada that had been placed under Chapter 11 proceedings
sought a stay of proceedings against it in the Hong Kong courts. Trainor J
entered judgment in favour of the creditor on the grounds that Hong Kong was
the proper forum to adjudicate the claim, but decided (at 523) that a stay of
execution ought to be ordered on the basis of the nature of Chapter 11
proceedings and the principle of universal distribution of a bankrupt’s
effects in _Galbraith v Grimshaw and another_ [1910] AC 508.

96 A similar approach was adopted in _CCIC Finance Ltd v Guangdong
International Trust & Investment Corporation_ [2005] 2 HKC 589, where a
judgment creditor made an application for a garnishee order _nisi_ to be made
absolute, and the insolvent company applied for a stay of all proceedings. The
company was incorporated in the People’s Republic of China. A Chinese court
declared the company bankrupt and a Liquidation Committee was appointed.
Deputy Judge Gill accepted the principle of universalism (at [56]–[57]) and
concluded that the making absolute of the garnishee order would interfere with
the liquidation of the company (at [85]). He therefore exercised a discretion
to refuse the application for a garnishee order absolute as it would have
offended the _pari passu_ principle by allowing the creditor to obtain an
unfair preference over similarly ranked creditors (at [96]) and granted the
company’s application for a stay of all proceedings (at [102]). Both decisions
were followed by Reyes J in _Hong Kong Institute of Education v Aoki
Corporation_ [2004] 2 HKLRD 760, where the court entered judgment against the
defendant company but stayed execution as the company was undergoing a civil
rehabilitation under the law of incorporation of the company.

97 Stays of proceedings or execution have also been ordered in other
jurisdictions when there is a pending foreign winding up order: see _Turners &
Growers Exporters Ltd v The ship "Cornelis Verolme"_ [1997] 2 NZLR 110 (New
Zealand); _Cunard Steamship Company Limited v Salen Reefer Services_ AB 773 F
2d 452 (2th Cir, 1985) (United States).

98 While the issue remains open for further consideration on a subsequent
occasion, we offer these provisional observations. Singapore courts are
clearly not bound by any stay of legal proceedings that flows from a foreign
winding up order in the absence of local winding up proceedings. Nonetheless,
it remains open to the courts to assist the foreign liquidation proceedings by
exercising their inherent discretion to stay proceedings: see Roy Goode,
_Principles of Corporate Insolvency Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2011) at
para 16-62; Philip Wood, _Principles of International Insolvency_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2007) at paras 28-044 to 28-045; _Cross Border Insolvency_ ch
10 at paras 10.27 and 10.54-10.56; see also the instructive discussion in P St
J Smart, “International insolvency: ancillary winding up and the foreign
corporation” (1990) 3 ICLQ 827 at pp 845-846.

99 Most courts recognise the desirability and practicality of a universal
collection and distribution of assets and that a creditor should not be able
to gain an unfair priority by an attachment or execution on assets located
within the jurisdiction of the court subsequent to a winding up order made
elsewhere. However, this can only operate as a very broad statement of
principle. Whether and how the Singapore court will render assistance to
foreign winding up proceedings through the regulation of its own proceedings
will depend on the particular circumstances before it. Assistance might, for
example, take the form of a stay of a claim if Singapore is not the _forum
conveniens_ ; or staying an execution or attachment; or exercising a
discretion against granting a garnishee order absolute; or refusing leave to
serve process out of the jurisdiction; or winding up the company in Singapore.
We would observe however that the commencement of legal proceedings against a
defendant foreign company or an attempt to levy execution against its assets
is not precluded by the mere fact that insolvency proceedings have been
commenced against the company in another jurisdiction.

Conclusion

100 For these reasons, we allowed the appeal and directed that the Singapore
Liquidators of Beluga Chartering were at liberty to remit the company’s assets
in Singapore to the German Liquidator subject to any deductions authorised or
required under the Act, notwithstanding the existence of the Singapore
Subsidiaries’ unsatisfied judgment debt. The parties agreed that they would
bear their own costs of the appeal.

101 We wish to express our gratitude to Mr Sim and Ms Wee for their
assistance. We especially wish to record our appreciation to Prof Yeo for the
characteristic clarity and incisiveness with which he elucidated the relevant
issues. Prof Yeo’s submissions were of considerable assistance to us.

* * *

[note: 1]AEIC of Namir Ahmed Khanbabi, Record of Appeal Vol IV (Part A) at p
40.

[note: 2]AEIC of Kwok Sai Soo, KSS-1, Record of Appeal Vol IV (Part B).

[note: 3]Agreed Statement of Facts for SUM 3435/2012 at para 4.

[note: 4]Record of Appeal Vol IV (Part A) at p 238.

[note: 5]Record of Appeal Vol IV (Part B) at pp 221-222.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

