Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mohd Nizam B Ismail _v_ Comptroller of Income Tax  
[2014] SGHCR 3

Case Number| :| Originating Summons Bankruptcy No 90 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Wong Shi Hui Janice AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr See Chern Yang (Premier Law LLC) for the plaintiff; Ms
Teh Ee-Von (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Mohd Nizam B Ismail — Comptroller of Income Tax  
  
29 January 2014|  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Janice Wong Shi Hui AR:

1 A man drawing a considerable income finds himself in financial difficulty.
He negotiates with the tax authority over his unpaid taxes and he says they
reached an agreement. Under that agreement, the tax authority promised him a
revised instalment plan for two months, and thereafter they will meet to
discuss in good faith and reach a reasonable agreement for the future
instalments. He also says that he was entitled to, and did, rely upon that
promise and ordered his affairs with his other creditors in a particular way,
so now the tax authority should not go back on that promise. It is on these
facts that this court is asked to decide if a statutory demand served by the
tax authority should be set aside.

Background

2 This is an application by the plaintiff to set aside a statutory demand
served on him by the defendant. The statutory demand was served in respect of
an amount of $111,716.92, being unpaid taxes for the Years of Assessment 2010,
2011 and 2012.

3 The plaintiff deposed in his affidavit that since January 2012, he had been
in touch with a Mr Sundramoorthy of the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore
(“IRAS”), in relation to a repayment plan over his unpaid taxes. In the course
of those meetings, an instalment repayment plan was agreed, which the
plaintiff adhered to throughout 2012. It is the plaintiff’s evidence that he
had difficulties paying his taxes, due to liabilities pursuant to a divorce in
2011 and debts owed to various financial institutions. These difficulties were
openly shared with Mr Sundramoorthy, and Mr Sundramoorthy did not raise
objections to the plaintiff’s proposed repayment plans to IRAS as well as his
other creditors.

4 On 15 January 2013, the plaintiff was retrenched by his former employer. The
plaintiff informed Mr Sundramoorthy of the change of his employment status,
and informed him that he would have difficulties adhering to the same
repayment plan for 2013.

5 On 27 February 2013, the plaintiff met Mr Sundramoorthy, and it was agreed
that IRAS would grant the plaintiff a revised instalment plan of $1,000 a
month until March 2013. It was also agreed that they would meet again in March
2013 to discuss in good faith and reach a reasonable agreement regarding the
future instalments. The plaintiff adhered to the revised plan.

6 On 20 March 2013, the plaintiff met Mr Sundramoorthy. The plaintiff deposed
in his affidavit that it was agreed that:

(a) IRAS would grant [the plaintiff] another revised instalment plan until May
2013; and

(b) [they] would again meet in May 2013 to discuss in good faith and reach a
reasonable agreement for the future instalments in light of any new employment
status.

(the “Agreement”).

(a) The plaintiff again adhered to the revised plan.

7 On 2 May 2013, the plaintiff was informed by Mr Sundramoorthy that a new
case officer, Mrs Kwan-Cho Seah Moi, had been assigned to his case. On the
same day, Mrs Kwan sent an email to the plaintiff, stating that further
extended or temporary instalment payment plans would not be considered. In her
email, she also told the plaintiff to maintain sufficient funds in his bank
account to make payment by Giro of his tax arrears on 6 May and 6 June 2013,
failing which recovery action including legal proceedings would be taken
against him.

8 On 13 May 2013, the defendant sent a letter to the plaintiff, asking him to
maintain sufficient funds in his bank account to meet the full payment by Giro
of $117,716.92, by 6 June 2013. The letter also stated that if payment was not
made by 6 June 2013, actions to recover the outstanding amounts including
legal proceedings would be taken against him.

9 On 16 May 2013, the plaintiff wrote a letter to the defendant. The plaintiff
made reference to the Agreement, and stated that he would not be able to make
payment of his tax arrears. On 28 May 2013, the defendant wrote to the
plaintiff. The defendant noted that despite the plaintiff’s high assessable
income for the Years of Assessment 2010 to 2013, his outstanding income tax
and penalties were unpaid. The defendant reminded the plaintiff to pay the
outstanding amounts by 6 June 2013, failing which actions to recover the
outstanding amounts including legal proceedings would be taken against him.

10 On 10 June 2013, the defendant informed the plaintiff that his tax arrears
of $117,716.92 had not been paid on 6 June 2013, and offered a final extension
of two weeks for the amount to be paid. The plaintiff was told to make payment
by 24 June 2013, failing which, bankruptcy proceedings or other legal action
would be taken against him.

11 In his next letter of 18 June 2013, the plaintiff again made reference to
the Agreement, and stated that he would not be able to pay his tax arrears in
June 2013. The defendant in its response of 8 July 2013 offered to allow the
plaintiff to pay his tax arrears by way of three monthly payments of around
$39,238.97, from July 2013 to September 2013. It was reiterated that
bankruptcy proceedings or other legal action would be commenced if this was
not paid.

12 In the meantime, on 1 July 2013, the plaintiff secured employment as a
partner of a law firm. His monthly income as a partner was $18,000.

13 On 22 August 2013, the defendant wrote to the plaintiff, informing him of a
final payment plan: that he would be allowed to pay his tax arrears, and in
addition his Year of Assessment 2013 tax, by way of monthly instalments of
$13,000 a month. This payment plan envisaged instalment payments starting from
6 September 2013, with the last instalment of $5,769.32 to be paid in
September 2014. It was reiterated that if the plaintiff failed to comply with
this arrangement, bankruptcy proceedings or other legal action would be
commenced against him.

14 On 5 September 2013, the defendant wrote to the plaintiff’s solicitors,
informing them that the plaintiff would have an extension of time until 20
September 2013 to pay the first monthly instalment of $13,000. The defendant
also gave the plaintiff up to 20 September 2013 to propose an alternate
payment proposal.

15 On 20 September 2013, the plaintiff, through his solicitors, proposed to
make monthly instalment payments of $6,000 from September 2013 to October
2015, and to make a final instalment payment of $5,769.32 in November 2015. On
the same day, the plaintiff made payment of $6,000 to the defendant which was
payment for the month of September 2013.

16 The plaintiff’s proposal was rejected by a letter from the defendant dated
3 October 2013. The defendant made reference to the many attempts to
accommodate the plaintiff but said that it could not agree to the plaintiff’s
proposal, given that the tax arrears had long been outstanding. The defendant
indicated that it would commence proceedings to recover the tax arrears.

17 The defendant subsequently served a statutory demand on the plaintiff on 7
October 2013.

The application

18 The plaintiff filed this application on 21 October 2013 pursuant to r 97 of
the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Bankruptcy Rules”) to set
aside the defendant’s statutory demand. The plaintiff relied on rr 98(2)(b)
and (e) of the Bankruptcy Rules. These rules provide that the court shall set
aside a statutory demand, if the underlying debt is disputed on grounds which
appear to the court to be substantial; or if the court is satisfied, on other
grounds, that the demand ought to be set aside.

19 It is trite law that the test to be applied in an application to set aside
a statutory demand is no different from the test to be applied for the grant
of summary judgment pursuant to O 14 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed), _ie_ , whether or not there are triable issues to go to trial: _Tan
Eng Joo v United Overseas Bank Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 703 (“ _Tan Eng Joo_ ”). The
threshold for the court is whether there is “some real doubt about the
question, thus, a triable issue, upon which further evidence or arguments
[are] required”: _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Lim Chor Pee_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 370 at
[19]; _Tan Eng Joo_ at [5].

20 The plaintiff submitted that there are triable issues pertaining to the
question of whether the debt was immediately due and payable to the defendant
because:

(a) There was a compromise agreement through an oral agreement between the
parties on 20 March 2013 that, amongst others, the plaintiff and defendant
would meet in May 2013 to discuss in good faith and reach a reasonable
agreement for the future instalments of the debt in light of any new
employment status of the plaintiff;

(b) The defendant was estopped from claiming on an immediate full repayment of
the debt by reason of the Agreement and/or events surrounding the same; and/or

(c) The certificate issued by the defendant under s 89(4) of the Income Tax
Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Income Tax Act”) was not applicable.

21 The point at [20(c)] above relating to the certificate may be disposed of
fairly quickly. The defendant had, in its affidavit resisting the application,
exhibited a certificate setting out the total amount of tax owed by the
plaintiff. This certificate was issued under s 89(4) of the Income Tax Act,
which provides that:

In any suit under this section, the production of a certificate signed by the
Comptroller giving the name and address of the defendant and the amount of
tax, interest or penalty due by him shall be sufficient evidence of the amount
so due and sufficient authority for the court to give judgment for that
amount.

22 The defendant submitted that the certificate was incontrovertible evidence
of the amount due, and gave authority to the court to grant judgment. In other
words, the plaintiff could not, in the face of a certificate signed by the
Comptroller of Income Tax and pursuant to s 89(4) of the Income Tax Act,
dispute the underlying debt and the court should grant judgment based on the
certificate.

23 However, the fact that there was a certificate under s 89(4) of the Income
Tax Act does not indicate that triable issues do not exist. Whilst it may have
been “sufficient evidence” of the underlying debt, it does not dispose of the
question of whether there are triable issues as to the Agreement between the
parties and as to estoppel preventing the defendant from claiming full
repayment of the debt. The certificate does not even address the points raised
by the plaintiff as to the Agreement or as to estoppel, but merely sets out
the amount owed. In any event, the plaintiff does not dispute the quantum of
the debt, which is not in issue here.

24 The defendant also submitted that pursuant to s 85 of the Income Tax Act,
tax assessed is payable within one month of service of the notice of
assessment notwithstanding any objection or appeal by the taxpayer. The
defendant submitted that the plaintiff was not entitled to pay in instalments,
and there could not therefore be any issue with the defendant demanding
payment for the entire balance upon default of any payment. Counsel for the
defendant stopped short of saying that the defendant could rely on s 85 of the
Income Tax Act to disregard any agreement or estoppel arguments that may be
raised by the plaintiff.

25 There is a good reason why the counsel for the defendant did not extend the
argument to what would have been the logical conclusion. Section 85(2) of the
Income Tax Act provides that the Comptroller of Income Tax has the power to
extend the time limit within which payment is to be made. Section 85 of the
Income Tax Act is set out in full below:

**Time within which payment is to be made**

85.—(1) Subject to section 91, tax for any year of assessment levied in
accordance with the provisions of this Act shall, notwithstanding any
objection or appeal against the assessment on which the tax is levied, by
payable at the place stated in the notice given under section 76 within one
month after the service of the notice.

(2) The Comptroller may, in his discretion and subject to such terms and
conditions, including the imposition of interest, as he may impose, extend the
time limit within which payment is to be made.

26 Therefore s 85 of the Income Tax Act does not entitle the Comptroller to
resile from any extension of time that he has agreed to give or promised to
give, as the time limit under s 85(1) is stated to be subject to any extension
granted under s 85(2). Moreover, I am not convinced that s 85 of the Income
Tax Act addresses the question of whether there are triable issues raised in
relation to the Agreement and estoppel. I now turn to these issues.

The Agreement

27 The plaintiff submitted that there is a triable issue as to whether the
debt was due and payable in light of the Agreement. Alternatively, there is a
triable issue as to whether the defendant’s proposals of settlement were
reasonable and in good faith, and in accordance with the Agreement. The
plaintiff submitted that the defendant had breached the Agreement, as there
was no good faith meeting between the parties to discuss repayment, and the
proposals for repayment put forward by the defendant were not reasonable.

28 The defendant raised several arguments in response. First, there was a
suggestion by the defendant that there was no binding agreement between
parties, but merely a payment arrangement. The defendant submitted that the
plaintiff would probably have represented to the defendant that he had
insufficient funds and many outstanding debts, and there could have been a
temporary arrangement given to the plaintiff to make payments of smaller sums.
However, such arrangements could not be seen as binding agreements, as the law
was that tax had to be paid within one month.

29 I do not accept the submission made by the defendant. As stated above,
pursuant to s 85(2) of the Income Tax Act, the Comptroller has the power to
extend the time limit within which payment is to be made. Further, the
defendant had not adduced any evidence on the alleged Agreement, or more
importantly, to contradict the plaintiff’s averred facts as to the Agreement.
The affidavit filed on behalf of the defendant did not contain any account of
what took place between the plaintiff and Mr Sundramoorthy. There is therefore
no evidential basis for the defendant’s version of facts set out at [28]
above, and I accept the plaintiff’s version of events as to the Agreement.

30 Second, the defendant submitted that the alleged Agreement was not complete
and certain as it was only an agreement to agree. The defendant submitted that
the terms of “good faith” and “reasonable agreement” (see [6] on the
Agreement) were subjective and the Agreement was thus too uncertain to be
enforced.

31 The plaintiff on the other hand submitted that the Agreement was
enforceable. He relied on the Court of Appeal decision of _HSBC Institutional
Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd (trustee of Starhill Global Real Estate
Investment Trust) v Toshin Development Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2012] 4 SLR 738 (“
_Toshin_ ”) to support his argument.

32 _Toshin_ involved a dispute between a landlord and tenant over a
contractual rent review mechanism in the lease agreement between them. The
rent for each new rental term after the first rental term was to be determined
by agreement between the parties or, failing agreement, by three international
firms of licensed valuers appointed either jointly by the parties or by the
President or other designated officer of the Singapore Institute of Surveyors
and Valuers. The relevant part of the clause in the contract provided that the
parties shall “in good faith endeavour to agree on the prevailing market
rental value of the Demised Premises” (_Toshin_ at [6]). The Court of Appeal
held that this clause was valid. The plaintiff submitted that, applying the
decision in _Toshin_ , the Agreement was similarly enforceable.

33 I am of the view that _Toshin_ dealt with a different factual situation.
The facts of _Toshin_ related to a contractual mechanism to negotiate in good
faith in respect of rent review, within the confines of a concluded long-term
lease. On the present facts, there was no such contractual framework.
Notwithstanding this, I accept that _Toshin_ stands for the general
proposition that an enforceable agreement does arise from a clause that
obliges parties to negotiate in good faith.

34 However, the Agreement went beyond merely obliging parties to negotiate in
good faith. The Agreement also provided for parties to reach a reasonable
agreement on future instalments. I am of the view that a term that required
parties to reach a “reasonable” agreement is too uncertain to be enforced.
This was not a situation where most of the terms relating to future
instalments had already been agreed, leaving only minor points to be
determined between parties. Here, the Agreement required parties to reach a
“reasonable” agreement on an issue which was critical to each party, namely,
how future instalments were to be paid. There was no clarity nor any agreed
criteria as to what would amount to such a “reasonable” agreement. There was
no agreed process or mechanism to resolve matters, if negotiations between the
parties proved unsuccessful or if the parties disagreed as to what instalment
plan was reasonable. It would be odd indeed if the Agreement required the
defendant to indefinitely hold its hands until and unless a “reasonable”
agreement had been reached, despite the lack of an agreed process to resolve
disputes over the instalment plan. I consider that to the extent that the
Agreement required a “reasonable” agreement to be reached, it is unworkable
and void for uncertainty.

35 For completeness, I now deal with the third argument raised by the
defendant. The defendant submitted that there was no consideration for the
Agreement, because this case fell within the situation where there was a
promise to perform an existing duty imposed by law. The defendant sought to
rely on the general rule that the mere performance of a public duty imposed by
law does not, without more, constitute sufficient consideration in law for the
promisor’s promise. If, however, something extra is furnished by the promisee,
this would constitute sufficient consideration in law: _Gay Choon Ing v Loh
Sze Ti Terence Peter and another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 at [105]. The
defendant submitted that the plaintiff had a legal duty to pay his debts, and
larger policy considerations were involved when there was a duty imposed by
law. A taxpayer should not be allowed to hold IRAS to ransom over the tax he
is obliged at law to pay.

36 On the other hand, the plaintiff submitted that this case fell within the
situation of a promise to perform an existing contractual duty owed to the
promisor. This brought it within the ambit of the principles set down by
notable cases such as _Stilk v Myrick_ (1809) 2 Camp 317, _Williams v Roffey
Bros & Nicholls (Contractors) Ltd_ [1991] 1 QB 1 (“ _Williams_ ”) and _Foakes
v Beer_ (1884) 9 App Cas 605 (“ _Foakes_ ”), and took it outside the cases
relating to the performance of a public duty.

37 I do not accept the argument by the defendant set out at [35] above. Chitty
opines that the cases in the category of “public duty” are more readily
explained on grounds of public policy: _Chitty on Contracts_ , vol 1 (H G
Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2012) at para 3-062. In other words,
where public policy does not militate against the enforcement of a promise
made, this line of cases should not be applied. It seems to me that whilst
public policy would be against a public servant receiving payments for
carrying out his duty, it should not affect the enforceability of agreements
made or promises given by a public body.

38 Assuming IRAS had clearly agreed with an individual on the timing of
payment of tax and the instalment amounts, I do not consider that it is open
to IRAS to argue that such agreement is unenforceable on grounds of public
policy. I do not consider that public policy engages in such a case. I note
that the plaintiff had pointed to a decision by the English Court of Appeal
involving somewhat similar facts, as falling within the situation of a promise
to perform an existing contractual duty owed to the promisor: _Re Selectmove
Ltd_ [1995] 1 WLR 474.

39 Further, I find that there was consideration in the form of practical
benefit to the defendant. _Williams_ , which stands for the principle that a
factual benefit or detriment can constitute sufficient consideration in law,
is generally accepted as being part of the law of Singapore: _Fong Holdings
Pte Ltd v Computer Library (S) Pte Ltd_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 834; _Sharon Global
Solutions Pte Ltd v LG International (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 233;
_Teo Seng Kee Bob v Arianecorp Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1114. I accept the
plaintiff’s submission that the Agreement would have led to practical benefits
to the defendant in the form of payments made pursuant to an agreed schedule.
Further, with the Agreement in place, the defendant would not have to go
through the cost and trouble of commencing proceedings to recover the debt, or
take the risk of whether or when the debt could ever be recovered from a
bankrupt plaintiff. Such agreements can clearly be of practical value to
creditors, as can be seen in creditors’ willingness to negotiate with debtors
for recovery of outstanding debts. Such agreements are also consistent with
commercial reality.

40 In the circumstances, there was practical benefit and I find that there was
consideration for the Agreement. However, the plaintiff ultimately failed to
convince me that the debt was disputed on substantial grounds and he was
entitled to set aside the statutory demand. As stated at [34] above, the
Agreement was too uncertain insofar as it required parties to reach a
reasonable agreement. The position might have been different if the Agreement
had provided a clear and workable process for the parties to arrive at an
instalment plan for tax arrears. I therefore decline to set aside the
statutory demand on the ground of the Agreement.

Estoppel

41 The plaintiff’s second principal argument was that the defendant was
estopped from claiming the debt in full as it would be inequitable for the
defendant to resile from the promise made by Mr Sundramoorthy on 20 March
2013.

42 The plaintiff submitted that the promise was essentially the cornerstone of
the Agreement, that is, the defendant would, instead of claiming for the full
amount of the debt, agree to an instalment plan and meet with the plaintiff in
good faith in May 2013 to reach a reasonable agreement for the future
instalments in light of the plaintiff’s new employment status. The plaintiff
submitted that he had changed his position by making part payments in
accordance with the Agreement; he had structured and entered into compromise
agreements with his other creditors; and he had obtained loans from third
parties to help to pay off those other creditors and the defendant. Having
made those commitments, the plaintiff said that he was unable to restore
himself to his position prior to the promise that was made.

43 The defendant submitted that no representation had been made to the
plaintiff that he could take time to pay his debts. Rather, the plaintiff had
represented that he was unable to pay and, because of that, the plaintiff was
allowed time to pay. The defendant also submitted that the alleged promise was
too vague to constitute an unambiguous representation that the defendant would
not enforce its rights. Further, the defendant submitted that there was no
reliance on any representation made by the defendant, and it had not behaved
in an inequitable manner.

44 As no evidence has been put forward by the defendant to explain the
Agreement or what had transpired between Mr Sundramoorthy and the plaintiff, I
do not accept the defendant’s submission that no representation had been made
by the defendant. On the evidence, it is not disputed that there was a
representation by the defendant. One part of that related to negotiations, and
I find that there was a promise that the parties would negotiate in good
faith. But I am not convinced that the promise was that the debt would not be
enforced until negotiations culminated in a reasonable agreement between the
parties. There was no clear promise that the defendant would not pursue its
legal rights until a reasonable agreement was reached, nor was it clear at all
how such an agreement was intended to be reached or how disagreements between
the parties (including as to what was “reasonable”) were to be dealt with. The
promise was therefore not sufficiently unambiguous, clear and certain for
estoppel to be invoked: _Woodhouse AC Israel Cocoa Ltd SA and another v
Nigerian Produce Marketing Co Ltd_ [1972] AC 741; _Wardley Ltd v Bestland
Development Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and another and other appeals_ [1992] 3
SLR(R) 275.

45 In any event, I note that by the time the first email of 2 May 2013 was
sent by the defendant to the plaintiff, the plaintiff would have had notice
that the promise was off the cards. Promissory estoppel is generally
suspensory in effect, in that a promisor may resile from his promise by the
giving of reasonable notice, which gives the promisee a reasonable opportunity
of resuming his position. The promise only becomes final and irrevocable if
the promisee cannot resume his position: _Emmanuel Ayodeji Ajayi (trading
under the name and style of The Colony Carrier Co) v R T Briscoe (Nigeria)
Ltd_ [1964] 1 WLR 1326; _Ramnani Kishinchand Bulchand v Personal
Representatives of the Estate of Roop Vaswani, deceased_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 287.

46 The defendant’s email of 2 May 2013 informed the plaintiff to maintain
sufficient funds in his bank account to make payment by Giro in May and June
2013, failing which actions would be taken to recover the outstanding amounts.
Subsequent letters written by the defendant contained a similar warning that
enforcement action would be taken if payment was not made. A total of five
such letters were written by the defendant, on 13 May 2013, 28 May 2013, 10
June 2013, 8 July 2013 and 22 August 2013. On 3 October 2013, the defendant
informed the plaintiff that it could not agree with the plaintiff’s proposal
for payment, and said that recovery action would be commenced against the
plaintiff.

47 I do not accept the plaintiff’s argument that the defendant did not make
clear its intention of resiling from its promise until the statutory demand
was served. I am of the view that the defendant, in its letters from 2 May
2013 onwards, had repeatedly made it very clear that enforcement action would
be taken if payment of tax arrears was not made. Further, the plaintiff would
have known this from the correspondence with the defendant leading up to
service of the statutory demand. The defendant’s intentions were therefore
made known to the plaintiff in the correspondence starting 2 May 2013, whilst
the statutory demand was served only on 7 October 2013. The plaintiff would
have had reasonable notice that the defendant intended to enforce its strict
legal rights, and would have had a reasonable amount of time to make the
necessary adjustments.

48 The plaintiff however argued that the defendant’s promise was final and
irrevocable, as he had ordered his affairs in a particular way and could not
resume his original position. The plaintiff submitted that he had relied on
the promise made by the defendant, and structured his repayment plan to the
defendant and his other creditors accordingly. In particular, he had made
payments for the maintenance of his ex-wife and children, obtained friendly
loans from relatives and friends to repay his debts to certain financial
institutions, and made composite arrangements with other financial
institutions to repay them a total of $1,900 per month. Having committed to
these financial arrangements, he was unable to return to his original position
as the funds that were once available to him for repayment to the defendant
had been paid to third parties.

49 I am not convinced by the plaintiff’s argument that, in reliance on the
promise, he had changed his position such that he was unable to resume his
original position. On the facts presented, the plaintiff’s obligations
relating to maintenance were pursuant to consent orders made in February and
June 2012, long before the promise by the defendant was made in March 2013. I
am also not convinced that the plaintiff had borrowed money and paid off his
other creditors based on reasonable reliance on the defendant’s promise. In my
view, the plaintiff had various creditors, some of whom had commenced actions
in court to recover their debts, and the plaintiff had to fight off various
fires raging at his doorstep. It appears that he fought off the most pressing
fires by borrowing money to pay off those creditors. The plaintiff must have
known that, in relation to the debt owed to the defendant, he could buy some
time, but actions to recover the debt would ultimately be brought against him.
By May 2013, the plaintiff would have known that the defendant intended to
enforce its strict legal rights. I note that there was a marked lack of detail
in the plaintiff’s evidence as to when the composite agreements were made with
his other creditors, when payments were made to his other creditors, how much
was paid, how much money was borrowed from friends and relatives, and why he
was now unable to resume his earlier position. By 1 July 2013, the plaintiff
had the added advantage of securing employment as a partner of a law firm,
earning a monthly income of $18,000. I was unconvinced by the submission made
by the plaintiff that he had altered his position in such a way that he was
not able to resume the position prior to the promise being made, and I reject
that submission.

50 I am therefore not satisfied that a triable issue has been raised as to
whether the defendant should be estopped from claiming on an immediate full
repayment of the debt.

51 I should add that the defendant also submitted that the doctrine of
estoppel, which is essentially a remedy available in private law, was
unsuitable for application to matters involving a public authority carrying
out its public duties as was the case on the present facts. However, as this
argument was raised for the first time in further submissions filed by the
defendant and the plaintiff did not have a chance to address this argument, I
did not consider this argument in coming to my decision. In any case, given my
views above, it is not necessary for me to do so.

Conclusion

52 For the reasons set out above, I do not think that the Agreement was
enforceable, or that the defendant was estopped from claiming the debt from
the plaintiff. I therefore decline to set aside the statutory demand under r
98(2)(b) or (e) of the Bankruptcy Rules. The defendant is authorised to file a
bankruptcy application against the plaintiff, pursuant to r 98(3) of the
Bankruptcy Rules.

53 I thank counsel for their detailed submissions. I will hear parties on
costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

