Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ACB _v_ Thomson Medical Pte Ltd and others  
[2014] SGHC 36

Case Number| :| Suit No 467 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 327 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 February 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  N Sreenivasan SC and Palaniappan Sundararaj (Straits Law
Practice LLC) for the plaintiff; Lok Vi Ming SC, Audrey Chiang Ju Hua and
Calvin Lim (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  ACB — Thomson Medical Pte Ltd and others  
  
25 February 2014| Judgment Reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a Chinese woman married to a German of Caucasian descent.
They have a son conceived in 2006 through an assisted fertilisation procedure
commonly known as In-Vitro Fertilisation or “IVF” for short. In October 2010
the plaintiff delivered a daughter (named “Baby P” in this action) also
conceived through IVF. When the IVF procedure was carried out in respect of
Baby P, a mistake was made and the plaintiff’s egg was fertilised with the
sperm of a third party male (“the Donor”) instead of the sperm of the
plaintiff’s husband. The plaintiff sued the defendants in the tort of
negligence and breach of contract.

2 The first defendant is the company that owned the second defendant, which
was the medical centre in which the IVF procedure was carried out on the
plaintiff. The third defendant was the embryologist who was responsible for
the collection and storage of the bottle containing the plaintiff’s husband’s
sperms. The fourth defendant was the Chief Embryologist at the third
defendant. The parties applied to have a question of law to be determined. The
question raised two items of claim. The first (referred to in the proceedings
here and below as “the Upkeep Claim”) was the issue of whether the plaintiff
was entitled to the expenses incurred that may reasonably be incurred in
bringing up Baby P. The second (“the Provisional Damages claim”) concerned the
claim for provisional damages, by which the plaintiff sought to make the
defendants liable to pay for damages (until Baby P reaches 35 years of age)
arising from any genetic condition or disease that might be attributable to
the genes of the unknown male sperm donor. The defendants applied to strike
out these two claims from the action. The learned Assistant Registrar David
Lee (“AR Lee”) agreed with the defendants’ counsel’s submission that these
claims were contrary to public policy, and thus ruled against the plaintiff in
both issues in the question of law. These portions of the claims were struck
out from the action. The plaintiff appealed only against the order regarding
the Upkeep Claim in this appeal before me.

3 Mr Sreenivasan, counsel for the plaintiff, submitted that the Upkeep claim
should be allowed, whether in contract or tort. He argued the Upkeep claim
should be allowed in tort on the grounds of public policy and that it involved
reasonably foreseeable damage. He submitted that AR Lee’s decision was based
on _McFarlane v Tayside Health Board_ [2000] 2 AC 59 (“ _McFarlane_ ”). He
argued that that case was not an appropriate precedent. He argued that
_Cattanach v Melchior_ [2003] 215 CLR 1 (“ _Cattanach_ ”), from the High Court
of Australia, ought to be followed instead. Mr Sreenivasan also submitted that
the court below was wrong to find that the Upkeep claim was too remote in the
plaintiff’s alternative cause of action under breach of contract. He argued
that the damages were not remote.

4 Mr Sreenivasan’s arguments were based on the fact that the mistake was not
discovered until after Baby P was born. He submitted that, had the mistake
been discovered sufficiently early, the plaintiff could have terminated the
pregnancy, but once that opportunity had passed, the defendants must
contemplate that someone would have been obliged to bring up the baby.
Although counsel accepted that the law obliges the parents to bring up the
child, he referred to s 70(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) as
a basis for imposing financial obligations on the defendants. I should deal
with this point first as it is not relevant. Section 70(1) allows persons who
have accepted a child into their family to seek a court order compelling the
child’s father or mother to pay for the child’s upkeep. The person who might
be liable under s 70(1) in this case can only have been the Donor, but I doubt
that the Donor would have been ordered by any court to pay for Baby P’s
upkeep, given the circumstances of this case.

5 The contest of legal authorities in the court below and on appeal before me
was the differing views between _McFarlane_ and _Cattanach_. _McFarlane_ was a
four-to-one decision from the House of Lords. _Cattanach_ was a four-to-three
decision in the High Court of Australia. Both cases concerned claims for the
expenses of bringing up a child conceived after the mother was negligently
advised that the sterilisation procedure was complete and no contraception was
required. These were referred to as “unwanted birth cases”. The majority in
_McFarlane_ was not in favour of allowing such claims, whereas the majority in
_Cattanach_ formed the opposite view.

6 The crucial difference between those cases and the present appeal before me
is that in the present case, Baby P was not an unwanted birth in the sense
that the plaintiff mother did not want to have a baby at all. The plaintiff
just wanted a baby conceived with her husband’s sperm. This is an important
distinction for the reasons that follow.

7 The House of Lords gave various reasons for disallowing the claim for
upkeep. Lord Steyn expressed the majority view when he held in _McFarlane_ at
83:

Relying on principles of distributive justice I am persuaded that our tort law
does not permit parents of a healthy unwanted child to claim the costs of
bringing up the child from a health authority or a doctor.

None of the Law Lords who referred to distributive justice explained which
idea or principle from that vast ocean of philosophy they had found relevant.
Distributive justice is a philosophical subject that leaves philosophers with
much to say about one another’s vision of what constitutes distributive
justice. Distributive justice is also primarily concerned with the
distribution of wealth across society. Volumes have been written about the
egalitarian nature of distributive justice as well as implications of liberty.
Resort to distributive justice is, therefore, generally not appropriate when
one is discussing the specific entitlements of an individual in law. Hence,
Kirby J, in _Cattanach_ , might hence have been perplexed by the references to
this subject in _McFarlane_. He thought that the Law Lords called distributive
justice in aid because the defendant there was the national health authority.
We may not know for certain, but in my view, any discussion of distributive
justice in this case would not be appropriate because there is no direct
principle in distributive justice that might be appropriate in the present
case.

8 Kirby J distinguished _McFarlane_ , in _Cattanach_ at [178], as follows:

One writer has argued that the House of Lords decision in _McFarlane_ reflects
a particular factual context in the United Kingdom whereby most patients in
this class of case bring their claim, in effect, against the local authority
representing the National Health Service, not, as in Australia, against
individual physician or surgeon or healthcare facility legally responsible for
the legal wrong. Concern to protect the viability of the National Health
Service at a time multiple demands upon it might indeed help to explain the
evocation in the House of Lords in _McFarlane_ of the notion of “distributive
justice”. But such a consideration has no part to plain the identification of
an applicable Australia public policy.

The factual background in the case before me is similar to _Cattanach_ in that
we are not here concerned with a public health authority. In any event, the
House of Lords in _McFarlane_ was not inclined to rely on public policy to
found liability either. The majority Law Lords thought of public policy as
“quicksand” and emphatically avoided it as a basis for their decision in that
case. If public policy is a quicksand, philosophies of distributive justice
are sinkholes. Nonetheless, in spite of such noble protests, courts have to
adjudicate, from time to time, difficult cases in which they have little else
apart from policy considerations to rely on. Hence, the Court of Appeal
recognises that policy considerations can be relevant (see _Spandeck
Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency_ [2007] 4 SLR(R)
100 at [83]–[85]).

9 Sometimes, a court applies the convenient label of public policy without
articulating what the policy was; conversely, it may, at other times, avoid
public policy considerations altogether. But it is probably true that in many
cases, such as unwanted birth cases involving matters of rights and legal
standing, legislative intervention is required. Courts in the UK and Australia
have refused to allow claims by children for their upkeep in wrongful birth
cases. The reasoning behind this refusal is articulated by Lord Steyn in,
_McFarlane_ at 83, who cited with approval the following quote from The Law of
Torts in Australia:

[I]t might seem somewhat inconsistent to allow a claim by the parents while
that of the child, whether healthy or disabled, is rejected. Surely the
parents’ claim is equally repugnant to ideas of the sanctity and value of
human life and rests, like that of the child, on a comparison between a
situation where a human being exists and one where it does not.

10 The majority in _McFarlane_ , ultimately, distilled the rationale to the
narrower basis that the law of torts does not permit a claim for purely
economic loss. Purely economic loss, I should explain, is to be contrasted
with consequential economic loss. The costs of hospitalisation and medical
fees incurred in the delivery of an unwanted baby are consequential economic
loss and can be recovered. The majority in _McFarlane_ was of the view that
the benefits and joy of bringing up the child in an unwanted birth case cannot
be properly measured in order to set off against the expenses of bringing up
the child. In the present case before me, the plaintiff was prepared to expend
money to bring up a child. That obligation remains, not only with her, but
also with her husband even though he might not be the biological father, as
the decision to keep Baby P must have been a joint decision. The husband,
however, is not a party in this action.

11 Lord Steyn held in _McFarlane_ , at 79, that with _Murphy v Brentwood
District Council_ [1991] 1 AC 398 (“ _Murphy_ ”), the common law had sounded a
full retreat from _Anns v Merton London Borough Council_ [1978] AC 728, the
case that allowed claims for purely economic loss to sneak into the law of
torts. The Court of Appeal in Singapore declined to accept _Murphy_ as an
absolute rule restricting claims for purely economic loss to cases of
negligent misstatements in the vein of _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller &
Partners Ltd_ [1964] AC 465 (“ _Hedley Byrne_ ”) (see _Spandeck_ at
[68]–[72]). The emphasis in _Spandeck_ , so far as purely economic loss is
concerned, was on how the loss occurred and not what kind of loss it was. The
claim in _Spandeck_ itself was dismissed at first instance and on appeal.
Outside of _Hedley Byrne_ , the courts have been reluctant to award damages
for purely economic loss. The Court of Appeal in _Spandeck_ noted, at [69],
that damages for purely economic loss have so far been awarded in cases where
the loss was related to the economic value of land. The reason may be that in
such cases, the loss was not only purely economic, it was also the only loss
arising from the breach of duty.

12 The _Spandeck_ redacted test for duty in the tort of negligence seems to be
a restoration of the Atkinian test based on the “neighbour” principle in
_M’alister (Or Donoghue) (Pauper) v Stevenson_ [1932] AC 562, with the added
flavour of judiciously determined considerations of policy. On the basis of
the proximity between the plaintiff and the defendants, there is little doubt
that duty will readily be established. The issue is the extent of compensation
by way of damages that flows from a breach of that duty. In the present case,
Baby P was not a loss arising from the breach of duty. Furthermore, it cannot
be said that the plaintiff and her husband were not contemplating having to
expend money to bring up a child. On the contrary, the reason they engaged the
defendants was so that they could have a child. This case cannot be compared
to the cases where purely economic was deemed recoverable in damages. I am of
the view that the Upkeep Claim in tort in this case is one for purely economic
loss which, even if liability in negligence was established, cannot be
recovered. However, that does not mean that this appeal has to be dismissed.

13 This appeal arose from an application to strike out the part of the
plaintiff’s claim relating to the upkeep of the child. It is inappropriate
that an application to strike out was brought in a case such as this. The
facts did not seem to be very much disputed, but the claims as to
reasonableness of damages were challenged on law. If the issue were strictly
on damages, then the dispute should be addressed during the assessment of
damages after liability has been determined. In a case such as this, the issue
of damages should not be heard in isolation because both the liability and
damages aspects of the case are connected. This was not heard as a preliminary
point of law in respect of liability and quantum although counsel for both
sides appeared to have proceeded as such in their submissions before me as
well as in the court below. Had Mr Sreenivasan submitted that this issue ought
to be heard by the trial judge, I would have allowed the plaintiff’s appeal
and set aside the order striking out the claim, but he seemed as keen as the
defendants’ counsel, Mr Lok, to dispose of this appeal as if the issue in
dispute was an independent one. Counsel should also bear in mind that the
plaintiff’s claim is founded in both contract and tort on the same facts. They
must be tried together. Hence, this issue (the validity of the Upkeep Claim)
may also not be appropriate to be tried as a preliminary issue. Both counsel
appear to treat the liability for the Upkeep Claim as an issue in liability
but it is really an issue in damages.

14 However, since counsel on both sides, by mutual consent, argued on the
correctness in law of awarding an Upkeep Claim, I am giving my reasons for not
accepting Mr Sreenivasan’s submissions as to the validity of the Upkeep Claim.
Although I am of the view that the Upkeep Claim is not recoverable as damages
in tort, I am setting aside the order below and direct that the claim proceed
to trial. Further, the plaintiff is also making the Upkeep Claim in contract
(although not in the court below). How does the court assess damages in a
contract claim before liability has been determined?

15 Damages in contract will generally not be recoverable unless the loss and
damage flow from the breach. It is understandable that the plaintiff and her
husband would be aggrieved by the defendants’ error, and they might be
entitled to general damages for that distress. However, whether the defendants
were negligent or not and whether they were in breach of contract or not, the
plaintiff and her husband would have to expend money to bring up the child
conceived through IVF. Expenses for the upkeep of the child, whether it was
Baby P or another, cannot be considered damage or loss arising from the
defendants’ conduct. While I am thus also doubtful of the plaintiff’s chances
of success in the contract claim on account of remoteness, I am of the view
that the matter must be heard at trial so that all the loose ends in fact and
law may be heard and adjudicated. The trial judge is at liberty to form his
own views on the Upkeep Claim. I have only expressed mine by reason of the
peculiar situation arising from the defendants’ application to strike out the
claim at this stage. For the reasons above, the order striking out the
relevant portion of the claim is therefore set aside. The costs of the
striking out application and the appeal shall be reserved to the trial judge.

16 What I now say may not be a principle in law, but I believe that it is a
treasured value in humanity, and that is that no parent would want her child
to grow up thinking that she (the child) was a mistake. Were the plaintiff to
succeed in the Upkeep Claim, whether in tort or in contract, every cent
expended in the upbringing of Baby P will remind her that it was money from a
compensation for a mistake. Baby P should not ever have to grow up thinking
that her very existence was a mistake. If there is any reason for not pursuing
or granting the Upkeep Claim, the emotional wellbeing of Baby P is reason
enough.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Feb 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

