Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ho Kang Peng _v_ Scintronix Corp Ltd (formerly known as TTL Holdings Ltd)  
[2014] SGCA 22

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 24 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alvin Tan Kheng Ann (Wong Thomas & Leong) for the
Appellant; Tony Yeo and Fong King Man (Drew & Napier LLC) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Ho Kang Peng — Scintronix Corp Ltd (formerly known as TTL
Holdings Ltd)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 2 SLR 633.]

30 April 2014| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal arises from the decision of the High Court in Suit No 207 of
2009 (“the Suit”). The appellant, Ho Kang Peng (“the Appellant”), who at the
relevant time was the chief executive officer (“CEO”) and a director of the
respondent, TTL Holdings Limited (“the Company”), was found liable for the
breach of various fiduciary duties owed to the Company. The liability arose
from certain payments made by the Company to a third party which the High
Court found to be unauthorised. The key issues in this appeal concern the
purpose for which the payments were made, whether they were duly sanctioned by
the Company, and whether the Company is precluded from claiming against the
Appellant because it was allegedly equally at fault.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

2 The Company is a publicly listed company on the Stock Exchange of Singapore
(“SGX”) and is engaged in the manufacture and supply of moulds and finished
plastic components.

3 The Appellant was the CEO of the Company from 1 November 2005, an executive
director of the Company from 24 November 2005 and the executive chairman of
the Company from 23 November 2007. He stepped down as the CEO and executive
chairman on 28 March 2008, but remained as a non-executive director of the
Company until 23 October 2008.

Background to the dispute

4 In the Suit, the Company claimed against the Appellant for breach of
fiduciary, statutory, and contractual duties as a director, and against one
Chow Weng Fook (“Chow”) for breach of duties of fidelity and contractual
duties as an employee. The claims against Chow were dismissed by the High
Court judge (“the Judge”). However, the Appellant was found to have breached
his fiduciary duties by failing to seek the approval of the Company’s board of
directors (“the Board”) for the remuneration packages of certain contracted
advisors and by authorising payments to a Taiwanese company known as Bontech
Enterprise Co Ltd (“Bontech”). These payments were made pursuant to a supposed
consulting agreement between the Company and Bontech for unspecified services
(“the Bontech Agreement”). The present appeal relates only to the decision of
the Judge that the Appellant was in breach of his fiduciary duties by
authorising the Payments to Bontech pursuant to the Bontech Agreement.

5 The Appellant signed the Bontech Agreement on behalf of the Company on 1
August 2006. It was to operate for a year. The Bontech Agreement was in title
a “Consulting Agreement” and the relevant terms are as follows:

**1**. **Retention of Consultant** ; Services to be performed. CLIENT hereby
retains CONSULTANT for the terms of this Agreement to provide the consulting
services set forth in Schedule A for CLIENT (Services).

...

**2**. **Payment.** CLIENT shall pay CONSULTANT for work done for that month
through Cheque payment. Payment shall usually be made on a quarterly basis for
United States Dollar Fifteen Thousand and Five Hundred (USD15,500) equivalent.
…

...

**4**. **Term and Termination.**

(a) Unless terminated at an earlier date in accordance with Section 5 (b),
this Agreement shall commence as of the date first written above and shall
continue for one year.

6 It is common ground that there was in fact no “Schedule A” to the Bontech
Agreement, a schedule which was supposed to set out the scope of Bontech’s
services to be provided to the Company. Notwithstanding the fact that no
services were rendered by Bontech to the Company, the latter nevertheless made
eight payments totalling S$169,644.97 to Bontech purportedly under the Bontech
Agreement (“the Payments”). The Payments were made in United States dollars
and on each occasion pursuant to payment vouchers signed by the Appellant. No
invoices or receipts were issued by Bontech for the Payments. The details of
the Payments are as follows:

S/N |  Date of Payment |  Description |  Amount (S$)  
---|---|---|---  
1 |  4 August 2006 |  Professional fee from August 06 – October 06, US$15,500 |  24,484.25  
2 |  3 November 2006 |  Professional fee from November 06 – December 06, US$15,500 |  24,311.75  
3 |  31 January 2007 |  Professional fee from November 06 – January 07, US$15,500 |  23,939.75  
4 |  25 April 2007 |  Professional fee from February 07 – April 07, US$16,000 |  24,344.00  
5 |  26 July 2007 |  Professional fee from May 07 –July 07, US$16,062.12 |  24,616.00  
6 |  14 November 2007 |  Professional fee from August 07 – October 07, US$16,000 |  23,192.00  
7 |  30 November 2007 |  Out-of-pocket money, US$500 |  724.75  
8 |  29 February 2008 |  Professional fee from November 07 – January 08, US$16,996.43 |  24,034.47  
**Total sum of the payments to Bontech** |  **169,644.97**  
  
  

7 The Payments were allegedly handed over to one of the Company’s Shanghai-
based directors, Oh Chye Huat (“Oh”). The Appellant’s evidence in this regard
was that Oh had passed the Payments over to an individual based in Shanghai
known only as “Mr Lee”, in exchange for Mr Lee’s undertaking to procure
business worth RMB$4m monthly or approximately RMB$50m annually from a major
client of the Company known as Pioneer Technology (Shanghai) Co Ltd
(“Pioneer”), a company incorporated in China.

8 It is not disputed that there was no formal resolution of the Board
authorising the Appellant to enter into the Bontech Agreement or to make the
Payments thereunder. However, at trial and in this appeal, the Appellant drew
the attention of the court to a resolution dated 22 March 2005 passed by the
Company’s remuneration committee (“the RC Resolution”), which approved a total
monthly payment of RMB$40,000 for “outstation allowances”, to be paid and
split amongst three directors based in Shanghai, namely Sze Man Kuen (“Sze”),
Lau Che Hung (“Lau”), and Oh. According to the Appellant, these outstation
allowances were meant for onward payment to Mr Lee so as to procure the
Pioneer business.

9 The position of the Company was that it was not aware of the Bontech
Agreement and the Payments purportedly made thereunder until the publication
of an internal audit report dated 26 September 2008 (“the Audit Report”), six
months after the Appellant stepped down as the CEO and executive chairman of
the Company. The Audit Report noted that the Appellant had signed the Bontech
Agreement which did not specify the nature of the consultancy services to be
provided, and that the Company continued to make payments to Bontech even
after the Bontech Agreement expired.

10 Accordingly, on 20 May 2009, the Company commenced the Suit against the
Appellant. It claimed that the Appellant failed to act _bona fide_ in the best
interest of the Company and to ensure that the Company’s affairs were properly
administered. It relied on the fact that the Appellant had signed the Bontech
Agreement for unspecified services, paid sums to Bontech without receiving
invoices and without obtaining Board approval, and continued to make such
payments even beyond the expiry of the Bontech Agreement. The Appellant’s
defence was that the Bontech Agreement and the payments made thereunder were
for the purposes of procuring business from Pioneer, and that such payments
had been approved by the Company’s management even before the Appellant became
the CEO of the Company.

The decision below

11 The Judge in his grounds of decision (“the GD”) found that the Bontech
Agreement was fictitious as no consultancy services were in fact provided. It
was therefore incumbent on the Appellant to show that the payments were made
for some alternative purpose which was in the Company’s interests.

12 The Judge rejected the Appellant’s defence on the ground that there was
insufficient evidence to support the Appellant’s claim that the Bontech
Agreement and the Payments were meant to procure the Pioneer business. In
particular, he took issue with the Appellant’s version of events as the
Company’s sales figures to Pioneer did not substantiate the Appellant’s
assertion; neither did the remuneration accounts of the three Shanghai-based
directors nor the dearth of evidence surrounding the receipt of the Payments
and the purported recipient, Mr Lee, help the Appellant’s case. As a result,
the Judge found that the Appellant had failed to show that the Payments were
made in the Company’s best interests and therefore that he had breached his
fiduciary duty to the Company.

The parties’ submissions

13 Before us, it is still common ground that there was neither any “Schedule
A” to the Bontech Agreement nor any actual “consultancy services” performed by
Bontech for the Company pursuant to the Bontech Agreement. The Appellant
maintains that the payments were made for the purpose of procuring the Pioneer
business for the Company, and that the Company’s management was at all
material times aware of the Payments. He argues that the Judge erred in
discounting the evidence adduced regarding the practice of paying sums to Mr
Lee to procure the Pioneer business, the correlation between the Payments and
the Company’s sales figures with Pioneer and the remuneration records of the
Shanghai-based directors, and the reasons which led to the creation of the
Bontech Agreement.

14 The Company’s case, on the other hand, is that once it was established that
the Appellant had signed a sham agreement for non-existent services and made
payments thereunder without formal Board authorisation, the burden shifted to
the Appellant to prove that he had acted in the best interest of the Company.
The Company argues that the Judge was correct in finding that the evidence
adduced by the Appellant was inconclusive as to the purpose of the Bontech
Agreement and the Payments, and that the Appellant has therefore failed to
satisfy his evidential burden. In the alternative, the Company avers that even
if it could be proven that the Bontech Agreement and the Payments were meant
for procuring the Pioneer business for the Company, such payments were
improper and deceptive, and therefore could not have been in the best
interests of the Company.

Issues in this appeal

15 The appeal gives rise to the following issues for our consideration:

(a) What was the purpose of the Payments made under the Bontech Agreement.

(b) Whether by entering into the Bontech Agreement and making the Payments
thereunder, the Appellant acted honestly and _bona fide_ in the interests of
the Company.

(c) Whether the Company is precluded from claiming against the Appellant on
account of its knowledge of the purpose of the Bontech Agreement and the
Payments, and/or its approval and participation in the same.

In relation to (b), we would observe that the Judge in the GD and the parties
in their respective submissions have used the phrase “best interests of the
Company” interchangeably with “interests of the Company” _simpliciter_.
However, as we do not think that anything significant is added by the
insertion of the adjective “best” before the noun “interests”, we will
hereinafter proceed without the use of the adjective. Ultimately, whether a
decision or act is in the interests of the company would be determined by the
circumstances of the case.

The purpose of the Bontech Payments

16 The Judge held that the Bontech Agreement was fictitious and that the
Payments were not made for any actual consultancy services. However, he
declined to make a finding regarding the purpose of the Bontech Agreement and
the Payments. Since the specific issue of the Appellant’s liability for
facilitating the Bontech Agreement and the Payments is now before us on
appeal, it is necessary that this court makes a finding in relation to the
purpose for which the Appellant so acted. In the circumstances, this court is
entitled to examine the evidence adduced at trial, draw the appropriate
inferences and make its findings. In our view, the relevant evidence can be
analysed under the following heads: (1) evidence concerning the genesis of the
Payments, and whether it points to a consistent practice by the Company for
any particular purpose; (2) sales figures between the Company and Pioneer, and
whether these correspond with the incidence of the Payments; (3) the
remuneration records of the Shanghai-based directors; and (4) the gaps in the
Appellant’s evidence as identified by the Judge, and whether these detract
from the Appellant’s case as to the purpose of the Payments.

The genesis of the Bontech Payments

Oh’s evidence

17 Evidence was given by Oh, who was a director of the Company before the
Appellant joined the Company as its CEO in November 2005. Oh was stationed in
Shanghai throughout the relevant period when the RC Resolution and the Bontech
Agreement were in effect. He claimed to be the person who personally handed
over the moneys he received from the Company to Mr Lee.

18 Oh’s evidence was that when the Company first started its operations in
Shanghai, it was approached and offered an arrangement to pay RMB$120,000 per
quarter to Mr Lee in exchange for him procuring RMB$4m worth of business each
month for the Company, or about RMB$50m per year. Oh claimed that he conveyed
the offer to the then management of the Company, who agreed to it. It was not
clear from Oh’s oral and affidavit evidence whom this management comprised,
but a consistent figure in Oh’s account was the former CEO of the Company, one
Quek Tiang Yew (“Quek”). The gist of Oh’s evidence was that he had obtained
informal oral approval from at least Quek.

19 According to Oh, the payments of RMB$120,000 per quarter to Mr Lee
commenced in mid- to end-2003. Oh said that later the payments to Mr Lee took
the form of RMB$40,000 in monthly outstation allowances paid by the Company to
be divided amongst Lau, Sze and Oh. These allowances were given formal
approval through the RC Resolution. Oh further explained that after Sze and
Lau left their Shanghai postings in mid-2005 and early 2006 respectively, the
outstation allowance arrangement was discontinued because he did not want to
bear the sole responsibility for the taxes due on the whole RMB$40,000 paid
per month to Mr Lee. Oh claimed to have explained the matter to the Appellant,
who at that time had just taken over as CEO of the Company. From August 2006,
Oh’s outstation allowance was replaced by the quarterly sums of RMB$120,000
which he received pursuant to the Bontech Agreement and which he passed on to
Mr Lee.

Agnes Leong’s evidence

20 Another important witness was one Agnes Leong (“Agnes”), who joined the
Company as its group human resources and admin manager in November 2000 and
worked in that capacity until her promotion to group human resources director
in July 2008, and later the director of corporate communications. She left the
Company in 2010. Her evidence was given by way of a statutory declaration
(“SD”) which was recorded at the Company’s request before she left its
employment, as well as on the witness stand in court. Agnes stated in her SD
that, after the Appellant had stepped down as CEO of the Company, the Bontech
Agreement became the subject of discussion at a meeting of the Company’s audit
committee on 15 October 2008 (“the AC Meeting”). The minutes of the AC
Meeting, which were available in evidence, recorded the Appellant as having
been invited to the meeting and informed the meeting that the Bontech
Agreement and the Payments were a continuation of “the previous management
marketing strategies to make such payment in order to secure the business from
Pioneer”, that “[i]nitially such payments were made through a special
allowance to Executives in China”, and that “Mr Chow and Mr Ng, the previous
board members were aware of the arrangement, as they had been informed
verbally”. “Mr Ng” was a reference to Ng Hock Ching (“Ng”), an executive
director of the Company from September 2005 to April 2007. Agnes was recorded
in the minutes as having informed the meeting that “there was a resolution
passed for payment of overseas allowances to the Executives in China”. When
cross-examined on this statement, Agnes stated that she was referring to the
RC Resolution, and that she knew that the RC Resolution was meant to authorise
payments to procure the Pioneer business. She stated that she knew this
because Quek had told her about it.

21 Agnes also told the court that after the operative period of the RC
Resolution had expired, the Company continued to make payments to Mr Lee
through the Shanghai-based directors. She claimed to have raised this at a
Board meeting (although it was not recorded in any minutes), and that this had
caused a search for a new mode of making the payments to Mr Lee:

A\---I remember that subsequently they pay---according to this [RC
Resolution], they’re supposed to pay until … December or something like that
for a period of a few months. Then subsequently when this period lapse, China
continue to pay. So when I was doing their tax, er, equalisation, I picked up
for the accounts that “Aye, how come there’s this additional payment?” and I
raised this up during one of the Board meeting.

QWith who?

ADuring the Board meeting, I think I raised it up. I do not know whether it is
recorded in any minutes. And that was the reason how they rectify using a
third party instead of paying outstation allowance because they were saying
that even---if you pay outstation allowance, all these directors have to pay
tax in China. So besides this amount of money, we still have to pay tax. … So
in the end, they say that maybe we should, er, think of other arrangement.

This accords somewhat with Oh’s evidence that Bontech was roped into the
payment arrangement because of tax concerns raised by Oh.

22 We note that the Judge did not make any mention of Agnes’ evidence in the
GD with regards to the issues which are now before us on appeal. However,
Agnes’ evidence is in our view significant because she was a long-serving
staff of the Company, having worked under three successive CEOs, including the
Appellant. She was therefore able to give an account of the discussions and
practices of the Company prior to the Appellant taking over the reins of the
Company, as well as the discovery and investigation of the Bontech Agreement
and the Payments after the Appellant had left the Company. Her account was
consistent and she was for all intents and purposes an independent witness.

23 We also note that the Appellant’s account as to the purposes of the Bontech
Agreement and the Payments was one which he had consistently put forward ever
since the Company first started inquiring into the matter in September 2008.
In an e-mail dated 25 September 2008, the Company’s then group financial
controller asked the Appellant to explain the Bontech Agreement and the
accounts showing the payments made to Bontech. The Appellant replied the next
day, stating:

The payment was for marketing expenses ( Commission paid ) to secure our
Pioneer business in Shanghai. It was started by the previous management. I was
reported [_sic_] that Mr Sze and Mr Oh negotiated the deal during their time,
it was paid as a “special allowance” through the three directors in China.
Namely, Mr Sze Mun Keong, Mr Lau Chee Hong and Mr Oh Chye Huat. Since the
three directors eventually all left the company, the payment then changed to
paying through Bontech.

This e-mail correspondence was exhibited in an affidavit of the Company’s main
witness, an executive director named Tan Kee Liang (“Tan”). The Appellant gave
the same explanation when he was questioned about the Bontech Agreement and
the Payments at the AC Meeting on 15 October 2008 (see [20] above).

Sales figures and dates of payments

24 Before the court below, the Company presented evidence of its sales to
Pioneer from 2002 till 2010 through a report prepared by its expert witness,
Lee Dah Khang (“the Sales Report”). The Sales Report contained two sets of
sales figures — one obtained directly from Pioneer’s finance department (“the
Pioneer Sales Listing”), and the other compiled after the Pioneer Sales
Listing figures had been subject to various auditing procedures (“the Audited
Pioneers Sales Figures”):

FY under review |  Total Sales to Pioneer entities (RMB$ and RMB$ equivalent)  
---|---  
The Pioneer Sales Listing |  The Audited Pioneer Sales Figures |  Variance  
2002 |  9,333,135 |  3,700,000 |  5,633,135  
2003 |  29,778,977 |  31,200,000 |  -1,421,023  
2004 |  28,577,987 |  35,100,000 |  -6,522,013  
2005 |  46,958,804 |  39,000,000 |  7,958,804  
2006 |  50,898,926 |  31,300,000 |  19,598,926  
2007 |  50,913,820 |  41,500,000 |  9,413,820  
2008 |  48,739,782 |  43,800,000 |  4,939,782  
2009 |  13,407,408 |  12,600,000 |  807,408  
2010 |  5,441,649 |  5,200,000 |  241,649  
  
  

25 We note that both sets of figures showed a significant increase between
2002 and 2003 and a drop between 2008 and 2009, coinciding with the evidence
as to the commencement of payments to Mr Lee and the cessation of such
payments (see [19] above). However, we also note that the Pioneer Sales
Listing figures exceeded the allegedly promised RMB$50m mark only in 2006 and
2007, and never reached this mark at all in the Audited Pioneer Sales Figures
presented to the Court. Significantly, the drop in both sets of figures in
2009 coincided with the advent of the global financial crisis in late 2008,
thus making it difficult to determine whether the cessation in payments to Mr
Lee under the Bontech Agreement was causally linked to this decrease in sales
to Pioneer. Tan, the Company’s executive director, attributed this fall in
sales figures to poor business generally in 2009 and the fact that the Company
had moved a chunk of its operations to Vietnam. Mr Lim Han Seng (“Lim”), who
took over from Oh as the general manager of the Company’s Shanghai operations,
also gave evidence that the 2008 financial crisis had caused the Company’s
business with all its customers, including Pioneer, to decline.

26 Although the rise in sales figures from 2003 to 2008 is very significant,
it is hard to say that these figures alone are conclusive of the link between
the Payments and the Company’s level of business with Pioneer. Moreover, in
none of the years had the sales to Pioneer in fact achieved the annual target
of RMB$50m; even based on the figures furnished by Pioneer, the annual target
sales to Pioneer was only achieved in two years, namely 2006 and 2007. We are
therefore in no position to find that the Judge was wrong to think that the
sales figures were inconclusive as to the purposes of the Bontech Agreement
and the Payments.

Remuneration records

27 On the other hand, we find that the remuneration records of the Shanghai-
based directors lend some support to the Appellant’s account of the transition
and relationship between the outstation allowance arrangement and the
subsequent Bontech Agreement and the Payments. First, the monthly outstation
allowance of RMB$40,000 corresponds with the alleged quarterly payments to Mr
Lee of RMB$120,000. RMB$120,000 was also roughly equivalent to the quarterly
payments of US$15,500 stipulated in the Bontech Agreement (see [5] above).
Secondly, the signing of the Bontech Agreement came a few months after Lau
left the Shanghai office in early 2006. This makes it possible that the
Bontech Agreement was meant to replace the outstation allowances arrangement.
Thirdly, Oh’s remuneration records also show that in December 2005, January
2006, and February 2006, he received three increased allowances of
RMB$128,500, RMB$34,000 and RMB$52,000 respectively. These were larger sums
than previously received, and support Oh’s claim that the burden fell wholly
on him to receive the entire RMB$40,000 monthly outstation allowance after Sze
and Lau left their posts in mid-2005 and early-2006 respectively. These three
large sums totalled RMB$214,500 and further taking into account that Oh
continued to receive RMB$14,000 each month as allowance, the moneys received
by Oh during this time was equivalent to roughly six months’ worth of
RMB$40,000 allowances.

Gaps in the Appellant’s evidence

28 The Judge took issue with a number of gaps in the Appellant’s account, in
particular the absence of satisfactory evidence of receipt of the Payments,
the lack of details regarding the identity of the purported recipient, Mr Lee,
and the inexplicably circuitous nature of the Payments. Indeed, Oh’s evidence
on his transactions with Mr Lee also leaves many questions unanswered. Both Oh
and the Appellant claimed not to know Mr Lee’s full name, address,
designation, employer, or his relationship with Pioneer. Oh was apparently
introduced to Mr Lee through a friend when the Company commenced its Shanghai
operations in 2001, and was only able to contact Mr Lee through the person who
had introduced them. In order to make payments to Mr Lee, Oh would contact the
introducer who would then designate a venue for Oh and Mr Lee to meet. The
payments were only made in cash because that was what Mr Lee stipulated. There
were no documentary records of receipt because Mr Lee had apparently refused
to sign anything.

29 In the light of this dearth of evidence, it can be understood why the Judge
approached the question of the Appellant’s liability from an evidential point
of view, and found that the Appellant had not fulfilled the burden of
establishing an affirmative defence. However, we find that the lack of
information from Oh and the Appellant about the exact identity of Mr Lee and
the lack of documentation surrounding the payments to Mr Lee do not
necessarily undermine the Appellant’s position as to the purpose of the
Payments. In fact Oh’s evidence was candid and points quite clearly to the
purposes and nature of the Payments. The following exchanges in cross-
examination are telling:

QMr Oh, do you agree that such payments are illegal?

ABecause it’s---personally for my view, because we go there to do business, my
---our main goal are to earn money.

…

QMr Oh, you’re not answering my question. Are these payments proper, are these
payments illegal?

AWhether it’s proper or not, but I feel that in China, mostly they do it this
way. If not---if not we would not have any business.

…

QMr Oh, do you think it is correct practice for a listed company to pay money
to get business?

AIf it was agreed between the partners, as I’ve said, if it’s in China,
especially in China.

No doubt, Oh’s answers were really his personal perceptions regarding doing
business in China which are nothing more than obvious generalisations. More
importantly, Oh seemed to accept that the purpose of the Payments was to
procure business for the Company.

30 The Appellant himself also made similar concessions under cross-examination
which he sought to qualify immediately thereafter:

Q… Don’t you think it is wrong to pay money to get business from someone?

AI did not felt [_sic_] that it was wrong because in China, this is very
common for us to pay people money to procure business.

31 The Appellant then tried to explain that he was referring only to spending
money on entertainment in order to build relationships which he believed was
part and parcel of doing business in China. However, the fact is that the
Payments were made to a third party company, Bontech, to be handed over to Mr
Lee and could not have been used by the Company’s staff to entertainment
clients or business contacts. The Appellant’s qualification in this regard is
therefore difficult for us to accept.

Our finding on the purposes of the Bontech Agreement and the Payments

32 In our view, the Payments were just a continuation of the previous under-
the-table payments, which were then labelled as outstation allowances, and
were meant to establish personal relationships and secure business from
Pioneer for the Company. All these payments (under the label of “outstation
allowances” and later the Bontech Agreement) were effectively bribes. The
“gaps” in the Appellant’s evidence, namely the irregularity of the payment
figures, the mystery surrounding Mr Lee, the absence of any documentary
evidence of receipt, the circuitous nature of effecting the Payments, and the
fact that the Payments were made both before and after the expiry of the
Bontech Agreement, only serve to underscore the abnormal nature of the
arrangements and the Payments. The shady and undocumented way in which the
Payments were effected was wholly in line with their less than proper
character.

33 We also note that both the Appellant and Oh conceded on the stand that
payments of this nature were meant to secure business for the Company in China
(see [29]–[30] above). More importantly for our consideration in this regard
is that if the Appellant was really seeking to conceal some other misuse or
misappropriation of the sums paid to Bontech, it is highly improbable that he
would resort to such a route, where so many queries would be apparent on the
face of the transaction and he would be exposed to possible liability. The
whole arrangement was too sloppy for that.

34 Looking at the matter as a whole, it is far more likely than not that the
Payments under the Bontech Agreement were meant for the purposes asserted by
the Appellant, _ie_ , as gratuities to a third party for the procurement of
the Pioneer business, and we do so hold.

Whether the Appellant acted _bona fide_ in the interests of the Company

35 Under s 157 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), a
director is required at all times to act honestly, which means to act bona
fide to promote or advance the interests of the company (see _Multi-Pak
Singapore Pte Ltd (in receivership) v Intraco Ltd and others_ [1994] 1 SLR(R)
513 at [22]).

36 As we have found that the Appellant signed the Bontech Agreement and
authorised the making of the Payments so as to procure business deals for the
Company, it leaves us to determine whether these actions could be said to have
been done in the interests of the Company.

37 As a preliminary observation, we note that it was not the Company’s case
that the Appellant had acted to further his own self-interest or stood to gain
something in particular from the Bontech Agreement and the Payments. In that
sense, the Payments can be said to have been made in order to benefit the
Company financially (at least in the short term). It is clear that the court
will be slow to interfere with commercial decisions of directors which have
been made honestly even if they turn out, on hindsight, to be financially
detrimental (see _Intraco Ltd v Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR(R)
1064 (“ _Intraco (CA)_ ”) at [30]). As stated by Lord Greene MR in _Re Smith &
Fawcett Ltd_ [1942] Ch 304 at 306, directors “must exercise their discretion
_bona fide_ in what they consider – not what a court may consider – is in the
interests of the company”. It is therefore “theoretically possible for a board
of directors to make a decision which is commercially ludicrous and yet act
perfectly honestly” (see _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han SC gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Revised 3rd Ed, 2009) at para 8.36) (“ _Walter Woon_ ”).

38 However, this does not mean that the court should refrain from exercising
any supervision over directors as long as they claim to be genuinely acting to
promote the company’s interests. First, “where the transaction is not
objectively in the company’s interests, a judge may very well draw an
inference that the directors were not acting honestly”: see _Walter Woon_ at
para 8.36. The test in _Charterbridge Corporation Ltd v Lloyds Bank Ltd and
another_ [1970] 1 Ch 62 (at 74) of “whether an intelligent and honest man in
the position of a director of the company concerned, could, in the whole of
the existing circumstances, have reasonably believed that the transactions
were for the benefit of the company”, has been accepted and applied by this
court in _Intraco (CA)_ (at [28]). On the other hand, it will be difficult to
find that a director has acted _bona fide_ in the interests of the company if
he “take[s] risks which no director could honestly believe to be taken in the
interests of the company”: _Cheam Tat Pang and another v Public Prosecutor_
[1996] 1 SLR(R) 161 at [80] (“ _Cheam Tat Pang_ ”).

39 Secondly, it seems that the requirement of _bona fide_ or honesty will not
be satisfied if the director acted _dis_ honestly even if for the purported
aim of maximizing profits for the company. In _Vita Health Laboratories Pte
Ltd and others v Pang Meng Seng_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 162 (“ _Vita Health_ ”), the
plaintiff companies claimed that the defendant director had breached his
duties by, _inter alia_ , creating false and unrecoverable receivables
purportedly due from third parties so as to create an illusion that the
company was successful and profitable. While the court acknowledged the
sanctity of business judgment, it made clear that immunity from suit for poor
commercial decisions was meant to protect “[_b_]_ona fide_ entrepreneurs and
honest commercial men [who] should not fear that business failure entails
legal liability”, and to encourage commercial risk and entrepreneurship (_Vita
Health_ at [17]). On the other hand (_Vita Health_ at [19]):

A director who causes accounts to be misstated, flagrantly abuses his position
and breaches his corporate duties. Being in breach of his duties to the very
company itself, he cannot evade his responsibility by attempting to hide
behind the cloak of corporate immunity. Apart from this, he may also face
issues of liability and or indemnities apropos his fellow directors,
shareholders, auditors and third parties. In appropriate cases, the cloak of
corporate immunity will be readily lifted by the court. Creative accounting of
a deceitful nature ought to be severely denounced as it strikes at the very
heart of commercial intercourse which depends upon the integrity of company
accounts and financial statements.

40 With these principles in mind, the question is whether a director who
creates a sham contract and makes unauthorised and irregular payments out of
the company’s funds for the purpose of securing business for the company, can
be said to be acting _bona fide_ in the interests of the company. In our view,
the answer must be in the negative. Such a director would not be acting
honestly even if he claims to be furthering the company’s financial interests
in the short term. The “ interests of the company” is not just profit
maximisation. Neither is it profit maximisation by any means. It is as much in
the interests of the company (comprising its shareholders) to have its
directors act within their powers and for proper purposes, to obtain full
disclosure from its directors, and not to be deceived by its directors.
Furthermore, there can be no doubt that a director who causes a company to
make payments which are in effect gratuities, thereby running the unjustified
risk of subjecting the company to criminal liability, is not acting in the
company’s interests. This is a risk which “no director could honestly believe
to be taken in the interests of the company” (see _Cheam Tat Pang_ at [80]).
The wrong committed by the Appellant in the present case cannot be regarded as
an error of judgment – it arose because he failed to exercise any judgment at
all. He simply continued a highly irregular and improper practice which he
understood to have been initiated by the previous management under a different
form without so much as inquiring why it was made, whether it would implicate
the Company, and whether proper sanction had been obtained. He had failed to
exercise reasonable care. In this connection, it is pertinent to note that
Lim, who took over from Oh as the general manager of the Company’s Shanghai
operations, said that he was unaware of the Payments and that he would not
have made such payments of bribes because it would be against the law.

41 In the present case, the Appellant not only facilitated the payment of
gratuities, but his actions involved concealment and deception through a sham
agreement and acting without proper authorisation. In our view, no matter how
profitable the yields were, the irregular acts and the deception perpetrated
on the shareholders of a publicly-listed company cannot be regarded as having
been in the Company’s interests.

42 Furthermore, the duty under s 157(1) of the Act extends to a duty to use
reasonable diligence in the discharge of one’s directorial duties. This is in
turn based on the director’s fiduciary duties at common law (see _Cheam Tat
Pang_ at [19]). The position was restated in _Lim Weng Kee v Public
Prosecutor_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 848 at [28]:

... [T]he  _civil_ standard of care and diligence expected of a director is
objective, namely, whether he has exercised the same degree of care and
diligence as a reasonable director found in his position. This standard is not
fixed but a continuum depending on various factors such as the individual's
role in the company, the type of decision being made, the size and the
business of the company. However, it is important to note that, unlike the
traditional approach, this standard will not be lowered to accommodate any
inadequacies in the individual's knowledge or experience. The standard will
however be raised if he held himself out to possess or in fact possesses some
special knowledge or experience. [emphasis in original]

43 The Appellant was not inexperienced in the running of companies. Prior to,
and in the course of his appointment as CEO of the Company, he was the
director of at least ten other Singapore-incorporated companies, of which at
least two were public-listed companies. Furthermore, the Appellant occupied
the position of CEO and executive director of the Company. Yet the Appellant
appears to have paid little care to the details of transactions on which he
was briefed when he became the CEO. He simply accepted wholesale what he was
told about this kind of payment of bribes being a historically-approved
company practice. He conceded that when he became the CEO and was told by one
Daniel Cheng, the then chief financial officer (“CFO”), about the practice of
making payments to procure the Pioneer business, he “did not check” whether
this practice was approved by management because: “[Daniel Cheng] had worked
in the company for many years”; he (the Appellant) had no time to look into
every issue; and he felt that a sum of RMB$120,000 per quarter was “not a
substantial amount”. The Appellant claimed that it had never occurred to him
to call up any of the Company’s other directors to check whether the practice
of making payments to Mr Lee through the outstation allowance arrangement to
procure the Pioneer business was approved by the Board. He had also never seen
the RC Resolution document itself prior to the commencement of this Suit by
the Company against him. Furthermore, he conceded that he had no way of
knowing whether the sums paid to Oh under the outstation allowances
arrangement, or under the Bontech Agreement, were actually passed to Mr Lee or
pocketed by Oh (not that we suggesting that this was so). He did not even know
the nature of the relationship between Mr Lee and Pioneer, and never asked Mr
Lee how he managed to procure the Pioneer business for the Company despite
having, on some occasions, accompanied Oh to meetings with Mr Lee where cash
payments were handed over to the latter.

44 In our view, it does not lie in the mouth of a man who was the CEO of the
Company to deflect his duty to exercise reasonable diligence by arguing that
he was simply following what was told to him by subordinate officers of the
Company to be an established practice, especially in relation to a payment of
the kind such as the present which is _prima facie_ improper and indeed
illegal. As stated in _Ong Chow Hong (alias Ong Chaw Ping) v Public Prosecutor
and another appeal_ [2011] 3 SLR 1093 at [33], “each director of a listed
company has a solemn and non-delegable duty of due diligence to ensure
compliance with market rules and practices”. It was incumbent upon the
Appellant, when he took over as the CEO, to apprise himself of transactions
which the Company was involved in, and in particular, to determine the
appropriateness of even a long-standing practice where the possible
impropriety would have been evident to any reasonable businessman or director.
The making of payments to an unidentified individual based on absent
documentation was, on its face, a matter which called out for at least some
inquiry (see _Secretary of State for Trade and Industry v Swan_ [2005] BCC 596
at [217]). This the Appellant did not do. Neither did he bring it up to the
Board for discussion. We therefore have no hesitation in finding that despite
what appeared to be a measure to promote the Company’s immediate financial
position, the Appellant did not exercise the diligence and care that a
reasonable director of a company ought to have exercised bearing in mind the
possible implications for the Company. Moreover, as the in-coming CEO, he did
not even consider whether the illegal payment achieved the sales target to
Pioneer (see [25]–[26] above). He simply sanctioned a new way to effect the
bribe without much thought. We therefore hold that the Appellant was in breach
of his duties to the Company.

Whether the Company is precluded from claiming against the Appellant

45 A related but separate line of argument raised by the Appellant is that the
management of the Company knew all along of the Bontech Agreement and the
Payments made thereunder, and, therefore, the Appellant could not be said to
have failed to act _bona fide_ in the interests of the Company. The Appellant,
upon our request for further submissions, moreover contended that Ng, Chow,
and himself had had knowledge of the Bontech Agreement and the Payments, and
that the three of them were, at the time, the “directing mind and will” of the
Company. This meant that the knowledge of Ng, Chow, and the Appellant ought to
be attributed to the Company with the result that “the [A]ppellant’s appeal
should be allowed”.

46 The Appellant’s submissions related only as to how knowledge should be
attributed from Ng, Chow, and himself to the Company. This addresses the issue
that a company, by its very legal character, can only act through its officers
and agents. However, a company’s knowledge (through its officers or agents) of
wrongdoing by one or more of its directors cannot, without more, be an answer
to its claim against those directors acting in breach of their duties. The
Appellant has not established why the Company’s knowledge on that basis (if
any) should disentitle it from making the claim against him. In making the
submission that Ng, Chow, and himself were the “directing mind and will” of
the Company, the Appellant seems to be suggesting that the Company should be
precluded from pursuing its claim against him for two reasons: (1) the Company
had implicitly authorised the Appellant’s acts, thereby releasing the
Appellant from his duty or breach of that duty; and (2) the Company was
implicated in the Appellant’s improper act and cannot sue upon its own
improper act according to the principle of _ex turpi causa non oritur actio_.

47 In relation to both these points, it is first necessary to identify the
corporate organ which mind and actions may be attributed to the Company. As
stated above at [46], a company, unlike an individual, has no mind or body of
its own, and can only act through natural persons (see the English House of
Lords decision of _Lennard’s Carrying Company, Limited v Asiatic Petroleum
Company, Limited_ [1915] AC 705). Decisions on the company’s behalf can be
taken by its primary decision-making bodies (such as the board of directors or
the members in general meeting), or by officers, agents or employees of the
company. Only human agents, either collectively or individually, would have a
mind and, in turn, knowledge and/or intention (see Paul L Davies and Sarah
Worthington, _Gower and Davies’ Principles of Modern Company Law_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2012) at para 7-1). Attribution rules therefore serve to
determine when and which natural person’s acts and thoughts are to be treated
as the company’s own. This was well explained by Lord Hoffmann in _Meridian
Global Funds Management Asia Ltd v Securities Commission_ [1995] 2 AC 500 (“
_Meridian_ ”) at 506:

Any proposition about a company necessarily involves a reference to a set of
rules. A company exists because there is a rule (usually in a statute) which
says that a persona ficta shall be deemed to exist and to have certain of the
powers, rights and duties of a natural person. But there would be little sense
in deeming such a persona ficta to exist unless there were also rules to tell
one what acts were to count as acts of the company. It is therefore a
necessary part of corporate personality that there should be rules by which
acts are attributed to the company. These may be called “the rules of
attribution.”

48 Lord Hoffmann went on to set out three distinct rules of attribution.
First, the company’s “primary rules of attribution” found in the company’s
constitution or in company law, and which vest certain powers in bodies such
as the board of directors or the shareholders acting as a whole (_ie_ , the
unanimous consent rule). Secondly, general rules of attribution (which are
equally available to natural persons), comprising the principles of agency
which allow for liability in contract for the acts done by other persons
within their actual or ostensible scope of authority, and vicarious liability
in tort. Thirdly, “special rules of attribution” fashioned by the court in
situations where a “rule of law, either expressly or by implication, excludes
the attribution on the basis of the general principles of agency or vicarious
liability”, an example being where a rule requires some act or state of mind
on the part of the person _himself_ as opposed to his servants or agents (see
_Meridian_ at 507). Lord Hoffmann’s analysis has been adopted by the Singapore
High Court in _The Dolphina_ [2012] 1 SLR 992 at [237].

49 Lord Hoffmann also took the opportunity to re-examine the
“anthropomorphical” approach of identifying a certain person or persons as the
“directing mind and will” of the company and automatically attributing that
person’s or those persons’ knowledge or acts to the company. To him, the term
“directing mind and will” was simply a _description_ of the person identified
as the one whose knowledge and acts are to be attributed to the company under
the above-mentioned rules of attribution. It is not a rule of attribution in
itself. Lord Hoffmann said at 511 that “[i]t will often be the most
appropriate description of the person designated by the relevant attribution
rule, but it might be better to acknowledge that not every such rule has to be
forced into the same formula”.

50 The Appellant’s argument that the knowledge of Ng, Chow, and himself could
be attributed to the Company as long as he could show that they were the
directing mind and will of the Company evidenced a lack of appreciation of the
rules of attribution. Any inquiry regarding the attribution of knowledge must
begin from identifying the legal rule which is sought to be applied in
relation to the Company. The purpose of identifying that rule and the context
within which it would operate will determine whether there should be an
attribution of knowledge from the persons involved in the matter to the
company, and if so how such attribution happens. The term “directing mind and
will” of the company is but a convenient label for the persons whose knowledge
or acts should be attributed to the company for the purpose of applying that
legal rule. Following this clarification of the law by Lord Hoffmann, we now
turn our attention to the two questions before us.

Authorisation by the Company

51 In determining whether there has been authorisation of an act of a director
by the company, the primary rules of attribution ought to apply. These may be
found in the company’s articles of association, or else in general principles
of company law.

52 One such general principle is that there is a need for collective action of
the board of directors in managing the business of the company. The
authorisation of a director’s acts should be done by way of a resolution of
the board of directors at a meeting convened and conducted in accordance with
the company’s constitution. In addition, the informal assent of all the
directors of a company would suffice as well (see this court’s decision in
_SAL Industrial Leasing Ltd v Lin Hwee Guan_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 31, where it was
held that where both the directors of a company gave their assent to an
agreement but only one of them signed the agreement on behalf of the company,
such assent was binding on the company vis-à-vis third parties). This court in
arriving at its decision relied on the English High Court decision of Simon
Brown J (as he then was) in _Runciman v Walter Runciman plc_ [1992] BCLC 1084,
where it was held that the extension of a director’s term of office without a
formal board resolution was valid where there was unanimous agreement of all
the directors, and was binding as between the company and that director. In
short, both a decision of a majority of directors at a board meeting and an
informal decision taken by _all_ of the directors of a company are
attributable to the company and would be binding on the company.

53 In the present case, it is not disputed that there was never any formal
board approval of the Bontech Agreement and the Payments, or even of the
outstation allowance arrangement. Therefore, the Appellant must show that all
the directors of the Company at the material time consented or acquiesced to
the Bontech Agreement and the Payments.

54 The evidence as we see it, however, is that Chow was the only director of
the Company at the time who might have known about the Bontech Agreement and
the Payments. Chow was the executive chairman of the Company from November
2005 to November 2007. The Appellant’s evidence was that pursuant to Oh’s tax
concerns (see [19] and [21] above), the Appellant had discussed alternatives
to the outstation allowance arrangement for sending money to Oh for the
procurement of the Pioneer business, and that it was Chow who had suggested a
contact, one Albert Goh, and it was this contact who then liaised with Daniel
Cheng to come up with the Bontech Agreement which the Appellant signed. This
was corroborated by Agnes who said that when she managed to contact a
representative of Bontech in Shanghai as part of the Company’s 2008
investigation into the Bontech Agreement, the representative told her that he
had been introduced to the Appellant by someone named Albert Goh. The
Appellant also pointed to the minutes of the AC Meeting, where the Appellant
was recorded as stating that “Mr Chow and Mr Ng, the previous board members
were aware of the [Bontech] arrangement as they had been informed verbally”.

55 We note that Chow’s affidavit and oral evidence did not touch on the issue
of outstation allowances or the Bontech Agreement at all. The cross-
examination of Chow focused on allegations of his breach of directors’ duties
arising from other acts including employee-poaching and diversion of business
from the Company which were not related to the Bontech Agreement. However, on
the basis of Oh’s and Agnes’ evidence, we find it likely that Chow knew about
the Bontech Agreement and its purpose.

56 The Appellant also singled out one other director, Ng, as someone having
knowledge of the Bontech Agreement and Payments. Ng joined the Company as an
executive director at the same time as Chow, and remained in this position
until April 2007. The only evidence of Ng’s knowledge of the Bontech Agreement
and the Payments was the Appellant’s mention of him in the above-cited minutes
of the AC Meeting (see [54] above). However, Ng’s affidavit did not touch on
the Bontech Agreement and the Payments at all, and he was not called as a
witness. We find that the evidence is wholly insufficient to show that Ng knew
of, let alone positively consented to, the signing of the Bontech Agreement
and the making of the Payments.

57 The Appellant argued that the other directors such as the former CEO
(Quek), the chairman of the remuneration committee (Teo Seng Chee) and the
directors who signed off on the RC Resolution (one Tan Boon Tiong and one Lee
Mun Hooi), and the directors previously based in Shanghai (Lau and Sze), all
knew about the purpose of the outstation allowance arrangement and by virtue
of that, knew about the Bontech Agreement and the Payments which followed it.
However, no evidence has been adduced to establish such a link. The Appellant
also conceded that there was no evidence that another director, one Petrus
Huang, knew about the Bontech Agreement and the Payments or even the
outstation allowance arrangement.

58 On a review of the evidence, we are therefore unable to conclude that the
Company, either in the form of a decision of the directors in a board meeting
or by unanimous consent, authorised the Appellant’s acts.

59 Another general principle of company law is that directors may be released
from their obligations to the company by unanimous, or at the very least
majority agreement of the _shareholders_ (see _Walter Woon_ at paras
9.18–9.22). In _Bamford and another v Bamford and others_ [1970] Ch 212, the
English Court of Appeal held (at 237H–238B) that:

… It is trite law, I had thought, that if directors do acts, as they do every
day, especially in private companies, which, perhaps because there is no
quorum, or because their appointment was defective, or because sometimes there
are no directors properly appointed at all, or because they are actuated by
improper motives, … such directors can, by making a full and frank disclosure
and calling together the general body of the shareholders, obtain absolution
and forgiveness of their sins; and provided the acts are not ultra vires the
company as a whole everything will go on as if it had been done all right from
the beginning. I cannot believe that that is not a commonplace of company law.
It is done every day. Of course, if the majority of the general meeting will
not forgive and approve, the directors must pay for it.

60 The Supreme Court of South Australia in _Pascoe Ltd (in liq) v Lucas_
(1999) 33 ACSR 357 also explained (at [263]–[264]) that while the management
of the company is vested in the directors and not the shareholders, the
shareholders:

… are entitled to approve or ratify the actions of those who have the
responsibility for the management. …

Where, as in this case, the directors have entered into a transaction the
unanimous vote of the shareholders of the company, if passed before the
transaction can amount to an authorisation and, if passed after the
transaction, can amount to a validation…

61 However, the Appellant cannot avail himself of this general principle of
company law because there is simply no evidence at all that the shareholders
of the Company had given any form of consent to the Bontech Agreement.

62 There is also nothing in the articles of association of the Company which
provides for release of liability of directors to be effected through any
other means. Therefore, the primary rules of attribution do not apply in this
case and it cannot be said that the Company had authorised the Appellant’s
breach of his duties.

Attribution of knowledge and actions for the purpose of raising the defence of
ex turpi causa non oritur actio

63 The maxim _ex turpi causa non oritur actio_ is a principle of public
policy, which was explained by Lord Mansfield CJ in _Holman v Johnson_ (1775)
1 Cowp 341 at 343:

The objection, that a contract is immoral or illegal as between plaintiff and
defendant, sounds at all times very ill in the mouth of the defendant. It is
not for his sake, however, that the objection is ever allowed; but it is
founded in general principles of policy, which the defendant has the advantage
of, contrary to the real justice, as between him and the plaintiff, by
accident, if I may so say. The principle of public policy is this: _ex dolo
malo non oritur actio_. No court will lend its aid to a man who founds his
cause of action upon an immoral or an illegal act. If, from the plaintiff’s
own stating or otherwise, the cause of action appears to arise _ex turpi
causa_ … there the court says he has no right to be assisted. It is upon that
ground the court goes; not for the sake of the defendant, but because they
will not lend their aid to such a plaintiff. So if the plaintiff and defendant
were to change sides, and the defendant was to bring his action against the
plaintiff, the latter would then have the advantage of it; for where both are
equally in fault, _potior est conditio defendentis_.

64 The _ex turpi causa_ rule operates as a defence to a claim only because the
court as a matter of public policy will not involve itself in a dispute
between parties where both sides are equally tainted by the same wrong, with
the defendant benefitting as a result. To use an example by Lord Walker in
_Stone & Rolls Ltd (in liquidation) v Moore Stephens (a firm)_ [2009] 1 AC
1391 (“ _Stone & Rolls_”) (at [187]), “[t]wo highwaymen may be partners in
crime but neither can sue the other for an account”.

65 In the present case, the Appellant’s argument that the knowledge of Ng,
Chow, and himself as the “directing mind and will” of the Company should be
attributed to the Company suggests that the Company was one of two
“highwaymen” involved in the wrongful act, such that the court should not
assist the Company in its claims against the Appellant. At the heart of the
argument is how attribution of knowledge to the Company operates in such a
scenario.

66 Any analysis must begin from identifying the applicable rules of
attribution in establishing an _ex turpi causa_ defence. The general rules of
attribution (see [48] above) do not apply in relation to establishing an _ex
turpi causa_ defence. As elaborated upon by the House of Lords in _Stone &
Rolls_ at [27], after referring to a number of authorities, the defence of _ex
turpi causa_ “will only apply where the claimant was personally at fault and
thus where his responsibility for wrongdoing was primary rather than
vicarious”. Therefore, the attribution of liability to the Company via
principles of agency and vicarious liability are not relevant here since the
Company itself must be responsible for the wrong. The primary rules of
attribution also do not apply in order for the knowledge of Ng, Chow, and the
Appellant to be attributed to the Company since there is no evidence that the
Company’s constitution provides for this, or that general company law allows
the knowledge of a few directors to constitute that of the company’s. The
Appellant must therefore rely on a special rule of attribution for the
knowledge of Ng, Chow and the Appellant to be attributed to the Company.

67 How such a special rule of attribution might be established was examined by
Lord Hoffmann in _Meridian_ (at 507):

… In such a case, the court must fashion a special rule of attribution for the
particular substantive rule. This is always a matter of interpretation: given
that it was intended to apply to a company, how was it intended to apply?
Whose act (or knowledge, or state of mind) was  _for this purpose_ intended to
count as the act etc. of the company? One finds the answer to this question by
applying the usual canons of interpretation, taking into account the language
of the rule (if it is a statute) and its content and policy. [emphasis in
original]

The special rule of attribution is therefore _context-specific_ and the
content of any such rule should be determined based on the language and
purpose of the substantive law upon which potential liability is to be
established (see also Eilis Ferran, “Corporate Attribution and the Directing
Mind and Will” (2011) 127 LQR 239 at p 250).

68 In this regard, we refer to the following statement of Mummery LJ in
_Morris and others v Bank of India_ [2005] 2 BCLC 328 at [114], where he
sought to explain why, unlike a third party suit against the company, the
principle of _ex turpi causa_ might not apply where a company sued its
directors or employees for breach of duties:

Clearly there are some circumstances in which an individual’s knowledge of
fraud cannot and should not be attributed to a company. The classic case is
where the company is itself the target of an agent’s or employee’s dishonesty.
In general it would not be sensible or realistic to attribute knowledge to the
company concerned, if attribution had the effect of defeating the right of the
company to recover from a dishonest agent or employee or from a third party. …

69 The English Court of Appeal decision in _Bilta (UK) Ltd (in liquidation)
and others v Nazir and others (No 2)_ [2014] Ch 52 (“ _Bilta_ ”) is very much
on point with the present case. There, the first claimant was a company
incorporated in England which brought various actions against its former
directors and their fellow conspirators for defrauding the company. Some of
the defendants sought orders for the claims to be summarily dismissed on the
ground of, amongst other things, _ex turpi causa_. Patten LJ, delivering the
lead judgment, held that there could be no attribution of the unlawful conduct
of its directors to the company such that the _ex turpi causa_ defence was
engaged. More importantly, Patten LJ highlighted, along the same vein as
Mummery LJ, the difference between cases where knowledge was attributed to the
company from its directors for the purpose of a third party victim bringing a
claim against the company itself and cases which concerned the company as the
victim bringing an action against its directors for breach of duty (_Bilta_ at
[34]–[35]):

... As between the company and the defrauded third party, the former is not to
be treated as a victim of the wrongdoing on which the third party sues but one
of the perpetrators. The consequences of liability are therefore insufficient
to prevent the actions of the agent being treated as those of the company. The
interests of the third party who is the intended victim of the unlawful
conduct take priority over the loss which the company will suffer through the
actions of its own directors.

But, in a different context, the position of the company as victim ought to be
paramount. Although the loss caused to the company by its director's conduct
will be no answer to the claim against the company by the injured third party,
it will and ought to have very different consequences when the company seeks
to recover from the director the loss which it has suffered through his
actions. In such cases the company will itself be seeking compensation by an
award of damages or equitable compensation for a breach of the fiduciary duty
which the director or agent owes to the company. As between it and the
director, it is the victim of a legal wrong. To allow the defendant to defeat
that claim by seeking to attribute to the company the unlawful conduct for
which he is responsible so as to make it the company's own conduct as well
would be to allow the defaulting director to rely on his own breach of duty to
defeat the operation of the provisions of sections 172 and 239 of the
Companies Act whose very purpose is to protect the company against unlawful
breaches of duty of this kind. For this purpose and (it should be stressed) in
this context, it ought therefore not to matter whether the loss which the
company seeks to recover arises out of the fraudulent conduct of its directors
towards a third party … or out of fraudulent conduct directed at the company
itself …

70 We agree with the distinction drawn by Mummery and Patten LJJ in the cases
above that while a company should be bound by the improper acts of the
directors at the suit of an innocent third party, that rule should not apply
where the suit is at the instance of the company itself against the directors
for their breach of duties. As stated in [44] above, the Appellant was not
acting in the interests of the Company when he entered into the Bontech
Agreement and effected the Payments. This is not a one-shareholder company but
a publicly-listed company. The Appellant could have protected himself by
having the proposed arrangement approved by the Board. Alternatively, he could
have sought ratification from the general body of the Company. The Appellant
did none of that. Moreover, we would underscore that the Appellant was not
just following a wrong practice initiated by his predecessor; he continued
with it under a new false garb.

71 Therefore, in the circumstances of this case, there is no special rule of
attribution applicable where it could be said that the Company itself knew of
or had committed the wrongful acts for the purpose of establishing an _ex
turpi causa_ defence. We would reiterate that where a company makes a claim
against a director premised on the latter’s breach of duty, the company is a
victim, and the law will not allow the enforcement of that duty to be
compromised by the director’s reliance on his own wrongdoing: see also
_Belmont Finance Corporation Ltd v Williams Furniture Ltd and others_ [1979]
Ch 250.

Conclusion

72 For the reasons stated above, we find that the Appellant did not act in the
interests of the Company, and was in breach of his fiduciary duties. The
Appellant also cannot rely on the defence that his acts were authorised by the
Company such that he was released from liability or on the defence of _ex
turpi causa_.

73 Accordingly, we dismiss the appeal. Parties are to make written submission
on costs (not to exceed ten pages) within two weeks from the date hereof.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

