Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Leu Xing-Long _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 193

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 110 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 October 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Terence Tan Li-Chern and Christine Low (Peter Low LLC)
for the appellant; Ramesh Ethan and Crystal Tan (Attorney-General's Chambers)
for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Leu Xing-Long — Public Prosecutor  
  
3 October 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Background

1 The Appellant, Leu Xing Long, was convicted on one charge under s 376B(1) of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”) for having commercial sex with a
minor under 18 years of age. He was sentenced to 15 weeks’ imprisonment by the
District Court. The Appellant appealed against his conviction.

2 The Appellant admitted to having sexual intercourse with the minor whom he
procured from an online vice ring and paid $450 for her sexual services. His
defence was that he had taken proper care and caution to ascertain that she
was above 18 years of age by asking her for her age and identity card. She
lied to him that she was 18 years of age and produced the identity card of her
elder sister to prove that she was above the age of 18. He believed her. If he
had known that the minor was below 18 years of age, he would not have gone
through with the sexual engagement.

3 Under the circumstances, the Appellant submitted that he was entitled to be
acquitted because he had taken all proper care and caution to avoid the
commission of the offence. The statutory defence of “Accident in the doing of
a lawful act” under s 80 of the PC (“defence of accident”) was available to
him as he had satisfied all the elements necessary to make out the defence.
The Appellant’s main contention was that the trial judge erred in finding that
the defence of accident is inoperable in law in relation to this offence.

Findings of the trial judge

4 The trial judge held that:

(a) under s 377D of the PC, a mistake as to the age of the commercial sex
provider cannot be pleaded as a defence where an accused person was 21 and
above at the time of receiving the service, regardless of how the mistake came
to be made and how reasonable the mistake was;

(b) although s 377D makes no direct reference to s 80 of the PC, the defence
of accident is inoperable in law for this offence;

(c) even if the defence of accident could possibly be invoked, it was not
applicable given that he did not act with proper care and caution as required
in the provision; and

(d) the common law defence of “due diligence” and/or “reasonable care” was
similarly inapplicable.

Main Issues

5 The Appellant raised the following issues of law:

(a) Whether there is a presumption that _mens rea_ is an ingredient of an
offence under s 376B(1)? If so, has this presumption been displaced?

(b) Is s 376B(1) an absolute or a strict liability offence?

(c) Can s 80 PC be raised in defence to a charge under s 376B(1)?

My decision

Issue 1: Whether there is a presumption that mens rea is an ingredient of an
offence under s 376B(1)? If so, has this presumption been displaced?

6 In _M V Balakrishnan v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] SGHC 169, Yong Pung How CJ
observed that where a statutory provision creates an offence, there is a
presumption that _mens rea_ is an essential ingredient of the offence (at
[8]). This presumption thus imputes a mental fault element where the offence
creating provision itself does not expressly indicate a fault element by
inclusion of words such as “dishonestly”, “knowingly” and “intentionally”. The
courts will have to determine the form and content of that imputed fault
element, which the legislature supposedly meant the offence to have. However,
this presumption may be displaced expressly or by necessary implication by the
language of the statute or by the subject matter with which the statute deals:
Thean J in _PP v Phua Keng Tong_ [1986] SLR 168 adopting the approach of the
Privy Council in _Lim Chin Aik v R_ (1963) 29 MLJ 50 and the House of Lords in
_Sweet v Parsley_ [1970] AC 132.

7 In _Gammon (Hong Kong) Ltd v Attorney General of Hong Kong_ [1985] 1 AC 1 at
14 (“ _Gammon v AG of HK_ ”), the House of Lords held that the presumption can
be displaced “where the statute is concerned with an issue of social concern,
and public safety is such an issue”. Even where the statute is concerned with
such an issue, the presumption of _mens rea_ still remains “unless it can be
shown that the creation of strict liability will be effective to promote the
objects of the statute by encouraging greater vigilance to prevent the
commission of the prohibited act”.

8 The nature of the crime, the punishment, the absence of social obloquy, the
particular mischief and the field of activity in which it occurs and the
wording of the particular section and its context, may show that Parliament
intended that the act should be prevented by punishment regardless of intent
or knowledge (per Lord Pearce in _Sweet v Parsley_ pg 156). The court will
dispense with the necessity for _mens rea_ if it is satisfied that Parliament
had so intended.

9 Before analysing Issue 1, it is important to set out the content of the
_mens rea_ and _actus reus_ for the following offence of “Commercial sex with
a minor under 18” under s 376B(1):

376B. —(1) Any person who obtains for consideration the sexual services of a
person, who is under 18 years of age, shall be punished with imprisonment for
a term which may extend to 7 years, or with fine, or with both.

...

(4) In this section, “sexual services” means any sexual services involving —

(a) sexual penetration of the vagina or anus, as the case may be, of a person
by a part of another person’s body (other than the penis) or by anything else;
or

(b) penetration of the vagina, anus or mouth, as the case may be, of a person
by a man’s penis.

10 Although s 376B(1) is silent on the requisite mental fault elements for the
offence, I do not doubt that the presumption applies as it is an offence of a
serious criminal nature which carries a prescribed maximum imprisonment term
of up to 7 years. The prosecution must therefore prove that the accused had
the following _mens rea_ at the material time:

(a) the consideration was intended by the accused to be given in exchange for
the “sexual services” as defined in s 376B(4);

(b) the act of penetration of the vagina, anus or mouth, as the case may be,
was done intentionally; and

(c) the accused knew that the person was below 18 years of age.

11 The prosecution must also prove the following _actus reus_ ;

(a) The consideration was provided;

(b) the accused had penetrated the person; and

(c) the person was below 18 years of age at the time of the penetration.

12 However, when the PC amendments were made to criminalise commercial sex
with minors under 18 years of age, Parliament found it necessary to enact s
377D specifically to deny accused persons aged 21 years and above from having
the benefit of a defence of a reasonable mistake as to the minor’s age.
Section 377D provides that:

**Mistake as to age**

377D.—(1) **Subject to subsections (2) and (3) and notwithstanding anything in
section 79, a reasonable mistake as to the age of a person shall not be a
defence** to any charge of an offence under section 376A(2), **376B** or 376C.

(2) In the case of a person who at the time of the alleged offence was under
21 years of age, the presence of a reasonable mistaken belief that the minor,
who is of the opposite sex, was of or above —

(a) the age of 16 years, shall be a valid defence to a charge of an offence
under section 376A(2); or

(b) the age of 18 years, shall be a valid defence to a charge of an offence
under section 376B or 376C.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2), the defence under that subsection
shall no longer be available if at the time of the offence, the person charged
with that offence has previously been charged in court for an offence under
section 376A, 376B, 376C or 376E, or section 7 of the Children and Young
Persons Act (Cap. 38) or section 140(1)(i) of the Women’s Charter (Cap. 353).

[emphasis added in bold]

13 Parliament made it very clear that a mistake as to the age of the minor is
no defence for an accused person who is 21 years of age and above, even if the
mistake was a reasonable one. Having regard to the clear statutory wording and
the obvious purpose behind these provisions, which is to protect children from
the sex trade and to curb the commercial exploitation of children for sex, I
am satisfied that the _mens rea_ element (c) above has been specifically
displaced by statute for an offence under s 376B(1). However, _mens rea_
elements (a) and (b) are not affected by the enactment of s 377D and they
remain as essential elements of the offence. In other words, s 377D has not
displaced the presumption in relation to the mental elements (a) and (b).

14 Accordingly, if an accused person is able to show that his payment is
intended exclusively for reimbursement of the hotel charges, he may succeed in
raising a reasonable doubt that he has obtained the sexual services for
consideration. The Prosecution’s case may well fail because the _mens rea_
element (a) is not proved beyond a reasonable doubt.

15 Consider another hypothetical scenario where an accused person pays a minor
to masturbate him with her hands. He has no intention whatsoever to penetrate
the minor in any way. Whilst in the very dark room and unknown to him, the
minor of her own volition suddenly fellates him. Penetration of the minor’s
mouth occurs. However, the accused honestly but mistakenly believes that the
minor is still masturbating him. If the accused person manages to show that
his penetration is not intentional, the Prosecution may well fail to prove the
charge because the _mens rea_ element (b) is not established beyond a
reasonable doubt.

Availability of a separate defence under s 79

16 Section 79 is one of the General Exceptions in Chapter IV of the PC and is
applicable by virtue of s 40(2) of the PC to offences which are “punishable
under the [Penal Code]” and “any other law for the time being in force”. It
provides that:

**Act done by a person justified, or by mistake of fact believing himself
justified by law**

79\. Nothing is an offence which is done by any person who is justified by
law, or who by reason of a mistake of fact and not by reason of a mistake of
law in good faith believes himself to be justified by law, in doing it.

...

17 Unless expressly excluded by statute, s 79 applies to all offences whether
within or outside of the PC. It has a wide application. As can be seen,
mistakes of fact can come in many forms. What mistakes of fact are relevant as
being exculpatory will depend on the nature of the alleged offence in
question. Section 377D has only excluded one form of mistake as a defence,
_ie_ a mistake as to age, in relation to a charge for an offence under ss
376A, 376B or 376C. Other possible forms of mistake of fact have not been
excluded. Notwithstanding that the words “notwithstanding anything in section
79” are present in s 377D, I do not think they are meant to exclude the
application of s 79 entirely for an offence under s 376B. Section 79 continues
to have role to play as an available defence to a charge under s 376B so long
as the exculpatory facts relied upon do not relate to the age of the minor.

18 Accordingly, where other forms of mistake of fact are established, the
accused person is not precluded from raising them to cast a reasonable doubt
on any essential mental element other than (c), or from relying on them to
establish a defence under s 79 on a balance of probabilities as the case may
be.

19 But where the exculpatory facts do touch upon or relate to the state of
knowledge, belief or reasonableness of the mistake of an adult or repeat
offender as to the age of the minor (_ie_ mental element (c)), they become
entirely irrelevant for the purpose of defending a charge brought under s
376B, even if s 79 is also made out on those same exculpatory facts. Only to
this limited extent has the specific provision s 377D ousted the operation of
s 79 but not otherwise as a general exception. The legal maxim “ _lex
specialis derogate legi generali_ ” applies. It means that where several laws
apply to the same situation, the more specific one(s) take precedence over
more general ones.

20 The accused person in the hypothetical at [15] above is therefore not
precluded by s 377D from arguing in the alternative that s 79 remains as a
separate defence available to him because the mistake that he is relying on
does not relate at all to the age of the minor. His mistake is in believing
that he is being masturbated when in fact, he is engaged in sexual penetration
of the mouth of the minor. But establishing a defence under s 79 on a balance
of probability may be more onerous than simply raising a reasonable doubt in
relation to the _mens rea_ element (b) as explained at [15].

21 I will give another illustration where the mistake of fact relates to the
consideration for sexual services, which has nothing to do with the age of the
minor. An accused person agrees with the minor that there will be no
consideration for the sexual intercourse to be provided. However, he will bear
the hotel room charges and no more. The hotel informs the accused person that
the room costs $300. After the sexual intercourse, the accused person hands
$300 over to the minor who has agreed to settle the hotel charges for him.
Unknown to the accused, there is a private arrangement where the minor is only
charged $200 for the hotel room. The minor keeps $100 and treats that as
payment for her sexual services. The accused person here is not precluded by s
377D from relying on s 79 as a defence to the charge with respect to the $100
as consideration for the sexual services of the minor. The accused person’s
mistake is in honestly believing that he is justified in paying $300
exclusively for the hotel room charges although in reality, the minor had
received $100 from the accused person as consideration for her sexual
services. As explained at [14], the accused may additionally raise these same
facts to cast a reasonable doubt in relation to the _mens rea_ element (a) in
that he has no intention to pay any consideration to secure the sexual
services.

Issue 2: Is s 376B(1) an absolute liability or a strict liability offence?

22 What is the difference between an absolute liability and a strict liability
offence? Offences which do not require the prosecution to prove a specific
fault element but allow the accused to avoid criminal liability on proof of
due diligence or a reasonable mistake of fact are termed strict liability
offences whereas those which do not allow the accused to raise due diligence
or reasonable mistake of fact as a defence are regarded as absolute liability
offences (see Stanley Yeo, Neil Morgan, W.C. Cheong, _Criminal Law in Malaysia
and Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2012), at pp 170-171 (“ _Criminal Law in
Malaysia and Singapore_ ”)).

23 As Parliament has seen it fit to expressly exclude the defence of
reasonable mistake as to the age of the minor, it is clear to me that the
offence under s 376B(1) has essentially been fashioned into an offence of
absolute liability, in so far as the issue of the minor’s age is concerned, in
respect of all adult offenders and certain repeat offenders below the age of
21.

24 For offenders below 21 years of age who have never been previously charged
in court for similar offences, Parliament has adopted a calibrated approach by
allowing them to raise the defence of “reasonable mistaken belief” as to the
age of a minor of the opposite sex. As a concession for such first time
youthful offenders, s 376B(1) will not be regarded as an absolute offence but
one which carries strict liability in relation to the minor’s age.

25 There are precedent cases involving adult offenders where the court treated
s 376B(1) as an absolute liability offence. It was held that s 377D(1) “leaves
no doubt that an accused like the appellant [who was above 21 years of age]
cannot raise in his defence that he did not know that the person he had paid
sex with was under-aged” (see _Buergin Juerg v Public Prosecutor_ [2013] 4 SLR
87 at [5]). In _Tan Chye Hin v Public Prosecutor_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 873 at [12],
the High Court was of the view that even if the accused checked the age of the
minor and was given a good forgery of an identity document that showed she was
above 18 years of age, this would only be a point relevant for mitigation and
not exculpation.

26 The reasons why an absolute liability offence of such nature was created
for adults and repeat offenders engaging in commercial sex with minors can
readily be discerned from the Parliamentary Materials. During the Second
Reading of the Penal Code (Amendment) Bill (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (22 October 2007) vol 83, the then Senior Minister of State
for Home Affairs (Associate Professor Ho Peng Kee) stated:[note: 1]

Sir, whilst prostitution per se is not an offence, new section 376B will make
it an offence for a person to solicit, communicate or obtain sexual services
from a minor under 18 years of age. **Young persons, because they are immature
and vulnerable and can be exploited, therefore, should be protected from
providing sexual services.** [emphasis added in bold]

27 Other Members of Parliament also emphasised the need to curb sexual
exploitation of minors by stemming the demand for child prostitution. Dr Teo
Ho Pin urged that:[note: 2]

As for commercial sex against a minor under 18, …. **we should send a clear
message to curb the demand for child prostitution both in and outside
Singapore. Sections 376B, C and D will enhance the protection of child’s
rights, and hopefully, reduce child trafficking or abduction for sexual
services.** As reported in today’s _Straits Times_ , the child sex industry is
thriving in South-East Asia, despite some high profile prosecution of child
sex abuse cases. **The key failures are due to homegrown demand for child
sex** and the lack of cooperation among governments. Sir, I am indeed very
concerned about the effectiveness of sections 376B, C and D. **We must do more
to curb demand for child sex and punish child sex offenders heavily.**
[emphasis added in bold]

28 It is clear from the Parliamentary Reports that ss 376B and 377D were
enacted to protect young and vulnerable persons from the commercial sex trade
and to curb the demand for child prostitution by imposing absolute liability
against those who engage in such exploitative sexual activity. For the
protection to be effective, criminal liability for an offence under s 376B is
made absolute in the sense that absence of knowledge that the prostitute is
below 18 years of age or a mistaken belief, reasonable or otherwise, that the
prostitute is above 18 years of age, a common excuse of those caught engaging
child prostitutes, is made completely irrelevant by s 377D, and even if those
excuses are genuine, they are not exculpated. It is the prerogative of
Parliament, after weighing all the policy considerations, to create an offence
of absolute liability for adult and repeat offenders, and to calibrate it down
to a strict liability offence for first time young offenders below the age of
18. The words of the statutory provision used to express absolute liability
for an offence under s 376B committed by certain categories of offenders are
also plain in their meaning and unambiguous. There is hardly any room for me
to interpret the provision in any other manner. It would be wrong for me to
construe the provision in a way that goes against the clear wording of s 377D
and Parliament’s policy intent and purpose for enacting the provision in the
way that it did.

29 With the explicit removal of “reasonable mistake as to age” as a possible
defence, the reasonableness or extent of the precautions that might have been
taken to ascertain the correct age of the minor has become strictly
_irrelevant_ for the purpose of determining guilt for adult and repeat
offenders, although it remains relevant for sentencing. It must follow that
the prosecution is no longer obliged to prove that the accused person actually
knew or honestly believed that the person providing the commercial sexual
services was below the age of 18 at the time the sexual services in question
were provided to him. The prosecution simply has to prove that the minor was
in fact below the age of 18 at the time of the alleged offence.

30 Accordingly, if an adult accused person has been deceived into believing
erroneously that the minor is above 18 years of age, the deception affords him
no defence to the charge. The fact that his belief might have been honestly or
reasonably held is also irrelevant for the purpose of determining guilt. The
fact that he took proper care and caution and had made careful investigations
of the age of the minor is again irrelevant. His mistaken belief cannot
operate as a defence. It is in this sense that the offence is to be regarded
as one of absolute liability for adult and repeat youthful offenders. An
exception is made only for youthful first time offenders (_ie_ those below 21
years of age), where the offence is to be treated as a strict liability
offence in which the presence of a reasonable mistaken belief that the minor
is of or above 18 years of age can still be relied upon as a valid defence to
be established on a balance of probability. Whether it is an absolute or a
strict liability offence, the prosecution need not prove the _mens rea_
element (c) because I construe s 377D to have the effect of displacing any
presumption of mental element (c) as an essential ingredient of an offence
under s 376B(1).

Issue 3: Can s 80 be raised in defence to a charge under s 376B(1)?

The Appellant’s arguments

31 The Appellant’s counsel strenuously argued that the defence of accident
under s 80 is available to the Appellant as a matter of law.

32 Unlike s 79 of the PC, Parliament did not expressly withdraw or preclude s
80 from being used as a defence in respect of a charge under s 376B(1). No
member of the Legislature had made any clear, express or categorical statement
during the relevant debates that the offence should be treated as one of
strict or absolute liability. The enactment of the offence was ostensibly to
be in line with the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child 1989
and the Stockholm Declaration and Agenda for Action 1996, both of which
however make no demand of signatory states to impose absolute and/or strict
liability but merely ask for appropriate measures to suppress or eliminate the
sexual exploitation of children.

33 Keeping s 80 as an available defence to a charge under s 378B(1) is
consistent with the ultimate objective intended by the Legislature to suppress
and eliminate such crime against children. The Appellant submitted that
determining the offence as an absolute offence does not assist by way of
general deterrence. Allowing this defence would aid the suppression and
elimination of this offence if members of the public are encouraged and
reminded to take active steps of proper care and caution.

34 Appellant’s counsel referred me to the views put forth by Cheah Wui Ling in
Chapter 13 of the _Singapore Academy of Law Annual Review of Singapore Cases_
(2013) 14 SAL Ann Rev 273 at [13.34] that:

... [I]f Parliament’s objective was to require a higher standard of care from
those paying for commercial sex, this would not be achieved by making the
offence under s 376B(1) one of absolute liability. In doing so, individuals
will be held liable regardless of the care they exercised.

35 The Appellant referred to the case of _R v City of Sault Ste Marie_ (1978)
85 DLR (3d) at 161 and 171, wherein Dixon J opined:

… [The argument for imposing liability without fault] rests upon assumptions
which have not been, and cannot be empirically established. There is no
evidence that a higher standard of care results … If a person is already
taking every reasonable precautionary measure, is he likely to take additional
measures, knowing that however much care he takes, it will not serve as a
defence in the event of a breach? If he has exercised care and skill, will
conviction have a deterrent effect upon him or others? Will the injustice of
conviction lead to cynicism and disrespect for the law, on this part and on
the part of others? These are among the questions asked. …

36 The Appellant therefore submitted that the acceptance of the applicability
of s 80 will promote, advance and encourage the prevention or avoidance of
occurrences of the offence by encouraging members of the public to take proper
care and caution when they engage in commercial sex. Those who merely claim
that they did not act deliberately or were misled, without taking active steps
to mitigate the risk will be precluded from relying on the s 80 defence.

General availability of s 80 as a defence

37 It will be useful to set out the statutory defence of “Accident in the
doing of a lawful act” found in s 80 of the PC:

**Accident in the doing of a lawful act**

80\. Nothing is an offence which is done by accident or misfortune, and
without any criminal intention or knowledge, in the doing of a lawful act in a
lawful manner, by lawful means, and with proper care and caution.

_Illustration_

A is at work with a hatchet; the head flies off and kills a man who is
standing by. Here, if there was no want of proper caution on the part of A,
his act is excusable and not an offence.

38 Being one of the general exceptions in the PC, I am of the view that s 80
remains applicable as a possible statutory defence to exculpate an accused
person for an offence under s 376B(1), provided that the alleged exculpatory
facts do come within s 80 in the first place and provided that there is no
specific statutory provision to curtail the scope of application of the
statutory defence in whole or in part in respect of that particular offence.

39 The Court of Appeal in _Tan Chor Jin v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 4 SLR(R)
306 at [30] highlighted that s 80 operated as an exception to criminal
liability in that it:

... exempts the doer of an innocent or [a] lawful act in an innocent or [a]
lawful manner from any unforeseen evil result that may ensue from accident or
misfortune. ... The primordial requirement ... is that the act should have
been done with 'proper care and caution'.

40 Indeed, "the accused's conduct and its effect remain wrongful but the
criminal law is prepared to exculpate him or her for that wrong on account of
the extenuating circumstances comprising the accident" (see _Criminal Law in
Malaysia and Singapore_ at [18.3]).

41 In the commentary by Ratanlal Ranchhoddas and Dhirajlal Keshavlal Thakore,
Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s _the Indian Penal Code (Act XLV of 1860)_ , (LexisNexis
Butterworths Wadhwa, 33rd Ed, Reprint 2011) at p 111, it is stated that s 80
of the Indian Penal Code (which is in _pari materia_ with s 80 of the PC)
exempts the doer of an innocent or lawful act in an innocent or lawful manner
and without any criminal intention or knowledge from any unforeseen evil
result that may ensue from accident or misfortune.

42 The term “accident” is not defined in the PC. In _Rex v Ong Choon_ [1938]
MLJ 227 at 229, the Singapore Court of Criminal Appeal adopted the following
definition for “accident” by Stephens in his _Digest of Criminal Law_ 3rd Ed
at p 143:

[A]n effect is said to be accidental when the act by which it is caused is not
done with the intention of causing it, and when its occurrence as a
consequence of such act is not so probable that a person of ordinary prudence
ought, under the circumstances in which it is done, to take reasonable
precautions against it.

43 The conditions to be fulfilled for the defence of accident to succeed are:

(a) the act done by the accused constituting the alleged offence was the
result of or arose from a misfortune or an accident;

(b) the act constituting the alleged offence took place or occurred in the
course of the accused performing or doing of a lawful act “X” in a lawful
manner, by lawful means;

(c) the act “X” was done with proper care and caution; and

(d) the act “X” was not done with any criminal intention or knowledge.

44 Hence, the accused’s act “X” itself is the intentional act done with
reasonable precautions but without any criminal intent or knowledge. It is the
unexpected or unforeseen effect or result of the accused’s act “X” that is the
accident or misfortune, which constitutes the alleged offence. In other words,
that unexpected or unforeseen effect or result cannot be said to be the
accused’s act _per se_. Consequently, he cannot be made criminally liable for
the alleged offence. It is purely an accident.

45 The illustration in the PC makes it clear how s 80 should be construed. “A”
is at work with a hatchet, which is the lawful act “X” that “A” is performing
or doing at that time. If “A” had taken reasonable precautions having regard
to the risk of being lawfully at work “X” with the hatchet, then the _actus
reus_ of killing a man standing nearby resulting from the head of the hatchet
coming loose, flying off and hitting the man, is excusable and no offence is
committed by “A”. Put simply, it is an unfortunate accident that happened
unexpectedly despite all the reasonable precautions having been taken by “A”.
Although that killing remains wrongful, no fault element can be traced to “A”.
Therefore “A” has to be excused due to extenuating circumstances.

46 As can be seen from the above, the elements to establish the s 80 defence
are usually different from the elements of the alleged offence. The s 80
defence is not meant to negate the elements in the alleged offence. The
elements of the s 80 defence must be established on a balance of probability
by the accused to be acquitted of the charge, whereas the essential elements
of the alleged offence are to be proved by the prosecution beyond a reasonable
doubt for the accused to be convicted of the charge, although some of the
exculpatory facts relied upon to establish the s 80 defence may in themselves
be capable of raising a reasonable doubt on the elements (_eg_ the subjective
mental state of intention and knowledge) relevant to the alleged offence in
question to prevent the Prosecution from succeeding in proving the offence
elements beyond a reasonable doubt.

Ambit of s 80 as a defence to a charge under s 376B

47 I accept that s 377D has not expressly ruled out s 80 as a possible defence
to a charge under s 376B. The phrase “notwithstanding anything in section 80”
does not appear anywhere in s 377D unlike that for s 79.

48 I am of the view, that even without a preceding phrase such as
“notwithstanding anything in section 80” or for that matter a phrase
“notwithstanding anything in sections 79 and 80”, the extremely clear
statutory language for s 377D(1) that --- “a reasonable mistake as to the age
of a person **_shall not be a defence_** to any charge of an offence under
section … 376B …” --- is sufficient to exclude the applicability of any
defence that relies on any exculpatory facts that relate to any mistake made
as to the age of the minor, the reasonableness of that mistake or the manner
in which it was made. Should the statutory defences of ss 79 or 80 be premised
on these same exculpatory facts in relation to the age of the minor, they are
rendered inoperable by virtue of s 377D. However, if the exculpatory facts
relied upon to establish a defence under ss 79 or 80 have nothing to do with
the age of the minor, then these statutory defences can be used to exculpate
the accused person charged with an offence under s 376B.

49 As explained earlier, although s 376B(1) is said to be an offence of
absolute liability, the criminal liability is absolute for adults and repeat
offenders only for **_one aspect_** of the _mens rea ie_ mental element (c)
due to the unambiguous statutory exclusion of a defence of reasonable mistake
as to age for this offence for adult and repeat offenders. But the criminal
liability is certainly not absolute with regards to the other mental elements
(a) and (b).

50 I will give another illustration where a s 80 defence may well operate
because the exculpatory facts giving rise to it do not engage the statutorily
excluded defence of reasonable mistake as to age. The accused person pays a
girl below 18 years of age to give him a body massage using her naked body and
not her hands. The accused person has no intention of penetrating the minor
nor has he paid her to have sexual intercourse with him. During the course of
the body massage and despite precautions having been taken, the girl somehow
slips and the accused person accidently penetrates her vagina with his penis.
The penetration is the result of an accident which occurred in the course of
the accused having a body massage in his hotel room, which I assume is not
unlawful for the purpose of this illustration. If the accused is able to show
that he has taken proper precautions to avoid penetration when he is being
massaged and the penetration is shown to be the result of an accident, the
accused may be able to raise a s 80 defence to a charge under s 376B(1).

51 It must be noted that proving the existence of a s 80 defence on a balance
of probability can be more difficult than simply using these same exculpatory
facts, which are unrelated to the minor’s age:

(a) to raise a reasonable doubt on the _mens rea_ element (a) on the basis
that he intended the consideration to be exclusively for the massage and not
for any sexual penetration; and

(b) to raise a reasonable doubt with respect to _mens rea_ element (b) on the
basis that he never intended to penetrate the vagina of the minor and the
penetration was entirely accidental.

52 As can be seen, to construe s 377D(1) as having excluded a s 80 defence in
every respect is, I think, an extreme position to take and is not borne out by
the statutory language of the provision. I am also not prepared, on a
purposive interpretation of the relevant provisions in the PC, to adopt the
position that s 376B(1) is an offence of absolute liability in every respect
such that all possible accident defences under s 80, even though they may have
nothing to do with the age of the minor, can never be mounted.

Facts in the Present Case

53 It is not disputed that the Appellant paid for the sexual services of the
minor and pursuant to that payment, he had sexual intercourse with the minor.
The Appellant had the basic intent to commit the physical act, _ie_ , have
sexual intercourse with the minor and provide consideration for the sexual
services obtained. What is disputed however is whether the Appellant had taken
proper care and caution in ascertaining the age of the minor. However, for the
purpose of analysis, I will first _assume_ that the Appellant’s contentions
are validly supported on the evidence.

54 The Appellant essentially contended that it was an accident or misfortune
that the sex provider he engaged turned out to be a minor. It was a totally
unexpected event because he had already exercised due care and caution to (a)
ensure that the sex worker provided to him was above 18 years of age; and (b)
eliminate any possible mistake in finding out the minor’s true age. He never
set out to engage a minor in the first place. He had no intention to do so. He
went through his mental check list to ascertain the prostitute’s age prior to
engaging in any commercial sex. When the minor showed up at the hotel, he had
asked her for her age but was told she was 18 years old. To be sure, he had
also asked to inspect the minor’s identity card but unknown to him, the minor
showed him the identity card of her elder sister instead. He honestly believed
that she was above 18 years old at that time. He did not think that the minor
would mislead him as to her age. Under the circumstances, it was not
reasonably foreseeable that he would encounter a minor and be completely
misled as to the minor’s age. His encounter with a minor for commercial sex
was purely the result of an accident and a misfortune.

55 Based on these alleged facts, counsel submitted that the Appellant should
not be denied the benefit of a s 80 defence because the act the Appellant
ultimately committed was the result of an accident or misfortune and would
otherwise be a lawful act that he had done in a lawful manner and by lawful
means, given that he had exercised proper care and caution. Counsel pointed
out that it is not an unlawful act _per se_ for a person in Singapore to
obtain for consideration the sexual services of a person. It may be viewed by
many as immoral but it remains permissible by law. Counsel referred to the
following passage in _Abdullah v R_ [1954] MLJ 195:

What the law does not forbid, it allows, and what a law allows is I think
justified by law. I do not think it possible to have an intermediate area that
is not forbidden but not justifiable.

56 In my view, there can be factual circumstances where both s 79 and s 80
defences are applicable. I find the following passage from _Criminal Law in
Malaysia and Singapore_ at [18.22] illuminating:

Accident and mistake of fact

**There may be circumstances where either the defence of accident under s 80
or of mistake of fact under s 79 could apply. This is because the
circumstances which caused an accused person to misconceive the facts and to
act in a certain way, might also cause an ordinary person in the accused’s
position not to foresee the effect of that act. Since the effect is not
reasonably foreseeable, it could be described as an accident.** A case example
is the Orissa High Court decision in _State v Khora Ghasi_ 1978 Cri LJ 1305.
The accused was a farmer who had shot an arrow at what he reasonably believed
to be a **bird** which had entered his maize field. It turned out to be a
**man** who had stealthily gone among the crop to steal maize. The court held
that the accused should be acquitted either on the basis of s 79 or s 80. It
is noteworthy that these two defences do not operate in combination but rather
serve as alternatives. Since the elements of each defence are not the same,
there may be cases where one defence will succeed but not the other. [Emphasis
added in bold.]

57 The Appellant basically has aligned his case along the facts in _State v
Khora Ghasi_ 1978 Cri LJ 1305. The “man” is now substituted with the “minor
below 18 years of age” and the “bird” is substituted with a “prostitute above
the age of 18”. The farmer shot an arrow at what he reasonably believed to be
a “bird” but the “bird” turned out to be a “man.” The Appellant had sex with
whom he reasonably believed was a “prostitute above the age of 18” but the
prostitute turned out to be a “minor below 18 years of age”. It was purely an
accident that the “prostitute” turned out to be a “minor” because it is not
reasonable for the Appellant to have foreseen that the “prostitute” would be a
“minor” especially after he had taken all the precautions in his mental
checklist to ensure a low risk of that event happening to him. Counsel argued
that the Appellant is entitled to rely on either a s 79 or s 80 defence as
they are alternative defences available to him on the same set of facts. Since
Parliament only excluded a s 79 defence but not a s 80 defence, the Appellant
should nevertheless be acquitted under the s 80 defence although s 79 is not
available to him.

58 However such an argument as the trial judge had astutely recognised is in
substance the same as the defence of reasonable mistake of fact as to the age
of the minor but under a different label. He held that s 377D necessarily
excludes any defence which includes any form of s 80 defence that hinges or is
built upon a mistake as to the age of the commercial sex provider. I agree.

59 In fact, the exculpatory facts relied upon by the Appellant are all about
his mistaken view or belief of the minor’s age being above 18, which was
formed as a result of him not foreseeing or expecting that the prostitute
could ever be below 18 since so much care and caution had been taken by him to
reduce the likelihood of that event happening.

60 The exculpatory facts nonetheless fall squarely within the defence which
Parliament deemed fit to expressly exclude in no uncertain terms having regard
to the objective of the provision to protect the young and vulnerable from
prostitution and commercial sexual exploitation. It is therefore not open to
the Appellant to argue that having taken proper care and caution to verify the
victim’s age, and not having foreseen or expected he could have been wrong in
his belief that the prostitute was above 18, he should nevertheless be excused
pursuant to s 80 for his “accident” in getting the minor’s age wrong. In my
view, all this is nothing more than a mistake made in ascertaining the correct
age of the prostitute and that is precisely the very defence that s 377D
precludes him from raising. The trial judge was therefore right to find that
the Appellant’s submission of a s 80 defence hinged or was built upon a
mistake as to the age of the commercial sex provider. The trial judge rightly
found that even if the accused’s version of the facts was fully accepted that
he had been misled and he had genuinely believed that the minor was above 18,
the fact remains that it has turned out to be a mistaken belief. Thus, no
matter how reasonably the mistake came to be made, it was no defence to the
charge. To allow the Appellant to circumvent s 377D in this manner would be to
subvert Parliament’s intention and severely undermine the enforcement and
purpose of s 376B read with s 377D. The conviction of the Appellant must
necessarily be upheld.

61 Since there is no appeal against the sentence, which in any event has been
served, there is no real need for me to assess whether the trial judge’s
findings of fact were plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence, so
that I can thereafter make a determination whether a manifestly excessive
sentence has been imposed. Even if all the disputed facts were to be decided
in favour of the Appellant, they are relevant only to the determination of the
appropriate sentence. They do not provide a valid defence to a criminal charge
under s 376B(1) of the PC for the reasons I have stated.

62 In any event, after a careful perusal of the Record of Appeal and after
giving full consideration to the submissions, I do not think that the trial
judge had erred in his factual findings. His conclusion that the minor did not
show any identity card to the Appellant is supportable on the evidence and I
agree with his finding that the Appellant could not show that he had acted
with “proper care and caution”. The defence of accident under s 80 would in
any event have failed on the facts as found by the trial judge. The appeal
against conviction is accordingly dismissed.

* * *

[note: 1]Parliamentary Debates (Sing, Parliamentary Reports, Vol. 83, Col.
2187 – 2188, 22 October 2007)

[note: 2]Parliamentary Debates (Sing, Parliamentary Reports, Vol. 83, Col.
2206, 22 October 2007)

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Oct 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

