Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Koh Lau Keow and others _v_ Attorney-General  
[2014] SGCA 18

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 79 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 March 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Suresh Damodara (Damodara Hazra LLP) for the appellants;
Lim Wei Shin, Leon Michael Ryan and Russell Low (Attorney-General's Chambers)
for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Koh Lau Keow and others — Attorney-General  
  
17 March 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal concerns a trust (“the Trust”) declared in a deed on 12 October
1960 (“the Trust Deed”) by the first appellant, the plaintiff in the action
below, over a property at 10 Rangoon Lane (formerly 156E Rangoon Road) (“the
Property”). The action below, _ie_ , Originating Summons No 1021 of 2012 (“OS
1021/2012”), was instituted by the appellants for a declaration that the Trust
is void and that the first appellant (“Koh”) is the sole beneficial owner of
the Property. The application was opposed by the respondent in his capacity as
the protector of charities, and it was dismissed by the High Court judge (“the
Judge”): see the report of the decision in _Koh Lau Keow and others v
Attorney-General_ [2013] 4 SLR 491. The sole issue at the hearing before the
High Court and in this appeal is whether the Trust created in the Trust Deed
is a valid charitable trust.

Facts

2 Koh, presently aged 96, was born in China and came to Singapore in 1936.
Sometime in 1948, she decided to purchase the Property to serve as a home for
herself and three other women (whom she refers to as her “Aunts” although they
were unrelated by blood). She paid the entire purchase price of $3,500.
However, in the conveyance of the Property to Koh, she added the Aunts, in
addition to herself, as registered owners of the Property because she did not
want them to become homeless should she pre-decease them.

3 Initially Koh built on the Property a small wooden structure, with a hall in
the front portion and two rooms in the back portion. The hall was used as a
Buddhist temple for religious worship while the two rooms were used as living
quarters by Koh and her Aunts. Later, in 1957, as the wooden structure had
become badly in need of repair, Koh engaged a contractor to erect a concrete
single-storey building on the Property. In the agreement with the contractor,
the building to be erected was described as a “Chinese nunnery”.[note: 1] The
building has since been renovated twice, in 1993 and 2009; the last renovation
saw the conversion of part of the kitchen into two additional bedrooms.

4 Soon after purchasing the Property, Koh was advised by some devotees who
prayed at the Property that she could request for an exemption from the
payment of rates on the basis that the Property was being used for religious
purposes, that is, as a temple. Accordingly, she engaged lawyers who
corresponded on her behalf with the authorities on the issue. It appears from
the correspondence that the first application for exemption was made in April
1948, and in relation to which the Municipal Assessor asked the following
questions:[note: 2]

(a) Whether the [P]roperty was vested under a Deed of Trust and, if so, the
names of the Trustees in whom the management of the building is vested?

(b) Particulars as to how funds for the upkeep of the Temple are derived?

(c) Whether the whole was used for public religious worship and, if not, the
number of persons dwelling therein, with their occupations?

(d) Was any pecuniary profit derived from the occupation of the [P]roperty,
such as selling joss-sticks etc.?

Koh’s lawyers did not reply to this query from the Municipal Assessor. In July
1949, Koh wrote to the Municipal Assessor again requesting for exemption from
rates. The Municipal Assessor replied on 22 July 1949 repeating the questions
which he had posed in the previous letter. On 16 August 1949, Lim Boon Hian
(one of Koh’s Aunts) replied as follows (“the 16 August 1949 Letter”):[note:
3]

…

(a)The [P]roperty was not vested under a Deed of Trust but it was owned by
four female vegetarians viz: Koh Low Kiew, Chia Siang Kim, Low Wee Lan; and
Lim Boon Hian as joint tenants.

(b)Earnings from needle work and sewing and charity from the worshippers, help
us to up-keep the temple.

(c)The front portion of the premises was used for public religious worship and
the back portions utilised by us for dwelling purposes. Our occupation is
needle work and sewing.

(d)No pecuniary gains are derived from the occupation of the Temple.

…

5 There is a substantial gap in the evidential record as to the further
correspondence between Koh and the authorities on this issue. The next letter
on record is dated 27 September 1960 from one Chan See Kan, Secretary of the
Assessment Appeals Committee, informing Koh’s lawyers of the following:[note:
4]

…

With reference to your application for exemption from payment of assessment on
the above [P]roperty, I have to inform you that the Assessment Appeals
Committee, at its meeting held on 17.8.60, agreed that No. 156E, Rangoon Road
be exempted from the payment of rates with effect from 1.1.59 for so long as
the premises are used for religious purposes.

…

6 Upon obtaining exemption from rates in respect of the Property, Koh was
advised by her lawyers that, in view of the 27 September 1960 letter, it would
be helpful for evidential purposes to sign a document declaring that the
Property was being and would continue to be used for religious purposes.
Accordingly, she and her Aunts executed the Trust Deed prepared by her
lawyers. The relevant portions of the Trust Deed state:

…

WHEREAS [Koh and the Aunts] are seised for an estate in fee simple as joint
tenants in possession free from incumbrances of the land and premises
described in the Schedule hereto and have for some time past permitted the
said land and premises and the buildings erected thereon to be used occupied
and enjoyed as a temple or place of public worship for persons professing the
Buddhist faith and as a home or sanctuary for Chinese women vegetarians of the
Buddhist faith and as a place for practising promoting teaching and studying
the doctrines principles and teachings of the Buddhist Religion.

AND WHEREAS with the object of perpetuating such use occupation and enjoyment
of the said land and premises and the buildings now and from time to time
erected thereon for the purposes aforesaid, [Koh and the Aunts] are _desirous
of dedicating the same to charity_ and of settling the same in manner
hereinafter appearing.

NOW THIS DEED WITNESS that for effectuating the said desire and in
consideration of the premises, [Koh and the Aunts] … declare that they and the
trustees for the time being of this deed (hereinafter called “the trustees”)
shall henceforth stand seised of ALL the land and premises described in the
Schedule hereto upon the trusts and with and subject to the powers provisions
agreements and declarations hereinafter declared and contained concerning the
same, that is to say:-

(1) The trustees shall permit the said land and premises and the buildings now
and from time to time erected thereon to be used in perpetuity under the name
of “Chee Teck Kwang Imm Tng” (hereinafter referred to as “the said Temple”) as
and for _all or any of the following purposes_ , that is to say:-

(a)As and for a temple or place of worship for persons of the Chinese race
professing the Buddhist faith. [“Purpose A”]

(b) _As and for a home or sanctuary for such Chinese women vegetarians of the
Buddhist faith as may from time to time be chosen by the trustees of this
deed._ [“Purpose B”]

(c)As and for a place for practising promoting teaching and studying the
doctrines principles and teachings of the Buddhist Religion. [“Purpose C”]

…

(4) _The Chinese women vegetarians of the Buddhist faith who may reside in the
said Temple shall be such persons as the trustees may from time to time in
their absolute and uncontrolled discretion choose_ and allow with liberty to
the trustees from time to time and at all times at their absolute and
uncontrolled discretion to expel without assigning any reason therefor any
such person or persons.

…

[emphasis added]

7 Two of the Aunts passed away in April 1970 and April 1975 respectively. The
third and remaining Aunt retired as a trustee in June 1976 and passed away in
April 1990.[note: 5] The second to sixth appellants were appointed as trustees
between 1992 and 2003 at the behest of Koh. The third and fourth appellants
were adopted by Koh at birth. The second, fifth and sixth appellants were
close to Koh, who treated them as daughters.

8 Since its establishment, the following temple activities have been conducted
on the Property:

(a) mass worship sessions and celebrations four times a year (on the birthdays
of the Goddess of Mercy in the second, sixth and ninth lunar month and on the
Lunar New Year);

(b) daily prayer recitals in the morning and evening;

(c) ad hoc worship sessions by relatives, close friends and neighbours; and

(d) teaching of Buddhist doctrines to a few old and uneducated vegetarian
women (but this was stopped since 1970).

According to Koh, the Temple was never open to the public for worship except
for the aforementioned four times a year. In other words, the public did not
have any access to the Property for prayers except on these four occasions in
a year. All along, she only allowed a close group of relatives, friends and
neighbours (initially numbering about 20 but currently numbering about 70 to
80) to freely visit or use the temple.

9 The individuals who have resided on the Property include Koh, her Aunts, her
adopted daughters, her granddaughter, and one Ms Koh Chun, the daughter of one
of her relatives in China. Koh deposed that no one else has lived on the
Property besides these individuals.

10 At this juncture we would pause to explain that with the enactment of the
Property Tax Ordinance 1960 (No 72 of 1960), “rates” payable in respect of
property had thereafter become known as “property tax”. In 2005, the Inland
Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) reviewed the property tax exemption
for the Property and informed Koh that property tax on it was payable
retrospectively from 1 January 1999.

11 Due to her advanced age and limited physical mobility, Koh has been
contemplating ceasing all temple activities on the Property. Her adopted
daughters are either unwilling or unable to continue maintaining the temple.
Wishing to terminate the Trust and make provisions for the Property in a will,
Koh (together with the other trustees) filed OS 1021/2012 and the decision of
the Judge on that summons is the subject of the present appeal.

Proceedings below

12 The appellants initially sought to impeach the Trust on two grounds. First,
Koh claimed that she had no intention to give up beneficial ownership of the
Property absolutely when she executed the Trust Deed. Because she and her
aunts did not understand English, they did not read the Trust Deed before
signing it; neither did her lawyers explain to them that this would be the
effect of the Trust. But at the hearing before the Judge, the appellants
decided to abandon this ground. Hence, the second and only ground relied on by
the appellants at the hearing below was that the Trust is not a valid
charitable trust because the use of the Property “as and for a home or
sanctuary for such Chinese women vegetarians of the Buddhist faith as may from
time to time be chosen by the trustees of this deed” (_ie_ , Purpose B) is not
a valid charitable purpose. Accordingly, the Trust is void for violating the
rule against perpetuities, and there is a resulting trust of the Property in
favour of its original owners, of whom Koh is the only survivor.

13 On the other hand, the respondent argued that Purpose B was charitable
because it advanced religion. Significantly, he agreed in the proceedings
below that Purpose B was _not_ for the relief of poverty.

14 The Judge held that the Trust was a valid charitable trust and dismissed
the application. With respect to Purpose B, he found that the phrase “home and
sanctuary” connotes “a religious institution where the defined class of
persons (of that religion) is looked after and finds refuge or sanctuary” (at
[31]). In his judgment, the use of the Property for this purpose directly
advances religion, as the persons residing in the Property would have
benefited from “passive advancement and personal spiritual contemplation” (at
[36]). Furthermore, despite the respondent’s concession, the Judge found that
Purpose B also had the effect of relieving poverty, given that those who
choose to reside in the Property (with the approval of the trustees) are
likely to be compelled by special circumstances such as orphanhood, poverty or
dysfunctional family situations (at [47]).

The parties’ arguments on appeal

15 It is common ground that Purpose A and Purpose C advances the Buddhist
religion and are therefore charitable. But that is not sufficient to render
the trust as a whole charitable unless Purpose B is also a charitable purpose.
Thus the proper construction of Purpose B is the bone of contention. The
appellants submit that Purpose B is not charitable in nature. They aver that
the Judge had erred in reading words into Purpose B that were not there – that
is, that the Buddhist Chinese female vegetarians who choose to reside in the
Property are likely to be compelled by special circumstances such as
orphanhood, poverty or dysfunctional family situations. Purpose B, as drafted,
is not restricted to such individuals and should not have been found to
relieve poverty. Furthermore, even if the Judge’s interpretation of Purpose B
were correct, the personal spiritual contemplation of the residents of the
Property does not and could not advance religion or confer a public benefit.

16 The respondent contends that the Judge was correct in interpreting “home or
sanctuary” exegetically to mean a place of refuge for persons who need care or
have no home of their own. Such a purpose advances religion because activities
relating to social welfare undertaken by religious bodies have been held to
advance religion. The element of public benefit is also present because the
category of “Chinese women vegetarians of the Buddhist faith” is capable of
capturing a sufficiently broad segment of the public.

17 As for the relief of poverty, the respondent now adopts the Judge’s view
that Purpose B does relieve poverty as well. He contends that the intention to
relieve poverty may be inferred from the very nature of the gift itself, and
it is not necessary for Purpose B to expressly stipulate that the Buddhist
Chinese female vegetarians who reside in the Property must be poor.

Our decision

18 The following propositions are undisputed by the parties:

(a) The Trust must be a charitable trust to be valid. This is because (i) the
Trust is stated to be “in perpetuity” and would be void for offending the rule
against perpetuities (which does not apply to charitable trusts); and (ii) the
Trust is a purpose trust with no definite beneficiaries and is void unless
charitable.

(b) Under common law, if the funds of a charitable trust may be used for some
non-charitable purpose, it will not be a valid charitable trust: see Hubert
Picarda, _The Law and Practice Relating to Charities_ (Bloomsbury
Professional, 4th Ed, 2010) (“ _Picarda_ ”) at pp 329–330. For it to be a
charitable trust, its objects must be wholly charitable: Peter Luxton, _The
Law of Charities_ (Oxford University Press, 2001) at paras 6.01–6.03. The
common law position has since been modified by s 64(1) of the Trustees Act
(Cap 337, 2005 Rev Ed), which provides that no trust shall be invalidated by
reason that its purposes include some non-charitable and invalid purpose as
well as some charitable purpose. However, this provision is not relevant here
because it does not apply to trusts declared before 14th July 1967.

(c) For a purpose to be classified as charitable, it must fall within one of
the four heads of charity enunciated by Lord Macnaghten in _The Commissioners
for Special Purposes of the Income Tax v John Frederick Pemsel_ [1891] 1 AC
531 (“ _Pemsel_ ”) at 583: (i) trusts for the relief of poverty; (ii) trusts
for the advancement of education; (iii) trusts for the advancement of
religion; and (iv) trusts for other purposes beneficial to the community.

(d) Leaving Purpose B aside, the other purposes of the Trust (see [6] above)
are charitable in nature because they advance religion.

19 Thus, the only issue before us is whether Purpose B, on its true
construction, is charitable because it falls within one of the _Pemsel_
categories. Only two of Pemsel’s categories are relevant here: trust for the
relief of poverty and trust for the advancement of religion.

How should Purpose B be interpreted?

20 For ease of reference, we set out again the terms of Purpose B:

As and for a home or sanctuary for such Chinese women vegetarians of the
Buddhist faith as may from time to time be chosen by the trustees of this
deed.

21 It is trite that the principle of benignant construction applies to
charitable gifts – in other words, where a bequest is capable of two
constructions, one of which would make it void, and the other would make it
effectual, the latter should be adopted: _Tudor on Charities_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2003) (“ _Tudor_ ”) at para 4-002. On the other hand, the
court must not strain the will to gain money for charity: _Picarda_ at p 354.

22 As mentioned at [14] above, the Judge’s interpretation of Purpose B hinged
on the meaning he ascribed to the phrase “home or sanctuary”. First, he
considered the dictionary definitions of “home” and “sanctuary” separately, as
follows (at [25]–[26]):

25 The _Shorter Oxford English Dictionary_ (Oxford University Press, 6th ed,
2007) (Volume 2) has several definitions for “sanctuary” (at p 2661), two of
which are relevant to the language of Purpose B:

**1** A building or place set apart for the worship of a god or gods; a
church; a temple. Also (_arch_.), a church or body of believers; a priestly
office or order.

…

**5 a** Orig., a church or order sacred place in which, by the law of the
medieval church, a fugitive or debtor was immune from arrest. Later _gen_.,
any place in which a similar immunity is granted to a fugitive; a place of
refuge and safety. **b** Immunity from arrest or punishment, secured by taking
refuge in a sanctuary; the right or privilege of such protection; shelter,
refuge.

26 The _Shorter Oxford English Dictionary_ (_ibid._) (Volume 1) also has
several relevant definitions for “home” (at p 1266):

…

**2** The place where one lives permanently, esp. as a member of a family or
household; a fixed place of residence. Freq. without article or possessive,
esp. as representing the centre of family life. [“Definition 2”]

…

**4** A place or region to which one naturally belongs or where one feels at
ease. Also _spiritual home_.

…

**6** An institution looking after people etc. who need care or have no home
of their own. [“Definition 6”]

…

[emphasis in original]

23 He found that the most apt definition for “home” was Definition 6 (“[a]n
institution looking after people _etc_ who need care or have no home of their
own”), and the most apt definition for “sanctuary” was “a place of refuge and
safety”. He then held at [31] that because there was a sufficient overlap in
the meaning between “home” and sanctuary”, the phrase “home or sanctuary”
should be interpreted exegetically and not conjunctively as true alternatives.
In other words, instead of applying Definition 2 of “home” as a place of
residence and construing it as an alternative use to which the Property might
be put (thereby rendering Purpose B not exclusively charitable), the Judge
read “home or sanctuary” as a phrase whereby “sanctuary” is a synonym that
_explains_ the true meaning of the word “home”, which is not Definition 2 but
Definition 6\. Thus, Purpose B does not allow the trustees to use the Property
as a place of residence for _any_ Buddhist Chinese female vegetarian but only
those who are homeless or otherwise in need of care.

24 With respect, we are unable to agree with the Judge’s interpretation of
Purpose B as it is inconsistent with the express terms of the Trust Deed as
well as the circumstances prevailing at the time the Trust Deed was executed.
First, it is contradicted by cl 4, which confers on the trustees the “absolute
and uncontrolled discretion” to select the persons who may reside in the
Property. Equally significant is the fact that the Trust Deed nowhere states
that only destitute or needy persons would be allowed to reside in the
Property. Indeed this omission is completely in line with the intention as
expressed in cl 4. Second, the Judge’s interpretation is inconsistent with the
circumstances surrounding the execution of the Trust Deed. The uncontroverted
evidence indicates that Koh had never meant to restrict the class of persons
who could reside on the Property to _needy_ Buddhist Chinese female
vegetarians. Before the Trust was declared, Koh stayed on the Property
together with her Aunts, and this did not change even after the Trust was
declared. Beside Koh and her Aunts, the only people who had ever stayed on the
Property were her relatives, and there is no evidence that these individuals
were homeless or in need of care. In short, the Property was at all times used
as a private residence rather than as an institution or place of refuge for
needy individuals. Given this factual matrix, we do not think it was justified
for the Judge to infer and conclude that the Buddhist Chinese female
vegetarians who choose to reside in the Property (with the approval of the
trustees) are likely to be compelled by unfortunate circumstances such as
poverty or family dysfunction to live there.

25 We note that the respondent has contended that the intentions of the
settlor should be inferred from the Trust Deed as a whole, and that the actual
use of the Property as a private residence by Koh and the trustees should be
regarded as a breach of trust instead of causing the trust to fail.[note: 6]
But this is plainly a circular argument, as whether or not there has been a
breach of trust depends on how this Court should construe Purpose B. We
further reject the proposition that extrinsic evidence should be ignored when
interpreting a trust deed. While purely subjective and uncorroborated evidence
by a settlor as to his intentions at the time the trust deed was drafted is
inadmissible (_Tudor_ at para 4-004), _objective_ evidence of the settlor’s
intent is highly relevant in construing a trust deed, especially in cases
where its language is ambiguous. As stated in _Picarda_ (at p 358):

Naturally the contemporaneous acts of the donor are of particular importance
for the purpose of construing a deed of gift executed by him. Evidence is also
admissible of the early application or distribution of the fund, and of the
construction placed on doubtful questions which arose in the early
administration of the trust.

Likewise, _Tudor_ states (at para 4-008):

The contemporaneous acts and condition of a donor are of the greatest possible
importance for the purpose of construing a deed of gift executed by him … So
also the manner in which the donor of the fund, if he was the first trustee,
conducted himself in distributing it, the contemporaneous application of the
funds, and contemporaneous deeds relating to the same charity, are of
importance.

Given that the word “home” in Purpose B is capable of multiple meanings,
including Definition 2 (a fixed place of residence) and Definition 6 (an
institution looking after people who need care or have no home of their own),
it is important to consider the contemporaneous evidence to ascertain Koh’s
intent when the Trust Deed was drafted.

26 As we have noted, Koh’s use of the Property both before and after the Trust
was executed demonstrates that she had intended to use it as a private
residence and not as a home for the needy. This is corroborated by the 16
August 1949 Letter, which stated that the back portion of the Property was
used for “dwelling purposes” by the owners (see [4] above). As this letter was
written in support of a request for property tax exemption, one would expect
that if Koh and her Aunts had indeed meant to use the Property as a home for
the needy, they would have put this fact front and centre. Instead, their
letter made it clear that half of the Property was being used as a temple and
the other half as a private residence. There is also no evidence that this
intention had changed by the time the Trust Deed was executed – on the
contrary, this intention persisted as Koh has been living in the Property with
her relatives from 1960 till today. Thus, if the respondent’s contentions were
accepted, it would mean that Koh had set up the Trust with the intention of
breaching it from the very outset – a rather strange proposition or outcome
indeed.

27 In endorsing the Judge’s interpretation of “home”, the respondent also
cites the case of _In re Isabel Joanna James_ [1932] 2 Ch 25 (“ _Re James_ ”),
in which Farwell J held that a trust to provide a “Home of Rest for the
sisters of the Home of the Community of the Epiphany at Truro, the Clergy of
the Diocese of Truro, and such persons as the Mother Superior for the time
being of the said Home of the Community of the Epiphany at Truro shall from
time to time nominate and appoint” was charitable. He stated (at 30–33):

Prima facie at any rate, I think, a gift of a fund or property for the purpose
of founding and endowing a Home of Rest is a charitable object. … It may be
that to provide a Home of Rest for a particular class of persons, who could
not be in any sense described as in need of such a home, would not be
charitable; but _prima facie in my judgment the words “Home of Rest”
themselves indicate something in the nature of a hospital, although not
strictly a hospital, that is to say, a home which is to provide relief for
those who are in need of it, not by means of medicine or medical attendance,
but by providing them with the means and possibility of rest, and that is in
my view in a true sense providing for the impotent, and accordingly to provide
a Home of Rest is, in my judgment, prima facie a good charitable object._ If
that be so, if the provision of a Home of Rest is prima facie a good
charitable object, then it does not necessarily follow that the gift will fail
because some of the uses to which the Home may be put might, upon a right
construction of the language of the will, be uses which would not be strictly
charitable. …

In the present case, looking at the terms of this will, the object is to
establish a Home of Rest, and the persons for whose benefit that Home of Rest
is to be provided are, firstly, the Sisters of the Home of the Epiphany at
Truro. That is an association of ladies for the purpose of doing charitable
work. I do not think that it is necessary for me to consider exactly what is
the position of these ladies, _except to say that from the evidence it appears
that under the rules_** _the ladies who enter the community give up their
private means, and are themselves, therefore, without means_** _._ The lady
who desired to found this Home of Rest was anxious that among the persons who
might benefit from such a home should be those ladies who carry on what is I
think clearly a charitable work. Then there are the clergy, who are to have
the advantage of the Home. **_The clergy of the diocese are clearly persons
who are carrying on charitable work._**

But when one comes to the words “such persons as the Mother Superior for the
time being of the said Home of the Community of the Epiphany at Truro shall
from time to time nominate and appoint,” they would indicate that the Mother
Superior, who is not a trustee, would have the widest possible discretion to
appoint anybody she pleased, irrespective of their means or any question of
that kind. I think that the words bear that meaning, but, _in my judgment,
when one reads the clause as a whole the duty of the Mother Superior (not
because she is the Mother Superior of this particular Home, or in any way
owing to her position in the Home, but owing to the fact that the object of
the trust is charitable) is_** _to nominate only such persons as are properly
suitable to a Home of Rest as a charity_** _, and if she were to nominate
persons who were unsuitable for such a purpose, it would, in my judgment, be
the duty of the trustees to refuse such nomination_. It is for the trustees to
see that the Home of Rest is used and carried on as a charity, and, in my
judgment, _the power of the Mother Superior to nominate persons must be
limited to that overriding purpose, and only such persons as are suitable for
the Home can be properly nominated and appointed by her_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In our view, however, _Re James_ is distinguishable from our case. In the
first place, the use of initial capital letters in “Home of Rest” indicates
that the phrase was meant as a specialised term and did not simply refer to a
private residence. Second, Farwell J was influenced by the fact that the named
beneficiaries such as the Sisters and the clergy were either without means
themselves or carrying on charitable work, and it would therefore be
charitable to provide them with a home. No such assumption can be made of
“Chinese women vegetarians of the Buddhist faith” – these women need not
necessarily be poor or destitute (see for example the case of _In re Sanders’
Will Trusts_ [1954] 1 Ch 265 where a trust to provide dwellings for the
“working classes” was held not to be a trust to relieve poverty since “working
classes” did not necessarily mean to relieve the poor). Third, there was no
evidence of contrary intent on the part of the testator in _Re James_ ,
whereas in our case there is evidence that the donor of the Property – Koh –
had regarded the Property as a private residence and had administered the
Trust as such from the very beginning. Fourth, the wording of the clause in
_Re James_ allowed Farwell J to hold that the Mother Superior’s seemingly
broad discretion to nominate persons to reside in the Home of Rest was in fact
restricted; this is not possible in our case as cl 4 of the Trust Deed
expressly gives the trustees the absolute unfettered discretion to decide whom
they wish to permit to reside at the Property.

28 What, then, is the effect of the phrase “or sanctuary”? Reading Purpose B
in context, the word “sanctuary” was probably used for its religious
connotations. It is clear from the Trust Deed as a whole and the surrounding
circumstances that Koh had meant to use the Property as a place to conduct
Buddhist worship; indeed, as mentioned at [3] above, the Property was
described as a “Chinese nunnery” in Koh’s 1957 renovation agreement.
Consequently, the phrase “home or sanctuary” is more likely to mean a
residence for religious individuals who would practise their faith in the
course of their stay.

29 We therefore find that Purpose B does not require the trustees to allow
only homeless or needy people to stay on the Property, and cannot be said to
be charitable on the basis that it relieves poverty.

Does Purpose B advance religion?

30 The next question is: does Purpose B advance religion because the
individuals living on the Property would likely benefit from passive
advancement and personal spiritual contemplation?

31 In holding that it does, the Judge at [33] relied on a report by the
Charity Commission for England and Wales, _The Advancement of Religion for the
Public Benefit_ (December 2008, as amended December 2011) (“ _English Charity
Commission Report_ ”), which stated that religion could be advanced in two
ways: (i) seeking new followers or adherents, and (ii) encouraging and
facilitating religious practice by existing followers or adherents (at p 24).
One example of the second way is “‘passive advancement’, meaning leaving
religious buildings open for people to enter and benefit from personal
spiritual contemplation and the provision of property for retreat” (at pp
24–25).

32 But it is trite law that for a trust that purports to advance religion to
be considered charitable, there must be a sufficient element of public benefit
(_Picarda_ at pp 111–113). In _In re White_ [1893] 2 Ch 41 (“ _Re White_ ”),
Jenkin LJ said (at 51): “A society for the promotion of private prayer and
devotion by its own members, and which has no wider scope, no public element,
no purposes of general utility, would be a ‘religious’ society, but not a
‘charitable’ one.” As the _English Charity Commission Report_ itself notes (at
p 21):

… a fundamental part of the public benefit requirement is that the benefits
that are identified must be sufficiently available or accessible to the
public. _So where the practices of the organisation advancing religion are_**
_essentially private or limited to a private group of individuals_** _, this
requirement would not be met_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

33 There is a long line of authority stating that gifts in favour of
individuals conducting private religious worship do not satisfy the public
benefit requirement. We have already referred to _Re White_. It suffices to
cite four more such cases here.

34 In _Cocks v Manners_ (1871) LR 12 Eq 574 (“ _Cocks v Manners_ ”), the
testatrix bequeathed her property to, _inter alia_ , two institutions. The
first was a Dominican convent consisting of Roman Catholic females living
together by mutual agreement in a state of celibacy, under a common superior,
for the purpose of sanctifying their own souls by prayer and pious
contemplation. The second was the Sisters of Charity of St Paul, an
institution composed of Roman Catholic women living together by mutual
consent, whose primary object was personal sanctification, and who, as a means
thereto, employed themselves in the exercise of works of piety and charity in
teaching the poor and nursing the sick. Sir John Vickens VC held that the
Sisters of Charity was a charitable institution because of their social work,
but not the Dominican convent (at 584–585):

… The community of sisters at Selley Oak is, in point of law, a voluntary
association for the purposes of teaching the ignorant and nursing the sick;
and I cannot distinguish it in this respect from any of the numerous voluntary
associations established in London, such as the Scripture Readers, Home
Missionaries, or Anglican Sisters of Mercy, in which zealous persons unite for
the purpose of performing charitable functions, taking out of the funds of the
association so much as is necessary for their own wants, and extending their
operations as their means permit.

…

As regards the Dominican convent the case is a little different, and more
difficult. … A voluntary association of women for the purpose of working out
their own salvation by religious exercises and self-denial seems to me to have
none of the requisites of a charitable institution, whether the word
“charitable” is used in its popular sense or in its legal sense. _It is said,
in some of the cases, that religious purposes are charitable, but that can
only be true as to religious services tending directly or indirectly towards
the instruction or the edification of the public;_ an annuity to an
individual, so long as he spent his time in retirement and constant devotion,
would not be charitable, nor would a gift to ten persons, so long as they
lived together in retirement and performed acts of devotion, be charitable.
Therefore the gift to the Dominican convent is not, in my opinion, a gift on a
charitable trust.

[emphasis added]

35 _Cocks v Manners_ was cited with approval by the House of Lords in _Gilmour
v Coats and others_ [1949] 1 AC 426. The latter case concerned a trust in
favour of a priory consisting of cloistered nuns who devoted their lives to
prayer, contemplation, penance and self-sanctification within their convent
and engaged in no exterior works. The court held that the purposes of the
priory were not charitable because the element of public benefit was absent.
In particular, Lord Simonds rejected the argument that intercessory prayer by
the nuns or edification by example could constitute benefit to the public (at
446–447):

My Lords, I would speak with all respect and reverence of those who spend
their lives in cloistered piety, and in this House of Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, which daily commences its proceedings with intercessory prayers, how
can I deny that the Divine Being may in His wisdom think fit to answer them?
But, my Lords, whether I affirm or deny, whether I believe or disbelieve, what
has that to do with the proof which the court demands that a particular
purpose satisfies the test of benefit to the community? Here is something
which is manifestly not susceptible of proof. But, then it is said, this is a
matter not of proof but of belief: for the value of intercessory prayer is a
tenet of the Catholic faith, therefore in such prayer there is benefit to the
community. But it is just at this “therefore” that I must pause. It is, no
doubt, true that the advancement of religion is, generally speaking, one of
the heads of charity. But it does not follow from this that the court must
accept as proved whatever a particular church believes. _The faithful must
embrace their faith believing where they cannot prove: the court can act only
on proof. A gift to two or ten or a hundred cloistered nuns in the belief that
their prayers will benefit the world at large does not from that belief alone
derive validity any more than does the belief of any other donor for any other
purpose_. …

I turn to the second of the alleged elements of public benefit, edification by
example. And I think that this argument can be dealt with very shortly. _It is
in my opinion sufficient to say that this is something too vague and
intangible to satisfy the prescribed test. The test of public benefit has, I
think, been developed in the last two centuries. To-day it is beyond doubt
that that element must be present. No court would be rash enough to attempt to
define precisely or exhaustively what its content must be._ But it would
assume a burden which it could not discharge if now for the first time it
admitted into the category of public benefit something so indirect, remote,
imponderable and, I would add, controversial as the benefit which may be
derived by others from the example of pious lives.

[emphasis added]

36 Next is the case of _In re Warre’s Will Trusts_ [1953] 1 WLR 725 (“ _Re_
_Warre’s_ ”), where the testatrix gave the residue of her estate to be held on
trust for, _inter alia_ , the provision and upkeep of “a retreat house”.
Harman J held that such a purpose was not charitable (at 728–729):

The testatrix proposed secondly what she called a retreat house; this phrase
is explained as meaning a house devoted to a form of religious activity or
inactivity which is known as a “retreat,” and that is a well understood form
of religious experience in the Church of England. It is a retirement from the
activities of the world for a space of time for religious contemplation and
the cleansing of the soul. No doubt that it is a highly beneficial activity
for the person who undertakes it, but it is not an activity, which for the
reasons so often set out in English law is a charitable activity. …

…

_Activities which do not in any way affect the public or any section of it are
not charitable._ _Pious contemplation and prayer are no doubt good for the
soul, and may be of benefit by some intercessory process, of which the law
takes no notice, but they are not (legally speaking) charitable activities._ …

[emphasis added]

The respondent points out that _Re Warre’s_ has been criticised by _Tudor_ and
_Picarda_ as being wrongly decided.[note: 7] The authors of those textbooks
argue that there is public benefit in a diocesan retreat house because it is
open to any member of the Church of England, and individual retreatants return
to the outside world after their short stay to mingle with their fellow
citizens.[note: 8] As argued by _Picarda_ (at p 128):

… There is surely a material difference between a closed religious community
consisting of private individuals working out their own salvation in private
and a retreat house to which members of the public resort for only a very
limited period of time and possibly only once. …

But this argument, even if accepted, would not apply to the present case where
the clear intent of Purpose B was to create a long term residence for
individuals selected by the trustees, and not a temporary religious retreat
that any Buddhist Chinese female vegetarian can resort to. And while we accept
that some mingling between the residents and the public might occur when the
Property is open to the public four times a year for the public to participate
in the religious activities, such sporadic interaction and participation is
simply insufficient to change the essentially private character of Purpose B.
In any event, we would underscore the fact that the terms of the Trust, in
particular Purpose B, do not require the trustees to open the Property and
allow the public to reside therein temporarily for the purposes of a retreat.
It was because of this aspect of public participation in retreats in _Re
Warre’s_ that academic writers viewed that case as being wrongly decided.

37 Last, but not least, there is the local case of _Re Chionh Ke Hu, Deceased_
[1964] MLJ 270, where the executors of a will were directed to distribute some
shares to “such persons professing or practising the Buddhist religion” as the
executors in their absolute discretion thought fit. The High Court found that
the trust did not advance the Buddhist faith as there was no element of public
benefit, and held that it was not a charitable trust.

38 Therefore, even if Purpose B can be said to advance religion in the sense
that the women selected to live on the Property would benefit from “passive
advancement”, we find that it does not benefit the public.

39 Before leaving this issue, we would also like to address briefly the
appellants’ argument that Purpose B does not satisfy the public benefit
requirement because the category of “Chinese women vegetarians of the Buddhist
faith” is too small. In this regard, the appellants rely on _Inland Revenue
Commissioners v Baddeley and others_ [1955] 1 AC 572, where Viscount Simonds
apparently said in _obiter_ that a charitable trust might fail the public
benefit test if it restricted access to something of general utility only to a
selected body of public. But it is clear on a reading of Viscount Simonds’
remarks that he was referring to the _fourth_ head of charity, _viz_ , other
purposes beneficial to the community. This is plain from the following
extracts (at 590–592):

… as I have said elsewhere, it is possible … _that a different degree of
public benefit is requisite according to the class in which the charity is
said to fall._ But it is said that if a charity falls within the _fourth
class_ , it must be for the benefit of the whole community or at least of all
the inhabitants of a sufficient area. …

…

It is, however, in my opinion, particularly important _in cases falling within
the fourth category_ to keep firmly in mind the necessity of the element of
general public utility, and I would not relax this rule. For here is a
slippery slope. In the case under appeal the intended beneficiaries are a
class within a class; they are those of the inhabitants of a particular area
who are members of a particular church: the area is comparatively large and
populous and the members may be numerous. But, if this trust is charitable for
them, does it cease to be charitable as the area narrows down and the numbers
diminish? …

…

… Somewhat different considerations arise if the form, which the purporting
charity takes, is something of general utility which is nevertheless made
available not to the whole public but only to a selected body of the public—an
important class of the public it may be. For example, a bridge which is
available for all the public may undoubtedly be a charity and it is
indifferent how many people use it. _But confine its use to a selected number
of persons, however numerous and important: it is then clearly not a charity.
It is not of general public utility: for it does not serve the public purpose
which its nature qualifies it to serve._

Bearing this distinction in mind, though I am well aware that in its
application it may often be very difficult to draw the line between public and
private purposes, I should in the present case conclude that _a trust cannot
qualify as a charity within the fourth class_ in [_Pemsel_] if the
beneficiaries are a class of persons not only confined to a particular area
but selected from within it by reference to a particular creed. …

[emphasis added]

Thus, the fact that Purpose B is restricted to Buddhist Chinese female
vegetarians does not _ipso facto_ strip it of public benefit. As we have
found, the real reason why the Trust fails the public benefit requirement is
that Purpose B only benefits the handful of Buddhist Chinese vegetarian women,
who need not be poor, chosen in the absolute discretion of the trustees to
live on the Property. Those women were, in fact, simply Koh’s close friends
and relatives.

Is Purpose B merely ancillary to the other charitable purposes of the Trust?

40 The Judge held in the alternative that even if Purpose B, read alone, does
not strictly constitute the advancement of religion, it is merely ancillary to
the overriding charitable intention of the Trust to advance religion and
therefore would not render the Trust non-charitable. In defence of the Judge’s
holding, the respondent referred us to certain authorities.

41 In _Presbyterian Church (New South Wales) Property Trust v Ryde Municipal
Council_ [1978] 2 NSWLR 387 (“ _Presbyterian Church_ ”), the New South Wales
Court of Appeal had to consider whether a trust of land in favour of the
Presbyterian Church of Australia in New South Wales was charitable. It was
found that the land had to be used for the purposes of the Presbyterian
Church, which was primarily the advancement of religion but also included
other purposes which were non-charitable in nature. The land was in fact used
to build a home for the aged. Nonetheless, the court held that the trust was
charitable because it was for the advancement of religion. Glass JA explained
(at 393):

… the Presbyterian Church is an organization whose main purpose is the
advancement of religion, although it doubtless has incidental and ancillary
purposes of a non-charitable kind. If a body holds property on trust for
purposes of that kind it is proper to describe it as a public charity. What
was said by the High Court in _Thistlethwayte’s_ case [(1952) 87 CLR 375 at
442] respecting the Congregational Union applies with equal force, in my
opinion, to the Trust: “We are concerned with the question whether a
particular corporate body is a charitable institution. Such a body is a
charity even if some of its incidental and ancillary objects, considered
independently, are non-charitable. The main object of the Union is
predominantly the advancement of religion … _an institution is a charitable
institution if its main purpose is charitable although it may have other
purposes which are merely concomitant and incidental to that purpose_. The
fundamental purpose of the Union is the advancement of religion. It can
create, maintain and improve educational, religious and philanthropic agencies
only to the extent to which such agencies are conducive to the achievement of
this purpose.” [emphasis added]

Mahoney JA similarly held as follows (at 408):

In my opinion, it is proper to recognize that, _where a gift is made to a
church or equivalent body as such, the gift may be upheld as for the
advancement of religion, notwithstanding that the church has purposes which
extend beyond the purposes which are_ , in the conventional formulation as set
out in such cases as the _Keren Kayemeth_ case [[1931] 2 KB 465]. There is, in
my opinion, a proper basis for recognizing that, where what is involved is a
church, such a body has necessarily a direct connection with, or influence on,
the advancement of religion in the relevant sense, so that it should be
recognized as charitable, even though its property may be applied to some
purposes which, were they purposes of bodies of a different kind, would not be
seen as charitable purposes. [emphasis added]

42 In _Neville Estates Ltd v Madden and others_ [1962] 1 Ch 832 (“ _Neville
Estates_ ”), the issue was whether a trust of land to a synagogue was
charitable. The trust deed included a clause authorising the trustees of the
synagogue to establish, _inter alia_ , halls for religious and social
purposes, pursuant to which the synagogue had erected a communal hall near the
synagogue building in which social functions were held. Cross J held that this
did not render the trust non-charitable because the social activities were
merely ancillary to the religious activities (at 851–852):

The chief purposes which a synagogue exists to achieve are the holding of
religious services and the giving of religious instruction to the younger
members of the congregation. But just as today church activity overflows from
the church itself to the parochial hall, with its whist drives, dances and
bazaars, so many synagogues today organise social activities among the
members. … The plaintiffs … argue that the trust in this case is open to the
objections which proved fatal to the trust for the foundation of a community
centre which came before the court in _Inland Revenue Commissioners v.
Baddeley_. But in my judgment there is a great difference between that case
and this. _Here the social activities are merely ancillary to the strictly
religious activities_. … [emphasis added]

43 We agree that a trust in favour of a religious entity like a church or a
synagogue would generally be charitable despite the fact that the entity also
engages in ancillary activities which are not in and of themselves charitable.
But we do not think that this principle applies here. Unlike the trusts in
_Presbyterian Church_ and _Neville Estates_ , the Trust in the present case is
not a trust in favour of an established religious entity whose primary purpose
was the advancement of religion. Instead, it is a trust allowing the trustees
to use the Property for _all or any_ of three listed purposes, including
Purpose B. The trustees are hence free to use the Property _only_ for Purpose
B, _viz_ , as a residence for Buddhist Chinese female vegetarians selected in
their sole discretion. This is the vital aspect of the Trust Deed which makes
all the difference.

44 The Judge was alive to this difficulty. He sought to overcome it at
[37]–[38] by relying on the preamble to the Trust Deed, which states that the
settlors were “desirous of dedicating [the Property] to charity”, and cl 1,
which states that the Property shall be used for the listed purposes under the
name “Chee Teck Kwang Imm Tng” (_ie_ , Chee Teck Guan Yin Temple) (see [6]
above). Such language, he held, allowed him to construe Purpose B as being
ancillary to the “overriding charitable intention” of the Trust to advance
religion. But it is trite law that an unequivocal statement of a general
charitable intention on the part of the settlor is insufficient to render a
trust charitable if, on its true construction, its purposes are in fact not
exclusively charitable: _In re Sanders’ Will Trusts_ [1954] 1 Ch 265 at 273.
And the mere fact that the Property is to be named “Chee Teck Kwang Imm Tng”
cannot override the express words of cl 1, which state that the trustees may
use the Property for “all or any” of the listed purposes, thereby giving them
the discretion _not_ to use it as a temple at all despite its name. It thus
cannot be said that the overriding object of the Trust is to advance religion,
with Purpose B being merely ancillary to that purpose.

45 Moreover, _Picarda_ states (at 333–334) that if a non-charitable activity
or benefit is an independent object of the trust (_ie_ , it is an end in
itself and not merely the means to or consequence of some other charitable
end), then the trust is not exclusively charitable. The leading case cited by
_Picarda_ for this proposition is _Oxford Group v Inland Revenue
Commissioners_ [1949] 2 All ER 537 (“ _Oxford Group_ ”). In that case, the
appellant company sought exemption from income tax on the ground that it was a
body of persons established for charitable purposes only. The appellant’s
memorandum of association set out its objects as follows:

(3) The objects for which the association is established are:

(A) The advancement of the Christian religion, and, in particular, by the
means and in accordance with the principles of the Oxford Group Movement,
founded in or about the year 1921 by Frank Nathan Daniel Buchman.

(B) The maintenance, support, development and assistance of the Oxford Group
Movement in every way, and, in particular, (subject to the provisions of s. 14
of the Companies Act, 1929), by holding, administering and dealing with
property, including all or any of the property which at the date of the
incorporation of the association was held by trustees or nominees for the
Oxford Group Movement.

(C) The exercise of all or any of the following powers:

…

(9). To establish and support or aid in the establishment and support of any
charitable or benevolent associations or institutions, and to subscribe or
guarantee money for charitable or benevolent purposes in any way connected
with the purposes of the association or calculated to further its objects.

(10). To do all such other things as are incidental, or the association may
think conducive, to the attainment of the above objects or any of them.

Tucker LJ noted that it was common ground between parties that the “main
objects” of the appellant were expressed in cll 3(A) and 3(B), and held that
although cl 3(A) was clearly charitable, cl 3(B) was not exclusively so (at
539–540). But more pertinent for present purposes was Cohen LJ’s reasoning. He
held that although cl 3(C) was not a main object, paras (9) and (10) thereof
conferred wide powers on the trustees to engage in non-charitable activities,
and thus could not be construed as being merely ancillary to the main objects
expressed in cll 3(A) and (B) (at 544–546):

Counsel for the appellants … said that where, as here, you have got no such
provision … making each sub-clause of the objects clause a separate and
independent main object, you must, when you have found the main object,
construe the remainder as ancillary thereto. Now, that may be true if you get
no guidance from the various clauses themselves, but I think counsel for the
Crown was right when he said that, **_although sub-cl. (C) is expressed to be
only a collection of powers, the extent to which they must be construed as
subsidiary to the main objects under sub-cll. (A) and (B) is defined in the
sub-clauses themselves_**.

When I turn to para. (9) of sub-cl. (C) I find, first of all, that this
paragraph authorises the establishment and support of benevolent associations
or institutions and the subscription of money for benevolent purposes. _Prima
facie_ this is not a charitable object, but it is said that the benevolent
purposes must be connected with the purposes of the association and calculated
to further its objects, and that, therefore, although _prima facie_ non-
charitable, it is ancillary to a charitable object and thus itself charitable.
… I feel, however, a difficulty in reaching a similar conclusion here, for the
power given to apply money for benevolent purposes is not confined to
benevolent purposes which further the advancement of religion, but to
benevolent purposes in any way connected with the main object. I think an
institution could be connected with the advancement of religion without being
itself an institution for the advancement of religion.

Then, again, under para. (10) of sub-cl. (C), the association is empowered to
do, not merely things which are incidental or conducive to the attainment of
the main object, but also such things as the association may think conducive
to it. In other words, the question which the court would have to decide, if
any activity of the association was being challenged as being _ultra vires_ ,
would be not whether, in the opinion of the court, the activity was conducive
to the main object, but whether the association, in undertaking it, had
thought it conducive. …

…

… I am unable to hold that such wide powers as are given in paras. (9) and
(10) of sub-cl. (C) are merely ancillary to the main objects specified in sub-
cll. (A) and (B). For these reasons I would dismiss the appeal.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

46 In our view, Cohen LJ’s reasoning in _Oxford Group_ applies to the present
case. Even if it could be said that the main object of the Trust is the
settlors’ overriding charitable intention to advance religion, the language of
Purpose B confers wide powers on the trustees to decide who could reside on
the Property without any qualification that the individuals selected must be
destitute or must contribute in some way to the running of the temple or
otherwise do anything to advance religion. Purpose B therefore must be
construed as an independent object of the Trust, and, because it is not a
charitable purpose, it renders the Trust void.

The property tax issue

47 As mentioned at [10] above, IRAS had reviewed the property tax exemption
for the Property in 2005 and determined that property tax was payable
retrospectively from 1 January 1999. But under s 6(6)(c) of the Property Tax
Act (Cap 254, 2005 Rev Ed) (“PTA”), a building is entitled to be exempted from
property tax if it is used exclusively for charitable purposes. As there
seemed to be an inconsistency in the position of the State in levying tax on
the Property on the one hand and maintaining before us that the Trust is
entirely charitable on the other, we invited the respondent to file further
written submissions on this point.

48 Having made inquiries with IRAS, the respondent conveyed the following
information to us:

(a) IRAS did not have the Trust Deed in its file records. It made the decision
to levy tax on the Property based on (i) a form signed by Koh stating that the
Property was only used as a Buddhist temple by friends and relatives and was
not open to the public, and (ii) a site inspection.

(b) Property tax was only payable with effect from 1999 because of s 21(7) of
the PTA as at October 2005, which stated that tax shall not be payable in
respect of a property for more than six years prior to the property’s
inclusion for the first time in a Valuation List for any year.

(c) If it is proved to the satisfaction of the Comptroller that any tax has
been paid in excess of the amount with which any property is properly
chargeable, the owner of the property shall be entitled to have the amount so
paid in excess refunded, provided that the claim for refund is made within
five years of such excess payment: ss 6(13) and 6(14) of the PTA. By way of
example, if a valid refund claim is made by Koh in January 2014, IRAS may
refund property tax from January 2009 onwards.

49 We record these facts here purely for the sake of completeness, as we do
not think that our decision – which is based on a construction of the Trust
Deed and the application of trust law – is affected in any way by this
additional information.

Conclusion

50 For the foregoing reasons, we hold that the Trust is not a valid charitable
trust. We therefore allow the appeal and declare that:

(a) the Trust is void; and

(b) Koh is the sole beneficial owner of the Property.

* * *

[note: 1]2 CB 43 & 54.

[note: 2]2 CB 75.

[note: 3]2 CB 76.

[note: 4]2 CB 77.

[note: 5]Koh’s Affidavit dated 19 March 2013 at para 13.

[note: 6]RC at paras 32–35.

[note: 7]RC at para 55.

[note: 8]_Picarda_ at 128; _Tudor_ at para 2-068.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Mar 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

