Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Silica Investors Limited _v_ Tomolugen Holdings Limited and others  
[2014] SGHC 101

Case Number| :| Suit No 560 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeals Nos 334, 336, 337 and
341 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 May 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ong Min-Tse Paul (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
plaintiff; Palmer Michael Anthony and Chew Kiat Jinn (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC)
for the 1st, 5th and 8th defendants; Sim Kwan Kiat, Avinash Vinayak Pradhan
and Chong Kah Kheng (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the 2nd defendant; Renganathan
Nandakumar and Simren Kaur (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for the 3rd defendant.  
Parties| :|  SILICA INVESTORS LIMITED — TOMOLUGEN HOLDINGS LIMITED — LIONSGATE
HOLDINGS PTE LTD — LIM SING HOK MERVYN — RUSSELL HENRY KRAUSE — YOUNG ROBERT
TANCUAN — YONG PENG — ROGER THOMAS MAY — AUZMINERALS RESOURCE GROUP LIMITED  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeals to this decision in Civil Appeals Nos 123,
124 and 126 of 2014 were allowed in part by the Court of Appeal on 26 October
2015. See [2015] SGCA 57.]

29 May 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

Introduction

1 These registrar’s appeals raise several issues on the arbitrability of
intra-corporate disputes. First, whether minority oppression claims under s
216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the CA”) are arbitrable under
Singapore law. Secondly, what principles, if any, should govern a stay
application under s 6 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev
Ed) (“the IAA”) where only part of the plaintiff’s claim falls within the
scope of the arbitration agreement. Thirdly, whether the Court can exercise
its inherent powers of case management to stay proceedings when only some of
the parties before it are parties to the arbitration agreement.

The facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff, Silica Investors Limited (“the Plaintiff”), is the registered
shareholder of 3,750,000 shares (representing about 4.2% of all the shares) in
the 8th defendant, Auzminerals Resource Group Limited (“AMRG”), a public
company limited by shares and incorporated under the laws of Singapore.[note:
1] The Plaintiff became a shareholder of AMRG in July 2010 when it purchased
its shares from the 2nd defendant, Lionsgate Holdings Pte Ltd (formerly known
as Tomolugen Pte Ltd) (“the 2nd Defendant”), pursuant to a Share Sale
Agreement dated 23 June 2010 (“the Share Sale Agreement”) and a Supplemental
Agreement dated 5 July 2010 (“the Supplemental Agreement”) entered into
between the Plaintiff and the 2nd Defendant.[note: 2]

3 The 1st defendant, Tomolugen Holdings Limited (“THL”), holds 49,603,397
shares (representing about 55% of all the shares) in AMRG, and is also the
sole shareholder of the 2nd Defendant.[note: 3] The 2nd Defendant holds
8,135,001 shares (representing about 9% of all the shares) in AMRG.[note: 4]
Together, THL and the 2nd Defendant are the majority and controlling
shareholders of AMRG.[note: 5]

4 The 3rd defendant, Lim Sing Hok Mervyn (“Mervyn Lim”), was a director of the
2nd Defendant and of AMRG, as well as of Solar Silicon Resources Group Pte Ltd
(“SSRG”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMRG, at different periods of time
between 2009 and 2012.[note: 6] He is a registered shareholder of 500,000
shares (representing about 0.56% of all the shares) in AMRG.[note: 7] The 4th
defendant, Russell Henry Krause (“Russell Krause”), is a director of AMRG and
the managing director of SSRG. He holds 1,375,000 shares (representing about
1.5% of all the shares) in AMRG.[note: 8] The 5th defendant, Young Robert
Tancuan (“Robert Young”), is a director of the 2nd Defendant, AMRG, and
SSRG.[note: 9] He holds 250,000 shares (representing about 0.28% of all the
shares) in AMRG.[note: 10] He is also a director and shareholder of two other
companies with shareholdings in AMRG amounting to approximately 2.4% and 1.1%
of the total share capital.[note: 11] The 6th defendant, Yong Peng, was
previously a director of AMRG and SSRG.[note: 12] He holds 250,000 shares
(representing about 0.28% of all the shares) in AMRG.[note: 13]

5 Finally, the 7th defendant, Roger Thomas May (“Roger May”), is a director of
AMRG who was appointed on 29 May 2013.[note: 14] According to the Plaintiff,
Roger May was at all material times a “shadow and/or _de facto_ ” director of
AMRG representing the interests of THL and the 2nd Defendant on the board of
directors of AMRG.[note: 15]

The Plaintiff’s pleaded case

6 The Plaintiff’s action in Suit No 560 of 2013 (“S 560/2013”) is a claim
under s 216 of the CA. The writ of summons in S 560/2013 was filed on 21 June
2013. The parties do not dispute that the Plaintiff’s claim in S 560/2013 is
founded on four main allegations. They are as follows:

(a) On 15 September 2010, 53,171,040 shares in AMRG were issued to THL (“the
Share Issuance”), purportedly as payment for a debt for the transfer of
certain mining licenses and exploration permits in the Far North East of
Australia (known as “the Solar Silica Assets”) from the predecessor company of
the 2nd Defendant and its subsidiaries to SSRG.[note: 16] The Share Issuance
had the effect of diluting the Plaintiff’s shareholding in AMRG by more than
50%.[note: 17] The Plaintiff alleges that the alleged debt was fictitious and
never existed.[note: 18] In the course of the due diligence conducted by the
Plaintiff for the purposes of its investment in AMRG in connection with the
Share Sale Agreement, the 2nd Defendant and Roger May warranted and/or
represented to it that the Solar Silica Assets had been transferred to SSRG
and that SSRG owned the Solar Silica Assets free of liabilities.[note: 19] In
particular, by Sch 1, cl 8.3 of the Share Sale Agreement, it was warranted
that AMRG and its related corporations, including SSRG, had settled or
discharged all their current liabilities.[note: 20] Further, by Sch 1, cl 8.2
of the Share Sale Agreement, it was warranted that the accounts provided to
the Plaintiff were “a true and fair view of the state of affairs of AMRG [and
its related corporations]”.[note: 21] I will refer to this part of the claim
as “the Share Issuance Issue”.

(b) The Plaintiff was wrongfully excluded from participating in the management
of AMRG. Under cl 2.5 of the Share Sale Agreement, there was an express or
implied understanding between the Plaintiff and the 2nd Defendant and/or a
legitimate expectation that the Plaintiff would be involved in the management
of AMRG through the appointment of the Plaintiff’s nominee or representative
to the board of AMRG.[note: 22] I will refer to this part of the claim as “the
Management Participation Issue”.

(c) Certain guarantees were executed by the board of directors of AMRG, under
the control and influence of THL, the 2nd Defendant and/or Roger May, for the
purposes of securing the obligations of an unrelated entity, Australian Gold
Corporation Pte Ltd.[note: 23] This was allegedly to further the personal
and/or commercial interest of THL and the 2nd Defendant at the expense of
AMRG’s commercial interests.[note: 24]

(d) THL, the 2nd Defendant and Roger May exploited AMRG’s resources for the
benefit of their own businesses and/or misled the Plaintiff and/or concealed
information as regards the affairs of AMRG.[note: 25]

7 It is also relevant to note that the Plaintiff is seeking the following
reliefs:

(a) An order that THL and/or the 2nd Defendant and/or such other parties as
the Court may direct, purchase the Plaintiff’s shares in AMRG at a value to be
determined by a firm of independent accountants or valuers to be appointed by
agreement between the parties, failing which, by the Court, with such
directions as may be necessary;

(b) Such orders and directions in the interim as the Court thinks fit to
regulate the conduct of the affairs of AMRG;

(c) Alternatively, an order that AMRG be placed under liquidation and a
private liquidator be appointed to conduct the liquidation of AMRG, with such
liquidator to be appointed by agreement between the parties, failing which, by
the Court;

(d) A declaration that, by virtue of the matters pleaded in the Statement of
Claim, Mervyn Lim, Russell Krause, Robert Young, Yong Peng and Roger May are
liable for breaching their fiduciary duties and/or statutory duties under s
157(1) of the CA;

(e) An order for costs of the proceedings as well as the valuation of the
Plaintiff’s shares in AMRG or liquidation of AMRG be borne by THL, the 2nd
Defendant, Mervyn Lim, Russell Krause, Robert Young, Yong Peng and Roger May;
and

(f) Such further and/or other relief that the Court deems fit.

The stay applications

8 On 30 July 2013, the 2nd Defendant filed Summons No 3936 of 2013 (“SUM
3936/2013”) for an order that the entire proceedings in S 560/2013 be stayed
in favour of arbitration pursuant to s 6(1) of the IAA and/or under the
inherent jurisdiction of the Court. The 2nd Defendant referred to cl 12.3 of
the Share Sale Agreement (“the Arbitration Clause”) which, it argued, was an
agreement for any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Share Sale
Agreement to be resolved by arbitration with the Singapore International
Arbitration Centre. The Arbitration Clause reads as follows:

**12.3** **Dispute Resolution**

Without prejudice to any right of the Parties to apply to any competent court
for injunctive relief, any dispute arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity or
termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in
Singapore in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore
International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) for the time being in force, which
rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause. The tribunal
shall consist of one arbitrator to be appointed by the chairman of the SIAC.
The language of the arbitration shall be English.

9 On 29 July 2013, THL and Robert Young filed Summons No 3921 of 2013 (“SUM
3921/2013”) for an order that the proceedings against them be stayed pursuant
to the inherent jurisdiction of the Court. On the same day, Mervyn Lim filed
Summons No 3935 of 2013 (“SUM 3935/2013”) seeking the same. On 31 July 2013,
AMRG followed suit by filing Summons No 3983 of 2013 (“SUM 3983/2013”).

10 These applications were heard by an Assistant Registrar of the High Court
and on 26 September 2013, the applications were dismissed with costs. It is
from the Assistant Registrar’s dismissal of the applications that the appeals
before me were brought _vide_ Registrar’s Appeals Nos 334, 336, 341 and 337 of
2013 (“RA 334/2013”, “RA 336/2013”, “RA 341/2013” and “RA 337/2013”)
respectively.

The issues

11 Broadly speaking, the parties agree that there are three issues before me:

(a) Whether the Plaintiff’s claim falls within the scope of the Arbitration
Clause;

(b) If the Plaintiff’s claim falls within the scope of the Arbitration Clause,
whether a claim under s 216 of the CA is arbitrable; and

(c) If any part of the Plaintiff’s claim is stayed in favour arbitration under
s 6 of the IAA, whether this Court should exercise its inherent powers of case
management to stay the entire proceedings pending the determination of the
arbitration.

Whether the Plaintiff’s claim falls within the scope of the Arbitration Clause

The analytical framework

12 The 2nd Defendant’s application for a stay of the present proceedings is
based on s 6 of the IAA, which reads:

**Enforcement of international arbitration agreement**

**6.** —(1) Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where any party to an
arbitration agreement to which this Act applies institutes any proceedings in
any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any
time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as
the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) shall make an order, upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, staying the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, unless it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

13 The question, therefore, is whether the proceedings in S 560/2013 involve
one or more matters which might be the subject of the Arbitration Clause. If
so, then, subject to the issue of arbitrability, s 6(2) of the IAA mandates
that the Court stay the proceedings, so far as they relate to the matter or
matters which might be the subject of the Arbitration Clause, in favour of
arbitration.

14 The question should be approached as follows:

(a) first, what is the proper characterisation of the Plaintiff’s claim;

(b) secondly, what is the scope of the Arbitration Clause; and,

(c) thirdly, whether the Plaintiff’s claim falls within the scope of the
Arbitration Clause.

This was the approach taken by the Court of Appeal in _Larsen Oil and Gas Pte
Ltd v Petroprod Ltd (in official liquidation in the Cayman Islands and in
compulsory liquidation in Singapore)_ [2011] 3 SLR 414 (“ _Larsen Oil_ ”) at
[7]–[22]. The New South Wales Supreme Court in _ACD Tridon Inc v Tridon
Australia Pty Ltd and others_ [2002] NSWSC 896 (“ _ACD Tridon_ ”) at [99] also
followed a similar analytical framework when faced with a similar question
under s 7(2)(b) of the International Arbitration Act 1974 (Cth) (“the IAA
1974”).

What is the proper characterisation of the matter in S 560/2013?

15 I turn first to the proper characterisation of the matter in these
proceedings.

16 The Plaintiff contends that its claim should be characterised by reference
to the main issue or essential dispute between the parties, that is, whether
the affairs of AMRG have been managed by the 2nd Defendant, under the control
and influence of Roger May, together with and/or with the assistance of the
other defendants in a manner which is unfairly prejudicial to the Plaintiff’s
interests.[note: 26] The Plaintiff explains that it is relying on the Share
Sale Agreement only insofar as it forms part of the overall factual matrix
which supports its claim under s 216 of the CA.[note: 27]

17 In contrast, the 2nd Defendant relies on two of the specific allegations
made by the Plaintiff in its statement of claim. In particular, the Share
Issuance Issue ([6(a)] above) and the Management Participation Issue ([6(b)]
above).[note: 28] The 2nd Defendant accepts that the remaining allegations
([6(c)] and [6(d)] above) do not fall within the scope of the Arbitration
Clause, and it is not arguing that these parts of the claim should be stayed
under s 6 of the IAA.[note: 29]

Test to be adopted

18 In my judgment, the Court is entitled to ascertain the essential dispute
between the parties. However, it should not be a mere issue which falls to be
decided in the course of the proceedings. To identify the matter in the
proceedings, the Court may consider the pleadings and the underlying basis of
the claim. The Court is guided by, but not limited to, the way in which the
claim has been framed in the pleadings.

19 This is, in essence, the Australian approach. It has been adopted in the
United Kingdom. The Canadian courts adopt a similar approach. In my judgment,
it should be adopted in Singapore as well. It should be noted that s 7(2)(b)
of the IAA 1974 is substantially similar to s 9 of the UK Arbitration Act 1996
(c 23) (“the UK AA 1996”) and s 6 of the IAA. There is much to commend and
little to detract from a uniform approach in the construction of similar
provisions across jurisdictions in international arbitration.

20 The Australian position can be ascertained from three cases, namely, _Flakt
Australia Ltd v Wilkins & Davies Construction Co Ltd_ (1979) 25 ALR 605 (“
_Flakt_ ”), _Tanning Research Laboratories Inc v O’Brien_ (1990) 169 CLR 332
(“ _Tanning Research_ ”), and _Recyclers of Australia Pty Ltd and another v
Hettinga Equipment Inc and another_ (2000) 175 ALR 725 (“ _Recyclers_ ”).

21 In _Flakt_ , McLelland J found that the term “matter” in s 7(2)(b) of the
IAA 1974 did not cover a _mere_ issue (at 613):

… the word “matter” in s 7(2)(b) denotes _any claim for relief_ of a kind
proper for determination in a court. _It does not include every issue_ which
would or might arise for decision in the course of the determination of such a
claim. [emphasis added]

22 _Flakt_ was affirmed by Deane and Gaudron JJ in _Tanning Research_. Deane
and Gaudron JJ further explained that a “matter”, unlike a _mere_ issue, must
be capable of being resolved as a discrete controversy (at 351):

… the expression “matter … capable of settlement by arbitration” indicates
_something more than a mere issue_ which might fall for decision in the court
proceedings or might fall for decision in arbitral proceedings if they were
instituted. See Flakt [[1979] 2 NSWLR at 250]. It requires that there be some
subject matter, some right or liability in controversy which, if not co-
extensive with the subject matter in controversy in the court proceedings, is
_at least susceptible of settlement as a discrete controversy_. [emphasis
added]

23 In _Recyclers_ , Merkel J considered that the opinion of Deane and Gaudron
JJ in _Tanning Research_ stood for the proposition that (at 730):

… the “matter” to be determined in a proceeding is to be ascertained by
reference to the subject matter of the dispute in the proceeding and the
_substantive, although not necessarily the ultimate, questions for
determination_ in the proceeding. The scope of the matter is to be ascertained
from the pleadings and from the underlying subject matter upon which the
pleadings, including the defence, are based … The manner in which a claim or a
defence is pleaded is of importance to, but is not determinative of, the
characterisation of the “matter” for the purpose of s 7(2). [emphasis added]

24 These cases were cited with approval by the New South Wales Supreme Court
in _ACD Tridon_ (at [103]–[106]), where one of the plaintiff’s claims was a
minority oppression claim. This case will be considered in greater detail
later ([38]–[45] below).

25 The gist of the Australian approach is well captured in David Joseph QC,
_Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements and their Enforcement_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2010) (“ _Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements_ ”) at
paras 11.15–11.16, where the author explains that:

… in determining whether the legal proceedings brought fall within the scope
of the arbitration agreement, it is suggested that the court should consider
the essential nature of the dispute. In an appropriate case this will lead to
an examination of the claim and the defences to the claim and the subject of
the underlying dispute. …

In the ordinary run of cases it is suggested that the exercise the court is
engaged upon is to look at the essential nature of the dispute including
defences raised and then stay proceedings in whole or in part insofar as the
proceedings are brought in respect of a matter to be referred to arbitration.
… Support for construing the words “legal proceedings are brought … in respect
of a matter to be referred” [these words are found in s 9 of the UK AA 1996],
by reference to the essential underlying dispute can be found in a series of
decisions in the Australian courts. …

26 The author of _Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements_ considered that the
Australian approach should be adopted in relation to s 9 of the UK AA 1996,
which is substantially similar to s 7(2) of the IAA 1974. This was later
accepted by Blair J in _PT Thiess Contractors Indonesia v PT Kaltim Prima Coal
and another_ [2011] EWHC 1842 (Comm) at [35].

27 It is also noteworthy that the Canadian courts have adopted a similar
approach of looking at the pleadings to ascertain if the matter falls within
the scope of the arbitration agreement: see _Dalimpex Ltd v Janicki_ (2003)
228 DLR (4th) 179 at [41] and [43] and _Kaverit Steel & Crane Ltd v Kone Corp_
(1992) 87 DLR (4th) 129 at 135.

28 A similar position is taken in Robert Merkin and Johanna Hjalmarsson,
_Singapore Arbitration Legislation: Annotated_ (Informa, 2009) (“ _Singapore
Arbitration Legislation: Annotated_ ”) at 18, where the authors consider that
the term “matter” in s 6 of the IAA refers to the “main issue” rather than
“individual aspects of the dispute”. In support of this proposition, the
authors cited the Australian cases, _ACD Tridon_ and _Recyclers._

29 Significantly, the Australian approach appears to be consistent with how
the Court of Appeal in _Larsen Oil_ characterised the matter in that case with
regard to an application to stay proceedings under s 6 of the Arbitration Act
(Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the AA”).

30 In _Larsen Oil_ , the parties entered into an agreement which provided that
the appellant would provide management services to the respondent and its
subsidiaries. As a result of the agreement, the appellant gained control over
the finances of the respondent and its subsidiaries. Certain payments were
made to the appellants. The respondent was placed under liquidation, and the
liquidators brought, _inter alia_ , avoidance claims under the Bankruptcy Act
(Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the BA”) and the CA against the appellant. The
appellant filed a summons applying for a stay under s 6(2) of the AA. At this
juncture, it should be noted that while there are some differences between s
6(2) of the AA and s 6(2) of the IAA (_eg_ , the discretion to stay
proceedings), the differences are not relevant insofar as the question is one
of the proper characterisation of the “matter” before the Court.

31 The appellant contended that the respondent’s avoidance claims under the BA
and CA were founded on the appellant’s alleged breach of the management
agreement (at [7]). The appellant relied on the fact that the respondent could
only establish its claims by relying on the management agreement. As such, the
appellant argued that the claims were “intimately connected” to the management
agreement and fell within the scope of the arbitration clause. This was
rejected by the Court of Appeal. The Court of Appeal pointed out that there
was no allegation of breach of the management agreement in the statement of
claim and that the avoidance claims were “entirely independent” of the
question of breach (at [9]). Rather, the Court of Appeal held that the claims
were founded entirely on the avoidance provisions of the BA and CA, and that
the management agreement was only relevant insofar as it “provided some
evidence” to support the avoidance claims (at [10]).

32 It is apparent that the Court of Appeal in _Larsen Oil_ identified the
essential dispute between the parties as the avoidance claims (at [10]). In
doing so, the Court of Appeal considered, _inter alia_ , the pleadings (_ie_ ,
statement of claim) and the underlying basis of the claims (_ie_ , statutory
provisions in the BA and CA). The Court of Appeal observed that the statement
of claim did not reveal any allegations of breach of the management agreement,
and that, in addition, the nature of avoidance provisions was such that they
operated “independent of the nature of the relationship between the parties”
(at [9]–[10]). It followed that the “matter” in the proceedings could not
possibly have been characterised as the breach of the management agreement.

33 Here, the 2nd Defendant’s submission that the matters before the Court
should be considered by reference to the specific issues, namely, the Share
Issuance Issue and the Management Participation Issue, should be rejected for
two reasons.

34 First, the 2nd Defendant was wrong to say that the decision in _Premium
Nafta Products Ltd v Fili Shipping Co Ltd_ [2007] 2 CLC 533 (“ _Premium Nafta_
”) dilutes or contradicts the reasoning of the Australian cases set out above.
The House of Lords in _Premium Nafta_ was concerned with the construction of
the arbitration clause, and not the identification of the matter in the
proceedings before the Court.

35 Secondly, the Singapore cases have consistently, albeit implicitly, treated
the term “matter” in s 6 of the IAA as referring to the claims in the
proceedings (see, _eg_ , _Piallo GmbH v Yafriro International Pte Ltd_ [2013]
SGHC 260 (“ _Piallo_ ”) at [16] (claim on dishonoured cheques); _The “Engedi”_
[2010] 3 SLR 409 at [16]–[20] (_in rem_ claim against the vessel); _Giant
Light Metal Technology (Kunshan) Co Ltd v Aksa Far East Pte Ltd_ [2012] SGHCR
2 at [11] (claim for a debt arising from a foreign judgment); _The “Titan
Unity”_ [2013] SGHCR 28 at [2] (claim for misdelivery of cargo)). The 2nd
Defendant had not cited a single case where the “matter” before the Court was
characterised as one of the allegations made in support of a claim.

36 Accordingly, I consider that the Australian approach for the
characterisation of a matter in the proceedings is the correct approach and
should be adopted in Singapore. It follows that the “matter” in these
proceedings, for the purpose of s 6 of the IAA, should be identified by
reference to the essential dispute and not the _mere_ issues that are to be
determined in the course of the proceedings.

Application to the facts

37 In the present case, the matter to be determined is whether the affairs of
AMRG were being conducted and managed by the defendants in a manner that is
oppressive, _ie_ , commercially unfair or unfairly prejudicial conduct towards
the Plaintiff as a minority shareholder. Looking at the pleadings, it becomes
obvious that this is the essential dispute between the parties. Minority
oppression claims are often made up of an assortment of diverse allegations
and grievances. The Share Issuance Issue and the Management Participation
Issue, which are allegations made in support of the minority oppression claim,
are _mere_ issues to be decided in determining if the Plaintiff’s claim is
made out. They are not distinct matters before the Court for the purpose of s
6 of the IAA.

38 This conclusion is consistent with the position taken by the Australian and
Northern Ireland courts in similar cases (see _ACD Tridon_ and _Re Wine Inns
Ltd and other matters_ [2000] NIJB 343 (“ _Wine Inns_ ”)).

39 In _ACD Tridon_ , the New South Wales Supreme Court had to decide, _inter
alia_ , whether a minority oppression claim which was based partly on the
provisions of a shareholders’ agreement between parties would constitute a
matter that should be stayed for arbitration under s 7(2) of the IAA.

40 The plaintiff, ACD Tridon (“Tridon”), and the second defendant, Richard
Lennox (“Mr Lennox”), were shareholders of the first defendant, Tridon
Australia Pty Ltd (“TAPL”). Mr Lennox bought two-thirds of the shares in TAPL
from Tridon, and they entered into a shareholders’ agreement, which contained
an arbitration clause, and purported to regulate the conduct of TAPL’s affairs
for the future. The board of directors of TAPL consisted of Mr and Mrs Lennox,
and a nominee of Tridon. Tridon had granted TAPL and its subsidiary, Tridon
New Zealand Ltd (“TNZL”), exclusive rights to distribute its products under a
distributorship agreement. The distributorship agreement also contained an
arbitration clause. The relationship between the parties soured when Tridon
amalgamated with a company which had subsidiaries that were in direct
competition with TAPL and TNZL. Tridon commenced court proceedings against
TAPL, TNZL, and Mr and Mrs Lennox for a number of claims. For the present
purposes, I only need to consider the following claims:

(a) claims for access to documents of TAPL (“the Document Access Claims”);

(b) claims that Mr and Mrs Lennox had caused TAPL and TNZL to enter into
various transactions which were not in the best interests of TAPL and TNZL,
and were designed to further their personal interests (“the Directors’
Misconduct Claims”); and

(c) claims of further conduct amounting to oppression entitling relief under s
233 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (“the Further Oppression Claims”).

41 According to Tridon, the Document Access Claims were made pursuant to,
_inter alia_ , the provisions of the shareholders’ agreement _and_ s 233(1)(j)
of the Corporations Act 2001 on the basis that the failure to allow Tridon to
access the records of TAPL was oppressive (at [20]). Likewise, the Directors’
Misconduct Claims were said to amount to breaches of the provisions of the
shareholders’ agreement _and_ conduct oppressive of Tridon’s interests as a
shareholder of TAPL (at [20]). On the other hand, Tridon considered that the
Further Oppression Claims were “purely statutory” and not based on the
shareholders’ agreement (at [20]). The defendants applied for the proceedings
to be stayed in favour of arbitration pursuant to s 7(2) of the IAA 1974.

42 For the Further Oppression Claims, Tridon alleged that (a) TNZL, and
consequently TAPL, had failed to pay dividends and (b) Mr Lennox caused TAPL
to act oppressively in the conduct of the legal proceedings. Unlike the other
claims, Tridon considered that these claims were “purely statutory” (at [20]).
Austin J disagreed. He noted that cl 11 of the shareholders’ agreement, which
was headed “dividend policy”, authorised the retention of certain profits.
This, in his view, arguably implied that, except to the extent that retention
was authorised, there was a contractual duty upon Mr Lennox and Tridon to
cause TAPL to distribute its profits by way of dividends. Hence, Austin J held
that there were two discrete matters before the Court, namely, the claim based
on the rights and liabilities created by the shareholders’ agreement (_ie_ ,
breach of contract), and the claim based on the rights and liabilities under
the Corporations Act 2001 (_ie_ , minority oppression).

43 I pause to note that there is some controversy on whether separate claims
arising out of the same facts should be considered as one matter or two
distinct matters (contrast _Recyclers_ at [21] with _Metrocall Inc v
Electronic Tracking Systems Pty Ltd_ [2000] NSWLR 1 at [54] and _ACD Tridon_
at [176]). However, this does not arise in the present case. What is important
for the present case is that Austin J (in _ACD Tridon_) identified the matters
by reference to the claims (_ie_ , minority oppression and breach of contract)
and not the allegations made in support of the claim (_ie_ , withholding of
dividends).

44 In the Northern Ireland Court of Appeal case of _Wine Inns_ , Carswell LCJ
rejected the characterisation of the “matter” before the Court as the series
of discrete disputes set out in the petition (at 359). Instead, he considered
that there were only two matters, namely, whether it was just and equitable
for the company to be wound up under art 102(g) of the Insolvency (Northern
Ireland) Order 1989 (SI 1989/2405), and whether the company’s affairs had been
conducted in a manner that was unfairly prejudicial to the interests of the
respondent, entitling him to the remedies specified in art 454 of the
Companies (Northern Ireland) Order 1986 (SI 1986/1032).

45 In both _ACD Tridon_ and _Wine Inns_ , the matter before the Court was
characterised as the minority oppression claim rather than the specific
allegations made in support of the claim.

46 Based on the approach of the above cases, the “matter” in this case is
properly characterised as follows: whether the affairs of AMRG were being
conducted and managed by the Defendants in a manner that is oppressive to the
Plaintiff as a minority shareholder.

What is the scope of the Arbitration Clause?

47 What then is the scope of the Arbitration Clause? The proper approach to
interpret arbitration clauses was laid down by the Court of Appeal in _Larsen
Oil_. In its view, the scope of an arbitration clause depends on the intention
of the parties and it is conceivable that the parties to a contract may agree
that all disputes between them should fall within the scope of the arbitration
clause (at [11]). Having examined the approaches from various jurisdictions,
the Court of Appeal concluded (at [19]) that:

… the preponderance of authority favours the view that arbitration clauses
should be generously construed such that all manner of claims, whether common
law or statutory should be regarded as falling within their scope unless there
is good reason to conclude otherwise.

I should note that by “statutory claims”, the Court of Appeal in _Larsen Oil_
was referring only to “private remedial claims” (see _Larsen Oil_ at
[20]–[21]).

48 The Court of Appeal endorsed the view of Lord Hoffmann in _Premium Nafta_
on the starting point when it comes to the construction of arbitration clauses
(at [13]):

[T]he construction of an arbitration clause should _start from the assumption
that the parties, as rational businessmen, are likely to have intended any
dispute arising out of the relationship into which they have entered or
purported to enter to be decided by the same tribunal_. The clause should be
construed in accordance with this presumption unless the language makes it
clear that certain questions were intended to be excluded from the
arbitrator’s jurisdiction. [emphasis added]

49 In the present case, the Arbitration Clause was very widely drafted. It
provides that “any dispute arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity or
termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration…” There
is no indication that the parties have intended to exclude statutory claims,
specifically, claims under s 216 of the CA.

50 The scope of the Arbitration Clause must be determined in the context of
the Share Sale Agreement as a whole. The Share Sale Agreement addresses the
role of the Plaintiff in the management of AMRG (Cl 2.5(a) of the Share Sale
Agreement), and provides for the listing of SSRG on a recognised stock
exchange (Cll 6.3 and 6.4 of the Share Sale Agreement) and exit provisions in
the form of “tag along rights” and “drag along rights” if the listing fails
(Cl 6A of the Supplemental Agreement). These clauses indicate that the Share
Sale Agreement governs not only the transaction of the shares in AMRG, but
also, to some extent, the relationship between the Plaintiff and the 2nd
Defendant as shareholders of AMRG. It is in this context that the Plaintiff
and the 2nd Defendant agreed to have any disputes between them resolved by
arbitration.

Whether the matter in S 560/2013 falls within the scope of the Arbitration
Clause

51 Bearing in mind the “matter” in these proceedings and the scope of the
Arbitration Clause, I turn to the last step.

52 To determine if a matter falls within the scope of an arbitration clause,
the Court must consider whether the factual allegations underlying the claim
are within the scope of the arbitration clause, regardless of the legal label
assigned to the claim (see _Mitsubishi Motors Corp v Soler Chrysler-Plymouth
Inc_ (1985) 473 US 614 at 622; _JJ Ryan & Sons v Rhone Poulenc Textile SA_
(1988) 863 F2d 315 at 319; _Hinson v Jusco Co Ltd_ (1994) 868 F Supp 145 at
149–150). This must be correct. To say otherwise would imply that non-
contractual claims, like a claim in tort or statute, can never be related to
the contract and would never fall within the scope of the arbitration clause.

53 To determine if the factual allegations underlying the claim are _within_
the scope of the arbitration clause, the Court must ascertain the relationship
between the factual allegations underlying the claim and the contract that
incorporates the arbitration clause. In the present case, the question is
whether the factual allegations made in support of the minority oppression
claim _arise out of or are in connection with_ the Share Sale Agreement.

54 According to the Court of Appeal, a matter would fall _outside_ the scope
of the arbitration clause only if it was _unrelated_ to the contract that
contained the arbitration clause (see _Tjong Very Sumito and others v Antig
Investments Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 (“ _Tjong Very Sumito_ ”) at
[22]–[23] and [69]). However, this does not necessarily mean that the matter
would fall _within_ the scope of the arbitration clause if it was _in any way
related_ to the contract which contained the arbitration clause. The deeper
question, which the Court of Appeal did not elaborate upon in _Tjong Very
Sumito_ , is the closeness of the relationship that must be present. Would it
be sufficient if the substantive rights and liabilities of the parties under
the contract are not invoked _per se_ , but are relied upon as the basis for a
claim in tort or statute? What if only part of the claim makes reference to
the provisions of the contract?

55 In the present case, the Plaintiff has referred to some of the provisions
in the Share Sale Agreement to establish the extent of his reasonable
expectations in asserting the minority oppression claim. Yet, only two out of
the four allegations, namely the Share Issuance Issue and the Management
Participation Issue, make reference to the provisions in the Share Sale
Agreement. Be that as it may, I am of the view that the matter has a
sufficiently close connection to the Share Sale Agreement such that it would
fall within the scope of the Arbitration Clause.

56 It is quite clear that the Plaintiff’s claim would fall within the scope of
the Arbitration Clause if it was based solely on the Share Issuance Issue and
the Management Participation Issue. The fact that the other allegations do not
wholly relate to the Share Sale Agreement should not detract from this
conclusion. If a sufficient part of the factual allegations underlying the
claim relates to the contract, then the entire claim must be treated as
falling within the arbitration clause in the contract. This is because “the
parties, as rational businessmen, are likely to have intended any dispute
arising out of the relationship into which they have entered or purported to
enter to be decided by the same tribunal” (see _Premium Nafta_ at [13], cited
with approval in _Larsen Oil_ at [13]).

57 This conclusion is supported, to some extent, by the reasoning in _Piallo_
that parties would have intended to have two separate claims arising out of
the “same incident” resolved by the same tribunal, especially if they were so
closely connected that the resolution of one would affect the other (at
[37]–[49]).

58 In the present case, the factual allegations underlying the Plaintiff’s
minority oppression claim are so interrelated that they cannot be dealt with
separately. It is not difficult to accept that parties must have intended for
their claim to be resolved by the same tribunal, even if the claim relies
partly on factual allegations that might not be directly related to the
contract which contains the arbitration clause.

59 Accordingly, I find that the matter in S 560/2013 rightly falls within the
scope of the Arbitration Clause.

Is a claim under s 216 of the CA arbitrable?

Introduction

60 This matter does not end at the finding that the Plaintiff’s minority
oppression claim falls within the scope of the Arbitration Clause. Although s
6(2) of the IAA mandates that the proceedings be stayed in favour of
arbitration, the Court is not required to grant a stay of proceedings if the
proceedings involve a non-arbitrable claim. In _Larsen Oil_ , the Court of
Appeal accepted that the arbitrability of the claim had to be taken into
consideration when determining whether to grant a stay under s 6(2) of the AA.
Although the view was expressed in relation to the AA, the two reasons given
(at [25]–[26]) are equally applicable to the IAA. Looking at s 11(1) of the
IAA and Art 34(2)(_b_)(i) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration, it is clear that a stay of proceedings under s 6(2) of
the IAA cannot be granted in the case of a non-arbitrable claim.

61 As this issue has not been addressed before in Singapore, it will be useful
to consider the approaches adopted by the English, Australian and Canadian
courts.

The approaches adopted in the other jurisdictions

England

62 The current position in England is that a claim under s 994 of the
Companies Act 1996 (c 46) (the equivalent of s 216 of the CA) is arbitrable.

63 The leading case in England on this issue is _Fulham Football Club (1987)
Ltd v Richards and another_ [2012] Ch 333 (“ _Fulham_ ”). The plaintiff, a
member of the Football Association Premier League Limited (“FAPL”), alleged
that the first defendant, Sir David Richards, the chairman of FAPL, had acted
in such a way as to unfairly prejudice the interest of the plaintiff as a
member of FAPL. Under the rules of FAPL, the parties are required to have
disputes _inter se_ referred to arbitration. Notwithstanding that, the
plaintiff brought a claim under s 994 of the Companies Act 1996 in the courts,
seeking an injunction restraining the defendant and in the alternative, an
order that the defendant should cease to be the chairman FAPL, as well as such
other relief “as the Court thinks fit”. The trial judge granted a stay and the
plaintiff appealed.

64 The English Court of Appeal (comprising Rix, Longmore and Patten LJJ)
dismissed the appeal. Both Rix and Longmore LJJ agreed with the leading
judgment delivered by Patten LJ. The plaintiff unsuccessfully applied to the
Supreme Court for leave to appeal.

65 Before the English Court of Appeal, the plaintiff argued that arbitration
was a consensual dispute resolution process and would not be suitable in a
“dispute in which the interests and representations of third parties need to
be taken into account or where the appropriate relief is an order which
creates rights _in rem_ or affects the public at large” (at [39]). In
particular, it argued that a minority oppression claim was a “class remedy
which requires the Court to have regard to the interests of other shareholders
and perhaps even creditors particularly in formulating the relief to be
granted”, analogous to winding up (at [51]).

66 However, this was not accepted by the English Court of Appeal. In
particular, Patten LJ considered that the limit on the power of the arbitrator
to make orders affecting non-parties was not necessarily determinative of
whether the subject matter of the dispute was itself arbitrable (at [40]). It
was necessary, in his view, to ascertain in each case whether the matter
engaged third party rights or involved public interest such that it could not
be determined by arbitration.

67 It is noteworthy that the relief sought in _Fulham_ was limited, _ie_ , an
injunction or order for the defendant to resign. Even though the claim
included the prayer for “relief as the court shall think fit”, there was no
possibility of a buy-out or winding up orders on the facts of the case (at
[46]–[48]). It followed, Patten LJ reasoned, that the plaintiff’s argument
could not turn on the precise relief sought. Rather, he found that “any unfair
prejudice claim under s 944 attracts a degree of state intervention and public
interest such as to make it inappropriate for disposal by anything other than
judicial process” (at [50]).

68 In determining the extent to which an unfair prejudice claim was
arbitrable, Patten LJ distinguished between the underlying issue in the
dispute and the remedy sought. He considered that (at [77]):

_The determination of whether there has been unfair prejudice consisting of
the breach of an agreement or some other unconscionable behaviour is plainly
capable of being decided by an arbitrator_ and it is common ground that an
arbitral tribunal constituted under the FAPL or the FA Rules would have the
power to grant the specific relief sought by Fulham in its s.994 petition. We
are not therefore concerned with a case in which the arbitrator is being asked
to grant relief of a kind which lies outside his powers or forms part of the
exclusive jurisdiction of the court. _Nor does the determination of issues of
this kind call for some kind of state intervention in the affairs of the
company which only a court can sanction. A dispute between members of a
company or between shareholders and the board about alleged breaches of the
articles of association or a shareholders' agreement is an essentially
contractual dispute which does not necessarily engage the rights of creditors
or impinge on any statutory safeguards imposed for the benefit of third
parties._ The present case is a particularly good example of this where the
only issue between the parties is whether Sir David has acted in breach of the
FA and FAPL Rules in relation to the transfer of a Premier League player.
[emphasis added]

69 Further, Patten LJ explained that (at [61]):

I accept, of course, that some of the relief which can be granted under s.996
is capable of affecting third parties: e.g. orders for the regulation of the
company's affairs or restraints upon its power to make alterations in its
articles. Orders of this kind will inevitably impact on other shareholders who
can be joined to court proceedings for the purpose of being bound by any
order. But that does not make a s.994 petition an application for a class
remedy. _What it may, however, do is to impose limitations on the scope of
relief obtainable in arbitral proceedings._ [emphasis added]

70 Patten LJ went on further to say, in _obiter dicta_ , that the arbitration
agreement would “operate as an agreement not to present a winding up petition
unless and until the underlying dispute has been determined in the
arbitration” (at [83]). In his view, the arbitrator could “decide whether the
complaint of unfair prejudice was made out and whether it would be appropriate
for winding up proceedings to take place or whether the complainant should be
limited to some lesser remedy” and even “give directions for the conduct of
the company’s affairs” (at [83]). In such instances, the party would then be
entitled to seek such relief from the Court under s 994. He also suggested
that it would be possible for non-parties (who might be affected by the relief
granted) to air their views before the arbitrators (at [83]). Ultimately, he
found, these “jurisdictional limitations” were no more than “practical
consequences” of choosing arbitration, and did not influence whether the
subject-matter is arbitrable (at [84]).

71 I should also address the earlier decision of _Exeter City Association
Football Club Ltd v Football Conference Ltd and another_ [2004] 1 WLR 2910 (“
_Exeter City_ ”), where the judge came to a different conclusion on this
issue.

72 In _Exeter City_ , the petitioner, Exeter City AFC Ltd, filed a petition
for relief under s 459 of the Companies Act 1985 (the equivalent of s 216 of
the CA) alleging that the affairs of the first respondent, Football Conference
Ltd (in which it was a shareholder), were being conducted in a manner unfairly
prejudicial to it. The first respondent applied for a stay of the proceedings
under s 9 of the UK AA 1996 by reason of the arbitration clause in r K of the
Rules of the Association to which both parties were members and by which both
have agreed to be bound. The stay application before HHJ Weeks QC (sitting as
a Judge of the High Court) raised the question of whether an action for unfair
prejudice under s 459 of the Companies Act 1985 was arbitrable. HHJ Weeks QC
held that it was not.

73 HHJ Weeks QC considered that the right to apply for relief under s 459 was
an inalienable right. He explained (at [21]–[23]):

21 As to section 9, it is common ground that there are some disputes which are
not susceptible to arbitration and that section 9 does not apply to such
disputes. There is a tension here between reserving matters of public interest
to the courts and the public interest in the encouragement of arbitration. In
_A Best Floor Sanding Pty Ltd v Skyer Australia Pty Ltd_ [[1999] VSC 170],
Judge Warren held that the right of a contributory to apply to the court for a
winding up order could not be limited by agreement and refused to stay a
winding up petition because it did not fall within the scope of the
discretionary provisions of section 53 of the Commercial Arbitrations Act
1984.

22 I find her reasoning compelling and I can see no difference in principle
for this purpose between a winding up petition and a petition under section
459. If the right to petition to wind up conferred on every single shareholder
is a condition of incorporation under the Companies Act 1985, then so in my
judgment is the right to petition for relief for unfair prejudice. In _Re Magi
Capital Partners LLP_ [2003] EWHC 2790 (Ch), leading counsel, probably with
the Australian authority in mind, conceded that a limited liability
partnership was a creature of statute and that it was not possible to exclude
the statutory right to apply to have the statutory entity wound up by the
court. The Companies Court has jurisdiction to wind up a company or limited
liability partnership, and _the same court has supervisory powers, designed to
give protection to shareholders by enabling them to apply to the court for
special relief. In effect, the court controls by statute the creation and
extinction of the company, and it also attends to it during midlife crises_.

23 The statutory rights conferred on shareholders to apply for relief at any
stage are, in my judgment, inalienable and cannot be diminished or removed by
contract or otherwise. …

[emphasis added]

74 However, Patten LJ did not agree with the reasoning of HHJ Weeks QC, and
_Exeter City_ was overruled in _Fulham_ (at [78]). I note that _Exeter City_
was cited by the Court of Appeal in _Larsen Oil_ (at [39]). The Court of
Appeal did not comment on the position taken by HHJ Weeks QC as it was not in
issue there, but merely opined that _Exeter City_ was not a useful case for
its purposes because it did not provide guidelines as to how the determination
of whether a claim was arbitrable should be made.

Australia

75 The current position in Australia is that a minority oppression claim is
arbitrable, insofar as the remedies sought are _inter partes_ and not _in
rem_.

76 To appreciate the Australian position on the arbitrability of a minority
oppression claim, it would be pertinent to first consider the decision of _A
Best Floor Sanding Pty Ltd v Skyer Australia Pty Ltd_ [1999] VSC 170 (“
_Skyer_ ”), where the Victoria Supreme Court held that the issue of winding up
was not arbitrable.

77 The parties, A Best Floor Sanding Pty Ltd (“ABFS”) and Skyer Australia Pty
Ltd (“SAPL”), entered into a joint venture to merge their businesses. A new
corporate entity, Harvest Building Products (“HBP”), was formed as a result.
Some disputes arose and SAPL issued an application for a contributory’s
winding up of HBP. ABFS then applied to have the winding up application stayed
on the ground that the dispute between the parties was subject to the
arbitration clause in the joint venture agreement.

78 Warran J refused to grant the stay on the basis that the arbitration clause
in the joint venture agreement was “null and void” because it had the effect
of obviating the statutory regime for the winding up of a company. In
particular, Warran J stated (at [13]) that:

The Corporations Law controls by statutory force the creation and demise of
the company; it oversees the birth, the life and death of the company. Such
matters cannot and ought not be subject to private contractual arrangement.

79 Further, he highlighted (at [15]) that:

… there exists a statutory structure setting out the manner in which
applications for the winding up of a company are to be made, the persons or
parties who are permitted under the Law to make an application for the winding
up of a company and, most significantly, the effect of a winding up order on
creditors and contributories. ...

80 This approach taken by Warran J was doubted by the New South Wales Supreme
Court in _ACD Tridon_ where Austin J concluded that, as a matter of
construction, the minority oppression claims fell outside the scope of the
arbitration clauses. However, he went on to make several observations on the
arbitrability of minority oppression claims.

81 Austin J accepted that the position in Australia was that statutory claims
might be arbitrable (at [181]). However, the arbitrability of statutory claims
was subject to limitations. One of the limitations was identified as the types
of remedies that an arbitrator can award. Austin J cited Sir Michael Mustill
and Stewart Boyd, _Law and Practice of Commercial Arbitration in England_
(Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1989) (“ _Mustill & Boyd_”) for this proposition (at pp
149–150):

Second, the types of remedies which the arbitrator can award are limited by
considerations of public policy and by the fact that he is appointed by the
parties and not by the state. ...

82 Austin J opined that the decision in _Skyer_ was “partly based on public
policy considerations surrounding the process of winding up a company pursuant
to court order”, supported by the fact that “a winding up order operates to
affect the rights of third parties, not merely the rights of the parties to
the arbitration clause” (at [191]).

83 However, Austin J did not think that it necessarily followed that all
questions arising out of the Corporations Act would be non-arbitrable. He
pointed out that the statutory powers of the Court under the Corporations Act
were comparable to the powers of the Court under general law, except for the
power to order winding up (at [193]).

84 Significantly, Austin J went on to say in _obiter dicta_ that (at [194]):

Specifically, the public policy considerations held by Warran J to be
applicable to a disputed claim to wind up a company _do not seem to me to
prevent the parties from referring to arbitration a claim for some merely
inter partes relief under the oppression provisions of the Corporations Act_ ,
or for access to corporate information under s 247A. However, the ‘in rem’
nature of an order for rectification of the share register of a company may
prevent reference of that power to an arbitrator. [emphasis added]

Austin J was thus drawing a distinction between _inter partes_ and _in rem_
remedies (see also Perry Herzfeld, “Prudent Anticipation? The Arbitration of
Public Company Shareholder Disputes” (2008) 24 Arbitration International 297
(“ _Prudent Anticipation_ ”) at p 324). I agree that a distinction must be
drawn and will comment on this in greater detail below.

Canada

85 The case law in Canada is split on whether a minority oppression claim is
arbitrable.

86 On the one hand, there are cases where the courts have considered that
minority oppression claims were arbitrable and that the arbitral tribunals had
the power to grant all the remedy or relief available to the courts (see
_Kints v Kints_ [1998] OJ No 3244 (“ _Kints_ ”) and _Tremblay v Acier Leroux_
[2004] RJQ 839 (“ _Tremblay_ ”)).

87 In _Kints_ , a decision of the Ontario Court of Justice, the issue was
whether a stay should be granted in favour of arbitration with regard to the
minority oppression claim. Heeney J held that the minority oppression claim
fell within the scope of the arbitration clause. Significantly, he opined that
the applicant was not prejudiced by the decision to grant a stay of
proceedings as “arbitration is a level playing field, and the arbitrator has
the power to make virtually any award that this Court could make” (at [26]).

88 A similar conclusion was reached in the Quebec Court of Appeal decision of
_Tremblay_. The Court faced the issue of whether an arbitration clause in a
shareholders’ agreement had the effect of ousting the jurisdiction of the
Court to decide a minority oppression claim seeking injunctive relief and
damages. It held that a minority oppression claim was arbitrable. In arriving
at this outcome, the Court relied on the decision of _Desputeaux v Éditions
Chouette (1987) Inc_ [2003] 1 SCR 178 (“ _Desputeaux_ ”), where LaBel J
analysed the approach that courts should take in determining whether a
particular subject matter was one of public order which would preclude it from
being arbitrable. LaBel J, in _Desputeaux_ , observed (at [51]) that non-
arbitrability was based on the objective of preserving “certain values that
are considered to be fundamental in a legal system”. Applying _Desputeaux_ ,
the Court in _Tremblay_ concluded that a minority oppression claim was
arbitrable (at [35]) as:

… a shareholder's oppression remedy is not one that it is necessary to have
adjudicated by a court, to use his words, in order ‘to preserve certain values
that are fundamental in a legal system’. The mere fact that there are
allegations of fraud or bad faith in an oppression remedy is not enough to
engage issues of fundamental values that are comparable to the legal status of
persons.

89 For the reasons that I will explain later, I do not agree that arbitral
tribunals have the power to grant all the remedies or reliefs that are
available to the courts. It follows that this approach cannot be adopted in
Singapore.

90 On the other hand, there are courts in Canada that have adopted a two-stage
procedure whereby the Court would allow the tribunal to first decide on the
question of oppression, and if the tribunal found there was oppression, then
the case could be taken back to Court (see _ABOP LLC v Qtrade Canada Inc_
(2007) 284 DLR (4th) 171 (“ _ABOP_ ”)) This is, to some extent, similar to the
approach in _Fulham_.

91 In _ABOP_ , the British Columbia Court of Appeal agreed with the trial
judge that the dispute should be dealt with by arbitration. This was
notwithstanding that both the trial judge and Court of Appeal agreed that the
minority oppression claim was a “court matter” and “within the exclusive
jurisdiction of the court” (at [12] and [26]). In order to do so, the British
Columbia Court of Appeal accepted that:

The arbitrator will make all the necessary findings of fact and come to a
decision on the issues before him. If he finds in favour of Qtrade then there
will be no foundation for an oppression action. If he finds in favour of ABOP
it can carry on with the oppression petition to the court.

92 It is interesting to note that the British Columbia Court of Appeal did not
adequately address the observations of the Northern Ireland Court of Appeal in
_Wines Inn_ that there would be “complexity and inconvenience” in following
such a procedure. The British Columbia Court of Appeal merely stated that
procedural complexity “cannot form the basis for the determination of this
case” and there was no reason not to give effect to the parties’ wishes to
arbitrate their disputes (at [24]). In its view, the involvement of the Court
might be delayed, but its jurisdiction would not be ousted.

93 _ABOP_ had since been followed by Myers J in _1462560 Ontario Inc v 636381
BC Ltd_ (2011) BCSC 886 at [10]–[13].

The approach in Singapore

Arbitrability of statutory claims and remedies

94 The inherent consensual nature of arbitration, resting on an agreement
between the parties, necessarily limits its application to third parties.
Consistent with this theory is the confidential nature of arbitration – it
only involves the parties to the agreement; the public and third parties are
not entitled to witness the proceedings nor are they, subject to certain
exceptions, entitled to the documents generated by the process. In theory, the
decision of the arbitral tribunal can only bind the parties to the arbitration
agreement. In practice, however, the effects and ramifications of arbitral
awards can affect third parties but that occurs incidentally as a result of
the effect of the award on the parties to the arbitration agreement. What an
arbitral tribunal has no power to do is to make orders that are binding on
“third parties”, putting to one side the grey area in _Dallah_ -type
situations (_Dallah Real Estate and Tourism Holding Company v The Ministry of
Religious Affairs, Government of Pakistan_ [2011] 1 AC 763 was a case where an
arbitral tribunal, sitting in Paris, found that the respondent, the Government
of Pakistan, was a “true party” to an arbitration agreement notwithstanding
that it was within an agreement made between the appellant and the Awami Hajj
Trust. The appellant failed to obtain enforcement of the award before the
English High Court, Court of Appeal and the Supreme Court).

95 Unlike an order for damages, which is essentially _inter partes_ and can be
granted by the arbitral tribunal pursuant to its power derived from the
consent of the parties to the arbitration, there are some statute-based
reliefs that would invariably affect third parties or the public at large such
that they can only be granted by the courts in the exercise of their powers
conferred upon them by the state. Examples include a judgment _in rem_ against
a vessel under the admiralty jurisdiction of the Court and an order to wind up
a company under the CA.

96 The decisions _in rem_ have always been within the remit of the national
courts, resting on constitutional or statutory powers and backed by coercive
powers, and they take effect, with rare exceptions, within the jurisdiction of
the national courts and not extra-territorially. In the _Review of Arbitration
Laws_ , _LRRD No 3/2001_ by the Review of Arbitration Act Committee, which was
set up in 1997, section 2.37.17 states:

... Subject matter arbitrability has a direct impact on the jurisdiction of
the tribunal and is also arguably a matter of public policy as to which
subject matters are incapable of arbitral resolution. It is generally accepted
that issues, which may have public interest elements, may not be arbitrable,
e.g., citizenship or legitimacy of marriage, grants of statutory licences,
validity of registration or trade marks or patents, copyrights, winding-up of
companies, bankruptcies of debtors, administration of estates.

97 In _Larsen Oil_ , as I have noted earlier ([30]–[31] above), the liquidator
sought to avoid certain payments made under insolvency based on the avoidance
provisions. It was argued that the avoidance claims should have been stayed in
favour of arbitration given that there was an arbitration agreement between
the parties. The Court of Appeal refused to grant the stay of proceedings
under s 6 of the IAA. In this regard, the Court of Appeal opined (at [46])
that:

… the insolvency regime’s objective of facilitating claims by a company’s
creditors against the company and its pre-insolvency management overrides the
freedom of the company’s pre-insolvency management to choose the forum where
such disputes are to be heard. _The courts should treat disputes arising from
the operation of the statutory provisions of the insolvency regime per se as
non-arbitrable even if the parties expressly included them within the scope of
the arbitration agreement_. [emphasis added]

This is because the focus of avoidance provisions was to address situations
which adversely impacted the interests of third parties, _ie_ , creditors,
which had to be protected. The Court of Appeal stated (at [30]) that
insolvency and bankruptcy law were areas replete with public policy
considerations that were too important to be settled by parties privately
through the arbitral process.

98 However, the Court of Appeal in _Larsen Oil_ drew a distinction between
claims that arose only upon the onset of insolvency and disputes that stemmed
from pre-insolvency rights and obligations; the latter were generally suitable
for the arbitral process. For instance, the amount due to a party from the
subsequently insolvent company could be determined by arbitration as the proof
of debt process did not create new rights in the creditors or destroy old ones
(see _Larsen Oil_ at [51], citing _Wight and others v Eckhardt Marine GmbH_
[2004] 1 AC 147).

99 The Court of Appeal in _Larsen Oil_ pointed out that the concept of
arbitrability was dealt with in ss 11 and 31(4) of the IAA and in s
48(1)(_b_)(i) of the AA, and noted that the drafters of the IAA and AA
regarded the question of arbitrability as being subject to public interest
considerations. However, the Court of Appeal noted that these provisions did
not provide any guideline as to the type of claims that were or were not
arbitrable. In the words of the Court of Appeal in _Larsen Oil_ (at [44]):

The concept of non-arbitrability is a cornerstone of the process of
arbitration. It allows the courts to refuse to enforce an otherwise valid
arbitration agreement on policy grounds. That said, we accept that there is
ordinarily a presumption of arbitrability where the words of an arbitration
clause are wide enough to embrace a dispute, _unless it is shown that
parliament intended to preclude the use of arbitration for the particular type
of dispute in question (as evidenced by the statute’s text or legislative
history), or that there is an inherent conflict between arbitration and the
public policy considerations involved in that particular type of dispute_.
[emphasis added]

The Court held it was ultimately for the “courts to shape the contours of the
arbitrability exception” (at [24]).

100 The Court of Appeal in an earlier decision had also confirmed, albeit
_obiter_ , that an arbitral tribunal had no power to grant an order for
winding up; in its view, winding up was a relief that could only be granted by
the courts (see _Four Pillars Enterprises Co Ltd v Beiersdorf
Aktiengesellschaft_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 382 (“ _Four Pillars_ ”) at [23]). In a
case commentary, Michael Hwang SC and Rajesh Muttath, “The Singapore Court of
Appeal refuses to stay winding up proceedings in favour of arbitration” (2001)
19 ASA Bulletin 380, the authors referred to the inherent limits of an
arbitrator’s power and observed that:

Winding up is essentially a class remedy, and it almost invariably affects the
rights of persons other than the parties to the arbitration agreement. For
instance, all the creditors of the company will be affected by a winding up
order, and it is not usual to have an arbitration agreement to which all the
creditors are parties, or a situation where the parties to an arbitration
agreement are the only creditors of the company. On the other hand,
_arbitrators are not generally allowed to make a decision binding on third
parties (e.g. in rem decisions) since they are appointed by the parties (and
not by the sovereign) and their authority derives from the arbitration
agreement_. The non-arbitrability of winding up may be attributed to this
conceptual and practical difficulty. [emphasis added]

101 This view is well supported by other academic commentators. According to
the authors of _Mustill & Boyd_ (at pp 149–150):

The general principle is, we submit, that any dispute or claim concerning
legal rights which can be the subject of an enforceable award, is capable of
being settled by arbitration. This principle must be understood, however,
subject to certain reservations… _Second, the types of remedies which the
arbitrator can award are limited by considerations of public policy and by the
fact that he is appointed by the parties and not by the state_. For example,
he cannot impose a fine or a term of imprisonment, commit a person for
contempt or issue a writ of subpoena; nor can he make an award which is
binding on third parties or affect the public at large, such as a judgement in
rem against a ship, an assessment of the rateable value of land, a divorce
decree, a winding up order or a decision that an agreement is exempt from the
competition rules of the EEC under article 85(3) of the Treaty of Rome. It
would be wrong, however, to draw from this any general rule that criminal,
admiralty, family or company matters cannot be referred to arbitration:
indeed, examples of each of these types of dispute being referred to
arbitration are to be found in the reported cases. [emphasis added]

102 Similarly, Gary Born, _International Commercial Arbitration_ (Kluwer Law
International, 3rd Ed, 2009) (“ _International Commercial Arbitration_ ”) at p
768 states that:

… the types of claims that are non-arbitrable differ from nation to nation.
Among other things, classic examples of non-arbitrable subjects include
certain disputes concerning consumer claims; criminal offences; labour or
employment grievances; intellectual property; and domestic relations. The
types of disputes which are non-arbitrable nonetheless almost always arise
from a common set of considerations. _The non-arbitrability doctrine rests on
the notion that some matters so pervasively involve public rights, or
interests of third parties, which are the subjects of uniquely governmental
authority, that agreements to resolve such disputes by ‘private’ arbitration
should not be given effect_. [emphasis added]

103 Whilst I completely agree with the _obiter dicta_ of the Court of Appeal
(in _Four Pillars_) and the views expressed by the academic commentators, I
notice that the oft-overlooked s 12(5) of the IAA appears to point in another
direction. Specifically, s 12(5) of the IAA provides that the arbitral
tribunal “may award _any remedy or relief that could have been ordered by the
High Court_ if the dispute had been the subject of civil proceedings in that
Court” [emphasis added].

104 Unfortunately, the Law Reform Committee, Singapore Academy of Law, _Report
of the Law Reform Sub-Committee on Review of Arbitration Laws_ (August 1993)
(Chairman: Thean Lip Ping) (“1993 Report”) does not assist in the
interpretation of s 12(5) of the IAA. The 1993 Report recommended that “the
power of arbitrators to grant civil reliefs based on certain statutes” should
not be characterised as contrary to public policy (at [28]). This was
reflected as s 11(1) of the Draft International Arbitration Bill (“Draft
Bill”), which read:

For the purposes of interpreting Article 34(2)(_b_)(ii) of the Model Law, it
is declared that reliefs granted by an arbitrator based on specific statutes
empowering a court or relevant authority to do so is not contrary to public
policy.

It did not specify if it was intended to cover all statute-based reliefs
including those that might have an effect on third parties or the general
public. In any event, it was deleted from the final bill as there were
concerns that “this sub-clause may overly restrict the power of the court to
set aside awards on public policy grounds” (see para 4(b) of the
“Supplementary Note on Bill” which prefaces the 1993 Report).

105 It would appear that the wording of s 12(5) of the IAA was inspired by the
New Zealand, Law Commission, _Arbitration_ (NZLC R20, 1991) (President: Sir
Kenneth Keith KBE) (“1991 Report”) and that may provide some indication on its
purpose and ambit. Section 12(1) of the New Zealand Arbitration Act 1996 (Act
No 99 of 1996) (“NZ AA 1996”) is similar to s 12(5) of the IAA:

**12** **Powers of arbitral tribunal in deciding disputes**

(1) An arbitration agreement, unless otherwise agreed by the parties, is
deemed to provide that an arbitral tribunal

(a) may award any remedy or relief that could have been ordered by the High
Court if the dispute had been the subject of civil proceedings in that court;

(b) may award interest on the whole or any part of any sum which

(i) is awarded to any party, for the whole or any part of the period up to the
date of the award; or

(ii) is in issue in the arbitral proceedings but is paid before the date of
the award, for the whole or any part of the period up to the date of payment.

…

106 The discussion in the 1991 Report on s 12 of the NZ AA 1996 (which was s
10 of the New Zealand draft Bill) is instructive:

252\. The spelling out of the powers of an arbitrator in s 10 reflects the
reservations of the Law Commission about relying entirely on the proposition
that, where New Zealand law is applicable to the substance of a dispute, it is
an implied term of the arbitration agreement that the arbitrator is to have
authority to give the claimant such relief as would be available to him in a
court of law having jurisdiction with respect to the subject matter.

…

255\. To avoid any possible doubt about the powers of the arbitral tribunal
where the parties have, in general terms, agreed to submit disputes between
them to arbitration, the Law Commission proposes the inclusion of a specific
provision in the draft Act. Rather than list specific implied powers of an
arbitral tribunal – an approach which is problematic in ensuring that the list
is complete, both at the time of its enactment and as later statutes bearing
on the powers of the High Court are enacted – the Commission has preferred a
more general statement on the lines of the proposition quoted in para 252
above.

…

258\. _Section 10 falls short of completely assimilating the powers of an
arbitral tribunal to those of the High Court. Obviously, the power to grant a
remedy or relief does not include the High Court's coercive powers_. Moreover,
the question whether an arbitral tribunal may become seized of a particular
dispute and may award a particular remedy are _still subject to the overriding
considerations of arbitrability and public policy_. This is the reason for the
saving provision in subs (3).

259\. Given this safeguard, we consider that the proposed s 10 can safely be
relied upon to adapt, where appropriate, references in enactments to the
powers of the courts generally, or of the High Court in particular, so as to
permit of their application by an arbitral tribunal. Under the present law,
specific provision for the exercise of the court's powers by an arbitrator is
made in or by the Frustrated Contracts Act 1944, the Contractual Mistakes Act
1977, the Contractual Remedies Act 1979 and the Contracts (Privity) Act 1982.
But no such provision was included in the Minors' Contracts Act 1969, the
Illegal Contracts Act 1970, or the Credit Contracts Act 1981. The question of
an adverse inference therefore arises. There are also the problems of keeping
references to arbitration in specific Acts up to date and ensuring that they
are included as appropriate in new legislation. We accordingly propose the
repeal of the references to arbitrators made in or by the four contracts
statutes listed above. See s 13(2) and Schedule 4. _The effect of s 10 is
that, subject to the agreement of the parties under article 28 of Schedule 1,
an arbitral tribunal will be able to apply any provision of any of the
contracts statutes or any other relevant enactment conferring powers on the
court, except so far as its application by the arbitral tribunal may be
excluded by considerations of arbitrability or public policy_.

[emphasis added]

107 Notably, the NZ AA 1996 provides in s 12(2) that “[n]othing in this
section affects the application of section 10 or article 34(2)(b) or article
36(1)(b) of Schedule 1.” It expressly states that the power of the arbitral
tribunal is subject to the restrictions of arbitrability and public policy.
While there is no equivalent provision in the IAA, the position in my view
must be the same. As noted earlier ([104] above), s 11(1) of the Draft Bill
was removed because the Law Reform Commission was concerned with unduly
restricting the considerations of arbitrability and public policy.

108 In addition, the judicial pronouncements from New Zealand provide
assistance on the construction of s 12(5) of the IAA. Although the power of
the arbitral tribunal under s 12(1) of the NZ AA 1996 may be broad, it is not
without limitation (see _General Distributors Ltd v Casata Ltd_ [2006] 2 NZLR
721 at [49]–[51] and _Raukura Moana Fisheries Ltd v The Ship “Irina Zharkikh”_
[2001] 2 NZLR 801 (“ _Raukura Moana_ ”) at [45]–[47]).

109 In particular, Young J in _Raukura Moana_ considered (at [45]–[47]) that:

[45] The fundamental problem in this case is that arbitral tribunals
established pursuant to the charter agreements would not have an in rem
jurisdiction in respect of the ships. The reason is simple enough: judgments
in rem in respect of these vessels would bind parties who are, themselves, not
subject to the arbitration agreement _. An arbitral tribunal does not have the
power to bind parties who are not subject to the arbitration agreement._

[46] The parties did not seek to argue otherwise. Nonetheless, and for the
avoidance of any doubt, I record that, in reaching this view, I have had
regard to ss 10(2) and 12(1)(a) of the Arbitration Act 1996.

[47] _In my view, s 10(2) should be construed as applying only to legislative
provisions that apply inter partes_ (eg as to an entitlement to claim interest
under the Judicature Act 1908 or the particular provisions which may govern
contractual rights pursuant to, for instance, the Illegal Contracts Act 1970,
the Contractual Mistakes Act 1977, and the Contractual Remedies Act 1979).
_The same is true of s 12(1)(a)._

[emphasis added]

110 Young J also pointed out the possibility that “the inability of an
arbitrator to make an award _in rem_ meant that the present claims by the
plaintiff were not properly justiciable by way of arbitration” (at [48]–[51]).
However, this point was not considered or developed further.

111 In my judgment, s 12(5) of the IAA clearly cannot be construed as
conferring upon arbitral tribunals the power to grant all statute-based
remedies or reliefs available to the High Court. It has a more limited
purpose, (see [106] above), and an arbitral tribunal clearly cannot exercise
the coercive powers of the courts or make awards _in rem_ or bind third
parties who are not parties to the arbitration agreement.

Statutory claims that straddle the line between arbitrability and non-
arbitrability

112 From the foregoing authorities, it is clear that some statutory claims
and/or remedies are solely within the purview of the courts, _eg_ , winding up
of a company, granting a judgment _in rem_ in admiralty matters, avoidance
claims, bankruptcy and matrimonial matters, and criminal prosecutions.

113 However, just because a statutory claim _may_ be redressed or remedied by
an order that is only available to the courts, that does not mean the claim is
automatically rendered non-arbitrable. It may well straddle the line between
arbitrability and non-arbitrability depending on the facts of the case, the
manner in which the claim is framed, and the remedy or relief sought.

114 This is well-illustrated in _Larsen Oil_ , where the Court of Appeal
observed, in relation to the claim based on s 73B of the Conveyancing and Law
of Property Act (Cap 61, 1994 Rev Ed) (“CLPA”), that it “is one that may
straddle both a company’s pre-insolvency state of affairs, as well as its
descent into the insolvency regime” (at [55]). As noted above , the Court of
Appeal drew a distinction between “disputes involving an insolvent company
that stem from its pre-insolvency rights and obligations, and those that arise
only upon the onset of insolvency due to the operation of the insolvency
regime” (at [45]–[46]). It was considered that only the latter is treated as
non-arbitrable _per se_ (at [46]). It follows that a claim under s 73B of the
CLPA is one that may or may not be arbitrable, depending on whether the
company was insolvent at the material time. This is apparent from the
illustrations given by the Court of Appeal (at [55]–[56]):

For example, a debtor may try to dissipate its local assets in anticipation of
a creditor obtaining judgment against him. The debtor may have other foreign
assets such that it remains solvent even after such dissipation, the only
problem being the creditor’s ability to enforce its judgment debt against the
debtor in those foreign jurisdictions. In such a case, a s 73B CLPA claim
commenced by the creditor has nothing to do with the insolvency regime.

…

On the other hand, for cases like _Quah Kay Tee_ , where the creditor’s claim
is based on the debtor’s conveyance of property despite of (or causing) its
insolvency, there is no need for any finding of express fraudulent intention
in order to sustain a claim under s 73B of the CLPA. Instead, the essence of
the claim is that the debtor has transferred property to another despite (or
thereby causing) its insolvent status, to the detriment of the creditor. This
makes it similar to a claim based on unfair preference or transaction at
undervalue under ss 98 and 99 of the BA respectively, where the prerequisite
is that the debtor must be either insolvent at the time of the transaction, or
had became insolvent in consequence of it (s 100(2) of the BA). _In our
opinion, a s 73B CLPA claim_** _framed in such a manner_** _must be regarded
as one that is intimately intertwined with insolvency, since it is entirely
contingent on the insolvent status of the debtor_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Indeed, the Court of Appeal went on to say (at [57]) that the s 73B CLPA claim
by Petroprod was “based on the insolvency” at the material time. On this
basis, the Court of Appeal held (at [58]) that the s 73B CLPA claim was “in
fact an insolvency claim that is non-arbitrable”.

Minority oppression claims under s 216 of the CA

115 To ascertain the arbitrability of a minority oppression claim in
Singapore, it is necessary to examine, in some detail, ss 216(1) and (2) of
the CA:

**Personal remedies in cases of oppression or injustice**

**216**.—(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company … may apply to
the Court for an order under this section on the ground —

(_a_) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in disregard of his or
their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(_b_) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against or is otherwise
prejudicial to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

(2) If on such application the Court is of the opinion that either of such
grounds is established the Court may, _with a view to bringing to an end or
remedying the matters complained of_ , make such order as it thinks fit and,
without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the order may —

(_a_) direct or prohibit any act or cancel or vary any transaction or
resolution;

(_b_) regulate the conduct of the affairs of the company in future;

(_c_) authorise civil proceedings to be brought in the name of or on behalf of
the company by such person or persons and on such terms as the Court may
direct;

(_d_) provide for the purchase of the shares or debentures of the company by
other members or holders of debentures of the company or by the company
itself;

(_e_) in the case of a purchase of shares by the company provide for a
reduction accordingly of the company’s capital; or

(_f_) provide that the company be wound up.

[emphasis added]

116 From a plain reading of s 216(2) of the CA, it is clear that the order
must be made “with a view to bringing to an end or remedying the matters
complained of”. Consequently, the nature and extent of the minority oppression
would affect the type of remedy that the Court may impose under s 216 of the
CA. In this sense, the remedy or relief to be granted for a minority
oppression claim under s 216(2) of the CA is inextricably linked to the claim
in s 216(1).

117 This view is consistent with the decision in _Kumagai Gumi Co Ltd v
Zenecon Pte Ltd and other appeals_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 304, where the Court of
Appeal stated (at [71]) that:

In our opinion, there is a limitation on the order which the court can make
under s 216. The order to be made must be made ‘with a view to bringing an end
or remedying the matters complained of’ and we agree that ‘the matters
complained of’ mean matters rightly complained of. Nevertheless, _subject to
this limitation, the jurisdiction_ to make an order under that section _is
very wide. Much depends on the matters complained of and the circumstances
prevailing at the time of hearing_. [emphasis added]

118 Similarly, the Court of Appeal in _Low Peng Boon v Low Janie and others
and other appeals_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 337 noted (at [55]) that:

Each of the remedies enumerated therein ranks equally: _Re Kong Thai Sawmill
(Miri) Sdn Bhd_ ([43] _supra_) at 233 per Lord Wilberforce and _Kuah Kok Kim v
Chong Lee Leong Seng Co (Pte) Ltd_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 795. The court has _an
unfettered discretion to make such order as it thinks most appropriate. Each
case has to be considered on its own merits_. [emphasis added]

119 According to _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han, SC gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell Asia, Revised 3rd Ed, 2009) at 5.96, s 216(2) of the CA gives
the Court “the power to ‘make such order as it thinks fit’, a wide discretion
that allows the court to tailor the order to remedy the mischief complained
of”.

120 The remedy ordered under s 216(2) of the CA is invariably linked, usually
inextricably, to the nature and extent of the commercial unfairness or unfair
prejudice itself. It must follow that the arbitrability of the remedy sought
could affect the arbitrability of the claim. In light of the broad remedial
powers conferred upon the courts under s 216(2) of the CA, some of which
cannot be made by the arbitral tribunal, it would appear that the minority
oppression claim is one of those statutory claims that straddles the line
between arbitrability and non-arbitrability.

What should the Singapore approach be?

121 The authorities surveyed above indicate the following approaches to a
claim under s 216 of the CA:

(a) first, adopt the two-stage approach in _ABOP_ by leaving the arbitral
tribunal to make all the necessary findings of fact and whether there has been
unfair prejudice or commercial unfairness and where the tribunal finds there
was oppression, then the oppressed minority shareholder can carry on with the
minority oppression claim before the Court and it is for the Court to make the
appropriate orders, including winding up;

(b) secondly, adopt a broad reading of _Fulham_ and allow all minority
oppression claims to go for arbitration; if the arbitral tribunal is of the
view that a winding up or buy-out order is appropriate, then the parties can
go to Court to obtain the necessary orders, but if not, the award takes effect
in the normal way; in the former case, the Court adopts the findings and
remedies proposed by the arbitrator and merely proceeds to enforce the same by
making the appropriate orders, _eg_ , a winding up or buy-out order or cancel
or vary a resolution; and

(c) thirdly, if there are more than two shareholders and only some
shareholders are bound by the arbitration agreement, then the Court should
allow those shareholders bound by an arbitration agreement to proceed to
arbitration and in the exercise of the Court’s inherent powers of case
management, stay all the proceedings in relation to those shareholders not
bound by the arbitration agreement until the award is made and only then
proceed with the s 216 claim in Court; and

(d) fourthly, adopt an approach analogous to _Exeter City_ that all minority
oppression claims under s 216 of the CA are, as a matter of public policy,
non-arbitrable.

122 Each one of the above approaches can run into great practical and legal
difficulties and result in unsatisfactory outcomes and conflicts.

123 In the first, the _ABOP_ approach, there is an inherent risk that the
Court might disagree with the arbitral tribunal. This disagreement can operate
at two levels: first, disagreement on the findings of fact as to the nature,
type and extent of the oppression, and secondly, disagreement with the
suggested as to the appropriate order to remedy or bring to an end such
oppression. Where there is disagreement, is the Court entitled to ignore the
finding of oppression and/or refuse to grant the remedy recommended by the
arbitral tribunal? If the answer is no, then two questions arise: first,
should the arbitrator’s finding of oppression be considered as an arbitral
award such that the Court is obliged to give effect to it under the 1958
Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (the
“New York Convention”), and secondly, can the courts be disentitled to
consider the merits even though they are required to exercise their powers to
grant appropriate _in rem_ remedies? On the other hand, if the answer is yes,
then it might be pointless to let the dispute go to arbitration in the first
place as the courts would have to rehear the entire dispute in order to be
satisfied that there is oppression and that the _in rem_ remedies should be
granted. It cannot be the intention of parties to subject themselves to a
multiplicity of proceedings; in fact, this approach obviates most of the
advantages of arbitration, _eg_ , quicker resolution, lower costs and
confidentiality. Surely, this cannot be “pro-arbitration” in any sense of the
word.

124 In the second approach, a broad reading of _Fulham_ , many of the same
problems that have been identified above at [123] will also arise. Moreover,
there might be other shareholders who are not bound by the arbitration
agreement and disagree with the recommendation of the arbitral tribunal to,
for example, remove the chairman in _Fulham_. These other shareholders may
think that the Sir David is a wonderful chairman and disagree with his
removal.

125 _Fulham_ thus has its detractors. In Harry McVea, “Section 994 of the
Companies Act 2006 and the Primacy of Contract” (2012) 75 MLR 1123 at p 1132,
the author writes:

On the face of it, Patten LJ’s approach has a certain degree of intuitive
appeal. It is, after all, consistent with the facilitative party autonomy and,
in its explicitly pro-arbitration stance, has the advantage of rescuing many
disputes from a potentially costly and time-consuming judicial process.
_Nevertheless, the practical merits of this approach are undercut to the
extent that certain cases will effectively require a two-stage process_ :
first, a process whereby the arbitrator adjudicates on the dispute itself; and
secondly, one by which the matter reverts to the courts in the event that the
appropriate remedy is of a type not obtainable in arbitral proceedings (eg, it
is a remedy that, in affecting third parties, requires the supervisory
jurisdiction of the court). _Regrettably, the Court of Appeal proffered no
guidance on the question of how, in the event that a court disagrees with any
arbitral finding with regard to remedies, such a difference of opinion is to
be resolved_. [emphasis added]

126 I am also not convinced that a broad reading of _Fulham_ , given the
unique facts of that case, should be applied as a general rule. As I have
noted earlier ([67] above), there was no possibility of a buy-out or winding
up orders on the facts of _Fulham_ nor were they asked for. In Wendy Kennett,
“Arbitration of Intra-Corporate Disputes” (2013) 55 Int JLM 333 at p 353, the
author observed that:

Although FAPL is hardly a typical private company, it does have a relatively
small number of shareholders (20), and restrictions on the transfer of shares.
Relational considerations are therefore comparatively high. Fulham Football
Club was seeking an injunction or order to terminate conduct of the chairman
that it was considered to be contrary to the rules of the Football
Association, so that it could ensure that it was treated fairly in comparison
with other clubs. _However, it is less clear that the factors favouring
arbitration are present in more typical minority shareholder disputes. In the
majority of cases the relationship between the shareholders has completely
broken down, the case multiplies accusations, and the principal remedy is a
buy-out. What is sought is compensation and catharsis – not preservation of a
relationship_. Furthermore, the specialist determination required. In terms of
share valuation to facilitate a buy-out, can be done by means of expert
determination rather than arbitration. [emphasis added]

127 Accordingly, with respect, I have serious doubts whether a broad reading
of the _Fulham_ approach should be adopted in Singapore. That decision was
probably correct on its unique facts with the issue being whether the chairman
acted in breach of the Football Association and FAPL rules and the remedy
sought being the prevention of the chairman from acting in a certain manner or
termination of his chairmanship. There was no evidence of the other member
clubs intervening in the court proceedings or objecting to the termination of
his chairmanship. Further, FAPL was unique, as were its shareholders. In fact,
a careful reading of the _Fulham_ judgment shows that Patten LJ recognised
some limitations (see _Fulham_ at [65]–[66] and the excerpts set out at [68]
and [69] above). I therefore do not read the ruling in _Fulham_ as necessarily
endorsing a rule of general application.

128 One of the key difficulties surrounding the arbitrability of minority
oppression claims is the non-availability of winding up and the other remedies
that only a Court can make. This has been highlighted by academic
commentators. In Michael J Duffy, “Shareholders Agreements and Shareholders’
Remedies: Contract Versus Statute?” (2008) 20 Bond Law Review 1, the author,
having examined both _Skyer_ and _ACD Tridon_ , noted (at p 11) that:

… commercial arbitration will be allowable for _inter partes_ relief though it
may become problematic when the relief involves winding up action. In terms of
the common remedies (as discussed below) it thus seems that to the extent that
an oppression action seeks winding up as a form of relief there may be doubt
as to whether the matter can, in the absence of mutual consent, be kept out of
the courts … It seems to follow also that a dispute that was wider than that
governed by the shareholders agreement and/or which involved other parties
(such as the company) would not be required to be dealt with under the
commercial arbitration clause.

129 In _Prudent Anticipation_ , the author distilled some common threads from
the cases that addressed the arbitrability of minority oppression claims (at p
324):

_First, where the rights asserted will directly affect third parties, i.e.
persons who are not parties to the arbitration agreement, it may prove
difficult to convince a court to stay proceedings before it in favour of
arbitration_. The courts in those circumstances seem to have a fairly strong
ground upon which to base a holding that the matter is not capable of
settlement by arbitration.

_Secondly, public shareholder claims are particularly susceptible to arguments
that it is contrary to the public interest that matters be referred to
arbitration. The interaction between large groups of shareholders, directors
and companies is complex. Legal rules have been developed to confine and mould
those relationships in fairly invasive respects, such as the process
requirements associated with derivative and class actions. Courts will likely
find it difficult to accept that informal arbitration procedures, which may
rely heavily on ad hoc decisions by the arbitral tribunal, can satisfactorily
handle these relationships_. They are likely to be comforted greatly if a
party which seeks a stay in favour of arbitration can explain to the court,
with reference to pre-existing arbitration rules that will govern the
proceedings, how the issues will be addressed.

Finally, the views of courts as to what are proper subjects for arbitration
change over time… As more such arbitrations take place in these permissive
regimes, and as arbitration bodies develop greater expertise and procedural
certainty in these areas, the concerns that courts may have are likely to
become less compelling.

[emphasis added]

130 As against these views, there are academic commentaries from Canada in
support of the view that minority oppression claims should be arbitrable. In
Byron Shaw, “The Arbitrability of Oppression Claims” (2011) 69 The Advocate
21, the author argued (at p 26) that:

Where all parties to the oppression claim are privy to the arbitration
agreement and the dispute falls within the scope of the arbitration clause,
the agreement to arbitrate should be enforced… Requiring parties to adjudicate
the ‘non-oppression’ aspects of their dispute and to return to court seems
unnecessary and inconsistent with the principle that a multiplicity of
proceedings should be avoided at all costs. There is no apparent reason why an
arbitrator should lack competence to make findings of oppression or to award a
statutory equitable remedy under the BCA [Business Corporations Act].

131 A similar, albeit more balanced view, was expressed in Rebecca Huang,
“Shareholder Dispute: Arbitrator’s Power to Grant Statutory Oppression Remedy”
(2010) 36 The Advocates’ Quarterly 457 at p 468:

… an arbitrator should have as broad as possible of a power to remedy
shareholder disputes as long as such disputes are arbitrable and the parties
have not expressly excluded statutory oppression remedies from the
arbitrator’s scope of powers. Court may still retain the narrow residual
jurisdiction to intervene where an aggrieved shareholder would be deprived of
an ultimate remedy through arbitration.

132 I acknowledge the possibility that if there are only two shareholders in a
joint venture company with an arbitration agreement, or where all the
shareholders are bound by an arbitration clause, then perhaps a minority
oppression claim can be hived off to an arbitral tribunal for it to make
findings as to whether there was any oppression. This would be in keeping with
the “generous” construction of arbitration clauses laid down by the Court of
Appeal in _Larsen Oil_. In such an instance, the arbitral tribunal would leave
the choice of the remedy or appropriate order to the Court. Even then, there
is the problem of whether the arbitral tribunal should also recommend what
remedy would, in its view, be most appropriate. As I have discussed earlier
([123] above), there is a possibility that the Court may disagree with the
arbitral tribunal – can the Court then impose the remedy it considers
appropriate with a view to bringing to an end or remedying the matters
complained of? There might also be other difficulties, eg, a possible impact
or concern about the solvency of the company and the interests of creditors
that was not surfaced at the arbitration proceedings. Even if these
difficulties are put to one side, what exactly is being sought for the purpose
of enforcement if the arbitral tribunal had only made recommendations? For the
reasons set out above, I have my doubts if an arbitral tribunal can and should
make a declaration that the claimant is entitled to ask a Court to wind up the
company or order a buy-out upon specified terms.

133 The third approach available to the Court, as set out at [121(c)], also
has its problems when applied to the present case. Significantly, the
Plaintiff and the 2nd Defendant are the only parties who are bound by the
Arbitration Clause. The other defendants, especially the individuals, are
implicated in the pleadings as having played a part in oppressing the
Plaintiff. In _Fulham_ , Patten LJ opined that the other shareholders could
also be heard in the arbitration. That may well be in some cases, but it is
equally, if not more likely, possible in such situations that the other
shareholders would refuse to do so for tactical reasons (I hasten to emphasise
that I make no such finding or nor take such a view on the facts of this case
but raise this as a general hypothetical possibility). I doubt if these
parties can be compelled to attend as witnesses, be asked to state their case,
give their evidence (both documentary and oral) and thereafter be bound by the
arbitral award. The arbitration may well proceed with only hearing the parties
to the arbitration agreement and on that evidence, the arbitral tribunal has
to reach a view and make its award. In the meantime, the Court may wish to
exercise its inherent powers of case management and stay proceedings until the
arbitral award is made (see _Shanghai Construction (Group) General Co.
Singapore Branch v Tan Poo Seng_ [2012] SGHCR 10, citing _Reichhold Norway ASA
and another v Goldman Sachs International_ [1999] CLC 486, upheld on appeal,
[2000] 1 WLR 173). With the benefit of the award, the Court then proceeds to
hear the rest of the parties and the full panoply of evidence. What if, on
hearing all the witnesses and evidence, some of which was not placed before
the arbitral tribunal, the Court comes to a different conclusion either on its
finding of oppression or the recommended remedy? It is settled law in
Singapore that the courts do not re-open findings of fact of an arbitral
tribunal and they can only set aside or refuse to enforce awards on limited
grounds.

134 It is possible for the Court to stay the proceedings for the parties with
an arbitration agreement and send them off to arbitration, and at the same
time, proceed to hear the other parties who are not bound by the arbitration
agreement. This will require the plaintiff to proceed on two fronts or coerce
the other parties to join in the arbitration. None of these solutions are
satisfactory and at an early stage, the Court is unlikely to be able to assess
what each party’s approach will be as the dispute unfolds and develops.

135 At this juncture, I should mention a useful procedural rule under Part 72
of the Supreme Court Rules 1970 (NSW) (“the NSW SCR 1970”), which we do not
have in Singapore.

136 In _ACD Tridon_ , Austin J recognised the inconvenience which would be
caused by his holding that certain matters in the claim brought by the
plaintiff would have to go to arbitration while others remain for the Court to
hear – these included what he identified (at [204]) as “strains on the legal
resources of the parties, and a degree of duplication of the processes of
information-gathering, evidence and factual determination”. In that case, in
the light of these potential difficulties, the plaintiff, Tridon, made a
sensible proposal of having the Court refer all the matters not subject to the
arbitration agreement to Mr Clarke QC, who had been appointed as the
arbitrator, to hear as a referee of the Court under Part 72 of the NSW SCR
1970. Austin J held that this would achieve savings in costs by having “one
concurrent hearing”. Ultimately, it was suggested by Austin J that the best
outcome would have been for the parties to withdraw the parts of the claims
from arbitration and to have them all referred to Mr Clark QC as a reference
from the Court, but it appeared that there was no such consent forthcoming.
The reference of the remaining claims not caught by the arbitration agreement
to the same person sitting as arbitrator, to hear as a referee of the Court
under Part 72 of the NSW SCR 1970 (with the parties’ consent), was therefore
the most expeditious solution.

137 The 2nd Defendant suggested that I can make similar orders pursuant to the
inherent jurisdiction of the Court.[note: 30] Having considered the matter, I
do not think this is possible. The power of the New South Wales Supreme Court
to refer matters out from the province of the courts to be heard by a referee
is made under the express statutory provision in Part 72, r 2(1) of the SCR
1970 which reads:

**2** **Order referring**

(1) The Court may, in any proceedings in the Court, subject to this rule, at
any stage of the proceedings, on application by a party or of its own motion,
make orders for reference to a referee appointed by the Court for inquiry and
report by the referee on the whole of the proceedings or any question or
questions arising in the proceedings.

The power to make such a rule and the procedure in turn stemmed from primary
legislation in the form of the Supreme Court Act 1970 (NSW), s 124(2), which
reads as follows:

**Rule-making power**

…

(2) The rules may make provision for or with respect to:

(a) the cases in which the whole of any proceedings or any question or issue
arising in any proceedings may be referred by the Court to an arbitrator or
referee for determination or for inquiry and report,

…

Part 72 of the SCR 1970 has since been repealed and re-enacted as rr
20.13–20.24 in Div 3 of Part 20 of the Uniform Civil Procedure Rules 2005 (Reg
418 of 2005) (NSW).

138 In the absence of an express statutory provision allowing me to make such
orders, I would hesitate to do so. Further, in the absence of a contractual
agreement to refer matters to adjudication by a tribunal other than a Court,
the Plaintiff is entitled to avail itself of the Court’s processes. Under
Singapore law, the referral of matters to an arbitrator is a purely consensual
process. There is no power for me to otherwise order that the parts of the
dispute not caught by the arbitration clause and those against the other
defendants not party to it to also be heard at an arbitration or by the
arbitrator as part of the Court’s process, as was done in _ACD Tridon_.

139 A practical solution in the present case will be for the Plaintiff and all
of the defendants to agree to submit their disputes to arbitration. All
parties will then be before one tribunal and will be bound by that tribunal’s
decision. The possible complications which I have set out above may still
arise thereafter, but they cannot be avoided and will have to be dealt with at
the appropriate stage.

140 At the end of the day, despite the numerous and undeniable advantages of
arbitration, it has its limitations in the context of minority oppression
claims under s 216. A review of the non-exhaustive list of remedies under s
216(2) of the CA will illustrate these limitations. The arbitral tribunal can
make findings and award damages or make specific orders _in personam_ and
_inter partes_ that are binding on the parties before it to do or abstain from
doing something. However, the arbitral tribunal will not have the general
power to vary any transaction or resolution under s 216(2)(_a_) of the CA, _a
fortiori_ where it involves third parties, including shareholders who are not
party to the arbitration agreement. Also, under s 216(2)(_d_) of the CA,
absent any conferment of jurisdiction or power by the consent of the parties
under the terms of reference or by a provision within the arbitration
agreement or the articles of association or other agreement between the
parties, or some other power by the law of the seat or the governing law, I do
not think that an arbitral tribunal has the general power to order one
shareholder-party to buy out the other shareholder-party on specific terms. _A
fortiori_ if there are other shareholders in the company who are not parties
to the arbitration agreement and are therefore not bound by the arbitral
award. Similar difficulties can be envisaged in the remedy contemplated by s
216(2)(_b_) of the CA in making an order regulating the future conduct of the
affairs of the company or in s 216(2)(_e_) of the CA which includes the
consequential order of providing for a reduction in the company’s capital
after a compulsory buy-out. These factors militate towards the fourth approach
set out in [121(d)] above.

141 In my judgment, the nature of a minority oppression claim and the broad
powers of the Court under s 216(2) of the CA would mean that a minority
oppression claim is one that may straddle the line between arbitrability and
non-arbitrability. It would not be desirable therefore to lay down a general
rule that all minority oppression claims under s 216 of the CA are non-
arbitrable. It will depend on all the facts and circumstances of the case. No
single factor should be looked at alone. Nor should the remedy or relief asked
for assume overriding importance, as that would enable litigants to manipulate
the process and evade otherwise binding obligations to refer their disputes to
arbitration.

142 That said, except for those cases where all the shareholders are bound by
the arbitration agreement, or where there are unique facts like _Fulham_ , and
the Court is satisfied that, first, all the relevant parties (including third
parties whose interests may be affected) are parties to the arbitration and,
secondly, the remedy or relief sought is one that only affects the parties to
the arbitration, many if not most of the minority oppression claims under s
216 of the CA claims will be non-arbitrable. This will often be in cases
where, _eg_ , there are other shareholders who are not parties to the
arbitration, or the arbitral award will directly affect third parties or the
general public, or some claims fall within the scope of the arbitration clause
and some do not, or there are overtones of insolvency, or the remedy or relief
that is sought is one that an arbitral tribunal is unable to make.

Application to the facts

143 Applying these considerations to this case, there is no doubt that the
Plaintiff’s minority oppression claim against the 2nd Defendant is non-
arbitrable. There are relevant parties, including other shareholders, who are
not parties to the arbitration. The Plaintiff has also asked for remedies that
the arbitral tribunal cannot grant, including winding up ([7] above). These
two factors alone are sufficient for me to say that the Plaintiff’s minority
oppression claim is not arbitrable.

144 Accordingly, I find that the learned Assistant Registrar below was right
to refuse a stay of proceedings under s 6 of the IAA.

If part of the claim is stayed under s 6 of the IAA, should this Court
exercise its inherent powers of case management to stay the entire
proceedings?

145 In light of the above, as no part of the claim was stayed, there is no
longer any reason for me to address this issue. Also in light of the reasons
set out above, this is not a case where I would necessarily have exercised my
discretion to stay part of the claim pending the outcome of the arbitral
proceedings (see [134] above). Be that as it may, this does not arise on the
facts of this case.

Conclusion

146 Accordingly, the appeals in RA 334/2013, RA 336/2013, RA 341/2013 and RA
337/2013 are dismissed.

147 Costs should follow the event. The Plaintiff is to have the costs of these
appeals to be taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at paras 1 and 10.

[note: 2]SOC at para 17.

[note: 3]SOC at paras 2–3.

[note: 4]SOC at para 3.

[note: 5]SOC at para 4.

[note: 6]SOC at para 5.

[note: 7]SOC at para 5.

[note: 8]SOC at para 6.

[note: 9]SOC at para 7(a).

[note: 10]SOC at para 7(a).

[note: 11]SOC at paras 7(b), 7(c) and 9(b).

[note: 12]SOC at para 8.

[note: 13]SOC at para 8.

[note: 14]SOC at para 9(a).

[note: 15]SOC at para 9(a).

[note: 16]SOC at paras 22–23.

[note: 17]SOC at para 23.

[note: 18]SOC at para 24.

[note: 19]SOC at para 18.

[note: 20]SOC at para 18(d).

[note: 21]SOC at para 18(e).

[note: 22]SOC at paras 31–32.

[note: 23]SOC at para 37.

[note: 24]SOC at para 38.

[note: 25]SOC at paras 41–51.

[note: 26]Plaintiff’s Further Submissions at paras 10 and 13(5).

[note: 27]Plaintiff’s Further Submissions at paras 13(2) and 13(4).

[note: 28]2nd Defendant’s Submissions at para 9(a).

[note: 29]2nd Defendant’s Submissions at para 9(b).

[note: 30]2nd Defendant’s Submissions at para 53.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 May 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

