Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Woo Kah Wai and another _v_ Chew Ai Hua Sandra and another appeal  
[2014] SGCA 41

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 83 and 84 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 August 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Edmund Kronenburg and Alicia Zhuang (Braddell Brothers
LLP) for the appellants in Civil Appeal No 83 of 2013 and the respondents in
Civil Appeal 84 of 2013; Christopher Anand Daniel and Harjean Kaur
(instructed) and Lawrence Lim Cheng Hock (Matthew Chiong Partnership) for the
respondent in Civil Appeal No 83 of 2013 and the appellant in Civil Appeal No
84 of 2013.  
Parties| :|  Woo Kah Wai and another — Chew Ai Hua Sandra  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 3 SLR 1088.]

1 August 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 These two related appeals, Civil Appeal No 83 of 2013 (“CA 83/2013”) and
Civil Appeal No 84 of 2013 (“CA 84/2013”), arise from the High Court’s
decision in _Chew Ai Hua Sandra v Woo Kah Wai and another (Chesney Real Estate
Pte Ltd, third party)_ [2013] 3 SLR 1088 (“the Judgment”) concerning the legal
effect of a written offer to purchase a unit in a condominium (“the
Property”). Enclosed with this written offer (“the Written Offer”) was a
cheque for 1% of the offer price as the money for the joint owners of the
Property, Mr Woo Kah Wai (“Mr Woo”) and Mdm Lum Pic Yee Joyce (“Mdm Lum”), to
issue an option to purchase (“OTP”) to the interested purchaser, Mdm Chew Ai
Hua Sandra (“the Purchaser”). Mr Woo and Mdm Lum (collectively referred to
hereafter as “the Vendors”), who were the defendants in the action below (“the
Originating Suit”), are the appellants in CA 83/2013 and the respondents in CA
84/2013. The Purchaser, who was the plaintiff in the Originating Suit, is the
respondent in CA 83/2013 and the appellant in CA 84/2013.

2 The heart of the dispute relates to the question of whether, in the events
which occurred, the Vendors evinced an intention to accept the Written Offer,
such that what we shall hereafter term “the Pre-Option Contract” – _ie_ , a
contract between the Vendors and the Purchaser under which the Vendors were to
issue to the Purchaser an OTP which complied with the terms set out in the
Written Offer (referred to in this judgment as a “compliant OTP” where
appropriate to the context) – came into being. If the Pre-Option Contract did
indeed come into being, the secondary issue is whether the option period (_ie_
, the period of time during which an OTP is open for acceptance) stipulated in
the OTP eventually issued by the Vendors (“the Option”) was in compliance with
the terms of the Pre-Option Contract.

3 In view of the diametrically different positions taken by the parties in
relation to the construction of the Written Offer, the sale and purchase of
the Property did not materialise. This led the Purchaser to commence the
Originating Suit against the Vendors for specific performance or,
alternatively, damages for breach of the Pre-Option Contract. However, in the
meantime, the Vendors had already sold the Property to an innocent third party
at a higher price.

4 CA 83/2013 is the Vendors’ appeal against the main ruling of the Judicial
Commissioner (“the Judge”) that they were in breach of the Pre-Option
Contract, while CA 84/2013 is the Purchaser’s appeal against certain other
rulings by the Judge.

Background facts

The Purchaser’s offer to purchase the Property

5 Unless otherwise stated, all the dates referred to in this judgment are
dates in 2010. In January, the Vendors decided to sell the Property and
engaged the services of a real estate agency (“Chesney”) to assist in the
sale. On or about 9 February, the Purchaser was informed by her estate agent,
one Adrian Thoo (“Adrian”), that the Property was on sale. The Purchaser
offered to buy the Property at the price of $920,000. This offer was conveyed
by Adrian to Cindy Lim (“Cindy”), a director of Chesney, who in turn conveyed
the offer to the Vendors. The Vendors were agreeable, and this information was
conveyed by Cindy to Adrian.

6 Adrian then, in accordance with his understanding with Cindy, proceeded to
prepare the Written Offer, and had it signed by the Purchaser. Dated 10
February, the operative part of the Written Offer reads:[note: 1]

We the undersigned hereby offer to purchase [the Property] … at the purchase
price of S$920,000/- … subject to the following terms and conditions:

1\. Option Period: 3 days

2\. Completion Period: 12 weeks

3\. The sale of [the Property] is subject to signing the Option to Purchase.

4\. Within three (3) Days (i.e. by 4p.m. _13 th February 2010_), the Owner of
[the Property] must either accept or reject this offer failing which this
offer shall lapse. If rejected, the option money tendered herewith will be
refunded to us within the time stipulated above without any interest thereon
and thereafter neither party shall have any claim against each other. If
accepted, the Owner shall deliver to the undersigned the Option duly signed by
the Owner within the stipulated time above.

…

Enclosed herewith [cheque] for the amount of S$9,200/- … made payable to Woo
Kah Wai … being Option money for the purchase of [the Property].

[underlining in original]

7 On 11 February, the Written Offer was handed by Adrian to Cindy’s personal
assistant, one Masila binte Kamis (“Masila”), together with a cheque for
$9,200, being the “Option money for the purchase of [the Property]” (“the
Option Money”). On Cindy’s instructions, Masila then prepared a draft OTP to
be issued by the Vendors. That draft was sent via e-mail to Mr Woo at 4.53pm
on the same day (_ie_ , 11 February).[note: 2] Sometime after 5.00pm that day,
Mr Woo went to Chesney’s office to sign the draft OTP (which then became the
Option as defined at [2] above).

8 The key terms of the Option, which was dated 11 February, were the mode of
acceptance and the option period.[note: 3] Essentially, to accept the Option,
the Purchaser had to sign it and deliver it, together with 5% of the purchase
price of $920,000 (less the Option Money), to the Vendors’ solicitor “on or
before the 13th [of] February 2010, 4.00 p.m.”.[note: 4]

Delivery of the Option to the Purchaser

9 It is undisputed that when Mr Woo went to Chesney’s office on 11 February to
sign the draft OTP prepared by Masila, he also collected the cheque for the
Option Money, which he deposited into his bank account that same evening. It
was only at Chesney’s office that Mr Woo was told of the Written Offer, which
he duly acknowledged and signed.[note: 5]

10 It is also undisputed that Adrian went to Chesney’s office at around 6.00pm
on 12 February to collect the Option, although the parties disagree as to the
precise time at which Adrian was informed on that day that the Option was
available for collection. (We should add here that only Adrian was informed
when the Option was available for collection; the Purchaser herself was not
notified.) On receiving the Option, Adrian noticed that it stated that the
option period would expire at 4.00pm the following day (13 February), which
happened to be a Saturday as well as the eve of the Chinese New Year holidays.
Upon Masila’s attention being drawn to this, she arranged for Adrian to speak
to Cindy. What happened after this point remains very much in controversy.

11 According to Adrian, when he pointed out to Masila that the option period
of three days mentioned in the Written Offer (see [6] above) meant three
working days, Masila admitted that the deadline specified in the Option was
not in accordance with the terms set out in the Written Offer. This assertion
was denied by Masila.

12 According to Cindy, Adrian admitted to her over the telephone that he made
a mistake in specifying three days as the option period in the Written Offer
and requested that it be changed to the industry norm of 14 days. Cindy said
that she asked Adrian to leave the Option with Masila so that she (Cindy)
could speak to the Vendors about the proposed amendment. Adrian agreed and the
Option thus remained in Chesney’s office that evening (_ie_ , the evening of
12 February).

13 On the same evening, Cindy telephoned Mdm Lum to inform her of the problem.
According to Cindy, Mdm Lum said that she was agreeable to amending the option
period to 14 days, but added that any agreement would have to wait until after
she had discussed the matter with her husband, Mr Woo. Mdm Lum denied that
that was what she told Cindy. Her evidence was that she only told Cindy that
she and Mr Woo would consider the request.

14 A flurry of telephone calls took place between Cindy and Mdm Lum as well as
between Adrian and Cindy at around 12.00 noon the following day (13 February),
which was also the day on which the option period stipulated in the Option was
due to expire. In summary, the different accounts adduced in evidence are as
follows:

(a) Adrian claimed that at around 11.55am, Cindy informed him that although
the Option would not be amended, the Vendors had agreed that it would be
exercisable within three working days from the date on which it was delivered
to him.

(b) The Vendors claimed that they informed Cindy that morning that they were
not going to amend the Option. However, they offered to return the Option
Money as a gesture of goodwill. Cindy subsequently called Mdm Lum to tell her
that the Purchaser would try to beat the 4.00pm deadline for exercising the
Option.

(c) Cindy claimed that Mdm Lum called and informed her that she could notify
the Purchaser that the Vendors were not going to amend the Option. Upon
Cindy’s inquiry as to whether the Vendors had already deposited the cheque for
the Option Money, Mdm Lum replied in the affirmative. Cindy also claimed that
Mdm Lum mentioned that although the cheque for the Option Money had already
been banked in, she and Mr Woo were open to refunding the Option Money if it
came down to that. However, Cindy did not regard that as something which Mdm
Lum wanted her to convey to the Purchaser.[note: 6]

15 There is also some controversy as to the precise time at which Adrian
finally collected the Option (which was left unamended) on 13 February. Adrian
claimed that he collected it from Masila at 3.00pm at a bus stop in Toa
Payoh,[note: 7] while Masila averred that she handed it to Adrian at that bus
stop shortly after 5.22pm.[note: 8] It is, however, undisputed that Adrian
handed the Option to the Purchaser sometime after 6.00pm that day. Of course,
by then, the deadline for exercising the Option had already expired (see [8]
above).

The Purchaser’s attempted exercise of the Option

16 Over the next three days, 14 February being a Sunday as well as the first
day of the Chinese New Year and 15 and 16 February being public holidays,
there was apparently no contact between the Purchaser and the Vendors, nor
between their respective agents. On the morning of 17 February, a Wednesday
and also the first working day after the Chinese New Year holidays, the
Purchaser and Adrian attended at the office of the Purchaser’s solicitor.
Adrian claimed that there, he informed the Purchaser’s solicitor that Cindy
had represented to him that notwithstanding the 13 February deadline
stipulated in the Option, the Vendors would accept the exercise of the Option
so long as that took place by 19 February (_viz_ , three working days from 13
February (see [14(a)] above)).[note: 9]

17 The Purchaser’s solicitor then attempted to exercise the Option at the
office of the Vendors’ solicitor on that same day (17 February), but was
unable to do so as the latter was still closed for the Chinese New Year
holidays. No attempt was made to contact either the Vendors or their agent,
Cindy.

18 The following day (18 February), the Purchaser’s solicitor again attempted
to exercise the Option, but the attempt was rejected by the Vendors’ solicitor
on the ground that the deadline stated in the Option had already expired.
Again, there was no attempt to contact either the Vendors or Cindy.

Events after the Purchaser’s attempted exercise of the Option

19 Between 19 February and 10 March, the parties’ solicitors exchanged letters
setting out their respective clients’ positions. There was no progress to the
impasse. The last letter between the solicitors on 10 March was from the
Vendors’ solicitor. It informed the Purchaser’s solicitor that the Vendors
would be appointing another law firm to act for them in the matter.[note: 10]
No caveat against the Property was lodged by the Purchaser.

20 In July, unknown to the Purchaser, the Vendors sold the Property to an
innocent third party for $1.05m. Almost a year later, on 24 June 2011, the
Purchaser commenced the Originating Suit from which the present appeals arise.

Summary of the parties’ pleadings

The Purchaser’s pleaded case

21 In her pleadings, the Purchaser sought specific performance of “the sale of
the Property or the issuance of an [OTP] capable of being exercised within
three working days” (see [56] of the Judgment), or, alternatively, damages on
two main grounds – breach of the Pre-Option Contract and
misrepresentation.[note: 11]

22 In respect of the breach of contract limb of her claim, the Purchaser
averred that it was an implied term of the Pre-Option Contract that the Option
would remain open for acceptance for a period of three working days, and not
merely three calendar days. Therefore, the option period stipulated in the
Option should have expired only on 19 February, taking three working days from
13 February (as mentioned earlier, 17 February was the first working day after
the Chinese New Year holidays). By their solicitor’s refusal to accept the
Purchaser’s attempt to exercise the Option on 18 February, the Vendors were in
breach of their obligations under the Option.

23 Alternatively, the Purchaser pleaded, the Vendors were in breach of the
terms of the Pre-Option Contract when they issued an OTP (in the form of the
Option) which did not conform to the requirement stated in the Written Offer
that the OTP to be granted by the Vendors if they accepted the offer should
remain open for acceptance for three working days.

24 In respect of the misrepresentation limb of her claim, the Purchaser
alleged that the Vendors’ agent, Chesney, had (through Cindy) represented to
Adrian, via a telephone call at around 11.55am on 13 February, that the Option
would be open for acceptance for three working days from the date on which it
was delivered to Adrian, _ie_ , until 19 February. In reliance on this
representation (“the Representation”), Adrian had accepted delivery of the
Option on 13 February.

The Vendors’ pleaded case

25 In their defence, the Vendors denied that they had accepted the Written
Offer and were legally bound by its terms.[note: 12] They averred that Mr
Woo’s signature on the Written Offer was not an indication of his acceptance
of the offer contained therein, but only an acknowledgement of receipt of the
Option Money. The Vendors further pleaded that if anything, the OTP which they
later executed in favour of the Purchaser (_ie_ , the Option) superseded the
Written Offer. They were, therefore, not obliged to grant the Purchaser an OTP
which was open for acceptance for three days (whether calculated by reference
to calendar days or working days).

26 Moreover, the Vendors averred, even if the Written Offer were binding on
them in the contractual sense, they were only obliged to grant the Purchaser
an OTP which was open for acceptance for three calendar days – and not three
working days – from (and inclusive of) the date of the OTP. They had fulfilled
this obligation by issuing the Option. Therefore, on either basis, they were
entitled to reject the Purchaser’s attempt to exercise the Option on 18
February as the deadline for acceptance had already lapsed by then.

27 In respect of the Purchaser’s misrepresentation claim, the Vendors pleaded
that if the Representation had indeed been made by Chesney, it had not been a
representation authorised by them. In any case, the Representation was
incapable of varying the express terms of the Option as, contrary to the
requirement set out in s 6(_d_) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“the Civil Law Act”), it was not made in writing. The Vendors further
contended that in any event, a reasonable purchaser would not – and the
Purchaser therefore should not – have relied on the Representation even if it
had indeed been made by Chesney.

28 To protect themselves, the Vendors joined Chesney as a third party to the
Originating Suit and sought an indemnity from the latter on the ground that if
the court were to find that Chesney had indeed made the Representation, it had
been made without their authorisation. That would amount to a breach by
Chesney of its duty of care and its fiduciary duties as the Vendors’
agent.[note: 13] In response to the Vendors’ third-party claim against it,
Chesney denied having made the Representation.[note: 14]

The decision below

29 The Judge held (at [21]–[28] of the Judgment) that the Written Offer was
accepted by the Vendors, and therefore, a binding agreement arose between the
parties. In other words, the Pre-Option Contract was formed. He also found (at
[29] of the Judgment) that the option period specified in the Written Offer
referred to three calendar days, and not three working days. It followed that
the Option only had to be open for acceptance for three calendar days.

30 However, the Judge was of the view that the option period started to run
only from the date on which the Option was made available for collection by
the Purchaser or her agent, Adrian, and not, as the Vendors claimed, from the
time the Vendors signed the Option. Since it was undisputed that the Option
was only made available for collection on 12 February, the expiry date of the
option period stated in the Option should have been 15 February, and not 13
February. On that premise, the Judge held (at [33] of the Judgment) that the
Vendors were in breach of the terms of the Pre-Option Contract, which came
into being upon the Vendors’ acceptance of the Written Offer.

31 With regard to the Purchaser’s claim for misrepresentation, the Judge found
that Chesney, through Cindy, did not make the Representation. He came to this
conclusion (at [38]–[44] of the Judgment) because he found the testimony of
Adrian on this issue to be rather incredible and certainly less credible than
that of Cindy and Masila. Moreover, he considered Adrian’s testimony to be
suspect when viewed in the light of the other contemporaneous as well as
subsequent events.

32 On the question of the appropriate remedy to be granted to the Purchaser,
the Judge held (at [56] of the Judgment) that it was inappropriate to grant
the Purchaser the primary relief of specific performance as the Property had
already been sold to an innocent third party (due to a failure on the
Purchaser’s part to lodge a caveat against the Property). Thus, the
Purchaser’s recourse lay only in damages.

33 The Judge also recognised (at [58] of the Judgment) that the contract
breached in the present case “was only an agreement to grant an [OTP] … and
not a concluded sale and purchase agreement”. Accordingly, to qualify for the
usual measure of damages awarded for the breach of a concluded contract for
the sale and purchase of property (namely, the difference between the contract
price and the market value of the property as at the date of completion), the
Purchaser would have to prove that she could and would have exercised the
Option had it been issued on proper terms. On this, the Judge found that the
Purchaser could and would have done so.

34 Based on the foregoing findings, and given that the completion period was
to be 12 weeks from the date of exercise of the Option, the Judge held (at
[60] of the Judgment) that the putative date of completion if the sale and
purchase of the Property had materialised would have been 10 May. As the Judge
found that there was insufficient evidence before him on the market value of
the Property as at 10 May, he ordered a separate assessment of damages to be
undertaken to determine the said market value of the Property. The Option
Money was also ordered to be returned to the Purchaser.

The Vendors’ and the Purchaser’s respective cases on appeal

35 Before us, the Vendors argue that the Judge was wrong to hold that they
were in breach of the Pre-Option Contract, which arose upon their acceptance
of the Written Offer. Their main contentions are the following:

(a) The Written Offer was only an invitation to treat and not an offer to
purchase the Property. Even if it were an offer in law, it was not accepted by
the Vendors because the mode of acceptance specified in the Written Offer was
not complied with. In the circumstances, the Option issued by the Vendors,
which was not a compliant OTP, was a counter-offer that was not accepted by
the Purchaser within the specified time.

(b) In any event, no consideration was furnished by the Purchaser to the
Vendors to enter into an agreement on the terms set out in the Written Offer.
The Option Money was consideration for the Option, and not for the offer to
purchase evinced in the Written Offer.

36 The Vendors further submit that even if they did indeed breach the Pre-
Option Contract, they are, in any event, not liable in damages because there
is no causative link between their breach and the Purchaser’s loss. Moreover,
and in any case, the quantum of damages should be limited to the difference
between the contract price and the market value of the Property as at the date
of the breach, and not as at the putative date of completion of 10 May. The
Vendors also claim that the Judge erred in ordering a refund of the Option
Money.

37 On her part, the Purchaser argues that the Judge’s holdings are correct,
except in relation to the following three findings:

(a) that “3 days” in the context of the provision “Option Period: 3 days” in
the Written Offer should be interpreted as three calendar days;

(b) that Chesney did not make the Representation; and

(c) that a separate assessment of damages was necessary as the Purchaser had
not adduced evidence to show her loss, and that in that separate assessment,
damages should be assessed by reference to the difference between the contract
price and the market value of the Property as at the putative date of
completion.

These findings are also the issues raised by the Purchaser in CA 84/2013.

38 The Purchaser contends that the above three findings of the Judge are
erroneous because:

(a) The adoption of working days instead of calendar days in interpreting the
provision “Option Period: 3 days” in the Written Offer would be more in line
with commercial reality and should be preferred. This, the Purchaser submits,
is all the more so in the context of this case, where 13 February was a
Saturday and the eve of the Chinese New Year holidays, followed by 14 February
being a Sunday (as well as the first day of the Chinese New Year) and 15 and
16 February being public holidays.

(b) Chesney’s version of the events relating to the Representation was self-
serving and should not have been given much weight by the Judge. Viewing the
evidence as a whole, and having regard to the circumstances alluded to in sub-
para (a) above, it is clear that there was an agreement between the parties to
extend the expiry date of the option period specified in the Option.

(c) In view of the decision in _Beckett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG_ [2009] 3
SLR(R) 452 (“ _Beckett_ ”), the Purchaser should have been allowed to adduce
evidence to show her full loss. In addition, the Vendors’ bad faith and
opportunistic conduct justifies assessing damages by reference to the
difference between the contract price and the market value of the Property as
at the date of judgment, and not as at the putative date of completion.

39 In response to the Purchaser’s contentions in CA 84/2013, the Vendors
submit that the Judge was correct in finding that the Representation was not
made by Chesney. As for the interpretation of the option period of “3 days”
stipulated in the Written Offer, the Vendors make no submissions, but
reiterate their point in CA 83/2013 that the Judge should not have regarded
the Written Offer as having been accepted by them and as having, consequently,
given rise to a binding contract between the parties in the form of the Pre-
Option Contract.

40 The Vendors also repeat their submission that even if they were in breach
of the Pre-Option Contract, the Judge should have used the date of their
alleged breach rather than the putative date of completion as the reference
point for assessing damages.

The issues before this court

41 In view of the parties’ arguments before us, the main issues which we have
to decide in relation to the present appeals are the following:

(a) Was the Written Offer at any point in time, up till immediately before the
issue of the Option by the Vendors, accepted by the Vendors, thereby giving
rise to a binding contract between the parties in the form of the Pre-Option
Contract? If so, what were the act(s) on the part of the Vendors which brought
about the Pre-Option Contract?

(b) If the question in sub-para (a) above is answered in the affirmative, did
the Vendors breach the terms of the Pre-Option Contract by granting the
Purchaser an OTP (in the form of the Option) which had to be exercised by
4.00pm on 13 February? (For completeness, we should add that if the question
in sub-para (a) above is answered in the negative, the Purchaser’s claim
against the Vendors would fail _in limine_ , at least in so far as the breach
of contract limb of her claim is concerned.)

(c) Did Chesney make the Representation to Adrian, and if so, did the
Purchaser have until 19 February to exercise the Option?

(d) Assuming that we find that the Vendors are indeed liable for breaching the
terms of the Pre-Option Contract, what is the appropriate remedy for the
Purchaser? In particular, was the Judge correct to:

(i) refuse to allow the Purchaser to adduce additional evidence to prove her
loss;

(ii) use the putative date of completion as the reference point for assessing
the damages due to the Purchaser; and

(iii) order the Vendors to refund the Option Money to the Purchaser?

Whether the Pre-Option Contract was formed

42 For the purposes of the trial in the court below, the key question was
really the first issue, which is whether, in the circumstances of this case,
the Pre-Option Contract came into being before the Option was issued by the
Vendors.

The normal situation in a sale and purchase of property

43 We begin with the observation that between the Purchaser’s and the Vendors’
respective agents, a view was taken that the Purchaser should demonstrate the
seriousness of her intention to secure the purchase of the Property by issuing
the Written Offer (see [6] above). It seems to us, _vis-à-vis_ a purchaser who
is really keen on a property, that the more common way for such a purchaser to
show that he is serious about purchasing the property (at a price he is
willing to pay) is by handing a cheque for the option money (typically set at
1% of the contemplated purchase price) to his agent (or directly to the owner
if there is no agent) in exchange for an OTP to be granted by the owner. The
agent will no doubt show the cheque to the owner to demonstrate the
purchaser’s good faith and serious intention to purchase the property.

44 In this situation, which we shall, for convenience, refer to as “the
industry norm”, unless and until the owner issues an OTP in exchange for the
option money, there is no contractual relationship between the parties. The
question in the present case is this – is there a difference in the legal
position where a purchaser’s interest in and intention to purchase a property
are manifested in the form of a cheque for the option money _as well as_ a
written document with two essential terms typically found in an OTP, namely,
terms that specify the option period and the completion period?

45 The Vendors do not think so. Counsel for the Vendors, Mr Edmund Kronenburg
(“Mr Kronenburg”), takes the position that the Written Offer was no more than
an invitation to treat which could not have given rise to a binding contract.
He emphasises, in particular, that cl 3 of the Written Offer expressly makes
the signing of an OTP the trigger for the formation of any “valid and binding
sale and purchase agreement in respect of the Property”[note: 15] [underlining
in original omitted].

46 Citing _Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another_ [2009] 2
SLR(R) 332 (“ _Gay Choon Ing_ ”) at [48], Mr Kronenburg argues that an
intention on the offeror’s part to be bound is necessary before a statement
can constitute an offer capable of being accepted, and in turn result (if
accepted) in the formation of a binding contract. He contends that the Written
Offer was not an offer to purchase the Property as the Purchaser clearly did
not intend there to be a binding contract for the sale and purchase of the
Property once the Written Offer was accepted by the Vendors.[note: 16]
Instead, a compliant OTP had to be issued by the Vendors, which OTP must then
be exercised by the Purchaser within the stipulated option period.

The legal character of the Written Offer

47 The first question which one needs to ask in ascertaining whether the Pre-
Option Contract was formed is what exactly the legal character of the Written
Offer was. In our view, it was an offer to purchase an OTP – specifically, a
_compliant_ OTP – on certain terms. This intention of the Purchaser could not
be stated more clearly than in the opening sentence of the Written Offer:

We the undersigned hereby **_offer to purchase_** _[the Property]_ … _at the
purchase price of S$920,000/-_ … subject to the following terms and conditions
… [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

48 Later at cl 4, it was provided (_inter alia_):

Within three (3) Days (i.e. by 4p.m. _13 th February 2010_) the Owner of [the
Property] must either accept or reject this **_offer_** _[to purchase]_
failing which this offer shall lapse. … [underlining in original; emphasis
added in italics and bold italics]

49 By this provision, the Vendors were given only three days from 10 February
(the date of the Written Offer) to consider the Purchaser’s offer. It was a
very definitive deadline. It was also expressly provided that in the event
that the offer was not accepted by the stipulated deadline, the Vendors had to
refund the Option Money, which was enclosed with the Written Offer. The last
sentence of cl 4 stated what the Vendors had to do if they accepted the offer:

… If accepted, the Owner shall deliver to the undersigned the Option duly
signed by the Owner within the stipulated time above.

50 The last paragraph of the Written Offer stated that the enclosed cheque for
$9,200 was to be the Option Money.

51 These terms of the Written Offer clearly indicate that the Vendors could
respond to the Purchaser’s offer by _agreeing_ to grant an OTP on the terms
set out in the Written Offer (_ie_ , a compliant OTP). This response by the
Vendors would be a necessary antecedent to and also distinct from the
Purchaser’s subsequent exercise of the OTP to be granted by the Vendors. A
contract for the sale and purchase of property only comes into being upon the
exercise by the purchaser of a valid OTP.

52 The crux, therefore, is whether, as a matter of law, the Vendors accepted
the Purchaser’s offer to purchase an OTP on the terms set out in the Written
Offer, which include an option period of “3 days” and a completion period of
12 weeks.

Whether there was acceptance of the Written Offer

53 In our view, the Vendors _did_ accept the Written Offer. In this regard,
the second page of the Written Offer is significant. It provided the
following:

![](data:image/png;base64,)

For ease of reference, we shall hereafter refer to this part of the Written
Offer as “the Acknowledgement Block”.

54 There are, as can be seen above, two sections to this block. The first
section relates to the acknowledgement by the Vendors of their receipt of the
cheque for the Option Money. The second section, which has two parts, appears
under the heading “Pursuant to Paragraph 4 above”, which, as will be recalled
(see [6] above), deals with the two possible outcomes of the Purchaser’s
issuance of the Written Offer, namely, acceptance or, alternatively, rejection
of the Written Offer.

55 The two parts of the second section of the Acknowledgement Block reflect
these two possible alternative outcomes. As just mentioned, one possible
outcome is that the Vendors accept the Written Offer. In this situation, the
Vendors would sign the first section of the Acknowledgement Block and would
grant the Purchaser an OTP, _which must be a compliant OTP_. The Purchaser
would then acknowledge her receipt of the (compliant) OTP as specified in the
first part of the second section.

56 The second part of the second section of the Acknowledgement Block is
significant. This part shows the alternative outcome that may result from the
Purchaser’s issuance of the Written Offer, which is that the Vendors reject
the Written Offer, _ie_ , they refuse to issue a compliant OTP to the
Purchaser. If that was what the Vendors had intended to do in the present
case, Mr Woo could simply have signed the second part of the second section of
the Acknowledgement Block and asked his agent to return the Written Offer
(including the cheque for the Option Money) to the Purchaser’s agent, Adrian.
For that matter, Mr Woo need not even have signed any part of the
Acknowledgement Block at all. It would have sufficed for him to simply return
everything to Adrian: the message would have been clear to the Purchaser. Mr
Woo, however, acknowledged the Written Offer and signed the first section of
the Acknowledgement Block.

57 It is here that Mr Kronenburg’s submission that the OTP issued by the
Vendors (in the form of the Option) was a counter-offer breaks down. The fact
of the matter is that the Vendors were willing to and _did accept_ the Written
Offer, as we shall show below.

58 First, the Vendors’ own evidence was that when they were told by Cindy that
the Purchaser’s offer price of $920,000 was in line with the Property’s
prevailing market price, they accepted her advice to sell and proceeded to
instruct her to prepare an OTP. At this point, Cindy, acting as the Vendors’
agent, asked Adrian to prepare the Written Offer.

59 Secondly, Masila prepared the draft OTP (which later became the Option)
only _after_ Adrian had given her the Written Offer. Masila’s evidence was
that as instructed by Cindy, she prepared the terms of the draft OTP “based
on” the Written Offer.[note: 17] This is consistent with Cindy’s evidence that
the purpose of the Written Offer was to specify the terms and conditions which
the Purchaser wanted to have in the OTP to be issued by the Vendors if they
accepted her offer.[note: 18]

60 Thirdly, Mr Woo’s evidence was that when he arrived at Chesney’s office on
11 February to sign the draft OTP prepared by Masila, he found the short
option period stipulated therein unusual, and confirmed with Masila that it
was not erroneous (although this was denied by Masila). He said that he even
made inquiries with his solicitor to ensure that such a short option period
would not pose any problems. His solicitor replied that while it was shorter
than usual, the duration of the option period stipulated in an OTP was a
matter of agreement between the purchaser and the vendor.

61 It was on _that_ basis that Mr Woo left Chesney’s office on 11 February,
having: (a) signed the draft OTP (which then became the Option); (b) accepted
the cheque for the Option Money; and (c) signed the first section of the
Acknowledgment Block. He did not sign the second part of the second section,
which was the part for indicating rejection of the Written Offer. He also
banked in the cheque for the Option Money that same evening. Given these
circumstances, we are hard-pressed to and do not agree with Mr Kronenburg’s
submission that Mr Woo did not consider himself (and by extension, the
Vendors) as having accepted the Written Offer.

62 If the Vendors had wished to introduce terms that were new or different
from those of the Written Offer into the OTP which, having accepted the
Written Offer, they were contractually bound to issue, they should have
_rejected_ the Written Offer by signing the rejection portion of the
Acknowledgement Block (_ie_ , the second part of the second section), or, as
indicated earlier (at [56] above), they could simply have returned the Written
Offer unsigned (together with the cheque for the Option Money) to Adrian. They
would then have been free to specify whatever terms they wished in the OTP
which they issued and offer it to the Purchaser for her consideration. Such an
OTP would then, in legal terms, have been a counter-offer.

63 But, that was not what was done here. If the Vendors had intended to make a
counter-offer but did not wish to see the cheque for the Option Money moving
to and fro, the proper thing for them to have done would have been to further
state that they were holding on to the cheque pending the resolution of the
terms of the OTP to be issued. Mr Woo should also have signed the second part
of the second section of the Acknowledgement Block to indicate the Vendors’
intention to reject the Written Offer. This was not done because, in our view,
that was never what the Vendors intended to do. There is not a doubt that they
were at all material times willing to sell the Property to the Purchaser on
the terms stated in the Written Offer.

64 Reverting to the question that we posed at [44] above, the present case is
quite different from the typical situation under the industry norm. By the
time Mr Woo left Chesney’s office on 11 February, the only conclusion that one
can draw from his (and by extension, the Vendors’) conduct was that the
Vendors had agreed to issue a compliant OTP to the Purchaser. In short, the
Vendors had _accepted_ the Written Offer and the Pre-Option Contract had come
into being. The Vendors no longer had the liberty to issue an OTP with _any
terms_ they wished.

65 We are therefore unable to agree with Mr Kronenburg’s submission that the
introduction of a written offer to purchase with specific terms typically
found in an OTP, such as the Written Offer in the present case, does not alter
the analysis or the legal position of the parties as compared to the normal
situation. Instead, we find (with reference to the question posed at [44]
above) that once the Vendors accepted the Written Offer, a contractual
relationship between the parties – _ie_ , the Pre-Option Contract – arose,
under which the Vendors were legally bound to issue a compliant OTP to the
Purchaser.

66 Indeed, we would go so far as to say that on the evidence, the Vendors
considered that they had, by issuing the Option, granted the Purchaser a
compliant OTP. For instance, when they were informed on 12 February that
Adrian had requested for an amendment of the option period from three days to
14 days, they never once told Cindy that the Option was a counter-offer which
the Purchaser was free to reject. Their response – _viz_ , that they were not
going to amend the option period – speaks volumes, instead, about their
position towards the Option, which was that the Option had been crafted in
that way because that was what the Purchaser had indicated she wanted through
the Written Offer.

67 The further suggestion that Mdm Lum had offered, through Cindy, to refund
the Option Money “as a gesture of goodwill” only underscores the point that
the Vendors considered themselves as having discharged their obligation to
issue a compliant OTP to the Purchaser by granting her the Option. We can see
no other way of interpreting the Vendors’ conduct at all material times.

68 We would reiterate that in the normal scenario where there is no written
offer to purchase (unlike the case here), the vendor is indeed free to
stipulate any term that he likes in the OTP which he grants, in addition to
those terms that have already been orally agreed on (these would typically be
terms relating to the purchase price, the description of the property, the
parties, the amount of money to be paid upon the exercise of the OTP and the
option period).

69 The purchaser or his agent is free to hand the cheque for the option money
(usually set at 1% of the contemplated purchase price) to the vendor or his
agent and take the OTP. If the purchaser or his agent does that, the vendor
would not thereafter have the liberty to sell the property to any other person
during the option period, and the purchaser would have until the expiry of
that period to decide whether to exercise the OTP.

70 Having obtained the OTP, if the purchaser finds that the new or varied
terms (if any) inserted by the vendor into the OTP are not to his liking, or
if he has second thoughts about purchasing the property, he can simply walk
away without exercising the OTP. In that event, the OTP will simply lapse, and
all that the purchaser loses would be the option money, which the vendor is
entitled to forfeit and keep. A contract for the sale and purchase of property
would not, in this scenario, arise. As stated earlier (at [51] above), such a
contract only comes into existence upon the exercise by the purchaser of a
valid OTP.

71 Another submission that ought to be dealt with is Mr Kronenburg’s argument
that in order for the court to find that the Vendors did accept the offer to
purchase set out in the Written Offer, it must be shown that they complied
with the “requirements for acceptance” specified in cl 4, which include
issuing a compliant OTP to the Purchaser.[note: 19] Mr Kronenburg contends
that since the Purchaser claims that the expiry date of the option period
stipulated in the Option was not in accordance with the terms of the Written
Offer, the Vendors did not comply with the “requirements for acceptance”, and
thus, the Written Offer was never accepted. The Option should therefore be
regarded as a counter-offer.

72 The short answer to Mr Kronenburg’s submission is that it is based on a
misunderstanding of cl 4. The requirement in cl 4 that the Vendors “shall
deliver” a compliant OTP is prefaced by the words “If accepted” (see [6] and
[49] above). That, to us, is an important preface because it sets the proper
context for construing what Mr Kronenburg calls the “requirements for
acceptance”. In providing that the Vendors “shall deliver” a compliant OTP if
they accepted the Written Offer, cl 4 was stating the _consequence_ of
accepting the Written Offer; it was not prescribing the mode of demonstrating
acceptance of the Written Offer as such.

Enforceability of a contract to grant an OTP

73 Although, as pointed out earlier, the Pre-Option Contract in this case is
not typical, it is by no means novel. Indeed, this court encountered a similar
pre-option contract in _Joseph Mathew and another v Singh Chiranjeev and
another_ [2010] 1 SLR 338 (“ _Joseph Mathew_ ”). There, the vendors of a
property were negotiating its sale with the purchaser primarily through
e-mails with a property agent. In one of the e-mails, the agent set out the
terms on which the OTP should be granted. The terms included the option
period, the option money of 1% of the purchase price and the completion date.

74 Subsequently, there was a conversation, following which the agent took
steps to send the OTP to the vendors for their signature. This was followed by
an e-mail from one of the vendors indicating his written assent to the sale
and instructing the agent to deposit the option money into his bank account,
which the agent duly did. The OTP was couriered to the vendors at around the
same time. The vendors, however, later changed their minds and decided that
they were not going to sell the property anymore. They communicated that the
option money would be returned to the agent. The vendors ultimately did not
sign the OTP. The purchaser then sued the vendors for breach of a contract to
grant an OTP.

75 The High Court ordered the vendors to sign and grant an OTP to the
purchaser (see _Singh Chiranjeev and another v Joseph Mathew and others_
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 73). The vendors’ appeal against the High Court’s decision was
dismissed by this court. There was no doubt in this court’s mind that a (pre-
option) contract for the grant of an OTP could be validly formed and binding
on the parties (see [22] of _Joseph Mathew_).

76 The above principle was applied in the later case of _Ong Kok Ming (alias
Ong Henardi) v Happy Valley Holdings Pte Ltd and another_ [2011] SGHC 199, a
decision of the High Court. There, the contract to procure an OTP was
concluded over a lunch meeting. The purchaser believed that the parties had
reached an agreement on the purchase price of the property, even though he had
mentioned to the vendor that the funds which he needed to exercise the OTP
would only be arriving some two months later, sometime in October 2009. At the
end of the lunch meeting, the purchaser informed the vendor that he would pay
the option money of 1% of the purchase price immediately, but, for some
administrative reason, he was told to pay the option money the following day
instead, which he did.

77 When the purchaser received the draft OTP from the vendor, he noticed that
it stated that the offer set out therein was to be exercised within 14 days,
_ie_ , in September 2009, instead of in October 2009. The parties could not
resolve the difference and the purchaser never received a formal OTP. Shortly
thereafter, a third party made a higher offer for the property to the vendor,
which the latter accepted. The vendor tried to refund the option money to the
purchaser, but the latter refused to accept it and, instead, sued the vendor
for breach of the contract to issue an OTP.

78 The main point raised by the vendor was that the alleged contract for the
grant of an OTP was insufficiently complete because, amongst other things, the
purchase price of the property had not been agreed upon as the purchaser had
said that he needed to check with his wife about the purchase; furthermore,
the option period and the completion date had not been agreed upon. The High
Court judge rejected these contentions and held (at [39]) that the “main terms
of the [OTP], _ie_ , price, parties and property had been agreed”. Although
there were outstanding details which had yet to be agreed upon, she held that
they were not insuperable difficulties because there was some kind of
understanding between the parties as to those details, and in respect of those
details which were indeed uncertain, the parties did not appear to be
concerned.

Uncertainty in the Written Offer

79 We now turn to address the Vendors’ argument that even accepting that in a
proper case, there can be a (pre-option) contract for the grant of an OTP,
because of uncertainties in the terms of the Written Offer, such a contract
could not have arisen here. Before this court, Mr Kronenburg cited “Option
Period: 3 days” and “Completion Period: 12 weeks”, and questioned what each
term meant. He said that the two terms were each capable of bearing different
interpretations.

80 With respect, this argument is a non-starter. We do not think the meanings
of the expressions “Option Period” and “Completion Period” as used in the
Written Offer are ambiguous in the context of a proposed transaction for the
sale and purchase of property.

81 In relation to the option period of “3 days”, while it is true that this
prescription could mean either three calendar days or three working days, it
is clear that in the context of the Written Offer, “3 days” must mean three
_calendar_ days. It will be recalled that the Vendors were similarly given,
under cl 4 of the Written Offer, three days to consider whether to accept the
Purchaser’s offer to purchase the Property. The Judge held that that meant
three calendar days. We agree with the Judge. This sense comes out clearly
from cl 4 itself. This can be seen from the fact that cl 4 stated that the
three-day period would expire at 4.00pm on 13 February – _ie_ , in relation to
the date of the Written Offer (10 February), the three-day period comprised:
(a) 10 to 11 February as Day 1; (b) 11 to 12 February as Day 2; and (c) 12 to
13 February as Day 3. Although 13 February, a _Saturday_ , was a _non_
-working day, that did not prevent it from being stipulated as the expiry date
for acceptance of the Written Offer.

82 It must follow, as a matter of logic and reasonableness (unless there is an
express contrary indication), that “3 days” in the context of the provision
“Option Period: 3 days” should similarly mean three _calendar_ days. We think
the Judge’s holding on this point is correct. In any event, as recognised in
_Gay Choon Ing_ (at [50]), the requirement of certainty and completeness of
terms does not render all contracts with gaps invalid, and “possible gaps may
be filled by a previous course of dealing or by trade practice”.

83 The next alleged ambiguity concerns the commencement date of the three-day
option period. We do not see this as a gap which would fatally undermine
certainty. At most, it is only a matter of contractual construction, and for
this purpose, common sense as well as accepted market practices would be
useful aids. Obviously, the three days cannot begin to run earlier than the
date on which the Purchaser’s agent, Adrian, was informed that the Option was
available for collection (as mentioned at [10] above, only Adrian was informed
when the Option was available for collection; the Purchaser herself was not
notified).

84 As for the prescription of 12 weeks for completion, we are absolutely
baffled as to why Mr Kronenburg even raised the point of uncertainty. We are
unable to see any ambiguity there. The 12 weeks must be reckoned from the date
of the Purchaser’s exercise of the Option (assuming the Option had been a
compliant OTP). In our opinion, this is again a wholly unmeritorious
submission.

85 At this point, it is convenient for us to deal with the contention by Mr
Christopher Anand Daniel (“Mr Daniel”), the Purchaser’s counsel, that it is
reasonable to construe the three-day option period stated in the Option (as
opposed to that stated in the Written Offer) to mean not merely three calendar
days, but three working days. Mr Daniel says that the objective circumstances
dictate that such a construction should be adopted. He points to the fact that
13 February was a Saturday and the eve of the Chinese New Year holidays, while
14 February was a Sunday and the first day of the Chinese New Year, followed
by 15 and 16 February being public holidays.[note: 20] His argument is that
the parties could not have intended to provide for the Option to expire on a
date on which its exercise was impossible. Indeed, it seems undisputed that
the office of the Vendors’ solicitor was not open on 14, 15 and 16 February
(nor, for that matter, on 17 February).

86 We do not think this constructional point matters. This is because if the
Option had in fact stated that it should be exercised by 15 February (being
the expiry date calculated based on three calendar days from 12 February, the
date on which Adrian was informed that the Option was available for
collection), the responsibility would have fallen upon the Vendors to ensure
that their solicitor’s office remained open on that day for the Purchaser to
exercise the Option. If the Purchaser had been prevented from exercising the
Option on that day because the office of the Vendors’ solicitor was closed,
the Vendors would have had to bear liability for that default. Of course, an
OTP that was to be exercised by 15 February was never issued by the Vendors to
the Purchaser, and so, this question is academic.

Intention to create legal relations

87 On the issue of intention to create legal relations, Mr Kronenburg submits
that there was no intention to create a legal relationship between the parties
via the Purchaser’s issuance of the Written Offer and the Vendors’ response to
it. He relies in this regard on _Lim Koon Hai and another v Alex Yeo Siak
Chuan and another_ [2013] SGHC 90 (“ _Lim Koon Hai_ ”). Although Mr Kronenburg
couched his submission on this point in terms of a lack of intention to create
legal relations, the real nub of his argument appears to be that letters
setting out offers to purchase property (“offer-to-purchase letters”), such as
the Written Offer in the present case, are not capable of becoming legally
binding whatsoever.[note: 21]

88 The flaw in this submission by Mr Kronenburg stems from his conflation of:
(a) a contract for the grant of an OTP; with (b) a contract for the sale and
purchase of property. The latter comes into being only after a valid OTP is
exercised by the purchaser. Mr Kronenburg’s premise seems to be that only one
kind of document (namely, an OTP) coupled with a corresponding act (namely,
acceptance and exercise of the OTP) is capable of binding the parties to a
transaction for the sale and purchase of property. However, as shown in
_Joseph Mathew_ , that is not necessarily the case. Indeed, this court in
_Joseph Mathews_ observed (at [21]) that on the facts of that case, “needless
to say … an intention to create legal relations was … present”.

89 There is nothing in _Lim Koon Hai_ which discusses the nature of an offer-
to-purchase letter either in general or specifically in relation to the
contractual requirement of an intention to create legal relations. The
passages which Mr Kronenburg has referred to show, at most, the court’s
observation that it is unclear whether offer-to-purchase letters are an
industry-wide practice (see [67] of _Lim Koon Hai_).

90 The central legal issue in _Lim Koon Hai_ related to rectification of an
alleged mistake in the OTP concerned. The facts of that case are similar to
the present facts in some but not all respects. In particular, the offer-to-
purchase letter and the circumstances surrounding the offer and acceptance in
that case are eerily similar to the Written Offer and the Vendors’ response to
that offer here.

91 The offer-to-purchase letter in _Lim Koon Hai_ was prepared on 14 August
2012, and the offer to purchase contained therein was open for acceptance by
the vendors until 16 August 2012. The offer-to-purchase letter stated that the
option period (if the offer was accepted) was to be 14 days. However, when the
purchasers’ agent drafted the OTP (which was dated 15 August 2012), instead of
stating that it was open for acceptance for 14 days, he erroneously provided
that it had to be exercised by 16 August 2012, a mere one day later. The
vendors signed the OTP and returned it to the purchasers’ agent on either 15
or 16 August 2012; the purchasers’ agent then gave it to the purchasers. No
one noticed the mistake until sometime later. When the purchasers subsequently
tried to exercise the OTP on 28 August 2012 (which would have been within 14
days from 15 August 2012 if the OTP had been correctly drafted), the vendors
refused to accept the exercise. The purchasers then sought rectification of
the date for acceptance stipulated in the OTP and specific performance of the
OTP.

92 In those circumstances, the question of the nature of an offer-to-purchase
letter did not arise as an issue. In fact, there was a dispute as to whether
the vendors even had sight of the offer-to-purchase letter in question. The
court found that the witnesses for the purchasers were not particularly
credible, and eventually held that the offer-to-purchase letter was never even
given or shown to the vendors (see [18] and [51] of _Lim Koon Hai_). For that
reason, it was understandable why the court in _Lim Koon Hai_ held that there
was no agreement arising from the offer-to-purchase letter.

93 There is no such dispute in the present case. Unlike the vendors in _Lim
Koon Hai_ , the Vendors in the present case did not merely have sight of the
Written Offer. As we pointed out above at [57]–[67], the Vendors acted in a
manner which was consistent only with their acceptance of the Written Offer.
Mr Kronenburg’s reliance on _Lim Koon Hai_ is therefore misplaced.

Consideration

94 Finally, the Vendors raise a highly technical point – namely, that the lack
of consideration for the Pre-Option Contract prevents it from becoming legally
enforceable. Their argument here is that the cheque for the Option Money was
consideration only for the OTP to be issued by the Vendors if they accepted
the Written Offer (which OTP was ultimately issued in the form of the Option);
it was not consideration for the Pre-Option Contract. No consideration was
given for the promise by the Vendors to grant a compliant OTP to the
Purchaser.

95 It is trite that consideration from the promisee is a necessary condition
for the promisee’s enforcement of the promisor’s obligation. However, the
contractual impediment of lack of consideration simply does not obtain here.
We do not agree with the Vendors’ myopic, blinkered characterisation of the
transaction in the present case.

96 The Pre-Option Contract is so inseparably linked to the grant of the Option
that the entire transaction must be viewed as a continuum. The $9,200 paid by
the Purchaser to the Vendors was consideration for the Pre-Option Contract as
much as for the Option. On the coming into existence of the Pre-Option
Contract, the issuance of the Option would, on the facts of this case, become
a formality. _Joseph Mathew_ is a case on point, although it would appear that
the issue of lack of consideration was not raised there. In our view, that
issue was not so raised because it would have been wholly unmeritorious.

97 What we have just stated is entirely consistent with Russell LJ’s remark in
_Williams v Roffey Bros & Nicholls (Contractors) Ltd_ [1991] 1 QB 1 (at 18)
that:

… [I]n my judgment, the courts nowadays should be more ready to find [the]
existence [of consideration] so as to reflect the intention of the parties to
the contract where the bargaining powers are not unequal and where the finding
of consideration reflect the true intention of the parties.

This view was adopted by our High Court in _Chwee Kin Keong and others v
Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 594, where it was stated at [139]
that “the modern approach in contract law requires very little to find the
existence of consideration”.

98 Returning to the points made earlier at [53]–[67] above, Mr Woo, on behalf
of the Vendors, accepted and banked in the cheque for the Option Money on 11
February because the Vendors had accepted the Written Offer and were prepared
to grant the Purchaser a compliant OTP. The Vendors did not reject the Written
Offer and make a counter-offer to the Purchaser by way of the Option, even
though that was not a compliant OTP for the reasons set out at [102]–[105]
below.

99 Thus, we cannot see any reason why the Option Money could not or should not
also be regarded as consideration for the Vendors’ promise to grant the
Purchaser a compliant OTP.

Whether the Vendors were in breach of the Pre-Option Contract

Conformity of the Option with the terms of the Pre-Option Contract

100 Having found that the Written Offer was accepted by Mr Woo on behalf of
the Vendors on 11 February such that a binding contract – _viz_ , the Pre-
Option Contract – came into existence, we now turn to consider whether the
Option (the OTP granted by the Vendors pursuant to their acceptance of the
Written Offer) conformed with the terms of the Pre-Option Contract as set out
in the Written Offer. This is purely a constructional issue: how should the
Vendors’ obligations under the Pre-Option Contract be construed? Specifically,
what were the Vendors’ obligations _vis-à-vis_ the option period that was to
be stipulated in the Option?

101 Although Mr Woo (on behalf of the Vendors) signed the draft OTP (which
then became the Option) on the evening of 11 February, it is common ground
that the Purchaser’s agent, Adrian, was told only on 12 February that the
Option was available for collection. Therefore, effectively, the Purchaser was
only given one day (comprising the period 12–13 February) to exercise the
Option as it was stated to lapse at 4.00pm on 13 February. That was
inconsistent with cl 1 of the Written Offer, which provided for an option
period of “3 days” (see [6] above).

102 In our judgment, the option period of “3 days” meant that the Purchaser
should have three calendar days, counted from the date on which Adrian was
notified that the Option was ready for collection, to exercise the Option (see
[83] above). To comply with that three-day requirement, the Option should have
been expressed to be valid until 15 February, with 12–13 February constituting
Day 1 of the three-day period, 13–14 February constituting Day 2 and 14–15
February constituting Day 3.

103 Although there was some suggestion (by Cindy) that the option period
stipulated in an OTP usually starts from and includes the date of the OTP,
_with Day 1 of the option period ending on that date itself_ , we do not think
that can be the proper way of computing an option period. Using an approach
that counts the first day of an option period as starting _and also ending_ on
the date of the OTP itself may, in some cases, mean that by the time the
purchaser receives the OTP, it could already have expired. That goes against
every grain of common sense, especially since the option period is of grave
importance to purchasers as most purchasers would want to use that window to
arrange their finances before exercising the OTP. Thus, it would require very
clear and express words to that effect in the relevant contract – be it a pre-
option contract to grant an OTP (like the Pre-Option Contract in the present
case, premised as it was on an antecedent written offer to purchase in the
form of the Written Offer) or the OTP itself – before a court will treat Day 1
of an option period as starting _and also ending_ on the date of the OTP.

104 There is one other factor in this case which militates against adopting
such a computation of the option period stated in the Option, and this lies in
the Written Offer. It will be recalled that the Purchaser gave the Vendors
three days to consider the Written Offer. It is significant to see how the
Purchaser counted that three-day period in relation to the date of the Written
Offer (_viz_ , 10 February) – that three-day period was stated to end at
4.00pm on 13 February. This indicates that the Purchaser treated Day 1 of that
period as comprising 10–11 February (see [81] above) – _ie_ , she regarded Day
1 of that period as ending _not_ on the date of the Written Offer itself, but
on 11 February, one day _after_ the date of the Written Offer. Similarly, the
Purchaser considered Day 2 of the three-day period to be 11–12 February, with
Day 2 ending on 12 February, and Day 3 to be 12–13 February, with Day 3 ending
on 13 February.

105 Hence, by issuing an OTP (in the form of the Option) expiring on 13
February, which effectively gave the Purchaser only one day instead of three
days to exercise the Option, the Vendors breached their obligations under the
Pre-Option Contract.

Whether the Vendors have any defences to liability

106 Although the Vendors were in breach of the Pre-Option Contract, they may
yet avoid liability if they are able to avail themselves of a recognised
defence. In the present case, the Vendors have raised two possible defences –
causation, and waiver of breach or estoppel.

Causation

107 In relation to their causation defence, the Vendors contend that the
Purchaser has not proved a causative link between their failure to grant her a
compliant OTP and her alleged loss. Their point is that even if they had
issued a compliant OTP, the Purchaser would not have been in a position to
exercise that OTP as she did not have the requisite financial resources to do
so at the material time.[note: 22]

108 The Judge held (at [58] of the Judgment) that “there was no evidence that
the [Purchaser] was not in a position to exercise [an OTP] … which complied
with the [Written] Offer”. Mr Kronenburg says that by this statement, the
Judge appeared to have reversed the burden of proof as the burden always lies
on the party who claims damages to prove his claim.

109 As we see it, there is no merit to this point at all. On 17 February, the
first working day immediately after the Chinese New Year holidays in 2010, the
Purchaser sought to exercise the Option (even though it was not a compliant
OTP), but was unsuccessful because the office of the Vendors’ solicitor was
still closed on that day. 14, 15 and 16 February, being public holidays, were
also non-banking days. It seems to us that if the Purchaser had the financial
means in her bank account to exercise the Option on 17 February, it must
follow that she had the financial ability to do likewise on 15 February. The
Purchaser could not have done anything on 15 and 16 February to shore up the
balance in her bank account as those were non-banking days.

110 We do not think that the Judge, by the statement quoted at [108] above,
intended to reverse the burden of proof. That was no more than a statement of
fact that there was no contrary evidence against the Purchaser. We would only
underscore that in that same paragraph of the Judgment (_viz_ , [58] of the
Judgment), the Judge went on to refer to evidence which indicated that the
Purchaser had the wherewithal to exercise the Option by 12.29pm on 12
February.

Waiver of breach or estoppel

111 Another point raised by the Vendors as a defence is that the Purchaser
waived their breach of the Pre-Option Contract, or is otherwise estopped from
claiming that the Option was not a compliant OTP.

112 Mr Kronenburg’s contention in this regard is that the Purchaser’s failure
to reject or protest against the Option after receiving it and her subsequent
attempts to exercise the Option amounted to an “election that she did not
regard the Option as being defective”.[note: 23] Her conduct, Mr Kronenburg
submits, suggested that she intended to proceed with the sale and purchase of
the Property on the basis of the Option even though, from her perspective, it
was not a compliant OTP where the option period was concerned. As a result,
the Vendors were led to believe that the Purchaser was happy with the terms of
the Option. Accordingly, Mr Kronenburg contends, it is inequitable to now
allow the Purchaser to resile from the course of action which she took after
receiving the Option.

113 In making this submission, Mr Kronenburg relies on _Chai Cher Watt
(trading as Chuang Aik Engineering Works) v SDL Technologies Pte Ltd_ [2012] 1
SLR 152 (“ _Chai Cher Watt_ ”) and _Aero-Gate Pte Ltd v Engen Marine
Engineering Pte Ltd_ [2013] 4 SLR 409 (“ _Aero-Gate_ ”). These cases are,
however, hardly relevant. Both _Chai Cher Watt_ and _Aero-Gate_ clarify that
the doctrine of waiver by election operates to preclude an innocent party from
terminating a contract for repudiatory breach. This is not the scenario which
we are concerned with here.

114 In any event, we do not see how any question of election can arise here.
The principles governing election were succinctly summarised in _Aero-Gate_
(at [42]) as follows:

First, the innocent party must have acted in a manner consistent only with
affirming the contract, _ie_ , treating the contract as still alive: see the
decision of Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in _The Pacific Vigorous_ [2006] 3 SLR(R)
374 at [15]. Second, the innocent party must have communicated his election,
_ie_ , his choice to affirm the contract, to the party in breach in clear and
unequivocal terms: see [_Motor Oil Hellas (Corinth) Refineries SA v Shipping
Corporation of India (The Kanchenjunga)_ [1990] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 391] at 398.
Third, because the element of choice is essential, there must be sufficient
knowledge on the part of the innocent party. He must at least be aware of the
facts giving rise to his right to terminate the contract before his subsequent
conduct will be taken as amounting to an election.

115 On the facts, we find it surprising that this submission on election was
even made as it can hardly be said that the Purchaser elected to accept the
Vendors’ breach of the Pre-Option Contract or otherwise waived her right to
make a claim against the Vendors for such breach. Mr Kronenburg’s submission
seems to suggest that the Purchaser ought not to have even tried to exercise
the Option on 17 February. We do not understand how her attempt to exercise
the Option as soon as possible after the Chinese New Year holidays were over
could reasonably give the Vendors the impression that she was happy about the
terms of the Option being inconsistent with the terms of the Written Offer.

116 Moreover, it was always the Purchaser’s case that the Vendors (through
their agent) had made the Representation, which she (through her agent,
Adrian) relied upon in attempting to exercise the Option on 17 February. The
Vendors might not have known of the fact that their agent might have made the
Representation, but they would nonetheless have been bound by that
representation if it had indeed been made. The fact that the Judge found that
no such representation was made by the Vendors’ agent does not alter the fact
that the Purchaser and/or Adrian thought that the Representation had been
made.

117 In any event, given the dispute of fact as to whether the Representation
was made by the Vendors’ agent, we do not see how the Vendors can assert that
the Purchaser elected to accept the Option even though it was not a compliant
OTP. In the circumstances, we do not see how waiver or estoppel can arise.
Neither do we find it inequitable for the Purchaser to claim that the Vendors
breached their obligations under the Pre-Option Contract in granting her an
OTP (in the form of the Option) which was not a compliant OTP.

Whether the Representation was made

118 As mentioned earlier at [31] above, on the question of whether the
Representation was made by Chesney, through Cindy, to the Purchaser’s agent,
Adrian, the Judge found Adrian to be a less reliable witness than Cindy as
well as Masila, and thus ruled against the Purchaser. Before us, the Purchaser
submits that the Judge erred in his determination.

119 To recapitulate, the Representation, which was allegedly made by Cindy to
Adrian in a telephone call at around 11.55am on 13 February, was that the
Purchaser would have until 19 February – three working days from 13 February,
the date on which the Option was delivered to Adrian (see [14(a)] and [15]
above) – to exercise the Option. The Judge’s finding that the Representation
was not made was obviously a finding of fact. In the light of our
determination that the OTP granted by the Vendors to the Purchaser (_ie_ , the
Option) was not a compliant OTP, this factual point as to whether or not the
Representation was made does not make any difference to the outcome of CA
83/2013 (which relates to the breach of contract limb of the Purchaser’s
claim), and affects only the outcome of CA 84/2013.

120 In our view, given the Purchaser’s pleadings on and the evidence relating
to the Representation, the Judge was right to find that that representation
was not made. This can be seen from the following factors:

(a) First, the Purchaser’s pleadings and Adrian’s evidence leave some doubt as
to whether the Representation was made by Masila or Cindy.[note: 24]

(b) Second, if the Representation was indeed made to Adrian at around 11.55am
on 13 February, why did Cindy and Masila make several calls to him thereafter
asking him to collect the Option?

(c) Third, interestingly, if the Representation was indeed made, why was it
that Adrian did not inform the Purchaser on 13 February itself that the
Vendors had agreed to extend the deadline for exercising the Option until 19
February, a matter which must have been of great concern to the Purchaser? The
Purchaser could not recall Adrian having told her on 13 February about the
Representation.

(d) Fourth, the Purchaser’s evidence was that when she and Adrian attended at
her solicitor’s office on 17 February, Adrian explained to the solicitor that
the 13 February deadline stated in the Option was a typographical error. He
did not say that that deadline was immaterial in the light of the
Representation. This casts doubt on Adrian’s evidence (at [16] above) that on
that occasion, he informed the Purchaser’s solicitor about the Representation.

121 The only factor which, arguably, supports the Purchaser’s allegation that
the Representation was made is that Adrian appeared to take his time to
collect the Option after the Vendors indicated on 13 February that they would
not be amending the option period stated therein. He collected it on that day
only at either 3.00pm (according to his evidence) or shortly after 5.22pm
(according to Masila’s evidence). This late collection suggests that some
representation was made to Adrian to render the 13 February, 4.00pm deadline
unimportant. By 5.22pm on 13 February, the deadline for exercising the Option
had already lapsed. Even on Adrian’s evidence that he collected the Option at
3.00pm that day, that was still very late, considering that there was just one
hour left for the Purchaser to exercise the Option. However, this factor is,
in our view, outweighed by the other factors mentioned at [120] above. Thus,
we do not think the Judge erred in finding that the Representation was not
made.

What is the appropriate remedy for the Purchaser?

Whether there should be a refund of the Option Money

122 Turning to the remedies granted in the court below, first, the Judge
ordered the Vendors to refund the Option Money to the Purchaser. Mr Kronenburg
submits that such a refund should not have been ordered because the court
should have awarded the Purchaser damages for either total failure of
consideration or expectation loss, but not for both.[note: 25] To that, Mr
Daniel argues that the refund of the Option Money is warranted because the
Purchaser can no longer buy and own the Property since it has already been
sold to an innocent third party, such that specific performance can no longer
be ordered against the Vendors.

123 It seems to us that neither party has properly understood the basis upon
which the Judge ordered the refund of the Option Money. It was to place the
Purchaser in the position which she would have been in if the Pre-Option
Contract had been performed and had eventually led to the sale of the Property
to her. We think the position is best explained by way of an example.

124 Suppose that the sale of the Property had been completed at the agreed
price of $920,000 and the Property had appreciated in value to $1m on the
completion date. Suppose, further, that on that same day, the Purchaser had
decided to reap her profit by selling the Property. The net position of the
Purchaser would have been a gain of $80,000, besides recovering her capital
expenditure of $920,000.

125 Flowing on from our decision that the Vendors breached their obligations
under the Pre-Option Contract, merely awarding the Purchaser the sum of
$80,000 as damages would not be adequate because it fails to take into account
the Option Money, which the Vendors were still holding at the time the
Purchaser commenced the Originating Suit. Unless the Option Money is refunded
to the Purchaser, an award of damages of $80,000 would short-change her as she
would in fact receive only $70,800 as damages, and not the $80,000 which she
would have obtained had the Pre-Option Contract been performed.

126 There are two ways in which the Purchaser’s total loss can be remedied.
One would be by taking the Judge’s approach of ordering a refund of the Option
Money in addition to awarding damages (under the example given above, that
would mean awarding the Purchaser a separate sum of $80,000 as damages on top
of the sum of $9,200). The other way would be by adding the Option Money to
the sum of $80,000, with the total (_viz_ , $89,200) representing the loss
suffered by the Purchaser on account of the Vendors’ breach of the Pre-Option
Contract. In either case, there is no windfall of $9,200 as the Option Money,
which would have been used to pay for part of the purchase price if the sale
and purchase of the Property had gone through, was paid over to the Vendors,
but the envisaged sale and purchase did not eventually materialise.

127 On the evidence available before him, the Judge was unable to ascertain
the loss suffered by the Purchaser in terms of the enhancement (if any) in the
market value of the Property as at the putative date of completion, and
accordingly ordered that that loss be separately assessed. What the Judge did
was to order a refund of the Option Money first, with the separate assessment
of damages to be carried out later (in relation to the said enhancement, if
any, in the market value of the Property). Undoubtedly, when the assistant
registrar conducts the assessment of damages, he would be alive to the fact
that the Option Money has already been ordered to be refunded, and would not
add that sum into the computation of the total damages suffered by the
Purchaser; otherwise, there would be double recovery as far as the Option
Money is concerned.

128 In the result, we do not think that the Judge was wrong to have ordered
the refund of the Option Money to the Purchaser.

Whether there should be a separate assessment of damages

129 We next turn to Mr Daniel’s contention, on behalf of the Purchaser, that
the Judge should have allowed the Purchaser to adduce further evidence at the
trial itself to prove her loss. We are completely nonplussed by this point
when what the Judge ordered was for the damages suffered by the Purchaser to
be assessed as at the putative date of completion.

130 We do not understand how this order could be viewed as being adverse to
the Purchaser. It is difficult to understand what prejudice the Purchaser has
suffered or might possibly suffer as a result of the order for a separate
assessment of damages. It is not as though the Judge awarded the Purchaser
only nominal damages for failing to show at the trial what the market value of
the Property was as at the putative date of completion. If, at all, anyone
could complain, it would be the Vendors, who could be said to have been
disadvantaged by the order, and who could have appealed against it but have
not.

131 A case relied upon by Mr Daniel in relation to his contention is
_Beckett_. However, for essentially the reasons provided by Mr
Kronenburg,[note: 26]_Beckett_ is entirely distinguishable and Mr Daniel’s
reliance on the case is thus misplaced. It suffices to draw attention to just
one key distinction.

132 The relevant issue in _Beckett_ was the trial judge’s interpretation of
the type of loss which needed to be proved at the trial following a
bifurcation order made before the trial. He held that under that order, the
plaintiff had to adduce all its evidence in relation to a particular type of
loss at the trial itself, and not later at a separate assessment of damages
after the trial. Since the plaintiff did not adduce any evidence for that type
of loss at the trial, that loss was not established and the plaintiff was only
entitled to nominal damages for it. On appeal, this court disagreed with the
trial judge’s interpretation of the bifurcation order. Clearly, _Beckett_ is
hardly a relevant case for our present purposes.

The date which should be adopted as the reference point for assessing damages

133 Finally, the last issue in respect of the appropriate remedy for the
Purchaser is whether the damages awarded to her should be assessed by
reference to the difference between the contract price and the market value of
the Property as at: (a) the date of the Vendors’ breach of the Pre-Option
Contract; or (b) the date of judgment; or (c) the putative date of completion.
The Judge held that the proper date to adopt should be (c), that is, the
putative date of completion. Both parties are appealing against this holding,
with the Vendors contending that the appropriate date should be the date of
breach and the Purchaser, that it should be the date of judgment.

134 Mr Kronenburg submits that the date of the Vendors’ breach of the Pre-
Option Contract is more apposite because this case concerns a contract for the
grant of an OTP, and not a contract for the sale and purchase of property. We
note that while, on this point, Mr Kronenburg has finally recognised the
distinction between these two types of contract (a distinction which he did
not seem to appreciate and/or accept when discussing whether a contract for
the grant of an OTP (in the form of the Pre-Option Contract) came into being
in this case (see [88] above)), his submission fails to appreciate that in the
present circumstances, since the Pre-Option Contract has been breached, the
expectation loss is necessarily the value which the Purchaser has lost as a
result of her inability to exercise the Option (which she had the wherewithal
to do) and purchase the Property. That value is the difference between the
contract price and the market value of the Property as at the putative date of
completion.

135 There is also little merit to Mr Daniel’s submission that the Judge should
have used the date of judgment instead of the putative date of completion as
the reference point for assessing damages. The premise of this submission is
that the Vendors’ fault justifies adopting the date of judgment as the
relevant date as that would (presumably) yield a larger sum. The assumption
here seems to be that the property market will always rise, although, in the
light of the recent property cooling measures adopted by the Government, the
converse could also happen.

136 The primary fault or objectionable conduct adverted to by the Purchaser is
the Vendors’ failure to disclose to her that the Property was subsequently
sold in July 2010 to an innocent third party. Mr Woo’s response, when cross-
examined, was that the sale was public information. Mr Daniel calls his
attitude “cavalier”.[note: 27] But, the Purchaser could have protected her
position by lodging a caveat against the Property; that, she did not do.
Moreover, as the parties’ solicitors stopped corresponding after 10 March, the
Vendors were legitimately entitled to think that the Purchaser had realised
that she had lost her right to purchase the Property, especially since she had
also not lodged any caveat against the Property.

137 The sale of a property is a matter of public record, and if the Purchaser
had at any time been concerned about the status of the Property, she could
have obtained the information by doing a simple search at the Singapore Land
Authority. There was nothing objectionable about the Vendors’ conduct in
selling the Property following what seemed like a total cessation of
correspondence between the parties.

Final observations

138 There is one final point which we need to touch on before we conclude this
judgment. During the course of the hearing, we raised the question of whether
the Written Offer contained all the necessary terms for the formation of a
(pre-option) contract for the grant of an OTP. After the conclusion of the
oral hearing before us, the parties were also given the opportunity to make
further written submissions on this issue.

139 The specific point which we had a query on concerned the fact that the
Written Offer did not spell out what would be the sum payable on the exercise
of the OTP to be granted by the Vendors if they accepted the Written Offer. It
is settled law that for a contract for the sale and purchase of property to
come into being, three things must be agreed on: the parties, the property and
the purchase price. A contract without terms dealing with these three matters
would be incomplete. Of course, the contract must also be evidenced in writing
to satisfy s 6(_d_) of the Civil Law Act. In a similar vein, for a valid
contract for the grant of an OTP to arise, the parties, the property, the
purchase price as well as the amount payable upon the purchaser’s exercise of
the OTP to be granted must be agreed on (in addition to satisfying s 6(_d_) of
the Civil Law Act).

140 An offer to purchase an OTP, if accepted, results in the formation of a
(pre-option) contract for the grant of an OTP, which would ordinarily be
exercised. This being the case, there is genuine doubt as to whether the
Written Offer (the offer to purchase an OTP in the present case) was
sufficiently complete to give rise, upon its acceptance, to a valid contract
for the grant of an OTP without stipulating the sum that was payable upon the
exercise of the OTP to be granted. Without such a stipulation in a contract
for the grant of an OTP, there would be uncertainty as to what sum of money
the vendor may require from the purchaser upon the latter’s exercise of the
OTP.

141 In Mr Daniel’s further submissions, he drew the court’s attention to the
fact that incompleteness of the Written Offer, as the document setting out the
terms of the Pre-Option Contract, was never raised in the Vendors’ pleadings,
and neither was it raised in the Vendors’ Case in CA 83/2013. He submitted
that it would be “patently unfair” to allow this issue to affect the outcome
of the present appeals. Mr Daniel appears to be saying that if this issue had
been raised in the Vendors’ pleadings, the Purchaser could have adduced
evidence to show the industry norm in this regard.

142 We appreciate the difference which further and more direct evidence could
make to a finding on the completeness (or otherwise) of the Written Offer as
the document setting out the terms of the Pre-Option Contract, which arose
between the parties upon the Vendors’ acceptance of the Written Offer. We also
appreciate that it is the Vendors’ decision not to plead this issue, and not
the Purchaser’s inability to lead evidence on it, that has limited this
court’s ability to fully consider and adjudicate on it.

143 Moreover, we find it particularly significant that in relation to the OTP
which was actually issued by the Vendors (_ie_ , the Option), there was no
dispute between the parties as to the terms therein, except for the stipulated
option period. Adrian did not express any surprise that the sum to be paid by
the Purchaser on the exercise of the Option was 5% of the purchase price of
$920,000, less the Option Money. In our view, that speaks volumes about the
industry norm, which must have been acting on the parties’ minds at the
material time. The parties, as between themselves, were clearly _ad idem_
about the sum which the Purchaser had to pay upon exercising the Option. It is
impossible for us to arrive at any other conclusion even on the basis of the
available evidence.

144 In the circumstances, we do not think we should allow the issue of the
completeness (or otherwise) of the Written Offer, as the document setting out
the terms of the Pre-Option Contract, to affect the outcome of the present
appeals; otherwise, the Purchaser would be unfairly prejudiced.

145 We would, however, caution that our conclusion on this issue is tied to
the specific facts of this case. If contracts for the grant of an OTP become
more prevalent and if a similar dispute is argued more comprehensively before
this court in a future case, there may be a different answer to the question
of whether the absence of a term in a contract for the grant of an OTP (or a
document setting out the terms of such a contract) stipulating the amount
payable on the exercise of the OTP to be granted is fatal to the completeness
of that contract.

Conclusion

146 In the result, we dismiss both CA 83/2013 and CA 84/2013. As regards
costs, having looked at both appeals in the round and after setting off the
costs of one appeal against the other, we order the Vendors to bear 50% of the
Purchaser’s costs in relation to CA 83/2013. We make no costs order in
relation to CA 84/2013. The usual consequential orders will apply.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle for CA 83/2013 (“CA 83 ACB”) vol II at pp
9–10.

[note: 2]CA 83 ACB vol II at p 15.

[note: 3]CA 83 ACB vol II at pp 16–20.

[note: 4]CA 83 ACB vol II at p 16.

[note: 5]CA 83 ACB vol II at p 10.

[note: 6]Joint Record of Appeal (“Joint RA”) vol 3D at p 185 (line 27) to p
188 (line 20).

[note: 7]Joint RA vol 3A at p 260, para 18.

[note: 8]Joint RA vol 3D at p 285 (line 27) to p 286 (line 7).

[note: 9]Joint RA vol 3B at p 91 (lines 8–24).

[note: 10]CA 83 ACB vol II at p 43.

[note: 11]Joint RA vol 2 at pp 74–84.

[note: 12]Joint RA vol 2 at pp 86–97.

[note: 13]Joint RA vol 2 at pp 123–131.

[note: 14]Joint RA vol 2 at pp 133–140.

[note: 15]Appellants’ Case for CA 83/2013 (“CA 83 AC”) at para 8.

[note: 16]CA 83 AC at para 9.

[note: 17]Joint RA vol 3B at p 9, para 8.

[note: 18]Joint RA vol 3D at p 200 (p 40 of the certified transcript of the
hearing on Day 5 of the trial).

[note: 19]CA 83 AC at para 24.

[note: 20]Appellant’s Case for CA 84/2013 (“CA 84 AC”) at paras 16–22.

[note: 21]CA 83 AC at paras 41 and 56.

[note: 22]CA 83 AC at paras 72–73.

[note: 23]CA 83 AC at paras 60–63.

[note: 24]Joint RA vol 2 at p 80.

[note: 25]CA 83 AC at para 67.

[note: 26]Respondents’ Case for CA 84/2013 at paras 78–82.

[note: 27]CA 84 AC at para 94.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Aug 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

