Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Bhavashbhai s/o Baboobhai _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 46

Case Number| :| Criminal Revision No 9 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 March 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) for
the applicant; Anandan Bala and Joshua Lai (Attorney-General's Chambers) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Bhavashbhai s/o Baboobhai — Public Prosecutor  
  
17 March 2014|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant in this Criminal Revision was charged in DAC 28580 of 2012 and
was tried on 3 July 2013. The charge was for an offence under s 8(_b_)(ii)
read with s 33A(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”), namely, for the consumption of morphine. The charge under DAC 28580 of
2012 is one known as an “LT-2” charge. “LT” is the acronym for “long term”.

2 A person can only be convicted of an LT-2 offence if he had previously been
convicted of an LT offence, which is referred to as the “LT-1” offence. A
person can be convicted of an LT-1 offence under s 33A(1)(_d_) of the Act if
he has not less than one previous admission, as defined in s 33A(5)(_c_) of
the Act, and one previous conviction for consumption of a _specified_ drug
under s 8(_b_) of the Act. The terms LT-1 and LT-2 are not legislated terms
but descriptions of convenience used by lawyers and the courts.

3 The applicant’s trial in the court below was stayed on account of this
application made on his behalf by his counsel, Mr Udeh Kumar (“Mr Kumar”). I
was informed that the trial was at the stage when the defence had been called
and the applicant had elected to remain silent, and the court was adjourned
for final submissions to be made. Mr Kumar contended that the LT-2 charge, on
which the applicant was being tried in the court below, was wrong because the
applicant’s previous LT-1 conviction in 2008 was erroneous. Mr Kumar alleged
that this was because the applicant’s LT-1 conviction in 2008 was premised on
a previous conviction for consumption of a _controlled_ drug, morphine, under
s 8(_b_) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 1998 Rev Ed) in 2000. The
previous conviction did not qualify as one of the previous convictions that
would trigger an LT-1 offence under s 33A(1)(_d_). This application was thus
made so that this court may exercise its revisionary powers and quash the LT-1
conviction in 2008 or amend the conviction in 2008 such that it would not
qualify as an LT-1 conviction.

4 In passing, I should point out that when I use the term “amend the
conviction”, I refer to the procedure of framing an altered charge and
convicting the applicant accordingly. The relevant procedure is that set out
in ss 256 and 269 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed). Those
are broader provisions than the equivalent provisions found in the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed), namely, ss 390(4)–(8) and s 401(2). The
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) applied at the time the
applicant was convicted in 2008. However, the difference in wording between
the provisions of the two codes was not material to my decision here.

5 Counsel for prosecution and defence both referred me to my previous decision
in _PP v Shaik Alaudeen s/o Hasan Bashar_ [2013] 2 SLR 538 (“ _Shaik Alaudeen_
”). The accused in _Shaik Alaudeen_ was convicted in 2002 after pleading
guilty to a charge (“the original charge”) of consuming a controlled drug
under s 8(_b_)(i) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed). That
would not have counted as an offence that could have been taken into account
under s 33A(1) of the Act as a relevant previous conviction for an LT-1
offence. He was subsequently charged with six charges of consuming a specified
drug under s 8(_b_)(ii) read with s 33A(1) of the Act. The six charges were
hence framed as LT-1 charges, brought on the basis that the accused had one
previous drug rehabilitation centre admission for the consumption of morphine
and one previous conviction for consumption of a specified drug. For the
latter, prosecution sought to rely on the 2002 conviction. Prosecution thus
applied to amend the 2002 conviction on the ground that it was a technical
error that resulted in the accused having been convicted, in 2002, of an
offence that could not be taken into account for an LT-1 charge. The Deputy
Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) (in _Shaik Alaudeen_) relied on the decision of the
Court of Appeal in _Garmaz s/o Pakhar_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 95 (“ _Garmaz_ ”) as an
authority for the application to amend the conviction. In _Shaik Alaudeen_ , I
interpreted _Garmaz_ to have stood for the proposition that “the court could
exercise its powers… to amend a charge if the proceedings at trial would have
taken the same course and the evidence recorded would have been substantially
unchanged”. For clarity, the phrase “amend a charge” in _Shaik Alaudeen_ ,
refers to “amending a previous conviction”, which is the subject matter of
this case.

6 Had the DPP succeeded in _Shaik Alaudeen_ , the six charges would have
counted as LT-1 charges, and would have attracted a greater punishment than if
they were enhanced consumption charges, within meaning of s 33(4) of the Act.
I held in _Shaik Alaudeen_ that _Garmaz_ was not directly applicable. In
exercising the revisionary power to amend a previous conviction, the nature of
the error, the circumstances of the case, and when the amendment was sought
are some of the factors the court has to take into account. Given the various
factors to take into account, whether the amendment may be allowed depends on
the facts of each case. In _Shaik Alaudeen_ , I declined to allow the
amendment because it would have prejudiced the accused in that he would have
faced a more severe punishment if a change was made to his previous conviction
retrospectively.

7 The present application by Mr Kumar is materially different on the facts.
Counsel is seeking to change a previous conviction to a lesser offence. The
time for that has passed. The applicant could have appealed in 2008 but did
not. The contemporary LT-2 charge that the applicant here faced was for an
offence that he had claimed trial to with full knowledge of his previous LT-1
conviction. Mr Kumar hoped to avert what might otherwise be a severe sentence
for his client by cutting the base off the LT-2 charge upon which his client
was tried by his application to amend a previous LT-1 conviction into a non-
LT-1 conviction. As such, while the present application is factually different
from _Shaik Alaudeen_ , both applications are similar in that both are
unmeritorious. The application in _Shaik Alaudeen_ , if allowed, would have
caused prejudice to the accused in the contemporary trial. The application in
this case, if allowed, would result in the applicant evading justice. The
difference between this case and _Shaik Alaudeen_ is in the consequence of
amending the previous conviction. If the amendment had been allowed in _Shaik
Alaudeen_ , it would have been akin to enhancing a sentence retrospectively.
That is not the same in the present application because the prosecution is not
seeking to enhance the punishment by amending a previous conviction. The
accused is seeking to avoid a greater punishment by reducing his previous
conviction, but if he had thought that the previous conviction was wrong, he
ought to have appealed against the decision of the judge in 2008. Mr Kumar did
not satisfy me that this was a case of serious injustice that required me to
exercise my revisionary powers.

8 This criminal revision should not have been brought. An accused should not
interrupt the normal course of a trial by making an application for criminal
revision (except in exceptional situations). His recourse is by way of an
appeal after the trial court has handed down its verdict. This case was not an
exceptional one, and the court will not allow a criminal revision to amend the
previous conviction now (when the applicant ought to have appealed the
conviction). This application was therefore dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Mar 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

