Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Hsien Hwei _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 63

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 175 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Au-Yong Kok Keong Kenneth and Lim Yue Chuan (Ramdas &
Wong) for the appellant; Sharmila Sripathy-Shanaz (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lim Hsien Hwei — Public Prosecutor  
  
7 April 2014|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the sentence imposed by the district judge (“the
DJ”) in _Public Prosecutor v Lim Hsien Hwei_ [2013] SGDC 238 (“the GD”) in
respect of a charge under s 67(1)(_b_) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004
Rev Ed) (“the Act”) of driving while under the influence of drink. The DJ
sentenced the appellant to a fine of $3,000, in default 15 days’ imprisonment,
and a period of disqualification from holding or obtaining a driving licence
for all classes of vehicles (“disqualification period”) of three years from
the date of conviction (_viz_ , 31 July 2013). In the appeal, the appellant
sought to have the disqualification period reduced from three years to two
years. I allowed the appeal and now give my reasons.

Background facts

2 At about 5.01am on 6 May 2012, the appellant was driving her car along
Keppel Road when she was stopped by police officers patrolling the area. The
police officer who approached the appellant noticed that she smelled strongly
of alcohol and had bloodshot eyes and a flushed face. He administered a
breathalyser test on her. However, the appellant was unable to complete the
test due to shortness of breath. She was thereupon arrested and brought to
Changi General Hospital, where a blood test was conducted to ascertain the
level of alcohol in her body.

3 A Health Sciences Authority report dated 14 May 2012 issued by one Dr Low
Xuankai Alex revealed that the level of alcohol in the appellant’s blood
sample was 150 mg of ethanol in every 100 ml of blood. This is 1.875 times the
prescribed limit of 80 mg of alcohol in every 100 ml of blood under s 72 of
the Act.

4 As a result, the appellant was charged with an offence under s 67(1)(_b_) of
the Act (“the Drink-driving Offence”), which criminalises driving while under
the influence of drink, and is punishable by:

(a) in the case of a first-time offender, a fine of not less than $1,000 and
not more than $5,000, or imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months; and

(b) unless the court thinks fit to order otherwise for special reasons, a
mandatory disqualification period of not less than 12 months from the date of
conviction or, in cases where the offender is sentenced to imprisonment, from
the date of the offender’s release from prison.

The appellant subsequently pleaded guilty to the Drink-driving Offence.

5 The appellant was also charged with an offence under s 120(4) of the Act
(“the Directional Offence”), which criminalises the failure to comply with
traffic directions and traffic signs, and is, for first-time offenders,
punishable by a fine not exceeding $1,000 or imprisonment for a term not
exceeding three months. A disqualification order is not a type of sentence
prescribed for this offence. The Directional Offence was not proceeded with by
the Prosecution, but the court was asked to take it into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing for the Drink-driving Offence. It was not disputed that
the appellant admitted to the Directional Offence and, therefore, also to the
particulars of the charge for that offence (“the s 120(4) charge”). That
charge reads:

You,

…

are charged that you, on the 6th day of May 2012, at about 5.01am, along
Keppel Road, Singapore, when driving motor car SJX9064L, did fail to obey
[the] traffic indicating sign and dr[o]ve against the flow of traffic and you
have thereby committed an offence under Section 120(4) of the Road Traffic
Act, Chapter 276, and punishable under Section 131(2) of the same Act.

The decision below

6 The DJ’s decision on sentence was made prior to this court’s decision in
_Edwin s/o Suse Nathen v Public Prosecutor_ [2013] 4 SLR 1139 (“ _Edwin s/o
Suse Nathen_ ”), where Sundaresh Menon CJ, after examining the relevant
precedents, laid down certain sentencing guidelines for first-time offenders
under s 67(1)(_b_) of the Act. The DJ, in sentencing the appellant, did not
have the benefit of those sentencing guidelines.

7 In respect of the Drink-driving Offence, the DJ considered that as the level
of alcohol in the appellant’s blood was 1.875 times the prescribed limit, the
case was “clearly … not a case that would fall within the minimum end of the
spectrum either in terms of a fine or the period of disqualification” (at [11]
of the GD). He also relied on various authorities for the general principle
that the higher the level of alcohol in the offender’s body, the harsher the
sentence should be (at [10] of the GD). In particular, the DJ considered the
case of _Public Prosecutor v Ong Yeng Fong_ [2012] SGDC 339, where a fine of
$3,000 and a disqualification period of two years were imposed on a drink-
driving offender whose alcohol level was 1.66 times the prescribed limit, and
used that as a guide.

8 Turning to the Directional Offence, the DJ emphasised (at [13] of the GD)
that it was not “a minor infringement”, but was instead “pregnant with
danger”. This was because the appellant (see likewise [13] of the GD):

… had driven her motor vehicle against the flow of traffic and there is no
doubt in my mind that her failure to obey the traffic sign indicating the
proper direction of travel was a result of her inebriated state.

9 However, the DJ also took into account the fact that the appellant was a
first-time offender in so far as the Drink-driving Offence was concerned and
had shown remorse by a timely plea of guilt to the charge. He then concluded
that a fine of $3,000 and a disqualification period of three years were an
appropriate sentence for the Drink-driving Offence (at [14] of the GD).

The issues before this court

10 During the appeal, both parties relied on the sentencing guidelines laid
down in _Edwin s/o Suse Nathen_. Counsel for the appellant, Mr Au-Yong Kok
Keong Kenneth (“Mr Au-Yong”), while recognising the trite principles of
appellate intervention on sentencing (see _Public Prosecutor v Cheong Hock Lai
and other appeals_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 203 at [26]), submitted that the appeal
should be allowed as far as the disqualification period was concerned because:

(a) the DJ had erred in appreciating the proper factual basis for the sentence
imposed;

(b) the sentence imposed was wrong in principle; and

(c) the disqualification period was manifestly excessive.

I will first consider the application of _Edwin s/o Suse Nathen_ to the
present case before dealing with each of Mr Au-Yong’s submissions in turn.

The application of Edwin s/o Suse Nathen

11 In _Edwin s/o Suse Nathen_ , Menon CJ (at [22]) held that sentencing for
offences under s 67(1)(_b_) of the Act should typically begin from “neutral
starting points based on the relative seriousness of the offence considering
only the level of alcohol in the offender’s blood or breath and not yet having
regard to any aggravating or mitigating circumstances”. The neutral starting
points for first-time offenders were categorised (likewise at [22]) into the
following broad bands according to the level of alcohol in the offender’s
_breath_ :

Level of alcohol (µg per 100 ml of breath) |  Range of fines |  Range of disqualification  
---|---|---  
35 – 54 (1–1.54 times the prescribed limit) |  $1,000 – $2,000 |  12 – 18 months  
55 – 69 (1.57–1.97 times the prescribed limit) |  $2,000 – $3,000 |  18 – 24 months  
70 – 89 (2–2.54 times the prescribed limit) |  $3,000 – $4,000 |  24 – 36 months  
= 90 (= 2.57 times the prescribed limit) |  > $4,000 |  36 – 48 months (or longer)  
  
  

12 The figures set out in the above table were based on the use of a
breathalyser test, as opposed to a blood test, to determine the level of
alcohol in the offender’s body. As a matter of logic and common sense, those
ratios should similarly apply where the level of alcohol in the offender’s
body is determined by a blood test. The level of alcohol in the body which is
shown to be 35 µg of alcohol per 100 ml of breath is the same as that which is
shown to be 80 mg of alcohol per 100 ml of blood, these being the prescribed
limits apropos, respectively, a breathalyser test and a blood test.

13 In the present case, the alcohol level in the appellant’s body was 1.875
times the prescribed limit, placing her in the second category set out at [11]
above, with a fine of $2,000 to $3,000 and a disqualification period of 18–24
months being the neutral starting point. In _Edwin s/o Suse Nathen_ , where
the offender had an alcohol level 1.82 times the prescribed limit, a fine of
$2,500 and a disqualification period of 21 months were imposed. All other
considerations aside, the application of the aforementioned sentencing
benchmarks to the appellant’s higher alcohol level would entail a fine of
around $2,700 and a disqualification period of around 22–24 months as the
neutral starting point.

14 In the present case, the sentence imposed by the DJ – _viz_ , a fine of
$3,000 and a disqualification period of three years – was much higher
(especially in relation to the disqualification period) than the neutral
starting point. In my view, the only possible justification for this
differential was the appellant’s commission of the Directional Offence, which
was taken into consideration for sentencing by the DJ (see [2] and [13] of the
GD).

Did the DJ err in appreciating the proper factual basis for the sentence
imposed?

15 Mr Au-Yong submitted that the DJ, in sentencing the appellant,
misunderstood the actual position in relation to the Directional Offence. The
s 120(4) charge stated that the appellant “fail[ed] to obey [the] traffic
indicating sign and dr[o]ve against the flow of traffic”. Mr Au-Yong submitted
that the DJ took this to mean (as most people probably would) that the
appellant had driven against oncoming traffic while on the wrong side of the
road. However, the appellant had not in fact driven against the flow of
traffic in that sense, but had merely made a left turn from a lane which
permitted only a right turn. Mr Au-Yong submitted that while the appellant in
making such a turn had committed a traffic offence, she had not driven against
the flow of traffic and had, instead, carried out a relatively less dangerous
act as compared to driving against oncoming traffic. Mr Au-Yong further
explained that at the hearing below, the appellant was unrepresented and did
not have the presence of mind to have this factual position clarified.

16 Although Mr Au-Yong’s submission was based on a factual assertion made
during the hearing of the appeal before me, the Deputy Public Prosecutor (“the
DPP”) accepted the appellant’s account. The DPP also helpfully submitted a
sketch-plan of the road where the appellant had made the said illegal turn,
which greatly assisted my appreciation of the situation. The DJ, in contrast,
did not have the benefit of this sketch-plan.

17 From the GD, it was unclear whether the DJ thought the appellant had driven
against oncoming traffic while on the wrong side of the road. The GD only
mentioned that the appellant had “driven her motor vehicle against the flow of
traffic” (see [13] of the GD (reproduced above at [8])). This was probably
because that was how the s 120(4) charge was framed, and no other evidence of
what transpired at the material time was adduced by either party before the
DJ. I accepted the premise of Mr Au-Yong’s submission that the DJ
misunderstood the s 120(4) charge to mean that the appellant had driven
against oncoming traffic while on the wrong side of the road. This was
consistent with the DJ imposing, for the Drink-driving Offence, a relatively
high sentence of a fine of $3,000 and a disqualification period of three
years. In any event, if there was any doubt as to what was in the DJ’s mind at
the time of sentencing, the benefit of the doubt ought to be given to the
appellant.

18 I would hasten to add that if the DJ had indeed misunderstood the factual
position in relation to the Directional Offence, the fault did not lie with
him. He was entitled to accept the particulars set out in the s 120(4) charge
and what those particulars would convey to an ordinary and objective person.
In the circumstances of the present case, making a left turn on a lane which
permitted only a right turn should more accurately be characterised as a
failure to obey traffic signs or traffic directions. I acknowledge that non-
compliance with traffic signs could give rise to driving against the flow of
traffic, but that did not arise on the facts of this case. On this point, the
DPP clarified that the Attorney-General’s Chambers had raised the matter with
the Traffic Police Department. The latter had advised that the appellant, in
making a left turn on a lane which permitted only a right turn, had
technically driven against the flow of traffic, and this accounted for why the
s 120(4) charge was framed in that manner. While I agree that the phrase
“driving against the flow of traffic” could conceivably be broad enough to
encompass making a turn on the wrong lane of a road, it may not be the most
appropriate description; thus the confusion in the present case. I also note
that the phrase “driving against the flow of traffic” does not appear in s 120
of the Act, which only makes reference to a “[d]uty to comply with traffic
directions and traffic signs”. To drive in a manner which fails to comply with
a traffic sign need not necessarily lead to driving against the flow of
traffic and should not invariably be described as such in a s 120(4) charge.
The charge should instead reflect the actual alleged transgression of the
offender in so far as it is possible to do so, for example, by stating that
the offender disobeyed traffic signs by making a left turn on a lane which
permitted only a right turn. Traffic signs restricting the direction in which
vehicles may turn are very common in Singapore, especially at the T-junction
of a minor road and a major road which is not controlled by traffic lights. At
such a junction, there is often a traffic sign indicating that vehicles on the
minor road are only permitted to turn left but not right (_ie_ , the
_converse_ of the situation in the present case) so as not to hold up traffic
on the minor road. If a motorist were to turn right at such a junction, he
would have disobeyed a traffic sign, but he would not have driven against the
flow of traffic.

19 Accordingly, I found that the DJ, in sentencing the appellant, had not
accurately appreciated the factual basis relating to the Directional Offence.

Was the sentence wrong in principle?

20 Mr Au-Yong’s second submission was that the sentence imposed on the
appellant was wrong in principle because the DJ enhanced the disqualification
period for the Drink-driving Offence by taking into consideration the
Directional Offence, even though the latter offence was not punishable by a
disqualification order. Although Mr Au-Yong did not support his submission
with any authorities, I found that unsurprising as there is, to my knowledge,
no express authority on this particular point.

21 Mr Au-Yong sought to persuade the court of the merits of his argument by
raising a hypothetical situation, _viz_ , if the Directional Offence had been
proceeded with and if the appellant had been convicted of that offence, she
would, in all probability, have been punished with only a fine. More
importantly, the appellant could not have been punished with a
disqualification order as that was not a prescribed punishment for the
Directional Offence. If it were possible to rely on the Directional Offence,
which was only to be taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing
for the Drink-driving Offence, to lengthen the disqualification period imposed
for the latter offence, this would lead to an anomalous situation where the
appellant would be worse off by consenting to the Directional Offence being
taken into consideration _vis-à-vis_ sentencing for the Drink-driving Offence.

22 This outcome would be inconsistent with the general principle expressed in
ch XVIII, para 4354 of Tan Yock Lin, _Criminal Procedure_ (Butterworths, 2010)
(“ _Criminal Procedure_ ”) that an accused person can expect a more favourable
overall sentence by admitting to an outstanding charge and consenting to it
being taken into consideration for sentencing purposes, rather than contesting
that charge and subsequently being convicted of it:

… Where the accused admits that other outstanding offences have been
committed, he saves the court time and trouble in determining his complicity
in these offences. He saves the Public Prosecutor time and trouble in
prosecuting them. So in taking account of these offences, the court will not
forget that considerable time and trouble are saved by this act of the
accused. In awarding sentence, the court will therefore, favour the accused.
This must be right. If a timeous plea of guilt, which saves the court
considerable time and trouble, is rewarded with a sentencing discount, a
fortiori an admission to outstanding offences in order that they may be taken
into account in sentencing.

23 The DPP’s response was that the effect of taking into consideration
outstanding offences for sentencing purposes was to enhance the sentence that
would otherwise be imposed for the offence which the accused person was
convicted of (see _Public Prosecutor v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice_ [1998] 3 SLR(R)
439 at [19]). It was argued that in this case, the Directional Offence
involved an act of dangerous driving and was an aggravating factor in
determining the appropriate sentence for the Drink-driving Offence (see _Edwin
s/o Suse Nathen_ at [27]). Therefore, the DPP submitted, the Directional
Offence had the effect of increasing the appellant’s culpability for the
Drink-driving Offence and should in turn result in an enhanced sentence for
the latter offence. This meant that the length of the disqualification period
imposed for the Drink-driving Offence could be increased.

24 It seemed to me that the Prosecution’s argument did not really address the
point. The appellant was not saying that the sentence imposed for the Drink-
driving Offence should not be enhanced. It is clear that taking into
consideration the Directional Offence must lead to an enhanced sentence for
the Drink-driving Offence. Rather, the appellant’s point was that this
enhancement of punishment must be restricted to the forms of punishment
provided for the Directional Offence, _viz_ , either a fine or imprisonment.
Since a disqualification order is not one of the prescribed forms of
punishment for the Directional Offence, that offence should not affect the
appropriate length of the disqualification period imposed for the Drink-
driving Offence just because it was to be taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing. The Prosecution was assuming that when the sentence
for the offence charged was to be enhanced, all the forms of punishment which
could be imposed for that offence could be adjusted. However, this need not be
the case. It would depend on the forms of punishment permissible to be imposed
for the offence taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing for
the offence charged.

25 I also found that the appellant’s approach was conceptually aligned with
how the taking into consideration of an outstanding offence should affect
sentencing. Working from first principles, Prof Tan Yock Lin in _Criminal
Procedure_ (ch XVIII at para 4354) explains how enhancement of a sentence when
taking into consideration outstanding offences should be done:

… [T]he law has yet to furnish a more precise formula for determining the
relationship between offences taken into account and sentence enhancement. The
policy is partly pragmatic. The procedure has a double object: to punish such
offences as aggravation and to save judicial time on their trial. _That being
the case, it may be possible to formulate what uplift should be applied to the
base sentence which is imposed on the offence charged._ The procedure appears
to provide a useful complement to cumulative sentencing and although authority
is lacking, _it would seem right and just to measure the distance between the
sentence awarded and the maximum which would have been awarded if the offences
taken into consideration had instead been prosecuted to conviction and to
apply such uplift to the base sentence as reflects an appropriately discounted
measure of that distance_ , subject to the limitation that the eventual
sentence must not exceed the maximum prescribed for the offence charged.
[emphasis added]

26 In my view, Prof Tan’s approach is a sensible starting point to adopt.
Using the present case as an example, this approach hypothesises that the
offence taken into consideration (_viz_ , the Directional Offence) is
proceeded with to conviction, and an overall sentence is imposed for both the
Drink-driving Offence and the Directional Offence. The court will then measure
the difference in severity between this overall sentence and the sentence
imposed if only the Drink-driving Offence were prosecuted to conviction. This
difference is then subjected to a discount and used as the starting point for
the extent of enhancement of the sentence imposed for the Drink-driving
Offence taking into consideration the Directional Offence. Mr Au-Yong’s
submission is in accordance with this approach. Since a disqualification order
is not a permissible sentence to impose for the Directional Offence, that
offence cannot and should not affect the length of the disqualification period
imposed for the Drink-driving Offence if an overall sentence were to be meted
out for both offences – the fine for the Drink-driving Offence could be
increased, which was indeed what happened in the court below, but not the
disqualification period as the Directional Offence is not an offence which is
punishable by a disqualification order. Accordingly, I was of the view that as
a matter of principle, when an outstanding offence was taken into
consideration for the purposes of enhancing the sentence for another offence
which the accused person had been convicted of, the enhancement could only be
in respect of the forms of punishment which were prescribed for the offence
that was taken into consideration. In this case, since a disqualification
order is not a prescribed form of punishment for the Directional Offence, the
DJ’s enhancement of the length of the disqualification period imposed for the
Drink-driving Offence was wrong in principle.

27 I would further add that this principle would also be applicable in a case
where the aggravating factors in question are themselves capable of
constituting an offence under the law. If it were otherwise, this could result
in the peculiar situation where an accused person might be worse off if he is
not charged with the offence constituted by the aggravating factors and those
factors are, instead, taken into consideration _vis-à-vis_ sentencing for the
offence charged.

Was the disqualification period manifestly excessive?

28 Mr Au-Yong’s submission was that while the appellant’s act in making a left
turn on a lane which permitted only a right turn was dangerous, it was not as
dangerous as driving against oncoming traffic while on the wrong side of the
road.

29 The DPP agreed with Mr Au-Yong that making a turn on the wrong lane was
less dangerous than driving against oncoming traffic while on the wrong side
of the road. However, the DPP submitted that the appellant had nonetheless
posed a potential danger to road users, and that was enough reason for the
sentence for the Drink-driving Offence to be enhanced from the neutral
starting point derived from the sentencing guidelines in _Edwin s/o Suse
Nathen_ to the eventual sentence imposed by the DJ.

30 Bearing in mind what has been stated above at [26] (_viz_ , that the
Directional Offence could not be a basis for enhancing the disqualification
period imposed for the Drink-driving Offence), I found, having regard to the
benchmarks set in _Edwin s/o Suse Nathen_ , that the disqualification period
of three years imposed by the DJ was manifestly excessive.

Conclusion

31 Accordingly, I allowed the appeal to the extent that the disqualification
period for the Drink-driving Offence was reduced from three years to two
years. The fine of $3,000 imposed for that offence remained unchanged.

Addendum to my grounds of decision

27 May 2014

Subsequent to the release of my written grounds of decision on 7 April 2014,
the Deputy Public Prosecutor wrote to the court on 17 April 2014, drawing the
court’s attention to s 42(1) of the Act and expressing her regret for this
omission. The provision reads:

**Disqualification for offences**

42.—(1) A court before which a person **is convicted** of any offence in
connection with the driving of a motor vehicle may, in any case except where
otherwise expressly provided by this Act and shall, where so required by this
Act, order him to be disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving licence
for life or for such period as the court may think fit.

[emphasis added]

However, I note that this provision only applies where an accused is convicted
of an offence in connection with the driving of a motor vehicle. In the
context of this case, the Directional Offence was only taken into account for
the purpose of sentencing; there was no conviction recorded against the
appellant for it. Thus the provision was not engaged in relation to the case.
That said, I agree with the DPP that the phrases “[s]ince a disqualification
order is not a permissible sentence to impose for the Directional offence” and
“a disqualification order is not a prescribed form of punishment for the
Directional Offence” which appear in [26] of my grounds of decision need to be
read bearing in mind s 42(1) as well as the context of this case where the
Directional Offence was only taken into account for sentencing. Counsel for
the appellant who gave his views on this issue by letter also arrived at the
same conclusion. Nevertheless, what I have stated at [26]–[27] of my grounds
of decision regarding the general principle of law on that issue may still be
pertinent in other contexts.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

