Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Anwar Patrick Adrian and another _v_ Ng Chong & Hue LLC and another  
[2014] SGCA 34

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 138 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 May 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Cheng Han SC (instructed), P Balachandran and Luo
Ling Hui (Robert Wang & Woo LLP) for the appellants; Michael Khoo SC,
Josephine Low and Andy Chiok (Michael Khoo & Partners) for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  Anwar Patrick Adrian and another — Ng Chong & Hue LLC and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2013] SGHC 202.]

29 May 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The present appeal centres on the alleged liability of a lawyer and his law
firm (“the Respondents”) in an action brought by two brothers (“the
Appellants”). The Appellants’ action is premised upon two possible bases which
are independent of each other:

(a) in contract, the breach of an alleged implied retainer that existed
between the Appellants and Respondents and;

(b) in tort, the breach of a duty of care said to be owed by the lawyer
concerned (“the Second Respondent”) and, consequently, his law firm (“the
First Respondent”), to the Appellants.

2 In the court below, the High Court judge (“the Judge”) found in favour of
the Respondents, holding that the Second Respondent did not have a solicitor-
client relationship with the Appellants and that the Respondents did not owe a
duty of care in tort to the Appellants. The Judge’s grounds of decision can be
found in _Anwar Patrick Adrian and another v Ng Chong & Hue LLC and another_
[2013] SGHC 202 (“the Judgment”).

3 Whilst the basic issues, characterised in the way that we have, might appear
straightforward, they raise important issues of law. Of particular importance
is the relevance (if any) of the seminal House of Lords decision in _White v
Jones_ [1995] 2 AC 207 (“ _White_ ”) under the overarching duty of care
framework in Singapore as set out in _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v
Defence Science & Technology Agency_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“ _Spandeck_ ”).
There is also, parenthetically and in addition to the aforementioned issues in
contract and tort, a third basic issue concerning the legal entitlement of the
Appellants to the reliefs (in the form of damages) claimed, assuming that they
can establish the liability of the Respondents in contract and/or tort in the
first place.

4 This case is also complicated by the peculiar factual circumstances which
the Appellants say give rise to a claim by them against the Respondents. The
connection between the Appellants and Respondents is the Appellants’ father,
Agus Anwar (“Agus”), with whom the Respondents have had a long-standing
professional relationship. It was in the course of advising Agus that the
Respondents took on the contractual and/or tortious duties to the Appellants,
or so the latter claim. There is no doubt, as the Judge also noted (see the
Judgment at [13]), as to Agus’s deep involvement in the relevant events that
transpired and to which the Appellants are now referring in order to establish
their claim against the Respondents. As we shall see, Agus’s role is of
potentially important legal significance even though he is not technically a
party to the action.

5 With that in mind, we proceed with a background of the salient facts of this
case.

The facts

The parties

6 The Second Respondent is Ng Soon Kai (“Ng”), a lawyer of 21 years standing.
He practises in, and is also one of, the directors of Ng Chong & Hue LLC
(“NCH”), the First Respondent. As nothing turns on a separation of Ng and
NCH’s individual identities and as the dispute involves allegations against Ng
primarily, unless the circumstances necessitate otherwise, our reference to Ng
is generally a collective reference to the Respondents.

7 Ng met Agus, the chief protagonist in the entire dispute, sometime in 2000
or 2002, at which point Agus became his client and a client of NCH. Agus was
an astute investor who used to have numerous investments. He is also extremely
familiar with the world of finance and banking, having been in the top
management in banks previously. In his own words, he was a “well-known
businessman”.

8 Patrick Adrian Anwar (“Adrian”), the First Appellant, and Andrew Francis
Anwar (“Francis”), the Second Appellant, are Agus’s sons. When Agus approached
Ng in 2008 to assist him in relation to the financial difficulties he was
facing, Adrian was 28 years old and Francis was 25 years old. Adrian had
already begun working but Francis was still schooling in the US.

The Four Properties

9 Ng had been assisting Agus in numerous transactions over the years,
including representing Agus in a dispute in Indonesia, as well as in the
purchase of other properties. One matter which Ng advised Agus on was the
purchase of five properties in 2006 and 2007. Save for one property, the other
four properties were purchased in the names of his two sons and two other
companies in the following manner:

(a) 57A Devonshire Road, #21-03 was held by Adrian;

(b) 57A Devonshire Road, #18-03 was held by Francis;

(c) 8 Scotts Road, #35-08 was held by Scotts Island Trust Pte Ltd (“SITPL”) of
which Adrian is the sole shareholder and director; and

(d) 8 Scotts Road, #36-04 was held by Scotts Skyline Trust Pte Ltd (“SSTPL”)
of which Adrian is the sole shareholder and director.

10 There is no dispute that the instructions to purchase these properties came
from Agus. The four properties listed above will be referred to collectively,
where necessary, as “the Four Properties”.

11 The subject-matter of the action concerns the mortgage of the Four
Properties to the Singapore branch of Société Générale Bank & Trust (“SGBT”).
SGBT is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the French banking group, Société
Générale SA.

Dispute with SGBT

12 Agus had a credit facility with SGBT. As part of the credit facility, Agus
pledged, amongst other things, certain Singapore shares. When the stock
markets crashed in July 2008, the market value of his collateral likewise
crashed. Around July 2008, SGBT requested Agus to provide additional
collateral. At the same time, other institutions which Agus had credit
facilities with also requested that Agus make good on the shortfall which
resulted from the economic turmoil. Needless to say, Agus did not find himself
in a satisfactory situation.

13 In October 2008, with global share prices still falling, SGBT sold off some
of Agus’s pledged shares. He was informed of this personally by a letter from
SGBT’s solicitors, Allen & Gledhill LLP (“A&G”), on 6 October 2008. However,
the sale was insufficient to meet the shortfall which had snowballed to
approximately US$8m. SGBT demanded Agus pay this sum or provide collateral of
the same value by 9 October 2008.

Early to mid-October 2008

14 Agus approached Ng to act for him. On 7 October 2008, on Agus’s
instructions, Ng wrote to A&G and informed them that Agus would provide
further collateral in the form of mortgages over the Four Properties.
Negotiations then took place between A&G and Ng. There were also separate
negotiations between Agus and SBGT’s officers directly which Ng was not
involved in. On 10 October, A&G informed Ng of a new proposal by SGBT under
which:

(a) Agus would pay SGBT $4m or provide additional collateral of an equivalent
value by 15 October 2008;

(b) Agus would procure mortgages over the Four Properties by 13 October 2008;
and

(c) Adrian, Francis, SITPL and SSTPL being owners of the Four Properties would
provide personal and corporate guarantees, respectively, by 15 October 2008.

15 On 14 October 2008, Ng, on Agus’s instructions, informed A&G that Agus was
agreeable to the proposal _except_ for the condition that the Appellants each
provide personal guarantees. Agus said that his sons would “hardly [be] able
to provide any real security to your clients” as they were just “2 young
boys”.

16 In A&G’s reply on 14 October 2008, SGBT essentially agreed to put the
personal guarantee requirement on hold _on condition_ that Agus satisfied the
other requirements by 15 October 2008. Agus was unable to do so, and, on 16
October 2008, A&G informed Ng that SGBT would “proceed as necessary”. On that
same day, SGBT sent a letter to Agus informing him that as he had defaulted on
the credit facility, SGBT was demanding repayment of approximately $17m
immediately.

20 October 2008 and SGBT’s change of position

17 On 20 October 2008, Ng, again on the instructions of Agus, informed A&G of
a new proposal which included the provision of additional security in the form
of a mortgage over another property, Agus’s Ferrari, as well as authorisation
to sell shares pledged by Agus and held by SGBT. SGBT deemed Agus’s latest
proposal inadequate through a reply by A&G on that same day.

18 However, A&G conveyed to Ng that SGBT would hold its hand if Agus, amongst
other things, furnished even more security which included mortgages over other
properties in addition to the Four Properties, and corporate guarantees from
the companies which were the legal owners of the relevant properties. There
was no requirement that the Appellants provide personal guarantees in this
latest counter-proposal. On the surface, this was a significant change of
position.

19 Agus could not meet some of the requirements, resulting in further back-
and-forth negotiations between A&G and Ng.

Further negotiations and the Forbearance Agreement

20 The further negotiations came to a head on 22 October 2008 when A&G sent a
draft agreement to Ng for execution by Agus, Adrian, Francis, SITPL and SSTPL.
Under this draft agreement, SGBT would forbear from taking immediate legal
action against Agus provided that Agus satisfied the conditions – which had
been the subject-matter of the prior negotiations – set out in the agreement
(“the Forbearance Agreement”). Again, as had been set out in the 20 October
2008 correspondence, the Appellants were _not_ required to give personal
guarantees under this draft Forbearance Agreement.

21 As with all previous correspondence from A&G, Ng forwarded the letter to
Agus. In the cover letter, Ng briefly explained the contents of the draft
Forbearance Agreement. One of the points highlighted concerned the guarantees
which were required from SITPL and SSTPL. Thereafter, a couple of further
minor amendments were made to the draft Forbearance Agreement, including an
offer by Agus to replace the Appellants as the directors of SITPL and SSTPL so
that the signing of the relevant documents involving the two companies could
be expedited.

22 Eventually, by 30 October 2008, the draft Forbearance Agreement and the
other relevant documentation were signed and executed by all the relevant
parties.

23 It is apposite, at this juncture, to mention that at least some of the
communications between Agus and his sons were facilitated by Agus’s staff. For
example, it was one of his staff who sent the Forbearance Agreement and the
necessary documents to Francis for his signature. Communications between Agus
and Ng were also sometimes effected through Agus’s staff.

The Security Documents

24 Two of the relevant documents which were signed by the Appellants are the
Mortgage Document and the Deed of Assignment (“the Security Documents”). These
covered the mortgage of the two Devonshire properties under the Appellants’
respective names (see above at [9]). The Mortgage Document and the Deed of
Assignment each contains a clause providing that the mortgagor of the property
shall pay SGBT on demand all sums due and owing to SGBT by Agus (“the Personal
Guarantee Clause”).

25 How and why this clause came to be in the Security Documents without
warning from A&G or SGBT despite earlier intimations that the Appellants would
not be made to give personal guarantees is effectively the cause of the
present action. It is Ng’s failure to advise the Appellants of the existence
and implication of this clause – which Ng does not dispute he did not do –
that the Appellants are claiming amounts to a breach of an implied retainer
or, alternatively, a breach of a duty of care in tort.

26 The Security Documents were prepared by Tan Peng Chin LLC (“TPC”), another
law firm engaged by SGBT. They were sent to Ng on 23 October 2008. Ng
forwarded the documents the next day by personal service to Agus’s office for
the attention of the owners of the Four Properties, _ie_ , Adrian, Francis,
SITPL and SSTPL. It is common ground that it was Agus’s staff who then
forwarded the documents to the Appellants. Ng’s cover letter referred to the
Security Documents and set out the portions of the documents where Adrian,
Francis and Agus should append their signatures. As mentioned above, the
Security Documents were eventually signed by Adrian, Francis as well as Agus.

27 Despite the provision of additional security under the Forbearance
Agreement, Agus still could not meet his obligations under the credit facility
to SGBT. This led to a suit in April 2009 by SGBT against Agus, the
Appellants, as well as SITPL and SSTPL for the outstanding sums due under the
credit facility. SGBT’s claim against the Appellants, which was premised on
the Personal Guarantee Clause, was settled for US$1m in April 2011.

28 The Appellants then commenced this action against the Respondents for
failing to bring the Personal Guarantee Clause to their attention and/or
advising them on the clause before they signed the Security Documents.

29 In the meantime, Agus was unable to settle his debts and was adjudged
bankrupt on 3 March 2011, and remains undischarged to date.

The parties’ pleaded cases

Appellants’ pleaded claims

30 The basis of the Appellants’ contractual claim is an implied retainer
between the Appellants and Ng (and consequently, NCH) which imposed on Ng
certain duties that he failed to carry out. The second cause of action pleaded
was tortious, namely, that as Ng was advising Agus in the course of the
negotiations with A&G, he should have known that the Appellants would rely on
him to look after their interests and he (and consequently, NCH) therefore
owed a duty of care to take certain steps to protect the Appellants, which was
not done.

31 The Appellants aver that Ng, pursuant to either his contractual or tortious
duty, ought to have done but failed to do the following:

(a) take reasonable steps to ensure that the Security Documents did not
contain the Personal Guarantee Clause;

(b) adequately read through the Security Documents before forwarding them to
Agus for onward execution by the Appellants;

(c) consider the possibility that Security Documents were standard forms which
might contain the Personal Guarantee Clause;

(d) take steps to safeguard against the risk that Agus would tell the
Appellants that they would not suffer any personal liability by signing the
Security Documents;

(e) query TPC on the presence of the Personal Guarantee Clause which was
inconsistent with SGBT’s earlier position that it would not insist on
requiring personal guarantees from the Appellants;

(f) draw the Personal Guarantee Clause to the attention of the Appellants or
Agus, and explain and advise the effect of the clause before they signed the
Security Documents; and/or

(g) take steps to rescind or rectify the Security Documents when SGBT sought
to enforce the Personal Guarantee Clause.

32 The Appellants claim that they would not have signed the Security Documents
had they been aware of and appreciated the effect of the Personal Guarantee
Clause. The losses which they are claiming in the action comprise:

(a) the US$1m settlement payment;

(b) legal fees paid to the Respondents for work done in connection with the
Security Documents and legal fees incurred in defending SGBT’s claim; and

(c) Adrian’s loss of business opportunity as a result of summary judgment
being entered against him at an earlier stage of the action.

Respondents’ pleaded defence

33 Ng admits that he was instructed by Agus on specific matters but these did
not extend to matters related to Agus’s family and their companies generally.
Any instructions by Agus were for himself personally and not on behalf of his
family members. At all material times, Ng was only acting on behalf of Agus,
and not the Appellants.

34 Ng also avers that he did not conduct himself in any way that led or would
lead the Appellants to believe that he was acting for them, or would be
looking after their interests. Apart from a single instance of forwarding the
Security Documents to Agus’s office for onward transmission to the Appellants
for their execution, Ng had no other dealings and communications with the
Appellants. This act of forwarding the Security Documents, Ng says, was part
of his duty to Agus as his solicitor.

35 Ng denies that Agus conveyed to him that the Appellants were not to incur
personal liability. Further, Ng claims that neither he nor NCH was ever
instructed to advise the Appellants on the effect of the Security Documents.
The scope of his duties to Agus only extended to implementing the Security
Documents as required under the Forbearance Agreement; Agus never instructed
him to provide advice to the Appellants. Hence, he did not owe the Appellants
any duty nor was he under any obligation to check or advise on the Security
Documents for the purposes of protecting the interests of the Appellants.

36 Ng also claims that, in any event, the Appellants were aware of the
obligations in the Security Documents, and had signed the documents with full
knowledge and understanding of the risks involved. In other words, the
Appellants were not looking to Ng or anyone else in NCH’s employ to provide
any advice. Ng also points out that when Agus and the Appellants were sued by
SGBT, their original defence was related to problems with the financing of
another of Agus’s property. Neither Agus nor the Appellants had put any blame
on Ng for his role in the execution of the Security Documents. The present
proceedings were an afterthought.

37 Liability for the settlement sum, legal fees and Adrian’s alleged loss of
business opportunity was also denied.

The decision in the court below

38 As there was a substantial amount of dispute on the facts, the Judge made
it a point to note that he found Agus’s and the Appellants’ evidence to be
self-serving and unreliable. He gave examples showing that the Appellants were
capable of giving and did in fact give, contradictory evidence at different
points in the proceedings against SGBT, depending on whether it suited them.
He also found Agus’s testimony unusually convenient; he was clear and forceful
in matters that aided his sons’ claims, but, where they did not, he suffered
acute bouts of amnesia (see [12] of the Judgment).

39 Consequently, and in tandem with the documentary evidence before him, the
Judge was of the view that the Ng did not have a solicitor-client relationship
with the Appellants, and that there was therefore no retainer which was
breached by Ng. Agus was the sole person who had instructed Ng. The Judge also
held that Ng also did not owe the Appellants a duty of care in tort.

40 Notwithstanding the above, the Judge made two observations. The first was
that Ng could have done more to make clear who he really acted for. The second
was that Ng was not careful in spotting the inclusion of the Personal
Guarantee Clause. The Appellants perhaps perceived this as an invitation to
appeal, and that was what they did.

The parties’ cases on appeal

Appellants’ case

41 In so far as the issue of a breach of contract under an alleged implied
retainer is concerned, the Appellants submit that there must have been and was
in fact a solicitor-client relationship between Ng and the Appellants during
the relevant period, given the following facts:

(a) Ng had acted for the Appellants in the purchase of the Devonshire
properties in 2006 and the sub-sale in 2009. In fact, Ng had billed the
Appellants, not Agus, for work done in relation to the Devonshire properties
in 2009.

(b) TPC, who acted for SGBT in relation to the execution of the Security
Documents, also thought that the Ng was acting for the Appellants. Ng accepts
that TPC had such an impression.

(c) Ng signed off on the mortgage documents as solicitor for the mortgagor. As
the Appellants were the mortgagors, it follows that Ng was the solicitor for
the Appellants, and the Appellants were entitled to think so.

(d) Ng did not advise the Appellants to obtain independent legal advice. If he
was not their lawyer, he should have informed them that they should obtain
independent legal advice.

42 In so far as the existence of an alleged tortious duty of care is
concerned, the Appellants submit that there was such a duty which was breached
because the law imposes a duty of care on a solicitor towards a third party in
circumstances where the solicitor’s client intended to confer a benefit on the
third party. Agus intended to confer a benefit on the Appellants inasmuch as
he did not want the Appellants to have any personal liability. This formed
part of Ng’s instructions. Such a duty of care towards the Appellants is also
justified by the _Spandeck_ framework of factual foreseeability, proximity,
and the absence of negativing policy reasons.

43 Finally, on the issue of damages, the Appellants are no longer pursuing the
claim with regard to Adrian’s loss of business opportunity. Focusing their
submissions, instead, on the reasonableness of the US$1m which they had paid
to SGBT as a settlement, the Appellants contend that US$1m was reasonable,
given that the difference between SGBT’s proof of debt and the value of the
remaining assets held as collateral was in the region of $7.6m. Further,
although the US$1m was raised with the help of gifts by third parties, that
did not prevent the Appellants from claiming against the Respondents.

44 Together with $325,287.71 claimed as total legal fees expended, the
Respondents are potentially liable for up to the aggregate of US$1m and
$325,287.71 in this appeal.

Respondents’ case

45 On the contractual allegations, the Respondents submit there was no
solicitor-client relationship between the Appellants and himself as:

(a) Ng’s only client was Agus. The execution of the Security Documents was
unconnected to the Appellants’ purchase or subsequent sub-sale of the
Devonshire properties.

(b) Even if TPC was misled by the Ng’s representation, it had nothing to do
with the Appellants. It is not their case that they had relied on Ng’s
representation to TPC and that their reliance somehow founds a contractual
retainer.

(c) Ng only signed off as the solicitor for the Appellants _qua_ mortgagors as
he was assisting Agus to perfect the Forbearance Agreement.

(d) Ng did not advise the Appellants to seek independent legal advice because
there was no obligation for Ng to have given such advice to the Appellants in
the first place. It was not, for instance, a case of conflict of interest.

(e) There was never any direct communication between Ng and the Appellants.
The Security Documents were sent to Agus’s office and it was his staff that
liaised with the Appellants on their execution. Neither Agus nor the
Appellants ever informed Ng that they did not understand the contents of the
Forbearance Agreement (or the Security Documents) or that they objected to the
terms in those documents.

(f) In their defence against SGBT’s claim, the Appellants never once made any
adverse claims against the Respondents, even after they were alive to the
possibility of negligence by the Respondents. Instead, they preferred to
allege undue influence and misrepresentation against their father, Agus.

46 On the tortious claim, the Respondents submit that there was no duty of
care towards the Appellants as:

(a) There was no proximity between the parties, given that the Appellants had
not relied on Ng in the course of deciding whether to execute the Security
Documents. They had agreed to such execution because they were told to do so
by Agus.

(b) Ng was not aware of the negotiations between SGBT and Agus, in particular,
the fact that SGBT had agreed to withdraw their demand that the Appellants
would not have any personal liability. He thought that SGBT had not shifted
from its original position that the Appellants should be personally liable as
well.

(c) The Appellants signed the Security Documents because Agus told them that
he needed the Devonshire properties as collateral. They did not verify any of
the details with Ng. The Appellants neither treated Ng as their solicitor nor
relied on him.

47 Last but not least, on the issue of damages, Ng submits that the loss
claimed by the Appellants was provided by third parties and that to award the
Appellants damages for this loss would offend the principle against double
recovery. The settlement sum of US$1m was also not reasonable because the
Appellants have not demonstrated what their liability would otherwise have
been and why such a figure was realistic.

The issues in this appeal

48 As framed by both sets of submissions, the main issues before the court are
as follows:

(a) whether there was a contractual solicitor-client relationship between the
Appellants and Ng;

(b) whether Ng owed the Appellants a duty of care in tort (and, if so, whether
there was a breach of that duty of care); and

(c) if there is liability either in contract and/or tort, whether the damages
claimed by the Appellants are recoverable.

Our decision

Was there an implied retainer between the Appellants and Ng?

49 The considerations which should feature in a question of the existence of
implied retainer can be found in the Singapore Court of Three Judges’ decision
in _Law Society of Singapore v Ahmad Khalis bin Abdul Ghani_ [2006] 4 SLR(R)
308 (“ _Ahmad Khalis_ ”) at [66]. The court cited with approval the following
summary in _Cordery on Solicitors_ (Anthony Holland gen ed) (LexisNexis UK,
9th Ed, 1995, 2004 release) at para E 425:

[A] retainer may be implied where, on an objective consideration of all the
circumstances, an intention to enter into such a contractual relationship
_ought fairly and properly to be imputed to_** _all the parties_**. The
implication would have to be so _clear that the solicitor ought to have
appreciated it_. Circumstances to be taken into account might include, where
appropriate, who is paying the [solicitor’s] fees, who is providing
instructions, and whether a contractual relationship existed between the
parties in the past. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

50 The solicitor in _Ahmad Khalis_ was held by the court to have been engaged
under an implied retainer because of a variety of reasons, one of which was
that he had given express advice on the relevant documents to the putative
clients (see _Ahmad Khalis_ at [67]). The present facts are perhaps even more
similar to those in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Dean v Allin &
Watts_ [2001] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 249 (“ _Dean_ ”). In that case, the solicitor did
not give any advice to the putative client, and only had minimal communication
with the putative client. It was held that there was no implied retainer.

51 It is undisputed that Ng did not directly advise the Appellants. However,
we are not persuaded that the inquiry should end there. Although the absence
of giving of advice, or even the absence of any meaningful contact, is in many
cases helpful in enabling the court to infer that no implied retainer had
arisen on those facts, that fact alone cannot be decisive.

52 The reason is simple. The giving of advice is itself part of the duty under
an implied retainer. If a solicitor gives advice to a third party, there is a
strong inference that the solicitor and the third party had regarded
themselves as being in some kind of contractual relationship. However, the
fact that the solicitor did not give advice cannot give rise to the converse
inference. The absence of any proof of advice given could equally be evidence
of a breach of an implied retainer _if_ the other objective evidence points
towards the existence of an implied retainer. Therefore, in circumstances such
as these where the allegation is that the solicitor ought to have given advice
directly to the Appellants _because_ there was an implied retainer, it would
be putting the cart before the horse to rely solely on the fact that no advice
was provided.

53 The crux of the matter, as the court in _Ahmad Khalis_ observed, is whether
the circumstances are such that a contractual relationship “ought fairly and
properly” be imputed to all the parties. In our judgment, we agree with the
Appellants that there was an implied retainer for a very specific and limited
purpose, that is, to act as solicitors for the Appellants in the mortgaging of
the respective properties that they held pursuant to the Forbearance
Agreement.

54 Despite its apparent simplicity, having regard to the relevant facts and
circumstances, we find that an implied retainer ought properly and fairly be
imputed to all the parties. First, Ng conceded that he signed off on the
Security Documents as “solicitor for the mortgagors” on the Certificate of
Correctness which formed part of the Security Documents. The immediate
inference when a solicitor signs off on an official, formal record is that he
means what he says. Ng’s defence was that he did so in the course of his
retainer as Agus’s solicitor; to him, the Appellants were only holding the
properties as Agus’s nominees.

55 Secondly, whilst we acknowledge that what Ng claimed at the end of the
preceding paragraph might sometimes be the case, especially when the solicitor
is advising the patriarch of a close-knit family, this was not any ordinary
official record. The Certificate of Correctness is an instrument prescribed by
the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“LTA”) that must be filed before a
dealing with land will be recognised under the LTA. One of the implications of
the certificate is that the matters set forth in the underlying instrument
dealing with land are substantially correct (see s 59(2)(_b_) of the LTA).
More importantly for our present purposes, the certificate _must_ be signed by
a solicitor _if_ one has been employed by a party to the instrument (see s
59(3) of the LTA). The Certificate of Correctness therefore bore not just Ng’s
signature, but also the signature of SGBT’s solicitors.

56 The effect of a solicitor’s signature on the Certificate of Correctness is
spelt out in s 59(3A) in no uncertain terms:

Where any instrument is executed by an attorney [definition omitted] for a
party to the instrument, the certificate by the attorney shall imply
representations that, to the best of the belief of the attorney or (as the
case may be) the solicitor employed, the attorney has the authority to act as
agent for and on behalf of the party in respect of the instrument.

57 We cannot overstate the importance of the Certificate of Correctness. As
was noted by G P Selvam J in the Singapore High Court decision of _United
Overseas Finance Ltd v Victor Sakayamary and others_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 20 at
[97], an accurate certificate of correctness for registration is of paramount
importance because the Registrar of Titles and the public place enormous faith
on it – especially when it emanates from an advocate and solicitor.

58 From the perspective of the solicitor, Ng, a seasoned solicitor, must be
taken to have known of the importance of his signing the Certificate of
Correctness for the purposes of the mortgage of the properties held by the
Appellants. From any objective standpoint, he must have thought that he had
the authority to act for the Appellants, and that he was their agent. In fact,
he _was_ their solicitor for the mortgage; there is no other way of
characterising it. He may, in his own mind, have thought that he was their
solicitor for the mortgage _only because_ he was advising Agus on the broader
transaction, but that does not detract from the fact that he must have held
the view that he was officially the Appellants’ solicitor for the mortgage.

59 From the perspective of the clients, the Appellants would also have
legitimately considered Ng to be their solicitor. This is not premised solely
on his signing off as their solicitor on the Certificate of Correctness. More
than that, they knew that he was involved in the execution of this particular
document; he was the _only legally_ trained person on their side (_ie_ , Agus
and the Appellants) involved in the execution and the other side had a
solicitor representing them as well. Indeed, this was a mortgage transaction
that was part of a larger commercial transaction that ostensibly had legal
implications which therefore required legal expertise. Looked at in its
totality, the Appellants must have thought – or at any rate were entitled to
think – that Ng was their solicitor on record (which he was). He was the one
who would help them through this transaction.

60 Therefore, we find against Ng (and consequently, NCH) in relation to the
Appellants’ claim based on an implied retainer. Accordingly, in so far as the
issue of liability are concerned, the appeal should be allowed.

61 Nonetheless, as the Appellants’ alternative case in tort presents novel and
intricate questions of law in the Singapore context, it would be beneficial to
consider what the situation would be if there had been no implied retainer.

Did Ng owe the Appellants a duty of care in tort?

Duty of care in tort and contract

62 Although the Judge appears to have adopted a contrary approach, the absence
of a contractual retainer does not of itself conclude the issue of the
Respondents’ potential legal liability in tort for negligence. Indeed, the
whole point of the law of negligence (which has its modern genesis in the
landmark decision of the House of Lords in _Donoghue v Stevenson_ [1932] AC
562) was that it enabled liability to be fixed on the defendant in a
principled fashion and (more importantly) in a situation where there would not
otherwise be liability in contract for the simple reason that there was no
contractual relationship between the defendant and the plaintiff in the first
place.

63 The distinction in the modern view between a finding of duty of care in
contract and tort may be stated thus (see the English Court of Appeal decision
of _Jarvis v Moy, Davies, Smith, Vandervell & Co_ [1936] 1 KB 399 at 405):

… where the breach of duty alleged arises out of a liability independently of
the personal obligation undertaken by contract, it is tort, and it may be tort
even though there may happen to be a contract between the parties, _if the
duty in fact arises independently of that contract_. … [emphasis added]

64 The question, thus, is whether there can be a duty of care in tort owing by
Ng to the Appellants that is _independent of_ any implied retainer.

The position under English law

(1) _Hedley Byrne_ : the pre-_White_ position

65 We now know that in the broader context of solicitor’s negligence under
English law, since at least the 1980s, a solicitor could owe a non-client a
duty of care. This was the consequence of the decision of the English High
Court in _Ross v Caunters_ [1980] 1 Ch 297 (“ _Ross_ ”), where Sir Robert
Megarry VC confirmed that not only was there no rule that a solicitor owed a
duty in respect of professional work solely in contract, but also that a
solicitor could be liable in negligence to a client, as well as to a third
party, where a _prima facie_ duty of care to the latter could be established
(see also _Charlesworth & Percy on Negligence_ (Christopher Walton gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2010) (“ _Charlesworth & Percy_”) at para 9-219).

66 In _Ross_ , solicitors who prepared a will failed to warn the testator,
when they sent it to him for execution, that it must not be witnessed by the
spouse of a beneficiary. One of the witnesses was the husband of a residuary
beneficiary. The gift to the beneficiary was rendered void as a result. When
sued, the solicitors accepted that they had been guilty of negligence, but
argued that they only owed that duty to the testator, and not the claimant who
was the dissatisfied beneficiary. The court held that liability to the
beneficiary was made out.

67 _Ross_ , however, was doubted in _White_ by both the majority and minority
(at 260–261 and 268 _per_ Lord Goff of Chieveley; and at 282–283 _per_ Lord
Mustill), even though the outcome in _White_ was the same as in _Ross_. A view
exists that the trend in _Ross_ culminated in _White_ but that in our view is
not strictly correct because the reasoning in _White_ was clearly different
and in some ways opposed to that in _Ross_ (see in this regard the succinct
analysis by Dawson J in _Hill v Van Erp_ (1997) 188 CLR 159 (“ _Van Erp_ ”) at
174–175, a decision of the High Court of Australia).

68 Before we delve deeper into the analysis and reasoning in _White_ , it is
apposite to briefly mention the relevance of _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller &
Partners Ltd_ [1964] AC 465 (“ _Hedley Byrne_ ”), the seminal House of Lords
decision which held (at 486) that a reasonable man who, knowing that he was
being trusted or that his skill and judgment were being relied on, gives the
information or advice sought without any qualification of responsibility, will
be taken to have accepted some responsibility for his answer being given
carefully, or to have accepted a relationship with the inquirer which requires
him to exercise such care as the circumstances require.

69 _Hedley Byrne_ has undoubtedly been accepted by our courts as forming part
of Singapore law. More importantly, it can be and has been explained under the
_Spandeck_ framework. This was done in the decision of this court in _Go Dante
Yap v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG_ [2011] 4 SLR 559 (“ _Go Dante Yap_ ”).
Thus, if the _Hedley Byrne_ principle applied to the present facts, there
would be no real point of controversy.

70 The problem is that _Hedley Byrne_ is not _directly_ engaged on the facts;
indeed, that may be why the Appellants did not cite that authority in support
of their position. The twin criteria for the _Hedley Byrne_ principle to apply
are: (a) an assumption of responsibility (sometimes referred to as voluntary
assumption of responsibility (although we think such terminology to be _ex
abundanti cautela_)) by the defendant; and (b) reliance by the plaintiff (see
_Go Dante Yap_ at [32] and [39]).

71 Applying the _Hedley Byrne_ principle to our facts and indeed to similar
fact patterns generally, it would be pushing the boundaries of sensible
argument to suggest that a solicitor in advising his client, with such advice
potentially being of benefit to a third-party associate of the client, had
undertaken to _that third party_ a responsibility to take care in the giving
of his advice. Similarly, it would strain the realm of reasonableness to argue
that such a third party who might have been ignorant of the solicitor’s
existence (as was the case in _White_) had _in fact_ relied on the solicitor’s
exercise of due care and skill in advising his client. However, this does not
necessarily mean that the concept of assumption of responsibility as such has
no legal significance for the present case whatsoever – a point to which we
will return in a moment when discussing the actual analysis in _White_ itself.

(2) The principle in _White_

72 These limits of _Hedley Byrne_ were adverted to by Lord Goff in _White_
who, for precisely those reasons, held (at 262 and 268) that _Hedley Byrne_
was _not_ an authority in support of the beneficiaries who had sued the
defendants (a legal executive and the solicitors firm which had been
instructed) for the latter’s negligence in preparing a will for its client,
the testator.

73 In essence, the testator had given his solicitors instructions to prepare a
will under which his two daughters would receive £9,000 each. The legal
executive did nothing to implement those instructions and the testator died
without the will having been executed. The daughters then sued and were given
judgment for £9,000 each by a majority of the House of Lords.

74 It is clear from Lord Goff’s analysis that he found the circumstances of
the case unique and not addressed squarely by any existing authority. Lord
Goff objected to the wide proposition established by _Ross_ on the ground that
“it would be impossible to place any sensible bounds” (see _White_ at 257). In
other words, he was concerned about the prospect of indeterminate liability
that might follow. His other concern was that in providing relief for pure
economic loss, _Ross_ had departed from orthodox tortious principles which
placed strict restrictions on claiming for pure economic loss (see _White_ at
257). Cases of assumption of responsibility falling under the _Hedley Byrne_
principle were, at that time, one of the very few exceptions that did not
offend the general prohibitions against relief for pure economic loss (see
_White_ at 257).

75 Yet, notwithstanding these conceptual difficulties, Lord Goff was clearly
persuaded that the disappointed beneficiaries in these situations had to have
a remedy. The law had a lacuna which needed to be filled (see _White_ at
259–260). The remedy to be “fashion[ed]” ultimately took the form of an
_extension_ (in contradistinction to application) of the _Hedley Byrne_
principle. The concept of liability for assumption of responsibility should
be, he held (at 268):

… in law to extend to the intended beneficiary who (as the solicitor can
reasonably foresee) may, as a result of the solicitor’s negligence, be
deprived of his intended legacy in circumstances in which neither the testator
nor his estate will have a remedy against the solicitor. …

76 That said, we must read _White_ in its proper context. Whilst it was a
momentous decision and remains so, that a solicitor can be sued by a third
party beneficiary is actually an exception rather than a general principle. As
Lord Goff explained in that very case (at 256):

[W]hen a solicitor is performing his duties to his client, he will generally
owe no duty of care to third parties. Accordingly, as Sir Donald Nicholls V-C
pointed out in the present case, a solicitor acting for a seller of land does
not generally owe a duty of care to the buyer ... Nor, as a general rule, does
a solicitor acting for a party in adversarial litigation owe a duty of care to
that party’s opponent … Further it has been held that a solicitor advising a
client about a proposed dealing with his property in his lifetime owes no duty
of care to a prospective beneficiary under the client’s then will who may be
prejudicially affected. …

77 It should also be noted that the actual decision in _White_ itself was by a
bare majority decision of three to two. That having been said, the minority
(comprising Lord Mustill and Lord Keith of Kinkel) focused on the fact that to
permit the third party beneficiaries in that case a remedy would be to confer
on them a benefit which they would not otherwise have received because of the
doctrine of privity of contract (although it should also be pointed out that
Lord Mustill rejected the extension of _Hedley Byrne_ because he adopted
viewed the concept of voluntary assumption of responsibility as being a
_direct_ one (see _White_ at 289)).

78 With respect, though, this is precisely one of the main issues before the
court: could practical justice be done in light of the fact that the doctrine
of privity of contract would otherwise preclude any remedy in favour of the
plaintiffs in that case? This, in turn, raised the issue as to whether or not
a remedy lay in the law of tort instead (which was, as we have seen, the
approach adopted by the majority). As we shall see, there is yet another issue
– whether or not there could nevertheless be an (alternative) remedy in the
_contractual_ sphere (see below at [102]–[114]).

Rationalising the principle in White v Jones

79 Looking at the judgments in _White_ , there is unfortunately, and we say
this with respect, not much explanation on what is meant by the _extension_ of
the concept of assumption of responsibility (see above at [75]). There are two
possible (and alternative) analyses and bases for the principle in _White_ :

(a) first, in addition to owing a duty of care to the client, the solicitor
also owes a duty of care to the third party, having assumed responsibility to
the third party to exercise care in the performance of the underlying
substantive obligation owed to the client; or

(b) secondly, the duty of care is still owed only to the client, but that the
_enforcement_ of that duty of care is extended to the third party.

80 We derive these two equally possible views from the _ratio decidendi_ of
_White_ which can be found in Lord Goff’s judgment (at 268):

… The present case is, if anything, a fortiori, since the nature of the
transaction was such that, if the solicitors were negligent and their
negligence did not come to light until after the death of the testator, there
would be no remedy for the ensuing loss unless the intended beneficiary could
claim. In my opinion, therefore, your Lordships’ House should in cases such as
these **_extend_** to the intended beneficiary a remedy under the _Hedley
Byrne_ principle by holding that the _assumption of responsibility by the
solicitor towards his client should be held in law to_** _extend_** _to the
intended beneficiary who_ (as the solicitor can reasonably foresee) may, as a
result of the solicitor’s negligence, be deprived of his intended legacy in
circumstances in which neither the testator nor his estate will have a remedy
against the solicitor. … [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

81 The main reason for the two possible interpretations can be ascribed to
just one word: “extend”. In particular, a remedy extending the solicitor’s
assumption of responsibility to the client to the third party could mean
either finding that the solicitor has assumed responsibility directly to the
third party _or_ that the client’s remedy for a solicitor’s breach of duty is
extended to the third party. We cannot conclude with confidence which of the
two interpretations was intended by Lord Goff.

82 This ambiguity is, with respect, unfortunate, occurring as it does in an
otherwise excellent as well as forward-looking judgment. That having been
said, looking at both the language and context of _White_ itself, Lord Goff
was more likely than not referring to the _first_ interpretation or
characterisation. As we shall see, this particular interpretation is not a
wholly untenable one and can be (perhaps, better) rationalised (albeit
_somewhat differently_) within the two-stage test laid down by this court in
_Spandeck_. However, as we shall also see, whether Lord Goff intended it or
not, there is _another alternative_ interpretation that has its roots,
instead, in _contract_ (_instead of_ tort), and which is, in fact, _a
rationalisation of the second interpretation_ just mentioned (see below at
[102]–[114]).

83 We do not, strictly speaking, have to decide this particular issue, that
is, which of the two bases is more coherent. This is because the parties in
our present case have presented their submissions on the basis that _White_
stands for the proposition that a duty of care may be owed by the solicitor to
the third party directly. Ng does not dispute this principle; his contention
is that the requisite proximity or nexus between him and the Appellants is not
made out. In his submissions, Ng helpfully concedes that whether a duty of
care and liability for a breach of that duty is visited upon him will be
determined by the principles in the case of _Spandeck_. He agreed that the
“the decision [in _White_] is correct given that the intended beneficiary
would suffer the loss of an inheritance if an intended will is not provided”.

84 We do, however, want to make some observations on _White_ , in part,
because it might provide some guidance for the future. We also think that some
attempt at clarification may assist other courts and commentators who have
been divided on which is the better view to take.

(1) Duty of care owed to third party

85 It is safe to say that the _first_ characterisation, which clearly locates
the relevant legal principle in the context of the law of _tort_ and which
results in a duty of care being owed by the defendant to the plaintiff in the
law of negligence, probably has stronger support. This can be inferred from
the fact that the preponderance of authorities still view the remedy in
_White_ as tortious, in the sense that the solicitor owes the third party a
duty of care _directly_ : see, for example, the English decisions of _Groom v
Selby_ [2001] Lloyd’s Rep Med 39 at 42; _Robinson v PE Jones (Contractors)
Ltd_ [2011] 1 BLR 206 at [72]; and _JD (FC) v East Berkshire Community Health
NHS Trust and Others_ [2005] Lloyd’s Rep Med 263 at [36]. The leading
treatises, _Charlesworth & Percy_ (at paras 9-217–9-229) and _Clerk & Lindsell
on Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2010) (“ _Clerk & Lindsell_”) (generally
at paras 10-112 to 10-118), to name but a few, also categorically consider
_White_ as a case of professional negligence in tort. It should be mentioned,
at this juncture, that the _second_ interpretation or characterisation
referred to above _also_ locates (in the first instance at least) the relevant
legal principle in the context of the law of _tort_ , although this particular
characterisation renders it more awkward – thus suggesting a _contractual_
approach instead and which is a point which is dealt with below (see below at
[102]–[114]).

86 The English Court of Appeal decision of _Carr-Glynn v Frearsons (a firm)_
[1999] 1 Ch 326 (“ _Carr-Glynn_ ”) provides one of the clearest examples of
the first characterisation. That case concerned a claim by a legatee against
solicitors who had been allegedly negligent in advising the testatrix. The
testatrix had executed a will drawn up by the defendant solicitors in which
she left the plaintiff legatee her share in a property which she jointly owned
with her nephew. However, the testatrix died without severing the joint
tenancy, with the result that her share in the property automatically vested
in her nephew. The gift to the plaintiff therefore became ineffective. The
plaintiff sued the defendants for breach of a duty of care owed to _her_ (the
plaintiff), to ensure that the testatrix was properly advised of the need to
severe the joint tenancy in order for the gift in her will to take effect.

87 The plaintiff’s claim was allowed by the court. Chadwick LJ (with whom
Butler-Sloss and Thorpe LJJ agreed) had this to say (at 337):

The key, as it seems to me, is to recognise that, in a case of this nature,
the duties owed by the solicitors are limited by reference to the kind of loss
from which they must take care to save harmless the persons to whom those
duties are owed. … The duty owed by the solicitors _to the testator is a duty
to take care that effect is given to his testamentary intentions_. …

The duty owed by the solicitors **_to the specific legatee_** is not a duty to
take care to ensure that the specific legatee receives his legacy. _It, also,
is a duty to take care to ensure that effect is given to the testator’s
testamentary intentions_. The loss from which the specific legatee is to be
saved harmless is the loss which he will suffer if effect is not given to the
testator's testamentary intentions. That is the loss of the interest which he
would have had as a beneficiary in an estate comprising the relevant property.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

88 The imposition on the solicitor of a duty of care which is owed to the
third party (the legatee under a will in that case) cannot be any clearer. The
third party, therefore, has a freestanding cause of action in tort against the
solicitor. This was also the position taken in a recent New South Wales Court
of Appeal decision, _Vagg v McPhee_ [2013] NSWCA 29 at [48]. The language used
there was “duty of care _to the beneficiaries_ ” [emphasis added].

89 Nevertheless, the first characterisation is, with respect, problematic, not
least because there is no real explanation for how this new obligation arises.
One possible explanation is that the assumption of responsibility towards the
client is _transferred_ to the third party. Arguably, that is what Lord Goff
might have meant when he justified his decision on an _extension_ of _Hedley
Byrne_. If that is so, Lord Goff appears to have ignored the conceptual
difficulties as to how the solicitor can be said to have assumed
responsibility to the third party or how the latter can be said to have relied
on the skill and expertise of the solicitor (see above at [71]). Indeed, it is
clear that the concept of assumption of responsibility set out in _White
cannot_ , looked at in this light, be a _direct or conventional_ one (which is
one reason why Lord Mustill differed from the views of the majority (see
_White_ at 289 as well as above at [77]); reference may also be made to Gary
Chan Kok Yew & Lee Pey Woan, _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ (Academy
Publishing, 2011) (“ _Chan_ ”) at paras 04.082 and 04.084). That this is the
case is confirmed in _White_ itself, where it was conceded that this
_extension_ of _Hedley Byrne_ did _not_ entail a (corresponding) _reliance_ by
the third party beneficiaries on the solicitor concerned (see, for example,
_per_ Lord Browne-Wilkinson in _White_ at 275; reference may also be made to
_Chan_ at para 04.082).

90 At least one commentator takes the view that Lord Goff “himself found it
impossible to divine an assumption of responsibility [to the beneficiaries]”
(see Jonathan Morgan, “The Rise and Fall of the General Duty of Care” (2006)
22(4) PN 206 at p 208).

91 We do not think that simply stating that the extension is a legal
imperative, necessitated by the need to do practical justice or fill what was
perceived to be an undesirable lacuna, suffices to get around the conceptual
difficulties inherent in recognising that a solicitor in the circumstances of
_White_ as well as the present case had assumed responsibilities towards a
third party. At this juncture, it would be appropriate to note that this
concern in _White_ to do practical justice, whilst laudable and needful on the
facts of the case itself, can raise other concerns. For example, it was
observed in _Jackson & Powell on Professional Liability_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th
Ed, 2012) (“ _Jackson & Powell_”) (at para 17-071, note 460) that “care needs
to be taken in applying [the] principle [in _White_]” as “ _White v Jones_ was
an exceptional case in which the House of Lords fashioned a remedy in order to
avoid injustice”.

92 More pertinently, perhaps, Assoc Prof Gary Chan, in his seminal work on the
law of tort in Singapore, not only viewed _White_ as involving a “fairly
unique scenario” (see _Chan_ at para 04.180) but also suggests that the focus
of the majority in that case on practical justice entailed a core reasoning
from _policy_ (see _Chan_ at paras 04.180 and 03.065). Whilst such a view is
very interesting and not without force, we will suggest below that the
decision in _White_ (and, indeed, the present case) is not merely premised on
what is the second stage in the two-stage test in _Spandeck_ but can, instead,
be rationalised along rather more conventional reasoning which focuses on the
_first_ stage of that test instead (relating to _proximity_ ; see also
generally below at [115]–[181]). We pause to observe that this approach is
preferable as it is inadvisable (given its very nature) to focus on policy in
the first instance, although it still has a role to play under the second
stage of the two-stage test in _Spandeck_.

93 Nevertheless, in our view, the outcome in _White_ can be justified on
principles of the law of negligence that are more developed and nuanced than
they were when _White_ was decided in 1995. We are constantly and aptly
reminded by the observation by Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe in the House of
Lords decision of _Customs and Excise Commissioners v Barclays Bank plc_
[2007] 1 AC 181 at [69] that the development of the tort of negligence has
never been steady and will probably continue to be bumpy:

… The development of the tort of negligence since the seminal case of
_Donoghue v Stevenson_ [1932] AC 562 has not been one of steady advance along
a broad front. It has been a much more confused series of engagements with
salients and beachheads, and retreats as well as advances. It has sometimes
been only long after the event that it has been possible to assess the true
significance of some clash of arms. …

94 The tortious nature of the remedy in _White_ will become clearer when we
explain the general fact pattern in _White_ under the two-stage test in
_Spandeck_ which focuses on factual foreseeability and proximity followed by
policy considerations (see below at [115]–[167]). Indeed, as we shall see, the
two-stage test in _Spandeck_ (in particular the requirement of _proximity_)
better accommodates even Lord Goff’s first interpretation (centring on
assumption of responsibility), albeit in a somewhat modified form (see below
at [146]–[162]).

95 It will suffice for the present time to note that, to the extent that the
concept of assumption of responsibility is merely a factor to be considered
pursuant to the application of the first stage of the two-stage test in
_Spandeck_ (in relation to the requirement of _proximity_), this approach
which locates assumption of responsibility within the overarching concept of
proximity is, with respect, preferable to that adopted in _White_ (see also
below at [159]). To elaborate, in _White_ , the concept of assumption of
responsibility was taken as _a legal test in and of itself_. With respect,
this constitutes a less satisfactory approach – not least because of the
various difficulties briefly set out above (especially at [89]).

(2) Duty of care owed to client but enforceable by third party

96 Turning, then, to the second interpretation or rationalisation, we do find
that particular characterisation attractive as well. It also has its
supporters. The decision of Neuberger J (as he then was) in the English High
Court decision of _X (an infant) v Woollcombe Yonge (a firm)_ [2001] Lloyd’s
Rep PN 274, in particular, cannot be ignored. With typical clarity, he said
(at 277):

The proper analysis of the decision of the House of Lords in  _White v Jones_
is that, in a case such as this, the **_only_** _duty owed by a solicitor_**
_is to the testator_** , but if (a) he was in breach of that duty, and (b) a
claimant did not receive a benefit under the testator’s will which he or she
would have received if the defendant had not been in breach of that duty, then
at least, on the face of it, _the claimant [third party] may have a claim for
damages arising out of the_** _defendant’s breach of duty to the testator_**.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

97 Neuberger J also referred to the following exposition of _White_ in
Chadwick LJ’s judgment in the decision of the English Court of Appeal of
_Worby and Ors v Rosser_ [1999] PNLR 972 at 977:

The remedy fashioned on [_sic_] _White v Jones_ was needed to fill a lacuna.
The remedy is provided in circumstances in which it can be seen that there is
a _breach of duty by the solicitor_** _to the testator_** in circumstances in
which the persons who have suffered loss from that breach will have no
recourse unless they can sue in their own right. In a case like  _White v
Jones_ the disappointed beneficiary suffers loss but the estate does not
because nothing that the solicitor has done or failed to do causes any
diminution in the estate. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

98 There are also others who have proposed the same rationalisation. In so far
as _White_ is concerned, the following extract in _Professional Negligence and
Liability_ (Mark Simpson QC and Lord Hoffmann eds) (Informa, 2013) at para
9.52 may be usefully noted:

… strictly speaking, it may not be the law that a duty is owed directly to the
intended beneficiary in such a case. Lords Nolan and Browne-Wilkinson took the
view that a duty was owed directly to the intended beneficiary. Lords Goff,
Mustill and Keith (the latter two law lords dissenting in the result) held
that no duty was owed directly to the intended beneficiary. _The duty is
owed_** _to the testator_** _, but – anomalously – an intended beneficiary
injured by a breach of that duty may recover damages from the negligent
solicitor_. ... [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

99 Notwithstanding this, the learned authors of _Professional Negligence and
Liability_ concede that the tortious, first characterisation of _White_ is
dominant. Immediately following the above extract is the following passage:

… The question whether a duty is **_directly owed to the intended
beneficiaries, or_** _instead whether the intended beneficiaries may recover
damages in respect of a breach of duty_** _owed to the testator_** _, may be
of little more than academic interest_. In many of the cases discussed below
the court has treated _White v Jones_ as establishing the **_existence of a
duty of care owed by the solicitor to the intended beneficiaries_**. [emphasis
added in italics and bold italics]

100 The extracts just quoted illustrate the difficulties in deciding, in
principle, which of the two characterisations is more appropriate.

101 In any event, like the first characterisation, this second
characterisation also has its own problems. In the main, there is great
uncertainty over which area of law the remedy would fall under. Where the
solicitor does not owe a duty of care to the third party, and the latter’s
right is not premised on a breach of a duty by the solicitor to him, some
mental and intellectual gymnastics would be required to declare the third
party’s claim one based on negligence. But if it is not a claim premised on
the law of tort, what could it be?

(3) A _possible_** _contractual_** analysis?

102 This brings us then to a third possible way of construing the remedy, that
is, _White_ may arguably be more appropriately situated within the domain of
_contract_ law. Indeed, looked at from another perspective, this third
characterisation is merely one way of _explaining or rationalising the second
interpretation, albeit by way of the contractual (instead of the tortious)
route._ We should caution before proceeding further that our views on this
point are at this juncture only tentative as we have not had the benefit of
full arguments in this particular regard. In any event, given our analysis
below (at [115]–[181]), it is unnecessary, on the facts of the present case,
to arrive at a definitive conclusion with respect to this particular approach.

103 This so-called third characterisation (or, as the case may be,
_explanation of_ the _second_ interpretation referred to above) was not
possible at the time the case was decided because of the rootedness of the
doctrines of privity (and consideration) (see below at [108]). Many
commentators have pointed to English law’s traditional, restrictive doctrine
of privity as the principal explanation for the expansion of the tort of
negligence in the field of pure economic loss in the late 20th century (see,
for example, Basil Markesinis, “An Expanding Tort Law – the Price of a Rigid
Contract Law” (1987) 103 LQR 354 and Simon Whittaker, “Privity of Contract and
the Tort of Negligence” (1996) 16 OJLS 191 (although it should be noted that
the latter author does acknowledge (at p 217) that possible reform could be
effected via _legislative_ means instead)). Dr Janet O’Sullivan certainly
seems to think that the court in _White_ were obvious in using the law of tort
to get around the strictures of privity (see Janet O’Sullivan, “Suing in Tort
Where No Contractual Claim Will Lie – A Bird’s Eye View” (2007) 22(3) PN 165
at p 172).

104 Subsequent developments in the law of contract that took place in the UK
after _White_ , namely, the 1999 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (c
31) (“the CRTPA”), now make this alternative contractual interpretation
possible, at least more so than in 1995 when _White_ was decided. Singapore
has its own Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B, 2002 Rev Ed)
which, for all intents and purposes, is similar to its UK counterpart.

105 The relationship to the CRTPA should be obvious by now. If _White_ is seen
as a case giving a right of enforcement to third parties who had a benefit
accruing to them pursuant to the relationship between two other contracting
parties, that would almost but not entirely be analogous to the law under the
CRTPA which confers on a third party the right to enforce a contractual term
if the term purports to confer on him a benefit.

106 The reason, however, why it may not be _entirely_ analogous is because it
has been said that the distinction between the situation in _White_ and the
CRTPA is that the retainer between the client and the solicitor does not
itself “purport to confer a benefit” on a third party directly, but is,
rather, “a contract to enable the client, at his discretion to confer a
benefit” (see Andrew Burrows, “Reforming Privity of Contract: Law Commission
Report No 242” [1996] LMCLQ 467 at p 473). Under the CRTPA, the right of a
third party to enforce a term is predicated on the contract expressly
providing that he may or if that term “purports to confer a benefit on him”.
An _incidental_ accrual of benefit is therefore insufficient to engage the
CRTPA (in this regard, see Yeo Tiong Min, “When do Third Party Rights Arise
Under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (UK)?” (2001) 13 SAcLJ
34 at p 49).

107 Thus, in its Report on the reform of the doctrine of privity, the Law
Commission of England and Wales (“the Law Commission”) considered but rejected
changing the prerequisite of conferment of benefit to allow a third party to
avail itself of the CRTPA as long as the contract contains a promise that is
_of benefit_ to the third party (see Law Commission, _Privity of Contract:
Contracts for the Benefit of Third Parties_ (Law Com No 242, 1996) (“ _Law
Commission 1996_ ”) at para 7.25). The Law Commission thought that _White_ was
sufficient in itself and had obviated the need for separate statutory reform.
However, had the House of Lords decided against the beneficiaries, the Law
Commission intimated (at para 7.27) that it would have “seriously contemplated
a separate provision – outside [their] general reform – giving prospective
beneficiaries a right to sue the negligent solicitor for breach of contract”.

108 What is interesting is the Law Commission’s view that, on a theoretical
level, the right of the prospective beneficiaries in situations such as
_White_ more properly belongs within the realm of contract than tort (see _Law
Commission 1996_ at para 7.27). A contractual characterisation of _White_ is
not, in fact, far off from what Lord Goff had originally contemplated. The
possibility that the remedy could be fashioned under the law of _contract_ was
something that had evidently crossed his mind. He even found that solution
“simpler” and “attractive” (see _White_ at 266). What stopped him, however,
were the shackles of the doctrine of consideration and privity which he
considered to be fundamental and best left to Parliament to legislate. One
wonders if Lord Goff might have changed his mind in the light of the
observations of the subsequent Law Commission Report (see _Law Commission_ at
Part IV on the issue of consideration), and the subsequent enactment of the
CRTPA.

109 Admittedly, this question is somewhat speculative in light of Lord Goff’s
rejection of the possible application of a common law exception referred to
below (at [111]), although this might have been due to his view that, on the
_facts_ of _White_ itself, this exception was not applicable (see _White_ at
266–267). That having been said, we note that there has been a persuasive
critique of Lord Goff’s rejection of this particular exception in _White_
itself – a point to which we shall return after we have briefly set out the
nature and scope of the common law exception just mentioned (see below at
[113]).

110 On the whole, we think that this approach might deserve further
consideration and exploration at an appropriate juncture in the future,
particularly as contract and tort law are much more developed and
sophisticated than 20 years ago. But until another case with fuller arguments
comes before the courts, that task is best left to academics and law reform
committees. Suffice it to state that, given the conceptual problems that
afflict the tort characterisation, profit may be had in exploring a different
characterisation. A contractual analysis may avoid some of those problems, but
we hasten to emphasise that this is only one possibility. There could yet be
others.

111 We pause to note briefly that a possible contractual analysis could entail
the development of an _entirely new_ exception at common law. However, it is
also possible that a court might have recourse to an _existing_ exception
which is embodied within the line of English House of Lords decisions (which
include _The Albazero_ [1977] AC 774; _Linden Gardens Trust Ltd v Lenesta
Sludge Disposals Ltd_ [1994] 1 AC 85; and _Alfred McAlpine Construction Ltd v
Panatown Ltd_ [2001] 1 AC 518 (reference may also be made to the English Court
of Appeal decision of _Darlington Borough Council v Wiltshier Northern Ltd_
[1995] 1 WLR 68)) and which has also been considered by this court (see
_Prosperland Pte Ltd v Civic Construction Pte Ltd and others_ [2004] 4 SLR(R)
129 and _Family Food Court (a firm) v Seah Boon Lock and another (trading as
Boon Lock Duck and Noodle House)_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 272 (“ _Family Food Court_
”)).

112 This particular exception has been discussed elsewhere (see generally _The
Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2012) at paras
15.087–15.109). It comprises two grounds – the narrow ground and the broad
ground, respectively – and was described as follows in _Family Food Court_ (at
[31]):

To this end, the English courts have formulated _two exceptions_ , which we
will refer to as “the narrow ground” and “the broad ground” respectively, to
the general rule that the plaintiff/promisee can only recover nominal damages
for a breach of contract where it has suffered no loss (for instance, where
the substantial loss is suffered by the third party who is the intended
beneficiary of the contract). These exceptions may possibly avail the agent
(who is the plaintiff/promisee) in a situation involving an undisclosed
principal. The narrow ground permits the plaintiff/promisee to recover
substantial damages on behalf of _the third party_. In _contrast_ , the broad
ground permits the plaintiff/promisee to recover substantial damages for its
own benefit on the basis that it is recovering for _its own_ loss.
“Substantial damages” in this context simply means damages which are more than
nominal damages. It should also be noted that it may be a misnomer to describe
the broad ground as an “exception” since it is in fact consistent with the
basic rationale of contract law. [emphasis in original]

113 It has, however, already been noted (see above at [108]) that Lord Goff
did in fact consider and reject the exception just mentioned in _White_
itself. This was, presumably, based on the facts in _White_. However, as also
noted above, there has been a persuasive critique in a characteristically
perceptive note on _White_ by Tony Weir, who observed as follows (see Tony
Weir, “A _Damnosa Hereditas_?” (1995) 111 LQR 357 at pp 358–359; _cf_ also
Peter Benson, “Should _White v Jones_ Represent Canadian Law: A Return to
First Principles” in _Emerging Issues in Tort Law_ (Hart Publishing, 2007)
(Jason W Nyers, Erika Chamberlain & Stephen G A Pitel eds), at pp 171–189):

We shall leave till later the question whether the holding was exceptional or
principled, and ask whether the case was extraordinary for the reason given.
More than 300 years ago Thomas Hobbes thought not: “ _damaging_ and _injury_
are often disjoyn’d: for if a Master command his Servant, who hath _promis’d_
to obey him, to pay a summe of money, or carry some present to a third man;
the Servant, if lie doe it not, hath indeed _damag’d_ this third party, but he
_injur’d_ his Master onely” (_De Cive_ , III.4). Hobbes’s example is
unnervingly close to our case, in which, indeed, Lord Mustill virtually echoed
him: “Take the simple case where A, knowing that B would like to have a gift
delivered to C, undertakes to convey it for him ... but does absolutely
nothing else. Would he be liable in damages to C? ... As I see it, the
position is precisely the same in the present case.”

In such situations, one may object, Hobbes’s Master and Lord Mustill’s B may
have suffered a loss as well as an injury, whereas in our case, as Lord Goff
says, the testator has suffered no loss. But is this quite accurate? First, as
Lord Goff himself stated, if a _life-time_ gift goes to the wrong person as a
result of the solicitor’s negligence, the client can sue him for the money he
would in any case have given away. If this is true, then surely such a claim
would survive for the client’s estate? If so, then why should the client’s
estate have no claim if the erroneous disposition occurs or was to occur after
death? Secondly, in 1979 the House of Lords allowed a plaintiff to recover
money he could never have enjoyed but could only have given away, because
(owing to the defendant’s tort) he was going to be dead when he would have
earned it. Lord Scarman said this: “The logical and philosophical difficulties
of compensating a man for a loss arising after his death emerge only if one
treats the loss as a non-pecuniary loss—which to some extent it is. But it is
also a pecuniary loss—the money would have been his to deal with as he chose,
had he lived” _(Pickett v British Rail Engineering Ltd_ [1980] A.C. 136 at p
170). If a person is prevented from benefiting whom he chooses, can it matter
whether this is because the wherewithal has been suppressed, as in _Pickett_ ,
or because his instructions have been ignored, as in _White_?

[emphasis in original]

It is clear, however, that the precise fact situation will be of the first
importance (a point which prompted Weir to also note, in fairness, the
difficulties in applying a contractual approach). It should also be borne in
mind that this particular exception to the doctrine of privity of contract at
common law is also subject to one important prerequisite – that the
contracting party concerned is _willing_ to sue the party in breach in the
first place (with such party being also willing to then transfer the damages
obtained from the party in breach to the third party).

114 However, unless and until _White_ is regarded as embodying a contractual
remedy, the tortious explanation remains the legal position (in this regard,
see also Hannes Unberath, _Transferred Loss: Claiming Third Party Loss in
Contract Law_ (Hart Publishing, 2003) at p 15). That is also the route which
we shall adopt, not only because the parties have treated _White_ as such, but
also because the case is consistent with and can be accommodated within the
two-stage test in _Spandeck_ – to which our attention now turns. Before
proceeding to do so, however, we note that there is at least one decision in
the Singapore context (which _antedated_ the House of Lords decision in
_White_) in which it was held that a legal assistant had assumed the
responsibility of acting as a solicitor for a plaintiff and her husband even
though he had not met them and had not raised any bill against them (see the
Singapore High Court decision of _Lee Siew Chun v Sourgrapes Packaging
Products Trading Pte Ltd and others_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 855 at [81]). This
decision by Michael Hwang JC was, in many ways, ahead of its time. However, it
must now be read in light of the two-stage test in _Spandeck_ which, as we
shall see, furnishes a coherent legal basis for the establishment of a duty of
care in this particular area of the law of negligence for pure economic loss
in the Singapore context.

Did Ng owe the Appellants a duty of care under the Spandeck test?

115 _Spandeck_ undoubtedly represents the modern interpretation of the law of
negligence in Singapore. As with any major decision, _Spandeck_ has been
discussed, applied and elaborated on in several subsequent cases. A
comprehensive examination of this branch of the law is captured in a recent
compendious and insightful article by Assoc Prof David Tan and Asst Prof Goh
Yihan entitled “The Promise of Universality – The _Spandeck_ Formulation Half
a Decade on” (2013) 25 SAcLJ 510 (“ _Tan & Goh_”). We will return to this
article in due course.

116 A more succinct description of the two-stage _Spandeck_ test which is
sufficient for our present purposes can be borrowed from this court’s decision
in _Go Dante Yap_ where it was observed as follows (at [28]):

In _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency_
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“ _Spandeck_ ”), this court laid down a single test to
determine the imposition of a duty of care in all claims arising out of
negligence in the context of pure economic loss (“the _Spandeck_ test”), and
rejected the English approach of a general exclusionary rule against the
recovery of pure economic loss (which, incidentally, appeared to have
influenced Stanley Brunton LJ’s view in _Robinson v Jones_ [[2011] EWCA Civ 9]
at [94] that a contractual duty of care did not give rise to a tortious duty
of care (see [20] above)). That the losses suffered by the Appellant in this
case were purely economic was therefore a relevant, but not overriding,
consideration. In addition, the _Spandeck_ test was held to be a two-stage
test comprising first, proximity, and second, policy considerations, which
were together preceded by the threshold question of factual foreseeability.
This court also made clear that the _Spandeck_ test was to be applied
incrementally with reference to analogous cases.

117 The core of the test lies in the first stage, a consideration of the
proximity and nexus between the parties; and in the second stage, policy
considerations. Significantly, the test of proximity (which is a _legal_ one)
could be applied on the basis of a number of possible criteria. These criteria
include the concepts of reliance as well as assumption of responsibility. We
also pause to note that, _before_ the two-stage test in _Spandeck_ is
administered, there is a _threshold_ requirement that there is factual
foreseeability – a requirement that, in the nature of things, is (as is the
case here) virtually always satisfied.

118 Before we address any issue of factual foreseeability of harm to the third
party, the specific alleged duty of care owed by Ng to the Appellants ought to
be formulated with care. In our view, the correct formulation can be found in
_Carr-Glynn_. There, the solicitor’s duty _to the third party_ was to take
reasonable care to ensure that the _client’s_ instructions are carried into
effect (see above at [87]).

119 At a higher level of generality, the solicitor’s duty to the third party
in these situations is to take reasonable care in performing his original
undertakings to the client. It is, in other words, the same duty of care that
the solicitor owed to their client. This makes eminent sense for it is the
solicitor’s failure to carry out his client’s instructions, or to perform his
undertakings with care, that results in the harm to the third party. The only
expectation that the third party can reasonably have as against the solicitor
is for the latter to take reasonable care in carrying out his duties owed to
the client. Put simply, the _content_ of the duty of care owed by the
solicitor to the third party must – in the absence of an express or implied
retainer between them – necessarily be ascertained by reference to the duty of
care which the solicitor owes to the client itself (_cf_ also _Jackson &
Powell_ at para 11-053).

120 What then is the breach of duty to _Agus_ that the Appellants are saying
is _also_ owed to _them_? This is essentially an incidental question as to the
scope of the solicitor’s undertakings and obligations to the client.

(1) Incidental question: existence and scope of Ng’s retainer with Agus

121 On the Appellants’ case, Ng’s instructions included advising Agus of the
existence and effects of the Personal Guarantee Clause. In our judgment, Ng
did owe Agus this obligation.

122 The _scope_ of a solicitor’s contractual duties to his client is informed
by the terms of the retainer between the solicitor and the client. Whilst
there is a need to ensure the highest standards in the legal profession, it is
also well-established at the same time that the duties of a solicitor to his
client are confined to the retainer between them (see, for example, the
English High Court decision of _Midland Bank Trust Co Ltd v Hett, Stubbs &
Kemp_ [1979] Ch 384 at 402). The retainer, in turn, is to be defined by
reference to what the solicitor is instructed to do by the client and how he
is expected to discharge his responsibilities in accordance with the notion of
a reasonably competent solicitor (see, for example, the Singapore High Court
decision of _Lie Hendri Rusli v Wong Tan & Molly Lim (a firm)_ [2004] 4 SLR(R)
594 (“ _Lie Hendri_ ”) at [45]).

123 By way of illustration, in the Privy Council decision of _Pickersgill v
Riley_ [2004] PNLR 31, R owned M Ltd and guaranteed its liabilities under a
28-year lease. When R wanted to sell M Ltd, he was unsuccessful in persuading
the landlord to release him from the guarantee. R then sold his shares in M
Ltd to a third party for £125,000 and obtained a counter indemnity from the
third party indemnifying him if he became liable under his guarantee to the
landlord. The solicitor who was sued acted for R in the sale of his shares to
W.

124 At the time of the sale both the solicitor and R thought W was a company
of substance but neither carried out any checks on W’s financial status. A few
years later, M Ltd became insolvent and R had to pay the landlord £56,152
under his guarantee. R looked to W but found that W had always been a shell
company with no assets. R then sued the solicitor for negligence.

125 At the time of the sale, R admitted that his solicitor had told him that
getting an indemnity from a corporation meant that if the corporation ever
became insolvent, then R would become a creditor and suffer like anyone else.
The solicitor had also said that if the corporation divested itself of its
assets, given the long lease, then it could avoid paying on the guarantee. R
succeeded at first instance and before the Court of Appeal in Jersey. They
held that the solicitor had a duty either to investigate W Ltd or to advise R
the risk he would be running if that were not done.

126 The Privy Council reversed the decision of the Jersey Court of Appeal and
held that the solicitor had discharged his duty in advising R about the risk
of taking a guarantee from a corporation. The solicitor’s duty did not extend
to advising on the commercial wisdom of obtaining the indemnity from W Ltd or
advising R to investigate the financial substance of W Ltd. R could not extend
the solicitor’s role from that of his solicitor acting on his instructions to
that of being his commercial adviser or to that of being his insurer against
his commercial misjudgment.

127 The Privy Council stated that the scope of a lawyer’s duty to his client
would depend upon the content of the instructions given and also on the
particular circumstances of the case. It is a duty that is not helpful to
describe in the abstract and it may vary depending on the characteristics of
the client. A youthful client, unversed in business affairs, might need
explanation and advice from his solicitor before entering into a commercial
transaction that would be pointless or even impertinent if given to an
experienced businessman.

128 The Privy Council also quoted with approval the following passage from
_Jackson and Powell on Professional Negligence_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed,
2002) as correctly stating the position:

In the ordinary way a solicitor is not obliged to travel outside his
instructions and make investigations which are not expressly or impliedly
requested by the client.

129 The Privy Council also cited with approval a passage from its earlier
decision in _Clark Boyce v Mouat_ [1994] 1 AC 428 (“ _Clark_ ”) that states as
follows (at 437):

When a client in full command of his faculties and apparently aware of what he
is doing seeks the assistance of a solicitor in the carrying out of a
particular transaction, that solicitor is under no duty to go beyond those
instructions by proffering unsought advice on the wisdom of the transaction. …

130 The present case is less straightforward because the Appellants have not
made clear, by way of primary evidence, what contractual obligations Ng
undertook in relation to the dispute with SGBT which first arose in 2008. No
letter of engagement was tendered as evidence by them. For that matter, Ng too
did not tender any letter of engagement. The omission by Ng is itself
surprising because if there was a written agreement which states that Ng’s
duties did not encompass advising Agus on the execution of the Security
Documents, Ng would be exonerated. Agus’s evidence is also unhelpful as it
does not delineate the scope of the Ng’s duties towards him.

131 The absence of the terms of the retainer between Ng and Agus is not in
itself fatal. The totality of the circumstances is paramount. First, it is not
disputed that Agus was experienced in dealing with bankers, having held top
positions in a handful of banks in his career before 2008. Yet, he decided to
engage Ng to assist him in his dispute with SGBT. Agus needed legal help. Ng
did help. He _did_ provide legal advice to Agus. He also received and made
proposals on Agus’s behalf at certain points. There is no suggestion at all
that Ng was neither competent nor diligent in his discharge of these duties
and instructions. He was Agus’s adviser from the beginning to the end.

132 Secondly, although there were pockets of time when Agus appeared to have
negotiated directly with SGBT, these were not significant enough to break the
nexus between Ng and Agus. Moreover, there is no suggestion by Ng or anyone
else that Ng was other than deeply involved in the dispute and was advising
Agus when the Security Documents were provided to Agus. On the evidence, he
was similarly involved when they were executed. There was therefore no
cleavage in the relationship between Ng and Agus.

133 By all accounts, Ng was not a passive mouthpiece through whom Agus
communicated his intentions. Ng was retained to and did provide advice to Agus
in relation to his dispute with SGBT.

134 In a typical solicitor-client relationship, the duty to explain documents
is basic (see _Clerk & Lindsell_ at paras 10-133 and 10-136), and all the more
so whenever the transaction involves the client signing documents. Although
only in passing, V K Rajah JC (as he then was) in _Lie Hendri_ observed (at
[52] and [55]) that solicitors acting for multiple parties in conveyancing
transactions had the following duties:

52 In dealing with _standard_ banking documentation in straightforward loan
arrangements, there will usually be no potential or actual conflict of
interests _provided_** _that the solicitor clearly and adequately explains to
the parties the ambit and purport of the documentation generating their
responsibilities and liabilities_** _._ …

…

55 This is not to say that a solicitor advising multiple clients in a standard
loan transaction performs a purely routine or ministerial task discharged by
merely greeting clients and reciting a standard incantation. **_He ought to
use his discretion, in every case, on the degree of detail, wealth of
explanation and extent of advice required to bring home the ramifications of
the legal documentation_**. …

[original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

135 Not every minutiae needs to be explained. However, Ng’s duty to explain
documents, as a reasonable solicitor in his position, must have included the
duty to draw Agus’s attention to any pitfall, particularly any hidden pitfall,
that the documents might contain. As Sir Thomas Bingham MR observed in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Reeves v Thrings & Long_ [1996] PNLR 265
at 275:

It will always be relevant to consider what the solicitor is asked to do, the
nature of the transaction and the standing and experience of the client. Thus
on the facts, [Sheppard] was not retained to advise on the wisdom of offering
the price [Reeves] had informally agreed to pay … _But it was in my view
[Sheppard’s] duty to draw [Reeves’s] attention to any pitfall, particularly
any hidden pitfall, the contract might contain_. [emphasis added]

136 The duty to bring to light any term which is out of place in the documents
is a basic one, and flows from the duty of the solicitor to be responsible for
the documents which his client will ultimately sign. It does not mean that the
solicitor must hold his client’s hand and walk him through every line. For
some cases that may be necessary, but for others it may not. It depends on the
circumstances of each case.

137 Nevertheless, the basic principle undergirding all instances by way of a
general principle is the recognition that it is the solicitor’s duty to ensure
that his client _understands_ the document that he is committing his name to.
If adverse terms are not highlighted, it cannot, in our view, be said that the
client had appreciated the effect of what he was signing. Viewed in this
light, Ng’s case that his duty to Agus was only to implement the Forbearance
Agreement, period, without any corresponding duty to check through the
Security Document, cannot, with respect, be right.

138 It would be very different if the alleged failure here concerns advice
given (or the lack thereof) on the commercial merits of a transaction or on
the wisdom of a particular course where the client is in full possession of
his faculties and apparently aware of what he is doing. It has been held in
_Clark_ that a solicitor does not generally owe such an extensive duty in such
a situation.

139 In the circumstances of the present case, even though the scope of the
retainer was not captured in a written document, we are satisfied that Ng must
have at the minimum been retained and instructed to (a) explain to Agus the
contents of correspondence and proposals from SGBT and its lawyers and (b)
advise Agus generally on the consequences of the contents. This duty
necessarily encompasses advising on the contents and effects of the terms in
the Security Documents.

140 Accordingly, Ng was obliged to advise Agus of the contents and effects of
the terms in the Security Documents, which includes the Personal Guarantee
Clause. Together with the general rule that solicitors are bound to exercise a
reasonable degree of care, skill and knowledge in _all_ legal business that
they undertake (_Charlesworth & Percy_ at para 9-213), it follows that Ng owed
Agus a duty to take reasonable care in advising him of the contents and
effects of the Security Documents, especially the Personal Guarantee Clause.

141 We now consider if the circumstances are such as to justify the imposition
of this duty of care on Ng _vis-à-vis the Appellants_ as well. We begin this
inquiry with an assessment of the first stage of the _Spandeck_ test.

(2) Factual foreseeability and proximity

(A) Foreseeability of loss

142 It is patently foreseeable that a solicitor’s failure to take reasonable
care in performing instructions under a retainer which, if performed properly
would provide a benefit or negative a detriment to a third party, will result
in harm to the third party. The connection between the undertaking and the
third party is so direct and strong that a failure to perform the undertaking
with care would in most, if not all, cases some form of harm to the third
party.

143 There can be no doubt that it was factually foreseeable that should Ng
fail to take reasonable care in advising Agus of the contents of the Security
Documents, in particular the existence and effect of the Personal Guarantee
Clause, loss to the Appellants would be occasioned. This preliminary threshold
of factual foreseeability is therefore crossed.

(B) Proximity

144 Factual foreseeability of harm is of course only one part of the first
requirement under the _Spandeck_ test. The Appellants will also need to
establish that there is the requisite degree of proximity between them and Ng.
It is insufficient for the Appellants to show that Ng owes Agus a duty of care
by reason of their solicitor-client relationship, as the basis of the
Appellants’ claim in tort, following _White_ , is that a duty of care is owed
by the solicitor to _the third party_.

145 The emphasis of proximity is on the “closeness” and “directness” of the
relationship between the parties (see _Spandeck_ at [77]–[78]). In the case of
an implied retainer which we have found exists between Ng and the Appellants,
except in exceptional cases, it would generally be the case that a solicitor
and client who have between them a contractual retainer for a specific purpose
would have the sufficient closeness and directness necessary to impose
tortious liability. Indeed, it is difficult to imagine a stronger case of
proximity; the very fact that a _contractual relationship_ (which is itself
legal in nature) exists between the parties means that there must, _ex
hypothesi_ , be a sufficient relationship of proximity.

146 _Leaving aside_ the situation of an implied retainer for the sake of
argument, we are still of the view that there is sufficient proximity. Where a
solicitor’s instructions from a client include or has as its _effect_ the
conferment of a benefit or negativing a detriment to a third party, and the
solicitor undertakes _to the client_ to fulfil that instruction, he would have
brought himself into a direct relationship with the third party, even if the
latter may not have personal knowledge of the transaction or the solicitor.

147 There are at least two levels of proximity at play in the present case.
The first is relational or circumstantial proximity. The relationship between
the solicitor and client on the one hand and with the third party on the other
is direct and close because of the nature of the instructions from the client.
The client’s wish to benefit the third party can only be effected through the
solicitor’s careful performance of his legal services to the client.

148 Ng was keenly aware that at least a part of his services was retained
_precisely_ to ensure that _the third parties’_ (_ie_ , the Appellants’)
interests were taken care of. He knew of the relationship between Agus and his
sons, including the fact that his sons were young and subservient to their
father’s wishes. He was also alive to Agus’s concern that his sons not have to
personally guarantee his debts. Ng’s particular knowledge of the state of
affairs at play supports a finding of proximity (for the possibility of
knowledge as a “standalone” proximity factor, see _Tan & Goh_ at para 26).

149 The second level of proximity at play is causal proximity in the sense
that Ng was plainly cognisant of the direct repercussions of his actions, or
inaction, on the Appellants’ interests. Ng was in a position where his advice
or the lack thereof to Agus would have inevitable knock-on effects on the
interests of the Appellants. It is true that causal proximity might on this
reasoning be found in all such tripartite situations. However, it should be
axiomatic by now that the determination of proximity is always an exercise of
assessing the _degree_ of directness and closeness between the parties in the
specific circumstances that they found themselves in, having regard to the
precise facts and circumstances of the case.

150 In our view, the relational or circumstantial proximity and causal
proximity extant in this case can each independently found a duty of care
under stage one of _Spandeck_. Additionally, there is also physical proximity
in our present case that was not present in _White_ , and which buttresses the
imposition of the duty of care on Ng. The physical proximity extant between Ng
and the Appellants alone renders the imposition of a duty of care stronger in
our case as compared to _White._

151 In _White_ , the third party was _technically_ invisible; the solicitor
knew of the beneficiaries but the converse was not true. There was no contact
between the beneficiaries and the solicitor. In our case, on the other hand,
the third parties were _known_ to the solicitor. Ng did, in fact, provide
instructions to the Appellants – who knew that Ng was advising their father,
Agus – on how and where they should append their signatures to the Security
Documents.

152 We think that the authors of _Tan & Goh_ have in mind the same idea,
albeit under a different label, when they talk about the element of “control”
as a proximity factor. They say this (at para 31):

Control is often discussed in relation to the defendant’s control over the
_source of the risk of harm to the claimant or a class of individuals of which
the claimant is a member_. For example, in scenarios where one serves alcohol
to an individual, with the result that either the intoxicated individual
subsequently injures himself/herself or someone else, courts may focus their
inquiry on _whether the server had control over the risk of harm_ (a first-
stage _Spandeck_ proximity issue) … [emphasis added]

153 Their reference to the House of Lords decision of _Reeves v Commissioner
of Police of the Metropolis_ [2000] 1 AC 360 is illuminating. In that case, an
inmate who the police were informed was a suicide risk hanged himself in a
prison cell. The plaintiff, who was the administratrix of the inmate’s estate,
argued that the police were in breach of a duty of care to take reasonable
steps to prevent the inmate’s suicide. Although the existence of a duty to the
inmate to take reasonable care to prevent him from committing suicide was
conceded by the Commissioner of Police, Lord Hoffmann alluded (at 369) that he
would, in any case, have found that such a duty existed. Such a duty of care
to the inmate, although very unusual, arises “from the complete control which
the police or prison authorities have over the prisoner, combined with the
special danger of people in prison taking their own lives”.

154 There may not be complete symmetry, but we think that the same reasoning
centred on the degree of control applies (in this regard, see also Susan
Watson & Andrew Willekes, “Economic Loss and Directors’ Negligence” [2001] JBL
217 at pp 236–237). Ng was, in many ways, in complete control over the actions
of the client (and in this case, also the Appellants). Borrowing a phrase from
_Tan & Goh_ (at para 31), Ng’s “capacity … to control the situation that might
give rise to the risk of harm” is a critical consideration. The authors also
opined that the vulnerability of the plaintiff is relevant; we agree and need
only say that, on the basis of the foregoing, it is relatively clear that the
Appellants were relatively vulnerable. They depended on Ng to perform his
obligation of advising Agus of the existence and effects of the Personal
Guarantee Clause which, had it been done, would unquestioningly have resulted
in the Appellants _not_ signing the Security Documents.

155 Although we have identified various connections of proximity between Ng
and the Appellants, we remain hesitant to use the language of assumption of
responsibility _to the third party_ in assessing proximity between the parties
here – at least in its _direct_ sense. In general, it is sufficient in our
view to say that the solicitor’s assumption of responsibility to the client to
perform the specific instructions – which is incontrovertible – sets the stage
and creates the environment necessary to the incidental but direct and close
relationship to the third party.

156 Based on the above analysis of the various proximity factors in such third
party situations, we are of the view that we would have arrived at the same
conclusion as the majority of the House of Lords did in _White_ , that is, to
impose a duty of care on the solicitors. Given that the relationship between
Ng and the Appellants was closer and more direct than that of the solicitor
and beneficiaries in _White_ , there is no doubt in our minds that the
situation here was an _a fortiori_ one to that in _White_ , and that there was
therefore sufficient proximity between Ng and the Appellants to impose on Ng
_vis-à-vis_ the Appellants the same duty to take care in his advice to Agus.
This is so even in the absence of an implied retainer.

157 Notwithstanding this, the significance of some form of assumption of
responsibility should not be discounted entirely. It is this assumption of
responsibility _to the client_ to perform the client’s instructions which
confers a benefit or negatives a detriment to a third party and which serves
as the foundation for the identification of proximity to the third party that
justifies the imposition of a duty of care under the first stage of the
_Spandeck_ test. It is not _direct_ in the sense of being the basis of the
duty of care; as we have shown above, the basis is better rationalised by
reference to the relational or circumstantial, causal or physical proximity
that exists between the solicitor and the third party.

158 In this regard, we gratefully refer to the observation of Lord Griffiths
in the House of Lords decision of _Smith v Eric S Bush_ [1990] 1 AC 831 at
862:

… the phrase “assumption of responsibility” can only have any real meaning if
it is understood as referring to the circumstances in which the law will deem
the maker of the statement to have assumed responsibility  _to the person who
acts upon the advice_. [emphasis added]

159 If, however, the court was minded to adopt, as the basis of its decision,
the concept of assumption of responsibility, this could _not_ (as already
explained above at [89]) be effected in the _direct or conventional_ sense.
That is why, as also explained above, there could be _no_ (corresponding)
concept of _reliance_ operating in a simultaneous fashion. Looked at in this
light, such a (_modified_) conception of the concept of assumption of
responsibility is, in fact, more consistent with the two-stage test in
_Spandeck_ than with the then existing (or even present) English law.
Correlating this particular conception of the concept of assumption of
responsibility with the two-stage test in _Spandeck_ would in fact be useful
from at least two points of view.

160 First, it would avoid treating assumption of responsibility as a kind of
legal fiction (as to which, see, for example, Hugh Evans, _Lawyers’
Liabilities_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2002) at para 1-06) inasmuch as it would have
substantive as well as normative significance from a legal perspective (being
tied, as it were, to the requirement of _proximity_ under the first stage of
the two-stage test in _Spandeck_). Secondly, as also noted above (at [95]),
such an approach would also render the concept of assumption of responsibility
merely _a factor_ in determining whether or not there was sufficient proximity
pursuant to the first stage of the two-stage test in _Spandeck_ – as opposed
to (as was the case in _White_) treating the concept of assumption of
responsibility as _a legal test, in and of itself_.

161 The concept of _reliance_ , however, remains elusive. We are unable to
accept an argument that third parties who did not even know that they were
third parties, as is the case of beneficiaries under a will not made known to
them, can be said to have placed reliance on the solicitor’s care and skill (a
point which was also acknowledged in _White_ itself (see also above at [89]
and below at [162]). That argument remains one step too far. Lord Goff’s
“extension” of the _Hedley Byrne_ basis of liability which rests on the twin
criteria of assumption of responsibility and reliance is therefore, in our
view, better explained by an assumption of responsibility (to the client) that
provides the foundation for proximity between the solicitor and the third
party. Reliance plays no part in this analysis.

162 It may well be argued that reliance need _not_ be present in limited
situations and that the _White_ fact pattern is one of those. Such an argument
is certainly not untenable (see for example, _per Browne-Wilkinson_ in _White_
at 275 as well as above at [89] and [161]), although we would defer addressing
this very interesting issue to a more appropriate case.

163 Finally and before we leave the issue of proximity, we note that the
term(s) of the contract between the solicitor and client may be relevant to
the question of a duty of care between the solicitor and the third party.
However, as this point does not arise on the facts of the present case, no
further elaboration is required at the moment.

(3) Policy considerations and conclusion

164 We have thus far been dealing only with the (threshold) requirement of
factual foreseeability as well as the _first_ requirement of the two-stage
test in _Spandeck_ of _proximity_. In this last-mentioned regard, it is clear
that the inquiry is a heavily _fact-centric_ one. In so far as the _second_
requirement in relation to policy considerations is concerned, we are of the
view (for the sake of completeness) that there are no policy factors which
would negate the specific duty of care that we have found has arisen. That is
so both in the presence and absence of an implied retainer.

165 The conclusion is obvious when there is a contractual relationship between
the parties. It is so self-evident that the court assumes (as a matter of law)
that there is (as already mentioned) a duty of care owed by the defendant to
the plaintiff _concurrently_ in both contract as well as in tort. We note that
the preponderance of authority in favour of concurrent liability is
overwhelming (see, for example, _Charlesworth & Percy_ at para 9-213).

166 We do not see any generally applicable policy reason to hold differently
in the absence of a retainer but where the circumstances are such as in
_White_ or the present case. Indeed, if there are any relevant policy factors,
they would point in the _opposite_ direction. Upholding high standards of
competence and diligence should be an ambition that a noble profession such as
ours should strive towards and be proud of. The imposition of a duty on
solicitors to exercise reasonable care even towards third parties in
particular situations advances that desirable policy. We must, however,
caution against thinking that the bar is set impossibly high (for lawyers) to
the extent that lawyers and law firms have little choice but to transfer those
costs downstream to their clients, thereby decreasing access to justice. This
is a policy reason, no doubt, but one that is more properly located in an
assessment of the appropriate _standard_ of care.

167 Therefore, the first stage of factual foreseeability and proximity and the
second stage of policy considerations point towards the imposition on Ng of a
duty to the Appellants to take care in advising Agus of the existence and
effects of the Personal Guarantee Clause.

(5) Standard of care and breach

168 Liability is not strict, but should be found only if the solicitor failed
to take reasonable care in discharging his obligations. The standard of care
and skill which can be demanded from a solicitor is that of a reasonably
competent and diligent solicitor (see, for example, _Charlesworth & Percy_ at
para 9-232).

169 The third question therefore is whether Ng had taken the same care that a
reasonably competent and diligent solicitor would in discharging his
obligation to advise Agus of the contents of the Security Documents, in
particular the existence and effects of the Personal Guarantee Clause? The
answer is, unfortunately for Ng (and consequently, NCH), in the _negative_. As
the Judge also observed (at [14] of the Judgment), in the main, the failure to
advise Agus was plainly an oversight by Ng.

170 Ng’s case is that he was not aware of Agus’s position on the issue of
personal guarantees by the Appellants after 16 October 2008 when SGBT rejected
Agus’s proposals and terminated the credit facility. He therefore assumed that
everything in the Security Documents was consistent with what Agus had agreed
in direct negotiations with SGBT.

171 This submission, with respect, misses the point. It is irrelevant what Ng
thought of the terms of the Security Document. The issue is whether pointing
out to Agus the existence of the Personal Guarantee Clause was something that
he ought to have done, and if he did not do so, whether was it because he had
not taken reasonable care.

172 It is more likely than not, in our view, that Ng simply failed to spot the
Personal Guarantee Clause. First, it is not enough for Ng to say that he
thought that Agus had agreed to reinsert the Personal Guarantee Clause. From a
quick perusal of the Forbearance Agreement which is no longer than six pages,
it is clear from cl 1.5 of the Forbearance Agreement that the only guarantors
under the agreement were SSTPL and SITPL. The Appellants’ names were absent
from the clause on guarantees. This fact should have operated on Ng’s mind
when he received the Security Documents from TPC. Moreover, Ng was aware that
the guarantees which had to be procured were an integral element of the
Forbearance Agreement. In an earlier letter to Agus, he had specifically
highlighted that only SSTPL and SITPL had to issue corporate guarantees.

173 Secondly, the submission that Agus must have known what “first legal open
mortgage” in the Forbearance Agreement meant and therefore Ng had no real
reason to think that the existence of the Personal Guarantee Clause was
suspicious is unpersuasive. In the first place, “first legal open mortgage” is
certainly not a term that can be said to be commonly used and understood in
conveyancing transactions. Further, we do not think that Ng’s argument that
Agus knew what a “first legal open mortgage” was because TPC had explained it
to him before in a letter on a previous occasion in July 2008 carries his case
very far. TPC’s letter refers to “all moneys legal mortgage”, not “first legal
open mortgage”. Superficially, the two already look like different concepts.
Even if they are substantively similar, it cannot be so readily assumed that
Agus must have known what a “first legal open mortgage” is, such that Ng was
justified in thinking that the Personal Guarantee Clause was consistent with
what Agus had agreed to. A reasonably competent and diligent solicitor would
do well to err on the side of caution particularly in relation to the
understanding of a legal term which he has never provided direct advice on.

174 Ng’s case gives the impression that he had seen the Personal Guarantee
Clause but thought it unnecessary to flag it out because that was what Agus
already knew and agreed to. That is rather inconsistent with the case theory
in the Respondents’ pleadings (see above at [35]). But there are other more
serious issues, the chief of which is that Ng’s correspondence with Agus and
the Appellants on the Security Documents does not quite bear that out.

175 In his cover letter to the Appellants sent to Agus’s office, Ng explained
the various documents and gave specific guidance on who needed sign which
document. Under one section headed “Guarantees”, the explanation and
instruction was:

Two (2) Guarantees, each to be signed by:-

(a) Scotts Skyline Trust Pte Ltd [SSTPL]; and

(b) Scotts Island Trust Pte Ltd [SITPL].

* The Director and Director/Secretary of [SSTPL], please sign on page 15 at the places marked “X” …

* Mr Patrick Adrian Anwar (as Director of [SITPL]), please sign on page 15 of the Guarantee.

176 In many ways, Ng was simply following the layout of the cover letter which
he received from TPC. Consistent with the Forbearance Agreement, TPC’s letter
also had a “Guarantees” section which only listed SSTPL and SITPL as the two
guarantors. A powerful argument might therefore be made that Ng was not
negligent; the Personal Guarantee Clause was completely unexpected given cl
1.5 of the Forbearance Agreement and TPC’s cover letter. However, looked at in
another way, Ng accepted TPC’s cover letter as accurately representing the
description of the contents of the Security Documents. He then used it and
assumed that only SSTPL and SITPL needed to give guarantees.

177 On balance, a reasonably competent and diligent solicitor going through
the Security Documents with the knowledge that those documents were integral
to his client’s interests and the interests of third parties affiliated to his
client would probably have picked up the Personal Guarantee Clause. Of
significant importance too is the fact that Ng knew that Agus had previously
intimated to SGBT that he did not want his sons to have any personal
liability. A reasonably competent and diligent solicitor in the same
circumstances would probably have thought, at minimum, that the existence of
the Personal Guarantee Clause was noteworthy enough to be flagged to the
client.

178 Ng might have a stronger case if the Personal Guarantee Clause was hidden
amongst some fine print in the Security Documents, or was sandwiched in the
middle of a long paragraph across several pages. It is conceivable that a
reasonably competent and diligent solicitor may, in very exceptional
circumstances including but not limited to absurd time pressures and copious
amount of paperwork, fail to notice an adverse clause.

179 The present facts are far from that sort of exceptional situation. The
Personal Guarantee Clause was in the first line under the first section titled
“Covenants and Conditions”. The first line reads as follows:

The Borrower and the Mortgagor HEREBY JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY COVENANT with the
Mortgagee as follows:

1\. (i) To pay to the Mortgagee on demand all sums of money now due and owing
under the Facilities and such sums of money which are now or shall from time
to time or at any time hereafter be owing or remain unpaid to the Mortgagee by
the Borrower in any manner …

180 With all due respect to Ng, the line is quite difficult to miss. The Judge
was perhaps being kind in his observation that Ng was “not careful” (see the
Judgment at [14]).

181 In conclusion on this particular issue of tortious liability, Ng had a
duty to take reasonable care in advising Agus of the contents of the Security
Documents. This duty was owed not just to Agus but also to the Appellants on
account of the close proximity between Ng and the Appellants, and the
foreseeability of harm should Ng fail to take reasonable care (coupled with
the absence of any policy factor to the contrary). Had he taken reasonable
care in scrutinising the Security Documents, he would have spotted the
Personal Guarantee Clause and without a doubt would have informed Agus (and
possibly even the Appellants) of the existence of the clause. His failure to
do so is a breach of his duty of care the Appellants for which liability in
tort under the principle in _White_ can be imposed (even in the absence of a
contractual relationship between him and the Appellants).

(4) Coda (1) – _Van Erp_

182 There is at least one other judgment that we have seen that has adopted
similar reasoning. In _Van Erp_ , a solicitor prepared a will for a client
upon the client’s instructions that it was to include a testamentary
disposition to a friend of the client, one Mrs Van Erp. When the will was
being executed, the solicitor asked the husband of Mrs Van Erp to attest it
which under a written law had the effect that the disposition was null and
void. After the death of the client, Mrs Van Erp sued the solicitor for
damages in negligence.

183 The High Court of Australia (with only McHugh J dissenting) held that the
solicitor was in breach of a duty of care owed to the third party beneficiary.
But it is the judgment of Dawson J that is illuminating. He said (at 184):

In my view, the relationship between the solicitor, Mrs Hill, and the intended
beneficiary, Mrs Van Erp, was _one of proximity_ which did give rise to a duty
of care on the part of Mrs Hill towards Mrs Van Erp. _No single factor, such
as an assumption of responsibility by the solicitor, leads me to that
conclusion_. The relevant circumstances are more complex than that. [emphasis
added]

184 He went on to elaborate (at 186) on what we have explained as the
assumption of responsibility in an _indirect_ sense:

Thus, when a solicitor accepts responsibility for carrying out a client’s
testamentary intentions, he or she cannot, in my view, be regarded as being
devoid of any responsibility to an intended beneficiary. The responsibility is
not contractual but arises from the solicitor’s undertaking the duty of
ensuring that the testator’s intention of conferring a benefit upon a
beneficiary is realised. In a factual, if not a legal sense [footnote
omitted], that may be seen as assuming a responsibility not only to the
testatrix but also to the intended beneficiary.

185 The learned judge also, like us, had difficulty with placing emphasis on
the aspect of reliance by Mrs Van Erp (at 186):

In the present case there was _no reliance_ upon the solicitor by Mrs Van Erp
nor did she request her to do anything for her. Mrs Van Erp did not change her
position in reliance upon anything said or done by the solicitor. It is true
that Mrs Van Erp was told that she was a beneficiary under the will and took
no steps to protect her position. In that way it might be said that she relied
upon the solicitor to carry out the testatrix’s instructions carefully.
However, I make no point of that in the present case [footnote omitted]
[emphasis added].

186 Dawson J rounded off his judgment with a caveat that may be obvious but is
nonetheless worth repeating (at 188–189):

For all of these reasons, I am of the view that a solicitor retained to draw
up and attend to the execution of a will is in a relationship of proximity
with an intended beneficiary under the will. That relationship gives rise to a
duty to exercise reasonable skill and care in the performance of those tasks.
That will be so whether or not the intended beneficiary knows of the bequest.
The duty arises from the special considerations involving testamentary
dispositions which I have discussed above. _There is nothing in what I have
said which is intended to convey the view that whenever a person’s performance
of a contractual obligation may, if performed negligently, injure a third
party’s economic interests, that person owes the third party a duty of care.
Nor is anything I have said intended to convey the view that, other than in a
case of the present kind, a solicitor owes a duty of care to persons other
than his client whose interests may be affected by the solicitor’s performance
of his or her duties to the client. The duty of care which I would recognise
in the present case_** _arises from the particular relationship between the
parties, that relationship being analogous to other relationships of proximity
in which a duty of care has been held to arise_**. It is that which, in
addition to the foreseeability of harm, provides the basis in this case for
the recognition of tortious liability for negligence. [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

187 It should, however, be noted that the law relating to negligence for pure
economic loss in the Australian context is premised, in the main at least, on
a _multi-factorial_ approach and is thus different from the two-stage test in
_Spandeck_ which represents the relevant law in the Singapore context. That
this is the case is evident, for example, from the fact that, whilst not
wholly dispensing with the _concept_ of proximity, it was clear that the court
in _Van Erp_ did _not_ (unlike the law in the Singapore context) endorse it as
a fundamental _principle_ as such. Nevertheless, all this does not detract in
any way from the _general_ reasoning of the court in _Van Erp_ with regard to
the concept of assumption of responsibility as described briefly in the
preceding paragraphs.

(5) Coda (2) – _Spandeck_ and _White_ : a summary

188 We have already sought to locate _White_ within the legal framework
furnished by the two-stage test in _Spandeck_. It might therefore be
appropriate to summarise the various points which have been made in this
particular regard before proceeding to consider the next (and final) main
issue in this appeal, namely, whether the Appellants are entitled to the
reliefs claimed.

189 The _governing principles_ are to be found in the two-stage test in
_Spandeck_. Indeed, this particular test applies across the relevant Singapore
legal landscape and this is demonstrated in the governing law in related areas
such as nervous shock and occupiers’ liability (see the decisions of this
court in _Ngiam Kong Seng and another v Lim Chiew Hock_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 674
and _See Toh Siew Kee v Ho Ah Lam Ferrocement (Pte) Ltd and others_ [2013] 3
SLR 284, respectively). These governing principles are, in fact, consistent
with the _decision_ in _White_. However, they _differ from_ the actual
_principle_ applied in _White_ itself. In _White_ , the majority of the court
applied a _modified_ version of the concept of assumption of responsibility
inasmuch as it entailed _neither_ a _direct_ undertaking from the defendant to
the third party _nor reliance_ by the third party on the defendant. More
importantly, the concept of assumption of responsibility constituted _a legal
test, in and of itself_ , in so far as the decision rendered in _White_ was
concerned.

190 The concept of assumption of responsibility (in its more direct and
conventional form) is nevertheless _still relevant_ in the _Singapore_
context, _but only_ as _a factor_ in ascertaining whether or not there was
sufficient _proximity_ between the defendant and the plaintiff (including a
third party) pursuant to the _first stage_ of the two-stage test in _Spandeck_
; _unlike White_ , it does _not_ constitute _a legal test, in and of itself_.

191 Finally, it bears reiterating that _the governing law in the Singapore
context is the two-stage test in Spandeck_. Needless to say, the _precise
facts_ of each case are very important.

Are the Appellants entitled to the reliefs claimed?

192 The Respondents’ only defence to the damages representing the settlement
sum of US$1m and legal fees of $325,287.71 rests on two planks:

(a) first, in relation to only the settlement sum, that it was not reasonable;
and,

(b) second, that, in any event, the Appellants did not suffer any loss because
both the settlement sum and the legal fees which they are claiming were paid
for by others.

193 We shall deal with the second plank first.

Source of the Appellants’ funds

194 It is a fact that the legal fees arising from the dispute with SGBT were
paid for by Agus “on behalf of the [Appellants]”. As for the settlement sum,
it is also apparent from the Appellants’ submissions that at least a sizeable
proportion of that sum was paid by other parties including Agus and the
Appellants’ mother. The Appellants’ personal contribution was relatively small
in comparison, and there is no allegation by the Appellants that the sums paid
on their behalf are loans. The question therefore is whether the Appellants
can claim the settlement sum and legal fees as damages for their losses even
though those sums were paid for unconditionally by others.

195 The submission put forward by the Appellants is that the existence of
third party beneficiaries does not preclude the Appellants from claiming the
losses which they would otherwise have had to pay. This submission draws from
the principle established in the House of Lords decision in _Parry v Cleaver_
[1970] AC 1, and has since come to be known as the “benevolence principle”.
Its rationale is simply that it is better to allow double recovery than to
allow the tortfeasor to escape liability because of the benevolence of others
(see, for example, the House of Lords decision of _Hussain v New Taplow Paper
Mills Ltd_ [1988] 1 AC 514 at 527–528). This court recognised the
applicability of the “benevolence principle” under Singapore law in _The
“MARA”_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 31 at [28].

196 Ng does not advance any meaningful submission against the adoption of the
benevolence principle in the present case. In truth, there is no strong cause
for departing from the application of this principle _if_ liability is found
against him (and consequently, NCH).

197 Hence, in so far as the legal fees are concerned, the sum of $325,287.71
claimed by the Appellants is allowed, although, for the reasons set out below,
it should not be paid out to the Appellants as yet (see below at [213]). We
now turn to consider if the claim for the settlement sum of US$1m should also
be allowed.

Reasonableness of settlement

198 Both sides accept the principle that a settlement sum can be claimed as
damages under a contractual claim or tortious claim. Their point of
disagreement was on the reasonableness of the settlement. The decision of this
court in _Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith & Associates Far East, Ltd_ [2007] 4
SLR(R) 855 (“ _Britestone_ ”) was referred to by both sides as support for
their respective positions.

199 In _Britestone_ , the court held that in determining whether a settlement
sum is reasonable depends on whether a reasonable businessman might have done
the same in the same circumstances. The court also set out a summary of the
relevant considerations the court would have regard to as follows (at [54]):

It will be helpful to summarise the relevant factors to be employed in
assessing whether a settlement would pass muster as being reasonable. When a
downstream claimant seeks to subsequently rely on an earlier settlement as
reflecting the actual loss which he now claims against an upstream defendant,
the courts should usually consider the following matters in determining
whether he has acted as a responsible and reasonable businessman in arriving
at the settlement:

(a) the duration or period of negotiations as well as their general content;

(b) whether there are any customs of trade or previous business dealings
between the parties and/or whether there are any legitimate business
considerations or contractual requirements (_eg_ , dispute resolution clauses,
_etc_) enjoining a settlement;

(c) whether the negotiations were conducted _bona fide_ ;

(d) the assessment which could properly be made at the time of settlement of
the prospects of success or failure of the claim based on materials then
available;

(e) the availability of and/or reliance on legal advice, expert advice or
independent survey reports taking into account considerations of cost and
time;

(f) whether the actual settlement itself was arrived at arm’s length;

(g) whether there was an opportunity accorded to the third party/ultimate
payor to be involved in the negotiations;

(h) whether there was a positive reception of complaints by the third
party/ultimate payor;

(i) whether the settlement amount has been paid, and, if so, how and when;

(j) the bargaining strengths of the parties involved in the settlement, taking
into account (among other things) alternative means by which the dispute could
have been concluded;

(k) whether, in the round, the settlement figure was objectively assessed and
properly calibrated against the context of the entire factual matrix; and

(l) the practical consequences of the decision on reasonableness.

200 The thrust of the Appellants’ main argument that the settlement was
reasonable centres on the proportion of the settlement sum in relation to the
outstanding sum for which Agus (and consequently they) were liable to SGBT
for. The value of SGBT’s initial claim against Agus and the Appellants was in
excess of $17m. In November 2009, Steven Chong JC (as he then was) granted
summary judgment in favour of SGBT to the tune of more than $14.9m, although
that decision was reversed on appeal in April 2010. As at the date of
settlement, inclusive of interest, the proof of debt filed by SGBT against
Agus was more than $18.9m.

201 We note that the Judge did not express a concluded view as to the question
of reasonable settlement or the reasonableness of the settlement in view of
his decision that there was no liability on Ng’s part. However, given our
findings above on Ng’s liability, this issue now falls to be determined. In
the interests of fairness to Ng (and consequently, NCH), and, as importantly,
to also furnish the Appellants an opportunity to prove the reasonableness of
their loss by reference to the list of factors in _Britestone_ , this specific
issue of determining the reasonableness of the settlement should be remitted
to the Judge, and we so order. Nevertheless, we think it appropriate to
furnish some guidance from the perspective of principle on this issue,
although we would emphasise that the Judge is free to apply these principles
according to the facts and circumstances of this case and to take further
evidence if he is of the view that it is necessary to do so.

202 We would only observe at this juncture that given the clear wording of the
Personal Guarantee Clause, it would seem that settling for US$1m was a
commercially sensible decision. On the other hand, there are some aspects of
the transaction which may merit further consideration by the Judge, such as:

(a) the possibility of a discount being applied to the original claimed sum by
SGBT which might not have been tested or scrutinised as vigorously as it would
have been had the matter gone to trial;

(b) the possibility that the original outstanding sum might have been set off
against the collateral held by SGBT; and

(c) the manner in which the settlement was arrived at, in particular:

(i) the availability of and/or reliance on legal or other expert advice taking
into account considerations of cost and time (see _Britestone_ at [54(e)]). A
settlement made under legal advice tends to negative the hypothesis that the
party acted unreasonably in settling (see the High Court of Australia decision
of _Unity Insurance Brokers Pty Ltd v Rocco Pezzano Pty Ltd_ (1998) 192 CLR
603 at [6]); and

(ii) whether there was an opportunity accorded to the third party/ultimate
payor to be involved in the relevant negotiations (see _Britestone_ at
[54(g)]).

203 In addition to the above circumstances that we have highlighted, there are
yet other relevant considerations as identified in Wayne Courtney,
“Settlements Following Breach of Contract” [2013] LMCLQ 157 (“ _Courtney_ ”)
at p 170, such as whether the claim was adequately investigated, whether there
was sufficient material available to make an informed decision to settle, and
whether the Appellants demonstrated an appropriate degree of strategic
thinking and fortitude in negotiating the settlement (see also _Unity
Insurance_ at [131]; and the English Court of Appeal decision of _Comyn Ching
& Co Ltd v Oriental Tube Co Ltd_ (1979) 17 BLR 47 at 89).

204 It should be noted, at this juncture, that _Britestone_ did not furnish
guidance with respect to the legal position in the event that a settlement is
found to be unreasonable. This is because the court in that case found the
settlement concerned to be reasonable. We will therefore proceed to elaborate
upon this particular issue which will simultaneously furnish not only the
Judge in the present case but also future courts with some guidance. In this
regard, whilst certain theoretical issues might need to be further elaborated
upon in future cases, we will endeavour to furnish what we consider to be
basic (and, more importantly, _practical_) guidance in relation to this
particular area of the law.

205 The purpose of considering the reasonableness of the settlement is that
such reasonableness is a necessary condition for adopting the amount of the
settlement as the measure of loss. This was enunciated in the seminal English
Court of Appeal decision of _Biggin & Co Ld v Permanite Ld and Others_ [1951]
2 KB 314 at 321. If this is correct, which we think it is, then the
consequence of an unreasonable settlement must be that the settlement amount
cannot be taken as the measure of the plaintiff’s loss (see the English High
Court decision of _John F Hunt Demolition Ltd v ASME Engineering Ltd_ [2008]
Bus LR 558 (“ _ASME_ ”) at [67]; see also _Courtney_ at p 174).

206 For instance, where the plaintiff settles a suit (in which he was the
defendant) despite having an impossibly strong defence, the plaintiff cannot
say that the loss, namely the settlement sum, was caused by the defendant’s
breach of his duty, contractual or otherwise. This court alluded to this
causation-based reasoning in _Britestone_ where it was stated thus (at [55]):

… Further, if it can be shown that the settlement of a claim was wholly
unreasonable, the upstream defendant can also plausibly assert that there has
been a **_break in the chain of causation_** _, thereby precluding the
downstream party’s claim in any form whatsoever_. These are important
considerations that businessmen and their advisers must bear in mind when they
attempt to reach _ad hoc_ settlements in a multiparty setting. [emphasis added
in italics and bold italics]

207 In addition to the approach from _causation_ (as to which, see also the
observations by Akenhead J in the English High Court decision of _AXA
Insurance UK Plc v Cunningham Lindsey United Kingdom (an unlimited company)_
[2007] EWHC 3023 (TCC) at [273] and by Colman J in the English High Court
decision of _General Feeds Inc Panama v Slobodna Plovidba Yugoslavia_ [1999] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 668 (“ _General Feeds Inc_ ”) at 691), there is also an approach
from _mitigation_ (which was _also_ referred to by Colman J in _General Feeds
Inc_ , _ibid_). Indeed, that the doctrines of causation and mitigation are not
unrelated is demonstrated in the following observations by Sir John Donaldson
MR (as he then was), delivering the judgment of the English Court of Appeal in
_Sotiros Shipping Inc and Aeco Maritime SA v Sameiet Solholt_ [1983] 1 Lloyd’s
Rep 605 at 608:

A plaintiff is under _no duty_ to **_mitigate_** his loss, _despite_ the
habitual use by the lawyers of the phrase “duty to mitigate”. He is completely
free to act as he judges to be in his best interests. On the _other hand_ , a
defendant is _not_ liable for all loss suffered by the plaintiff _in
consequence of his so acting._ A defendant is only liable for _such part_ of
the plaintiff’s loss as is properly to be regarded as **_caused_** _by_ the
defendant’s breach of duty. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

208 Regardless, however, of the precise approach adopted, it is our view that
where, _notwithstanding_ the fact that the settlement has been found to be
unreasonable, if the plaintiff is nevertheless (and otherwise) able to adduce
sufficient evidence of its loss (other than by reference to the settlement
sum), there is no reason in principle why it ought not to be awarded damages
to the extent that such loss can be proved.

209 There is also a qualification which might also salvage part of the
unreasonable settlement sum in the context of a specific situation (assuming
that causation-based reasoning is in fact adopted). Where the global
settlement sum is said to be unreasonable because the sum was reasonable for
claims A, B and C but not D, the plaintiff should be allowed to claim the
lesser sum which covers claims A, B and C. The break in causation for claim D
can be severed from the others which were reasonably settled.

210 Such a qualification was suggested by Coulson J in _ASME_ at [68]. We do
not see any objection against such severance both in principle and on policy.
In fact, severance in these cases furthers the desirable policy of encouraging
reasonable settlements. To disregard discrete claims which were reasonably
settled as part of a global settlement that had other claims which were not
reasonably settled would be throwing the baby out together with the bathwater.
We would also observe that (consistently with the analysis proffered above) a
similar result could possibly be arrived at utilising the approach from
mitigation instead. However, as this particular issue does not arise in the
context of the present appeal, we will say no more about it at the present
time.

Conclusion

211 For the reasons set out above, the appeal is allowed with regard to the
issue of liability on the ground that Ng (and consequently, NCH) was in breach
of the implied retainer entered into between him and the Appellants.
Additionally, Ng (and consequently, NCH) failed to take reasonable care in
advising Agus of the contents of the Security Documents. This duty was owed
not just to Agus but also to the Appellants, with the consequence that the
Appellants’ claim based on negligence succeeds against Ng (and consequently,
NCH).

212 We, however, remit the question of the reasonableness of the settlement
entered into between the Appellants and SGBT to the Judge for his decision.

213 We further order that any sum awarded to the Appellants should not be paid
to the Appellants, pending an investigation by the Official Assignee to
ascertain whether the funds should, instead, constitute part of Agus’s estate
and be used to satisfy any outstanding debts owed by Agus to his creditors
pursuant to his status as an undischarged bankrupt.

214 The costs both here as well as in the court below are reserved pending the
decision of the Judge on the issue which has been remitted to him for his
decision.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 May 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

