Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Leon Russel Francis _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGHC 167

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 21 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 August 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam and Jerrie Tan Qiu Lin
(Eugene Thuraisingam) for the appellant; Goh Yi Ling and Zhou Yihong
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Leon Russel Francis — Public Prosecutor  
  
27 August 2014|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal brought by Leon Russel Francis (“the Appellant”) against
the decision of the District Judge in _Public Prosecutor v Leon Russel
Francis_ [2014] SGDC 98. The Appellant pleaded guilty to two charges, one
related to drug possession and the other drug consumption under ss 8(_a_) and
8(_b_)(ii) respectively of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the MDA”). He was sentenced to a total of eight months’ imprisonment. The
Appellant consented to a further charge of drug trafficking under s 5(1)(_a_)
of the MDA to be taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. The
Appellant brought the present appeal on the ground that the sentence of
imprisonment imposed by the District Judge was manifestly excessive.

2 At the hearing on 2 July 2014, I allowed the appeal and substituted the
prison term of eight months with a sentence of supervised probation for a
period of 24 months. I now set out the full grounds for my decision.

Background facts

3 The Appellant was convicted of the following charges:

Charge  |  MDA Section |  Offence |  Punishment   
---|---|---|---  
DAC-14453-2013 |  Section 8(_b_)(ii) punishable under s 33(1) |  Consumption of a cannabinol derivative |  Maximum: 10 years’ imprisonment or $20,000 fine or both  
DAC-14454-2013 |  Section 8(_a_) punishable under s 33(1) |  Possession of a cannabis mixture |  Maximum: 10 years’ imprisonment or $20,000 fine or both  
  
  

4 The following charge was taken into consideration (“the TIC charge”) during
sentencing:

Charge  |  MDA Section |  Offence |  Punishment   
---|---|---|---  
DAC- 14452-2013 |  Section 5(1)(_a_) punishable under s 33(1) |  Trafficking of cannabis mixture |  Minimum: 5 years’ imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane Maximum: 20 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane  
  
  

5 The Appellant was 21 years of age when he was convicted of the offences
listed above at [3].

6 On 12 October 2012 at about 1pm, police officers raided the Appellant’s
residence in the presence of the Appellant’s father as the Appellant was then
not at home. One packet of vegetable matter was seized during the raid. Later
that day, at about 3.40pm, the Appellant reported to Clementi Police
Headquarters where he was arrested. The Appellant admitted to ownership of the
seized packet.

7 The Appellant provided urine samples which were analysed and found to
contain a cannabinol derivative, a specified drug under the MDA. The seized
packet was also analysed and found to contain 0.11g of cannabis mixture.

The decision below

8 Before sentencing the Appellant, the District Judge called for a pre-
sentence report to assess the Appellant’s suitability for probation. The
report recommended that the Appellant be placed on 24 months’ supervised
probation with the following conditions:

(a) to remain indoors from 10pm to 6am;

(b) to undergo regular urine testing; and

(c) the Appellant’s parents are to be bonded to ensure the Appellant’s good
behaviour.

9 In his written grounds of decision, the District Judge held that:

(a) Young offenders should be accorded the opportunity for rehabilitation but
rehabilitation did not operate as the dominant consideration in all instances.
There were offences and circumstances grave enough to warrant the need for
deterrence which might then displace rehabilitation as a primary concern.

(b) The offences committed by the Appellant were grave as they involved the
possession and consumption of drugs.

(c) Probation might still be appropriate where the offence was a one-off
transaction or where there was low culpability on the part of the accused.
However, the present offences were not the Appellant’s first brush with drugs.
He was introduced to cannabis in 2011 and smoked it twice a week. Also, the
Appellant had sold drugs to his college mates for monetary consideration (_ie_
, the TIC charge).

(d) Whilst the Appellant claimed that the drugs helped to relieve his
discomfort and anxiety arising from a medical condition, that medical
condition had already been diagnosed and managed. There was no reason for him
to resort to any form of drugs to cope with his condition. The Singapore
Prison Service had affirmed that they had adequate means to provide for the
Appellant’s medical needs.

10 The District Judge therefore sentenced the Appellant to eight months’
imprisonment for the possession charge and six months’ imprisonment for the
consumption charge. The imprisonment terms were ordered to run concurrently.

The parties’ submissions

11 The main submissions of the Appellant on appeal were as follows:

(a) The Appellant was suffering from a genetic medical condition known as
Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome Type IV (“EDS Type IV”). According to the medical
evidence, this condition meant that the Appellant had a high risk of suffering
a spontaneous rupture of his bowel, organs and blood vessels. Individuals
suffering from this condition have an average life span of only 48 years.

(b) The present case was distinguishable from _Public Prosecutor v Adith s/o
Sarvotham_ [2014] SGHC 103 (“ _Adith_ ”) which was relied upon by the
Prosecution (“the Respondent”) and in which the High Court observed that a
sentence of reformative training was more appropriate than the probation
sentence imposed by the District Judge:

(i) The prosecution in _Adith_ proceeded with a charge of trafficking while
the Respondent here did not proceed with the trafficking charge – it was, with
the Appellant’s consent, only taken into consideration for the purposes of
sentencing.

(ii) The accused in _Adith_ had committed a number of drug-related offences,
including consumption, cultivation and trafficking. Furthermore, some of the
offences were committed while the accused was on bail.

(c) The probation report had strongly recommended probation for the Appellant.
It noted that the Appellant enjoyed strong familial support for his
rehabilitation.

12 The main submissions of the Respondent were as follows:

(a) The principle of deterrence was paramount in the present case. The
District Judge had properly considered all relevant facts and accorded them
the appropriate weight. In particular, he did consider the probation report
and the factors favouring rehabilitation but also noted the culpability of the
Appellant and the gravity of the offences.

(b) The precedents in which probation had been awarded for young drug
offenders were of little relevance to the present case because the offenders
in those cases had already spent a period of time in remand or had been
undergoing some structured rehabilitation programme.

(c) The mitigating factors of the Appellant’s young age, medical condition and
plea of guilt did not outweigh the need for deterrence.

My decision on the appropriate sentence

The relevant principles in sentencing a young drug offender

13 I was mindful of the competing sentencing considerations of deterrence and
rehabilitation when deciding on the appropriate sentence for the Appellant, a
young offender who had committed serious offences. I was also aware that the
more serious the offence committed, the more likely that the principle of
rehabilitation could be outweighed by other considerations such as deterrence
and retribution. That said, as a starting point, rehabilitation is generally
the dominant sentencing consideration when deciding on an appropriate sentence
for a young offender aged 21 years and below (see _Public Prosecutor v Mok
Ping Wuen Maurice_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 439 (“ _Maurice_ ”) at [21]):

… Young offenders are in their formative years and chances of reforming them
into law-abiding adults are better. The corrupt influence of a prison
environment and the bad effects of labelling and stigmatisation may not be
desirable for young offenders. Compassion is often shown to young offenders on
the assumption that the young “don't know any better” and they may not have
had enough experience to realise the full consequences of their actions on
themselves and on others. Teens may also be slightly less responsible than
older offenders, being more impressionable, more easily led and less
controlled in their behaviour. However, there is no doubt that some young
people can be calculating in their offences. Hence the court will need to
assess the facts in every case.

At this juncture, I would pause to underscore the unique characteristics of
the probation order, which were alluded to by the Minister for Community
Development in Parliament on 10 Nov 1993 during the Second Reading of the
Probation of Offenders (Amendment) Bill (Bill 25 of 1993) (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (10 November1993) vol 61 at col 932
(Yeo Cheow Tong, Minister for Community Development)):

[Young offenders placed on probation] will benefit from the personal care,
guidance and supervision of a Probation Officer. It will give them the
opportunity to turn over a new leaf, and become a responsible member of
society.

14 While, as indicated, rehabilitation may be displaced by the need for
deterrence where serious crimes have been committed, I would flag one other
factor which is germane and that is “where the individual offender’s capacity
for rehabilitation is demonstrably high, this may outweigh the public policy
concerns that are traditionally understood as militating against probation”
(see _Public Prosecutor v Justin Heng Zheng Hao_ [2012] SGDC 219 (“ _Justin
Heng_ ”) at [13] and [15]).

15 In my judgment, the following considerations are relevant in determining a
young drug offender’s capacity for rehabilitation and the appropriate sentence
(see _Justin Heng_ , _Adith_ , _Public Prosecutor v Jeremy Mathews Jay_ [2009]
SGDC 101, and _Public Prosecutor v Wong Jia Yi_ [2003] SGDC 53):

(a) the strength of familial support and the degree of supervision provided by
the offender’s family for his or her rehabilitation;

(b) the frequency and intensity of the offender’s drug-related activities;

(c) the genuineness of remorse demonstrated by the offender; and

(d) the presence of risk factors such as negative peers or bad habits.

Application of the considerations to the present case

16 On the facts at hand, the Appellant’s offences of drug consumption and
possession were undoubtedly serious. Deterrence was therefore a pertinent
sentencing consideration in deciding the appropriate sentence for the
Appellant. This, however, should not be the end of the enquiry.
Notwithstanding the need for deterrence on the present facts, I also had to
consider whether the Appellant’s capacity for rehabilitation was “demonstrably
high” based on the factors in the preceding paragraph so as to displace the
public policy concerns that militated against probation. If that were shown,
probation would still be an appropriate sentencing option.

17 I first noted that the level of familial support for the Appellant’s
rehabilitation was undoubtedly strong. Although the Appellant’s parents are
divorced (the divorce was effected in 2007), they both showed care and concern
for him. He also has a younger brother. From 2007 to 2009, the Appellant lived
with his mother but he now resides with his father. According to the probation
report, the Appellant’s father shares a close relationship with the Appellant
and spends time together with him “having meals, watching football and playing
video games”. However, I also noted that the report stated that the
Appellant’s father seemed to be unaware of the affairs of the Appellant,
thereby giving him the opportunity to consume cannabis at home without being
detected. That said, the father has indicated to the Probation Officer that he
would henceforth monitor the Appellant more closely. Knowing his concern for
the Appellant, I was satisfied that he would diligently do his part to ensure
that the Appellant does not go back to his old ways.

18 The Appellant also appeared to share a close relationship with his mother
and brother. After the Appellant moved in with his father, the mother has been
meeting the Appellant once a week. The Appellant’s brother, who lives with the
Appellant’s mother, meets the Appellant “almost daily” and shares a similar
group of neighbourhood friends. Significantly, both parents have expressed
their willingness to sign the good behaviour bond for the Appellant. The
mother has also said that she would do her part and make the effort to call
and talk to him more frequently. I had no reason to doubt her sincerity in
wanting to supervise the Appellant more closely. In sum, the level of familial
support enjoyed by the Appellant was similar to the strong and supportive
familial environment in _Justin Heng_ which was one of the reasons supporting
the court’s conclusion there that the offender’s capacity for rehabilitation
was high.

19 In relation to the Appellant’s drug-related activities, he was a first-time
offender although I was also mindful of the fact that he has been consuming
cannabis since 2011 after it was introduced to him by a school friend at a
house party. He has been smoking it two times a week at home before sleeping
as “it helped him relax and eased the discomfort he felt from his colostomy
bag”. It was recorded in the probation report that he had read about the
benefits of the drug online and wanted to obtain relief from the pain arising
from his medical condition. I will return to examine the Appellant’s
justification for consuming drugs below (see [24]–[27]). In addition to
consuming cannabis at home, the Appellant sold the excess cannabis he had to a
school friend, though he did not profit monetarily from these transactions as
he sold the cannabis at cost. Since his arrest in October 2012, the Appellant
has ceased these activities.

20 Although the Appellant appeared to have a short history of consuming and
selling cannabis, I was in general agreement with the observation in the
probation report that the Appellant did not possess deep-seated criminal
traits that would hinder his successful rehabilitation. Unlike the accused
person in _Adith_ , the Appellant did not commit a litany of drug offences nor
did he commit further offences while out on bail.

21 This brings me to the third factor, _ie_ , the genuineness of remorse
demonstrated by the Appellant. To his credit, the Appellant has ceased all
drug-related activity after his arrest in October 2012. He has also
acknowledged his wrongdoing and expressed regret for his actions. The
Appellant has expressed his willingness to abide by and accept all the
conditions of probation imposed by the court, including regular urine testing.
The probation report also noted that the Appellant was placed on a trial
curfew by the probation officer and was found to be home when the probation
officer conducted an ad-hoc telephone check on 21 November 2013. At the
hearing of this appeal, I was also informed by counsel for the Appellant, Mr
Eugene Thuraisingam, that the Appellant has been abiding by the conditions of
probation.

22 The Appellant’s remorse and desire to rehabilitate could also be seen from
the testimonials given by his current and former employers. The consistent
theme in these testimonials was the serious and mature attitude the Appellant
displayed towards his work. The testimonials also attested to the Appellant’s
diligence and good working attitude. Undoubtedly, these testimonials went some
way in substantiating the Appellant’s stated desire to turn over a new leaf.

23 As for the presence of risk factors, the Appellant did not appear to have
any unhealthy habits or negative peers with whom he would hang out, apart from
that school mate who first introduced cannabis to him at a house party in
2011. It was not entirely clear from the probation report whether the
Appellant had ceased relations with that school mate. The reason the Appellant
gave for continuing to consume cannabis, that “it helped him relax and eased
the discomfort he felt from his colostomy bag”,[note: 1] indicated to me that
the Appellant continued to consume cannabis not because of the negative
influence of his peers but because it helped to alleviate the discomfort that
he experienced as a result of his medical condition.

Whether the Appellant’s explanation for consuming cannabis was a relevant
factor to be taken into account during sentencing

24 From the above, it would seem that the reason given by the Appellant for
his cannabis consumption was not of the usual kind. As mentioned above at
[11], he suffered from a serious genetic medical condition known as EDS Type
IV. Because of this condition, the Appellant was left permanently dependent on
a colostomy (stoma) bag which collects his intestinal waste.

25 I could not see any reason why I should not accept the Appellant’s averment
that at the time before his arrest he had consumed cannabis for the reasons
stated in the probation report. Those reasons were not challenged or disputed
by the Respondent and I was of the view that the Appellant’s reasons for
consuming cannabis formed part of the relevant factual matrix of this case.
The present circumstances should be distinguished from the usual case where
drugs are consumed for purely recreational or social reasons. Although the
Appellant’s medical justification alone did not lead inexorably to the
conclusion that a compassionate sentence was appropriate, I did consider the
Appellant’s reasons for his consumption of cannabis as _one_ of the relevant
circumstances in this case, especially when viewed against the backdrop of the
factors discussed above including the strong familial support for the
Appellant’s rehabilitation and his desire to change for the better. I would
hasten to add that my consideration of the Appellant’s circumstances here
should be read subject to the following two qualifications.

26 First, I would caution against any reliance on this case in the future for
its precedential value because the present circumstances here were indeed
exceptional in that the Appellant suffers from a rare genetic medical
condition which causes him discomfort and anxiety. The circumstances in this
case were also exceptional in relation to the strength of familial support
which the Appellant enjoyed for his rehabilitation, his genuine remorse for
the offences which he had committed and his commendable attitude and diligence
towards his work endeavours.

27 Second, I would emphasise that I am in no way condoning the consumption of
drugs for the relief of pain or discomfort arising from an existing medical
condition. There are proper legal avenues for drugs to be administered or
consumed for medical purposes. Persons who contravene the provisions of the
MDA must be prepared to face the full brunt of the law. At the end of the day,
each case would have to be assessed on its merits as to the proper sentence.

Other sentencing precedents cited by the Respondent

28 The Respondent submitted that the imprisonment sentence imposed by the
District Judge was not manifestly excessive and cited several cases where
imprisonment sentences of between six to 12 months were handed down. However,
the ages of the accused persons in those cases ranged from 24 years to 36
years. These cases were therefore not truly comparables and were not of direct
relevance to the facts at hand. I should add that the Appellant was a young,
first-time offender and, bearing in mind that his chances of being
rehabilitated were good, the corrupt influence of a prison environment would
certainly be detrimental to his rehabilitation and becoming a law-abiding
member of society (see _Maurice_ at [21] cited above at [13]).

Conclusion

29 For the reasons set out above, I allowed the appeal and substituted the
imprisonment terms imposed by the District Judge with a sentence of 24 months’
supervised probation with the following additional conditions (apart from the
standard requirements found in Form P O 2 of the Schedule to the Probation of
Offenders Rules (Cap 252, R 1, 1990 Rev Ed)):

(a) the Appellant shall remain indoors from 10pm to 6am unless otherwise
varied by the Probation Services Branch, in accordance with the guidelines
approved by the court;

(b) the Appellant shall undergo regular urine tests; and

(c) the Appellant’s parents shall execute a bond of $5,000 to ensure his good
behaviour.

* * *

[note: 1]ROP at p 142.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Aug 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

