Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Leng Kah Poh  
[2014] SGCA 51

Case Number| :| Criminal Reference No 2 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 October 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Ken Hwee, Sandy Baggett, Sherlyn Neo and Eugene Sng
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the applicant; S K Kumar (S K Kumar Law
Practice LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Leng Kah Poh  
  
17 October 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is a criminal reference that arises from a decision by the judge (“the
Judge”) in _Leng Kah Poh v Public Prosecutor_ [2013] 4 SLR 878 (“the
Judgment”). Pursuant to the application, the Public Prosecutor (“PP”) has
referred two questions of law of public interest to this court which relate to
the interpretation of s 6(_a_) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241,
1993 Rev Ed) (“PCA”). This issue of interpretation arose as a result of the
atypical factual matrix of the case.

Background Facts

2 The respondent in this reference (“the Respondent”) was the food and
beverage manager at IKANO Pte Ltd, a Singapore company that operates the IKEA
furniture stores in Singapore (“IKEA”).

3 AT35 Services (“AT35”) was a sole proprietorship registered by Andrew Tee
Fook Boon (“Andrew”). Initially, AT35 was a waste management company.

4 Sometime in October, Andrew was approached by Gary Lim Kim Seng (“Gary”) to
convert AT35 into a food supply business. Later in the same month, Andrew met
Gary and the Respondent in a coffee shop in the Bishan area and a plan was
hatched to supply food to IKEA through AT35. Gary and Andrew each contributed
$30,000 in cash to start AT35’s new food supply business but the Respondent
made no direct cash contribution. Andrew was the primary manager of AT35.
Later, when the value of AT35’s sales to IKEA Singapore increased, Gary and
Andrew decided to set up Food Royal Trading (“FRT”), which was intended as a
means to reduce the tax burden on the sales made to IKEA.

5 AT35 and FRT became the exclusive suppliers of chicken wings and dried food
products to IKEA. The two entities had no other business or clients besides
IKEA. The _modus operandi_ of AT35 and FRT was as follows: they obtained food
supplies from a food supplier with instructions for that supplier
(Tenderfresh, in AT35’s case) to package its products in unmarked clear
plastic bags and sold them to IKEA at a marked up rate. AT35 and FRT did not
add value to the products: they merely transported the products straight from
its supplier to IKEA. Where storage of the products was necessary, AT35 stored
the products in rented cold rooms in Jurong and Defu industrial estates. AT35
did not have any cold rooms or storage facilities of its own. AT35 and FRT
were effectively special purpose vehicles to carry out a scheme which allowed
Gary and Andrew to skim money off the top of food contracts with IKEA and
share it with the Respondent. Over a period of seven years, AT35 and FRT made
a profit of $6.9m and the Respondent was given a one-third share of it, _ie_ ,
$2.3m.

6 The Respondent was charged with 80 counts of corruptly accepting
gratification under s 6(_a_) of the PCA. The first charge is reproduced below:

You, … are charged that you, on or about the 24th day of January 2003, in
Singapore, being an agent, to wit, a Manager in the employ of IKANO Pte Ltd,
did corruptly obtain for yourself a gratification of a sum of about $14,125
(Fourteen Thousand One Hundred and Twenty-five Dollars) from one [Gary] Lim
Kim Seng, as a reward for showing favour in relation to your principal’s
affairs, to wit, by being partial in placing orders for food products with
AT35 Services and Food Royale Trading, and you have thereby committed an
offence punishable under Section 6(a) of the Prevention of Corruption Act,
Chapter 241.

The other charges were similarly framed but pertained to different amounts of
gratification the Respondent received over the course of the seven years.

7 At a trial before a district judge, the Respondent was convicted on all 80
charges and was sentenced to 14 weeks’ imprisonment per charge. The district
judge ordered seven out of the 80 sentences of imprisonment to run
consecutively for a total sentence of 98 weeks’ imprisonment. The Respondent
appealed against conviction and sentence, and on appeal, the Judge reversed
the district judge’s finding that the PP had proven its case beyond a
reasonable doubt. The Judge allowed the appeal, and accordingly acquitted the
appellant of the charges.

The Judge’s decision

8 In reversing the district judge’s decision, the Judge did not disturb the
former’s findings in relation to the Respondent’s role in the arrangements
with AT35 and FRT to supply goods to IKEA. What was of concern to the Judge
were the district judge’s findings in relation to the corrupt element of the
transaction and the Respondent’s corrupt intent or guilty knowledge (at [6] of
the Judgment).

9 The Judge’s decision centred on the interpretation of s 6(_a_) of the PCA
(“s 6(_a_)”) as to whether there was in fact any inducement of the agent (_ie_
, the Respondent) by a third party (_ie_ , AT35 and FRT). His starting premise
was that under s 6(_a_), there had to be at least three parties for a corrupt
transaction to take place: first, there must be a principal whose loss is at
issue; second, an agent of the principal whose corrupt intention is in issue;
and third, the third party, who induced the agent to act dishonestly or
unfaithfully in relation to his principal’s affairs. In relation to s 6(_a_),
the Judge was of the view that it was not sufficient that a person convicted
under that provision was dishonest: there _must be an inducement_ on the part
of the third party to the agent, for the agent _to act in a certain way_ ,
that is, the third party must seek “to prevail on, make, cause, encourage (the
agent to do something)” (see [8] of the Judgment). Therefore, an agent who has
acted with dishonest intent and has interfered with the affairs of his
principal, but _has not been induced_ to do so by a third party may be guilty
of some other crime of dishonesty, but would not be guilty of corruption as
defined under the PCA. If, and as in fact was the case, the nature of the
arrangements which the Respondent made with AT35 and FRT were such that the
Respondent was the master mind, or a co-conspirator, then it can hardly be
said that the Respondent had been induced or bribed to do the allegedly
corrupt acts.

10 The district judge found that Andrew had not explicitly stated the reason
why the Respondent was paid huge sums of money by AT35 and FRT. Andrew had
denied, at trial, the existence of a legitimate reason to pay the Respondent,
and from this the district judge drew the inference that the Respondent was
paid for the illegitimate reason of showing favour and allowing the
arrangement with IKEA to continue. On the other hand, the Judge found that
Andrew was not the master mind of the scheme and came to partake in the scheme
late. Andrew did not understand the full relationship between Gary and the
Respondent either. This explained why Andrew could not state the reason why
the Respondent was paid huge sums of money (at [11] of the Judgment).

11 The Judge disagreed with the district judge’s inference that there was a
corrupt element to the arrangement between Gary and the Respondent where the
latter would be paid in order for AT35 to be given “business” by IKEA. The
circumstances showed that the agreement for AT35 and FRT to be given
“business” by IKEA was initiated by the Respondent or by both the Respondent
and Gary (at [12] of the Judgment). Given the following considerations, the
Judge found it unlikely that Gary hatched the scheme himself. First, the
Respondent had discussed splitting profits “from day 1” with Gary. Second,
Andrew was merely a participant who came into the picture late when the scheme
had already been formed. Third, the scheme was an elaborate one which involved
the use of special purpose vehicles and profiteering from contracts with IKEA,
with the Respondent keeping his distance from the vehicles used to carry out
the scheme. Fourth, the Respondent was also crucial as an insider that enabled
the scheme to be implemented. In truth, it was likely that Gary and the
Respondent had “landed on the idea together” and used AT35 (and later also
FRT) as vehicles for the scheme to be carried out. The Judge thus found that
the district judge’s finding that the Respondent was not involved in the
original scheme but was being induced to participate was, at best,
“ambiguous”. In his words, there was “a reasonable chance” that the Respondent
was effectively paying himself in a profit-sharing scheme where he received a
third of the profit and which also indicated some element of equal ownership
over the scheme (at [13] of the Judgment).

12 In the result, the Judge found that the Prosecution had not proven beyond a
reasonable doubt that there were three separate parties and that the
Respondent was being induced as IKEA’s agent by a third party to act in a
particular way in relation to his principal’s affairs. The Judge held that the
district judge was wrong in finding that there was a corrupt element in the
Respondent being induced to participate in the arrangement rather than coming
up with the arrangement himself (at [13] of the Judgment). Instead, the Judge
viewed the entire arrangement as one where the Respondent had come up with the
idea of making use of his position within the principal in order to earn
secret profits which he would share with the partners he intended to bring in
to carry out the scheme. The profits from AT35 and FRT were not rewards given
to him as a form of gratification, but rather secret benefits he had made from
the scheme he had hatched; the profits made by the Respondent were not unlike
those made in the situation where a director acted in conflict with the
interest of his company and obtained a secret profit for himself and thereby
giving rise to a civil claim by the company against him (at [14] of the
Judgment). Therefore, the appellant was not induced by another party to carry
out the alleged acts against his principal. As that element of the charge had
not been made out, the Judge acquitted the Respondent of the charges.

The criminal reference

13 After the Judge gave his decision, the PP filed a criminal reference on 16
October 2013 pursuant to s 397 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012
Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) to refer two questions of law of public interest for the
opinion of this court:

(a) For the purposes of s 6 of the PCA, where an agent initiated, master
minded or co-conspired in the payment of a gratification to himself, does this
_ipso facto_ mean that he was not induced or rewarded in respect of his
principal’s affairs? (“Question 1”)

(b) For the purposes of s 6 of the PCA, where an agent used his position
(_vis-à-vis_ , his principal) to create an arrangement for the payment of a
gratification that conflicts with the interests of his principal, does this
_ipso facto_ mean that the agent was not, by such arrangement, induced or
rewarded for showing favours in respect of his principal’s affairs? (“Question
2”)

14 While Mr S K Kumar did not contest the propriety of the PP’s invocation of
s 397 for a criminal reference, for completeness we will nevertheless consider
it. We first turn to examine briefly the recent precedents discussing this
area of the law. According to _Public Prosecutor v Goldring Timothy Nicholas
and others_ [2014] 1 SLR 586, the prosecution can refer any question that it
wishes to refer to the Court of Appeal without having to obtain leave to do
so. However, this only leapfrogs the leave stage and not the substantive stage
where the Court of Appeal can still consider whether the case before it falls
within the scope of s 397. In the subsequent case of _Public Prosecutor v Li
Weiming and others_ [2014] 2 SLR 393, this court reiterated that it would be
well within its jurisdiction and powers to consider whether the requirements
in s 397 were satisfied before deciding whether the court should answer the
substantive questions posed to it.

15 The four requirements were stated in _Mohammad Faizal bin Sabtu and another
v Public Prosecutor and another matter_ [2013] 2 SLR 141 at [15]:

(a) The reference must be made in relation to a criminal matter decided by the
High Court in the exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction
(“Requirement 1”);

(b) The reference must relate to questions of law and those questions of law
must be questions of public interest (“Requirement 2”);

(c) The question of law must have arisen from the case that was before the
High Court (“Requirement 3”); and

(d) The determination of the question of law by the High Court must have
affected the outcome of the case (“Requirement 4”).

16 We are of the view that Requirement 1 is fulfilled as the case was the
Respondent’s appeal against his conviction and sentence, and so the Judge was
exercising his appellate jurisdiction when hearing the case. Requirement 2 was
also fulfilled as the questions of law related to the interpretation of s
6(_a_) and as mentioned by this court in the recent judgment of _Public
Prosecutor v Teo Chu Ha @ Henry Teo_ [2014] SGCA 45 at [35], there is great
public interest in ensuring that the principles of law relating to corruption,
a huge social evil, are correctly and authoritatively decided for future
cases. The principles of law will be delineated later when the questions are
addressed. In respect of Requirement 3, Question 1 relates to whether
inducement by a third party need be established in considering the objective
corrupt element of the transaction, and hence the roles of the agent and the
third party in the conception of the transactions are called into question.
Question 2 relates to the Judge’s finding that the payment of “secret profits”
could not amount to a “gratification” for the purposes of s 6(_a_) and raises
legal questions in circumstances where the agent has a beneficial or legal
interest in the third party. We are of the view that Requirement 3 was
fulfilled as the questions related to the Judge’s interpretation of s 6(_a_)
as well as the essential elements of a charge of corruption. As for
Requirement 4, in the light of the foregoing, it was undoubtedly fulfilled.
The Judge’s interpretation of s 6(_a_) and his application to the facts before
him caused him to overturn the decision of the district judge.

17 Before considering the two questions of law of public interest that has
been posed to us, we will address the PP’s attempt in its submissions to re-
characterise the two questions as three distinct questions for us to consider.
While s 397 of the CPC may allow for the prosecution to refer questions of law
of public interest to this court without having to obtain leave to do so, we
do not think that this gives the prosecution the ability to submit new or
revised questions of law to the court by way of submissions. The proper
procedure would have been to refer these new questions to this court for our
consideration. Therefore, we do not regard the three questions as stated in
the submissions as the criminal reference for our present purposes, and will
confine our analysis to the two questions initially referred.

Influence and the paradigm of corruption

18 While the PP had referred the two questions of law of public interest in
relation to s 6 of the PCA, the charges preferred against the Respondent were
brought under s 6(_a_), so our discussion will be limited only to the latter
provision. We thus begin our analysis by considering the offence of corruption
under s 6(_a_), which states:

**6**. If —

(_a_) any agent corruptly accepts or obtains, or agrees to accept or attempts
to obtain, from any person, for himself or for any other person, any
gratification as an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for
having done or forborne to do, any act in relation to his principal’s affairs
or business, or for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any
person in relation to his principal’s affairs or business;

…

he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine
not exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or
to both.

For clarity, we will refer to “gratification as an inducement or reward” as
the “gift”, and the “doing or forbearing to do … any act”, “or for showing or
forbearing to show favour or disfavour” to any person in relation to the
agent’s “principal’s affairs or business” would be treated as the conferment
of a dishonest advantage or benefit by the agent on the third party. The use
of these words and phrases _are not to be treated as definitions_ for the
provision or relate to the definitions found in s 2 of the PCA, but are meant
to be convenient terms to encapsulate concepts in this judgment without
utilising the same phraseology as used in the provision.

19 The definition of “corrupt” was considered for the first time in _Chan Wing
Seng v Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 721 (“ _Chan Wing Seng_ ”) by Yong
Pung How CJ in the following manner (at [26]–[27]):

26 I have been very hesitant to define what “corrupt” means because the
factual permutations of corruption can be endless. Any definition may thus
unnecessarily circumscribe the effect of the section. However, as a starting
point, it is useful to keep in view the natural and ordinary meaning of the
word “corrupt” as a working guide. In this regard, one of the meanings of
“corrupt” as given in _The New Shorter Oxford Dictionary_ (1993 Ed) is:

Induce to act dishonestly or unfaithfully; bribe.

And, in further ascribing a meaning to “corruption”, it states:

Perversion of a person’s integrity in the performance of (especially official
or public) duty or work by bribery etc.

27 The above is probably already what most laypersons understand by
corruption. However, I stress once again that this is no more than a
preliminary guide to what “corrupt” means and is clearly not definitive or
exhaustive. Each case must still be examined on its own facts.

While attempting to define “corrupt”, Yong CJ was also careful in emphasising
that the word should not be construed only in that one manner and that his
remarks were not intended to be exhaustive.

20 The elements of an offence under s 6(_a_) (where the agent has already
obtained the gift) are set out in _Kwang Boon Keong Peter v Public Prosecutor_
[1998] 2 SLR(R) 211 (“ _Peter Kwang_ ”) at [32] as follows:

(a) Acceptance of gratification.

(b) As an inducement or reward (for the conferment of a benefit).

(c) There was an objective corrupt element in the transaction.

(d) The recipient accepted the gratification with guilty knowledge.

The first element is the _actus_ _reus_ of the offence. The other three
pertain to the _mens rea_ of the recipient.

21 _Chan Wing Seng_ is instructive in the application of these elements. In
that case, Yong CJ held that the fourth element of guilty knowledge refers to
whether the accused knew or realised that what he did was corrupt by the
ordinary and objective standard, and is a subjective test (at [23]). On the
other hand, the third element of whether a transaction has a corrupt element
is an objective inquiry that is essentially based on the ordinary standard of
the reasonable man and the question is to be answered only after the court has
found or inferred what the accused intended when he entered into the
transaction.

22 With regards the second element of corruption under s 6(_a_), this is
normally part of the same factual enquiry as the third element, as stated in
_Chan Wing Seng_ and _Yuen Chun Yii v Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 209
(“ _Yuen Chun Yii_ ”) and as recently followed in _Tey_ _Tsun Hang v Public
Prosecutor_ [2014] 2 SLR 1189 (“ _Tey_ _Tsun Hang_ ”). As stated by Woo Bih Li
J in _Tey_ _Tsun Hang_ at [17]:

Although the second and third elements [as stated in _Peter Kwang_] are
conceptually different, they are part of the same factual enquiry. _The
question is whether the recipient received the gratification believing that it
was given to him as a quid pro quo for conferring a dishonest gain or
advantage on the giver in relation to his principal’s affairs._ The court has
treated these two elements together in its assessment of whether an offence is
made out. Thus, _the causal, or consequential, link between the gratification
and the act of favour alleged to be procured_ was examined … _under the rubric
of an objective corrupt element_. [emphasis added]

23 Keeping these elements in mind, we consider the paradigm of corruption
under s 6(_a_). As pointed out in the passages from Tan Boon Gin, _The Law of
Corruption in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2007) (“ _The Law of Corruption_
”), and by the Judge at [8] of the Judgment, the starting premise for the
paradigm in s 6(_a_) is that it involves at least three parties for a
transaction to be corrupt: the principal, the agent, and the person who gives
the gift (henceforth referred to as “the third party”). The purpose of the
third party in giving the agent the gift is to cause the agent to act in the
third party’s interest, and against the interest of the principal, in breach
of the agent’s duty (_The Law of Corruption_ at paras 3.4–3.5). _The Law of
Corruption_ proceeds to explain that this paradigm of corruption could be
found in s 6 of the PCA (at para 3.5):

… where the intent behind the transaction is to cause an agent to act against
his principal’s interest in breach of the duty he owes to his principal, this
taints the transaction with an objectively corrupt element for the purposes of
s 6 of the PCA. …

24 Taking the cases and authorities cited above together, the paradigm of
corruption under s 6(_a_) brings to fore the characterisation of the gift as
being intrinsically tied to the third party’s intention of giving the gift for
the purpose of obtaining a benefit conferred by the agent at the expense of
the principal’s interest. In the prosecution of the agent under s 6(_a_), the
intention of the third party would inform the presence of an objective corrupt
element in the transaction and the agent’s subjective guilty knowledge. The
third party’s intention, or ulterior motive, is to be considered not only from
the third party’s point of view but also from the agent’s (see _Chan Wing
Seng_ at [41] in relation to the third party; and _Yuen Chun Yii_ at [93] in
relation to the agent).

25 From the perspective of the agent, the reason why an agent’s actions can be
considered as being corrupt in a transaction is because the nature of the gift
or a promise of it is such that it seeks to _influence_ the agent to act
improperly, _ie_ , for the benefit of that third party who gave the gift or
the promise of it, at the expense of the principal’s interests. This is the
objective corrupt element of the transaction. Where the agent recognises the
gift or the promise of it as having such a connection to the conferment of an
advantage upon the third party and then goes on to act against the interests
of the principal for the benefit of the third party, he would have done so
because he had been _influenced_ by the gift or the promise of it from the
third party. This is the agent’s subjective guilty knowledge. Together, they
form the agent’s _mens rea_ in a corruption offence under s 6(_a_).

26 In each case, it must be established that there is, first, a _quid pro quo_
between the gift received or promised and the dishonest benefit or gain
conferred against the principal’s interests and, second, that the agent
perceives this to be so. The agent’s recognition that his actions were
objectively corrupt, his subjective knowledge, is crucial because _the agent
must recognise that the gift is meant to act as an improper influence on his
actions_. If the agent receives a gift but does not perceive it to be somehow
linked to or intended to influence his actions _vis-à-vis_ his principal, but
does end up benefitting the third party, it would be difficult to see how that
gift would have affected the agent’s relationship with the principal, and any
benefit conferred upon the third party would be unrelated to the agent’s
performance of his duties to the principal. _Yuen Chun Yii_ provides a
negative example where the gift was not an influence on the agent. Yong CJ
noted (at [97]) that the $5,000 received by the agent did not affect the
performance of the agent’s duties in relation to the principal, and the
agent’s actions for the third party were done with the due expedition he would
normally have done in performing his duties _vis-à-vis_ his principal. There
was also no ulterior motive in the receipt of the $5,000 that could be said to
be a gratification that was an “inducement or reward” and was therefore not
caught by the PCA.

27 Woo J had raised in _Tey_ _Tsun Hang_ the possibility of the fourth element
of subjective knowledge causing arbitrary results (at [325]):

Allowing the recipient’s subjective knowledge to come into play could lead to
arbitrary results. For example, a recipient who is a police officer who
genuinely believes that it is acceptable to receive a sum of money from a
suspect because the recipient comes from a society that believes that this is
lawful conduct may validly claim that the fourth element is not made out. I
doubt that this is the law in Singapore but I will say no more.

We have some reservations with regard to these obiter remarks by Woo J. Where
the recipient police officer believes that it is lawful conduct to receive
money from a suspect, the real issue at hand is still whether that money from
the suspect affected the policeman’s duties _vis-à-vis_ his principal, and in
the conferment of a dishonest benefit or advantage upon the suspect. It is not
so much the belief in the lawfulness of the conduct. Ultimately, it is the
influence the gift has on the policeman and his discharge of his duties _vis-
à-vis_ his principal that matters. The policeman may very well recognise that
it is lawful to receive money, but that should not be the end of the inquiry;
the court should go further to determine whether the money did in fact
improperly influence his actions in a manner that conflicted with his
principal’s interests and that the policeman recognised this influence the
money would have.

28 We find support for such an analysis from the English understanding of
corruption. The offence of corruption in the form of s 6(_a_) has its roots in
the common law offence of bribery. “Bribery” was defined in J W Cecil Turner,
_Russell on Crime_ (Stevens & Sons, 1964, 12th Ed) at p 381 as:

… the receiving or offering [of] any undue reward by or to any person
whatsoever, in a public office, in order to influence his behaviour in office,
and incline him to act contrary to the known rules of honesty and integrity.

In this definition, the objective of the third party with the gift is _to
influence behaviour_ , and allow for an agent to _form an inclination_ to act
contrary to his principal’s interest.

29 The English statutory offence of corruption was created in three statutes
that were collectively known as the Prevention of Corruption Acts 1889 to 1916
(_per_ Prevention of Corruption Act 1916 (c 64) (UK), s 4(1)), and were
targeted at offences within public bodies. Section 6(_a_) is _in pari_
_materia_ with s 1(1) of the Prevention of Corruption Act 1906 (c 34) (UK).
Section 1(1) of the Prevention of Corruption Act 1906 read as follows:

If any agent corruptly accepts or obtains, or agrees to accept or attempts to
obtain, from any person, for himself or for any other person, any gift or
consideration as an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for
having after the passing of this Act done or forborne to do, any act in
relation to his principal’s affairs or business, or for showing or forbearing
to show favour or disfavour to any person in relation to his principal’s
affairs or business;

… he shall be guilty [of an offence] …

Notably, the word “corruptly” appeared in the Prevention of Corruption Acts
1889 to 1916 but was not defined therein.

30 Subsequently, the Royal Commission on Standards of Conduct in Public Life,
chaired by the Rt Hon Lord Salmon from 1974 to 1976 (hereinafter referred to
as “the Salmon Commission”), recommended that the Prevention of Corruption
Acts 1989 to 1916 be consolidated and amended. In its report, the Salmon
Commission analysed the offence of corruption as containing three main
ingredients (at para 51):

(a) That a gift or consideration was given or offered by one party to another;

(b) That the gift or consideration was given, or received, as an inducement or
reward for services to be rendered or already rendered in relation to official
duties; and

(c) That the transaction took place corruptly.

In relation to the second and third ingredients, the Salmon Commission
considered them as involving the _mens rea_ of the corrupt act (at para 53):

… The prosecution have to establish a particular intention on the part of the
person giving or receiving a gift – namely that matters relevant to the
affairs of a third party (the public body or principal) should be _improperly
influenced_. It is an offence corruptly to accept a gift offered as an
inducement even if the recipient has no intention of letting the gift
influence his conduct: _it is the recipient’s perception of the gift as an
intended inducement that counts_. [emphasis added]

In this statement, there is a refinement of the definition of “bribery”, and
especially so in relation to the establishment of _mens rea_ in a corrupt act:
_it is the influence that the received gift would have on the agent and his
conduct that matters_ , and the use of the word “inducement” seems to be
synonymous with an improper influence which the gift would exert on the agent.
While the offence was delineated, the definition of “corruptly” was left out
on the basis that a statutory definition would fail to capture a corrupt
intent in all cases. The Salmon Commission’s conclusion was that the “law
should continue to rely on the ordinary English word ‘corruptly’ to speak for
itself” (at para 56).

31 We note that the elements which Yong CJ had enumerated in _Peter Kwang_
(see [20] above) bear a close similarity to the three main ingredients that
the Salmon Commission identified. Additionally, the reservations that Yong CJ
had in defining “corrupt” and “corruptly” (see _Chan Wing Seng_ at [26]–[27])
are similarly alluded to in the report by the Salmon Commission.

32 Twenty years on, the Law Commission published a consultation paper,
_Legislating the Criminal Code: Corruption (Consultation Paper)_ , [1997] EWLC
C145 (15 January 1997) followed by the Law Commission Report in 1998,
_Legislating the Criminal Code: Corruption_ , LCR 1998, Law Com No 248 (“the
1998 Report”) in an attempt to codify the law as it stood. The Law Commission
similarly stated the essential character of corruption as that set out above
at [23]. In the reports, the Law Commission was of the view that the
Prevention of Corruption Acts 1889 to 1916 concerned itself not with the
breach of duty by the agent but with the influence which the gift had on an
agent’s performance of his or her functions as an agent (at para 5.73). The
1998 Report took the position that the law of corruption, as it stood, was
meant to protect the agency relationship of trust and loyalty which is broken
by the tempting of the third party; the agent has an obligation as the person
entrusted to act in the best interests of the principal who has entrusted him
or her (at paras 5.22–5.23). The _real criminality of the agent’s conduct_
lies in the fact that the agent has allowed his or her _judgment to be
influenced_ by a gift or future hope of obtaining one _and thereby performs
his or her functions corruptly_ (at paras 5.54 and 5.109).

33 Based on the approach of the Law Commission, it is evident that the corrupt
act performed by the agent must be a cause or consequence to the gift he
obtains or hopes to obtain, and this is very much the same as the _quid pro
quo_ nature of the gift that Woo J had highlighted in _Tey_ _Tsun Hang_.
Moreover, in considering the elements of an objective corrupt element to the
transaction and the agent’s subjective knowledge, the focus of the enquiry of
the agent’s intention is not so much on the act of inducement by a third party
or the actual receipt of the gift but, more importantly, on the _influence_
that the gift from the third party has on the agent.

34 From the discussion of the various reports above, it is clear that the
cornerstone of the s 6(_a_) offence is that the agent has been influenced or
tempted by the gift given or promised by a third party and proceeds to or
intends to perform his acts corruptly, and it is _that_ influence which the
law of corruption aims to criminalise.

35 This makes sense when we consider that there is neither a need for any gift
to have actually passed hands, nor a need to find that the fidelity of the
agent’s duty has actually been breached before an objective corrupt element is
established. In most cases, the breach of duty would have occurred, but it is
foreseeable that in some instances, there is a possibility that an agent can
be prosecuted for corruption when the breach of duty has not yet occurred. For
example, where the agent asks for a gift and promises to confer a benefit or
advantage upon the third party which is against the interests of the principal
and is apprehended before he actually acts, such a situation would still be
caught by s 6(_a_) as seen from the permutation that the offence of corruption
is established when an agent attempts to obtain a gift for “forbearing to show
favour” to the third party in relation to his principal’s affairs or business.
The broad scope of s 6(_a_) is meant to protect the fidelity of the
agent/principal relationship which through the gift (or a promise of it) the
third party intends to subvert and this is an underlying theme found in the
case law (see _Public Prosecutor v Mohamed Abdul Gofar_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 23 at
[33]).

36 From our discussion of the case law and interpretation of s 6(_a_), it is
plainly obvious that under s 6(_a_), the gift, or a promise of it, must come
hand in hand with the third party. It is conceptually flawed to say that an
agent can influence himself to act contrary to the principal by giving a gift
to himself. There is also the question of whom the benefit has been conferred
upon if there is no third party on whom such a conferment can be made. Without
a third party present, s 6(_a_) is not engaged. The provision requires that
the agent receives the gift or a promise of it “from any person” which in the
paradigm is the third party. However, the mere presence of a third party alone
would not suffice; it must play the role as the giver of the gift or the
promisor of the gift to the agent and who has the intention of using the gift
to obtain a benefit for himself – this much is also encapsulated within the
words of the provision itself where the agent obtains the gift _from_ the
third party _for_ the conferment of the benefit.

37 Therefore, having regard to the paradigm as stated above, it must be kept
in mind that in considering what constitutes an objective corrupt element and
the subjective guilty knowledge of an agent, it is crucial to establish that
the gift from that third party (given or promised) exerted an _influence_ over
the agent such that he would act corruptly by conferring a dishonest benefit
or advantage upon the third party and at the expense of the interests of his
principal, and the agent recognises that influence to be so. The focus of s
6(_a_) thus remains on the possibility of the weakening of the agent/principal
relationship given this external influence.

38 With this understanding, we will now consider the two questions referred to
us.

Question 1

39 Question 1 states:

For the purposes of s 6 of the PCA, where an agent initiated, master minded or
co-conspired in the payment of a gratification to himself, does this _ipso
facto_ mean that he was not induced or rewarded in respect of his principal’s
affairs?

40 The question pertains to whether an agent could be “induced or rewarded” in
respect of his principal’s affairs where the idea of receiving a gratification
from the third party did not come from the third party but from the agent
himself. The focus of the question is on the roles of the agent and the third
party in the conception of the transactions and whether they matter to
establishing a “gratification” for the purposes of s 6(_a_).

41 According to the Judge, the agent in this case was the master mind or co-
conspirator, and that he had conceived of the plan with Gary. If so, he could
not be said to have been induced to act in the way he did by a third party. To
the Judge, the role of the agent mattered to the question of whether the third
party could be said to have induced the agent into acting the way that he did.
If it could not be found that the agent had been induced to act in that
manner, the dishonest intent of the agent and the objective corrupt element of
the transaction could not be established.

Acts of inducement and “gratification as an inducement”

42 It seems to us that the Judge, as well as the PP, conflated the idea of
inducement as an _act of persuasion_ with “inducement” as a _descriptor of a
“gratification” within s 6(_ a _)_. In the Judgment, inducement for the agent
to act in the way he did by the third party requires the third party “to
prevail on, make, cause, encourage (to do something)”. We do not disagree with
such a definition of an act of inducement. On the other hand, “inducement” is
used in s 6(_a_) as constituting “gratification” and must be read in that
manner. The phrase in the provision is “any gratification _as an_ inducement
or reward” [emphasis added]. What acts as the inducement or a reward _is_ the
gratification (and which we have referred to above as “the gift”). This way of
considering the elements of corruption was accepted in _Peter Kwang_ (see
above at [20]) as well as by the Salmon Commission (at para 51):

… that the gift or consideration was given, or received, as an **inducement**
or **reward** for services to be rendered or already rendered … [emphasis in
original]

43 Establishing the gratification as an inducement or reward is only part of
the factual enquiry. It must be linked as the cause or consequence of the
conferment of the benefit upon the third party as an analysis under the rubric
of an objective corrupt element (see above at [25]). Thus, the correct
approach is to ask the question: was there a gratification _by_ inducement or
reward to the agent _that_ led to a dishonest or improper gain or advantage
being conferred by the agent on the third party? This retains the importance
of establishing the influence the gift has on the agent and its relation to
his acts of conferring the benefit upon the third party and at the expense of
the interests of his principal (see above at [37]). The inquiry in relation to
an “inducement” in the context of s 6(_a_) is _not_ about the presence of an
act of inducement by the third party. As a matter of principle, whether an
objective corrupt element exists, and which is related to a finding of a
“gratification”, _cannot_ be dependent on who initiated the promise of a gift.

44 If the finding of an act of inducement by the third party is always
necessary to establishing a “gratification”, then s 6(_a_) would be rendered
potentially ineffective in certain scenarios and lead to absurd outcomes.
Should the agent be the first in time in asking for the gift _eg_ , because
the agent had conceived of the intended transaction and had asked for the
gift, he would not be considered corrupt as he was not influenced by the third
party who agrees with his suggestion to give the gift, and does not make the
offer in the first place. This would also mean that the more outrageously an
agent behaves in soliciting for the gift the less likely he would be guilty of
the offence of corruption. If “inducement” is interpreted to mean the act of
the third party in persuading the agent, then such scenarios will not fall
within s 6(_a_). That is not only an unsatisfactory outcome but also
undermines the entire object of PCA. Indeed, common sense would suggest that
an agent who solicits a “gratification” is equally, if not more culpable than
one who responds positively to receiving a “gratification” by the third party.
In addition, two vital words in s 6(_a_) – “accepts” or “obtains” – clearly
point to the passive or active role which the agent could have played in
receiving the “gratification” from the third party. This was not considered by
the Judge. In our opinion, the initiation of the transaction by a third party
does not necessarily have to be found as a fact in all cases in order to
establish “gratification” under s 6(_a_).

45 The case law has also shown that an active procurement of a gift by the
agent would also be evidence of “gratification”. In _Tan Tze_ _Chye v Public
Prosecutor_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 357, the offender was the managing director of a
company in the business of property consultancy. He was instructed to sell an
industrial property and was also to secure the printing of publicity brochures
to promote the sale of the property. The offender approached one Ang from
Akira Advertising Pte Ltd to do the printing, and asked Ang for a 10%
commission. Ang agreed and made the payment out to a sole proprietorship
managed and run by the offender which was recorded as consultancy services.
The offender was charged and convicted with accepting $383 as a reward for
showing favour to Ang by engaging Akira Advertising Pte Ltd to do the printing
of the brochures. In _Wong Teck Long v Public Prosecutor_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 488
(“ _Wong Teck Long_ ”), the offender who was a manager of private banking in a
Singapore branch of an international bank was approached by a borrower to
arrange for a quick loan of RM100m. The accused suggested to the borrower to
open more accounts in the name of other high-net-worth individuals thereby
circumventing the need to comply with the required approval procedure for a
large loan. The offender colluded with the borrower in submitting false
information on the net worth of individuals and the loan was approved.
Pursuant to hints to the borrower, the offender obtained a sum between
RM300,000 and 400,000 as a reward for the help he rendered to the borrower and
was convicted under s 6(_a_). In _Pandiyan_ _Thanaraju Rogers v Public
Prosecutor_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 217, one Manjit Singh who needed assurances and
wanted to be kept apprised of the details of his assault case approached the
accused who was a police officer. The accused constantly assured Manjit and
made representations to the effect that he could assist Manjit with police
matters. The accused later asked for a sum of $2,000 from Manjit, and Manjit
agreed to it. The accused was charged and convicted for accepting a sum of
$2,000 as an inducement. In the above cases, the third party’s act of
inducement of the agent could not have arisen on the facts as it was the agent
who had first asked or hinted at a gratification to be made. Section 6(_a_) of
the PCA therefore allows for a breadth of factual matrices where either party,
_ie_ , the agent _or_ the third party, can initiate the procurement of a gift
for a benefit to be conferred when establishing the objective corrupt element
of the transaction.

46 We recognise, and as also correctly noted by the Judge, where an agent
plays an equal or greater role in creating the corrupt scheme, it cannot be
said that he was persuaded or induced by another to join in the scheme. Saying
so would be to understate and, indeed, even distort the agent’s actual role.
That said, and given our foregoing analysis, it is incorrect to determine
“gratification” based on the act of inducement of the agent by the third party
as that is not the basis of inquiry when considering whether an objective
corrupt element exists. Instead, the focus should be on the nature of the gift
and the influence it has on the agent and his subsequent actions, which as we
mentioned above is key to establishing the objective corrupt element of the
transaction and the agent’s subjective guilty knowledge. With respect, we hold
that the Judge had erred in defining “inducement” in the context of s 6(_a_)
in the way that he did, and find that the fact that an agent had not been
induced by the third party into entering the scheme is not fatal to
establishing the “gratification” in the transaction.

47 However, we should add that this is _not_ to say that the initiation of a
scheme is not relevant to the inquiry. Active solicitation or acts of
inducement by a third party would go towards establishing the circumstances
before or after the gratification is given and would go some way to show that
the agent believed that the gratification that was promised or given to him
was so that an advantage would be conferred upon the third party or another
and thereby show that the agent was influenced by the receipt of the
gratification or promise of it. To that extent, where it was the third party
who initiated the scheme, the third party’s role as the initiator will be an
important fact to consider, and would also go to establishing the objective
corrupt element of the transaction and the agent’s guilty knowledge. Of
course, evidence that the third party was not corrupt in making the gift (_eg_
, because he meant it as a _bona fide_ gift without an expectation of a
dishonest gain or advantage) would also be relevant in establishing what the
intention or ulterior motive behind the giving or promise of the gratification
was (see _Chan Wing Seng_ at [37] and [41]).

48 In conclusion, we answer Question 1 in the _negative_. We are of the view
that it is not necessary in every case of establishing the “gratification” of
the transaction that it must be proven, as a fact, that there was an act of
inducement by the third party upon the agent. Such a finding may not arise in
all cases and will be largely dependent on the facts before the court.

Question 2

49 Question 2 states:

For the purposes of s 6 of the PCA, where an agent used his position (_vis-à-
vis_ his principal) to create an arrangement for the payment of a
gratification that conflicts with the interests of his principal, does this
_ipso facto_ mean that the agent was not, by such arrangement, induced or
rewarded for showing favours in respect of his principal’s affairs?

50 On the face of it, Question 2 seems to raise very much the same query as
Question 1. However, in the light of the views of the Judge and the PP’s
submissions, we have taken it to have raised the query whether, in a situation
where the agent has some beneficial or legal interest in the third party, the
agent’s drawing of his share of the profits obtained by that third party from
the benefits conferred could be considered a “gratification” for the purposes
of s 6(_a_).

51 According to the Judgment, the money that was received by the Respondent
should be considered as secret profits which he shared with his partners and
such profits could not amount to a “gratification” for the purposes of s
6(_a_). The crux of the Judge’s reasoning is that the benefits which the
Respondent conferred on AT35 and FRT were effectively secret profits which the
Respondent had created for himself using AT35 and FRT as business entities.
The Judge was of the view that the agent was effectively benefitting himself
which meant that there was no third party upon whom the agent was conferring a
benefit – the party that the agent was conferring a benefit upon included, or
was, himself, as there was some evidence of equal ownership in the two
entities by Andrew, Gary and the Respondent (see [13]–[14] of the Judgment).
In other words, when the Respondent drew his entitlement from the profits
obtained by the two entities (his one-third share), that was his share of the
secret profits and could not be considered as “gratification”. He was
withdrawing what was his as he had a beneficial ownership in the third party
(_ie_ , the two entities). The Judge’s analysis thus proceeded on the basis
that because of this, it could not amount to a corrupt transaction. In other
words, you could not give a gratification to yourself.

52 Two related issues arise from the Judge’s findings: (i) where a benefit is
conferred upon an entity in which an agent has a beneficial interest, could
such an entity be the third party for the purposes of s 6(_a_); and (ii)
whether the agent receiving his share of the profit made from the benefit
conferred upon the entity would constitute “gratification” for the purposes of
s 6(_a_). As these two issues are closely connected, we will consider them
together.

53 We also note, cursorily, that while what are loosely termed as “secret
profits” may be the subject of an actionable civil wrong, that does not
preclude it from being relied upon as evidence of an objective corrupt
element. Nothing in the PCA provides that civil wrongs cannot also be a
criminal wrong. Prosecution of cases such as the present do not amount to the
“broadening [of] the scope of the offence of corruption” as the PCA can
capture civil wrongs in the appropriate cases (see [14] of the Judgment).

Interest in a third party

54 The starting premise is – what should the court be concerned about when the
agent has some form of a beneficial or legal interest in the third party which
is conferred the benefit?

55 In this regard, we would make the following observations. It must be borne
in mind that persons who have a shareholding, legal and/or beneficial
ownership or interest in a legal entity are not synonymous with that legal
entity, and the two must be treated as distinct. We do not see why the
separate legal entity doctrine should not otherwise apply in the context of s
6(_a_).

56 In this case, the vehicles used to confer the benefits were two business
entities (AT35 and FRT), which were not incorporated companies. However, we do
not think that that should matter as the two business entities were no less
separate entities from the people who owned them. Following the doctrine of
separate legal entity, some form of ownership in a legal entity does not
preclude it from being considered a third party for the purposes of s 6(_a_).
On that premise, an agent’s ownership in the entity does not alter the fact
that it is a separate legal entity and is a third party distinct from the
agent and his principal. The position of the agent in the entity would be like
any other person who has a beneficial or legal ownership in the entity. Thus,
the mere fact that the agent is a legal and/or beneficial owner of the third
party does not mean that the requirement for there to be an agent, principal,
and third party under s 6(_a_) cannot be satisfied. We would hasten to add
that there may be situations in which, due to the fact that the agent owns the
third party, that the lines between the agent and the third party may be
blurred. For example, where the third party is a sole proprietorship with the
agent being the proprietor or the third party is an incorporated company with
the agent being the sole shareholder. In such circumstances, arguably the
agent and the third party could be considered (looking at the substance) to be
the same or identical. Such a situation does not arise in the present case and
there is thus no need for us to make a definite ruling on the PCA’s
proscription for such situations. Accordingly we say no more and leave it for
another day.

57 Where the three parties are established, and s 6(_a_) is engaged, whether
the secret profits received by the agent would be considered a “gratification”
would be dependent on the same factual inquiry of an objective corrupt element
that we posited earlier (at [43]): was there a gratification _by_ inducement
or reward to the agent _that_ led to a dishonest gain or advantage being
conferred by the agent on the third party?

58 So, the court will balance the fact that the agent had an entitlement to
the profits made by the beneficially owned legal entities with the other facts
which might otherwise show that an objective corrupt element is still present.
Some relevant, but non-exhaustive, factors would be: the workings of the
scheme; how the secret profits were derived; the setting up of the third
party; the duration and purpose of the third party; fair competition against
other entities for contracts with the principal; fair competition against the
principal for contracts by other parties; and the agent’s actions _vis-à-vis_
, the principal and the third party in making the profit. Depending on the
facts of the case, the scheme may be considered as having an objectively
corrupt element despite the agent’s beneficial interest in the monies received
by the third party.

59 It would thus be incorrect to assume that simply because the agent has a
part ownership in the third party and the agent has obtained his share of the
profits from it that the agent could not be said to have obtained that share
of the profits as a “gratification”. An inquiry into all the circumstances of
the case is called for. The Judge had erred in thinking that because the
Respondent had some beneficial ownership in the third party (AT35 and FRT) and
had merely obtained his share of the profits of AT35 and FRT that a corrupt
transaction could not thereby take place. The beneficial ownership and the
agent’s share of the profits obtained are only part of the picture, and a
proper inquiry must be made into the true nature of the arrangements between
the agent and the third party. Otherwise, it would be all too simple for an
agent to devise inventive and sophisticated schemes related to skimming secret
profits off the principal in order to escape the sanction of s 6(_a_). An
agent who seeks to obtain a gift under the guise of a cleverly devised scheme
may very well find himself guilty of corruption as the court will not hesitate
to look beyond the pretext or the guise and determine the presence of an
objective corrupt element in the transaction and the true nature of the
arrangement.

60 Therefore, our answer to Question 2 is in the _negative_. Where the agent
has a beneficial interest or ownership in a legal entity, this does not mean
that the entity is not a separate legal entity and is not a third party for
the purposes of s 6(_a_). In determining whether so-called secret profits
received by the agent are a “gratification”, the court will take into
consideration the agent’s beneficial interest in the profits, but this is not
determinative. The court must consider all the facts surrounding the
transaction to see if an objective corrupt element is present.

Conclusion

61 Given our analysis and for the reasons above, we have arrived at the
conclusion that both the questions referred to this court, and which relate to
s 6(_a_), must be answered in the _negative_.

62 Under s 397(5) of the CPC, this court may make such orders as the High
Court might have made as this court considers just for the disposal of the
case. In light of our answers to the questions raised in this criminal
reference, parties are to address us on the appropriate orders that this court
should make in relation to the decision of the Judge.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Oct 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

