Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2827 _v_ GBI Realty Pte Ltd
and another  
[2014] SGHC 86

Case Number| :| Suit No 920 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 406 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 April 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Haridas Vasantha Devi (Sim Law Practice LLC) for the
plaintiff/appellant; Tan Yee Siong and Priscilla Wee (Rodyk & Davidson LLP)
for D2/respondent; Henry Heng and Gina Tan (Legal Solutions LLC) (on watching
brief) for D1.  
Parties| :|  Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2827 — GBI Realty Pte
Ltd and another  
  
23 April 2014|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal from the decision of an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”).
The AR allowed an application for the appellant’s statement of claim and
action against the respondent to be struck out and dismissed respectively.
After hearing arguments, I dismissed the appeal. I was in agreement with the
AR that the appellant’s claim against the respondent was time-barred. I now
state the reasons for my decision.

Background

2 The striking-out application arose out of Suit No 920 of 2009 (“the Suit”).
The appellant, Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2827 (“the MCST”),
is the plaintiff in the Suit. The MCST is the management corporation of an
industrial development at 59 Ubi Avenue 1, Bizlink Centre, Singapore 408938
(“the Development”). The respondent, Boustead Projects Pte Ltd (“Boustead”),
is the second defendant in the Suit. Boustead is the main contractor which was
engaged to design and construct the Development. GBI Realty Pte Ltd (“GBI
Realty”) is the first defendant in the Suit. GBI Realty was the developer of
the Development. Boustead was engaged by GBI Realty to design and construct
the Development.

3 The Development consists of a single 7-storey building with access driveways
and other amenities that surround the main building. The access driveways and
other amenities were defined as “the Peripheral Regions” by Boustead for easy
reference. I will adopt that definition as well. In the Suit, the MCST sought
damages for negligent construction of the Development. The MCST claimed that
GBI Realty and Boustead negligently failed to take appropriate preventive
measures to deal with the soft marine clay subsoil which the Development was
purportedly built on. The MCST alleged that the negligence led to a continuous
sinking of the ground at the Peripheral Regions. This caused damage to the
access driveways and other amenities.

4 The MCST commenced the Suit by issuing a writ of summons against GBI Realty
on 27 October 2009. The writ did not include Boustead as a defendant. The writ
was only amended to include Boustead as a defendant close to four years later,
on 17 July 2013. The amended writ was served on Boustead on 30 July 2013.

5 Boustead applied to strike out the MCST’s claim and to dismiss its action
against Boustead under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“ROC”) on the basis that the MCST’s claim against it was time-barred. The
AR allowed the application. The MCST appealed. The sole question before me was
whether the MCST’s claim against Boustead was time-barred.

The issues

6 The limitation periods for claims are stipulated by the Limitation Act (Cap
163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). There are two dates relevant to the application
of these limitation periods. The first is the date the limitation period
commences. The second is the date the action is brought. A claim will be time-
barred if the time between the date of commencement of the limitation period
and the date the action is brought exceeds the limitation period stipulated by
the Act.

7 I will first deal with the date the action was brought against Boustead. It
was not disputed that the action was brought against Boustead when it was
joined to the proceedings as a party. According to _Ketteman and others v
Hansel Properties Ltd and others_ [1987] 1 AC 189 (“ _Ketteman_ ”) (at 200G
and 218F), the date a person is joined to the proceedings as a party is the
date the writ, which has been amended to include that person as a defendant,
is served on that person. The amended writ was served on Boustead on 30 July
2013. Accordingly, Boustead became a party to the proceedings on that date.

8 I pause to make an observation on _Ketteman_. In _Ketteman_ , the House of
Lords overruled a previous decision of the English Court of Appeal in
_Seabridge and others v H Cox & Sons (Plant Hire) Ltd and another_ [1968] 2 QB
46 (“ _Seabridge_ ”). The English Court of Appeal in _Seabridge_ held that the
date a person is joined to the proceedings is the _filing date_ (and not the
date of service) of the writ which has been amended to include that person as
a defendant. The House of Lords in _Ketteman_ overruled _Seabridge_ because
the decision in _Seabridge_ was inconsistent with the plain wording of the
then Rules of the Supreme Court (Revision) 1965 (SI 1965 No 1776) (UK) (“the
UK Rules”). In particular, O 15 r 6 of the UK Rules stated that where “a
person is to be added as a party ... that person shall not become a party
until ... the writ has been amended in relation to him ... and ... has been
served on him”.

9 Under the ROC, Order 15 r 6 is substantially similar to O 15 r 6 of the UK
Rules. I agree that the terms are clear and that a person only becomes a party
to the proceedings when the writ, which has been amended to include that
person as a defendant, is served on him.

10 In my view, however, there are good reasons why the person to be joined
should be deemed to have become a party to the proceedings at the date the
amended writ is filed (this was the holding in _Seabridge_). In cases
involving only a single defendant, the limitation period stops running when
the writ is issued. The date of service is irrelevant. When a person is
subsequently added as a party to the writ, it would be logical to think that
the date of service should similarly be irrelevant as to when the limitation
period stops running against that person. Also, it is not clear to me why a
plaintiff who joins a person as a second defendant to existing proceedings
should be in a worse position than a plaintiff who opts to issue a second writ
against that person and applies to consolidate proceedings later. In the first
scenario, the limitation period stops running only when the amended writ is
served on the second defendant under the ROC whereas in the second scenario,
the limitation period stops running when the second writ is issued. Unless
there are good reasons to the contrary, the ROC should be amended to reflect
the decision in _Seabridge_.

11 Now that I have dealt with the date the action was brought against
Boustead, I turn to the date of commencement of the limitation period. This
was the substance of the dispute between the parties at the appeal. There were
three issues I had to address:

(a) the first was whether the action against Boustead was brought within six
years of the accrual of the MCST’s cause of action against Boustead under s
6(1)(_a_) of the Act;

(b) the second was whether the action against Boustead was brought within
three years from the date when the MCST had knowledge of its right of action
against Boustead in respect of the damage in question under s 24A(3)(_b_) of
the Act; and

(c) the third was whether the commencement of either limitation period above
was postponed under s 29(1)(_b_) of the Act due to Boustead’s alleged
fraudulent concealment of the MCST’s right of action.

12 I will give the reasons for my decision in respect of each of these issues
after providing a brief sequence of events.

Sequence of events

13 On 1 March 2000, GBI Realty engaged Boustead to design and construct the
Development.[note: 1] On 31 March 2003, a Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”)
was issued in respect of the Development.[note: 2] The subsidiary proprietors
likely took possession of the Development soon after the TOP was issued.[note:
3] On 10 November 2003, the MCST was constituted. On 8 January 2004, a
Certificate of Statutory Completion was issued in respect of the
Development.[note: 4]

14 The MCST made a number of complaints about defects in the Development to
Boustead between January 2004 and January 2005. On 30 March 2004, the MCST
issued a letter of demand to Boustead in respect of defects at the
Development. This letter of demand mentioned damage to the Peripheral Regions.
It referred to a “[d]riveway sunkened-required [_sic_] resurfacing”.[note: 5]
On 20 May 2004, the MCST complained about leakage from underground pipes in
the Peripheral Regions.

15 Boustead carried out rectification works on the Development between April
and August 2004 in response to the MCST’s various complaints. Nonetheless, the
complaints from the MCST persisted. On 6 September 2004, Boustead sent a
letter to the MCST stating that “the Defects Liability Period ... has already
expired”, and that “[Boustead] cannot be held responsible for the
defects”.[note: 6] Boustead nonetheless offered to conduct a subsequent site
inspection out of goodwill.

16 In 2007, the MCST engaged CC Building Surveyor Pte Ltd (“CC”) to produce a
report on the problem of soil settlement and related damage to the
Development. The report titled “Inspection Report on Building Damage at
Bizlink Centre” was dated 20 July 2007 (“the CC Report”). It was produced by
Paul Crispin Casimir-Mrowzynski (“Mr Casimir”), a chartered building surveyor
with CC, pursuant to a site inspection on 29 May 2007. The CC Report concluded
that there was “severe settlement around the building”. Further, the
settlement resulted from the soil not being “compacted adequately at the
construction stage” and due to “insufficient support to the driveway and
related structures”.[note: 7]

17 On 21 July 2008, the MCST wrote to Boustead complaining of the “perennial
sinking driveway problem”.[note: 8] The CC Report was appended to the letter.
Boustead responded on 25 September 2008 stating that the sinking of the
driveway was not due to inadequate compaction of the marine clay. Boustead’s
response further stated that they were “no longer liable for any report of
defects ... presented ... after such a long time”.[note: 9]

18 On 8 September 2009, the MCST, through its solicitors, Sim Law Practice LLC
(“Sim Law Practice”), wrote to GBI Realty (and not Boustead) requesting that
the sinking driveway be rectified and threatening legal proceedings.

19 Legal proceedings were subsequently commenced with the issuance of a writ
against one defendant only, _ie_ , GBI Realty on 27 October 2009. Boustead was
served with an amended writ and became a party to the proceedings on 30 July
2013.

Whether the action against Boustead was brought within six years of the
accrual of the MCST’s cause of action against Boustead under s 6(1)(_a_) of
the Act

20 Both Boustead and the MCST proceeded on the assumption that one of the
relevant sections to this issue was s 6(1)(_a_) of the Act.

21 Section 6(1)(_a_) of the Act states that an action founded in tort “shall
not be brought after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the
cause of action accrued”. Section 6(1)(_a_) appears to overlap with s
24A(3)(_a_) of the Act. Section 24A applies specifically to an action for
negligence. Section 24A(3)(_a_) of the Act states that “[a]n action to which
[s 24A] applies ... shall not be brought after the expiration of the period of
... 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued”.

22 It has come to my attention that in _Lian Kok Hong v Ow Wah Foong and
another_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 165 (“ _Lian Kok Hong_ ”), the Court of Appeal held
(at [14]) that “s 24A carves out certain exceptions to s 6(1)(_a_) and, as
such, the two cannot apply concurrently”.

23 The MCST’s claim against Boustead was in negligence. The applicable
provision is s 24A(3)(_a_) of the Act. I will refer to s 24A(3)(_a_) of the
Act, rather than s 6(1)(_a_). This does not make a difference to the MCST’s
argument, as both provisions stipulate the same commencement date and the same
limitation period.

24 The MCST argued that its cause of action against Boustead accrued when the
CC Report was first brought to its notice. This was purportedly on 22 August
2007, which was the date of an MCST council meeting. If this was the
commencement date under s 24A(3)(_a_) of the Act, then the action would have
been brought against Boustead within the six years stipulated in s
24(A)(3)(_a_) as Boustead was joined as a party on 30 July 2013.

25 It is settled law that the plaintiff’s cause of action accrues “when the
damage occurs” (see _Lian Kok Hong_ at [24]). The question was when the damage
to the Development occurred. The MCST’s argument on this point was incorrect
because it conflated two distinct dates: the date when the damage occurred and
the date when the damage was discovered. The date the CC Report was brought to
the MCST’s notice would only have been relevant (if at all) to the date the
damage was _discovered_. But s 24A(3)(_a_) of the Act is concerned with the
date the damage _occurred_.

26 The English decision in _Pirelli General Cable Works Ltd v Oscar Faber &
Partners (a firm)_ [1983] 2 AC 1 (“ _Pirelli_ ”) is instructive. There, the
plaintiffs engaged the defendants to advise on and design an addition to their
factory premises. The material used for the additions were unsuitable for the
purpose. Cracks developed after the construction was completed. The plaintiffs
only discovered the cracks sometime after they developed. The question before
the House of Lords was whether the cause of action accrued on the date when
cracks developed, or the date when the cracks were discovered. The House of
Lords held that the cause of action accrued when the damage occurred. Lord
Fraser of Tullybelton (with whom the rest of the House of Lords agreed) stated
(at p 16G):

[t]he plaintiff’s cause of action will not accrue until damage occurs, which
will commonly consist of cracks coming into existence as a result of the
defect even though the cracks or the defect may be undiscovered and
undiscoverable.” [emphasis added; emphasis in the original omitted]

_Pirelli_ was approved by the Court of Appeal in _Lian Kok Hong_ (at [24]).

27 On the strength of _Pirelli_ , it is likely that the cause of action
accrued as early as 30 March 2004. That was the date the MCST first complained
of the sunken driveway. The sinking of the driveway was akin to the “cracks
coming into existence as a result of the defect”. But taking the MCST’s case
at its highest, the damage must have come into existence, at the latest, by
the date Mr Casimir conducted the site inspection on 29 May 2007. The damage
would have come into existence by then as it was observed by Mr Casimir during
his inspection. His observations formed the basis of the CC Report.

28 On the MCST’s best case, the cause of action accrued on 29 May 2007 and not
on 22 August 2007, which was the date of the MCST council meeting. A six-year
period commencing on 29 May 2007 would end on 28 May 2013. Boustead was joined
as a party on 30 July 2013. The action was accordingly brought more than six
years after 29 May 2007. The claim was time-barred under s 24A(3)(_a_) of the
Act.

Whether the action against Boustead was brought within three years from the
date when the MCST had knowledge of its right of action against Boustead in
respect of the damage in question under s 24A(3)(_b_) of the Act

29 Section 24A(3)(_b_) of the Act provides that a claim may be brought “3
years from the earliest date on which the plaintiff ... had ... the knowledge
required for bringing an action for damages in respect of the relevant damage
and a right to bring such an action”. Section 24A(3)(_b_) also states that the
three-year period will apply if it “expires later than the [six-year period
from the date on which the cause of action accrued] ... mentioned in [s
24A(3)(_a_) of the Act]”.

30 It was not in dispute that the MCST had the right to bring an action
against Boustead when the MCST was constituted. The application of this part
of s 24A(3)(_b_) was not in issue. The question was the date when the MCST had
the knowledge for bringing an action against Boustead in respect of the damage
in question.

31 Section 24A(4) of the Act elaborates on “knowledge” mentioned in s
24A(3)(_b_). The relevant portions of s 24A(4) refer to knowledge that the
damage is attributable to the act alleged to constitute negligence, and
knowledge of the identity of the defendant.

32 The MCST’s arguments on this point were convoluted. The MCST argued that it
had no reason to assume that Boustead’s acts were not in accordance with the
instructions or contract it had with GBI Realty. GBI Realty’s defence in the
Suit “shielded”[note: 10] Boustead by failing to divulge that Boustead was an
independent contractor. The MCST claimed that “a party [Boustead] who
legitimately executes the instructions of another [GBI Realty] would be
perceived to have a valid defence against liability”.[note: 11] The MCST
argued that it only came to know that Boustead was an _independent_ contractor
when GBI Realty amended its defence on 10 August 2012 to state that it had
entered “into a contract with an independent and competent main contractor”.
The MCST accordingly claimed that it only had sufficient knowledge to bring a
claim against Boustead on 10 August 2012. If this was the commencement date
under s 24A(3)(_b_) of the Act, then the action would have been brought
against Boustead within the three years stipulated in s 24(A)(3)(_b_) of the
Act, as Boustead was joined as a party on 30 July 2013.

33 In _Lian Kok Hong_ , the Court of Appeal elaborated on the requirement of
knowledge under s 24A(3)(_b_) of the Act. It stated (at [36]) that:

… the claimant need not know the details of what went wrong, and it is wholly
irrelevant whether he appreciated that what went wrong amounted in law to
negligence, _as long he knew or might reasonably have known the factual
essence of his complaint_. [emphasis in the original]

34 I was of the view that this threshold level of knowledge must have been
satisfied, at the latest, when the MCST had notice of the CC Report. The CC
Report stated that the damage to the Development was caused by insufficient
compacting of the marine clay subsoil, insufficient support structures at the
peripheral areas of the Development, or both. Even if I were to accept the
MCST’s contention that the CC Report was only brought to its attention on 22
August 2007, the claim would still have been time-barred. The limitation
period under s 24A(3)(_b_) is three years, and not six years, from the date of
commencement of the limitation period. In the course of arguments, it appeared
that the MCST had overlooked this point. The action against Boustead was only
brought on 30 July 2013, which is more than three years after 22 August 2007.

35 The MCST’s argument that it did not know the claim could be brought against
Boustead until GBI Realty’s defence was amended to refer to Boustead as an
independent contractor was disingenuous.

36 The MCST had directed all its complaints about the defects to Boustead up
till 25 September 2008. This was the date of Boustead’s letter to the MCST
stating that “the building was completed in 2003 ... [w]e are therefore no
longer liable for any report of defects now presented to us after such a long
time”. [note: 12] Boustead’s 25 September 2008 letter was discussed at the
MCST council meeting on 30 September 2008. The minutes of that meeting stated
the MCST would “seek [Sim Law Practice’s] opinion on M/s Boustead Project’s
reply that they were no longer liable for any defects”.[note: 13] The minutes
of the next MCST council meeting on 4 November 2008 stated that the MCST would
“liaise with [Sim Law Practice] to issue out the legal letter by 10 December
2008”.[note: 14]

37 On 8 September 2009 Sim Law Practice, representing the MCST, wrote to _GBI
Realty_ (and not Boustead), threatening legal proceedings. The writ was
subsequently issued against _GBI Realty_ (and not Boustead). This was not a
situation where the MCST had insufficient knowledge of the facts to bring a
claim against Boustead. The MCST had been making complaints to Boustead as
early as 2004, all the way through to 2008. Rather, the decision to proceed
against GBI Realty instead of Boustead appears to have been a deliberate one
made in reliance on legal advice. As the Court of Appeal in _Lian Kok Hong_
stated (at [63]): “where the [plaintiff] chose to have implicit trust in his
solicitors’ ... advice, then he has to take the _legal_ consequences of an
unhappy sequel” [emphasis in the original].

38 The MCST’s other argument was that it was under the impression that
Boustead was legitimately executing GBI Realty’s instructions, and therefore
Boustead had a “valid defence”. This was a bare assertion. There was no
elaboration on the legal or factual basis of the argument. I did not accept
the argument.

Whether the commencement of either limitation period above was postponed under
s 29(1)(_b_) of the Act due to Boustead’s alleged fraudulent concealment of
the MCST’s right of action

39 I turn to the MCST’s final argument based on s 29(1)(_b_) of the Act, which
provides for postponement of the commencement of limitation periods in cases
of fraud. Section 29(1)(_b_) of the Act states that where a plaintiff’s right
of action is concealed by fraud, “the period of limitation shall not begin to
run until the plaintiff has discovered the fraud ... or could with reasonable
diligence have discovered it.”

40 The MCST argued that it was the victim of “equitable fraud”.[note: 15] This
was because GBI Realty and Boustead’s “attendances at Development
(_sic_)”[note: 16] led the MCST “to believe that the problem could be resolved
by measures such as those that they undertook”.[note: 17] The MCST asserted
that Boustead “could easily have informed the Plaintiff of the actual state of
affairs”,[note: 18] which Boustead “knew was waiting to happen”.[note: 19] The
MCST relied on the English Court of Appeal decision in _Archer v Moss_ [1971]
2 WLR 541 (“ _Archer v Moss_ ”) in support of their argument.

41 The MCST argued that the limitation period only commenced upon discovery of
the fraud by the MCST. The discovery of the fraud was “no earlier than the
date ... [the MCST received] the letter dated 28 [_sic_] September 2008 from
[Boustead] ... to [GBI Realty].”[note: 20]

42 The MCST’s argument based on fraud was unsatisfactory. It did not plead
fraud in response to Boustead’s allegation of limitation. Fraud was not raised
in any of the affidavits for the MCST to resist the striking-out application.
It seemed to me that the fraud allegation was raised as an afterthought to
support the appeal.

43 At the hearing of arguments on 18 March 2014, counsel for the MCST, Ms
Haridas Devi (“Ms Devi”), stated that the MCST’s pleadings could be amended to
include the point on fraud after the outcome of the hearing. This was a
peculiar position to take. Ms Devi was assuming that the MCST would succeed in
its appeal on its present pleadings. But as its pleadings did not allege
fraud, it could not rely on fraud to support its appeal. If its appeal was
unsuccessful, it would be too late to make any amendment as its statement of
claim would have been struck out.

44 Furthermore, the argument on fraud was also characterised by broad
allegations unsupported by any documentation. In particular, the letter dated
28 September 2008 was not even mentioned in the affidavits for the MCST.

45 The MCST’s argument on fraud was clearly unmeritorious. Section 29(1)(_b_)
of the Act requires “conceal[ment] by the fraud of [the defendant]”. Case
authority has interpreted fraudulent concealment under s 29(1)(_b_) of the Act
to include “unconscionability in the form of a _deliberate act of concealment_
of a right of action by the wrongdoer” [emphasis added] (_Chua Teck Chew
Robert v Goh Eng Wah_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 716 at [27]). This is wider than fraud
or deceit at common law.

46 However, Boustead did not conceal the MCST’s right of action. The MCST’s
position was that GBI Realty and Boustead, through their inspections and
attempts at rectifying the defects, led the MCST to believe the problem could
be easily resolved. That position was untenable.

47 There was no evidence that Boustead deliberately engaged in repairs to the
Development to conceal the magnitude of the damage. There was no evidence that
Boustead knew that it had constructed the premises negligently and that it was
making piecemeal attempts at rectification to mask its own negligence.
Boustead made the repairs as the damage appeared, _at the request of the
MCST_. If the MCST’s argument was accepted, any contractor that attempts to
rectify damage when it surfaces will, without more, be guilty of fraudulent
concealment if the defects are caused by an unknown root cause.

48 I now address the case of _Archer v Moss_. I did not find that case to be
of assistance to the MCST.

49 There, the plaintiff contracted with the defendant developer to erect a
house in accordance with the plans annexed to the contract. The plans required
the house to be built on reinforced raft foundations. At the time the contract
was entered into, the foundations of the house were already laid and covered.
The foundations were inferior concrete footings instead of reinforced concrete
rafts. Further, the mix used for these concrete footings was defective. It was
found as a fact that the defendant was aware that the inferior foundations had
been used at the time he entered into the contract with the plaintiff. The
defendant also knew that the plaintiff would have no opportunity to examine
the foundations since they had already been laid. The English Court of Appeal
held that there was fraud under s 26 of the Limitation Act 1939 (c 21) (UK),
which is substantially similar to s 29 of the Act.

50 This leads me to a second reason why the MCST’s argument was unmeritorious.
In the present case, the facts giving rise to the MCST’s right of action were
plain and obvious. The MCST was keenly aware of the signs of damage
manifesting itself. The MCST had made complaints about such damage to Boustead
as early as January 2004. This was not a situation where the MCST could not
discover the purported defect, and where the defect was known only to
Boustead, which was the case in _Archer v Moss_.

Conclusion

51 In conclusion, the MCST’s claim against Boustead was time-barred. I
dismissed the MCST’s appeal.

Costs

52 After hearing the parties’ submissions on costs, I ordered the MCST to pay
Boustead’s costs of the appeal fixed at $10,000, inclusive of disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Thomas Chu Kok Hong at p 43

[note: 2]Affidavit of Thomas Chu Kok Hong at p 71

[note: 3]Affidavit of Thomas Chu Kok Hong at p 5

[note: 4]Affidavit of Thomas Chu Kok Hong at p 100

[note: 5]Affidavit of Thomas Chu Kok Hong at p 113

[note: 6]Affidavit of Thomas Chu Kok Hong at p 132

[note: 7]Affidavit of Tan Yee Siong at p 12

[note: 8]Affidavit of Thomas Chu Kok Hong at p 187

[note: 9]Affidavit of Thomas Chu Kok Hong at p 189

[note: 10]Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 21

[note: 11]Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 24

[note: 12]Affidavit of Thomas Chu Kok Hong at p 189

[note: 13]Affidavit of Thomas Chu Kok Hong at p 183

[note: 14]Affidavit of Thomas Chu Kok Hong at p 185

[note: 15]Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 30

[note: 16]Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 32(ii)

[note: 17]Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 33

[note: 18]Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 33

[note: 19]Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 32(i)

[note: 20]Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 35

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Apr 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

