Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Fairview Developments Pte Ltd _v_ Ong & Ong Pte Ltd and another appeal  
[2014] SGCA 5

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 51 and 52 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 January 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hri Kumar Nair SC, Shivani Retnam, Harsharan Kaur Bhullar
(Drew & Napier LLC) and Yap Neng Boo Jimmy (Jimmy Yap & Co) for the appellant
in Civil Appeal No 51 of 2013 and the respondent in Civil Appeal No 52 of
2013; Mohan Reviendran Pillay, Joanna Seetoh Wai Lin and Ang Wee Jian
(MPillay) for the respondent in Civil Appeal No 51 of 2013 and the appellant
in Civil Appeal No 52 of 2013.  
Parties| :|  Fairview Developments Pte Ltd — Ong & Ong Pte Ltd  
  
20 January 2014|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The present appeals (Civil Appeal No 51 of 2013 (“CA 51”) and Civil Appeal
No 52 of 2013 (“CA 52”)) were brought, respectively, by the defendant
(Fairview Developments Pte Ltd (“Fairview”)) and the plaintiff (Ong & Ong Pte
Ltd (“OOPL”)) in respect of the decision by the judge (“the Judge”) in Suit No
369 of 2011. The proceedings below arose out of a dispute between OOPL and
Fairview in relation to architectural services provided by OOPL and its
predecessor, Ong & Ong Architects (“OOA”). The Judge delivered a detailed oral
judgment (“the Judgment”), in which he: (a) dismissed OOPL’s claim for
Fairview’s termination of its services; (b) allowed OOPL’s claim for fees for
abortive works on a _quantum meruit_ basis; and (c) dismissed Fairview’s
counterclaim against OOPL.

2 At the hearing before us, we dismissed Fairview’s appeal in CA 51 and
allowed OOPL’s cross-appeal in CA 52. We now give the detailed grounds for our
decisions.

3 Indeed, the present appeals raised a number of significant legal issues, a
few of which are broadly as follows.

4 First, when _the text and the context_ of the express terms of a contract
_clearly_ express the intention of the parties, the court ought to give effect
to that intention. This is not only logical and commonsensical but also just
and fair. Indeed, as we shall see, this was a central motif in the present
appeals before this court. The facts in the present appeals were in fact the
converse of that referred to recently by this court in _PT Bakrie Investindo v
Global Distressed Alpha Fund 1 Limited Partnership_ [2013] 4 SLR 1116 (“
_Bakrie_ ”) (especially at [2]–[4]), as there were several instances where the
text and the context of the contract were, contrary to what counsel suggested,
irrefutably clear.

5 Another central motif in the present appeals was the doctrine of novation.
As we shall see, although the general legal principles are generally clear and
uncontroversial, the difficulty lies – as is the case with most (if not all)
legal doctrines – in the sphere of the application of the law to the relevant
facts.

6 A couple of issues pertaining to the law of limitation of actions were also
raised and these will also be dealt with below.

7 More generally (and as already alluded to with regard to the issue of
novation (above at [5])), whilst it is imperative to be clear about the
relevant legal principles that are applicable to the case at hand, it is often
the case that these principles are in fact clear and that the real difficulty
lies with ascertaining _the precise factual matrix_ to which those principles
are to be applied. Indeed, as we shall see below, this was the case with
regard to virtually all the legal issues raised in the context of the present
appeals. More importantly, the many decisions cited by Fairview’s counsel were
– as a result – of little (if any) significance, save in so far as they
illustrated the basic legal principles which were, in our view, clear in any
event.

8 With these preliminary observations in mind, let us now turn to the relevant
facts.

The facts

9 Although we set out the salient facts in this part of the judgment as far as
possible in a chronological fashion, for greater clarity, we would do so in
the context of the salient issues raised for decision in the present appeals
(as to which see below at [38]).

Parties to the dispute

10 Fairview is a subsidiary of the Tong Eng Group of companies, incorporated
as a single asset company to develop Lot 248 Mukim 18, a 40-acre plot of land
off Yio Chu Kang Road (“Lot 248”). It was managed by Mr Teo Tong Wah (“TTW”)
from 1972 until he passed the mantle to his brother, Mr Teo Tong Lim (“TTL”),
and another director, Mr Yeap Lam Hai (“YLH”) in 1989. TTW passed away in
2007.

11 OOA is an architecture firm founded by Mr Ong Teng Cheong (“OTC”) in 1972,
which his wife, Mrs Ong Siew May (“OSM”) subsequently joined. In 1975, Mr Ong
left OOA when he was appointed as a minister in the government and OSM took
over the management of OOA. In 1992, OOPL was incorporated. In 1994, the son
of OTC and OSM, Mr Ong Tze Boon (“OTB”), joined OOA. In 1996, OSM began to
transfer the business of OOA to OOPL. This process was derailed when OSM fell
ill in 1997 and passed away in 1999. In 2001, OTC re-joined OOPL. He then
passed away in 2002. OOA ceased its operations on 30 April 2001.

Facts pertaining to an agreement allegedly reached in 1983

12 In 1972, Fairview engaged OOA to carry out the necessary works to apply for
planning approval to develop the entire Lot 248 as a condominium development.
On 6 March 1980, in-principle approval for the development was obtained.
Thereafter, OOA made a number of resubmissions to comply with the requirements
of the various authorities. Subsequently, because of the high development
charge (“DC”) levied by the authorities in May/June 1981, Fairview decided to
develop Lot 248 in phases instead of as one single large development.

13 Fairview confirmed this change of plans to OOA by way of a letter dated 5
April 1982 (“the 5 April 1982 Change of Plans Letter”). For ease of reference,
the work done by OOA since its engagement in 1972 until the 5 April 1982
Change of Plans Letter will be referred to herein as “the Early Abortive
Works”.

14 There were a few key pieces of documentary evidence pertaining to the issue
of OOA’s fees for the Early Abortive Works. The first is a handwritten note by
OSM dated 23 August 1982 (“OSM’s Handwritten Note #1”) stating as follows:

_Fairview_ 23-8-82

Discussion [with] [TTL]/[TTW] on 21-8-82 in [OOA’s] office & agreed as
follows:-

Architectural/Eng structural 5.45%

Architectural only 4.5%

If [OOA] continue to be [architect] for the whole [development] irrespective
of the various phases and [OOA] will charge the abortive work not entirely
based on fee % but a reasonable lump sum fee.

TTL, the only surviving party to the meeting referred to in OSM’s Handwritten
Note #1, testified that he had no recollection of such a meeting.

15 The second document is another handwritten note by OSM dated 14 September
1982 at the back of an envelope estimating the charges for the work done up to
the stage of in principle permission calculated at 4.5% of the construction
costs (“OSM’s Handwritten Note #2”). It reads as follows:

Fairview  
---  
Proposed Density |  174 pph  
Total population |  2815 persons  
@ 5ppu |  563 units  
A. Net floor area as  
per plan approved |   
subject to [development] charge |  76,388.75 m2  
|  821,942.95 ft2  
|  |   
B. Gross [floor] area |  99,296.07 m2  
|  |  1,068,425.70 ft2  
Estimated Project Cost:  
@ $135 of Net [floor] area |  |  $110.9 [million]  
? Fee based on 4½% |  |  $1,663,500  
  
  

16 The third document is a third handwritten note by OSM dated 17 May 1983,
recording as follows (“OSM’s Handwritten Note #3”):

Agreed @ $450,000/- subject to further confirmation by Teo Tong Wah. This is
to confirm that all the 5 proposed condominium [developments] will be by
[OOA], otherwise Fee scale instead of $450,000/- will apply.

Above these words were some calculations resulting in the figure of $600,000
for the Early Abortive Works.

17 The first formal correspondence between the parties on the subject of OOA’s
fees for the Early Abortive Works was a letter from Fairview to OOA dated 7
June 1983 and signed by TTW stating as follows:

…

_Re: Proposed Condominium Development on Lot 248 Mk 18_

We refer to the discussion between your Mdm Ong and the undersigned on the
reduction of fees charged by you for drawing up and submitting for approval
various abortive schemes of development for the abovementioned property.
Consequent upon the discussion we now enclose our cheque for $250,000/-.

In view of the fact that you will continue to be our Architects for a new
scheme of development for the said property, we hope that you will accept this
sum as full settlement of your fees for the aborted schemes as earlier
mentioned.

We also take this opportunity to formally instruct you to draw up a fresh
scheme for submission to the Competent Authority for an in-principle planning
approval in the shortest possible time. In the event of the fresh scheme being
disapproved your fees will be based on a quantum meruit. In the event of
approval, and as agreed, your fees will be 4½% of the total construction costs
(excluding other consultants’ fees) the mode of payment of which can be
further discussed on obtaining in-principle planning approval.

…

For ease of reference, the agreement between OOA and Fairview (for the former
to be the latter’s architect for the entire development of Lot 248) alleged by
OOPL to be evidenced in this letter will be referred to hereafter as “the 1983
Agreement”.

18 OSM replied on behalf of OOA on 26 November 1983 stating as follows:

…

PROPOSED CONDOMINIUM HOUSING DEVELOPMENT ON LOT 248 PT MK XVII OFF ANG MO KIO
AVENUE 5, SELETAR ROAD

Having received your payment of $250,000/- on 8/6/83 we have gone through once
again our timesheets to cross-check what is the actual cost incurred by us on
this project since 1972.

Our checking shows that cost on time basis is also higher than the amount you
have offered to pay us. We therefore wish to seek further discussion with you
on this subject.

We enclose our receipt for the $250,000/- received and apologise for the
delay.

You would have noted that we have not attempted to claim fee on percentage
basis for the last submission although it has reached the final stage of
planning approval subject only to payment of Development Charge. This is
because you have given us your verbal assurance that we will continue to be
the architect for the whole 40 acres site regardless of whether it is
developed in part or in whole.

…

19 Thereafter, Fairview used OOA’s services to develop Lot 248 in stages.
Phase 1 and Phase 2 of the development were completed in August 1992 and
August 1995, respectively.

Facts pertaining to the basis of OOA’s architectural fees

20 On 5 March 1993, OSM wrote on behalf of OOA to Fairview stating as follows:

… PROPOSED HOUSING DEVELOPMENTS ON LOT 248 MK 18 AT NIM GREEN OFF SELETAR ROAD
We refer to the meeting we had this morning ([TTW], [TTL] and [OSM]) and
record below the agreement reached on our fee for the above site:  
---  
i) |  Phase I development |  : 4.5% of project cost  
ii) |  Phase II development |  : 4.5% of project cost  
iii) |  Phase III development |  : 4.25% of project cost  
iv) |  subsequent phases |  : 4.0% of project cost  
…  
  
  

For ease of reference, the agreement with respect to architectural fees
mentioned in this letter will be referred to herein as “the 1993 Agreement”.

21 About three years later, on 6 May 1996, OOA wrote to Fairview stating as
follows:

…

5\. In view of the current status of the project and the present difficulties
faced, your [TTW] and [TTL] have made the following commitments and
instructions:

(i) [OOA’s] professional fee for the services of the entire development site
_will remain at 4.5% throughout_. This professional fee of 4.5% of the final
construction cost will not be subject to any reduction as have been done
previously by owner in 1993. The mode and time of payment will _be based on
the SIA standard_ and will be paid promptly by owner once received.

…

[underlining in original]

22 Fairview replied on 11 May 1996 referring to the above letter and stating
“we confirm our acceptance of the terms”.

Facts pertaining to the alleged novation of the alleged 1983 Agreement

23 On 3 April 2001, under OOA’s letterhead, OTC and OTB signed and sent the
following letter to Fairview in relation to OOPL’s succession of OOA (“the 3
April 2001 Succession Letter”):

…

ONG & ONG ARCHITECTS (OOA) AND ITS SUCCESSOR, ONG & ONG ARCHITECTS PTE LTD
(OOAPL)

Ong & Ong Architects (OOA) was established in 1972 as a professional
partnership firm.

In line with Government Policy in encouraging professional firms to expand and
reach out, Ong & Ong Architects Pte Ltd (OOAPL) was incorporated and came into
operation in July 1996 with the objective to succeed OOA eventually as part of
the streamlining.

The succession and streamlining process was halted when Mrs Ong, the principal
partner was taken ill in early 1997. She eventually succumbed to her illness
in mid-1999.

Now that the arrangement between OOAPL and OOA has been finalized, we plan to
cease the operations of OOA with effect from April 30, 2001. Henceforth, OOAPL
will succeed OOA and will handle and manage all OOAPL and OOA projects and
billings. There will be no change to the organizational set-up. The people in
both companies are the same. Mr Ong Teng Cheong and Mr Ong Tze Boon who are
Partners of OOA are also major shareholders of OOAPL.

We hope you have no objection to our plan to allow OOAPL to succeed OOA. If
you wish, we will be very happy to meet and explain to you personally of this
succession matter.

…

24 On 27 April 2001, TTL and YLH replied on behalf of Fairview that it had “no
objection to [OOA’s] plan to let [OOPL] succeed [OOA]”.

Facts pertaining to the Later Abortive Works and the termination of OOPL

25 Prior to the exchange of letters in April 2001, OOA undertook the following
work for Phase 3 of the development of Lot 248 (“the Phase 3 Abortive Works”):

(a) 121 units of conventional housing development for which submission for
Provisional Permission (“PP”) was made on 10 June 1993;

(b) 310 units of conventional housing development for which submission for PP
was made on 13 July 1994;

(c) 310 units of conventional housing development for which PP was obtained on
4 July 1997; and

(d) 239 units of conventional housing development for which Written Permission
(“WP”) was obtained on 21 July 2000.

26 In November 2000, after obtaining the WP for _conventional_ housing
mentioned above at [25(d)], Fairview instructed OOA to do works for _cluster_
housing as it wanted to consider that option as well. Meanwhile, Fairview
obtained a two-year extension of the conventional housing WP and OOPL took
over as the architect. Fairview eventually decided to proceed with cluster
housing for Phase 3 and the conventional housing works were thus aborted (_ie_
, the Phase 3 Abortive Works). The main Phase 3 was completed in 2003, while
Phase 3a and Phase 3b were completed in March 2009 and April 2009,
respectively.

27 In addition, OOA and/or OOPL also undertook the following works for Phase 4
pursuant to Fairview’s instructions (“the Phase 4 Abortive Works”):

(a) 353 units of cluster housing development for which schematic design was
produced in 2000;

(b) 344 units of cluster housing development for which schematic design was
produced in 2000; and

(c) 108 units of cluster housing development for which PP was obtained on 23
July 2002.

28 On 6 February 2004 and 1 August 2004, OTB on behalf of OOPL wrote to
Fairview asking for Fairview’s decision as to whether to proceed with
conventional or cluster housing for Phase 4. On both occasions, Fairview did
not make a decision.

29 On 1 October 2009, Fairview wrote to OOPL to terminate its services and
asked for a letter of release (“LR”) (“the 1 October 2009 Termination
Letter”). No reason for the termination was cited in this letter. In response
to this, OOPL made some attempts to discuss the matter with Fairview. On 3
November 2009, Fairview replied declining to meet OOPL and reiterated its
request for the LR along with a new request for OOPL’s invoice for work done
to date. On 18 November 2009 and 3 December 2009, Fairview repeated its
requests for OOPL’s invoice as well as the LR. Both times, OOPL replied
requesting for more time to go through the voluminous documents.

30 On 18 December 2009, Fairview sent a Letter of Demand to OOPL copied to the
Board of Architects (“BOA”) giving OOPL 14 days to provide the LR on
Fairview’s undertaking to pay “such reasonable fees as [OOPL is] entitled to,
for all work done to date in relation to the above project”. On 21 December
2009, OOPL gave its commitment to submit its claims by end April 2010. On 30
December 2009, Fairview stated that it did not know that there were still
outstanding fees and requested the BOA to order OOPL to give its estimate of
such fees so that Fairview could furnish the necessary security to obtain the
LR.

31 After further exchanges of letters, on 28 January 2010, OOPL estimated that
Fairview owed it $6,512,158.80 in loss of profits and $9.888 million in
professional fees. On 1 March 2010, Fairview denied that OOPL was entitled to
claim for loss of profits and contested the estimate of OOPL’s professional
fees as being only $703,551.50 without prejudice to its defence that the
OOPL’s claim was time-barred. Subsequently, there were further exchanges of
letters and the BOA appointed a committee to resolve the matter. On 17 May
2010, the BOA wrote to the parties fixing the security at $3.3 million. On 24
May 2010, the BOA confirmed receipt of a banker’s guarantee for this sum. On
31 May 2010, OOPL issued the LR.

Summary of pleadings

32 OOPL claimed for: (a) loss of profits of $5,626.653.31 (or alternatively,
damages to be assessed) arising from what it alleged was Fairview’s wrongful
termination of its services; and (b) fees of $4,511,474.97 (or alternatively,
damages to be assessed) for the Phase 3 Abortive Works and Phase 4 Abortive
Works (collectively, “the Later Abortive Works”). Fairview counterclaimed for
damages arising from OOPL’s delay in issuing the LR.

The decision in the court below

33 The proceedings below were bifurcated, so that the trial below was confined
to issues of liability. The Judge first _dismissed_ OOPL’s claim for wrongful
termination. He found that OOA and Fairview had arrived at an agreement in
1983 for OOA to be the architect for the development of the _entire_ Lot 248
(“the 1983 Agreement”) (see the Judgment at [12]–[13]). However, this was
found not to have been novated to OOPL (see the Judgment at [22]–[29]).

34 Next, the Judge _allowed_ OOPL’s claim for the Later Abortive Works. He
found that parties would have construed the 3 April 2001 Succession Letter to
mean that: (a) OOPL would be entitled to payment from Fairview instead of OOA
in respect of works already completed by OOA; and (b) OOPL undertook to
complete the outstanding works and Fairview would pay OOPL according to the
terms earlier agreed between Fairview and OOA (see the Judgment at [17]–[21]).
The Judge further held that there was an implied term that the basis of
payment for the Later Abortive Works would be on a _quantum meruit_ basis (see
the Judgment at [40]–[47]). The right to payment for the Later Abortive Works
accrued when Fairview issued the 1 October 2009 Termination Letter. Since this
was within the statutory limitation period of six years, the defence of time-
bar did not apply (see the Judgment at [48]–[51]).

35 Finally, the Judge _dismissed_ Fairview’s counterclaim for damages arising
from OOPL’s delay in issuing the LR. He found that the four months that OOPL
took to render its bill was not unreasonable (see the Judgment at [59]). Even
if three months was the reasonable period, Fairview would still have failed to
show causation (_ibid_). Furthermore, Fairview had failed to mitigate its
damages (see the Judgment at [60]).

The parties’ cases

36 Fairview filed CA 51 against the Judge’s decision that it is liable in
respect of the Later Abortive Works. It should be noted that Fairview’s appeal
in CA 51 was confined to OOPL’s claim below; Fairview did _not_ appeal against
the Judge’s dismissal of its counterclaim.

37 OOPL filed CA 52 against: (a) the Judge’s dismissal of its claim for
wrongful termination; and (b) the Judge’s assessment of its damages for the
Later Abortive Works on a _quantum meruit_ basis.

The issues

38 Due to the overlap in issues between CA 51 and CA 52, we will deal with the
substantive issues in a composite manner and in the following order:

(a) Issue 1: OOPL’s claim for wrongful termination:

(i) Whether the alleged 1983 Agreement existed;

(ii) If the answer to (i) is in the affirmative, whether the 1983 Agreement
had been novated to OOPL;

(iii) If the answer to (ii) is in the affirmative, whether there had been
wrongful termination of the 1983 Agreement; and

(iv) If the answers to (i)–(iii) are in the negative, whether there was
nevertheless a wrongful termination of OOPL’s engagement to develop the
remaining undeveloped land on Lot 248.

(b) Issue 2: OOPL’s claim for the Later Abortive Works:

(i) Whether OOA’s entitlement to fees for its portion of the Later Abortive
Works was novated to OOPL;

(ii) Whether the quantum of the Later Abortive Works should be assessed on a
_quantum meruit_ basis;

(iii) Whether OOPL’s claim for the Later Abortive Works had been time-barred
under the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (hereinafter referred to as
“the Limitation Act” or “the Singapore Limitation Act” as the context
requires).

Our decision on Issue 1

39 We first turn to set out the reasons why we allowed OOPL’s claim against
Fairview for wrongful termination.

The existence of the 1983 Agreement

40 As alluded to earlier, the Judge found that the 1983 Agreement for Fairview
to retain OOA as the architect for the development of the _entire_ Lot 248
existed (see the Judgment at [12]–[13]). In brief, this was firstly because
the Judge found that there was a valid offer by Fairview to retain OOA as the
architect for the development of the entire Lot 248 as evidenced by OSM’s
Handwritten Note #1 (reproduced above at [14]), OSM’s Handwritten Note #3
(reproduced above at [16]), Fairview’s letter dated 7 June 1983 (reproduced
above at [17]) and OOA’s letter dated 26 November 1983 (reproduced above at
[18]). This offer was accepted by OOA in consideration of $250,000 as full
settlement of the fees for the Early Abortive Works. The 1983 Agreement was
also found to be sufficiently certain.

41 On appeal, Fairview argued that the only agreement reached in 1983 in
consideration of the discount for the Early Abortive Works was for Fairview to
appoint OOA for Phase 1 _only_ , and not for the entire development of Lot
248. It was submitted that even up to the time of OSM’s Handwritten Note #3
dated 17 May 1983 (reproduced above at [16]), OOA did not have the assurance
that it would be engaged for the entire development. No agreement for OOA to
be the architect for the entire development was reached by Fairview’s letter
dated 7 June 1983 (reproduced above at [17]). Otherwise, Fairview argued, OOA
would not have sought further discussion on the $250,000 and suddenly refer to
a verbal assurance that OOA would continue to be the architect for the entire
development in its letter dated 26 November 1983 (reproduced above at [18]).
The “new scheme of development” and the “fresh scheme” referred to in
Fairview’s letter dated 7 June 1983, Fairview submitted, referred _only_ to
Phase 1 of the development. It was also argued by Fairview that in OOA’s
letter dated 26 November 1983, OOA was actually seeking to be the architect
for more than just Phase 1. In addition, Fairview argued that its “verbal
assurance” that “[OOA] will continue to be the architect for the whole 40
acres site regardless of whether it is developed in part or in whole” that was
recorded in that letter was not intended to create legal relations. Neither
was this verbal assurance supported by consideration since OOA’s discount for
the Early Abortive Works was given 5 months _before_ this verbal assurance. In
accordance with Fairview’s case that the only agreement reached between the
parties pertained to Phase 1 only, it was also submitted that OOA’s letters
dated 5 March 1993 (reproduced above at [20]) and 6 May 1996 (reproduced above
at [21]) merely set out OOA’s fees _if_ it (OOA) were to be retained for other
phases of the development.

42 We were unable to accept Fairview’s arguments. Turning first to Fairview’s
7 June 1983 letter (reproduced above at [17]), the reference to the “new
scheme of development” and “fresh scheme” should, as we had highlighted at the
outset, be objectively construed, not just on its _text_ , but also in its
_context_. It would be recalled that the parties’ original plan all along was
for OOA to be the architect of the _entire_ Lot 248, developed as a single
development. It was because of the high DC and the prevailing market
conditions that Fairview decided to proceed with phased development _in lieu
of_ a single development. Having regard to this context, it would be extremely
artificial to interpret the phrases “new scheme of development” and “fresh
scheme” as referring to Phase 1 only. Clearly, on an objective (and
contextual) view, Fairview had, in the discussions referred to in its letter
dated 7 June 1983, offered to retain OOA as the architect for the _entire_
development of Lot 248. This offer, as the Judge rightly found, was accepted
by OOA in (sufficient) consideration of a reduced sum of $250,000 in full
settlement of the Early Abortive Works. The mere fact that the representatives
of OOA and Fairview dealt with each other on a somewhat informal basis, had
goodwill, and knew each other personally, did not detract from the inexorable
fact that the parties were essentially dealing with each other on a
_commercial_ basis with an undoubted intention to create legal relations.

43 Even if the 7 June 1983 letter did not exist, we would have had no
hesitation in finding that an agreement between the parties for OOA to be the
architect for the entire development existed in the form of the verbal
assurance that Fairview gave to OOA as referred to in OOA’s letter dated 26
November 1983 (reproduced above at [18]). The terms of this verbal assurance
could not be clearer – “[OOA] will continue to be the architect for the whole
40 acres site _regardless of whether it is developed in part or in whole_ ”
[emphasis added]. This verbal assurance would not have failed for want of
consideration either. Under our local jurisprudence, very little is required
to find sufficient consideration in law (see, for example, the Singapore High
Court decisions of _Chwee Kin Keong and others v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_
[2004] 2 SLR(R) 594 (“ _Chwee Kin Keong_ ”) at [139] (affirmed (but without
discussion of this particular point) in _Chwee Kin Keong and others v
Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 502) and _Sunny Metal & Engineering
Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric (practising under the name and style of WP
Architects)_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 853 at [28]–[30] (reversed (but again without
discussion of this particular point) in _Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v
Ng Khim Ming Eric_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 782); the decisions of this court in _Gay
Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332
at [92]–[118] and _Rainforest Trading Ltd and another v State Bank of India
Singapore_ [2012] 2 SLR 713 (“ _Rainforest Trading_ ”) at [38]; as well as the
detailed exposition in Koo Zhi Xuan, “Envisioning the Judicial Abolition of
the Doctrine of Consideration in Singapore” (2011) 23 SAcLJ 463). Indeed, as
this court observed in _Rainforest Trading_ (at [38]), “[t]he courts are
understandably (and justifiably) reluctant to invalidate otherwise perfectly
legitimate and valid commercial transactions on as technical a basis as
consideration”. In the context of Fairview’s verbal assurance, the mutual
exchange of promises would have been sufficient consideration (see _Chwee Kin
Keong_ at [139]). And, as mentioned in the preceding paragraph, the parties
had clearly intended to create legal relations.

44 For the reasons set out above, we affirmed the Judge’s finding that the
1983 Agreement existed. We now turn to the issue of whether the 1983 Agreement
(which was between Fairview and OOA) had been novated to OOPL in 2001.

The novation of the 1983 Agreement

45 As we stated earlier, the Judge was of the view that the 1983 Agreement had
_not_ been novated to OOPL (see the Judgment at [22]–[30]). The key points of
his reasoning were as follows. First, OOA’s 3 April 2001 Succession Letter
(reproduced above at [23]) stating that OOPL would “succeed OOA” and “handle
and manage all … OOA projects and billings” could not reasonably be construed
to include the 1983 Agreement. There was no direct or indirect reference to
the 1983 Agreement. The 1983 Agreement was neither necessary nor was there any
evidence that contracts such as this were the norm in the engagement of
architects. In the absence of clear words, TTL and YLH could not be fixed with
the knowledge of the 1983 Agreement (which was essentially an oral one) since
TTL was not directly involved in the 1983 Agreement and YLH was not involved
at all. Second, the Judge was of the view that there was no consideration
provided for the alleged novation. The Judge reasoned that the present
situation which entailed Fairview living with the services provided by OOPL
instead of OOA was different from a debt situation in which there would be no
difference between paying money to one party or another. Therefore, the mere
discharge of Fairview from its obligation to retain OOA as the architect for
the entire Lot 248 development did not, in the Judge’s view, constitute
consideration for the novation flowing from OOPL to Fairview.

46 We respectfully disagreed with the Judge’s finding that the 1983 Agreement
had not been novated to OOPL. To explain why, it would be useful to first
briefly review the governing legal principles on novation. The term “novation”
refers to the process by which the contract between the original contracting
parties is _discharged through mutual consent_ and _substituted with a new
contract_ between the new parties. A novation is therefore to be distinguished
from an _assignment_. In a novation, _both the benefits and the burdens_ of
the original contract are transferred to the _new contracting parties_ ,
essentially because, as just mentioned, the original contract is extinguished
and a new contract is formed. And, as Lord Selborne LC observed in the House
of Lords decision of _Benjamin Scarf v Alfred George Jardine_ (1882) 7 App Cas
345 (at 351), the new contract can, of course, be either between the same
parties to the original contract or between different parties. The learned Law
Lord also referred (_ibid_) to the term “novation” as being one derived from
the Civil Law (_cf_ also the doctrine of frustration) as well as to the fact
that the necessary (and sufficient) consideration consists in the discharge
through mutual consent of the original contract. In an assignment, however,
_only the benefits of the contract_ are transferred to the assignee. The
assignor remains bound to perform the obligations under the contract. The
assignee does _not_ become a party to the contract, which continues to subsist
as between the contracting parties. Accordingly, in an assignment, the consent
of the other contracting party is _not_ necessary for a contracting party to
assign the benefits under the contract to a third party. All these legal
principles are well-established (see, for example, Andrew Phang Boon Leong &
Tham Chee Ho, “Exceptions to the Rule of Privity” in _The Law of Contract in
Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2012) (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (“ _The
Law of Contract in Singapore_ ”) ch 15 at paras 15.059–15.067 and _Chitty on
Contracts Vol 1_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st ed, 2012) (“ _Chitty on Contracts_ ”)
at para 19-086).

47 The determination of whether there has _in fact_ been a novation turns on
the ordinary principles of contractual interpretation. The reality is that
there is often more than one immutable meaning to words, and _a fortiori_ , to
phrases (see the decision of this court in _Bakrie_ at [1]–[3]). When faced
with rival meanings, the court must, in carrying out its role of giving effect
to the objective intentions of the contracting parties, consider the relevant
contractual, contextual and commercial background against which the document
containing the disputed words and phrases came about. This can be summed up in
the fundamental principle referred to above (at [4]), _viz_ , _text and
context_ (and on the concept of context, see generally J W Carter, _The
Construction of Commercial Contracts_ (Hart Publishing, 2013) at chs 6 and 7).

48 In the present case, it was evident to us that there was only _one_
reasonable interpretation of the 3 April 2001 Succession Letter. By this
letter, OOA had sought Fairview’s consent for OOPL to step into its shoes,
including (not surprisingly) the 1983 Agreement. And Fairview’s reply on 27
April 2010, objectively construed, was an unequivocal acceptance of such a
novation. In our respectful view, the Judge adopted too narrow an approach by
focussing too much on the phrase “handle and manage all [OOPL] and [OOA]
projects and billings” in the 3 April 2001 Succession Letter (see the Judgment
at [23]). The important principle of construing _both_ text and context was
not, with respect, applied comprehensively – with the focus being more on the
former rather than the latter when, in fact, both constituted part of an
integrated whole. To that end, regard should also have been given to the other
portions of the 3 April 2001 Succession Letter, specifically, the references
to: (a) the “succession” of OOA by OOPL as part of OOA’s “streamlining” plans;
(b) the notice that OOA would cease operations with effect from 30 April 2001;
and (c) the fact that there would be “no change to the organisational set-up”.
Having regard to the 3 April 2001 Succession Letter in its _entirety_ against
the backdrop of its _context_ , we did not see how this letter could
reasonably be construed in any other way other than that _OOPL was to take
over OOA entirely – lock stock and barrel_. OOA’s intention for such a
_wholesale_ succession was so clear and certain that we could not see how the
absence of a specific reference to the 1983 Agreement could be significant.

49 To that end, it mattered not that TTL and YLH, who were Fairview’s
directors at the material time of the succession, did not know about the 1983
Agreement. It bears reiterating that the court gives effect to the intentions
of the contracting parties, _objectively_ ascertained. The lack of personal
knowledge on the part of individual directors is not a valid reason to defeat
a commercial transaction entered into by the company. We noted that Fairview’s
instructed counsel in their written and oral submissions agreed with the trite
legal proposition that a contract is to be construed _objectively_. It
therefore seemed incongruous that such an argument was still canvassed before
us. We mention this because this was not the only instance where a party’s
_subjective_ intention was used to buttress Fairview’s case on the _objective_
interpretation of a contract (see below at [64]).

50 Having found that there was an agreement between Fairview and OOPL for the
latter to step wholly into OOA’s shoes, we now turn to the issue of whether
that agreement was supported by consideration. The arguments presented below
and on appeal centred mainly on the analysis of the following legal
proposition as set out in _Chitty on Contracts_ (at para 19-088) that:

… If A owes B money and both parties agree with C that C, not A, is to pay the
money to B, B provides consideration for C’s promise to pay him by agreeing to
release A; while A provides consideration for B’s promise to release him by
providing the new debtor, C.

At [25] of the Judgment, the Judge pointed out that, since Fairview was
obliged to appoint OOA as the architect for the entire development under the
1983 Agreement, Fairview was the debtor (A) and OOA was the creditor (B), not
the other way round as OOPL contended. The Judge further pointed out that OOPL
(C) was procured not to stand in the place of the debtor Fairview (A) but in
the place of the promisee OOA (B). The Judge’s attempts to analogise the
present facts to the example set out in the preceding paragraph appeared to us
to be unnecessary.

51 In finding that OOPL did not furnish sufficient consideration for the
novation, the Judge reasoned that the novation would fail for lack of
consideration because the present situation was unlike a debt situation where
it mattered not who was servicing the debt. In this regard, the Judge pointed
out: (a) the difference in corporate structure (OOPL being a limited liability
company as opposed to OOA which was a partnership); and (b) issues of the
quality of the architectural services now to be provided by OOPL. With
respect, the Judge, in so reasoning, had erroneously ventured into the issues
of the _adequacy_ of the consideration. Such an approach was contrary to the
general principle that the courts will only consider the _sufficiency_ of the
consideration and not the relative merits of the bargains that the parties had
contracted for. As it is oft said, consideration need not be _adequate_ so
long as it is _sufficient._ In this regard, the following observations by
Assoc Prof Lee Pey Woan are apposite (see Lee Pey Woan, “Consideration” in
_The Law of Contract in Singapore_ , ch 4 at paras 04.023–04.025):

Consideration must be sufficient but need not be adequate. Although the terms
“sufficient” and “adequate” are often used interchangeably in ordinary
parlance, they denote different meanings in the present context. Here, the
term “sufficient” is synonymous with “ _legal_ validity”. Hence, the phrase
“consideration must be sufficient” is often explained as requiring that
consideration be of some value _in the eyes of the law_. However, once an act
or forbearance is deemed sufficient or valid consideration at law, it is _not_
necessary to show that such consideration is also _adequate_ , _ie_ , that it
has a value that is comparable to the value of the promise. **_The rationale
for this rule lies in the belief that contracting parties are perfectly able
to assess the merits of their own bargains; the role of the court is to
ascertain whether a bargain has been made but not whether it is a good
bargain._** Hence if _A_ agrees to sell his car to _B_ for $20,000 when it in
fact has a market value of $50,000, _B_ ’s payment of $20,000 is undoubtedly
good or sufficient consideration even if it may not be a fair price for _A_ ’s
car. A more extreme example can be found in _Chappell & Co Ltd v Nestlé Co
Ltd_, where it was held that even used chocolates wrappers which were
discarded on receipt could constitute sufficient consideration for the sale of
records.

Sometimes, however, a grossly inadequate consideration may indicate that the
promisor did not willingly consent to a bargain but was in fact coerced or
improperly influenced into such agreement. In such situations, the contract
may be set aside on the ground of duress or undue influence.

Generally, any consideration in monetary terms or which by its nature may
readily be expressed or measured in economic terms is regarded as sufficient
in the eyes of the law. Hence, in the vast majority of commercial contracts,
under which parties furnish consideration in the form of monetary payments, or
the provision of goods or services the value of which can readily be measured
by reference to market prices, the sufficiency of consideration is not in
doubt. Where such “price-tags” cannot be readily affixed to the consideration
in question, the task of identifying consideration becomes more difficult.

[footnotes omitted; emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold
italics]

Further, as we had earlier pointed out above at [43], very little is needed to
find sufficient consideration.

52 For these reasons, we found that the 1983 Agreement had been novated to
OOPL. We now turn to the issue of whether this agreement had been wrongfully
terminated by Fairview.

Wrongful termination of the 1983 Agreement

53 The Judge below dismissed OOPL’s claim for wrongful termination of the 1983
Agreement on the basis that the 1983 Agreement had not been novated to it (see
the Judgment at [39]). It was not clear whether the Judge had impliedly
decided the issue of wrongful termination in OOPL’s favour and would have
allowed its claim if not for the fact that (as the Judge held but with whose
holding we have disagreed) OOPL had failed to prove that the 1983 Agreement
had been novated to it.

54 On appeal, OOPL sought to invite this court to imply a term into the 1983
Agreement that an architect has the right and duty to act as the architect of
a project until its completion in the absence of express terms to the
contrary. In this regard, OOPL relied on Nicholas Dennys, Mark Reaside and
Robert Clay gen eds, _Hudson’s Building and Engineering Contracts_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 12th ed, 2010) at paras 2-018 and 2-139 and Stephen Furst and Vivian
Ramsey, _Keating on Construction Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th ed, 2012) at
para 14-062 as authority for this argument.

55 Fairview, on the other hand, contended that there was no basis to imply
such a term into the 1983 Agreement as it was onerous and not necessary to
give business efficacy to the 1983 Agreement. Instead, all that was required
to give the 1983 Agreement business efficacy was an implied term that the 1983
Agreement could be terminated upon reasonable notice, this being consistent
with contracts of service in general. Fairview also relied on the Singapore
High Court decision of _Chung Meng Soon and Others v Lee Kai Investment (Pte)
Ltd_ [1993] SGHC 26 (“ _Chung Meng Soon_ ”) for what it perceived was the
proposition to the effect that that it is an implied term of an employer’s
engagement of an architect that the standard conditions of the Singapore
Institute of Architects (“the SIA Conditions”) applied, because architects in
Singapore invariably adopt the SIA Conditions. Consequently, Fairview also
relied on cl (j) of the SIA Conditions of Engagement in the _Singapore
Institute of Architects Yearbook 1983_ (“the SIA Conditions 1983”) at p 75
which provided that:

… An engagement entered into between the architect and the client may be
terminated at any time by either party upon reasonable notice being given.

As for what “reasonable notice” entails, Fairview relied on cl 1.29 of the
Singapore Institute of Architects Conditions of Appointment and Scale of
Professional Charges 1985 (“the SIA Conditions 1985”) and its successor
provisions for the proposition that one month’s notice would suffice.

56 Proceeding on the basis referred to in the preceding paragraph, Fairview
further submitted that its failure to give OOPL one month’s notice did not
render such failure a repudiatory breach. Fairview argued that, at the most,
OOPL should only be entitled to claim damages for non-compliance with the
notice clause, which in this case would be nominal as OOPL did not suffer any
loss as a result of the non-compliance. Fairview also argued that OOPL had
waived its right to claim damages for such non-compliance as OOPL did not
raise this in its correspondence nor did it plead such damages.

57 In our view, the arguments presented by _both_ parties, with respect, were
off the mark. This issue could and should be resolved by reference to the
_express_ terms of the 1983 Agreement instead of resorting to implied terms.
It will be recalled that the essence of the 1983 Agreement was that OOA (and
because of the novation, also OOPL) was to be the architect for the _entire_
development of Lot 248. Put another way, the 1983 Agreement itself had already
_expressly_ provided that OOA/OOPL could _not_ be terminated as the architect
for the development of Lot 248 without just cause. That being the case,
Fairview clearly had no right under the terms of the 1983 Agreement to
terminate OOPL’s services in the manner that it did. The conclusion that
inexorably followed was that Fairview’s termination was wrongful. Given our
views on this issue, it was not necessary for us to consider OOPL’s
alternative argument that Fairview had wrongfully terminated OOPL’s engagement
to develop the remaining undeveloped land on Lot 248. We would also add,
parenthetically, that we did not agree with the manner in which Fairview’s
counsel sought to rely on _Chung Meng Soon_ to establish its case on implied
terms.

Conclusion on Issue 1

58 In the circumstances, we allowed OOPL’s appeal and found Fairview liable
for OOPL’s loss of profits arising out of the remaining undeveloped land.
This, however, is to be assessed by the Registrar hearing the assessment of
damages taking into account our decision on Issue 2 and the principle that
there should be no double recovery.

Our decision on Issue 2

59 We now turn to set out our reasons as to why we also allowed OOPL’s claim
for the Later Abortive Works.

Novation of OOA’s entitlement to fees

60 It would be recalled that part of OOPL’s claim for the Later Abortive Works
encapsulated work done by OOA (see above at [25] and [27]). It is evident from
[20] of the Judgment that the key factor that weighed in the Judge’s decision
that OOA’s entitlement to its fees had been novated to OOPL was the phrase
“[OOPL] will succeed OOA and will handle and manage all [OOPL] and OOA
projects and billings” in the 3 April 2001 Succession Letter (set out above at
[23]). The Judge was of the view that OOA and Fairview would have construed
that to mean that from that particular point in time, OOPL, instead of OOA,
would be _entitled_ to the outstanding payment from Fairview.

61 On appeal, Fairview argued that this particular phrase in the 3 April 2001
Succession Letter evinced an intention on the part of OOA to allow OOPL to
_collect_ OOA’s fees only, as opposed to an intention on the part of OOA to
novate to OOPL its _entitlement_ to its fees. Fairview argued that, from OOA’s
perspective, it would not have been commercially sensible for it to have given
up its right to its fees. There was also no evidence of consideration provided
by OOPL or evidence that OOPL had agreed to be liable to Fairview for OOA’s
breaches and/or negligence. It was further argued that, from _Fairview’s_
perspective, it would not have made commercial sense for it to agree to give
up its right to claim against individual partners of OOA and agree to only
claim against OOPL, a private limited company. TTL also gave evidence that he
would have disagreed to such a novation because he would have had concerns
about tax consequences.

62 We were unsympathetic to Fairview’s arguments for a variety of reasons.
First and foremost, we have earlier explained (see above at [46]–[52]) that
the 3 April 2001 Succession Letter and Fairview’s acceptance of it evinced an
agreement between the parties for OOPL to _completely_ step into OOA’s shoes.
We would further point out, in this specific context of the novation of the
entitlement to OOA’s fees, that if OOA had only intended for OOPL to be an
agent to collect OOA’s fees, Fairview’s consent would not have been necessary.
Moreover, a mere _assignment_ of OOA’s right to OOPL, which as pointed out
above (at [46]) would not require Fairview’s consent, would have sufficed to
transfer this benefit to OOPL. The _context_ of the 3 April 2001 Succession
Letter was also highly significant. It bears reiterating that, at the material
time, OOA was undergoing streamlining and its operations were to cease shortly
thereafter; the change in entities was merely a change in form and not
substance. It was commercially absurd to contend that OOA was prepared to let
its legal rights to its outstanding fees fade away into a legal black hole.

63 Next, since the issue of lack of consideration was not challenged by
Fairview at the proceedings below, it did not lie in its mouth to now seek to
rely on the alleged absence of any evidence of consideration provided by OOPL
for such a novation. Matters of evidence aside, we very much doubted
Fairview’s ability to convince us that the novation should fail for lack of
consideration. As we have earlier pointed out (see above at [43]), very little
is needed to find consideration.

64 Finally, as we had earlier pointed out (see above at [49]), Fairview’s
reliance on TTL’s purported concerns about tax consequences in aid of its case
that there could not have been an agreement for OOA’s entitlement to fees to
be novated to OOPL was ultimately irrelevant in the context of the objective
assessment of the parties’ intentions.

65 For these reasons, we affirmed the Judge’s finding that OOA’s entitlement
to fees in respect of its share of the Later Abortive Works had been novated
to OOPL. It followed that it was not necessary for us to determine the factual
dispute as to the exact delineation between works done by OOA and OOPL
respectively. We held that OOPL is entitled to fees in respect of _all_ of the
Later Abortive Works, regardless of whether it was OOA or OOPL who performed
them.

The computation for the Later Abortive Works

66 The Judge held (at [40]–[47] of the Judgment) that OOPL should be entitled
to claim for the Later Abortive Works on a _quantum meruit_ basis, and not on
a percentage fee basis. He took into account the evidence provided by the
experts that, ordinarily, if a project proceeds to construction, the architect
would be entitled to fees charged according to a percentage of the
construction costs. If, however, a project is aborted and this was because of
a wrongful termination by the client concerned, then the architect would be
entitled to damages assessed on the basis of his loss of profits. On the other
hand, if the project is aborted but this was not because of any wrongful
termination by the client, then the damages that the architect would be
entitled to would depend on the specific term in question. Since the
termination of the 1983 Agreement by Fairview was not wrongful and there was
no express term governing remuneration for abortive works, the Judge implied
the term that the fees for the Later Abortive Works should be assessed on a
_quantum meruit_ basis. Such a basis of assessment was, in the Judge’s view,
consistent with the parties’ course of dealing, in particular: (a) the
$250,000 paid by Fairview for the Early Abortive Works; and (b) Fairview’s
letter dated 7 June 1983 in which it was stated that “[i]n the event of the
fresh scheme being disapproved [OOA’s] fees will be based on a quantum
meruit”.

67 OOPL appealed against the basis of computation used by the Judge and urged
us, instead, to find that OOPL’s claim for the Later Abortive Works should be
calculated on a _percentage_ basis according to the terms of the 7 June 1983
letter and the 1993 Agreement (reproduced above at [20]). OOPL first submitted
that the _quantum meruit_ basis referred to in Fairview’s letter dated 7 June
1983 applied only to works that had been aborted because of disapproval from
the relevant authorities, and not to works that had been aborted as a result
of Fairview’s own accord. OOPL further argued that it was clear from the
parties’ conduct that they had intended to abide by the 1993 Agreement. In May
1996, Fairview paid for abortive works carried out by OOA at 4.5% of the
construction costs (“the 1996 4.5% Payment”). Furthermore, Fairview had
applied the fee structure that was set out in the 1993 Agreement in its
computation of fees for the Later Abortive Works in its letter to the BOA
dated 1 March 2010.

68 In response to OOPL’s arguments, Fairview contended that the 1996 4.5%
Payment was merely a one-off event. It was undisputed that when OOPL later
attempted to charge 4.25% of construction costs for other abortive works in
its letter dated 21 September 2001, Fairview disagreed and offered OOPL
$50,000 taking into account the time costs, which OOPL eventually accepted
(“the 2001 $50,000 Payment”). In so far as Fairview’s percentage computation
in its letter to the BOA dated 1 March 2010 was concerned, Fairview urged us
to consider that against the factual context at the material time. In
particular, Fairview pointed out that it was merely trying to do what was
necessary to furnish the necessary security to obtain the LR, and it had
expressly stated that the computation was done on a without prejudice basis.
Fairview further argued that the SIA Conditions applied, and that under these
conditions, the works set out above at [27(a)] and [27(b)] were considered as
Preliminary or Additional Services, not Basic Services, and thus should be
remunerated on a _quantum meruit_ basis.

69 Having considered the parties’ arguments, we respectfully disagreed with
the Judge’s finding. We found, instead, that the Later Abortive Works should
be calculated on a _percentage_ basis. Let us elaborate.

70 First and foremost, the $250,000 lump sum payment for the Early Abortive
Works should have been considered in the context of it being a reduced sum
accepted by OOA specifically in consideration of the 1983 Agreement. It was
evident from OSM’s handwritten notes (reproduced above at [14]–[16]) that
_prior_ to the $250,000 payment, the parties had proceeded on the basis that
OOA was entitled to fees for the Early Abortive Works on a _percentage_ basis.
The relevant extract from OSM’s Handwritten Note #1 is set out below:

Architectural only **_4.5%_**

If [OOA] continue to be [architect] for the whole [development] irrespective
of the various phases and [OOA] will charge the abortive work **_not entirely
based on fee %_** but a reasonable lump sum fee.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The relevant extract from OSM’s Handwritten Note #2 is set out below:

Estimated Project Cost:

@ $135 of Net [floor] area $110.9 [million]

**_?_** **_Fee based on 4½%_** $1,663,500

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The relevant extract from OSM’s Handwritten Note #3 is set out below:

Agreed @ $450,000/- subject to further confirmation by Teo Tong Wah. This is
to confirm that all the 5 proposed condominium [developments] will be by
[OOA], **_otherwise_**** __Fee scale__**** _instead of $450,000/- will
apply_**. [emphasis added in bold italics and in underlined bold italics]

71 Next, we agreed with OOPL that on a true construction of the 7 June 1983
letter, OOA and Fairview had only agreed that the _quantum meruit_ basis was
applicable in the event of a scheme being _rejected by the relevant
authorities_. The relevant paragraph of the said letter is reproduced below,
as follows:

We also take this opportunity to formally instruct you to draw up a fresh
scheme for submission to the Competent Authority for an in-principle planning
approval in the shortest time. _In the event of the fresh scheme being_**
_disapproved_** _your fees will be based on a quantum meruit._ In the event of
approval, and as agreed, your fees will be 4½% of the total construction costs
(excluding other consultants’ fees) the mode of payment of which can be
further discussed on obtaining in-principle planning approval. [emphasis added
in italics and in bold italics]

It should be noted that the paragraph quoted above began with Fairview’s
specific instructions to “draw up a fresh scheme for submission” to _the
relevant authorities_. It was only thereafter that Fairview had stated that
“[i]n the event of the fresh scheme being _disapproved_ ” [emphasis added],
the fees would be based on a _quantum meruit_ basis. Viewed in the _context_
of that entire paragraph, it was clear that the parties’ agreement with regard
to a _quantum meruit_ basis extended _only_ to works that are aborted because
of disapproval from the relevant authorities. The Judge’s view that the
parties had had a course of dealing of resolving payment for abortive works on
a _quantum meruit_ basis even where the reason for the abortion had _nothing
to do with disapproval from the relevant authorities_ was therefore, with
respect, misplaced.

72 In our view, the 7 June 1983 letter evinced, instead, an agreement to the
effect that OOPL’s fees for _all_ works done (_other than_ works aborted by
virtue of regulatory disapproval) would be paid on a _percentage_ basis,
specifically, 4.5% of the total construction costs. The significant sentence
was that which came after the sentence that the Judge, with respect,
erroneously relied on. It stated as follows:

_In the event of approval, and as agreed, your fees will be_ **_4½%_** _of the
total construction costs_ (excluding other consultants’ fees) the mode of
payment of which can be further discussed on obtaining in-principle planning
approval. [emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

73 This agreement in 1983 was then subsequently _varied_ in 1993 pursuant to a
meeting between the parties’ representatives. It was recorded in OOA’s 5 March
1993 letter (see above at [20]) that the parties had agreed that an
increasingly lower percentage would be payable for the later phases of
development:

i) |  Phase I development |  : |  4.5% of project cost  
---|---|---|---  
ii) |  Phase II development |  : |  4.5% of project cost  
iii) |  Phase III development |  : |  4.25% of project cost  
iv) |  subsequent phases |  : |  4.0% of project cost  
  
  

Fairview did not point us to any evidence that such a variation had not in
fact been agreed to. It should be noted that Fairview’s reliance on the 2001
$50,000 Payment and its without prejudice computation in its letter to the BOA
dated 21 March 2001 were events that transpired _much later_ in time. At best,
Fairview could argue that those events constituted a later _further_ variation
of this agreement (and even then we do not agree (see below at [77]–[79])),
but there was no basis to find that a variation had not taken place in 1993.

74 We noted that, in its submissions, OOPL urged us to find that the Later
Abortive Works were calculable on a percentage basis, _specifically_ , on the
figures set out in the 1993 Agreement. This translated to the items set out
above at [25(a)]–[25(c)] (being works done in relation to Phase 3) being paid
at 4.25% of the construction costs and the items set out above at [25(d)] and
[27(a)]–[27(c)] (being works done in relation to Phase 4) being paid at 4% of
the construction costs. OOPL did _not_ pursue the seemingly higher case that
_all_ items of the Later Abortive Works were payable at _4.5%_ pursuant to a
_further_ variation of the fee agreement in 1996 as referred to in OOA’s
letter dated 6 May 1996 (see above at [21]):

In view of the current status of the project and the present difficulties
faced, your [TTW] and [TTL] have made the following commitments and
instructions:

(i) [OOA’s] professional fee for the services of the entire development site
_will remain at 4.5% throughout_. This professional fee of 4.5% of the final
construction cost _will not be subject to any reduction as have been done
previously by owner in 1993_. The mode and time of payment will _be based on
the SIA standard_ and will be paid promptly by owner once received.

[original emphasis in underlining; emphasis added in italics]

Not only did OOPL not pursue a case based on the above letter, it had actually
_denied_ the existence of such a variation in its pleadings. Presumably, this
was because, in the proceedings below, Fairview had relied on this letter to
plead that _inter alia_ : (a) the SIA Conditions 1985 applied; and (b) the
purported agreement in 1996 constituted a full and final settlement of all
works (including abortive works) done by OOA up to May 1996. These arguments,
if fully made out, might have had the effect of bolstering Fairview’s case
that there had been no wrongful termination of OOPL’s services and/or that
OOPL’s claim for the Later Abortive Works was time-barred. We note that
Fairview did not pursue these specific lines of arguments on appeal.

75 Notwithstanding the parties’ positions on appeal, we were minded to find
that the parties’ agreement as to OOA/OOPL’s fees had in fact been _further_
varied in 1996. At this juncture, it would be useful to set out the following
summary of the applicable principles relating to variation of a contract from
Sean Wilken and Karim Ghaly, _The Law of Waiver, Variation and Estoppel_
(Oxford University Press, 3rd ed, 2012) (at para 2.14):

Since _Felthouse v Brindley_ unless there is a specific provision which
permits it, a party cannot unilaterally vary the terms of a contract; **_there
has to be acceptance of the variation of the contract, that acceptance being
more than ‘mental acceptance or mere acquiescence’_**. Therefore, in the same
way as there must be offer and acceptance at the formation of the contract,
**_the parties to the contract must agree to the variation, must agree to all
material aspects of the variation and must intend to vary the contract_** _._
… Finally, the parties’ consensus must be **_sufficiently certain and be in
sufficiently clear terms such that the proposed alteration of their
obligations can be given effect_**. [footnotes omitted, emphasis added in bold
italics]

OOA’s letter dated 6 May 1996 (reproduced above at [74]) and Fairview’s
unqualified acceptance of those terms in a letter dated 11 May 1996 clearly
and objectively evinced a consensus that OOA was to be paid 4.5% of the
construction costs henceforth. The fact that OOPL subsequently submitted a
claim for Phase 3 abortive works on a percentage basis that was inconsistent
with that set out in OOA’s letter dated 6 May 1996 did not, in the final
analysis, detract from the validity of the further variation in 1996 (see
below at [78]).

76 It suffices to note at this juncture that, pursuant to the 6 May 1996
letter, the agreement between the parties was also varied inasmuch as the SIA
Conditions 1985 were henceforth to be incorporated into the agreement.
However, those conditions were incorporated _only_ in so far as the “mode and
time of payment” were concerned. The 6 May 1996 letter therefore had no
bearing at all on our finding with regard to Issue 1 that there had been
wrongful termination of OOPL’s employment (see above at [53]–[57]). In the
final analysis, neither did this letter have a bearing on our decision on the
inapplicability of the limitation defence (see below at [84]–[91]).

77 For completeness, although Fairview itself did not make submissions on
this, we also considered Fairview’s case at its next highest to the effect
that there was yet another further variation of the parties’ agreement for
OOA/OOPL’s fees to be paid on a _quantum meruit_ basis. On 21 September 2001,
OOA wrote to Fairview seeking $190,000 (calculated upon 4.25% of construction
costs) for certain works pertaining to Phase 3 which were aborted because of
changes to design. On 11 October 2001, Fairview replied, proposing to pay a
_quantum meruit_ sum of $50,000 instead, citing the following reasons:

1 The above is amendment work, not a separate new project. It is concurrently
administered with the other 44 units of classical design. Your proposed
standard mode for the affected units is based on, as if the 34 terraces and 4
bungalows are a separate new project.

2 There is no change to site layout and concept; no change in internal house
plans layout and architectural finishes for the modern design to the
originally approved classical design. Thus less time will be spent as compare
[sic] to a separate new project, starting from brief.

3 This amendment work is taking into consideration of the Existing Structures
(complete and under-construction) and repropose the elevation treatment,
together with our and main contractor’s input. Thereafter submitting to
authority for approval.

78 Several points should be made regarding this letter. First, it was evident
that Fairview did _not_ dispute that OOA/OOPL was entitled to fees on a
_percentage_ basis for abortive works. This further buttressed our earlier
finding that the parties had in fact arrived at such an agreement (see above
at [69]–[75]). This then brings us to our second point briefly alluded to
above at [75], which is that although the $190,000 (which was calculated upon
4.25% of the construction costs) was consistent with there being an agreement
on a percentage basis, the percentage figure used was _consistent with the
1993 Agreement_ and _inconsistent with the further variation in 1996_.
However, in the final analysis, this did _not_ detract from the validity of
the further variation in 1996. The courts, in construing whether a contract
(or in this case, a variation of a contract) had come into existence at a
particular point in time, do not take into account the parties’ subsequent
conduct. Subsequent conduct may perhaps be relevant to the finding of a
_subsequent_ variation, but would not affect the coming into existence of the
contract (or in this case, a variation of the contract) at an _earlier_ point
in time.

79 The third point to be made about the letter dated 11 October 2001 is this.
It was apparent that Fairview had proposed the _quantum meruit_ sum of $50,000
because it had taken the view that the _particular_ abortive work concerned
was, in fact, not very substantial. This letter dated 11 October 2001 was
therefore different from OOA’s letter dated 6 May 1996 (which we found
sufficient to vary the agreement between the parties (see above at [75])) as
there was nothing in Fairview’s letter dated 11 October 2001 that could be
objectively construed as an offer from Fairview that _all_ abortive works were
henceforth to be calculated on a _quantum meruit_ basis. The parties clearly
had _not_ arrived at any consensus to the effect that the fees for abortive
works were to be varied to a _quantum meruit_ basis. Accordingly, having
regard to the contractual principles on variation set out above (at [75]), we
rejected the possibility that the variation in 1996 was further varied to a
_quantum meruit_ basis in 2001.

80 We were also unable to accept Fairview’s reliance on the fact that it had
stated that in its letter to the BOA dated 1 March 2010 that its percentage
basis computation was on a without prejudice basis. The relevant portion of
the said letter is reproduced below, as follows:

…

12) Based on our computation for work done in respect of Phase 4 and 4a only
(Appendix 1), OOPL would only have been entitled to $703,551.50 for
architectural services rendered.

13) _However, we are advised that their claim for work done in respect of
Phase 4 and Phase 4a are now time-barred, by virtue of the Limitation Act as
more than 6 years have elapsed since they completed their work for Phase 4 and
Phase 4a in 2000 and 2002 respectively._

14) **_Nonetheless_** _, and on a strictly without prejudice basis and solely
for the purpose of furnishing security, we are prepared to accept the figure
of $703,551.50 for computation of fees._ For avoidance of doubt, this should
not be construed as an admission that OOPL are entitled to any fees.

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Viewed in its full _context_ , and in particular having regard to the word
“[n]onetheless” in para 14 of the letter which linked back to the preceding
paragraph (_viz_ , para 13), it was clear that Fairview’s express reservation
that the computation was on a “without prejudice” basis was made in relation
to its assertion that OOPL’s claim had been _time-barred_. Put another way,
the “without prejudice” reservation was _not_ made in relation to any dispute
on the part of Fairview that the parties had agreed to, or had agreed to vary
to a _quantum meruit_ basis for _all_ abortive works.

81 Finally, for the reasons already canvassed earlier (see above at [78]), the
fact that Fairview’s computation to the BOA was done on the basis of the
figures set out in the 1993 Agreement and not the subsequent variation in 1996
did not detract from the existence of the latter.

82 For the above reasons, we concluded, firstly, that the parties had agreed
in 1983 for OOA (and by extension, OOPL) to be paid on a _percentage_ and not
_quantum meruit_ basis for _all_ works including those that were aborted, but
_excluding works that were aborted by reason of regulatory disapproval_. The
exact percentage was subsequently varied in 1993 and further varied in 1996
back to the original terms in the 7 June 1983 letter (_ie_ , _4.5%_ for _all_
works pertaining to Lot 248). Finally, since _only_ the SIA Conditions 1985
pertaining to the _mode and timing of payment_ were incorporated into the
terms of the parties’ engagement with each other after the variation in 1996,
we rejected Fairview’s argument that the works set out above at [27(a)] and
[27(b)] were considered as Preliminary or Additional Services, not Basic
Services, and thus should be remunerated on a _quantum meruit_ basis pursuant
to the SIA Conditions 1985.

Limitation

83 Fairview’s primary case in relation to the issue of limitation was that,
even if OOPL was entitled to claim for fees for the Later Abortive Works, the
claim had been time-barred under the Limitation Act. OOPL’s argument in
response was that the time-bar defence was inapplicable, and even if it was
applicable, there had been a valid acknowledgment of debt by Fairview which
therefore _restarted_ the limitation clock. Fairview’s counter-argument was
that there had been no valid acknowledgment of debt, and that, even if there
was such an acknowledgment, it should not restart the limitation clock. We
will turn to consider each of these arguments _seriatim_.

Applicability of the time-bar defence

84 We turn first to the primary issue centring on the applicability of the
time-bar defence. The Judge held (albeit without delving into much detail)
that the right to payment for the Later Abortive Works accrued only when
Fairview gave its instructions to abandon the project on 1 October 2009, and
since this was within six years of the filing of the suit on 20 May 2011, the
time-bar defence was inapplicable (see the Judgment at [48]–[51]).

85 On appeal, Fairview argued that the Judge had erred in finding that OOPL’s
right to payment accrued only when Fairview terminated its engagement, as
OOA/OOPL’s entitlement to payment arose upon completion of the various stages
of work pursuant to cl 2.2 of the SIA Conditions 1985. In response, OOPL
contended that the Judge’s finding was correct as OOPL had the additional and
separate (as well as independent or free-standing) right to bill for works at
the time that they became abortive.

86 We arrived at the same conclusion as the Judge who held that the time-bar
defence was not applicable, albeit for somewhat different reasons. First and
foremost, as pointed out earlier (see above at [74]–[76]), the SIA Conditions
1985 applied, _but only_ in so far as the terms pertaining to the mode and
time of payment were concerned. In other words, _only_ the relevant clauses in
section 6 of the SIA Conditions 1985 titled “Mode and Time of Payment and
Partial Services” were applicable to the terms of the parties’ engagement. In
particular, Condition 6.1 provided as follows:

Payment for Basic Services in Stages

6.1 Subject to the monthly payments to be made to the Architect as hereinafter
provided, _the Architect shall be entitled to progress payments for basic
services rendered in stages as the project progresses in accordance with the
following percentage fee on completion of each stage_ as follows:-

…

NOTE:

(a) The above fees shall be _deemed to be due and payable on the issuance of
the notes or bills of charges_ by the Architect to the Client.

…

[emphasis added]

87 When both the opening paragraph of Condition 6.1 and Note (a) are read
together, it was evident that while an architect became entitled to progress
payments upon the completion of the various stages, such progress payments
only became “due and payable” upon the issuance of the relevant invoice(s).
Accordingly, while an architect’s _entitlement_ to payment accrues upon
completion of various stages, _no right and corresponding cause of action to
sue upon such a right arises unless and until the relevant invoice(s) had been
issued_. To put it another way, the entitlement to fees crystallises into a
right upon which a cause of action accrues only when the invoice is issued.

88 Our interpretation in the preceding paragraph accords, first, with the
permissive and open manner in which it was stated in the opening paragraph of
Condition 6.1 that the architect “shall be entitled” to progress payments on
completion of each stage, as opposed to words with a more mandatory effect
such as “the client _shall pay_ to the architect”. Our interpretation also
accords with the absence of any condition setting out a timeline within which
an architect _must_ render its invoice. Any concern that such an
interpretation would result in developers being inundated by invoices relating
to works completed an inordinately long time ago (possibly even beyond the six
year limitation period for contractual claims) was, in our view, valid but, in
the final analysis, overstated. An architect would not (for obvious commercial
reasons) want to be put out of pocket for too long. And so long as the working
relationship between the parties is on-going, the _flexibility_ to decide when
to bill (even if it would be more than six years after the completion of a
particular stage of work) would be commercially beneficial to _both_ the
architect and its client, particularly where the construction project in
question is a long and drawn out one. The architect would be assured of its
due _entitlement_ to payment while, on the other hand, the client would have
room to negotiate with the architect on when the invoice is to be issued and
when the actual payment is to be made based on the parties’ respective
commercial considerations.

89 In the light of our interpretation, we disagreed with Fairview’s contention
that OOA/OOPL’s cause of action arose immediately upon the completion of each
stage of work. We also disagreed with OOPL’s characterisation of a “separate
and free-standing right”. There was only ever _one_ cause of action in respect
of each item of the Later Abortive Works, and that accrued upon the service of
the relevant invoice. However, as we shall proceed to explain, this was
inapplicable on the present facts as the 1983 Agreement had been wrongfully
terminated.

90 In our view, once Fairview had wrongfully terminated OOPL’s services on 1
October 2009, r 6(1) of the Architects (Professional Conduct and Ethics) Rules
(Cap 12, R 2, 2003 Rev Ed) (“r 6(1)”) was triggered, thereby causing the cause
of action founded upon contract to arise. Rule 6(1) reads as follows:

**Fees payable for registered architect’s services, etc.**

**6.** —(1) Where a registered architect, licensed corporation or licensed
partnership (referred to in this rule as a claimant) performs partial services
for any reason, including the abandonment, deferment, substitution or omission
of any work or part thereof, or _if the claimant’s services are terminated for
any reason, the claimant shall be entitled to such fees for such partial
services rendered, or services performed up to the date of termination of his
services_ as may be agreed between the parties or, in the absence of any
specific agreement to that effect, the following fees: …

[emphasis added]

Although r 6(1) similarly speaks of “entitlement” (the phrase “the claimant
shall be entitled to such fees” refers), the meaning of the word “entitlement”
within the context of r 6(1) was different from that within the context of
Condition 6.1. As there was no equivalent provision similar to Note (a) in r
6(1), the entitlement that arose in r 6(1) was _not_ contingent upon any other
further event to crystallise as an actionable right. Put simply, once OOPL’s
service was terminated, the cause of action to recover the outstanding sums
arose _immediately_ and the limitation clock started ticking. Such an
interpretation of r 6(1), in our view, accords sensibly with the specific fact
scenario that it addresses, namely, where the relationship between the parties
has come to an _end_.

91 In the circumstances, we agreed with the Judge’s conclusion that OOPL’s
cause of action arose only on 1 October 2009, and that accordingly, the time-
bar defence was inapplicable.

Acknowledgment of debt by Fairview

92 Even if Fairview was able to rely on the time-bar defence, we would have
found (as the Judge did in passing at [52] of the Judgment) that there had
been a valid acknowledgment of debt by Fairview which resulted in the fresh
accrual of action pursuant to s 26(2) of the Limitation Act. The said
provision reads follows:

**Fresh accrual of action on acknowledgement or part payment**

**26.** …

(2) Where any right of action has accrued to recover any debt or other
liquidated pecuniary claim, or any claim to the personal estate of a deceased
person or to any share or interest therein, and the person liable or
accountable therefor acknowledges the claim or makes any payment in respect
thereof, _the right shall be deemed to have accrued on and not before the date
of the acknowledgment_ or the last payment.

[emphasis added]

93 A useful summary of the applicable legal principles governing what would
constitute a valid acknowledgment within the meaning of s 26(2) of the
Limitation Act is set out in the Singapore High Court decision of _Kim Eng
Securities Pte Ltd v Tan Suan Khee_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 195 (“ _Kim Eng
Securities_ ”) at [40], as follows:

40 Under s 26(2) of the Act, a cause of action in debt will accrue afresh
where “the person liable or accountable for the claim acknowledges the claim.”
As to what was needed to constitute an acknowledgment under the limitation
regime, the Court of Appeal in _Chuan & Company Pte Ltd v Ong Soon Huat_
[2003] 2 SLR(R) 205 (“ _Chuan & Company_”) held at [17] that to constitute an
acknowledgement under s 26(2), the debt must be admitted as remaining due. The
Court of Appeal in _Greenline-Onyx_ at [14] accepted and adopted the principle
in _Bradford & Bingley plc v Rashid_ [2006] 1 WLR 2066 (“Bradford & Bingley”)
that acknowledgments for the purposes of the limitation regime are not
confined to admissions of debts where liability and quantum are indisputable.
Furthermore, there can be an acknowledgment of a debt for a lower amount
accepted as payable (see _Greenline-Onyx_ at [16]). There can also be an
acknowledgment even if the quantum of the debt is not stated so long as
reference can be made to extrinsic evidence to ascertain the amount. As the
debt which is time-barred under the Act is not extinguished, the
acknowledgment may be made after the expiration of the period of limitation
(see _Chuan & Company_ at [34]). There is a further principle of some
importance. It is that the communication must be construed as a whole and in
its context. Where words in a document are clear, it is not permissible to
refer to extrinsic material to give the words a meaning that is at variance
with the express words (see _Chuan & Company_ at [35]).

94 With the above legal principles in mind, we now turn to set out the details
of the relevant facts, with particular regard to the correspondence between
the parties.

95 It would be recalled that Fairview’s termination of OOPL’s services was
communicated on 1 October 2009. On 3 November 2009, Fairview rejected OOPL’s
request to meet to resolve the matter and stated at the end of the letter as
follows:

Kindly let us have your letter of release and your invoice for work done
todate [_sic_].

96 Subsequently, in response to OOPL’s request on 13 November 2009 for more
time to “assess the immense work done to date”, Fairview replied on 18
November 2009 stating as follows:

… [K]indly let us know as to when you will be sending the invoice for the
above phase of work.

97 On 3 December 2009, Fairview sent a reminder letter stating as follows:

… [W]e note that we have still not received your invoice and the letter of
release.

Kindly let us have the above without further delay.

98 On 14 December 2009, OOPL responded to Fairview’s letter dated 3 December
2009, stating as follows:

…

Much work, effort, time and manpower would be required for us to run through
the history of hard work that has been done to safeguard Lot 248 in order for
us to be reasonably compensated for this discharge.

We will thus send the required in good time when ready …

99 Fairview thereafter responded on 18 December 2009 stating as follows:

… We cannot wait indefinitely for your bill and as we require the letter of
release/no objection as soon as possible, we are hereby giving you fourteen
(14) days from the date of this letter to give us the letter of release _on
our undertaking to pay such reasonable fees as you are entitled to_ , for all
work done to date in relation to the above project … [emphasis added]

100 Subsequently, by way of a letter dated 30 December 2009 to the BOA and
copied to OOPL, Fairview wrote as follows:

10) If OOPL cannot get their bill prepared in time, OOPL can give their best
estimate of the proposed fees hopefully by 7 January 2009, so that we can
furnish the necessary security. We reiterate our undertaking to pay such
reasonable fees as OOPL are entitled to, for all work done to date in relation
to the Project in order to secure the letter of release from OOPL.

11) We therefore request that the [BOA] ask OOPL to give us their estimate of
the fees due so that we can furnish the necessary security with the Board and
OOPL in order to secure the letter of release.

101 And in a separate letter to OOPL also dated 30 December 2009, Fairview
wrote as follows:

As stated in our letter to the [BOA], if you cannot get your bill ready,
please let us have your best estimate of the fees due so that we can furnish
the necessary security.

We repeat our undertaking to pay such reasonable fees you are entitled to, for
all work done to date in relation to the above project.

102 By a letter dated 15 January 2010, the BOA wrote to Fairview stating as
follows:

6\. In order for the [BOA] to understand the terms and conditions governing
your relationship with [OOPL], you are required to provide a full account of
your relationship with OOPL and to state your view(s) as to the amount of fees
which [OOPL] should be entitled to and which have not been paid and the basis
of your view(s), together with copies of those documents which you are relying
on …

103 On 28 January 2010, Fairview replied to the BOA and copied to OOPL,
stating as follows:

5) We are not in a position to give our views as to the amount of fees OOPL
are entitled to, as we have not received any bills or invoices from OOPL for
work done in respect of the Written Permission and the Provisional Permission
above. It is best that the amount of fees payable should come from OOPL
themselves.

104 Finally, on 1 March 2010, Fairview wrote to the BOA contending (for the
first time) that OOPL’s claim had been time-barred:

12) Based on our computation for work done in respect of Phase 4 and 4a only
(Appendix 1), OOPL would only have been entitled to $703,551.50 for
architectural services rendered.

13) However, we are advised that their claim for work done in respect of Phase
4 and Phase 4a are now time-barred, by virtue of the Limitation Act as more
than 6 years have elapsed since they completed their work for Phase 4 and
Phase 4a in 2000 and 2002 respectively.

14) Nonetheless, and on a strictly without prejudice basis and solely for the
purpose of furnishing security, we are prepared to accept the figure of
$703,551.50 for computation of fees. For avoidance of doubt, this should not
be construed as an admission that OOPL are entitled to any fees.

105 Having regard to the overall chain of correspondence between the parties
(and the BOA) set out above (at [95]–[104]), it was evident to us that,
although Fairview did not acknowledge the exact amount owing to OOPL, it had
acknowledged the _existence_ of a debt owing to OOPL. Such an acknowledgment,
as noted in [40] of _Kim Eng Securities_ (cited above at [93]), was sufficient
for the purposes of the operation of s 26(2) of the Limitation Act, so long as
reference could be made to extrinsic evidence to ascertain the said amount.

106 In coming to our conclusion that there was a valid acknowledgment of debt,
we noted in particular that in Fairview’s letter dated 3 November 2009 (see
above at [95]), instead of enquiring _if_ there were any outstanding fees,
Fairview had, _on its own initiative_ , sought OOPL’s invoice _without any
prior prompting from OOPL_. We also disagreed with Fairview’s submission that
the words “reasonable” and “entitled” in its letters dated 18 December 2009
(see above at [99]) and 30 December 2009 (see above at [100]–[101]) were
qualifications that negated the coming into existence of any acknowledgment of
debt. In our view, the only reasonable interpretation of those letters was
that Fairview was merely reserving its position to pay fees which were
reasonable in quantum. And, most significantly, we noted that in the face of
the BOA’s direct question to Fairview as to the latter’s views on OOPL’s
entitlement as to fees, Fairview did _not_ deny such entitlement in its
response dated 28 January 2010 (see above at [103]) even though it had had the
benefit of legal advice then. All that was asserted by Fairview was that it
was not in a position to give its views as to the “amount of fees” that OOPL
was entitled to.

107 In short, Fairview’s reservation of its position with regard to the issue
of limitation in its letter to the BOA dated 1 March 2010 was too late, as
there had already been a valid acknowledgment of debt prior to that. In any
event, this issue was rendered academic in light of our earlier finding that
the limitation defence was not applicable to Fairview in the first place (see
above at [84]–[91]).

Restarting of the limitation clock

108 As alluded to earlier (see above at [83]), Fairview raised the further
argument on appeal that, even if there had been a valid acknowledgment of debt
on its part, such acknowledgment, having been made after the purported expiry
of the limitation period, ought not to restart the limitation clock. As we
found that the limitation period had _not_ expired (see above at [84]–[91]),
this issue was also an academic one. Nevertheless, we would take this
opportunity to address the arguments raised by Fairview.

109 The key question can be summed up as follows – can an acknowledgment made
_after_ the expiry of a limitation period restart the limitation clock? The
short answer, based on the authority of this court’s decision in _Chuan &
Company Pte Ltd v Ong Soon Huat_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 205 (“ _Chuan & Company_”) at
[33]–[35] (which was applied in the Singapore High Court’s decision in _Kim
Eng Securities_ at [40] and [45]) is that it _can_. Fairview did not dispute
that this _is_ the position under our law. However, while recognising that
this matter might be one best left for Parliament to look into, Fairview
invited us to _reconsider_ the common law position on the basis that the
legislative history behind s 26(2) of the Limitation Act was not considered in
_Chuan & Company_, and that such consideration would have made a difference to
the conclusion reached.

110 Having considered the matter, we disagreed with Fairview’s contention and
saw no basis to differ from the conclusion that we arrived at in _Chuan &
Company_. It would, first and foremost, be useful to note that the Singapore
Limitation Act was adopted from the Limitation Act 1939 (c 21) (UK) (“UK
Limitation Act 1939”) (see _per_ the then Minister for Labour and Law, Mr K M
Byrne in _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (2 September 1959)
vol 11 at cols 586–587):

… Sir, the main purpose of this Bill is to effect a simplification and, I
hope, an improvement in the law relating to the limitation of actions. The
present law in Singapore is based on the Indian law, which was passed in 1877
in India and was introduced into the former Straits Settlements in 1896. The
Indian Act and the whole law is extremely complicated.

…

Mr Speaker, Sir, in the Federation, a committee was set up in 1950 to consider
the law relating to limitations. This committee recommended the adoption of
the English law of limitations as contained in the Limitation Act of 1939. As
a result, the Federation, in 1953, enacted the Limitation Ordinance. The
Singapore Bar Committee has also considered the matter and has recommended
that legislation on the lines of the English Limitation Act, 1939, and the
Federation Limitation Ordinance, 1953, be enacted in Singapore.

111 In particular, s 26(2) of the Singapore Limitation Act (reproduced above
at [92]) is _in pari materia_ with s 23(4) of the UK Limitation Act 1939.
English decisions such as _In re Gee & Co (Woolwich) Ltd_ [1975] 1 Ch 52 have
interpreted s 23(4) of the UK Limitation Act 1939 as permitting
acknowledgments made both before _and after_ the expiry of the limitation
period to restart the limitation clock.

112 To make good its case that this court should reconsider its decision in
_Chuan & Company_, Fairview relied primarily on the English High Court
decision of _Dwr Cymru (Welsh Water) v Carmarthenshire County Council_ [2004]
EWHC 2991 (“ _Dwr Cymru_ ”) (at [30]) for the proposition that the restarting
of the limitation clock was intended to apply _only_ when the acknowledgment
was made _before_ the expiry of the limitation period:

The Limitation Act 1623 provided that an action for debt could not be brought
more than six years after the cause of action arose. According to the preamble
this Act was passed “for quieting of mens’ estates and avoiding of suits”.
This statute could sometimes cause injustice and judges mitigated its effect
in the following way. If the debtor acknowledged the debt or made a part
payment on account **_during the first six years_** , then the limitation
period started again. The law treated this as a promise to pay which revived
the original cause of action. [emphasis added in bold italics]

Fairview argued that when this judge-made law was later put onto a statutory
footing and consolidated into the UK Limitation Act 1939, it did not go so far
as to allow acknowledgements made _after_ the expiry of the limitation period.
It was on this basis that Fairview invited us to reconsider our decision in
_Chuan & Company_.

113 In our view, it might well have been the case, as suggested in _Dwr Cymru_
at [30] (and quoted in the preceding paragraph), that, _historically_ , only
acknowledgements made before the expiry of the limitation period could restart
the limitation clock. However, it was clear that _the common law had developed
and the English courts began to also permit acknowledgements made after the
expiry of the limitation period to restart the limitation clock_. This much
was acknowledged in 1936 in the UK Law Revision Committee, _Fifth Interim
Report (Statutes of Limitation)_ (Cmd 5334, 1936) (“1936 Report”) at p 25, as
follows:

… [I]t is now well settled (1) that a written unconditional promise to pay a
debt on request given within six years before action brought is sufficient to
defeat a defence based upon the Limitation Act, 1623; (2) that such a promise
is implied in a simple acknowledgment of the debt; (3) that if the promise be
one to pay at a future time, or subject to the performance of some condition,
the Statute will be available as a defence until that time arrives, or the
condition is performed, as the case may be; (4) when the acknowledgment is
coupled with expressions that negative a promise to pay it is ineffective
altogether; _and (5) that it is immaterial whether the acknowledgment be given
before_** _or after_** _the Statute has run_. [emphasis added in italics and
in bold italics]

114 This was also consistent with the UK Law Reform Committee, _Twenty-First
Report (Final Report on Limitation of Actions)_ (Cmnd 6923, 1977) (“1977
Report”) at para 2.68:

… Before 1939, although _there had been some conflict of authority in the 19th
century_ , it had become the rule that if expiration of the limitation period
had extinguished a title to property no subsequent part-payment or
acknowledgment could revive that title. _But if only the remedy was barred,
the obligation was revived by an acknowledgment or part-payment made_** _at
any time_** _._ [emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

115 It was also significant that the UK Law Revision Committee expressly
recommended in 1936 that the pre-existing rule (_viz_ , that acknowledgements
made _after_ the expiry of the limitation period can restart the limitation
clock) should be retained, save that such acknowledgments would bind only the
maker and his personal representatives. In this regard, the UK Law Revision
Committee concluded as follows in the _1936 Report_ at p 29:

We have indeed given careful consideration to the question whether it is not
desirable to render ineffective altogether acknowledgments and part payments
made after the statute has run. The question is to some extent bound up with
the wider question whether the effect of statutes of limitation should not be
in all cases to extinguish the right as well as to bar the remedy. At present
the right is only extinguished in actions for the recovery of land, and in
such actions acknowledgments given after the period of limitation are
ineffective … On the whole we have come to the conclusion that unless it is
decided to extinguish the right in all cases (and we do not want to anticipate
our consideration of that question), _acknowledgments and part payments
made_** _after_** _the statute has run_** _should_** _bind the persons who
make them but them alone._

We recommend therefore that s. 14 of the Mercantile Law Amendment Act, 1856,
should be repealed, and that a general provision should be enacted to the
effect that acknowledgments should bind the persons making them and their
successors in title, and that part-payments should in addition bind co-debtors
and co-contractors but that _no acknowledgment or party payment made after the
statute has run should bind any reason other than the person who made it, or
his personal representatives._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

116 In the 1977 Report, the UK Law Reform Committee confirmed that this
recommendation in 1936 was followed through _viz_ the UK Limitation Act 1939
at para 2.69:

The Law Revision Committee treated this rule as _well settled_ by 1936 and,
_although they gave careful consideration to the matter, did not recommend any
fundamental change_ , though they did propose that an acknowledgment or a
part-payment made out of time should bind only the person making it and his
personal representatives. _The Committee’s recommendation on this point was
implemented by section 25 of the 1939 Act, which left the pre-existing general
rule_** _unchanged_** _._ [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

117 It was therefore clear to us that when the UK Parliament put the judge-
made law on acknowledgments on a statutory footing, _viz_ , by way of s 23(4)
of the UK Limitation Act 1939, it was effected with the intention to _also
permit_ acknowledgements made _after_ the expiry of the limitation period to
restart the limitation clock. Consequently, when the Singapore Parliament in
1959 adopted s 23(4) of the UK Limitation Act 1939 and enacted it as s 26(2)
of our Limitation Act, we effectively adopted that rule as well. At this
juncture, we should point out that the rule that gives legal effect to an
“out-of-time” acknowledgment is logically consistent with the principle that
limitation only bars the _remedy_ and not the _right_. In this regard, the
following extract from _Chuan & Company_ at [35] is apposite:

35 Under our statutory scheme, where the limitation period has expired, what
it means is that the debt is irrecoverable. If the debtor is sued, he may
plead the defence of limitation. However, this defence must be expressly
pleaded: see s 4 of the Act, O 18 r 18(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
1997 Rev Ed) and the House of Lords’ decision in _Ketteman v Hansel Properties
Ltd_ [1987] 1 AC 189 at 219. Thus, a judgment may be entered on such a claim
unless the debtor raises the limitation defence. A judgment may also be
entered if there is a subsequent acknowledgment of the debt. Therefore, our
scheme of things does not render a debt which is time barred non-existent; it
only renders the debt irrecoverable if limitation is pleaded.

118 In 1980, the UK _departed_ from the pre-existing rule as set out in s
23(4) of the UK Limitation Act and enacted s 29(7) of the Limitation Act 1980
(c 58) (UK) (“UK Limitation Act 1980”) which expressly _prohibits_ the revival
of a time-barred action. The relevant sub-sections of s 29 are reproduced
below:

**29 Fresh accrual of action on acknowledgment or part payment.**

…

(5) Subject to subsection (6) below, where any right of action has accrued to
recover—

(a)any debt or other liquidated pecuniary claim; or

…

and the person liable or accountable for the claim acknowledges the claim or
makes any payment in respect of it the right shall be treated as having
accrued on and not before the date of the acknowledgment or payment.

(6) A payment of a part of the rent or interest due at any time shall not
extend the period for claiming the remainder then due, but any payment of
interest shall be treated as a payment in respect of the principal debt.

(7) Subject to subsection (6) above, a current period of limitation may be
repeatedly extended under this section by further acknowledgments or payments,
but a right of action, once barred by this Act, shall not be revived by any
subsequent acknowledgment or payment.

119 That this legislative change was actually _inconsistent_ with _then
existing_ legal principle was expressly acknowledged by the UK Law Reform
Committee in the 1977 Report (at paras 2.70 to 2.71):

2.70 In our consultative document we sought views on the desirability of
changing [the rule that an obligation could be revived by an acknowledgment
made at any time]. There was general support for the principle that, once
lapse of time had extinguished a title, no subsequent acknowledgment should be
capable of reviving it. But there was a marked difference of opinion on the
question whether a similar principle should apply to the barring of a remedy
where the right still persisted. It was argued, in favour of making the
change, that the contrary rule gives rise to much uncertainty and is also
something of a trap in that, for example, a company’s accounts required by law
to be published may have to include a balance sheet showing statute-barred
debts and these may then be revived as having been “acknowledged”, although no
such revival was intended to be the result of the publication of the accounts.

2.71 On the other hand, _we recognise that the current rule, by which legal
effect is given to an “out-of-time” acknowledgment, is logically consistent
with the principle that limitation only bars the remedy and leaves the right
unaffected._ Nevertheless, we think the rule is somewhat unreal and serves no
very useful purpose. If the debtor and creditor both wish to preserve the
former’s liability, they can do so easily in some other manner and it seems to
us better, and to make for a greater measure of certainty, that once a debt
has become statute-barred it should remain irrecoverable by action. Therefore,
although the issue is not one of prime importance, we think the law should be
changed so that no acknowledgment or part-payment made after the expiration of
the relevant limitation period should be capable of reviving a time-barred
remedy.

[emphasis added]

120 We further note that the change in the law in the UK was not without its
criticisms in the House of Lords and the House of Commons. Mr Victor Mishcon
(“Lord Mishcon”) expressed the following sentiments as the Limitation
Amendment Bill passed through the House of Lords (see _Parliamentary Debates
(Hansard) – House of Lords_ (25 June 1979) vol 400 (“ _the 25 June 1979
Parliamentary Debates_ ”) at col 1228):

If I may say so respectfully, I cannot see the logic behind that because, to
re-enunciate the principle, it is that it is not the right that goes but the
remedy, and there can surely be no hardship on a defendant where indeed an
acknowledgement of the indebtedness has been made, and a part payment has been
made. I therefore respectfully observe that I cannot see why that
recommendation has been accepted.

At a subsequent sitting of the House of Lords, Lord Mishcon elaborated upon
his views further as follows (see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) – House of
Lords_ (16 July 1979) vol 401 at cols 1158–1160):

We have the position therefore that not even the committee whose
recommendations in the main have been followed in this Bill thought this a
matter of prime importance. The Committee may therefore feel that, if they are
not dealing with a matter of prime importance, why alter the law as it stands,
if the position seems to be just and if it seems to follow the situation which
I have tried to explain to your Lordships, where no great hardship would seem
to occur to the debtor? The noble and learned Lord the Lord Chancellor was
good enough to listen to the point on Second Reading and to give what I hope
was a provisional reply. He then said that he thought the change that was
recommended in Clause 6, which would no longer give the creditor any right at
all to pursue his remedy by issuing a writ after the termination of the
limitation period, made for more certainty. I am afraid I do not follow that
because, as I explained to the Committee, if anything like this happens—the
acknowledgment in writing or the part payment—in the course of the six years,
then the whole of the period commences to run again, and once more in those
circumstances there is a period of uncertainty.

In the example given of a company's accounts, there again the question of
certainty is by no means answered if you admit that rather odd example. I
describe it as an odd example, because in fairness I must say it was a matter
dealt with in a case only a few months ago. In that case it was held, as I
understand it, that although a company has to put in its balance sheet an
account of statute-barred debts, which may be a document which in law is
directed to the creditor, the creditor has to receive it before it can be
deemed to be an acknowledgment. The Company Law Committee of the Law Society,
consisting of very experienced company practitioners in the law, have decided
that, in their view, this is unlikely to create any difficulty at all and
certainly no substantial difficulty. Indeed, your Lordships may wonder whether
it is just that a company in these circumstances should be exempted from
paying what they have freely admitted to be a statute-barred debt.

In any event, how does it help on the certainty point?—because if this is law
it would mean that a company's balance sheet issued six months before the
expiration of the period, although the creditor may not know about it, would
start the period running all over again; so, again, there is no certainty in
regard to this. I think that is all I can usefully say to the Committee in
support of a plea that the law should remain as it is.

121 Similar sentiments were also expressed by Mr Graham Page in the House of
Commons (see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) – House of Commons_ (26 October
1979) vol 972 at col 789):

… My understanding is that if a debt is acknowledged during the six-year
period of limitation, that extends the period. Yet, strangely enough, if we
accept this clause as it stands and that acknowledgment is made when the six
years have expired, it does nothing to revive the debt or to revive the right
of action. That seems illogical.

I should have thought that the present law was sensible and that the time
could run from any acknowledgment, whether that acknowledgment was during the
statutory period or afterwards. What is the difference in substance if the
debtor acknowledges? Surely the time could run from that point. I should have
liked to hear the Solicitor-General say that he intended to remove clause 6
altogether.

122 In his speech in the House of Lords, the Lord Chancellor Mr Quintin Hogg
(Lord Hailsham of St Marylebone) acknowledged that the criticisms founded on
legal principle were valid, and explained to the effect that the recommended
change was ultimately a policy decision (see the 25 June 1979 _Parliamentary
Debates_ at cols 1233–1234):

… Now a much more substantial question—and this is a matter upon which the
committee was divided—was the question of the effect of acknowledgment or
part-payment on a claim which is statute barred. Following extreme legal
accuracy and traditional legal learning, the noble Lord, Lord Mishcon, and the
Law Society represented to us that the cause of action is not destroyed by the
time bar; it is only, as it were, buried but not dead, and disinterment by
acknowledgment or part-payment will set time running again. This is of course
absolutely accurate legal learning, but I happen to take the other view, as
did a bare majority of the committee and, I believe, the previous Government.
One can be too learned about these things, but I am going to try to be a
little pedantic myself.

When the original limitation period of 1623 was introduced during the reign of
James I, of course the mischief which was then aimed at was different from the
mischief which is aimed at now, although the period happens to be the same. In
those days, after six years a wicked and cunning plaintiff would get a lot of
perjured witnesses to allege the existence of a contract or a cause of action
and put up a false case against a defendant which he could not answer, and the
reason why he could not answer it, as students of Dickens will remember, is
that until comparatively recently neither the plaintiff nor a defendant could
give evidence at all. Therefore, the mischief was that of a trumped-up, false
case. Nowadays, the mischief you are aiming at is not that but the absence of
certainty in dealing with insurance claims and in dealing with the carrying on
of business.

The view of the majority of the committee—I will not read it all, but it is
Part II, paragraphs 2.70 and 2.71, of the little blue report—was in favour of
certainty after six years. It is quite true that there is an element of
illogicality if you pursue the strict, legally accurate, view that what
happens when an action is statute barred is that the remedy is removed but not
the right. But the committee came to the conclusion that this was
basically—and I use the word without offence—gobbledygook, and that what was
wanted was certainty. On balance, I agree with this view. I quite acknowledge
that other people may differ, and the question is on which side you come down,
the majority or the minority view. I am with the majority on this occasion. We
can try it out, if we want to try it out, in Committee. I shall not take it
ill if the Committee takes an opposite view, but I shall still vote for the
position as I have argued that it should be.

123 In passing the UK Limitation Act 1980, the UK legislature ultimately took
the position that the change would promote the objective of the law of
limitation in that a defendant could now be certain that he would be free from
claims after a reasonable time. We noted that this reasoning has been observed
by Professor Andrew McGee to be “not altogether convincing” since a defendant
who wished to remain free of claim should simply refuse to acknowledge the
debt (see Andrew McGee, _Limitation Periods_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th ed, 2010)
at para 18.039).

124 In 1992, the Singapore Parliament considered the UK Limitation Act 1980
and imported provisions relating to latent damages from that Act (see the
Singapore Limitation (Amendment) Act 1992 (No 22 of 1992)). Significantly, the
Singapore Parliament did _not_ import s 29(7) of the UK Limitation Act 1980.
We therefore arrived at the conclusion that the Singapore Parliament intended
that our law on acknowledgment of debt _remain as it had always stood_
notwithstanding the departure to the contrary in the UK.

125 In conclusion, having traced and considered the historical background to s
26(2) of our Limitation Act, we saw no reason at all to differ from our
decision in _Chuan & Company_. We accordingly affirmed the legal proposition
that under s 26(2) of our Limitation Act, an acknowledgment made after the
expiry of the limitation period _can_ restart the limitation clock. In any
event, as alluded to earlier, this issue was an academic one in the light of
our finding that the time-bar defence could not apply in the first place.

Conclusion on Issue 2

126 We summarise our decision on Issue 2 as follows. OOA’s entitlement to its
fees had been novated to OOPL, thereby entitling OOPL to claim for the full
spectrum of the Later Abortive Works. These works are to be assessed on a
percentage cost basis, specifically, 4.5% of the construction costs. The claim
had not been time-barred. Accordingly, we dismissed Fairview’s appeal and
allowed OOPL’s appeal. We should point out, however, that as alluded to above
(at [58]), the Later Abortive Works should be assessed taking into account our
decision on Issue 1 and the principle that there should be no double recovery.

Conclusion

127 For the reasons set out above, we dismissed Fairview’s appeal in CA 51 and
allowed OOPL’s appeal in CA 52 with costs and the usual consequential orders.
For the avoidance of doubt, OOPL is entitled to the costs below and one set of
the costs of the appeals.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

