Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Hup Yuan Patrick _v_ The Griffin Coal Mining Co Pty Ltd
(administrators appointed) and others  
[2014] SGHC 156

Case Number| :| Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 13 of 2013, (Registrar's
Appeal No 170 of 2013), (Summons No 3041 of 2013 and No 5261 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 August 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Dominic Chan (Characterist LLC) for the plaintiff; Chan
Leng Sun, SC and Sheik Umar (Wong & Leow LLC) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Tan Hup Yuan Patrick — The Griffin Coal Mining Co Pty Ltd
(administrators appointed) and others  
  
6 August 2014|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by Patrick Tan Hup Yuan (“the Plaintiff”) against the
decision of the Assistant Registrar dismissing the Plaintiff’s application in
Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 13/2013 (“the OSB 13/2013”) for the
following orders:

(a) that the statutory demand (“the Statutory Demand”) dated 13 February 2013
issued by the defendants (“the Defendants”) against the Plaintiff demanding
payment of AUD3,037,236.88 be set aside;

(b) that the bankruptcy proceedings by the Defendants against the Plaintiff be
stayed; and

(c) that the Defendants pay the Plaintiff costs of the originating summons.

2 After hearing arguments, I dismissed the Plaintiff’s appeal. I set out my
reasons below.

The main issue

3 The main issue was whether the Plaintiff could rely on allegations of
certain facts to resist the Statutory Demand in the light of a settlement
agreement and a consent judgment which I will elaborate on below. I decided
that he could not.

The background

4 The Defendants commenced Suit No 749 of 2010 (“the Singapore Suit”) against
the Plaintiff for, _inter alia_ , an alleged breach of a deed of guarantee
dated 27 August 2010 (“the Guarantee”). The Plaintiff had guaranteed the
performance of the obligations of Montreal Capital Group Limited (“Montreal”)
under an agreement (“the Implementation Agreement”) with the Defendants to,
_inter alia_ , inject fresh capital to the first defendant in voluntary
administration.

5 The Statutory Demand which was the subject of OSB 13/2013 was issued when
the Plaintiff failed to pay the sums due under a consent judgment dated 20
November 2012 (“the Consent Judgment”) made in the Singapore Suit by Prakash
J. This Consent Judgment was made pursuant to a settlement agreement dated 19
November 2012 entered into by the parties (“the Settlement Agreement”). Clause
6 of the Settlement Agreement was an entire agreement clause which provided:

**Entire Agreement.** This Agreement contains the entire agreement and
supersedes any prior understandings, negotiations and agreements with respect
to the subject matter hereof.

The Plaintiff’s case

6 The Plaintiff made two arguments to support his application to set aside the
Statutory Demand. First, the Defendants had assigned to another party, through
a Deed of Assignment and Appointment of Attorney dated 28 February 2011 (“the
Deed of Assignment”), its interests under the Guarantee dated 27 August 2010
entered into between the Plaintiff and the Defendants. Since the Defendants’
claim in the Singapore Suit was on the basis of a breach of this guarantee
which had been assigned to another party, the Defendants were not entitled to
maintain the Singapore Suit and enter judgment against the Plaintiff. I will
refer to this argument as “the _locus standi_ argument”.

7 Secondly, the Plaintiff argued that he had a valid cross-claim against the
Defendants arising from the Defendants’ breach of an alleged agreement made at
a meeting on 27 August 2012 in Sydney which I will refer to as “the Sydney
Agreement”. I will refer to this argument as “the cross-claim argument”.

8 The thrust of the Sydney Agreement was as follows. The Plaintiff had
allegedly agreed to discount five standby letters of credit totalling AUD250m
which the Defendants were looking to discount, at between 5% to 6%. In
consideration of this, the Defendants allegedly agreed before the Settlement
Agreement dated 19 November 2012 and the Consent Judgment dated 20 November
2002 that the Singapore Suit would be considered settled. The Defendants were
to furnish information showing the primary text of the standby letters of
credit, which would allow the Plaintiff’s bank to quote the applicable rates.
AUD250m was to be held on escrow by the Plaintiff’s counsel. If the Defendants
were to receive confirmation from the Plaintiff’s bank that the bank was
prepared to discount the letters of credit, this sum would not be remitted to
the Defendants.

9 Pursuant to the Sydney Agreement, the Plaintiff contacted JP Morgan,
Singapore, and secured it as the discounting bank at a rate of 5.5%. At the
Defendants’ request, the Plaintiff and JP Morgan signed a non-disclosure
agreement before the Defendants would release the wording of the standby
letters of credit. However, the Defendants allegedly failed to provide the
Plaintiff with the wording of the standby letters of credit despite repeated
requests to do so. Accordingly, the Plaintiff claimed to have suffered loss
and damage from the Defendant’s breach of the Sydney Agreement.

The Defendants’ case

10 In respect of the _locus standi_ argument, the Defendants argued that:

(a) The Plaintiff was attempting to go behind the Consent Judgment and inquire
into the validity of the debt, and this was not permissible.

(b) The fact that the Plaintiff had not proceeded to set aside the Consent
Judgment showed that he did not believe that he had legitimate grounds to do
so.

(c) The Plaintiff’s argument was in effect, a plea that there was no cause of
action between the Defendants and the Plaintiff. This was prohibited by cause
of action estoppel by virtue of the Consent Judgment. In the alternative, the
issue was fundamental to the finding of the Plaintiff’s liability established
by the Consent Judgment. Accordingly, an issue estoppel operated to prevent
the Plaintiff from raising this argument.

11 In respect of the cross-claim argument, the gist of the Defendants’
argument was that:

(a) the Plaintiff was precluded from relying on the Sydney Agreement in view
of cl 6 of the Settlement Agreement, which was the entire agreement clause;
and

(b) the cross-claim argument was not credible.

The court’s reasons

12 As regards the _locus standi_ argument, the starting point was r 98(2) of
the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2006 Revised Edition) (“the Rules”), which
set out the grounds which a court could rely on to set aside a statutory
demand:

**98.** —(1) On the hearing of the application, the court may either summarily
determine the application or adjourn it, giving such directions as it thinks
appropriate.

(2) The court shall set aside the statutory demand if —

(a) the debtor appears to have a valid counterclaim, set-off or cross demand
which is equivalent to or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts specified in
the statutory demand;

(b) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be
substantial;

(c) it appears that the creditor holds assets of the debtor or security in
respect of the debt claimed by the demand, and either rule 94(5) has not been
complied with, or the court is satisfied that the value of the assets or
security is equivalent to or exceeds the full amount of the debt;

(d) rule 94(1) has not been complied with; or

(e) the court is satisfied, on other grounds, that the demand ought to be set
aside.

13 Rule 98(2)(e) of the Rules is to be read with para 144 of the _Supreme
Court Practice Directions_ (2013 Ed, 1 January 2013 release) (“the PD”) which
provided:

**144\. Applications to set aside statutory demands made under the Bankruptcy
Rules**

(1) Rule 97 of the Bankruptcy Rules allows debtors to apply to set aside
statutory demands within 14 days from the date of service; or, where the
demand was served outside jurisdiction, within 21 days.

(2) Without prejudice to Rule 98 of the Bankruptcy Rules, on an application to
set aside a statutory demand based on a judgment or an order, the Court will
_not go behind the judgment or order_ and _inquire into the validity of the
debt_.

(3) When the debtor:

(a) claims to have a counterclaim, set-off or cross demand (whether or not he
could have raised it in the action or proceedings in which the judgment or
order was obtained) which equals or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts
specified in the statutory demand; or

(b) disputes the debt (not being a debt subject to a judgment or order),

the Court will _normally_ set aside the statutory demand if, in its opinion,
on the evidence there is a _genuine triable issue_.

[emphasis added]

14 Where there is a genuine triable issue, the court will normally set aside
the statutory demand, but it is not obliged to do so: _Mohd Zain bin Abdullah
v Chimbusco International Petroleum (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another appeal_
[2014] 2 SLR 446 (“ _Chimbusco_ ”) at [29]. It will not suffice for a debtor
to raise spurious allegations in order to fend off bankruptcy proceedings. The
court will only set aside a statutory demand where the debtor is able to
adduce evidence on affidavit that raises a triable issue: _Chimbusco_ at [30].

15 In my view, there was no dissonance between the Rules and the PD. The
effect of para 144(2) of the PD was to supplement r 98(2)(b) because r 98(2)
is not confined to the situation where the statutory demand is based on a
judgment, _ie_ , the statutory demand may not be based on a judgment. However,
where it is based on a judgment, para 144(2) of the PD states that the court
will not inquire into the validity of the debt. In other words, any dispute on
the debt will not appear to be substantial under r 98(2)(b). While practice
directions do not have the force of law (see _BNP Paribas (formerly known as
Banque National De Paris) v Polynesia Timber Services Pte Ltd and another_
[2002] 1 SLR(R) 539 at [37]; _Odex Pte Ltd v Pacific Internet Ltd_ [2008] 3
SLR(R) 18 at [29] and [30]), they are directions from the court nonetheless
and a court will not normally depart from its directions unless there is a
good reason for doing so. Moreover, para 144(2) is consistent with what is
already the law on _res judicata_ which I will elaborate on below.

16 In the present case, the _locus standi_ argument challenged the Defendants’
entitlement to commence the Singapore Suit against the Plaintiff as the _locus
standi_ argument was that the Defendants were not the right parties to make
the original claim in the Singapore Suit. In my view, by making this argument,
the Plaintiff was asking the court to go behind the Consent Judgment and
inquire into the validity of the debt, namely, whether the debt was indeed
owed to the Defendants. The Plaintiff was not entitled to do this pursuant to
para 144(2) of the PD. By consenting to the Consent Judgment, he had accepted
that the Defendants were entitled to make the claim. The proper step for him
would have been to apply to set aside the Consent Judgment but he did not do
so.

17 Moreover, I was of the view that the Plaintiff was prevented from making
the _locus standi_ argument by a principle of _res judicata_ , namely cause of
action estoppel. Cause of action estoppel was explained by Diplock LJ (as he
then was) in _Thoday v Thoday_ [1964] 2 WLR 371 (“ _Thoday_ ”) at 384:

“[C]ause of action estoppel,” is that which prevents a party to an action from
asserting or denying, as against the other party, the existence of a
particular cause of action, the non-existence or existence of which has been
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in previous litigation between
the same parties. If the cause of action was determined to exist, i.e.,
judgment was given upon it, it is said to be merged in the judgment, … If it
was determined not to exist, the unsuccessful plaintiff can no longer assert
that it does; he is estopped _per rem judicatam_.

18 In the present case, the Consent Judgment provided that final judgment had
been entered against the Plaintiff:

**_UPON HEARING_** Counsel for the [Defendants] and the [Plaintiff], **_IT IS
ORDERED BY CONSENT_** that final judgment be entered against the [Plaintiff]
**_AND IT IS ORDERED_** that:-

(1) The [Plaintiff] pay to the [Defendants] the sum of AUD 3,000,000;

(2) Interest on the Judgment sum of AUD3,000,000 at the rate of 5.33% per
annum to be calculated from the date of the Judgment until the Judgment is
satisfied;

(3) Execution of this Judgment by the [Defendants] shall be stayed until 31
January 2013; and

(4) No order as to costs.

19 In my view, since the Consent Judgment provided that final judgment be
entered against the Plaintiff and that the Plaintiff was to pay the Defendants
the above-stated sum, the Plaintiff was to be taken to have consented to the
Defendants’ _locus standi_ to make the claim. A consent order was as
efficacious as orders pronounced after a contest in creating cause of action
estoppel: see KR Handley, _Spencer Bower and Handley: Res Judicata_
(LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2009) at para 2.16; _Poh Huat Heng Corp Pte Ltd and
others v Hafizul Islam Kofil Uddin_ [2012] 3 SLR 1003 at [18]. The Plaintiff’s
_locus standi_ argument, in essence, was that the Defendants were not entitled
to commence the Singapore Suit based on the guarantee because the rights under
the guarantee had been assigned to another party. In effect, this was a plea
that the Defendants had no cause of action against the Plaintiff and hence
contradicted the Consent Judgment which was given on the basis that the
Defendants have a cause of action against the Plaintiff. Therefore, the
Plaintiff was precluded from making the _locus standi_ argument.

20 I was also of the view that the Plaintiff was precluded by the defence of
abuse of process from raising the _locus standi_ argument. The defence of
abuse of process, although distinct, was accepted as “the extended doctrine of
_res judicata_ ” or “doctrine of _res judicata_ in the wider sense”: see _Lee
Hiok Tng (in her personal capacity) v Lee Hiok Tng and another (executors and
trustees of the estate of Lee Wee Nam, deceased) and others_ [2001] 1 SLR(R)
771 at [21]–[22]. Essentially, this defence does not permit matters to be
raised which ought to have been raised in earlier proceedings. The traditional
formulation of the defence was articulated by Wigram VC in _Henderson v
Henderson_ [1843–1860] All ER Rep 378 at 381–382. The modern restatement of
the defence is found in _Johnson v Gore Wood & Co (a Firm)_ [2002] 2 AC 1 (“
_Johnson_ ”) at 31.

But _Henderson v Henderson_ abuse of process, as now understood, although
separate and distinct from cause of action estoppel and issue estoppel, has
much in common with them. The underlying public interest is the same: that
there should be finality in litigation and that a party should not be twice
vexed in the same matter. This public interest is reinforced by the current
emphasis on efficiency and economy in the conduct of litigation, in the
interests of the parties and the public as a whole. The bringing of a claim or
the raising of a defence in later proceedings may, without more, amount to
abuse if the court is satisfied (the onus being on the party alleging abuse)
that the claim or defence should have been raised in the earlier proceedings
if it was to be raised at all. …

It is, however, wrong to hold that because a matter could have been raised in
earlier proceedings it should have been, so as to render the raising of it in
later proceedings necessarily abusive. That is to adopt too dogmatic an
approach to what should in my opinion be a broad, merits-based judgment which
takes account of the public and private interests involved and also takes
account of all the facts of the case, focusing attention on _the crucial
question whether, in all the circumstances, a party is misusing or abusing the
process of the court by seeking to raise before it the issue which could have
been raised before._ As one cannot comprehensively list all possible forms of
abuse, so one cannot formulate any hard and fast rule to determine whether, on
given facts, abuse is to be found or not.

[emphasis added]

21 The modern restatement of the defence in _Johnson_ has been followed in
_Kwa Ban Cheong v Kuah Boon Sek and others_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 644 at [25]–[26],
_Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-General_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 565 at [62], and _Goh
Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“ _Goh Nellie”_) at
[52].

22 I refer to the helpful guidance provided by _Goh Nellie_ at [53]:

… To put it shortly, a court should determine whether there is an abuse of
process by looking at all the circumstances of the case, including whether the
later proceedings in substance is nothing more than a collateral attack upon
the previous decision; whether there is fresh evidence that might warrant re-
litigation; whether there are _bona fide_ reasons why an issue that ought to
have been raised in the earlier action was not; and whether there are some
other special circumstances that might justify allowing the case to proceed.
The absence or existence of these enumerated factors (which are not intended
to be exhaustive) is not decisive. In determining whether the ambient
circumstances of the case give rise to an abuse of process, the court should
not adopt an inflexible or unyielding attitude but should remain guided by the
balance to be found in the tension between the demands of ensuring that a
litigant who has a genuine claim is allowed to press his case in court and
recognising that there is a point beyond which repeated litigation would be
unduly oppressive to the defendant. In the context of cases such as the
present, the inquiry is directed not at the theoretical possibility that the
issue raised in the later proceedings could conceivably have been taken in the
earlier but rather at whether, having regard to the substance and reality of
the earlier action, it reasonably ought to have been.

23 In the present case, the Plaintiff failed to raise the _locus standi_
argument in the Singapore Suit, but instead agreed to the Consent Judgment to
be entered. In reaching the conclusion that the Plaintiff’s raising of the
_locus standi_ argument warranted the operation of the defence of abuse of
process, I was guided by the need to consider the balance between the demands
of ensuring that a litigant who has a genuine claim is allowed to press his
case in court, and the recognition that there would come a point beyond which
repeated litigation would be unduly oppressive to a defendant. In my view, the
Plaintiff should not have agreed to the Consent Judgment if he did not accept
that the Defendants were the correct claimants. No reason was given as to why
he raised the _locus standi_ argument so late. In the circumstances, the
Plaintiff’s attempt to set aside the Statutory Demand in the present case had
become unduly oppressive to the Defendants and was nothing more than a
collateral attack on the Consent Judgment. I found that the _locus standi_
argument was, in substance, an attempt by the Plaintiff to deny the
Defendants, through the back door, their fruits of the Consent Judgment.
Therefore, the defence of abuse of process operated against the Plaintiff.

24 In the circumstances, it is unnecessary for me to elaborate on issue
estoppel.

25 I now come to the cross-claim argument.

26 As stated above at [7]–[8], the Plaintiff argued that he had a valid cross-
claim against the Defendants arising from the Defendants’ alleged breach of
the Sydney Agreement, which in turn provided that in consideration of the
Plaintiff agreeing to discount the Defendants’ standby letters of credit, the
Singapore Suit would be considered settled. In my view, the Plaintiff’s cross-
claim argument was not correctly characterised as a cross-claim or
counterclaim. Instead, the Plaintiff’s cross-claim argument would in substance
be a defence to the Defendants’ claim in the Singapore Suit because the
Plaintiff appeared to be alleging that the Plaintiff’s benefit from the
alleged Sydney Agreement was that the Singapore Suit would be considered
settled. Accordingly, the same objections against the Plaintiff raising the
_locus standi_ argument apply to the Plaintiff’s cross-claim argument, namely,
the Plaintiff was precluded from raising the cross-claim argument pursuant to
para 144(2) of the PD. Also, the defence of abuse of process applied (see
above [16] and [23]). Therefore, I did not find that the debt was disputed on
grounds which appeared to be substantial or that there were any genuine
triable issues.

27 In any event, any alleged Sydney Agreement was clearly and expressly
superseded by cl 6 of the Settlement Agreement, which provided that the
Settlement Agreement superseded any prior understandings, negotiations and
agreements with respect to the Singapore Suit (see above at [5]).

Conclusion

28 For the reasons set out, I dismissed the appeal with costs fixed at $8,000
to the Defendants inclusive of disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Aug 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

