Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Khor Liang Ing Grace (executor of the estate of Tan See Wee, deceased) _v_
Nie Jianmin  
[2014] SGHC 202

Case Number| :| Case No P179 of 2014 (Summons No 2787 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 October 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Siong Thye J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ling Tien Wah (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff;
Goh Siong Pheck Francis and Chong Yimei (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Khor Liang Ing Grace (executor of the estate of Tan See Wee,
deceased) — Nie Jianmin  
  
13 October 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 This is an application by Khor Liang Ing Grace (“Ms Khor”), the executor of
the estate of Tan See Wee, her deceased husband (“the deceased”). She seeks to
remove a caveat filed by Nie Jianmin (“Ms Nie”) against a grant of probate for
the purposes of executing the deceased’s will.

2 Ms Nie’s caveat was lodged on the basis of an alleged $762,000 loan she had
made to the deceased not long before his demise. She is claiming this sum from
the deceased’s estate. I have to decide whether there was such a loan and also
whether the caveat should be removed.

The facts

3 The deceased was a banker and fund manager working first as an investment
manager with the Development Bank of Singapore. Later, he worked as a fund
manager with Merrill Lynch Asset Managers.[note: 1] He died on 18 March
2014,[note: 2] leaving behind his will which named Ms Khor as the sole
executor and trustee of his estate.[note: 3] There is no dispute about this.

The dispute

4 Soon after the deceased’s death, Ms Nie lodged a caveat against the grant of
probate in respect of the deceased’s estate. This was filed on 26 March
2014.[note: 4] Ms Nie claims that she has an interest in the deceased’s estate
as the deceased owed her $762,000.[note: 5] Her version of the story is that
she had lent money to the deceased, whom her husband, Tan Chau Chuang (“Mr
Tan”), had described as a “reliable long term friend”.[note: 6] She claims
that she had only lent the money on her husband’s assurance that the deceased
was financially sound and would repay the money. Pursuant to this, she handed
the deceased a cashier’s order for $762,000 in the deceased’s name on 30
December 2013.[note: 7] Ms Nie thus claims that she lodged the caveat to
protect her interest as a creditor.[note: 8]

5 Ms Khor’s story is different. The sum was not a loan but rather an
investment in the deceased’s new project in Vietnam. The deceased told her
that he had entered into an investment. She then found out that Mr Tan had
invested his money into the deceased’s new project as well.[note: 9] Her
position therefore is that the $762,000 was not a loan given to the deceased
but an investment made by Mr Tan in a business venture with the deceased.

The present proceedings

6 Subsequently, Ms Khor made an application on 24 April 2014 in her capacity
as the executor of the deceased’s estate. She sought for probate to be granted
to her.[note: 10] The next day, she filed her supporting affidavit pursuant to
O 71 r 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”). The
supporting affidavit was filed together with an extract from the Register of
Deaths (stating the cause of the deceased’s death) and his last will.[note:
11] It was then that her lawyers informed her that a caveat had been lodged by
Ms Nie against the grant of probate. As Ms Khor had always known Ms Nie as
“Jessie”, she did not know that they were the same person until later. It was
only after speaking with Mr Tan and a friend, Teoh Teik Kee (“Mr Teoh”), that
she drew the connection between the caveat that was filed by Ms Nie and the
$762,000 investment purportedly made by Mr Tan.[note: 12]

The meeting between Ms Khor and Mr Tan in the presence of Samuel Koh

7 In order to understand the circumstances surrounding the alleged debt of
$762,000, Ms Khor met Mr Tan on 23 May 2014 with a friend, Samuel Koh (“Mr
Koh”). At the meeting, Mr Tan stated that the deceased had owed him
US$500,000. This sum was Mr Tan’s investment in the deceased’s Vietnam
project. This was an investment in Tri Viet Media Corp (“TVM”), a Vietnamese
media company.[note: 13]

8 As proof of Mr Tan’s investment, Ms Khor was shown copies of the remittance
advice to the deceased. She was also shown text messages sent through WhatsApp
Messenger between Mr Tan and the deceased, indicating that the deceased had
asked Mr Tan to prepare a _curriculum vitae_ to be presented to a Vietnamese
company with him as a potential investor.[note: 14]

9 Ms Khor later understood from the meeting that Mr Tan had subsequently
borrowed money from Ms Nie to invest in TVM – he did not have the money to
invest in the project then. As the deceased had passed away, Mr Tan sought a
return of his investment and the caveat was filed to protect his investment
interest.[note: 15]

The show cause action

10 On 26 May 2014, a notice was served on Ms Nie’s solicitors. It warned her
to appear within eight days of service to file a notice of appearance stating
her interest in the estate of the deceased. If she had no contrary interest,
then she had to show cause against the grant of probate to Ms Khor. The court
would proceed to issue a grant of probate to the executor if she
defaulted.[note: 16]

11 Ms Nie thus entered her appearance on 3 June 2014 showing cause against the
grant of probate to Ms Khor. She alleged that she was a creditor of the
deceased’s estate. Therefore, the grant of probate should not be made unless
her interests could be assured. On the other hand, Ms Khor requested that Ms
Nie’s caveat be expunged.[note: 17]

12 In addition to her objections against the grant of probate to Ms Khor, Ms
Nie also requested that her claim be recognised and that the court make an
order for Ms Khor to repay the debt to her.[note: 18]

The issues

13 On the above facts, the following issues are:

(a) whether this court has the power under s 33 of the Probate and
Administration Act (Cap 251, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PBA”) to hear or grant Ms Nie’s
application for her debt claim to be recognised or to order that the debt be
repaid to her; and

(b) whether Ms Nie has a caveatable interest against the deceased’s estate.

Does this court have the power under s 33 of the PBA to hear Ms Nie’s debt
claim or grant Ms Nie’s application for her debt claim to be recognised or to
order that the debt be repaid to her?

14 Section 33 of the PBA reads as follows:

**Caveat**

**33**. Any person having or claiming to have interest may, at any time after
the death of a deceased person and before probate or letters of administration
have been granted to his estate, enter a general caveat, so that no probate or
letters of administration shall be granted without notice to the caveator, and
after entry of any such caveat no such grant shall be made until the caveator
has been given opportunity to contest the right of any petitioner to a grant.

15 Ms Khor submits that this court does not have the power under s 33 to hear
or grant Ms Nie’s application. This is because, in her view, the court neither
has the power to recognise Ms Nie’s debt claim of $762,000, nor the power to
order the executor to pay the alleged debt owed to Ms Nie when probate has yet
to be granted.[note: 19] She also submits that this power is absent under O 71
r 37 of the ROC.[note: 20] Does this court have the power under s 33 of the
PBA or O 71 r 37 of the ROC to adjudicate on Ms Nie’s debt claim before the
grant of probate? In order to determine this question, regard must be had to
the purpose of s 33 of the PBA.

16 Section 33 allows one to lodge a caveat against the grant of probate. The
person seeking the grant of probate will then be notified before the grant of
probate is issued: _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 15 (LexisNexis, 2013
Reissue) (“ _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ”) at para 190.015. The following
passage from Jonathan Winegarten, Roland D’ Costa & Terry Synak, _Tristram and
Coote’s Probate Practice_ (LexisNexis, 30th Ed, 2013) at para 23.04 is
instructive (see also G Raman, _Probate and Administration in Singapore and
Malaysia_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2012) (“ _Probate and Administration in
Singapore and Malaysia_ ”) at p 134):

The following are some of the purposes for which a caveat may be entered:

(a)to give time to the caveator to make enquiries and to obtain such
information as may enable him to determine whether or not there are grounds
for his opposing the grant;

(b)to give any person interested in the estate an opportunity of bringing any
question arising in respect of the grant before the court on summons; and

(c)as a step preliminary to a probate claim, or to the issuing of a citation …

Once the caveat has been filed, the caveator has to show cause why the grant
of probate should not be given. Typically, the show cause action would take
place when the caveator wants some form of assurance that the deceased’s
estate would be administered in the interests of all the beneficiaries:
_Probate and Administration in Singapore and Malaysia_ at p 135.

17 Accordingly, I am of the view that this court does not have the power under
s 33 of the PBA or O 71 r 37 of the ROC to decide on the merits of Ms Nie’s
debt claim. The power under s 33 of the PBA or O 71 r 37 of the ROC should
_only_ be invoked insofar as Ms Nie seeks to establish a contrary interest in
the estate, which arises if she is claiming an interest either as an executor
or beneficiary of the will: Ng Peng Hong, George Tan Keok Heng and Ho Hock
Lai, _Atkin’s Court Forms Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2007) at para 1004. The
rights of a creditor should not be adjudicated at this stage. As Sir William
Wynne in _Elme v Da Costa_ (1791) 1 Phill Ecc 174 at 177 held:

The right of a creditor is only this; _he cannot be paid his debt till a
representation to the deceased is made_ ; he can then call on all who have a
right to administer; before an administration is granted if a will be
produced, the creditor has no right to contradict or deny it; for if there is
a will, or a next of kin claims the administration, then a person offers to
make himself a representative, and the creditor gets all that he has a right
to. [emphasis added]

18 It is clear that the caveat lodged by Ms Nie cannot circumvent the usual
probate procedure. If she is alleging that she is a creditor of the deceased,
she should wait for the executor to obtain the grant of probate before
submitting her claim to the estate via the executor or administrator:
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at para 190.095. It is not for this court to
adjudicate on her claim at this stage and find that she was owed a loan or
make an order for its return.

19 Moreover, Ms Nie’s position is that she does not object to Ms Khor
administering the estate. She is only interested in recovering what she claims
is owed to her. The filing of the caveat in this case is therefore
misconceived, as there is no basis to withhold the grant of probate to Ms
Khor. I agree with Ms Khor’s submission that the court does not have the power
to hear or grant Ms Nie’s debt claim of $762,000 under s 33 of the PBA or O 71
r 37 of the ROC. I shall now examine whether Ms Nie has a caveatable interest
against the deceased’s estate.

Does Ms Nie have a caveatable interest against the deceased’s estate?

20 The parties’ dispute is with respect to the nature of the sum and whether
it constitutes a caveatable interest. Ms Nie submits that the $762,000 is a
loan which is due to her from the deceased. Ms Khor, on the other hand,
submits that it is an investment, the sum being given pursuant an investment
made by Mr Tan in TVM. A third view appears tenable as well from the evidence
of Mr Tan. He is of the view that the sum had been lent to him by Ms Nie for
his investment in TVM. While he has provided a third possible view, it is
important to note that he is not party to the proceedings.

21 Which of the three versions is correct is, in my view, immaterial. I hold
that none of them amounts to a caveatable interest in this case. In _Re Devoy;
Fitzgerald v Fitzgerald_ (1943) QSR 137 (“ _Re Devoy_ ”) at 144, it was held
that:

… It is conceded that a person who merely had an interest or pretended
interest in the estate could not, merely upon showing such an interest or
pretended interest, oppose a will: he must have been able to show that the
grant of probate would affect some interest of his. It is also conceded that
the law provided that no person could intervene in a probate action merely
because he was interested in the estate: he must have shown that he was
interested in the cause. …

A person’s interest arising under a loan or an investment is not such an
interest.

Is a loan a caveatable interest?

22 Loans do not give rise to caveatable interests under s 33 of the PBA. This
has been the position in the United Kingdom (_Burroughs v Griffiths and Hall_
(1754) 1 Lee 544 (“ _Burroughs_ ”)), Hong Kong (_Re John Tung Chi Ying_ [1987]
HKCFI 57 (“ _Re John Tung Chi Ying_ ”)) and Australia (_Re Donald Keith Owen_
, 21 August 1992 (unreported)). In fact, creditors who have lodged caveats
have been criticised as abusing the caveat process. I agree.

23 I find the facts of _Re John Tung Chi Ying_ germane to this case. In that
case, John Tung passed away and left behind a will. His grandnephew asserted
that he had loaned John Tung US$11m which had remained unpaid. On that basis,
the grandnephew lodged a caveat and subsequently, the executor of the will
sought to expunge the caveat. The application to expunge the caveat was
allowed. It was held that the grandnephew’s actions were “inexplicable and
unjustified”. His interests were better protected and preserved after the
grant of probate.

24 Parallels can be drawn between _Re John Tung Chi Ying_ and the present
case. Here, Ms Nie’s caveat is premised on her assertion that the $762,000 was
a loan to the deceased. Her interest is for the return of the $762,000 to her.
This was apparent when she stated in the affidavit that she had lodged the
caveat only to protect her own interests. She was willing to withdraw the
caveat provided Ms Khor gave her some assurances with respect to the debt. I
find no reason to maintain the caveat on the basis of a loan and hold that the
caveat must be expunged from the register.

Is an investment a caveatable interest?

25 I also do not find that an interest pursuant to an investment can give rise
to a caveatable interest under s 33 of the PBA. In _Re Devoy_ at 145, it was
held that:

… [A] person “interested” or “interested in the estate” cannot enforce the
bringing of an action in which he can dispute the validity of the will, unless
he can show an interest sufficient to entitle him to object to the grant
applied for.

How is the sufficiency of that interest to be determined? I know of no other
way than by reference to the general body of probate law; _and according to
that law an interest sufficient to entitled a person to object to a grant must
be some right of that person which will be affected by the grant_.

[emphasis added]

In my view, if the $762,000 were an investment instead of a loan as Ms Khor
contends, it is still not a caveatable interest as it is not a probate issue.

26 Here, the preliminary question would be whether Ms Nie even has any
standing to bring an action against Ms Khor as the executor, since the
investment was made by Mr Tan. She merely lent money to her husband; she would
have no standing to make this application against Ms Khor. Second, if the
$762,000 was an investment, Mr Tan’s investment could be held by the deceased
on trust for Mr Tan’s benefit or could even be held legally by Mr Tan. If the
former, Ms Nie’s interest would be best taken care of if the grant of probate
is given to Ms Khor. Mr Tan can then work with Ms Khor as the executor to
realise his beneficial interest under the $762,000. If the latter, Ms Nie’s
interest would be best taken care of between herself and Mr Tan. Ms Khor will
not be involved. Therefore no caveatable interest can arise from an investment
interest.

Is Ms Nie’s claim on moneys had and received sustainable?

27 Finally, I wish to comment on Ms Nie’s claim on the grounds of unjust
enrichment. Ms Nie submits that her claim is one for monies had and received.
She relies on _Tjong Very Sumito and others v Chan Sing En and others_ [2012]
3 SLR 953 at [81] for the elements of unjust enrichment. She submits that it
is _unjust_ for the deceased’s estate to retain the sum claimed for.

28 In _Alwie_ _Handoyo_ _v Tjong Very Sumito and another and another appeal_
[2013] 4 SLR 308 at [125], the Court of Appeal held that:

… **Plaintiffs should be precise in elucidating the basis for their
restitutionary claims**. Identifying the precise underlying cause of action
for a restitutionary claim has practical consequences in terms of affecting
what the plaintiff needs to show in order to establish the claim. We agree
with the comment by the editors of  _Goff & Jones (8th Ed)_ ([101]  _supra_)
at para 1.29 that “[t]he old language of ‘money had and received’ … conceals
as much as it reveals about the nature of a claim”. In our view, the
underlying basis for the action for money had and received is now embraced
under the rubric of _unjust enrichment_ : see  _Westdeutsche_ _Landesbank_
_Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council_ [1996] AC 669 at 710.

[original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold]

29 Ms Nie’s bare assertion of an enrichment being unjust is insufficient if
she seeks to establish her claim based on money had and received. The same
point was noted by Judith Prakash J in _Lo Man Heng and another v UBS AG (Yap
Loo Mien, third party)_ [2014] SGHC 134 at [82]: that an unjust enrichment
claim must be premised on an “unjust factor”. Since Ms Nie has not shown that
any such unjust factor exists, I hold that her claim based on moneys had and
received can neither succeed nor form a basis for a caveatable interest.

30 There are material differences in the facts of _Tan Beng Tian v Teoh Hock
Kooi_ [2012] SGDC 268 which Ms Nie relied on to show that the court had
ordered a refund of an investment sum. In that case, the defendant, who was
the recipient of the money in question, had induced the plaintiff by stating
that if the plaintiff remained unconvinced about the investment potential of a
potential investment, the defendant would return the investment sum to the
plaintiff. There was no evidence of such facts before me.

Is the sum claimed for an investment or loan?

31 The purpose of the $762,000 is a hotly contested issue between the parties.
It is not necessary for me to dwell on this issue as I have explained above
that I have no power under s 33 of the PBA to recognise Ms Nie’s claim or to
make an order for the debt to be repaid to her. Neither does Ms Nie have a
caveatable interest against the deceased’s estate. Since the purpose of
$762,000 is central to this application, I shall therefore give my views on
whether the $762,000 is more likely to be a loan or an investment. However, I
stress that my findings are only on the evidence before me. They are without
prejudice to Ms Nie’s right to subsequently bring a claim for the $762,000 on
the basis that it is a loan if it is necessary for her to do so later.

The case for the $762,000 being an investment

32 Ms Khor’s position is that the $762,000 was a sum of money which Ms Nie
lent to Mr Tan for the purpose of investing with the deceased in TVM. Ms Nie
and Mr Tan were aware that the deceased had an investment in TVM. According to
Mr Tan’s affidavit, it is undisputed that in December 2013, the deceased was
keenly interested in TVM. At that time, the deceased required US$2m for the
first tranche of the investment.

33 The crucial issue is whether the deceased borrowed $762,000 from Ms Nie for
this investment or whether Mr Tan used this sum to invest together with the
deceased. Mr Teoh, who knew the deceased, Ms Khor and Mr Tan, stated in his
affidavit that the deceased had told him that Mr Tan and the deceased had
invested in TVM through the deceased’s investment vehicle ADAD Investments Pte
Ltd.[note: 21] Mr Tan denied this. Mr Teoh also said that he was surprised to
learn that Ms Nie extended a loan of $762,000 to the deceased in December
2013.[note: 22]

34 Furthermore, Ms Khor said that when she met Mr Tan on 23 May 2013 together
with Mr Koh, Mr Tan stated that the deceased owed him US$500,000. This sum was
Mr Tan’s investment in TVM. This investment proposition is corroborated by a
series of text messages sent through WhatsApp Messenger from Mr Tan to the
deceased in January 2014. The messages are as follows:[note: 23]

Deceased: |  Also, next step, pls prepare ur CV (as Investor - why they want u!), let me hv a look to provide feedback. Best sw.  
---|---  
Mr Tan: |  Noted…. will do  
Deceased: |  Also, wld appreciate ur intro to the potential investor + provide me with the contact details to follow up..  
  
  

Mr Tan also admitted that he had attended the annual dinner of TVM in Vietnam
with the deceased and Mr Teoh on 24 Jaunary 2014. However, he alleged that his
attendance was not in his capacity as an investor.

The case for the $762,000 being a loan

35 Ms Nie’s story was that the sum was a loan due to her from the deceased.
However, there was no documentary evidence in either hardcopy or electronic
form to indicate that it was a loan. As Ms Khor pointed out, all that Ms Nie
had tendered in support of her claim was a remittance advice from her in
favour of the deceased.[note: 24] The only other piece of evidence was the
affidavit of Ms Nie’s husband, Mr Tan, who echoed her assertion that the
$762,000 was a loan. If it were a loan, it lacked the essential
characteristics of one. Was it a demand or term loan? If it was a term loan,
what was the duration of that loan? Was it an interest free or interest
chargeable loan? Those questions were left unanswered by the evidence before
me.

36 It appears from Mr Tan’s affidavit that “[b]ased on my understanding, [the
deceased] had been prepared to pay interest of at least 4% per annum on the
loan amount”.[note: 25] The 4% is merely what Mr Tan thought should be the
interest rate. There was no discussion or agreement between the deceased and
Ms Nie or Mr Tan as to the interest rate and hence no indication whether the
deceased agreed to the 4% per annum. I find it unusual for the lack of
evidence as the sum loaned is not a small figure. Even among the best of
friends, at the very least, one would expect some evidence with respect to the
interest rate for a loan figure of $762,000.

37 Ms Nie’s explanation is that the absence of any interest rate was due to
the fact that the loan was taken out on an urgent basis. However I find that
the evidence indicated otherwise. The purported loan was given on 30 December
2013 and the demise of the deceased was on 18 March 2014. For ten weeks, there
had been no documentary or electronic correspondence on this loan. I find it
incredible that parties as sophisticated as the deceased and Mr Tan, would
have made the loan in this manner, even taking into account their friendship
ties. Therefore, in my view, Ms Nie’s contention that the sum was a loan is
less convincing.

The case for the $762,000 as an investment is stronger

38 The circumstances above thus seem to point towards the fact that the
deceased and Mr Tan were investing in TVM. Ms Khor’s version of the events was
also corroborated by Mr Teoh’s account. While Mr Tan filed an affidavit in
support of Ms Nie’s version of the events, it appears that Ms Khor’s version
is more likely having regard to the above facts. Ms Nie’s evidence is mostly
premised on bare assertions, with the only person corroborating her story
being her husband, Mr Tan. I thus find that on the evidence before me it is
more likely that the $762,000 is an investment rather than a loan.

Conclusion

39 In my view the proceedings would have been expedited and Ms Nie would have
been able to recover the $762,000 sooner (if it was really a loan) had she not
lodged the caveat and refused to take it off the register. The views of Sir
George Lee in _Burroughs_ at 551 are apposite:

… [A] creditor had only a right to have a constat of the deceased’s estate, to
see whether there were assets sufficient to pay the debts, but could not
controvert the validity of a will, for it was indifferent whether he should
receive his debt from an executor or an administrator, and if a creditor was
admitted to dispute the validity of a will, it would create infinite trouble,
expense and delay to executors …

40 It is also pertinent to note that Ms Nie does not oppose the grant of
probate to Ms Khor. Thus there is no issue with respect to the grant of
probate. I therefore allow the application made by Ms Khor, the executor, and
order that the caveat be struck off the register and the grant of probate to
be issued. I also dismiss Ms Nie’s application for the $762,000 to be returned
to her and will hear the parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Caveator’s bundle of documents (“CBOD”) Tab 8, at para 5.

[note: 2]CBOD Tab 8, at para 4.

[note: 3]CBOD Tab 3, at p 8.

[note: 4]CBOD Tab 1.

[note: 5]CBOD Tab 1.

[note: 6]CBOD Tab 7, at para 7.

[note: 7]CBOD Tab 7, at para 6.

[note: 8]CBOD Tab 7, at para 9.

[note: 9]CBOD Tab 8, at para 18.

[note: 10]CBOD Tab 2.

[note: 11]CBOD Tab 3.

[note: 12]CBOD Tab 8, at paras 20– 21.

[note: 13]CBOD Tab 8, at para 22; CBOD Tab 9, at para 5.

[note: 14]CBOD Tab 8, at para 22.

[note: 15]CBOD Tab 8, at para 24.

[note: 16]CBOD Tab 4.

[note: 17]CBOD Tab 8, at para 7.

[note: 18]CBOD Tab 7, at para 19.

[note: 19]Applicant’s skeletal submissions (“AS”), at para 14.

[note: 20]AS, at para 15.

[note: 21]CBOD Tab 9, at p 3 para 9.

[note: 22]CBOD Tab 9, at p 3 para 10.

[note: 23]CBOD Tab 8, at p 11.

[note: 24]CBOD Tab 7, at p 7.

[note: 25]CBOD Tab 11, at p 5 para 7(f).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Oct 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

