Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Nordic International Ltd _v_ Morten Innhaug  
[2014] SGHCR 20

Case Number| :| Suit No 875 of 2010 Summons No 3227 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 October 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Teck Ping Karen AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Anthony Soh (One Legal LLC) with Instructed Counsel,
Ms June Lim (Eden Law Corporation) for the plaintiff and non-party; Mr Joseph
Tan and Ms Joanna Poh (Legal Solutions LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Nordic International Ltd — Morten Innhaug  
  
13 October 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Teck Ping Karen AR:

Introduction

1 This is the Defendant’s application for security for costs of the action
from the Plaintiff and/or Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd (“Sinwa HK”), a non-party. The
application for security for costs is based on two grounds, first, on the
basis that Sinwa HK is a non-party under Order 23 rule 1(3)(b); and second, on
the basis that the Plaintiff is a nominal Plaintiff under Order 23 rule
1(1)(b).

2 The Plaintiff is a company whose shares are equally owned by the Defendant
and Sinwa HK. The Defendant is also a director of the Plaintiff.

3 Prior to the commencement of this action, Sinwa HK obtained leave from the
Court of Appeal to bring an action in the name and on behalf of the Plaintiff
against the Defendant for alleged breaches of directors’ duties arising from a
time-charterparty of a vessel owned by the Plaintiff. Pursuant to the leave
granted by the Court of Appeal, Sinwa HK commenced this current suit as a
derivative action in the name of the Plaintiff against the Defendant.

Security for Costs against a Non-party

4 The Defendant’s application for security for costs against Sinwa HK, a non-
party, is based on Order 23 rule 1(3)(b), which states:

(3) Where, on the application of a defendant to an action or other proceeding
in the Court, it appears to the Court –

(a) …

(b) that the non-party has contributed or agreed to contribute to the
plaintiff’s costs in return for a share of any money or property which the
plaintiff may recover in the action or proceeding,

and the non-party is a person against whom a costs order may be made, then, if
having regard to all the circumstances of the case, the Court thinks it just
to do so, it may order the non-party to give such security for the defendant’s
costs of the action or other proceeding as the Court thinks just.

5 A two-stage test is to be applied to determine whether a non-party should be
ordered to provide security for the defendant’s costs. At the first stage, the
defendant has to establish that the non-party contributed or agreed to
contribute towards the plaintiff’s legal costs in return for a share of the
money or property which the plaintiff may recover in the action or
proceedings. If the first stage is satisfied, then the issue at the second
stage would be whether the non-party is a person against whom a costs order
may be made and whether it would be just to order the non-party to provide
security for costs.

Stage One – Litigation Funder?

6 For the first stage, it was not disputed that Sinwa HK had made payment of
the costs owed by the Plaintiff to the Defendant. The issue before me was
whether this payment of costs was **_in return_** for a share of any money or
property which the Plaintiff may recover in the action or proceedings. On the
facts before me, there was no agreement between Sinwa HK and the Plaintiff
that Sinwa HK will received any direct benefit or share in the damages
received if the Plaintiff is successful. Rather, the Defendant counsel argued
that a wide interpretation should be applied and an indirect benefit of the
fruits of the litigation would be sufficient to satisfy this limb. It was
pointed out that Sinwa HK had admitted on affidavit that its shares in the
Plaintiff will increase in value if the Plaintiff is successful.This is the
indirect benefit which Sinwa HK would receive in return for its contribution
to the Plaintiff’s costs. The Defendant counsel submitted that if the
Plaintiff was successful and assuming it recovers USD10 million from the
Defendant, the value of Sinwa HK’s shares in the Plaintiff would increase by
USD5 million as Sinwa HK owns 50% of the issued share capital of the
Plaintiff. This would amount to Sinwa HK paying for the Plaintiff’s costs of
litigation in return for a share of money that the Plaintiff may potentially
recover from the Defendant.

7 Sinwa HK’s counsel argued that this rule covers litigation funders, who fund
litigation in exchange for a direct share of the benefits of the litigation.
It was submitted that this does not apply to a derivative action where Sinwa
HK’s contribution towards the Plaintiff’s costs is not in exchange for a share
of the proceeds of the action, but to pursue the Plaintiff’s rights. The fact
that Sinwa HK, a shareholder, will receive some indirect benefit due to an
increase in the share value does not satisfy the requirements of this rule.

8 An understanding of the purpose behind this rule would assist in the
interpretation to be applied. In the commentary on Order 23 Rule 1(3) in the
_Singapore Court Practice 2014_ (LexisNexis, 2014) at page 1021, Professor
Jeffrey Pinsler noted that the scope of the security for costs provisions were
extended to non-parties as the _“limitation of O_ _23 to the power to award
security for costs against a nominal plaintiff (and the absence of such a
power against the_ _non-party plaintiff) was a weakness because the nominal
plaintiff might have been uninterested and impecunious while the non-party,
who was_** _funding the litigation_** _, was beyond the reach of the court.”_
(emphasis added) Therefore, it appears that the securities for costs
provisions were extended to cover litigation funders.

9 The rationale for extending the security for costs provisions to cover
litigation funders may be seen from the observations of Hodgson JA sitting in
the New South Wales Court of Appeal in _Green (as liquidator of Arimco Mining
Pty Ltd) v CGU Insurance Ltd_ [2008] NSWCA 148 at [51]:

…a court should be readier to order security for costs where the non-party who
stands to benefit from the proceedings is not a person interested in having
rights vindicated, as would be a shareholder or creditor of a plaintiff
corporation, but rather is a person whose interest is solely to make a
commercial profit from funding the litigation. Although litigation funding is
not against public policy (_Campbells Cash and Carry Pty Limited v Fostif Pty
Limited_ [2006] HCA 41; 229 CLR 386 at [87]-[95]), the court system is
primarily there to enable rights to be vindicated rather than commercial
profits to be made; and in my opinion, courts should be particularly concerned
that persons whose involvement in litigation is purely for commercial profit
should not avoid responsibility for costs if the litigation fails.

10 It seems to me that the Defendant counsel’s interpretation of Order 23 rule
1(3)(b) is not in line with the purpose behind this rule. The words of Order
23 rule 1(3)(b) support the interpretation that it is aimed at non-parties
whose only interest in the proceedings is to make a commercial profit i.e.
litigation funders. Sinwa HK is a shareholder who had obtained leave of the
Court of Appeal to commence this derivative action. Sinwa HK clearly has an
interest in the proceedings and is not a litigation funder. Therefore, Stage
One is not satisfied.

Stage Two – Whether it would be just to order security

11 Even if I were to accept that a wide interpretation should be given to
Order 23 rule 1(3)(b), which I do not, I am of the view that the second stage
is not satisfied as it would not be just to order Sinwa HK to provide security
for the Defendant’s costs.

12 The principles governing the court’s exercise of discretion in respect of
costs to be paid by a non-party were summarised by the Privy Council in
_Dymocks Franchise Systems (NSW) Pty Ltd v Todd_ [2004] 1 WLR 2807 (“
_Dymocks”_). These were adopted with approval by the Singapore Court of Appeal
in _DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Ltd v Consult Asia Pte Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 542 (“
_DB Trustees_ ”) at [36]:

…The core consideration in relation to the court’s exercise of discretion in
ordering costs against a non-party is that it must be _just_ , in all the
circumstances of the case, to do so. …Ordinarily, considerable weight would be
placed on the presence of two factors, _viz, a close connection between the
non-party and the proceedings and a causal link between the non-party and the
incurring of costs._ [emphasis added]

13 The principles governing the court’s discretion in respect of costs to be
paid by a non-party would similarly apply to the court’s discretion in respect
of the provision of security of costs by a non-party.

14 First, while there is a close connection between Sinwa HK and the current
proceedings, this factor by itself would not be sufficient to justify ordering
Sinwa HK to provide security for the Defendant’s costs.

15 While Sinwa HK is one of the two shareholders of the Plaintiff and would,
therefore, be one of beneficiaries of a successful outcome of the current
proceedings, that is merely one factor to be taken into consideration. Chan
Seng Onn J in _Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and others (Tung
Yu-Lien Margaret and others, third parties)_ [2011] 1 SLR 582 (“ _Raffles Town
Club”_) was of the view (at [26]) that the fact that the non-parties were the
only shareholders of the company should not be the “overriding factor in
consideration”. Otherwise, this would “drive a coach and horses through the
doctrine of the separate liability of the company”. It was further held at
[26]:

…Fiduciary duties are owed by directors to the company, not to the
shareholders directly, and it is the _company_ which has to enforce those
duties against the directors even though it may well be the present
shareholders and directors who are controlling the litigation. Thus, if the
company has not succeeded in establishing its claim of breach of fiduciary
duties against the directors who are not or no longer shareholders of the
company, _it is the company which has to pay the legal costs of the directors
who have successfully resisted its claims, not the shareholders of the
company. Such are the consequences of the doctrine of separate legal
personality_. In _DB Trustee_ , it was Ms Koh’s lack of cooperation with the
receivers, denying them access to documents pertaining to the affairs and
property of Consult Asia that precipitated the litigation instituted by DB
Trustees. [emphasis added]

16 Similarly in _Nanyang Law LLC v Alphomega Research Group_ Ltd [2012] 4 SLR
1153 (“ _Nanyang Law_ ”), the doctrine of separate legal personality of a
company was the basis on which Choo Han Teck J declined to order the non-party
to bear the costs of the proceedings. Choo Han Teck J held at [5]:

…that by ordering costs against a non-party who is a shareholder and director
of an impecunious litigant company, the court pierces the corporate veil…
[this] is not an order the court would be quick to make. …being the managing
director alone, and thus, having a substantial connection to the case is only
one of the many factors the court would take into account. It is also not a
principle of law that where a litigant company is unable to pay costs the
successful party can look to the person with a close connection to it and the
litigation for costs. Much of the law that permits the corporate veil to be
lifted concerns fraud or highly unconscionable conduct. …

17 Second, the causal link. A non-party would generally not be made liable for
costs if those costs would have been incurred in any event even without the
non-party’s involvement in the proceedings. On the present facts, this is a
derivative action which was commenced in the name of the Plaintiff by Sinwa
HK. While on the surface, it appears that the casual link is satisfied, it has
to be borne in mind that Sinwa HK did not act unreasonable in commencing this
derivative action as it had obtain and commenced this action with the leave
from the Court of Appeal.

18 Before I move on to the third factor, I wish to deal with the Defendant’s
argument that since Sinwa HK is the shareholder directing this common law
derivative action on behalf of the company, it would normally be expected to
pay for the costs of the action, though the fruits of the victory go to the
company. Reliance is placed on _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell
Asia, 2005) 3rd ed at [9.65] for this argument. I believe the Defendant has
misunderstood Professor Woon. The position stated by Professor Woon refers to
an action where a shareholder commences the derivative action on behalf of all
the shareholders except the defendants and the company is joined as a
defendant in order to be bound by the results of the the action. It is in this
context that Professor Woon commented that the shareholder, who is the
plaintiff in the derivative action, should expect to pay for the costs of the
litigation. The current proceedings are different as it is the company who is
named as the Plaintiff. As stated above, the decision to pierce the corporate
veil and hold a shareholder, a non-party, responsible for the costs incurred
by the company who is the Plaintiff is not one which is to be taken lightly.

19 The third and most important factor is that the Plaintiff is at all
material times a solvent company. Chan Seng Onn J in _Raffles Town Club_ at
[28] held that “apart from the “close connection” and “causal link” elements,
the _inability of the unsuccessful party_ _to pay the costs of litigation_ is
an important factor in the determination of whether it would be just to make
the non-party bear the costs” (emphasis added). The inability of the
unsuccessful company to pay the costs of litigation in _Dymocks_ and in _DB
Trustees_ was a determinative factor in the court’s decision to order a third
party to bear the litigation costs of the unsuccessful company.

20 Both solicitors for the Plaintiff and the Defendant admitted that the
Plaintiff is a solvent company and there is no evidence that it would not be
able to pay the costs of litigation. The Plaintiff has stated on affidavit
that the Plaintiff has funds in a bank account in Singapore and is also the
owner of a vessel which has a desk top value of approximately USD15.5 million.
The Defendant has challenged the valuation of the vessel saying that the
vessel only has a value of USD2 million. However, the Defendant did not
provide any documents in support of its valuation. In any event, it is clear
that the vessel is a valuable asset which belongs to the Plaintiff.

21 I also understand from both counsels for the Plaintiff and Defendant that
the Plaintiff has not been able to access its funds in its Singapore bank
account as the Defendant has so far not agreed to authorise any withdrawals
from the Plaintiff’s bank account. Therefore, Sinwa HK has had to pay the
costs payable from the Plaintiff to the Defendant. Since the Plaintiff’s
inability to access its funds to pay legal costs was caused by the Defendant,
it would not be just to allow the Defendant to rely on this as a basis to seek
security for costs from Sinwa HK.

22 For the above reasons, I am of the view that it would not be just to order
Sinwa HK, a non-party, to provide security for the Defendant’s costs.

23 As the Defendant has failed to satisfy both Stage One and Two, Sinwa HK
will not be ordered to provide security for the Defendant’s costs.

Nominal Plaintiff

24 The Defendant’s application for security for costs from the Plaintiff is on
the basis that the Plaintiff is a nominal plaintiff. This is based on Order 23
Rule 1(1)(b) which provides:

1(1) Where, on the application of a defendant to an action or other proceeding
in the Court, it appears to the Court –

…

(b) that the plaintiff (not being a plaintiff who is suing in a representative
capacity) is a nominal plaintiff who is suing for the benefit of some other
person and that there is reason to believe that he will be unable to pay the
costs of the defendant if ordered to do so;

…

then, if, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, the Court thinks
it just to do so, it may order the plaintiff to give such security for the
defendant’s costs of the action or other proceedings as it thinks just.

25 The Defendant submits that as the current proceedings were commenced by
Sinwa HK as a derivative action in the Plaintiff’s name and as Sinwa HK is the
main party who has conduct of the current proceedings, the Plaintiff should be
regarded as a nominal plaintiff.

26 It is necessary to understand the nature of a derivative action to access
the weight of the Defendant’s submissions. In _Wallersteiner v Moir (No. 2)_
[1975] 2 WLR 389 (“ _Wallersteiner_ ”), the English Court of Appeal at [396
C-D] adopted the observation of _Professor Gower in Modern Company Law_ , 3rd
ed (1969), p587 as to what constitutes a derivative action:

[where an action brought on behalf of the company by minority shareholders as
the company’s representatives to seek redress for the company] is allowed, the
member is not really suing on his own behalf nor on behalf of the members
generally, but on behalf of the company itself. Although… he will have to
frame his action as a representative one on behalf of himself and all the
members other than the wrongdoers, this gives a misleading impression of what
really occurs. The plaintiff shareholder is not acting as a representative of
the other shareholders, but as a representative of the company…In the United
States … this type of action has been given the distinctive name of a
‘derivative action,’ recognising that its true nature is that the individual
member sues on behalf of the company to enforce rights derived from it.

27 _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2005) 3rd ed at [9.65]
confirms that in a derivative action, “[normally], the shareholder who
instigates a suit should expect to pay for it, even though the _fruits of the
victory go to the company_.” (emphasis added)

28 It is clear that in while a derivative action is commenced by a shareholder
who has conduct of the proceedings, it is the plaintiff company who would
receive the benefits and fruits of the derivative action. Therefore, in the
current derivative action, the Plaintiff is not suing for the benefit of some
other person. It is the Plaintiff who will receive the benefits of a
successful outcome of the proceedings. The Plaintiff is not a nominal
plaintiff.

29 Further, Order 23 Rule 1(1)(b) also requires the Defendant to show that the
Plaintiff is not able to pay the costs of the Defendant if ordered to do so.
As stated above at [20], I am of the view that the Plaintiff is a solvent
company and will be able to pay the costs of the Defendant if ordered to do
so.

30 Accordingly, I am of the view that the Plaintiff company is not a nominal
plaintiff and there are no grounds to order it to provide security for costs
under Order 23 1(1)(b).

31 In light of the above, the application for security for costs from Sinwa
HK, a non-party and/or the Plaintiff on the basis it is a nominal plaintiff
was therefore dismissed with costs to the non-party and the Plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Oct 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

