Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lai Wai Keong Eugene _v_ Loo Wei Yen  
[2014] SGCA 31

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 170 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 May 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Anthony Wee and Pak Waltan (United Legal Alliance LLC)
for the appellant; Desmond Tan Yen Hau (Lee & Lee) for the respondent; Teo
Weng Kie and Charlene Chee (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the General
Insurance Association of Singapore; Michael Low Wan Kwong (Crossbows LLP) and
Linus Ng Siew Hoong (Robert Wang & Woo LLP) for the Consumers Association of
Singapore.  
Parties| :|  Lai Wai Keong Eugene — Loo Wei Yen  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2013] 3 SLR 1113.]

29 May 2014| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court in Registrar’s
Appeal No 273 of 2012, where the judge (“the Judge”) dismissed the appellant’s
appeal against an award of damages made by an assistant registrar (“the AR”).
The Judge’s decision is reported in _Lai Wai Keong Eugene v Loo Wei Yen_
[2013] 3 SLR 1113 (“the GD”), and the AR’s decision, in _Lai Wai Keong Eugene
v Loo Wei Yen_ [2012] SGHCR 8.

2 The case concerns the assessment of damages for the loss of future earnings
(“LFE”) and future medical expenses (“FME”) of a tort victim who is injured in
an accident. The conventional approach in assessing damages in such cases
involves the selection of:

(a) an appropriate multiplicand representing the plaintiff’s projected annual
future earnings or medical expenses (depending on whether it is LFE or FME
that is being assessed); and

(b) an appropriate multiplier representing the plaintiff’s remaining working
life or life expectancy (again, depending on whether it is LFE or FME that is
being assessed), discounted for accelerated receipt and the vicissitudes of
life.

The central issue in this appeal is whether the conventional approach should
be departed from or otherwise reviewed in the light of changes to the
statutory minimum retirement age (“the minimum retirement age”) and the
prevailing real interest rates.

3 We first heard the appeal on 5 November 2013. At that hearing, counsel for
the appellant, Mr Anthony Wee (“Mr Wee”), averred (among other things) that
the multiplier used for the calculation of LFE had traditionally been capped
at 16 years, even for young plaintiffs. As the reason for this purported cap
was unclear, we adjourned the hearing for further submissions on:

(a) the historical origins of the multiplier which has been applied in
comparable cases and the rationale for the cap of 16 years on the multiplier;
and

(b) whether the multiplier should be reviewed in the light of the increase in
the minimum retirement age or otherwise.

4 In addition, as the appellant was advocating a radical departure from the
usual method of assessing damages in personal injury cases, we considered it
necessary to hear the views of other stakeholders before making a decision. We
therefore invited the Consumers Association of Singapore (“CASE”) and the
General Insurance Association of Singapore (“GIA”) to tender written
submissions and attend a hearing before us. After hearing the parties again on
24 April 2014, we now give our decision.

The facts

5 The appellant was born in July 1972.[note: 1] On 12 April 2007, the
appellant, while riding a motorcycle, collided with a car which the respondent
was driving. The appellant suffered catastrophic injuries as a result of the
accident, and is now a paraplegic with no sensation or motor control from his
upper chest downwards. He requires a wheelchair to move about and drives
himself around using a modified vehicle.

6 Following the accident, the respondent pleaded guilty to a charge under s 65
of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) of driving without due care or
reasonable consideration. He was fined $1,000 and disqualified from driving
for four months.

The proceedings below

7 On 25 August 2009, the appellant sued the respondent, seeking damages for
negligence. The respondent consented to interlocutory judgment, accepting 90%
liability for the accident, with damages to be assessed.

8 The hearing for the assessment of damages commenced on 21 November 2011, by
which time the appellant was 39 years old. At the hearing, the appellant
produced a report[note: 2] by an accounting expert, Mr Foong Daw Ching. The
report contained a present value table setting out the capital sum required to
compensate the appellant for LFE based on his expected future earnings over a
remaining working lifespan of 27 years, at interest rates varying between 0%
and 5%. Using this table, the appellant argued that a 1% interest rate should
be adopted together with a 10% discount for vicissitudes, resulting in an LFE
award of $1,823,034.60.[note: 3] Alternatively, the appellant submitted, if
the conventional approach were to be used, a multiplier of 21 should be
applied. The appellant further argued that a multiplier of 23 should be used
for the calculation of FME.

9 The AR did not agree with the appellant’s submissions. Holding that it was
inappropriate to use present value tables (also known as annuity tables) to
assess damages for LFE, he instead looked at past cases involving plaintiffs
of similar ages to determine the appropriate multiplier. He accordingly
applied a multiplier of 13 for LFE and 15 for FME, and assessed the
appellant’s damages as follows:

(a) Special damages:

(i) Pre-trial medical expenses agreed at _$51,934.87_

(ii) Pre-trial transport expenses agreed at _$2,000.00_

(iii) Paraplegic equipment and toiletries agreed at _$15,865.03_

(iv) Cost of maid/nursing care agreed at _$15,275.35_

(v) Pre-trial loss of earnings assessed at _$162,349.20_

(vi) Pre-trial loss of employer’s CPF agreed at _$24,976.80_

(vii) Pre-trial loss of allowances agreed at _$6,978.24_

(viii) Loss of motorcycle agreed at _$9,617.00_

(ix) Cost of purchasing Suzuki Swift assessed at _$45,653.00_

(x) Cost of modifying Suzuki Swift assessed at _$750.00_

Total: **$335,399.49**

(b) General damages:

(i) Pain and suffering and loss of amenities assessed at _$200,000.00_

(ii) FME assessed at _$486,000.00_

(iii) Other future expenses (not including (ii)) assessed at _$171,770.00_

(iv) LFE assessed at _$880,262.93_

Total: **$1,738,032.93**

10 Dissatisfied with the AR’s award for LFE and FME, the appellant appealed to
the High Court. Relying on this court’s decision in _Poh Huat Heng Corp Pte
Ltd and others v Hafizul Islam Kofil Uddin_ [2012] 3 SLR 1003 (“ _Hafizul_ ”),
he argued that the court could and should depart from the conventional
approach in assessing damages for LFE, and should instead use present value
calculations to determine the LFE award. He further contended that the
multiplier used by the AR for calculating his FME was too low.

11 The Judge dismissed the appellant’s appeal. Rejecting the appellant’s
reliance on present value tables, he held that the conventional approach ought
to be applied for reasons of precedent, principle and policy, which may be
summarised as follows:

(a) The Judge considered himself bound by the decisions in _Lai Wee Lian v
Singapore Bus Service (1978) Ltd_ [1983–1984] SLR(R) 388 (“ _Lai Wee Lian_ ”)
and _Tay Cheng Yan v Tock Hua Bin and another_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 779 (“ _Tay
Cheng Yan_ ”) to apply the conventional approach, and did not read _Hafizul_
as undermining the binding authority of either case (see the GD at [61]). The
Judge was concerned that discounting separately for the vicissitudes of life
and accelerated receipt would require each plaintiff to adduce expert evidence
from actuaries and economists, thereby greatly increasing the costs and
complexity of litigation without necessarily improving the accuracy of
assessments (see the GD at [63]).

(b) The Judge acknowledged (at [67] of the GD) that lump sum awards were bound
to be inaccurate. He pointed out, however, that the discounts embedded in the
multiplier used under the conventional approach reflected the common law’s
allocation of the risk of inaccurate compensation as between tort plaintiffs
as a class and tort defendants as a class. The Judge stated (at [69] of the
GD) that the issue of “[w]hether to unpack and alter that embedded assessment
of reasonable risk, and where to set that level of risk, [was] a very
difficult question of policy” that a court of first instance could not and
should not engage in.

(c) The Judge observed that the overall effect of adopting the present value
approach proposed by the appellant was to effect an across-the-board increase
in the level of awards for LFE. That too, he noted, raised difficult questions
of policy, and such change (if it was to be implemented) was something to be
effected by either the Court of Appeal or the Legislature, and not by the High
Court (see the GD at [72]).

12 Applying the conventional approach, the Judge found that the multipliers
used by the AR were consistent with the multipliers used in past cases.

The issues before this court

13 The present appeal raises the following issues:

(a) Should we depart from the conventional approach in assessing damages for
personal injury?

(b) Assuming the conventional approach is retained, should the multipliers
used thereunder be revised in the light of changes in social and economic
conditions?

(c) In any event, should the AR’s award be disturbed?

Our decision

Whether we should depart from the conventional approach

14 From the 1940s to the 1970s, Malaysian and Singapore courts generally
awarded damages for future losses by way of a lump sum award. The assessment
of the appropriate lump sum appeared to be a matter of gut feeling; the courts
did not usually calculate – at least not explicitly – the victim’s projected
LFE over his remaining working life. An example is the case of _Katijah Binti
Abdullah v Lee Leong Toh & Another_ [1940] MLJ 87, where the court explained
its decision for awarding $2,000 in damages for LFE and pain and suffering in
the following terms (at 89):

As to damages claimed by the plaintiff, I take into account the fact that her
special aptitude for bangsawan work has been destroyed: it is obvious that the
lack of an arm would reduce her value as a dancer and singer of the type
[which] she was to nothing. In addition she has suffered the loss of a right
arm and considerable shock and pain and disfigurement: she is incapacitated as
a wife from working and even clothing herself with any comfort and her loss is
one that will go with her to her grave. While it is impossible to make good
the loss of her arm it is I think reasonable to assume that she should be put
into a position where she would not in case of her husband’s death or divorce
be plunged into complete poverty more hampered to meet it than most of her
sisters and should be recompensed for the pain and shock she has endured and
the awkwardness and discomfort she will have to endure for the rest of her
life. _In my estimation the sum of $2,000 properly invested would ensure this
and would not be a sum which the defendants should not be called upon to pay._
[emphasis added]

15 An early case where the conventional approach was explicitly applied is
_Pahang Lin Siong Motor Co Ltd & Anor v Cheong Swee Khai & Anor_ [1962] MLJ
29. In that case, the victim, who was about 20 years old at the time of the
accident, lost one arm in the accident, which was caused by the defendants’
negligence, and could no longer continue his former occupation as a rubber
tapper. The trial judge awarded him $13,500 for LFE by multiplying his monthly
salary of $80 (_ie_ , $960 a year) by 14 years. The multiplier of 14 was
adopted after discounting the plaintiff’s expected remaining lifespan of 40
years to allow for “the accidents of life and other elements” (at 30). It is
apparent from the substantial discount that the court also took into account
accelerated receipt.

16 From the late 1960s to the early 1980s, local courts began using a mix of
present value tables and the conventional approach to assess damages for LFE.
However, this gave rise to some confusion as the courts sometimes discounted
for accelerated receipt _twice_ – once in the selection of an appropriate
multiplier based on past cases (where the multipliers used already implicitly
contained a discount for accelerated receipt), and again in the application of
present value tables. An example is the case of _Lai Chi Kay and others v Lee
Kuo Shin_ [1981–1982] SLR(R) 71, where the court adopted a multiplicand of
$5,000 per month (_ie_ , $60,000 a year) and a multiplier of 15 years for a
plaintiff (a medical student) aged 24 at the time of the accident, but derived
a sum of only $622,800 (at [31]) instead of $900,000. The discrepancy appears
to be due to the use of present value tables to discount for accelerated
receipt.

17 This conceptual error was pointed out by the Privy Council in _Lai Wee
Lian_ , where the Board suggested that judges should stick to one system in
order to avoid confusion (at [27]):

While their Lordships are of opinion that there is nothing contrary to law in
the use of the tables, or of any other accurate aid to calculation, it is
apparent that there is a possibility (and more than the possibility) of
confusion if the tables are used without their significance being fully
appreciated. They enable the loss to be calculated more accurately than is
possible by the direct application of a multiplier, and for that reason they
may reasonably be preferred to the English system, provided that care is taken
to avoid confusion between the two systems. Some judges may prefer to use the
tables on the ground that a more accurate result can be obtained by using them
than by direct application of a multiplier. But, if confusion is to be
avoided, it seems desirable that a uniform practice should be followed by all
courts in the same area. …

18 Although the Board did not say that local courts should use the
conventional approach (and indeed opined that the present value approach was
more accurate), our Court of Appeal in _Tay Cheng Yan_ held (at [16]) that the
conventional approach should be used by local courts as both the courts and
local practitioners were more familiar with it. Thereafter, the conventional
approach has held sway in local courts to this day.

19 Most recently, in _Hafizul_ , we undertook a comprehensive review of the
proper approach to be applied in assessing damages for LFE. In that case, the
plaintiff, a Bangladeshi national, was rendered paraplegic after an industrial
accident at a Mass Rapid Transit worksite. At that time, the plaintiff was 27
years of age. The plaintiff’s employer admitted liability and interlocutory
judgment was entered, following which the assistant registrar rendered an
award totalling $1,001,750.80. After the High Court dismissed both parties’
appeals against the award, the employer filed a further appeal to this court.
We dismissed the appeal, and in the process, made the following observations
(at [48] and [54]) regarding the proper approach to be adopted in assessing
damages for LFE:

48 A variety of approaches may be applied to determine the appropriate
multiplier (see Wai-Sum Chan & Felix W H Chan, “ _Lai Wee Lian_ Revisited –
Should actuarial tables be used for the assessment of damages in personal
injury litigation in Singapore?” [2000] SJLS 364 (“ _Lai Wee Lian Revisited_
”), especially at 367–371, for a summary of some of the possibilities). The
possible approaches include the following:

(a) One approach is to **_fix the multiplier by looking at the multipliers
used in comparable cases_**. This is the approach adopted in some Singapore
cases (see, for example, _Loh Chia Mei v Koh Kok Han_ [2009] SGHC 181 at
[41]). As the Appellants have pointed out, this is also the approach taken by
the Hong Kong courts (see, _eg_ , the decision of the Hong Kong Court of
Appeal in _Chan Pui-ki v Leung On_ [1996] 2 HKLR 401 at 421C–421I).

(b) Another approach is to apply a pure arithmetical discount. **_The
multiplier may be determined by discounting the plaintiff’s stream of income
over his expected working life by an appropriate rate_** (see _Lai Wee Lian
Revisited_ at 368–370). **_A further discount may be applied to account for
contingencies_** , which was the approach taken in the Singapore High Court
decision of _Shaw Linda Gillian v Chai Kang Wei Samuel_ [2009] SGHC 187 (“
_Shaw Linda Gillian (HC)_ ”) at [31]. In that case, the High Court judge
applied a further discount for “the vicissitudes of life” (at [31]). The
defendant’s appeal against the High Court’s decision was allowed in part, but
the High Court’s decision on the loss of future earnings award was not
disturbed (see [_Chai Kang Wei Samuel v Shaw Linda Gillian_ [2010] 3 SLR 587]
at [32]).

(c) A third approach is to apply a fixed formula. This is the approach adopted
in Malaysia by statute (see s 28A of the Civil Law Act 1956 (Act 67) (M’sia)).
The Malaysian courts have held that the statutory formula is mandatory due to
the imperative language of the statute (see _Ibrahim bin Ismail v Hasnah bte
Puteh Imat (as beneficiary and legal mother of Bakri bin Yahya and
substituting Yahaya bin Ibrahim)_ [2004] 1 MLJ 525 at [12]).

(d) Yet another approach is to use actuarial tables, as in the UK. …

…

54 **_In the absence of actuarial tables, it seems to us that the approaches
alluded to above at [48(a)]–[48(b)], with adjustments for contingencies (where
appropriate) and inflation, are the next most appropriate approaches_** _. A
pure arithmetical discount will adjust the lump sum award to account for
accelerated receipt. Inflation can be taken into account by using_ __real__
_interest rates (ie, interest rates adjusted for inflation) in the
arithmetical discount. Further adjustment may be necessary to account for
other contingencies._ Any further adjustment of this nature will necessarily
be based on the particular facts and circumstances of the case. **_In order to
ensure that awards are consistent, the courts should also consider the
multipliers used in comparable cases._**_That said, a blind adherence to the
multipliers in previous cases is not desirable. The court should consider in
each case whether the previous cases are truly comparable, and should not
hesitate to depart from the multipliers used in previous cases if the
circumstances call for it._

[original emphasis in underlined italics; emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

20 Against this backdrop, we turn to consider the issue at hand. Mr Wee
submits that our decision in _Hafizul_ (which was issued only four days before
the AR made his award) has paved the way for local courts to jettison the
conventional approach in favour of the present value approach, which is
presented as a more accurate method of calculating future losses. We disagree.
As can be seen from the text in bold italics at [48] of _Hafizul_ as quoted
above, both the approach described at [48(a)] of that case (“the first
approach”) and the approach described at [48(b)] thereof (“the second
approach”) deal with _the selection of the multiplier_ to be used under _the
conventional approach_. Under the first approach, the multiplier is selected
by reference to the multipliers used in comparable cases; under the second
approach, the multiplier is derived by taking the plaintiff’s expected working
life (expressed as a number of years) and then discounting that figure for
accelerated receipt and the vicissitudes of life. It would therefore be
incorrect to read _Hafizul_ as endorsing an approach that dispenses with the
use of multipliers altogether and relies entirely on present value
calculations. We accept that in practice, the second approach would require
the court to make present value calculations to determine the appropriate
discount to be applied for accelerated receipt, and there is indeed nothing
wrong with using present value tables for this purpose. But the ultimate
purpose of the exercise remains _the derivation of a multiplier_ that can be
cross-checked with the multipliers used in past cases so as to achieve
consistency with cases involving similarly-situated plaintiffs.

21 Further, the reason why we gave emphasis to the second approach in
_Hafizul_ was because we were dealing with a Bangladeshi plaintiff who would
be living and working in Bangladesh and investing his lump sum award there.
The economic conditions in Bangladesh are different from those in Singapore,
and simply applying the multipliers used in past cases involving local
plaintiffs would have been less than satisfactory. We also noted in _Hafizul_
(at [59]) that had there been evidence of real interest rates in Bangladesh, a
further discount for contingencies would have been appropriate since the
plaintiff’s job as a foreign construction worker was exposed to unique
vagaries that did not usually attend other forms of employment. These
considerations called for the various components embedded in the multiplier to
be unbundled and adjusted individually. However, because of the lack of
evidence of the deposit interest rates and inflation rates in Bangladesh, we
ultimately had to apply the first approach of considering the multipliers used
in comparable cases (see _Hafizul_ at [60]).

22 _Hafizul_ should therefore not be viewed as authority for the proposition
that the second approach is invariably to be preferred over the first
approach. We remain of the view that _both_ are appropriate approaches which
our courts may adopt in assessing damages for LFE, with the caveat that a
court utilising the second approach should ensure that the resulting
multiplier is broadly consistent with the multipliers used in comparable
cases. In other words, in determining the various discounts to be applied
under the second approach, a court should not stray too far from the implicit
discounts embedded in the multipliers used in comparable cases. This naturally
brings us to the next issue.

Whether the multipliers used under the conventional approach should be revised

23 The second issue identified at [13] above is really the crux of this
appeal, _viz_ : whether the _multipliers_ used under the conventional approach
should be revised upwards. Indeed, it was apparent that the reason why Mr Wee
advocated so fervently the present value approach was because he wanted the
court to depart from the multipliers used in past cases, which, he argued, had
failed to keep pace with the social and economic changes in Singapore.
According to Mr Wee, the multipliers used in past cases were based on
assumptions regarding the minimum retirement age and real rates of return that
no longer hold true.

24 We will consider these two factors in turn, beginning with the minimum
retirement age.

Increase in the minimum retirement age

25 According to Mr Wee, the retirement age in the 1970s and 1980s was 55, and
the multipliers used in personal injury cases during that period were
calculated accordingly. However, a minimum retirement age (set at 60) was
introduced in 1993 by the Retirement Age Act 1993 (Act 14 of 1993), and that
retirement age has now been increased to 62: see s 4(1) of the Retirement and
Re-Employment Act (Cap 274A, 2012 Rev Ed). Consequently, Mr Wee argues, there
is a need to revise the multipliers upwards to account for Singaporeans’
longer working lifespans.

26 We agree that the increase in the minimum retirement age is a factor that
should be taken into account in determining the appropriate multiplier. But
this is something that the courts have _already_ been doing when applying the
conventional approach. The multiplier to be adopted in each case has always
depended on the court’s assessment of the likely retirement age of the
plaintiff in question but for the accident, and the minimum retirement age
would naturally be a factor that the courts would take into account (although
they have not hesitated to assume a shorter or longer working lifespan if the
facts call for it). This is seen, for example, in the following cases:

(a) In _Lim Fook Lau and another v Kepdrill International Inc SA and others_
[1992] 3 SLR(R) 244, the deceased doctor was nearly 30 years old at the time
of the accident. The High Court adopted a multiplier of 16 in assessing the
deceased’s “lost years” earnings on the basis that there was no compulsory
retirement age for private medical practitioners, and that the deceased would
have had a further working life of between 30 and 35 years but for the
accident (at [9]).

(b) In _Neo Kim Seng v Clough Petrosea Pte Ltd_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 413, the High
Court adopted a multiplier of six for a plaintiff who was 48 years old at the
time of the assessment hearing. In doing so, the court took note of counsel’s
submission (at [13]) that under the (now repealed) Retirement Age Act (Cap
274A, 1994 Rev Ed), the “normal retirement age” had been raised to 65 (this
seems to have been a mistake as 60 was the correct figure at that time), but
also took into account (at [15]) the fact that the plaintiff would have had a
shorter working life than a white-collar worker in view of the physical
demands of his job as a ship’s mechanic.

(c) In _Ang Leng Hock v Leo Ee Ah_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 361 (“ _Ang Leng Hock_ ”),
the High Court observed (at [54]) that the minimum retirement age had been
raised to 62 since 1999, but opined (at [55]) that as the plaintiff was a
self-employed person who depended on his established business contacts, there
should be no prefixed cut-off date for his employment. The court consequently
adopted a multiplier of ten for the plaintiff, who was 45 years old at the
time of the assessment hearing. We ought to clarify that the sum so arrived at
by the judge was regarded as an award for loss of earning capacity rather than
an award for LFE as there was no reliable evidence of the plaintiff’s loss of
earnings from his employment (see _Ang Leng Hock_ at [54]).

(d) In _Teo Ai Ling (by her next friend Chua Wee Bee) v Koh Chai Kwang_ [2010]
2 SLR 1037, the High Court applied a multiplier of 20 for a female polytechnic
student who was 17 years old at the time of the accident (and who would have
started work at 20 after graduating from polytechnic). In doing so, the court
expressly took into account the fact that the minimum retirement age had been
raised to 62. On appeal, we did not disapprove of the High Court’s choice of
multiplier, but substituted the award for LFE with a provisional damages award
under para 16 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) in order to have time to assess more accurately the
injured victim’s employment prospects (see _Koh Chai Kwang v Teo Ai Ling (by
her next friend, Chua Wee Bee)_ [2011] 3 SLR 610 (“ _Teo Ai Ling (CA)_ ”)).

27 In our judgment, therefore, it is unnecessary to undertake a broad review
of the multipliers used under the conventional approach to account for the
increase in the minimum retirement age as this is something that the courts
would in any event take into account if it is relevant on the facts of the
case, as demonstrated by the precedents which we have just cited.

Decrease in the real rates of return achievable

28 Turning to the next factor cited by Mr Wee (see [23] above), the cases
indicate that the multipliers used under the conventional approach have been
based on the assumption that the lump sum award can be invested to achieve
real rates of return of 4–5%. This was the reason cited by Lord Diplock in
_Mallett v McMonagle, a minor by Hugh Joseph McMonagle, his father and
guardian ad litem, and Another_ [1970] AC 166 (“ _Mallett v McMonagle_ ”) for
a cap of 16 on the multiplier, even for young plaintiffs (at 177):

… In cases such as the present where the deceased was aged 25 and his widow
about the same age, courts have not infrequently awarded 16 years’ purchase of
the dependency. It is seldom that this number of years’ purchase is exceeded.
_It represents the capital value of an annuity certain for a period of 26
years at interest rates of 4 per cent., 29 years at interest rates of 4½ per
cent. or 33 years at interest rates of 5 per cent._ Having regard to the
uncertainties to be taken into account, 16 years would appear to represent a
reasonable maximum number of years’ purchase where the deceased died in his
twenties. Even if the period were extended to 40 years, that is, when the
deceased would have attained the age of 65, the additional number of years’
purchase at interest rates of 4 per cent. would be less than 4 years, at 4½
per cent. would be less than 2½ years, and at 5 per cent. would be little more
than 1 year. [emphasis added]

29 The point was reiterated in _Cookson (Widow and Administratrix of the
estate of Frank Cookson, decd) v Knowles_ [1979] AC 556, where Lord Fraser of
Tullybelton said (at 576–577):

… _The multipliers which are generally adopted in practice are based on the
assumption (rarely mentioned and perhaps rarely appreciated) that the
principal sum of damages will earn interest at about 4 or 5 per cent._ , which
are rates that would be appropriate in time of stable currency, as my noble
and learned friend Lord Diplock pointed out in _Mallett_ v. _McMonagle_ [1970]
A.C. 166, 176D. But in time of rapid inflation the rate of interest that can
be earned by prudent investment in fixed interest securities tends to be high,
as investors seek to protect their capital and also to obtain a positive rate
of interest. _At the date of the trial in this case (May 1976) it was possible
to obtain interest at a rate of approximately 14 per cent. in gilt edged
securities, and so long as inflation continues at its present rate of
approximately 10 per cent., experience suggests that the interest element in
the widow’s assumed annuity will be appreciably higher than the 4 or 5 per
cent. on which the multiplier is based._ … [emphasis added]

30 Likewise, in _Kartina Bte Mohd Nor v Pee Tian Leng (an infant)_ [1994] SGHC
291, the High Court referred to Lord Diplock’s remarks in _Mallett v
McMonagle_ and observed that the assumption of a 4% interest rate held true in
Singapore at that time:

The plaintiff was 34 years old at the time of assessment. The multiplier a
court would grant even for a much younger person would be in the region of 15
to 16 [citing _Lai Wee Lian_ , _Chan Heng Wah and another v Peh Thiam Choh and
another_ [1987] SLR(R) 501 and _Peh Diana and another v Tan Miang Lee_ [1991]
1 SLR(R) 22] … According to Lord Diplock in [_Mallett v McMonagle_] using a
multiplier of 16 would give a capital sum which would compensate the victim
over a period of 26 years assuming that the interest rate was at 4%. The
current rate of interest for fixed deposit (for 12 month period) in Singapore
certainly exceeds that rate. …

31 Given this background, Mr Wee says that it is high time for the multipliers
used under the conventional approach to be revised. This is because it is
unrealistic today to assume that real rates of return of 4–5% are achievable
by plaintiffs in personal injury cases. He notes that the annual interest
rates for 12-month fixed deposits ranged between 0.53% and 0.88% from 2005 to
2009 (when the appellant’s claim was brought), and the average annual
inflation rate over the same period was 2.08%. Thus, Mr Wee argues, the real
rate of return under current economic circumstances is in fact _negative_ and
a discount rate of 4–5% would result in gross under-compensation. He suggests
that we adopt a discount rate of 1% instead.

32 We accept that the present rates of return on fixed deposits are very low
and have remained so for many years – records from the Monetary Authority of
Singapore’s website indicate that the last time that interest rates for bank
fixed deposits exceeded 4% was in October 1998. However, we have several
reservations about using the prevailing fixed deposit interest rates as the
benchmark for determining the discount for accelerated receipt.

33 In the first place, we do not think it would be reasonable for a plaintiff
to invest his entire lump sum award in fixed deposits. Mr Wee submits that
this is reasonable because a tort victim who depends on his damages award for
his day-to-day expenses cannot afford to place it in riskier investments which
can potentially provide higher returns, such as equities. He draws support
from the following remarks by Lord Lloyd of Berwick in _Wells v Wells_ [1999]
1 AC 345 at 366–367:

… Granted that a substantial proportion of equities is the best long-term
investment for the ordinary prudent investor, the question is whether the same
is true for these plaintiffs. The ordinary investor may be presumed to have
enough to live on. He can meet his day-to-day requirements. If the equity
market suffers a catastrophic fall, as it did in 1972, he has no immediate
need to sell. He can abide his time, and wait until the equity market
eventually recovers.

The plaintiffs are not in the same happy position. They are not “ordinary
investors” in the sense that they can wait for long-term recovery, remembering
that it was not until 1989 that equity prices regained their old pre-1972
level in real terms. For they need the income, and a portion of their capital,
every year to meet their current cost of care. A plaintiff who invested the
whole of his award in equities in 1972 would have found that their real value
had fallen by 41 per cent. in 1973 and by a further 62 per cent. in 1974. The
real value of the income on his equities had also fallen.

So _it does not follow that a prudent investment for the ordinary investor is
a prudent investment for the plaintiffs. Equities may well prove the best
long-term investment. But their volatility over the short term creates a
serious risk._ This risk was well understood by the experts. Indeed Mr. Coonan
[counsel for the defendants] conceded that if you are investing so as to meet
a plaintiff’s needs over a period of five years, or even 10 years, it would be
foolish to invest in equities. But that concession, properly made as it was on
the evidence, is fatal to the defendants’ case. For as Mr. Purchas [counsel
for the plaintiffs] pointed out in reply, every long period starts with a
short period. If there is a substantial fall in equities in the first five or
10 years, during which the plaintiff will have had to call on part of his
capital to meet his needs, and will have had to realise that part of his
capital in a depressed market, the depleted fund may never recover.

[emphasis added]

34 With respect, we disagree. While it is true that a tort victim who has been
disabled by an accident would have to live off his damages award, he plainly
does not require the _entire sum_ to meet his expenses at any one point in
time. In cases where the damages award is meant to compensate a plaintiff for
decades of lost earnings, a substantial portion of the award would not be
called upon for many years, and we see no reason why that portion cannot be
invested in equities or other asset classes to achieve a higher return (as
compared to fixed deposits) in the meantime. Such a plaintiff _would_ be in a
position to ride out the short-term volatility that equities and other
relatively high-risk investments are susceptible to. Furthermore, Lord Lloyd’s
remarks in _Wells v Wells_ were made in a context where index-linked
government stocks (“ILGS”) were available as an alternative investment
vehicle. It was held in _Well v Wells_ that it would be prudent for the
plaintiffs to invest in ILGS, given that they provided a guaranteed risk-free
return above the rate of inflation. As Lord Lloyd explained (at 364–365):

… The difficulty arises because … money does not retain its value. How is the
court to ensure that the plaintiff receives the money he will need to purchase
the care he needs as the years go by despite the impact of inflation? _In the
past the courts have solved this problem by assuming that the plaintiff can
take care of future inflation in a rough and ready way by investing the lump
sum sensibly in a mixed “basket” of equities and gilts. But the advent of the
index-linked government stock (“I.L.G.S.”) (they were first issued in 1981)
has provided an alternative._**_The return of income and capital on I.L.G.S.
is fully protected against inflation._** Thus the purchaser of £100 of
I.L.G.S. with a maturity date of 2020 knows that his investment will then be
worth £100 plus _x_ per cent. of £100, where _x_ represents the percentage
increase in the retail price index between the date of issue and the date of
maturity (or, more accurately, eight months before the two dates). Of course
if the plaintiff were to invest his £100 in equities it might then be worth
much more. But it might also be worth less. **_The virtue of I.L.G.S. is that
it provides a risk-free investment._** [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

35 In Singapore, however, inflation-proof investment products are unavailable;
Lord Lloyd’s views are therefore not applicable in our context. We further
observe that there has been a proliferation of new investment options since
_Wells v Wells_ was decided, such as low-cost index funds and real estate
investment trusts, which may provide a less risky alternative to purchasing
individual stocks and shares while still promising a rate of return that
substantially exceeds inflation in the long run. It would thus not be prudent
or reasonable for a plaintiff to invest his entire lump sum award in fixed
deposits.

36 Second, and more importantly, there is no guarantee that the present low
rates of return will persist. Indeed, with the ongoing tapering by the United
States of its quantitative easing policy, many economists believe that
interest rates will rise in the near future. Mr Wee submits that even if
interest rates do rise, any such increase would be gradual, and any over-
compensation in the latter stages would be far less significant than the
under-compensation in the initial stages because of the ever decreasing
capital sum on which the rate of return is applied. But this is pure
speculation. We note, for example, that the interest rate for 12-month bank
fixed deposits fell from 7.43% in October 1984 to 3.35% by October 1986; in
1998, it stood at 5.34% in January, but plunged to 2.51% by December. The
point is that no one can confidently predict the direction and gradient of
future interest rate changes, and given the numerous imponderables involved,
we do not think the courts should peg the discount rate for accelerated
receipt – which is supposed to represent the average rate of return over a
plaintiff’s remaining working lifespan – to the prevailing fixed deposit
interest rates.

37 We agree that the present state of the law is rather unsatisfactory and
that there is scope for reform in this area. However, we do not think the
courts are really in a position to undertake this reform. Any drastic change
to the discount rate for accelerated receipt can only be undertaken after a
careful study, with input from experts and the various stakeholders involved.
This is a matter that falls within the institutional competence of the
Legislature. In the United Kingdom, for example, the Lord Chancellor was given
the power by Parliament to prescribe a rate of return that the courts would
have to take into account in assessing damages for future pecuniary losses in
personal injury actions: see s 1 of the Damages Act 1996 (c 48) (UK). This
rate was fixed at 2.5%, but that is now under review – a joint consultation
paper was published by the Department of Justice, the Ministry of Justice and
the Scottish Government wherein it was suggested that the rate of 2.5% might
be too low (see _Damages Act 1996: The Discount Rate_ (Consultation Paper CP
3/2013, 12 February 2013) at p 3):

At present the discount rate is set by reference to the expected rates of
return on certain types of safe investments. However, there is evidence that
recipients of these lump sums do not invest in the cautious way that is
envisaged by the guidelines. Instead, the initial evidence indicates, they
seem to invest in mixed portfolios, including higher risk investments. This
may be the result of a number of factors, but it might suggest that the
current legal parameters for setting the rate may produce a rate that is too
low. This would result in over-compensation for claimants and extra cost for
defendants and those who fund them. …

38 In our judgment, therefore, it would be inappropriate for us to effect a
radical and sweeping revision of the discount rate embedded in the multipliers
used under the conventional approach, and we decline the appellant’s
invitation to do so. We would add, however, that this does not preclude the
courts from adopting a lower or higher discount rate if this is found to be
appropriate on the facts of a particular case. For example, a court might be
justified in pegging the discount rate to prevailing fixed deposit interest
rates if the remaining working lifespan of the plaintiff is very short (such
that there is less scope for investment in riskier assets or for drastic
changes in the prevailing interest rates).

39 Before we move away from this issue, there is one observation which we need
to make. At the further hearing on 24 April 2014 (see [4] above), we invited
the appellant and the respondent to tender written submissions on whether this
was an appropriate case for a provisional damages award to be made, as was
done in _Teo Ai Ling (CA)_ (see [26(d)] above). However, the appellant wishes
to have an early final resolution of this matter, and has stated in a letter
through his solicitors that he does not wish this court to consider the option
of a provisional damages award. In the circumstances, we say no more on this
option.

Whether the AR’s award should be disturbed

40 Given our decision on the foregoing issues, it follows that there is no
basis to disturb the AR’s award of damages for LFE. As the Judge noted at [80]
of the GD, a multiplier of 13 for LFE in the present case is consistent with
the multipliers used in past cases, and the appellant himself concedes that
there is no basis for interfering with this multiplier unless we revise our
interest rate assumptions.[note: 4]

41 We turn to consider the AR’s award for FME. The appellant relies on two
cases to argue that the multiplier for FME should be increased from 15 to 17:

(a) In _Chin Swey Min a patient suing by his wife and next friend Lim Siew Lee
v Nor Nizar Bin Mohamed_ [2004] SGHC 27, the assistant registrar adopted a
multiplier of 16 for a male plaintiff who was 38 years old at the time of the
accident.

(b) In _Tan Juay Mui (by his next friend Chew Chwee Kim) v Sher Kuan Hock and
another (Liberty Insurance Pte Ltd, co-defendant; Liberty Insurance Pte Ltd
and another, third parties)_ [2012] 3 SLR 496, the assistant registrar fixed
the multiplier for FME at 17 years for a female plaintiff aged 51 (at the time
of the trial) who was expected to live for another 32 years. On appeal, the
High Court declined to interfere with the multiplier.

42 However, there are other cases where the courts have been less generous in
the multiplier for FME:

(a) In _Ang Leng Hock_ , a 15-year multiplier (reduced from 20) was adopted in
relation to a male plaintiff who was 41 years old at the time of the accident
and 45 at the time of the assessment hearing.

(b) In _TV Media Pte Ltd v De Cruz Andrea Heidi and another appeal_ [2004] 3
SLR(R) 543, a multiplier of 17 was applied in relation to a female plaintiff
who was 27 at the time she sustained her injury, with an estimated 51 years of
life remaining.

43 In the present case, it was conceded by the appellant that he has a
remaining lifespan of 30 years as his life expectancy has been reduced as a
result of his injuries. The AR’s choice of a 15-year multiplier for FME, while
perhaps on the low side, remains within the range contemplated by the
authorities. It is not manifestly inadequate. We therefore see no reason to
interfere with the AR’s award for FME.

Conclusion

44 For the foregoing reasons, we dismiss this appeal. As for costs, although
the appellant has failed in the appeal, the fact remains that he raised a
point of general interest, which even necessitated our having to invite CASE
and GIA to make submissions thereon. Consequently, we will not order costs
against the appellant for the appeal. We would like to record our gratitude to
CASE and GIA for their assistance in the appeal. We also wish to commend Mr
Wee for his comprehensive and helpful submissions on behalf of his client,
although we have been unable to agree with him in the end. The usual
consequential orders will apply.

* * *

[note: 1]ROA vol V part C, p 16.

[note: 2]II CB 8.

[note: 3]ROA vol III part E, pp 72–73.

[note: 4]Appellant’s Further Submissions, para 58.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 May 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

