Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Ghim Peow _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2014] SGCA 52

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 October 2014  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Subhas Anandan, Sunil Sudheesan and Diana Ngiam (RHTLaw
Taylor Wessing LLP) for the appellant; Francis Ng, Lim How Khang, Jasmine
Chin-Sabado and Norine Tan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lim Ghim Peow — Public Prosecutor  
  
17 October 2014|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal brings into acute focus the challenging task of sentencing an
offender who suffers from a mental disorder falling short of unsoundness of
mind, but falling within the meaning of Exception 7 (diminished
responsibility) to s 300 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the
Code”).

2 The appellant, Lim Ghim Peow (“the Appellant”), pleaded guilty to and was
convicted of a charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under s
304(_a_) of the Code. The Appellant had set his ex-lover, one Mary Yoong Mei
Ling (“the Deceased”), on fire at her residence on 25 May 2012 by dousing her
with petrol and setting her ablaze with a lighter. Later on the same day, the
Deceased passed away due to her burn injuries. The Appellant was diagnosed as
suffering from a major depressive disorder at the time of the offence. The
trial judge (“the Judge”) sentenced him to 20 years’ imprisonment. His
decision is reported in _Public Prosecutor v Lim Ghim_ _Peow_ [2014] 2 SLR 522
(“the Judgment”).

3 The Appellant appealed against his sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment on the
ground that it was manifestly excessive. He submitted that the Judge failed to
appreciate the significance of his psychiatric condition, and instead accorded
undue weight to the sentencing principles of retribution and prevention.

4 After hearing the submissions of the parties on 11 July 2014 and carefully
considering all the circumstances of the case, we affirmed the sentence
imposed by the Judge and dismissed the appeal. We now give the detailed
grounds for our decision.

Background to the offence

5 It is apposite to begin with a quick summary of the background facts. These
facts are extracted from the statement of facts submitted to the court below
by the Prosecution, which the Appellant admitted to without qualification.

6 The Appellant is a 46-year-old divorcee. At the time of the offence, he was
working as a taxi driver and was staying at a rental flat in Bendeemeer (“the
Rental Flat”). The Deceased was also a divorcee and was aged 43 at the time of
her death.

7 The Appellant and the Deceased first met more than 17 years ago when they
were still married to their respective spouses. Their romantic relationship
started sometime in September 2008, and the Deceased moved into the Rental
Flat and cohabitated with the Appellant. However, by late 2011, their
relationship began to deteriorate and the Deceased moved out of the Rental
Flat. Between late 2011 and April 2012, the Deceased alternated between
staying with her friend, Justina Cher Siow Wei (“Justina”), her grandaunt and
her aunt. Throughout this period, the Appellant attempted to reconcile with
the Deceased, but to no avail. At the time of her demise, the Deceased was
already in a relationship with another person, Choo Lye Weng (also known as
“Steven”), and was staying with her cousin, Phua Duan Kai (“the Victim”), and
his family at their Compassvale flat (“the Flat”).

8 On 16 February 2012, the Appellant sent the Deceased a text message
threatening to set fire to Justina’s home if the Deceased refused to meet him.
As a result, the Deceased agreed to meet him in the presence of his brother.
During the meeting, an argument ensued, in the course of which the Deceased
accused the Appellant of making empty threats. The Appellant immediately drove
to a petrol kiosk to purchase a four-litre tin of petrol, and returned to the
meeting place where the Deceased and his brother were still waiting. He showed
the tin of petrol to the Deceased to prove that his threat was real. The
Appellant’s brother advised him not to “act crazy”. The meeting ended without
anything untoward happening and the Appellant brought the tin of petrol home.

9 Sometime in March 2012, the Deceased entered into a relationship with
Steven. Between April and May 2012, the Appellant continued to call the
Deceased and send her text messages, but she did not respond. On 22 May 2012,
the Deceased made a police report against the Appellant for harassment.

10 On 23 May 2012, when the Deceased returned to the Flat after running an
errand, she found the Appellant lying in wait for her. The Deceased tried to
run away from the Appellant, and called the Victim and another male friend to
rescue her. The police were also eventually called in. It was after this
incident that the Appellant realised that the Deceased had no intention of
reconciling with him. Therefore, he resolved to kill the Deceased by burning
her and then commit suicide.

11 On that same day (_ie_ , 23 May 2012), upon returning to the Rental Flat,
the Appellant proceeded to fill three plastic bottles with petrol from the tin
of petrol which he had purchased in February 2012. He sealed the caps of the
bottles with transparent tape before placing them into a plastic bag. Later
that night, the Appellant went to the void deck of the Flat and slept at the
nearby playground.

12 On the morning of 24 May 2012, the Appellant woke up and kept watch at the
staircase beside the Flat. However, as he did not see the Deceased, he left
after some time. Later that night, the Appellant poured the remaining petrol
in the tin of petrol into three other plastic bottles. He likewise sealed the
three bottles with transparent tape and put them into the same bag as the
three bottles from the previous day.

13 On 25 May 2012, sometime after 1.00am, the Appellant arrived at the
vicinity of the Flat. He placed the bag containing the six bottles of petrol
on a plant rack outside the Flat. The Appellant then slept at the staircase
landing near the Flat and lay in wait for the Deceased. Sometime before
8.30am, the Deceased opened the door and the gate of the Flat. The Victim was
still asleep in his room then. When the Appellant heard the door being opened,
he rushed down the staircase with one plastic bottle of petrol in his left
hand and a lighter in his right hand. He had retrieved the bottle of petrol
earlier after a false alarm from a resident of another unit. A brief exchange
between the Deceased and the Appellant ensued. The Appellant asked the
Deceased to give him one last chance, but the Deceased reiterated that there
was no possibility of reconciliation between them. The Appellant then uncapped
the bottle of petrol which he was holding and told the Deceased that “he
wanted to take her together with him to die” (see the Judgment at [26]).

14 The Deceased ran back inside the Flat and closed and locked the gate. The
Appellant reached his right arm through the gate and grabbed the Deceased. He
doused the Deceased with petrol from the plastic bottle which he held in his
left hand. The Deceased struggled to free herself and screamed for the Victim
to save her. The Victim was awakened by the Deceased’s screams and rushed out
of his room. The Victim tried to close the door and pull the Deceased away,
but the Appellant managed to keep the door open. At this point, the Appellant
quickly dropped the bottle and used the lighter to set the Deceased on fire.
The Deceased was set alight immediately. The Appellant then released the
Deceased and let the door close. Inside the flat, the Deceased was engulfed in
flames. The Victim’s left arm and left leg were also on fire, and the fire
spread to the door and the ceiling.

15 Eventually, the Deceased and the Victim managed to put out the fire on
their bodies, and the fire in the Flat was extinguished with the help of
neighbours. Singapore Civil Defence Force officers and the police arrived
separately at the scene. Upon questioning by the police, the Appellant
admitted that he had started the fire because the Deceased wanted to leave him
and he wanted to die with her. The Deceased, the Appellant and the Victim were
conveyed to the hospital.

16 The medical report on the Deceased showed that she sustained 75% total body
surface area burns with inhalational injury. Most of the burns were of full
thickness. Her condition subsequently deteriorated and she succumbed to her
injuries on the same day (_ie_ , 25 May 2012) at about 10.56pm. The cause of
death was stated in the autopsy report as “extensive severe burns”. The Victim
and the Appellant both sustained some non-fatal burn injuries from the
incident.

The sentence imposed by the Judge

17 The prescribed punishment for the offence of culpable homicide not
amounting to murder under s 304(_a_) of the Code is either life imprisonment
with the option of caning, or a term of imprisonment which may extend to 20
years with the option of a fine or caning. It was against this statutory
framework that the Judge decided to sentence the Appellant to the maximum
fixed term of imprisonment, _viz_ , 20 years’ imprisonment.

18 It should be noted that the charge faced by the Appellant was one of
culpable homicide not amounting to murder by operation of Exception 7 to s 300
of the Code. The Prosecution conceded at the hearing below that at the time of
the offence, the Appellant was suffering from an abnormality of mind (namely,
a major depressive disorder) which substantially impaired his mental
responsibility for the commission of the offence and therefore reduced the
offence from that of murder to that of culpable homicide not amounting to
murder. At the hearing before the Judge, the Prosecution did not press for the
maximum punishment of life imprisonment, but argued instead for an
imprisonment term of 16 to 20 years. The Appellant, on his part, pleaded for
an imprisonment term in the region of ten years.

19 Given the Appellant’s major depressive disorder, the Judge was of the view
that while rehabilitation of the Appellant was important, it should not be the
sole or principal consideration in this case. He felt that there was a need to
balance the public interest in protecting society against the interests of the
Appellant. Considering the gravity of the offence and the circumstances of the
case, the Judge held that the public interest should prevail over the
interests of the Appellant, and that the primary operative sentencing
principle in this case ought to be retribution rather than rehabilitation.
Retribution would entail consideration of the concept of “just deserts” and
the principle of proportionality. In addition, there was a need to consider
the principle of prevention, given the Appellant’s latent violent disposition.

20 The Judge further noted that there were many aggravating factors in this
case. First, there was a strong element of premeditation on the part of the
Appellant, who formed the motive and made preparations to kill the Deceased
two days before the offence. Second, the Judge took into account the fact that
the Appellant’s mental disorder “[did] not appear to … [have] dispossessed him
of his self-control” (see the Judgment at [60]) or to have made him unable to
fully appreciate the consequences of his actions. Third, the Appellant’s
attack on the Deceased was vengeful and vicious, causing her severe injuries.
The Appellant also did not pay heed to the consequences of his actions on
others, such as the Victim and the residents of neighbouring flats. Fourth,
the Appellant had a violent temperament, a history of substance abuse and drug
consumption, as well as previous detentions for gang-related offences. This
led the Judge to conclude that pursuant to the sentencing principle of
prevention, society had to be protected from the Appellant, who was quick-
tempered, impulsive and had a latent violent disposition.

21 However, the Judge also took into account a number of mitigating factors.
The Appellant had pleaded guilty to the charge. Further, at the time of the
offence, he was suffering from a major depressive disorder that significantly
impaired his judgment. The Judge noted the findings in the psychiatric reports
that the Appellant required psychiatric care and treatment for an indefinite
period of time in a correctional setting, and that his condition would
inevitably relapse should he leave a correctional environment. The Judge also
considered the fact that the Appellant’s three daughters had filed affidavits
indicating that they would support the Appellant upon his release from prison.

22 Applying the sentencing principle of retribution and the principle of
proportionality in sentencing, the Judge stated that the maximum sentence of
life imprisonment might not be appropriate. However, he was of the view (at
[80] of the Judgment) that notwithstanding the Appellant’s mental disorder, “a
very substantial sentence” was required to meet the community interest in
retribution because of “the very aggravating features of the case”. A long
custodial sentence was also warranted by virtue of the principle of
prevention. The Judge therefore sentenced the Appellant to 20 years’
imprisonment.

Our decision

Overview

23 The issue before us was whether, given the circumstances of the case, the
sentence imposed by the Judge was manifestly excessive. It is trite law that
an appellate court has only limited grounds for intervention with respect to
sentences meted out by a lower court, one of the grounds being that the
sentence concerned is manifestly excessive. To establish this ground, it must
be shown that the sentence is unjustly severe, and “requires substantial
alterations rather than minute corrections to remedy the injustice” (see
_Public Prosecutor v Siew Boon Loong_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 611 at [22]). In this
regard, as pointed out in _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor_
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 at [14]:

… The mere fact that an appellate court would have awarded a higher or lower
sentence than the trial judge is not sufficient to compel the exercise of its
appellate powers, unless it is coupled with a failure by the trial judge to
appreciate the facts placed before him or where the trial judge’s exercise of
his sentencing discretion was contrary to principle and/or law. …

24 It was evident that the offence committed in the present case was both
premeditated and heinous in nature. The Appellant doused the Deceased with
petrol and set her on fire, causing extensive and severe burns which
ultimately resulted in her death. Indeed, the Deceased must have suffered
excruciating pain before she eventually succumbed to her burn injuries. This
case was therefore one of the more serious cases of culpable homicide not
amounting to murder to have come before our courts.

25 That said, the existence of a mental disorder on the part of the offender
is always a relevant factor in the sentencing process. The manner and extent
of its relevance depends on the circumstances of each case, in particular, the
nature and severity of the mental disorder. In fact, the existence of a mental
disorder often gives rise to contradictory sentencing objectives. As V K Rajah
JA noted in _Public Prosecutor v Goh Lee Yin and another appeal_ [2008] 1
SLR(R) 824 (“ _Goh Lee Yin (2008)_ ”) at [1], “the paradox of sentencing the
mentally ill” is that “[s]uch illnesses can be a mitigating consideration or
point towards a future danger that may require more severe sentencing”. This
echoes what was stated by the High Court of Australia in _Veen v The Queen (No
2)_ (1988) 164 CLR 465 at 476–477 (cited with approval by the Singapore Court
of Appeal in _Public Prosecutor v Aniza_ _bte_ _Essa_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 327 (“
_Aniza_ ”) at [70]):

… The purposes of criminal punishment are various: protection of society,
deterrence of the offender and of others who might be tempted to offend,
retribution and reform. The purposes overlap and none of them can be
considered in isolation from the others when determining what is an
appropriate sentence in a particular case. They are guideposts to the
appropriate sentence but sometimes they point in different directions. _And so
a mental abnormality which makes an offender a danger to society when he is at
large but which diminishes his moral culpability for a particular crime is a
factor which has two countervailing effects: one which tends towards a longer
custodial sentence, the other towards a shorter._ [emphasis added]

Sentencing principles for mentally disordered offenders

26 In sentencing a mentally disordered offender, there is generally a tension
between the sentencing principles of specific and general deterrence on the
one hand, and the principle of rehabilitation on the other. The approach which
our courts have adopted is that the element of _general_ deterrence _may_ be
given considerably less weight if the offender was suffering from a mental
disorder at the time of the offence, particularly if the mental disorder was
causally related to the offence. This was stated by Yong Pung How CJ in the
Singapore High Court case of _Ng So Kuen Connie v Public Prosecutor_ [2003] 3
SLR(R) 178 (“ _Connie Ng_ ”) at [58] as follows:

… [T]he element of general deterrence can and should be given considerably
less weight if the offender was suffering from a mental disorder at the time
of the commission of the offence. This is particularly so if there is a causal
link between the mental disorder and the commission of the offence. In
addition to the need for a causal link, other factors such as the seriousness
of the mental condition, the likelihood of the [offender] repeating the
offence and the severity of the crime, are factors which have to be taken into
account by the sentencing judge. In my view, general deterrence will not be
enhanced by meting out an imprisonment term to [an offender] suffering from a
serious mental disorder which led to the commission of the offence.

27 The proposition in the passage above has been cited with approval in
numerous Singapore authorities (see, _eg_ , _Public Prosecutor v Lim Ah Liang_
[2007] SGHC 34 at [40], _Public Prosecutor v Lim Ah Seng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 957
at [49], _Public Prosecutor v Aguilar Guen_ _Garlejo_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 247 (“
_Aguilar_ ”) at [44] and _Goh Lee Yin (2008)_ at [94]). The policy rationale
underlying this proposition is that an offender who suffers from a mental
disorder is usually not an appropriate object for exemplary punishment.

28 That said, we should clarify that the element of general deterrence may
still be accorded full weight in some circumstances, such as where the mental
disorder is not serious or is not causally related to the commission of the
offence, and the offence is a serious one. In this regard, it is pertinent to
note that the passage in _Connie Ng_ quoted at [26] above can be traced to the
decision of the Supreme Court of South Australia in _R v Wiskich_ [2000] SASC
64 (“ _Wiskich_ ”). In _Connie Ng_ , Yong CJ referred to _Sentencing Practice
in the Subordinate Courts_ (Richard Magnus _et al_ eds) (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed,
2003) at p 93 and noted that the authors had cited an excerpt from _Wiskich_
at [62], which was reproduced in _Connie Ng_ (at [57]) as follows:

An assessment of the severity of the disorder is required. A sentencing court
must determine the impact of the disorder upon both the offender’s thought
processes and the capacity of the offender to appreciate the gravity and
significance of the criminal conduct. … _It is not difficult to understand
that the element of general deterrence can readily be given considerably less
weight in the case of an offender suffering from a significant mental disorder
who commits a minor crime, particularly if a causal relationship exists
between the mental disorder and the commission of such an offence._ In some
circumstances, however, the mental disorder may not be serious or causally
related to the commission of the crime, and the circumstances of the crime so
grave, that very little weight in mitigation can be given to the existence of
the mental disorder and full weight must be afforded to the element of general
deterrence. In between those extremes, an infinite variety of circumstances
will arise in which competing considerations must be balanced. [emphasis in
original]

29 It is evident from the passage cited above that there is _no_ blanket rule
that the court will give less weight to the element of general deterrence on
the basis that the offender was suffering from a mental disorder at the time
of the offence. In fact, the court in _Wiskich_ found that weight should be
given to general deterrence notwithstanding the existence of a mental disorder
on the part of the respondent offender in that case.

30 In _Wiskich_ , the respondent pleaded guilty to the offence of murder and
was sentenced to the mandatory sentence of life imprisonment with a non-parole
period of 14 years. The Prosecution applied for leave to appeal against the
non-parole period on the ground that it was manifestly inadequate. Amongst
other things, the Prosecution argued that the trial judge erred in reducing by
seven years the non-parole period that he would otherwise have imposed by
reason of the “mental condition” of the respondent (see _Wiskich_ at [1]).

31 The factual background against which the offence in _Wiskich_ was committed
bears much similarity to that in the present case. The respondent there had
been in a relationship with a young woman (“J”), which began to deteriorate
when J went to university. Attempts by J to end the relationship were strongly
resisted by the respondent. Subsequently, the respondent discovered that J was
in a relationship with the deceased and became intensely jealous, even
threatening to kill himself on a few occasions. The trial judge found that in
the weeks preceding the offence, the respondent was constantly preoccupied by
his jealousy and eventually formed the intention to kill the deceased and then
himself. The respondent undertook preparations for the commission of the
offence, such as placing a small axe (described as a “tomahawk”) in a backpack
in his vehicle and keeping watch on the deceased’s house. On the day of the
offence, the respondent waited near the deceased’s home and trailed the
deceased in his vehicle when the deceased left his home on a bicycle. The
respondent ran the deceased down from behind and proceeded to strike the
deceased, who was still conscious on the ground, on the head at least nine
times with the tomahawk. The deceased died at the scene soon after the attack.

32 At first instance, the trial judge found that the respondent was at the
material time suffering from “three independent but interacting mental
disorders” (see _Wiskich_ at [15]), which were set out in the reports of three
psychiatrists. Those mental disorders were, namely: (a) obsessive compulsive
disorder since childhood; (b) depressive illness since about two years before
the commission of the offence; and (c) difficulties in social relationships
and obsessive suspiciousness. Significantly, the trial judge also stated that
although the respondent’s mental illness was such that it had significantly
impaired his capacity for self-reason and self-control, he remained capable of
understanding the nature and implications of his actions (see _Wiskich_ at
[15]). Notwithstanding this, the trial judge allowed a reduction of seven
years from the non-parole period on account of the respondent’s diminished
sense of responsibility stemming from his mental disorder, and fixed a non-
parole period of 14 years (see _Wiskich_ at [16]–[17]).

33 On appeal before the Supreme Court of South Australia, Martin J, who
delivered the leading judgment, held that the trial judge had erred in giving
little or considerably reduced weight to the element of general deterrence,
and had imposed a non-parole period which was manifestly inadequate. Martin J
therefore fixed a new non-parole period of 18 years. He noted (at [69] of
_Wiskich_) that “the respondent knew what he was doing and knew that it was
wrong”, and further, that the respondent “formulated a plan to kill the
deceased, armed himself for that purpose and carried out the plan”, albeit in
“an obsessive manner and with disordered thinking”. Martin J therefore stated
(also at [69] of _Wiskich_):

… The element of general deterrence is, therefore, of particular importance in
fixing non-parole periods for crimes of murder committed in such
circumstances, particularly where the crime was not committed on impulse, but
was planned over a period of time before being carried into effect with the
brutality I have previously described …

34 Martin J also made the following statement in _Wiskich_ at [62], which was
omitted from the passage reproduced in _Connie Ng_ :

… [A]s a general proposition, if an offender acts with knowledge of what is
being done and with knowledge of the gravity of the criminal conduct, the
importance of the element of general deterrence otherwise appropriate in the
particular circumstances is not greatly affected. …

35 We would therefore reiterate that the existence of a mental disorder on the
part of the offender does not automatically reduce the importance of the
principle of general deterrence in sentencing. Much depends on the
circumstances of each individual case. If the nature of the mental disorder is
such that it does not affect the offender’s capacity to appreciate the gravity
and significance of his criminal conduct, the application of the sentencing
principle of general deterrence may not be greatly affected.

36 Similarly, the sentencing principle of _specific_ deterrence _may_ be of
limited application in cases involving mentally disordered offenders. Whereas
general deterrence is directed at educating and deterring other like-minded
members of the general public by making an example of the particular offender
concerned, specific deterrence is directed at discouraging that particular
offender from committing offences in future (see _Public Prosecutor v Tan Fook
Sum_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1022 at [18]). The reason why specific deterrence may not
be a relevant consideration when sentencing mentally disordered offenders is
that specific deterrence is premised on the assumption that the offender can
balance and weigh consequences before committing an offence (see _Tan Kay Beng
v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 10 at [32]). The aim of specific
deterrence is to deter the particular offender concerned from committing any
further offences. It follows that where that offender’s mental disorder has
seriously inhibited his ability to make proper choices or appreciate the
nature and quality of his actions, it is unlikely that specific deterrence
will fulfil its aim of instilling in him the fear of re-offending. Conversely,
specific deterrence may remain relevant in instances where the offence is
premeditated or where there is a conscious choice to commit the offence (see
_Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at [22]). This remains
the case notwithstanding the existence of a mental disorder on the part of the
particular offender concerned.

37 Rehabilitation may take precedence where the sentencing principle of
deterrence is rendered less effective by virtue of a serious psychiatric
condition or mental disorder on the part of the offender (see _Goh Lee Yin v
Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 530 at [29]). Rehabilitation, however, has
both a public and an individual dimension (see _Goh Lee Yin (2008)_ at [99]).
On the one hand, the courts are concerned about the welfare of the offender
and the manner of reform and treatment which is most suitable, particularly if
the offender suffers from a psychiatric illness or other special psychiatric
condition. On the other hand, the underlying aim of rehabilitation is to
advance the greater public interest by reducing the risk of recidivism.

38 It is, moreover, erroneous to assume that rehabilitation necessarily
dictates that a lighter sentence be imposed on a mentally disordered offender.
This again depends very much on the nature of the offence as well as the
nature and severity of the offender’s mental disorder. The case of _Public
Prosecutor v Kwong_ _Kok_ _Hing_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 684 serves as a useful
illustration. In that case, the respondent was charged with attempting to
commit culpable homicide by pushing the victim into the path of an oncoming
train at a train station. He was diagnosed as suffering from a mental disorder
at the time of the offence. In the Prosecution’s appeal against sentence, the
Court of Appeal observed (at [37]) that “[w]hile the respondent’s
rehabilitation was a relevant consideration, there was no suggestion that he
could not be similarly rehabilitated in prison”, and that “even if one were to
place considerable weight on rehabilitation as a sentencing principle, it did
not necessitate a light sentence in the current case”.

39 In cases involving serious offences, there is no reason why the retributive
and protective principles of sentencing should not prevail over the principle
of rehabilitation, notwithstanding the offender’s mental disorder. As Rajah JA
stated in _Goh Lee Yin (2008)_ at [107]:

… [T]his is not to say that in _all_ offences committed owing to a psychiatric
disease, rehabilitation must be the foremost consideration. Indeed, assuming
that an offender suffers from a psychiatric disease which causes him to commit
a particular heinous offence, it would surely not be correct to say that such
an offender ought to be rehabilitated to the exclusion of other public
interests. Rehabilitation may still be a relevant consideration, but such
rehabilitation may very well have to take place in an environment where the
offender is prevented from recommitting similar offences. [emphasis in
original]

We also note with approval the commentary in Kow Keng Siong, _Sentencing
Principles in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2009) at para 18.125 that “the
retributive principle features prominently in the sentencing of mentally
disordered offenders or intellectually challenged offenders where the offence
is _particularly serious or heinous_ ” [emphasis in original]. The principle
of retribution will be particularly relevant if the offender’s mental disorder
did not seriously impair his capacity to appreciate the nature and gravity of
his actions. Protection of the public will also be a relevant consideration in
cases involving serious offences and “dangerous” offenders, notwithstanding
the fact that at the material time, the offender was suffering from a
psychiatric disorder which caused the commission of the very offence concerned
(see _Goh Lee Yin (2008)_ at [108]). Indeed, there is no reason why the public
interest of protecting society should necessarily cease to be a relevant
consideration when dealing with a mentally disordered offender. Ultimately,
the court must balance the interests of society against those of the offender.
In every case, it is often this search for the right balance which poses the
greatest difficulties.

The Appellant’s psychiatric condition

40 In the present case, the relevant clinical evidence on the Appellant’s
mental disorder consisted of four psychiatric reports issued from July 2012 to
December 2013 by Dr Jerome Goh Hern Yee (“Dr Goh”), a consultant psychiatrist
at the Institute of Mental Health (“the IMH”). Those reports were based on,
_inter alia_ , Dr Goh’s examination of the Appellant on various occasions,
interviews with the Appellant’s family members and friends, as well as a
review of the clinical notes from a previous visit to the IMH by the Appellant
in December 2011.

41 In Dr Goh’s first psychiatric report dated 5 July 2012 (“the 1st
Psychiatric Report”), he diagnosed the Appellant as having a major depressive
disorder which preceded the offence. The Appellant had sought consultation at
the IMH in December 2011, and had been diagnosed as having a major depressive
episode then. He did not follow up after that visit. In Dr Goh’s opinion, the
Appellant was “still labouring under symptoms of major depressive disorder
around the time of the … offence” and his major depressive disorder led him to
adopt desperate acts to get the Deceased to resume their relationship. Dr Goh
stated:

… When [the Appellant] concluded [that the Deceased] would never return to
him, his depressive mental state would have limited the options available to
him and tip[ped] his decision making towards his plans to kill [the Deceased]
and himself. …

42 The nature and severity of the Appellant’s major depressive disorder was
further explained by Dr Goh in his second psychiatric report dated 6 September
2012 (“the 2nd Psychiatric Report”). In that report, Dr Goh opined that the
Appellant’s major depressive disorder amounted to an abnormality of mind, and
that there was clinically significant impairment in his decision-making
capacity with regard to the offence. However, Dr Goh also stated that the
Appellant “did not appear to lack the capacity to comprehend the events or the
capacity to appreciate the wrongfulness of his actions”, noting that the
Appellant had: (a) said that he intended to kill the Deceased and then
himself; (b) made the necessary preparations; (c) left “final instructions”
for his daughters; (d) monitored the scene; and (e) waited for the Deceased to
emerge from the Flat. Dr Goh explained the impact of the Appellant’s mental
disorder on the commission of the offence as follows:

His depressive outlook, especially given the severity of his depression and
significant psychosocial impairments that he had, had contributed to the
commission of the act, in that it led him to conclude that he had no other
choices and that his life had no meaning when the [D]eceased refused to
reconcile with him. A depressed individual like the [Appellant] can be prone
to “catastrophizing” and focus only on the negative aspects of his situation,
leading to a failure to consider prosocial alternatives in his relationship
with the [D]eceased or with others, and to conclude there was “no way out”
other than the course of action that led to the death of the [D]eceased.

[The Appellant] already has a violent and impulsive propensity related to his
personality attributes, and he was also abusing drugs. Relating to the
offence, his major depressive disorder would have further impaired his degree
of self-control significantly.

43 The Appellant’s “violent and impulsive propensity” was also noted by Dr Goh
in his other reports. In the 1st Psychiatric Report, Dr Goh observed that this
“violent and impulsive propensity” predated the offence, and had contributed
to the Appellant’s conflicts and fights with his family and other persons as
well as to his suicide and other self-harm attempts. In addition, Dr Goh
stated that the Appellant had a history of substance abuse, which he had
resumed shortly before the offence by consuming methamphetamine and marijuana.
In Dr Goh’s third psychiatric report on the Appellant dated 4 April 2013 (“the
3rd Psychiatric Report”), Dr Goh opined that the Appellant had violent
tendencies and an impulsive personality trait:

[The Appellant] has a severe mental illness and history of treatment
discontinuation, conduct problems in his childhood, substance misuse and
history of violence and suicide attempts. Furthermore, his past behaviours,
including being involved in fights from a young age, two self-harm attempts,
and the circumstances leading to the index offence, strongly suggest [an]
impulsive personality trait. …

44 As for the Appellant’s likelihood of recidivism and his need for follow-up
psychiatric care and treatment, Dr Goh stated in the 3rd Psychiatric Report:

Given the severity of the offence, the [Appellant] would require psychiatric
care and treatment for an indefinite period of time, and close supervision and
monitoring of his psychiatric treatment, in order to manage the above risk
factors well to mitigate his violence and self-harm risks. …

Further, Dr Goh stated that “[t]he supervision and monitoring of [the
Appellant’s] psychiatric condition to manage such risks could be carried out
in a correctional setting”.

45 In his final report on the Appellant dated 4 December 2013 (“the 4th
Psychiatric Report”), Dr Goh noted that the Appellant’s depressive symptoms
had resolved with treatment and that his depressive illness was in remission
at the time of that report. Dr Goh, however, expressed concern that the
Appellant’s “insight into his need for treatment for his depression and the
role of medications appear[ed] limited”, and that the Appellant “appeared
over-confident that his depressive disorder would not recur and that he would
not resume his substance misuse in the community”. According to Dr Goh, the
Appellant had also expressed a preference for living on his own after his
release from prison, which “would raise concerns about the monitoring and
supervision of his psychiatric care in the community”. Dr Goh strongly advised
that the Appellant should receive “long-term psychiatric follow-up and
treatment, to maintain his remission and reduce the risk of relapse of his
major depressive disorder”. Dr Goh also suggested that the Appellant could
receive “close monitoring and supervision with regards to his psychiatric
condition and early detection of any recurrence of depressive symptom[s]” in a
controlled environment like a prison.

Whether the Judge failed to appreciate the significance of the Appellant’s
mental disorder and/or accorded undue weight to retribution and prevention

46 Having regard to the four psychiatric reports issued by Dr Goh, we did not
think the Judge failed to appreciate the nature or significance of the
Appellant’s mental disorder.

47 A preliminary point raised by the Appellant was that the Judge had unfairly
stated that the offence would have been one of murder had the Appellant not
been diagnosed as suffering from a major depressive disorder at the time of
the offence. As an example of such a statement, the Appellant pointed to [43]
of the Judgment, where the Judge stated that “[t]his would have been a clear
case of murder if it had not been for his major depressive disorder diagnosed
by Dr Goh”. At the hearing before us, counsel for the Appellant also suggested
that comments such as the above showed that the Judge had prejudged the case.

48 In our view, the Judge, in making the above statement, was merely stating
the fact that but for the Appellant’s major depressive disorder, which the
Prosecution conceded amounted to an abnormality of mind, the Appellant would,
in all likelihood, have been charged with and convicted of murder. The
evidence was clear that the Appellant had made up his mind that unless the
Deceased agreed to reconcile with him, he would kill her and then take his own
life. He did precisely that on the fateful day when the Deceased persisted in
rejecting his plea for reconciliation. It was not disputed that this was a
case where the Prosecution had proved the fault element for murder, but the
offence was reduced to that of culpable homicide not amounting to murder by
operation of the special exception of diminished responsibility (see [18]
above). In the circumstances, we could not see anything unfair in what the
Judge stated as quoted above.

49 The main issue raised by the Appellant related to the Judge’s findings at
[60] of the Judgment, which reads as follows:

**Accused appeared normal to family members and friends**

60 _This is not a case in which the accused suddenly snapped because of his
mental condition. This also does not appear to be a case in which the major
depressive disorder had dispossessed him of his self-control. Anyone looking
at the facts of this case will not come to the conclusion that the accused was
suffering from a major depressive disorder._ His friends and family members,
according to Dr Goh, did not observe him to manifest any psychotic behaviour.
He was only diagnosed to be suffering from major depressive disorder when he
was sent to [the] IMH for an assessment after his arrest. What the accused had
done here was methodological and meticulous. He had prepared his murder tool,
the petrol, by filling it up in plastic bottles which made it convenient for
him to douse the [D]eceased with the petrol. He taped the caps so as to
prevent anybody from detecting the petrol which he intended to use to kill the
[D]eceased. He lay in wait for the opportune moment to ambush the [D]eceased.
He also carried with him a lighter just in case the [D]eceased were to attempt
to run away, proving that he had considered contingencies as well. The entire
plan to kill the [Deceased] was devised in a cold, conscientious manner over a
span of two days. Also, the accused was in no hurry to kill the [D]eceased. He
was patient and had no qualms about waiting until the next day when no
opportune moment arose when he first lay in wait for the [D]eceased. Instead
of giving up, he was persistent in carrying out his plan. _There was nothing
to suggest that the accused’s major depressive disorder made him unable to
fully appreciate the consequences of his actions. Therefore, the accused
deserves a harsher sentence than an offender who had committed the offence on
impulse arising from a severe mental disorder._

[emphasis added]

50 We did not think that the remarks made by the Judge in the above passage
indicated that he failed to appreciate the significance of the Appellant’s
mental disorder or the impact of the same on the commission of the offence.
While Dr Goh did state in the 2nd Psychiatric Report that the Appellant’s
major depressive disorder would have impaired his degree of self-control and
his decision-making capacity with regard to the offence, Dr Goh also opined in
that report that the Appellant did not appear to lack “the capacity to
comprehend the events or the capacity to appreciate the wrongfulness of his
actions” (see [42] above). Dr Goh’s opinion was that the Appellant’s major
depressive disorder, coupled with his violent and impulsive personality, led
him to decide on the course of action that resulted in the death of the
Deceased. This, however, did not mean that the Appellant could not comprehend
the gravity of his actions or the wrongfulness of his conduct. As both Dr Goh
and the Judge noted, the Appellant formed the intention to kill the Deceased
some time before the commission of the offence, and carried out his plan in
quite a meticulous manner.

51 The Judge therefore did not err in drawing a distinction between, on the
one hand, the present case and, on the other hand, cases where the mental
disorder had completely dispossessed the offender of his awareness of the
nature and illegality of his actions or where the offender had committed the
offence on impulse due to his mental disorder. Here, the Appellant had
carefully planned his moves – he had decided to take the Deceased’s life and
his own too, reasoning that if he could not have the Deceased, then no one
else should have her. We should clarify at this juncture that there is an
erroneous statement of fact at [60] of the Judgment (quoted at [49] above).
The Appellant was first diagnosed as having a major depressive disorder in
December 2011, _before_ the commission of the offence, and not (as the Judge
stated) after his arrest for the offence. However, this error was not material
and does not detract from what we have said in the previous paragraph.

52 In the light of the nature of the Appellant’s major depressive disorder and
its effect on the commission of the offence, we were of the view that the
Judge did not err in considering retribution and prevention instead of
rehabilitation to be the primary sentencing principles that were applicable in
this case. A mental disorder, even if it substantially impaired the offender’s
mental responsibility for the commission of the offence and thereby reduced
the offence (in the context of the offence of culpable homicide under s 299 of
the Code) from that of murder to that of culpable homicide not amounting to
murder, cannot be invoked as a blanket excuse for every aspect of the
offender’s criminal conduct. In every case, it is imperative that the
sentencing court examine the nature and gravity of the offender’s mental
disorder and its impact on the commission of the offence before arriving at a
sentence that takes into account and balances the relevant sentencing
objectives. This echoes what we have said above at [35]–[39] that if the
offender acts with knowledge of what he is doing and of the gravity of his
actions, and the offence is particularly serious or heinous, the principles of
deterrence, retribution and protection may assume primacy in the sentencing
process. In the present case, the offence committed was horrendous, causing
severe pain and suffering to the Deceased. No doubt, the Appellant’s major
depressive disorder contributed to his decision to kill the Deceased by
limiting his perception of the choices available to him. However, as we have
stated above, there was nothing to indicate that the Appellant lacked the
capacity to comprehend his actions or appreciate the wrongfulness of his
conduct. In the circumstances, it was open to the Judge to give precedence to
the consideration of protecting the public as well as the need to punish the
Appellant appropriately for his offence.

53 That said, this did not mean that the Appellant’s rehabilitation ceased to
be a relevant consideration at all. In fact, there was every suggestion in
this case that the Appellant’s rehabilitation would be best carried out in a
structured and correctional environment. According to Dr Goh, the Appellant
would require psychiatric care and treatment for an indefinite period of time,
coupled with close supervision and monitoring of his psychiatric treatment.
While we agreed with the Appellant that Dr Goh did not state that the
Appellant’s mental disorder, which is now in remission, would inevitably
relapse should he leave a correctional environment, Dr Goh’s reports did
indicate that the Appellant did not seem to appreciate the need for continued
treatment of his mental disorder if he were to be released into the community
and be left to his own devices.

54 Dr Goh identified several risk factors in the 4th Psychiatric Report (see
[45] above), which pointed towards the need for a long custodial sentence for
the Appellant’s rehabilitation. First, the Appellant appeared to have a
limited insight into his need for treatment and the purpose of medication.
Second, the Appellant had a history of treatment discontinuance and his
motivation for psychiatric treatment had been low prior to the offence. He had
discontinued his treatment at the IMH after his first visit in December 2011.
Third, at the time of the 4th Psychiatric Report, the Appellant had expressed
a preference for living on his own after his release from prison. We note that
the Appellant did subsequently present additional affidavits from his three
daughters stating their commitment to provide him with support and look after
his welfare upon his release from prison. We agree with the Judge that such
family support is heartening and is to be encouraged. However, the
practicalities of the situation need to be taken into account. The Appellant
has been identified by Dr Goh as having an impulsive personality trait and
violent tendencies, and his history includes several attempted suicide and
self-harm episodes as well as periods of substance abuse. Given this
background and the inherent character traits of the Appellant, the ability of
his daughters to provide him with the supervision and care necessary for his
continued psychiatric well-being may be limited.

The sentencing precedents

55 Although the Appellant submitted that the Judge erred in appreciating the
relevant sentencing precedents, we did not think that the cases relied on by
the Appellant were of much assistance. In the first place, comparisons with
the sentences imposed in individual cases are of limited utility, given the
wide variety of circumstances in which offences of culpable homicide are
committed. This was noted by the Court of Appeal in _Public Prosecutor v Tan
Kei Loon Allan_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 679 at [33], where it stated that sentencing
for culpable homicide should, for this reason, remain a matter within the
trial judge’s discretion and be left to be determined on the facts of each
particular case.

56 Second, the difficulty with comparing the sentences imposed in other cases
of culpable homicide not amounting to murder is intensified by the fact that
the maximum fixed term of imprisonment under s 304(_a_) of the Code was
increased from ten years to 20 years under the Penal Code (Amendment) Act 2007
(Act 51 of 2007), which came into effect on 1 February 2008. This amendment
was intended to give the courts greater flexibility in sentencing offenders
for the offence of culpable homicide not amounting to murder. Cases based on
the pre-1 February 2008 version of s 304(_a_) (“pre-amendment cases”)
therefore have to be viewed with this legislative background in mind. However,
it should be noted at the same time that the increase in the maximum fixed
term of imprisonment under the present version of s 304(_a_) does not _per se_
warrant the imposition of a more severe sentence, and the punishment imposed
must still reflect the gravity of the offence (see _Public Prosecutor v
Vitria_ _Depsi_ _Wahyuni (alias Fitriah)_ [2013] 1 SLR 699 at [35]).

57 The pre-amendment cases cited by the Appellant did not indicate that the
Appellant deserved a lighter sentence in the present case. The offenders in
both _Aguilar_ and _Public Prosecutor v Ong Pang Siew (No. 2)_ [2011] SGHC 177
(“ _Ong Pang Siew_ ”) were each sentenced to ten years’ imprisonment (_viz_ ,
the maximum fixed term of imprisonment prior to 1 February 2008), while the
offender in _Aniza_ was sentenced to nine years’ imprisonment. The only pre-
amendment case where the sentence imposed was not close to the then maximum
fixed term of imprisonment of ten years was _Public Prosecutor v Han John Han_
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 1180 (“ _Han John Han_ ”), where the offender’s sentence was
enhanced by the Court of Appeal from three to five years’ imprisonment.

58 Furthermore, the nature and severity of the mental disorders suffered by
the offenders in the above cases as well as the circumstances in which the
offences were committed were not analogous to those in the present case. There
was no element of premeditation or planning of the offence in _Aguilar_ , _Ong
Pang Siew_ and _Han John Han_. In _Han John Han_ , the sentencing court also
took into account the low risk of recurrence of the offender’s psychotic
condition and the fact that he had had good familial and professional
relationships up until the time of the offence (see _Han John Han_ at [9] and
[12]). As for _Aniza_ , a key distinguishing factor would appear to be that it
was accepted in that case that the offender “was suffering from an impairment
of her cognitive appreciation of what she was doing” (at [68]); moreover, the
offender’s psychiatric illness was “transient” and its dominant cause was
“prolonged spousal abuse by the deceased towards her” (at [35]). In contrast,
the clinical evidence in the present case was that the Appellant did not
appear to lack the capacity to comprehend his actions at the material time,
and that his mental disorder required long-term psychiatric treatment and
care. Moreover, unlike the offender in _Aniza_ , who had been a victim of
persistent spousal abuse, in the present case, the Appellant was the aggressor
throughout his relationship with the Deceased.

59 With regard to the cases cited by the Appellant based on the post-1
February 2008 version of s 304(_a_), the sentences imposed in those cases for
the offence of culpable homicide not amounting to murder ranged from five
years’ imprisonment to 18 years’ imprisonment. In _Public Prosecutor v Wu Yun
Yun_ Criminal Case No 16 of 2009 (11 December 2009, unreported), the accused
purchased a knife two weeks prior to the offence as she had become jealous of
the deceased and the victim, who were her brother-in-law and her sister-in-law
respectively. About two days before the offence, the accused decided to carry
out her plan to stab either the deceased or the victim in the early hours of
the morning. She stabbed the victim twice in the neck and the deceased thrice
in his chest and abdomen. She was found to be suffering from a major
depressive disorder at the material time, and was sentenced to a total of 16
years’ imprisonment, comprising 12 years’ imprisonment on one charge of
culpable homicide not amounting to murder and four years’ imprisonment on a
second charge of attempting to commit culpable homicide not amounting to
murder.

60 In _Public Prosecutor v Goh Hai Eng_ Criminal Case No 4 of 2010 (24
February 2010, unreported) (“ _Goh Hai Eng_ ”), the accused, who was suffering
from a bipolar disorder at the material time, killed her younger daughter by
stabbing the latter in the chest while the latter was asleep. The accused had
been depressed over her recent divorce and financial burdens, which led her to
decide to kill her younger daughter and then commit suicide. The accused was
sentenced to five years’ imprisonment on a charge of culpable homicide not
amounting to murder.

61 In _Public Prosecutor v Kumaresen a/l_ _Muthian @ Rathu_ Criminal Case No
16 of 2011 (18 July 2011, unreported) (“ _Kumaresen_ ”), the accused, pursuant
to a quarrel with the deceased: (a) used a 30cm-long metallic angle bar to hit
the deceased’s head several times; (b) punched the deceased’s face with his
fist; and also (c) used his feet to stamp on the deceased’s chest and abdomen.
The deceased later died from multiple injuries. The accused, who was suffering
from a major depressive disorder at the time of the offence, was sentenced to
12 years’ imprisonment.

62 In _Public Prosecutor v Luo Faming_ [2011] SGHC 238 (“ _Luo Faming_ ”), the
accused (“Luo”) stabbed and killed his colleague (“Gong”) and also hit his
supervisor (“Ng”) on the head with a hammer. The day before the incident, the
accused had quarrelled with Gong, and Ng had intervened. The accused felt that
Ng had favoured Gong and resolved that night to take revenge on Gong and Ng by
killing them the next day. The accused was found to be suffering from a major
depressive disorder which substantially impaired his mental responsibility for
his actions at the time of the offence. The accused pleaded guilty, and was
sentenced to 18 years’ imprisonment on a charge of culpable homicide not
amounting to murder and six years’ imprisonment on a second charge of
attempting to commit culpable homicide not amounting to murder, making a total
sentence of 24 years’ imprisonment.

63 In view of the aforesaid cases, we did not think that the Judge’s sentence
of 20 years’ imprisonment was out of line. In the first place, most of the
above cases were unreported, and thus, we do not have any significant details
as to the nature and severity of the mental disorders suffered by the
offenders concerned, nor do we have details of the impact of those mental
disorders on the commission of the offence. This, as we have mentioned
earlier, is crucial in determining which sentencing considerations should
apply and what the final sentence to be imposed on the offender should be.
Moreover, there were factors distinguishing the above cases from the present
case. There was no element of premeditation in _Kumaresen_. While there was
premeditation in the other three cases, we note that in _Goh Hai Eng_ , the
offender and the victim were mother and child. Moreover, in contrast to the
three cases in which the offences were premeditated, the method of killing
employed in the present case was particularly cruel and vicious (_cf_ , for
example, _Luo Faming_ , where it was stated at [19] that “[o]ffences under s
304(_a_) of the Penal Code are usually violent but there was no sadistic
feature in this case”).

Conclusion

64 For the reasons elucidated above, we did not think that the sentence of 20
years’ imprisonment imposed by the Judge was manifestly excessive. A long
custodial sentence was warranted in the light of the many serious aggravating
factors in the present case, notwithstanding that the Appellant was at the
material time suffering from a major depressive disorder that substantially
impaired his mental responsibility for the commission of the offence.
Moreover, on the clinical evidence, particularly the factors mentioned at [54]
above, the Appellant’s need for rehabilitation would be better met in a
correctional setting as compared to in a less structured environment. In our
view, the sentence imposed by the Judge served the interests of both the
Appellant and society. The appeal was therefore dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Oct 2014 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

