Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Harwindar Singh s/o Geja Singh _v_ Michael Wong Lok Yung and another  
[2015] SGHC 132

Case Number| :| Suit No 1087 of 2014 (Registrar's Appeal No 61 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 May 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chua Lee Ming JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Walter Ferix Silvester and Leow Wei Xiang, Jeremy (Joseph
Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the plaintiff; Khoo Boo Teck Randolph and Tan Huiru
Sally (Drew & Napier LLC) for the first defendant.  
Parties| :|  Harwindar Singh s/o Geja Singh — Michael Wong Lok Yung and
another  
  
18 May 2015|  
---|---  
  
Chua Lee Ming JC:

Introduction

1 Harwindar Singh s/o Geja Singh (“the Plaintiff”) started this action against
two defendants – Michael Wong Lok Yung (“the First Defendant”) and GDS Global
Limited (“GDS Global”). Both defendants applied to strike out the Plaintiff’s
claim. On 13 February 2015, the Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) struck out the
Plaintiff’s claims against GDS Global but declined to strike out the
Plaintiff’s claims against the First Defendant. This was an appeal by the
First Defendant against the AR’s refusal to strike out the claim against him.
I allowed the appeal and struck out the Plaintiff’s claim against the First
Defendant. The Plaintiff has appealed against my decision.

The Plaintiff’s claim

2 The relevant entities are:

(a) GDS Global – GDS Global is an investment holding company listed on the SGX
Catalist Exchange. The First Defendant is the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of GDS Global. GDS Global was formerly known as GDS Global Pte Ltd and
it was incorporated on 19 July 2012. On 25 March 2013, GDS Global Pte Ltd was
converted into a public company under its present name. The Plaintiff pleaded
in his Statement of Claim (“SOC”) that GDS Global was known as Gliderol Doors
(S) Pte Ltd prior to its listing,[note: 1] but Plaintiff’s counsel conceded
that this is wrong.

(b) Gliderol Doors (S) Pte Ltd (“GDS Singapore”) – GDS Singapore was
incorporated in Singapore on 1 September 1982. GDS Singapore became a wholly-
owned subsidiary of GDS Global on 14 September 2012.

(c) Gliderol International (ME) FZE (“GME”) – GME was incorporated in the
United Arab Emirates (“UAE”) on 23 January 2007\. On 24 June 2012, GME became
a wholly-owned subsidiary of GDS Singapore.

(d) Gliderol Doors LLC (“GDL”) – GDL was incorporated in the UAE in September
2007 to market and install GME products in the UAE.

The above-mentioned companies are involved in the business of manufacturing
and selling roller shutter doors.

3 Although the only employment pleaded in the SOC is the Plaintiff’s
employment with GME, the SOC includes a claim against the First Defendant for
unfair dismissal. The Plaintiff’s SOC, affidavits and written submissions also
refer – at several points – to the First Defendant as the Plaintiff’s
employer. However, at the hearing before me, Plaintiff’s counsel confirmed
that the Plaintiff would not be proceeding on the basis that there existed an
employment contract between the Plaintiff and the First Defendant.

4 Plaintiff’s counsel confirmed that the Plaintiff’s claim against the First
Defendant is for loss and damage suffered as a result of the First Defendant’s
breach of his oral agreement with the Plaintiff. According to the Plaintiff,
he met the First Defendant in September 2006.[note: 2] The Plaintiff stated
that the First Defendant was aware that the Plaintiff, having worked and done
business in the area for many years, was well-acquainted with the Middle East.
The Plaintiff further stated that the First Defendant had represented himself
as having control of GDS Singapore and orally proposed that the Plaintiff join
him in expanding his roller shutter business in the Middle East.[note: 3]

5 Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that the oral agreement between the First
Defendant and the Plaintiff is pleaded in paras 9 and 10 of the SOC, which
read as follows:

9\. The [First Defendant] proposed a low starting salary and commission rate
for the Plaintiff’s [_sic_] in the expansion of the roller shutter business in
the Middle East. The [First Defendant] promised the Plaintiff that once GDS
Singapore and/or the companies to be incorporated with a view to expansion of
the roller shutter business in the Middle East (later on GME and/or GDL) were
sold or listed, the Plaintiff _would make a lot of money_.

_Particulars_

a. If GDS Singapore and/or the companies to be incorporated with a view to
expansion of the roller shutter business in the Middle East (later on GME
and/or GDL) were sold, the [First Defendant] said the Plaintiff would be paid
_a lump sum to make up for the loss in salary that he was suffering now_.

b. If GDS [Singapore] and/or the companies to be incorporated with a view to
expansion of the roller shutter business in the Middle East (later on GME
and/or GDL) were listed, the Plaintiff would be _paid a lump [sum] as would
all senior management of the said companies_.

c. On top of that, in the listing scenario described above, the Plaintiff
would be retained by the Gliderol group of companies in a _senior management
position and also be given a significant salary increase to match his true
market value_.

10\. The Plaintiff agreed to the above and was paid 15,000 AED per month with
2% commission on the total annual turnover of the company.

[emphasis added in italics]

6 It is important to note that a condition precedent in para 9(a) of the SOC
is the _sale_ of “GDS Singapore and/or the companies to be incorporated with a
view to expansion of the roller shutter business in the Middle East (each, a
“Relevant Company”).” In contrast, the condition precedent in both paras 9(b)
and (c) is the _listing_ of a Relevant Company.

7 The Plaintiff alleges in his SOC that he rejected other job offers with
salaries ranging from $22,000 to $27,000 per month and instead accepted the
“extremely modest package” offered by the First Defendant because of the
promises of future rewards should the Gliderol roller shutter business do
well.[note: 4] The Plaintiff alleges that he was employed by GME.[note: 5] The
Plaintiff was appointed a director of GME in 2012.[note: 6]

8 The First Defendant denies the existence of any oral agreement and avers
that the Plaintiff was not employed by GME but had only provided consultancy
services to GME.[note: 7] Further, the First Defendant states that the
Plaintiff voluntarily resigned as a director of GME on 14 January 2013.[note:
8]

The First Defendant’s application

9 The First Defendant applied to strike out the Plaintiff’s SOC under O 18 r
19(a), (b), and/or (d) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“ROC”), and/or the inherent jurisdiction of the court. Before me, First
Defendant’s counsel submitted as follows:

(a) The SOC discloses no reasonable cause of action as the terms of the oral
agreement in para 9 of the SOC are too vague to constitute a valid contract.

(b) In any event, the Plaintiff’s claim is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious,
and/or an abuse of process because the Plaintiff is bringing the claim for a
collateral purpose.

(c) Even if the Plaintiff’s claim were not struck out, paras 14, 17–30 and 34
of the SOC should be struck out as they are not relevant and are embarrassing,
scandalous, frivolous and vexatious.

Whether the SOC discloses a reasonable cause of action

10 It is not disputed that a pleading will only be struck out under O 18 r
19(1)(a) if it fails to make out a reasonable cause of action without
reference to other evidence: _Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another_
[2012] 1 SLR 457 at [112]. That said, the SOC has to be read with two things
in mind: (a) the Plaintiff’s concession that GDS Global and GDS Singapore are
two separate entities; and (b) the Plaintiff’s confirmation that his claim
against the First Defendant is based solely on the terms of the oral agreement
pleaded in paras 9 and 10 of the SOC.

11 The First Defendant submitted that the SOC does not disclose any reasonable
cause of action as (a) the alleged oral agreement is void for uncertainty; and
(b) the Plaintiff has no valid _quantum meruit_ claims.

Whether the oral agreement is void for uncertainty

12 The First Defendant submitted that the terms of the oral agreement in para
9 of the SOC are too vague to constitute a valid contract. The First Defendant
referred to the following passage in _Rudhra Minerals Pte Ltd v MRI Trading
(formerly known as CWT Integrated Services Pte Ltd)_ [2013] 4 SLR 1023 (“
_Rudhra Minerals_ ”) at [32]:

… For a contract to be valid and enforceable, its terms must be certain and
the contract must be complete. A term that is “uncertain” exists but is
otherwise incomprehensible; an agreement that is “incomplete” has certain
terms that do not (but should) exist and the non-existence of these terms make
the agreement incomprehensible: _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Andrew
Phang Boon Leong ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at para 03.145. A term is also
uncertain and a contract incomplete where there is no objective or reasonable
method of ascertaining how the term or agreement is to be carried out, thus
rendering the agreement unworkable. …

13 In _Rudhra Minerals_ , the court held that the choice of load port surveyor
was essential to the contract for the purchase of coal. The load port
surveyor’s role was to analyse samples of the cargo for conformity with
contractual specifications. The contract for the purchase of coal was held to
be void for uncertainty and incompleteness as the parties had not agreed on
the choice of load port surveyor although they had narrowed down the choice to
three load port surveyors.

14 The First Defendant also relied on _Grossner Jens v Raffles Holdings Ltd_
[2004] 1 SLR(R) 202 (“ _Grossner Jens_ ”), in which the court held there was
no binding brokerage contract as the parties had failed to agree on crucial
terms such as the scope of brokerage services to be performed and the
remuneration to be paid. The court held at [14]:

… Depending on circumstances, negotiating parties may enter into a binding
contract even though there are a few terms which have yet to be agreed upon.
This was recently reiterated by the Court of Appeal in _The Rainbow Spring_
[2003] 3 SLR(R) 362. However, the position is very different where important
terms have not been agreed upon for as Maugham LJ put it in _Foley v Classique
Coaches Ltd_ [1934] 2 KB 1 at 13, “unless all the material terms of the
contract are agreed there is no binding obligation”. In the present case, the
parties did not reach agreement on crucial terms such as the remuneration for
[the broker] if he succeeds in brokering the sale of Swissotel to Raffles and
the scope of the services to be rendered by [the broker].

15 The First Defendant submitted that, with respect to para 9 of the SOC, the
term that the Plaintiff would “make a lot of money” is clearly too vague. The
First Defendant further submitted that the particulars in para 9 are equally
uncertain for the following reasons:

(a) Paragraph 9(a) does not state what the “loss in salary” should be nor how
it is to be computed. The employment offers which the Plaintiff claimed to
have rejected only provide a range of possible salaries and there is no agreed
mechanism to decide at which point within that range the Plaintiff’s salary
should fall.

(b) Paragraph 9(b) does not state what the lump sum to be paid should be or
who in “senior management” the Plaintiff should be pegged to. There is also no
agreed mechanism on how the lump sum should be computed.

(c) Paragraph 9(c) does not state what “senior management position” the
Plaintiff should be appointed to. There is no agreed mechanism to decide how
this “senior management position” is to be identified; neither is there a
mechanism to determine the Plaintiff’s “true market value”.

16 The Plaintiff did not dispute the materiality of the terms set out in para
9 of the SOC but submitted that they are not uncertain even though some terms
have not been worked out in detail. In his written submissions, the Plaintiff
accepted the principle that where a term is to be determined in the future,
the contract itself must provide the means for the ascertainment of that term.
However, the Plaintiff’s written submissions did not explain how the omitted
details in para 9 of the SOC are to be ascertained.

17 Plaintiff’s counsel was unable to clarify this during his oral submissions.
With respect to para 9(a) of the SOC, he referred to the range of salary
offers that the Plaintiff claimed to have received and rejected. However, he
conceded that the terms of the pleaded oral agreement did not specify who was
to decide precisely how much the Plaintiff was to be paid.

18 As for para 9(b) of the SOC, Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that the lump
sum would be pegged to what “senior management” is given. However, he was
unable to say who comprised “senior management” or how it was to be decided
which individual in “senior management” the Plaintiff was to be pegged to for
purposes of his entitlement to be paid a lump sum.

19 Plaintiff’s counsel was also unable to shed light on which company in the
Gliderol group the Plaintiff was to be given a “senior management position” in
for purposes of para 9(c) of the SOC. He was also unable to explain which
“senior management position” the Plaintiff was to be retained in or the salary
increment the Plaintiff was to receive. All he could say was that parties
would have to agree later on which senior position the Plaintiff should be
given.

20 I agreed with the First Defendant’s submissions that the terms of the oral
agreement as set out in para 9 of the SOC are too uncertain to constitute a
binding agreement. Essential details are missing and there is no mechanism to
ascertain these details. Plaintiff’s counsel’s submission in respect of para
9(c) that parties would have to “agree later” was an admission that there was
nothing more than an agreement to agree. It is trite that an agreement to
agree is not enforceable. I would add that although the Plaintiff had provided
a range of salaries, that does not suffice to make the term in para 9(a) of
the SOC certain since there is no agreed mechanism to decide on a salary
_within_ that range. This is similar to _Rudhra Minerals_ , where the choice
of load port surveyors had been narrowed down to three but that did not save
the contract since there was no agreed mechanism as to how the choice was to
be made. The alleged oral agreement is therefore void for uncertainty.

21 I should point out that, during the hearing before me, both parties seemed
to have proceeded on the assumption that the listing of GDS Global satisfied
the condition precedent in paras 9(b) and (c) of the SOC. However, in view of
the Plaintiff’s mistake as to the relationship between GDS Global and GDS
Singapore (see [2(a)] above), it is not clear whether the expression “GDS
Singapore” in the SOC (in particular para 9) is intended to be a reference to
GDS Global Limited or to Gliderol Doors (S) Pte Ltd. This is an important
point. GDS Global was listed; Gliderol Doors (S) Pte Ltd was not. It is also
not clear whether GDS Global is a Relevant Company for the purposes of paras
9(b) and (c) since it is unclear from the SOC whether GDS Global had been
“incorporated with a view to expansion of the roller shutter business in the
Middle East”. Furthermore, it is not clear whether the Relevant Companies are
limited to only to GDS Singapore, GME and GDL. Since these issues were not
raised or argued during the hearing before me, they did not feature in my
decision and I shall say no more about them.

Whether the quantum meruit claims are valid

22 The Plaintiff submitted that, although the sums to be paid under para 9 of
the SOC are not quantified, he has pleaded _quantum meruit_ and this should
allow him to recover a reasonable sum as remuneration for work done for the
First Defendant.[note: 9] It is necessary to first understand how the
Plaintiff’s claim in _quantum_ meruit is pleaded.

23 Paragraphs 35-36 of the SOC read as follows:

35 As a result of the [First Defendant’s] breaches of promises made to the
Plaintiff, the Plaintiff has suffered loss and damage.

36 The Plaintiff was never paid a lump sum payout on listing as promised. He
was never given the salary increase to match his contribution and experience
as promised. The Plaintiff was also terminated without cause or notice. The
Plaintiff has therefore suffered loss as he had acted in reliance of the
[First Defendant’s] promises.

**_PARTICULARS_**

a. The Plaintiff worked for 7 years and 2 months on a reduced salary in
reliance on the [First Defendant’s] promise that he would be adequately
compensated. The Plaintiff received only AED15,000 for the most part of this
period when his salary should have been approximately AED60,000 or more.

b. The Plaintiff sacrificed bonuses over the course of this 7 years and 2
months during which the average bonus payment in Dubai was AED180,000 per
year.

c. The Plaintiff was unfairly dismissed from his employment without cause or
notice. The Plaintiff is of the view that the minimum notice that an employee
of the Plaintiff’s position would be entitled to receive is 3 months.

24 The reliefs claimed by the Plaintiff include the following heads of claim:

1\. A sum of AED45,000 per month over the course of 7 years and 2 months which
works out to the sum of AED3,870,000 or SGD1,336,772.64 _in the alternative,
quantum meruit for this period of employment_ ;

2\. A bonus payment of 3 months per year over the course of 7 years and 2
months based on the average salary of AED60,000 per month which works out to
AED429,999.99 or SGD148,553.70 _in the alternative, quantum meruit for this
period of employment_ ;

3\. The payout on listing of [GDS Global] that an employee of the Plaintiff’s
seniority would have received;

4\. Damages for unfair dismissal;

[emphasis added]

25 There are two preliminary points to note:

(a) The Plaintiff has confirmed that his claim is based solely on the oral
agreement pleaded in para 9 of the SOC, and not on any employment contract.
The claims relating to unfair dismissal are therefore to be disregarded.

(b) The amount of AED429,999.99 stated in the second head of claim seems to
have been computed wrongly. Bonus of 3 months per year over a period of 7
years 2 months at AED60,000 per month would work out to approximately
AED1,290,000. The amount stated in the Plaintiff’s claim seems to have been
computed based on a bonus of AED60,000 (_ie_ , one month) per year.

26 The first and second heads of claim are clearly referable to the
Plaintiff’s losses particularised in paras 36a and b of the SOC (see [23]
above). In turn, these losses are referable to the Plaintiff’s claims for
“loss in salary” pursuant to the term pleaded in para 9(a) of the SOC (see [5]
above). The Plaintiff’s claims in _quantum meruit_ are thus alternative claims
in respect of para 9(a) of the SOC.

27 The way the Plaintiff’s _quantum meruit_ claims arise seem to be as
follows. The Plaintiff first claims that, under the term in para 9(a) of the
SOC, the agreement was to compensate him for his loss of salary which is to be
quantified based on the difference between the salary he alleges he was paid
by GME and the salary that he alleges he could have earned if he had taken
alternative employment. In the alternative, the Plaintiff claims in _quantum
meruit_ on the ground that the agreement under para 9(a) was to pay him an
unquantified sum to compensate him for his loss in salary. Since the amount
has not been quantified, he is entitled to be paid a reasonable sum.

28 The First Defendant submitted that there cannot be a claim in _quantum
meruit_ since the terms of the oral agreement in para 9 of the SOC expressly
provide for specific rewards to the Plaintiff upon the sale or listing of a
Relevant Company. The First Defendant relied on certain passages in _Grossner
Jens_ at [41] and _Rabiah Bee bte Mohamed Ibrahim v Salem Ibrahim_ [2007] 2
SLR(R) 655 at [123] (“ _Rabiah_ ”). These passages stand for the proposition
that there cannot be a claim in _quantum meruit_ as to matters that are
expressly covered by a contract. In my view, this argument by the First
Defendant fails. The Plaintiff’s argument is that he is entitled to payment of
a reasonable sum on the ground that under para 9(a), the agreement to pay him
a lump sum for his loss in salary is silent as to the quantum. This _quantum
meruit_ claim is contractual in nature. As explained in _Rabiah_ at [123]:

…Where there is an express or implied contract which is silent on the quantum
of remuneration or where there is a contract which states that there should be
remuneration but does not fix the quantum, the claim in quantum meruit will be
contractual in nature.

29 The First Defendant next submitted that the Plaintiff cannot claim an
agreement to be compensated a reasonable sum as this is inconsistent with his
claim that there is an express agreement to compensate him specific sums on
the happening of the sale or listing of a Relevant Company. The First
Defendant relied on _Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan_ [2011] 1 SLR 457. In
that case, the Court of Appeal held as follows (at [37]):

… While the pleader should be free to plead inconsistent causes of action in
the alternative, the inconsistency cannot – particularly in relation to the
facts pleaded – offend common sense. One obvious example of an inconsistency
that will offend common sense is when the pleader has actual knowledge of
which alternative is true…

In my view, this submission by the First Defendant also fails. I do not see
any inconsistency that offends common sense in the Plaintiff’s claims in
_quantum meruit_ (see [27] above).

30 However, that is not the end of the matter. As stated in [6], a condition
precedent under para 9(a) of the SOC is the _sale_ of a Relevant Company. As
can be seen from the SOC, the Plaintiff’s case is premised on the listing of
GDS Global and not on the sale of a Relevant Company. Any entitlement that the
Plaintiff may have to any payment under para 9(a) simply has not arisen since
the condition precedent has not been met. In the circumstances, it is clear
that the Plaintiff’s _quantum meruit_ claims are obviously unsustainable.

Whether the Plaintiff’s claim is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious, and/or an
abuse of process

31 It is well established that a claim may be struck out for being frivolous
or vexatious under O 18 r 19(1)(b) if it is legally or factually unsustainable
(_The “Bunga Melati 5”_ [2012] 4 SLR 546 at [38] and [39]). A claim that is
obviously unsustainable would also be struck out for being an abuse of process
under O 18 r 19(1)(d). For the same reasons discussed earlier (see [20] and
[30] above), the Plaintiff’s claims are legally unsustainable and may also be
struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(b) and/or (d).

32 However, the First Defendant relied on O 18 r 19(1)(b) and (d) for a
different reason. The First Defendant submitted that the claim should be
struck out on these grounds because the Plaintiff is bringing the claim for a
collateral reason. The First Defendant submitted that the Plaintiff had
elected to sue the First Defendant in Singapore because he wished to avoid
suing GME in the UAE. The First Defendant averred that the Plaintiff was a
sponsored employee of a company called Sujai General Trading LLC and could not
legally work for any other entity. On that basis, he argued that the Plaintiff
would run the risk of being exposed to UAE laws and penalties for being
unlawfully employed by GME should he bring suit in the UAE.

33 The First Defendant also submitted that statements in the Plaintiff’s
affidavits revealed the Plaintiff’s propensity for making wild and baseless
claims, supporting the argument that the Plaintiff was abusing the court
process in this case.

34 I disagreed with the First Defendant’s submissions. First, even if it were
true that the Plaintiff intended to avoid suing GME in the UAE, that did not
mean that his claim against the First Defendant in Singapore is therefore
scandalous, frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of process. The Plaintiff’s claim
against the First Defendant falls to be decided on its merits. If the
Plaintiff does not have a good claim against the First Defendant, his claim
fails on that ground. If the Plaintiff has a meritorious claim against the
First Defendant, I did not see why it was relevant whether the Plaintiff had
deliberately intended to avoid suing GME in the UAE. Second, the fact that the
Plaintiff had (allegedly) made baseless claims cannot of itself be
determinative of the fact that the _present claim_ was an abuse of process.

Whether paragraphs 14, 17–30 and 34 of the SOC should be struck out

35 The First Defendant submitted that even if the Plaintiff’s claim were not
struck out in its entirety, paras 14, 17–30 and 34 of the SOC should
nevertheless be struck out as they are not relevant and are embarrassing,
scandalous, frivolous and vexatious.

36 The paragraphs in question make allegations of impropriety and/or illegal
conduct against the First Defendant, his lawyers and other advisors. The First
Defendant’s submission was that these allegations were not necessary for
purposes of the Plaintiff’s claim. In view of my decision to strike out the
Plaintiff’s claim, it is not necessary for me to decide this point.

Conclusion

37 The alleged oral agreement pleaded in para 9 of the SOC is clearly void for
uncertainty so the Plaintiff’s claims, which are founded on this agreement,
are legally unsustainable. Further, the Plaintiff’s claims in _quantum meruit_
are obviously unsustainable as pleaded. In the circumstances, I allowed the
appeal and ordered that the Plaintiff’s claim be struck out. Consequently, I
ordered that the Plaintiff pay the First Defendant’s costs here and below
fixed at $5,500 plus reasonable disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]SOC at para 3.

[note: 2]SOC at para 7.

[note: 3]SOC at para 8.

[note: 4]SOC at para 12.

[note: 5]SOC at para 13.

[note: 6]SOC at para 20.

[note: 7]Defence at paras 11 & 15.

[note: 8]Defence at para 8.3.

[note: 9]Pf’s Written Submissions at para 67.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 May 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

