Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd _v_ Soup Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly
known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway Point) Pte Ltd)  
[2015] SGCA 55

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 193 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Gim Hai Adrian, Ong Pei Ching, Loh Jien Li and Lim
Siok Khoon (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the appellant; Edwin Tong SC,
Kenneth Lim Tao Chung, Lee May Ling and Chua Xinying (Allen & Gledhill LLP)
for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Y.E.S. F&B GROUP PTE LTD — SOUP RESTAURANT SINGAPORE PTE LTD
(PREVIOUSLY KNOWN AS SOUP RESTAURANT (CAUSEWAY POINT) PTE LTD)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2014] SGHC 246.]

2 October 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Not surprisingly, the issue of interpretation has – in the nature of things
– always been a central one in the common law of contract. As Lord Steyn aptly
observed in an extrajudicial context (in “Contract Law: Fulfilling the
Reasonable Expectations of Honest Men” (1997) 113 LQR 433 at 439), “[d]isputes
about the meaning of contracts is one of the largest sources of contractual
litigation”.

2 Indeed, if the relatively recent proliferation of extremely scholarly texts
on this particular issue from both England and Australia by an eminent judge
as well as eminent professors and practitioners is anything to go by (see, for
example, Sir Kim Lewison, _The Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
5th Ed, 2011) (adapted for Australia in Sir Kim Lewison & David Hughes, _The
Interpretation of Contracts in Australia_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2011)); Gerard
McMeel, _The Construction of Contracts – Interpretation, Implication, and
Rectification_ (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2011); Richard Calnan,
_Principles of Contractual Interpretation_ (Oxford University Press, 2013);
and J W Carter, _The Construction of Commercial Contracts_ (Hart Publishing,
2013)), this issue has become even more important in recent times. In the
final analysis, however, much depends – as this court has observed in
_Fairview Developments Pte Ltd v Ong & Ong Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2014]
2 SLR 318 (“ _Fairview Developments_ ”) at [47] (see below at [30]) – on _both
the_** __text__**** _as well as_** _the_** __context__** of the contract. This
is no mere catchphrase. In our view, it captures _the essence_ of what the
court does – _and_ ought to do – in the context of the **_interpretation_** of
contracts. However, since the context of each case can vary so greatly, much
of the difficulty for the court concerned lies in the sphere of
**__application__**. The present appeal is yet another illustration in this
particular regard.

The background facts

The parties

3 The appellant, Y.E.S F&B Group Pte Ltd (“YES”), was the defendant in the
proceedings below. It is a Singapore incorporated company in the business of
running food and beverage outlets, in particular, a chain of Chinese
restaurants under the name _Dian Xiao Er_. YES was incorporated in 2002. It
was founded by the husband and wife team of Mr Yik Kuen Koon (“Yik”) – who
appeared as the sole witness for YES in the trial below – and Ms Eliza Gunawan
(“Eliza”). They are the current shareholders and directors of YES.

4 The respondent, Soup Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (“Soup”), was the
plaintiff in the proceedings below. It is also a Singapore incorporated
company which operates a chain of Chinese restaurants. These restaurants are
run under the name _Soup Restaurant_. Soup is wholly-owned by its parent
company, Soup Restaurant Group Limited (“SRGL”). Mr Mok Yip Peng (“Mok”), a
director of Soup, appeared as its only witness in the trial below.

5 Today, YES and Soup are _competitors_ in the food and beverage industry.
However, it is important to bear in mind that, when the contract which is the
subject of the present appeal was entered into (in October 2009 (see below at
[13])), the complexion of their relationship was very different. At that time,
YES and Soup were in fact _related companies_ within the same corporate
structure. By way of background, their previous relationship as sister
companies began sometime in 2006. This was when SRGL and another of its
subsidiaries, Soup Restaurant Investments Pte Ltd (“SRI”), acquired a majority
stake of 50.98% in YES, thereby bringing YES into the SRGL group of companies,
which included Soup. Yik and Eliza held the remaining 49.02% of shares in YES
pursuant to this acquisition. However, as will become apparent in due course,
fractures in the SRGL corporate group began to emerge in early 2010 and, by
June 2012, Yik and Eliza had bought over all of SRGL and SRI’s shareholding in
YES; this was done pursuant to a settlement agreement that had been entered
into to resolve a minority oppression suit commenced by Yik and Eliza (see
below at [18]–[19]). The corporate relationship between YES and Soup was thus
brought to a formal end, and this explains their present-day status as
competitors.

6 The competition between the parties today is particularly evident in the
shopping mall known as Vivocity where they occupy adjacent units under their
respective leases with the landlord. At present, YES operates its _Dian Xiao
Er_ restaurant out of Unit #02-137/138 (“Unit 137”) while Soup operates its
_Soup Restaurant_ business out of the neighbouring Unit #02-141 (“Unit 141”).
However, this has not always been the case. At one point, when the
relationship between the parties as sister companies was still good, they had
entered into a sub-lease agreement pertaining to a part of Unit 141 with Soup
as the sub-lessor and YES as the sub-lessee. Essentially, that agreement
allowed for the space in Unit 141 to be shared and it is the interpretation of
the terms of this agreement – in particular, for the purpose of discerning the
_duration_ for which it remains valid and subsisting – that forms the central
focus of this appeal. The context surrounding the execution of this sub-lease
agreement is, as alluded to earlier, of utmost importance; hence we turn to
set out the relevant factual matrix in that regard.

YES’s lease of Unit 137

7 YES was first to set up shop in Vivocity. This was sometime in October 2006
when it entered into a lease with the landlord to operate a _Dian Xiao Er_
outlet. This lease was for a period of three years and so expired in October
2009. However, it did contain an option to renew for a further period of three
years.

8 At the end of the aforementioned lease, the option was exercised by YES upon
which it entered into a second lease with the landlord for Unit 137. For
reasons which will become apparent later, it is of some importance to note two
aspects of this second lease – first, that its expiry date was fixed as at 6
October 2012 and, secondly, that, unlike YES’s initial lease in 2006, this
subsequent lease did not contain an option to renew.

9 Presently, YES occupies Unit 137 on the terms set out in a third lease. This
was negotiated with the landlord at the expiry of the second lease.

Soup’s lease of Unit 141

10 It is undisputed that, during the period of YES’s first lease (which began
in 2006), its _Dian Xiao Er_ outlet performed well. Therefore, sometime in
April 2009, which was prior to the expiry of the said lease, the landlord
offered YES the opportunity to expand its pre-existing business at Unit 137 by
taking up a new lease of the adjoining Unit 141. YES was keen on the idea of
expanding its business and approached Soup to inform the latter about the
landlord’s offer. YES and Soup, it should be mentioned, were already sister
companies by this time. Discussions ensued between the parties. Importantly,
it appears that Soup did not need the entire premises at Unit 141 as it
expressed only an interest to be the main tenant of Unit 141; in this
connection, Soup seemed happy to accommodate YES’s interest in expanding its
pre-existing outlet at Unit 137 as Soup was willing to set aside a part of
Unit 141 for YES’s use.

11 Based on the understanding reached in these discussions, Yik (of YES)
brought Mok (of Soup) to meet representatives of the landlord in respect of
Unit 141. It was duly made known to the landlord that Soup intended to lease
Unit 141 to operate a _Soup Restaurant_ outlet but that a part of this unit
would be sub-leased to YES to expand its existing _Dian Xiao Er_ outlet from
Unit 137. In this last-mentioned regard, it is important to note that an email
from Soup to the landlord dated 1 July 2009 demonstrates that Soup was aware
that YES also had _specific_ designs for its additional space in Unit 141,
namely, that it was to be used for the expansion of _Dian Xiao Er’s_ kitchen
and VIP rooms. Indeed, it was only after Soup had (as evidenced by this email)
obtained the landlord’s confirmation that YES could use the additional space
for this purpose that it (_ie_ , Soup) accepted the landlord’s letter of offer
dated 19 June 2009 for the lease of Unit 141.

12 The said letter of offer was subsequently reduced into a formal lease
agreement dated 11 October 2010 (“the 2010 Lease Agreement”). Its terms
provided that Soup’s lease of Unit 141 was for a three year term, commencing
on 19 October 2009 and expiring on 18 October 2012. It also provided that the
fixed rent (inclusive of GST) payable would be $42,117.28 per month.

Soup sub-leases a part of Unit 141 to YES

13 On the same day that Soup’s lease of Unit 141 commenced under the 2010
Lease Agreement, _viz_ , 19 October 2009, it also entered into a sub-lease
agreement with YES (“the Sub-Lease Agreement”) to let out a strip of Unit 141
amounting to an area of 742.70 square feet (“the Sub-Leased Premises”). This
was done pursuant to the parties’ agreement to share Unit 141 which, as stated
above, Soup had communicated to the landlord prior to accepting the 19 June
2009 letter of offer.

14 The Sub-Lease Agreement is a simple two-page document. According to Mok, it
was drafted by the company secretary of Soup, and apparently without any legal
assistance. As the terms of this agreement are central to the present dispute,
we set them out here in their entirety:

1\. Soup Restaurant (Causeway Point) Pte Ltd (the “Company”) had entered into
an agreement (the “Agreement”) with VivoCity Pte Ltd as trustee of VivoCity
Trust (the “Landlord”) on 19 June 2009 in respect of the lease of 1
HarbourFront Walk #02-141 VivoCity S(098585) to operate both “Soup Restaurant”
and “Dian Xiao Er” (“DXE”) brands.

2\. Y.E.S F & B Group Pte Ltd (“YES”) had sub-leased a part of the above space
to operate DXE with the consent from the Landlord.

3\. By entering into this agreement, YES agrees:

i) To be bounded by the same terms and conditions in the lease agreement
between the Company and the Landlord on a back-to-back basis; and

ii) To pay the Company a monthly fixed rental of $9,284.64 (excluding
prevailing GST) for an area of 742.70 square feet in advance on the first day
of each month without demand.

4\. _This agreement shall survive as long as_** _the Company’s lease_** _with
the Landlord is not terminated._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

15 The construction of cl 4 is the subject of much disagreement between the
parties, in particular, the meaning to be attributed to the term “ _the
Company’s lease_ ”. What does this refer to? It was clear that the choice
between the parties essentially boiled down to what, in broad terms, may be
described as either a _generic_ lease or a _particular_ lease. At this
juncture, it is convenient to elaborate upon the parties’ respective
positions:

(a) Soup preferred the narrower interpretation of cl 4. According to Soup,
“the Company’s lease” in cl 4 referred specifically to _that particular lease_
which was in force between Soup and the landlord at the time the Sub-Lease
Agreement was entered into, namely, the lease that was later formalised in the
2010 Lease Agreement. Soup therefore submitted that, by cl 4, the Sub-Lease
Agreement terminated in tandem with the expiry of the 2010 Lease Agreement on
18 October 2012. From that point onwards, Soup argued that YES’s continued
occupation of the Sub-Leased Premises, despite Soup’s requests for vacant
possession (see below at [22]), was wrongful and thus claimed for damages
flowing therefrom.

(b) YES adopted the alternative interpretation of cl 4. According to YES, “the
Company’s lease” in cl 4 was, in a sense, a blanket term that was not tied to
any one particular lease – it was, instead, a broad reference to _any lease_
which Soup had with the landlord in respect of Unit 141. The practical
consequence of this reading of cl 4 was that, so long as Soup continued to
lease Unit 141 from the landlord, Soup was in turn obliged to sub-lease the
Sub-Leased Premises to YES on terms, as cl 3(i) makes clear, which were back-
to-back with the head lease in force for the time being. On this view, YES
submitted that Soup had no basis for demanding vacant possession of the Sub-
Leased Premises from 18 October 2012 onwards because Soup had entered into a
fresh lease for Unit 141 with the landlord (which expires only in April 2016
(see below at [26])); hence the Sub-Lease Agreement remained valid and
subsisting by virtue of cl 4.

16 Which of these interpretations is correct is the central issue in this
appeal. For the moment, though, we return to our narration of the facts.

17 Following on from the entry into the Sub-Lease Agreement, renovation works
to extend _Dian Xiao Er’s_ VIP rooms and kitchen were, as contemplated by the
parties, duly commenced on the Sub-Leased Premises. These works took place in
November 2009 and the total cost came up to the not insubstantial sum of about
$210,000. This sum was paid by YES but it appears from the evidence that Soup
was very much involved in the renovations of the Sub-Leased Premises as well.
For example, an email dated 2 November 2009 demonstrates that it was Soup
which had requested the landlord’s permission for renovation works to be
carried out on the Sub-Leased Premises. Further, in a separate email
correspondence, it also appears that Soup made payment of the security deposit
for the renovation works before seeking reimbursement from YES. This is
reflective of the parties’ then-existing good commercial relationship.

The minority oppression suit

18 However, not long after the renovation works were completed, the
relationship between Soup and YES turned sour. In February 2010, Yik and Eliza
were removed as directors of YES while Mok was appointed as its Chief
Executive Officer. This led to a minority oppression suit commenced by Yik and
Eliza against YES, SRGL and SRI on 4 November 2010. It is relevant to note,
however, that Soup was not a party to this action.

19 The minority oppression suit was eventually resolved on 14 June 2012. This
was when all the relevant parties (which did not include Soup) entered into a
settlement agreement (“the Settlement Agreement”). It bears highlighting cl
5.4 of this agreement, which reads as follows:

… [T]he Parties agree that the sub-leases in respect of the Dian Xiao Er
outlets at the following locations shall not be terminated and shall continue
up to the expiry of the current sub-leases without any change in the terms
thereof:-

_Outlet Location_ |  _Current Expiry Date_  
---|---  
Ang Mo Kio Hub |  17 January 2013  
Vivocity |  _6 October 2012_  
  
  

[emphasis added in italics]

20 It will be noticed from the preceding paragraph that the expiry date of the
Sub-Lease Agreement was stated in cl 5.4 of the Settlement Agreement as 6
October 2012; this is different from the date on which Soup’s head lease for
Unit 141 was due to expire (_viz_ , 18 October 2012) but mirrors exactly the
expiry date of YES’s second lease for Unit 137 (see above at [8]). This point
is of some relevance to Soup’s submissions on appeal and we will return to
elaborate on it in due course. For present purposes, it suffices to note that
the 6 October 2012 expiry date in the Settlement Agreement was the original
basis upon which Soup commenced the present action although, as alluded to at
[15(a)] above, its claim finally came to rest on the wording in cl 4 of the
Sub-Lease Agreement. This appears clearly from the procedural history of this
matter.

21 Before turning to the procedural history, it should be mentioned for
completeness that YES has since handed over the Sub-Leased Premises to Soup.
This was pursuant to an offer made by YES, without admission of liability, on
22 May 2014. Soup accepted this offer and the handover was completed on 1
October 2014.

The procedural history

22 On 1 October 2012, Soup’s solicitors wrote to YES, giving the latter notice
to deliver vacant possession of the Sub-Leased Premises by 6 October 2012. YES
did not comply with the notice and, after some further correspondence between
the parties’ solicitors, Soup commenced these proceedings on 22 October 2012.

23 In its original Statement of Claim, Soup pleaded that, pursuant to cl 5.4
of the Settlement Agreement, the Sub-Lease Agreement had expired by effluxion
of time on 6 October 2012. Accordingly, Soup claimed that, by wrongfully
refusing to yield up possession of the Sub-Leased Premises, YES was retaining
possession of it as a trespasser. Soup thus sought, _inter alia_ , vacant
possession of the Sub-Leased Premises and damages.

24 During the course of proceedings, YES applied to strike out Soup’s claim
and this interlocutory matter came before Tay Yong Kwang J who made the
observation that Soup was not a party to the Settlement Agreement; hence its
reliance on that agreement appeared to raise an issue of privity.
Nevertheless, Tay J refrained from striking out Soup’s entire claim because,
by then, Soup had proposed amendments to its original Statement of Claim,
pleading the Settlement Agreement as an alternative basis for its claim of
wrongful occupation while premising its claim primarily on cl 4 of the Sub-
Lease Agreement. Tay J therefore ordered Soup to delete all references to the
Settlement Agreement and refused to strike out Soup’s entire claim.

The pleadings

25 In its Statement of Claim amended pursuant to Tay J’s order, Soup duly
removed all references to the Settlement Agreement. Its case was now based
entirely on the Sub-Lease Agreement, the duration of which, as elaborated
above at [15(a)], it further claimed was tied by cl 4 to the 2010 Lease
Agreement. Since the 2010 Lease Agreement expired on 18 October 2012, Soup
argued that so too did the Sub-Lease Agreement.

26 YES pleaded, on the other hand, that the Sub-Lease Agreement did not cease
to have effect on 18 October 2012. This was because, prior to the expiry of
the 2010 Lease Agreement, Soup had reached an agreement with the landlord over
the renewal of its lease for Unit 141, which later came to be formalised in an
agreement dated 26 November 2012. This new lease is the lease upon which Soup
continues to occupy Unit 141 at present. It is for a term of three and a half
years, commencing on 19 October 2012 and expiring only on 30 April 2016. Since
YES understood cl 4 of the Sub-Lease Agreement as entitling it to possession
of the Sub-Leased Premises for as long as Soup leased Unit 141 from the
landlord, its case, given Soup’s renewal of the head lease, was that the Sub-
Lease Agreement continued in force beyond 18 October 2012.

The decision below

27 The Judge below agreed with Soup’s construction of the Sub-Lease Agreement;
hence he arrived at the conclusion that this agreement terminated on 18
October 2012 (in tandem with the 2010 Lease Agreement) and, accordingly, that
YES was in wrongful possession of the Sub-Leased Premises therefrom and liable
to pay damages (see _Soup Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Soup
Restaurant (Causeway Point) Pte Ltd) v Y.E.S. F &B Group Pte Ltd_ [2014] SGHC
246 (“the Judgment”)). The essence of the Judge’s reasoning may be found at
[17] of the Judgment, where he observed as follows:

… [T]he Head Lease [_ie_ , the 2010 Lease Agreement] commenced on 19 October
2009 and terminated by effluxion of time on 18 October 2012 when its three-
year term came to an end. It follows that the sub-lease also terminated on 18
October 2012 because:

(a) cl 1 of the sub-lease agreement refers to the Head Lease and not to any
other lease agreement;

(b) Schedule 1 of the Head Lease states that the term of the Head Lease was
for three years and expired on 18 October 2012;

(c) in law, the existence of a sub-lease is premised on the subsistence of the
head lease from which it is derived (see [13] above); and

(d) cl 4 of the sub-lease agreement acknowledges the legal position stated
above …, _ie_ , the sub-lease would end upon the termination of the Head
Lease.

Our decision

28 The crux of both parties’ arguments on appeal remain broadly the same – YES
continues to advance the interpretation that “the Company’s lease” in cl 4 of
the Sub-Lease Agreement refers to a _generic_ head lease for Unit 141, while
Soup stands by its view (as adopted by the Judge below) that the duration of
the Sub-Lease Agreement is tied to the _particular_ head lease that was in
force at the time of entry into the Sub-Lease Agreement, _viz_ , the lease as
embodied in the 2010 Lease Agreement (see above at [15]).

29 In order to determine which of these contrasting interpretations is
correct, it is no doubt important to first have regard to the applicable
principles that govern the interpretation of contracts.

The applicable principles

The principles stated

30 As already alluded to at the outset of this judgment, what is crucial in
relation to the resolution of the present appeal is a nuanced consideration of
both the text as well as the context of the contract in question, _viz_ , the
Sub-Lease Agreement. As this court observed in _Fairview Developments_ (at
[47]):

The reality is that there is often more than one immutable meaning to words,
and _a fortiori_ , to phrases (see the decision of this court in [_PT Bakrie
Investindo v Global Distressed Alpha Fund 1 Ltd Partnership_ [2013] 4 SLR
1116] at [1]–[3]). When faced with rival meanings, the court must, in carrying
out its role of giving effect to the objective intentions of the contracting
parties, consider the relevant contractual, contextual and commercial
background against which the document containing the disputed words and
phrases came about. This can be summed up in the fundamental principle
referred to above (at [4]), _viz_ , _text and context_ (and on the concept of
context, see generally J W Carter, _The Construction of Commercial Contracts_
(Hart Publishing, 2013) at chs 6 and 7). [emphasis in original]

31 It is, of course, not inconceivable that the _text_ itself might be _plain
and unambiguous inasmuch as it admits of one clear meaning_. Correlatively,
this would also mean that there is a _coincidence_ between both text and
context inasmuch as there is nothing untoward in the context which militates
against what is the plain language of the text itself. But what if the meaning
of the text concerned is plain and unambiguous but would lead to an absurd
result (based on the objective evidence available (this would include, in a
commercial case, arriving at a result which demonstrated an absence of
business common sense))? As we shall see, this is not the situation in the
present appeal as the relevant contractual text is _not_ , in fact, plain and
unambiguous. However, we should think – at least by way of a preliminary
observation – that, in such a situation, the court concerned ought to
undertake a very careful analysis of the text and context in order to
ascertain whether the text is indeed plain and unambiguous. It seems to us
that, if the text is in fact plain and unambiguous, giving effect to it would
usually _not_ (simultaneously) engender an _absurd_ result. Indeed, should an
absurd result ensue, this would, in our view, be a strong indication that the
text concerned is probably _inconsistent with_ the relevant _context_. The
question then arises as to whether or not, _having regard to the relevant
context_ , the text (on a _re_ -examination) is in fact as plain and
unambiguous as was originally _thought_ to be the case (see also the
observations of this court in _Sandar Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte
Ltd (trading as Mount Elizabeth Hospital) and another_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 891 at
[29]). We do note, however, that there may be _exceptional cases_ where the
text is so clearly plain and unambiguous that the court is compelled to give
effect to the meaning contained therein, _notwithstanding_ that an _absurd_
result would ensue (a point which we deal with in more detail in _the next
paragraph_). Nevertheless, we are also of the view that, in the nature of
things, this would be _an extremely rare_ situation – not least because the
law ought generally to lead to a _just and fair_ result (as opposed to an
_absurd_ one). As we note below (at [35]), both text and context tend to
_interact_ with each other and that the courts ought therefore to eschew an
excessively formulaic and/or mechanistic approach.

32 _However_ , _an important caveat_ is necessary at this particular juncture:
there must be a _balance_ between the text and the context. In other words,
the context _cannot_ be utilised as an excuse by the court concerned to
_rewrite_ the terms of the contract according to _its_ (_subjective_) view of
what it thinks the result ought to be in the case at hand. To this end, the
court must always base its decision on _objective_ evidence. More
specifically, whilst there is a need to avoid an absurd result, this aim
cannot be pursued at all costs; it must necessarily give way if the objective
evidence clearly bears out a **_causative connection_** between the absurd
result or consequences on the one hand and the intention of the parties at the
time they entered into the contract on the other. What we mean by this,
essentially, is that if the objective evidence demonstrates that the parties
had contemplated the absurd result or consequence, the court is not free to
disregard this to reach what may seem to it to be a more commercially sensible
interpretation of the contract. Avoiding an absurd result is thus **_one
factor_** (albeit a not unimportant one) which is considered in the entire
process of interpretation by the court. Put simply, the court **_must_**
ascertain, based on **_all the relevant objective evidence_** , **_the
intention of the parties_**** __at the time they entered into the
contract__**. In this regard, the court should **_ordinarily_** start from the
working position that the parties did not intend that the term(s) concerned
were to produce an absurd result. _However_ , this is _only_ a _starting
point_ – _and no more_. It might, for example, well be the case that the
_objective_ evidence demonstrates that the parties were _aware of_ the absurd
result that might ensue from the said term(s), but _nevertheless proceeded_ to
enter into the contract in question (this was indeed what was, in effect, the
finding of the majority of the court in the recent UK Supreme Court decision
of _Arnold v Britton and others_ [2015] 2 WLR 1593 (“ _Arnold_ ”), which we
will consider in a little more detail below). In this last-mentioned
situation, the fact that an absurd result might ensue is **_irrelevant_**
inasmuch as the **_causative connection_** referred to above is
**__present__**. It bears reiterating that what the court _cannot_ do is to
_ignore and disregard_ the _intention of the parties_ (based on the objective
evidence), thus _rewriting_ the term(s) of the contract for them based on _the
court’s_ (_subjective_) view of what is just and fair by way of looking at an
absurd result through the lenses of _ex post facto_ rationalisation when,
_instead_ , the parties were, on the objective evidence, perfectly cognisant
of the possibility of an absurd result ensuing _at the time they entered into
the contract (but nevertheless chose to proceed with entry into the said
contract)_. Admittedly, the line between interpreting the terms of a contract
and rewriting it is a very fine one, and much will, in the final analysis,
depend upon _the precise facts and context_ before the court (as _manifested
in the objective evidence_ itself). Finally, it should also never be forgotten
that, although the relevant context is also important, the **_text_** ought
always to be **_the first port of call_** for the court (see also the
Singapore High Court decision of _HSBC Trustee (Singapore) Ltd v Lucky Realty
Co Pte Ltd_ [2015] 3 SLR 885 (“ _HSBC Trustee_ ”) at [59] (citing the decision
of this court in _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior
Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“ _Zurich Insurance_ ”)
at [57]) as well as _per_ Lord Hope DP in the UK Supreme Court decision in
_Multi-Link Leisure Developments Ltd v North Lanarkshire Council_ [2011] 1 All
ER 175 (“ _Multi-Link Leisure Developments_ ”) at [11]).

33 It is also very important to emphasise that the role of context set out in
the preceding two paragraphs relates _only_ to the need to place the court in
the position of the party which drafted the instrument and _not_ the drafter’s
subjective intention as such (a distinction which was emphasised by this court
in _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal_
[2013] 4 SLR 193 (“ _Sembcorp Marine_ ”) (see below at [40])).

34 On the _opposite end_ of the spectrum, the _text_ concerned might itself be
_ambiguous_ (_ie_ , without even considering the relevant context). In such a
situation, it is clear that the relevant _context_ will _generally_ be of _the
first importance_.

35 However, as already noted, one ought not to take the propositions set out
in the preceding paragraphs too far for, depending on the precise facts of the
case, the text and context would often **_interact_** with each other. For
example, as already noted above (at [31]), what might look like a plain and
unambiguous text might not in fact be so if one has regard to the relevant
context – at which point the context is also helpful in aiding the court in
interpreting the text concerned. Much would, in the final analysis, turn on
the **_precise facts_** of the case (which would, holistically speaking,
include not only the text but also the context as well). It is important to
observe that the process of contractual **_interpretation_** is a _dynamic_
one. It is certainly not an unbridled exercise in raw judicial discretion:
hence, the _general principles_ which constitute the _legal_** _structure_**
within which the process of contractual interpretation takes place. However,
we also need to acknowledge the _practical reality_ to the effect that, in the
sphere of **_application_** of these general principles, the **_precise
facts_** are (as just noted) of the first importance. There is – and can be –
no magic formula or legal silver bullet. Contractual interpretation is (often
at least) hard work, centring on a meticulous and nuanced (yet practically-
oriented) analysis of the relevant text and context. **_Put simply, the court
is always to pay close attention to both the text_**** __and__**** _context in
every case – noting that both_**** __interact__**** _with each other._**

36 This may be an apposite point at which to address related issues arising
from the relevant provisions of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) (see also generally Goh Yihan, “Contractual Interpretation in Indian
Evidence Act Jurisdictions: Compatibility with Modern Contextual Approach?”
(2013) 13 Oxford Univ Commonwealth LJ 17). Section 94(_f_) of the Act (“s
94(_f_)”) is (especially in the context of the present appeal) of particular
significance, and reads as follows:

**Exclusion of evidence of oral agreement**

**94**. When the terms of any such contract, grant or other disposition of
property, or any matter required by law to be reduced to the form of a
document, have been proved according to section 93, no evidence of any oral
agreement or statement shall be admitted as between the parties to any such
instrument or their representatives in interest for the purpose of
contradicting, varying, adding to, or subtracting from its terms subject to
the following provisions:

…

(_f_) any fact may be proved which shows in what manner the language of a
document is related to existing facts.

37 It has been firmly established that s 94(_f_) constitutes not an exception
to s 94 as such but is, rather, a substantive and fundamental rule of
interpretation in its own right (although it must also be read with ss 95 to
100 of the Act). Reference may be made to the comprehensive analysis of this
court in _Zurich Insurance_ (especially at [67]–[133]). More importantly
(particularly for the purposes of the present appeal), the court in _Zurich
Insurance_ clearly endorsed the _contextual approach_ to contractual
interpretation – interpreting, in this particular regard, s 94(_f_) in a
“permissive” manner “which does _not_ make _ambiguity a prerequisite for_ the
admissibility of extrinsic evidence in aid of contractual interpretation”
[emphasis added] (see at [114] and [115]). Indeed, the court also observed (at
[121]) that “the contextual approach to contractual interpretation, as
accepted by our courts … is _statutorily embedded_ in proviso (_f_) to s 94”
[emphasis added]. **_This approach is wholly consistent with that which we
have set out above (at [31]) in relation to the role of context in a situation
where the language of the term(s) is clear and unambiguous._**

38 However, the court in _Zurich Insurance_ also proceeded (at [122]) to
furnish the following observation as a safeguard of sorts:

One qualification to our endorsement of the contextual approach, must,
however, be made. In the light of the continued robustness of the parol
evidence rule in our law, the courts must remain ever vigilant to ensure that,
in interpreting a contract, extrinsic evidence is only employed to illuminate
the contractual language and not as a pretext to contradict or vary it. The
courts are allowed to depart from the plain and ordinary meaning of the
contract to some extent. The very recognition that surrounding circumstances
may create ambiguity about the language used in a contract involves acceptance
that words do not have fixed and clearly delineated meanings. Rather, words
are sometimes penumbral; the context of the contract breaks down the rigidly-
defined boundaries of meaning, introduces hues and shades, and defines the
contours and limits of the penumbra. Thus, even in its ostensibly conservative
reasoning in [_Citicorp Investment Bank (Singapore) Ltd v Wee Ah Kee_ [1997] 2
SLR(R) 1], the Court of Appeal only required that the meaning imputed by the
court be one which “the words are reasonably adequate to convey” (_id_ at [63]
(see the passage quoted at [83] above)). The question of whether this
restriction has been breached is one of degree.

39 The court also elaborated upon what extrinsic evidence is admissible in aid
of contractual interpretation as well as the way in which the task of
interpretation is to be carried out. The guidance is both comprehensive and
nuanced and we will say no more about it (see generally at [124]–[133]), save
to note the following summary by the court (at [132]):

132 To summarise, the approach adopted in Singapore to the admissibility of
extrinsic evidence to affect written contracts is a pragmatic and principled
one. The main features of this approach are as follows:

(a) A court should take into account the essence and attributes of the
document being examined. The court’s treatment of extrinsic evidence at
various stages of the analytical process may differ depending on the nature of
the document. In general, the court ought to be more reluctant to allow
extrinsic evidence to affect standard form contracts and commercial documents
(see [110] above).

(b) If the court is satisfied that the parties intended to embody their entire
agreement in a written contract, no extrinsic evidence is admissible to
contradict, vary, add to, or subtract from its terms (see ss 93–94 of the
Evidence Act). In determining whether the parties so intended, our courts may
look at extrinsic evidence and apply the normal objective test, subject to a
rebuttable presumption that a contract which is complete on its face was
intended to contain all the terms of the parties’ agreement (see [40] above).
In other words, where a contract is complete on its face, the language of the
contract constitutes _prima facie_ proof of the parties’ intentions.

(c) Extrinsic evidence is admissible under proviso (_f_) to s 94 to aid in the
interpretation of the written words. Our courts now adopt, via this proviso,
the modern contextual approach to interpretation, in line with the
developments in England in this area of the law to date. Crucially, ambiguity
is not a prerequisite for the admissibility of extrinsic evidence under
proviso (_f_) to s 94 (see [114]–[120] above).

(d) The extrinsic evidence in question is admissible so long as it is
relevant, reasonably available to all the contracting parties and relates to a
clear or obvious context (see [125] and [128]–[129] above). However, the
principle of objectively ascertaining contractual intention(s) remains
paramount. Thus, the extrinsic evidence must always go towards proof of what
the parties, from an objective viewpoint, ultimately agreed upon. Further,
where extrinsic evidence in the form of prior negotiations and subsequent
conduct is concerned, we find the views expressed in McMeel’s article ([62]
_supra_) and Nicholls’ article ([62] _supra_) persuasive. For this reason,
there should be no absolute or rigid prohibition against evidence of previous
negotiations or subsequent conduct, although, in the normal case, such
evidence is likely to be inadmissible for non-compliance with the requirements
set out at [125] and [128]–[129] above. (We should add that the relevance of
subsequent conduct remains a controversial and evolving topic that will
require more extensive scrutiny by this court at a more appropriate juncture.)
Declarations of subjective intent remain inadmissible except for the purpose
of giving meaning to terms which have been determined to be latently ambiguous
(see [50] above; see also sub-para (e) below).

(e) In some cases, the extrinsic evidence in question leads to possible
alternative interpretations of the written words (_ie_ , the court determines
that latent ambiguity exists). A court may give effect to these alternative
interpretations, always bearing in mind s 94 of the Evidence Act. In arriving
at the ultimate interpretation of the words to be construed, the court may
take into account subjective declarations of intent (see [50] above).
Furthermore, the normal canons of interpretation apply in conjunction with the
relevant provisions of the Evidence Act, _ie_ , ss 95–100 (see [75]–[80] and
[131] above).

(f) A court should always be careful to ensure that extrinsic evidence is used
to explain and illuminate the written words, and not to contradict or vary
them. Where the court concludes that the parties have used the wrong words,
rectification may be a more appropriate remedy (see [123] above).

40 The decision in _Zurich Insurance_ should also be read with the decision of
this court in _Sembcorp Marine_ , which not only affirmed the principles laid
down in _Zurich Insurance_ but also _supplemented_ them. Whilst the relevant
part of this particular decision (at [24]–[75]) merits close study, the
following extracts from [54]–[55], [64]–[65] and [72]–[75] are particularly
germane in the context of the present appeal:

54 Lord Penzance rejected this contention. Referring to a principle laid down
by Lord Abinger in _Doe D Simon Hiscocks v John Hiscocks_ (1839) 5 M & W 363,
Lord Penzance held (at 317–318):

It is beyond dispute, that _evidence as to the circumstances_ under which the
testator wrote his will, as to the different names and circumstances of the
people about him, and other surrounding matters, _is admissible_ in such a
case. … so that I am at liberty to put myself in the position of the testator
in order, from the surrounding circumstances, _to judge under what state of
things he wrote his will_. [emphasis added]

However, Lord Penzance did not stop there, for this principle by Lord Abinger
was one of general application rather than one governing the admissibility of
the declarations of the testator, which was the real issue in the case. As to
that, Lord Penzance held (at 324):

And if there has been a mistake, whether of omission or otherwise, in
consequence of which neither of the two sons is distinctly or accurately
described, _is not an ambiguity created_ ; and is any other course open to the
Court, _if the rest of the will and the surrounding circumstances do not solve
the difficulty_ , **_than to admit parol evidence of the testator’s
intention?_** [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

55 Three points are clear. First, the admissibility of surrounding
circumstances to place the court in the position of the party which drafted
the instrument (dealt with in the first extract quoted at [54] above) is a
separate and distinct question from whether parol evidence of the drafter’s
subjective intention (dealt with in the second extract quoted at [54] above)
may be admitted. Evidence of surrounding circumstances is admissible without
restriction. Second, ambiguity is required before the court would be permitted
to admit parol evidence of the drafter’s intentions. Third, if surrounding
circumstances are sufficient to resolve the interpretative exercise, there
would be no ambiguity and such parol evidence should not be admitted.

…

64 A lingering question remains: what exactly is extrinsic evidence of
surrounding circumstances that is admissible without restriction under s
94(_f_) of the EA? The short answer, as suggested by the cases referred to by
Sir James, would be such extrinsic evidence of “facts and circumstances which
were (or ought to have been) in the mind of the [drafter] when he used those
words” (see [62] above). Parol evidence of the drafter’s subjective intention
does not constitute such surrounding circumstances. Of course, the line
between these two types of evidence may not always be clear, but that is an
issue that can be developed through case law.

65 Where then does this leave us in relation to the robust approach? The
following propositions seem clear:

(a) First, the admissibility of extrinsic evidence generally is governed by
the rules of evidence and not by the rules of contractual interpretation
(which are governed by the substantive law of contract).

(b) Second, the rules governing the admissibility of extrinsic evidence in
Singapore are to be found first in the EA, then in the common law.

(c) Third, the general admissibility of extrinsic evidence under s 94(_f_) of
the EA must be read together with the exclusionary provisions of the EA, in
particular, ss 95 and 96.

(d) Fourth, extrinsic evidence of surrounding circumstances is generally
admissible under s 94(_f_). However, it was and properly remains the position
that extrinsic evidence in the form of parol evidence of the drafter’s
intentions is generally inadmissible unless it can in some way be brought
within the exceptions in ss 97 to 100.

...

72 From this perspective, a robust approach unaccompanied by sufficient
safeguards may be counterproductive. More fog, not less, might ensue. In our
judgment, it is time to refine our approach by synchronising our rules of
pleading and evidence with the contextual approach to contractual construction
laid down in _Zurich Insurance_ ([34] _supra_). This is necessary because the
broad language associated with the contextual approach is susceptible to being
misunderstood and misapplied. The utility of the contextual approach is to
place the court in the best possible position to ascertain the parties’
objective intentions by interpreting the expressions used by the parties in
the relevant instrument in their proper context; it is not a licence to admit
all manner of extrinsic evidence. To do otherwise would be to ignore the
salutary words of caution in _Zurich Insurance_ (at [127] and [129]):

127 Thus, the extrinsic material sought to be admitted must always go towards
proof of what the parties, from an objective viewpoint, ultimately agreed
upon. … _[T]he focus on the narrow task of ascertaining the parties’ objective
intention ought to prevent parties from adducing or trawling through large
amounts of allegedly useful background material, often in misguided
Micawberian attempts to persuade a court to favour their subjective
interpretations of the contract_. …

129 We have already emphasised the importance of contractual certainty … In
our view, the benefits of adopting … the contextual approach to contractual
interpretation (_viz_ , flexibility and accord with commercial common sense)
will be maximised and its costs (_viz_ , increased uncertainty and added
litigation costs) minimised if, as a threshold requirement for the court’s
adoption of a different interpretation from that suggested by the plain
language of the contract, the context of the contract should be clear and
obvious. … _It is necessary and desirable to lay down this threshold
requirement in order to achieve the right balance between commercial certainty
and the imperative of giving effect to the objective intentions of the
contracting parties_.

[emphasis added]

73 We hasten to add that although the contextual approach is most frequently
engaged in the context of interpretation, this is not to say that the
contextual approach is irrelevant when it comes to other aspects of
construction such as implication or rectification. Indeed, it is trite that
the court must have regard to the context at the time of contracting when
considering the issue of implication. Therefore, to buttress the evidentiary
qualifications to the contextual approach to the construction of a contract,
the imposition of four requirements of civil procedure are, in our view,
timely and essential:

(a) first, parties who contend that the factual matrix is relevant to the
construction of the contract must plead with specificity each fact of the
factual matrix that they wish to rely on in support of their construction of
the contract;

(b) second, the factual circumstances in which the facts in (a) were known to
both or all the relevant parties must also be pleaded with sufficient
particularity;

(c) third, parties should in their pleadings specify the effect which such
facts will have on their contended construction; and

(d) fourth, the obligation of parties to disclose evidence would be limited by
the extent to which the evidence are relevant to the facts pleaded in (a) and
(b).

74 These four requirements are entirely consonant with the limits prescribed
in _Zurich Insurance_ at [132(d)] that for extrinsic evidence to be
admissible, it must be “relevant, reasonably available to all the contracting
parties and [must relate] to a clear or obvious context”. Further, this would
go some way towards ameliorating the practical concerns we have traced above.
In general, extrinsic facts that are placed before the court in a manner that
is not consistent with the above requirements will not be accorded any weight
when a court is construing a contract. Adverse cost consequences may also be
imposed, where appropriate. We are mindful that the courts cannot actively
police the parties in the documents that they voluntarily disclose.
Conversely, we should not be thought, in any way, to be inviting parties or
their counsel to withhold relevant documents. The key point is that parties
should be clear about the specific aspects and purpose of the factual matrix
which they intend to rely on. These pleading requirements should result in the
evidence on the record being aligned accordingly.

75 Before leaving this issue, we make one final observation. Asst Prof Goh
has, after a comprehensive survey of the historical literature on the law
governing the admissibility of prior negotiations, argued that the seemingly
blanket exclusionary rule against the admissibility of prior negotiations was
a product of a historical misstep by the courts and is inconsistent with the
EA: Goh Yihan, “The Case for Departing From the Exclusionary Rule Against
Prior Negotiations in the Interpretation of Contracts in Singapore” (2013) 25
SAcLJ 182. We prefer to leave for another occasion the consideration of
whether this argument is to be accepted in principle; and if so, whether
evidence of prior negotiations should nonetheless be excluded as irrelevant or
unhelpful for the policy reasons set out by Lord Hoffmann in _Chartbrook_
([25] _supra_) at [34]–[36] and [38]; or on the ground that it may amount to
parol evidence of subjective intent and not fall within ss 97 to 100 of the
EA. Whichever way that may eventually be resolved, any future attempt to rely
on such material should be made with full consciousness of the concerns
already expressed and in compliance with the pleading requirements we have
just prescribed.

41 _Zurich Insurance_ and _Sembcorp Marine_ represent the lodestars in the
Singapore legal landscape in so far as contractual interpretation is concerned
(see also _HSBC Trustee_ at [25] as well as the useful exposition on both
these decisions in Goh Yihan, “The New Contractual Interpretation in
Singapore: From _Zurich Insurance_ to _Sembcorp Marine_ ” [2013] Sing JLS
301). Both decisions emphasise, _inter alia_ , the signal importance of
context in the sphere of contractual interpretation.

42 Finally, it should also be noted that the idea that the use of context is
not only very important but also does not contravene the parol evidence rule
inasmuch as it is utilised merely as an aid to interpretation is one that has
also been articulated in other jurisdictions. In the recent Supreme Court of
Canada decision of _Sattva Capital Corporation (formerly Sattva Capital Inc) v
Creston Moly Corporation (formerly Georgia Ventures Inc)_ [2014] 2 SCR 633,
for example, Rothstein J (delivering the judgment of the court) observed thus
(at [60]):

The parol evidence rule does not apply to preclude evidence of surrounding
circumstances. Such evidence is consistent with the objectives of finality and
certainty because it is used as _an interpretive aid_ for determining the
meaning of those words. The surrounding circumstances are facts known or facts
that reasonably ought to have been known to both parties at or before the date
of contracting; therefore, the concern of unreliability does not arise.
[emphasis added]

However, we should also note that the role of context in contractual
interpretation appears still to be in a state of flux in certain other
jurisdictions – for example, in Australia (see, for instance, the recent and
comprehensive article by Prof J W Carter, “Context and Literalism in
Construction” (2014) 31 JCL 100 at 108–111, which also comprises an excellent
comparative analysis of the positions in other jurisdictions as well).

43 At this juncture, we pause to note that there have also been a few recent
UK Supreme Court decisions focusing on contractual interpretation. We shall
consider a couple of them briefly but, for reasons which we shall state, they
do not – we hasten to add – detract from the general principles which we have
set out above.

A coda – recent UK Supreme Court decisions

44 Not surprisingly, there have been numerous decisions on contractual
interpretation across the Commonwealth (one, from the Supreme Court of Canada,
has already been referred to briefly above at [42]). In particular, there have
been a few UK Supreme Court decisions, a couple of which merit our brief
attention (in addition to _Multi-Link Leisure Developments_ which was also
referred to briefly above at [32]).

45 The first decision is _Rainy Sky SA v Kookmin Bank_ [2011] 1 WLR 2900 (“
_Rainy Sky_ ”) (which was also referred to briefly by this court in _Master
Marine AS v Labroy Offshore Ltd and others_ [2012] 3 SLR 125). It concerned
the interpretation of a particular clause in advance payment bonds issued by
the defendant bank and which was relied upon by the plaintiffs in claiming the
refund of instalments paid pursuant to contracts entered into with a
shipbuilder. Lord Clarke of Stone-cum-Ebony JSC handed down the judgment (with
whom Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers PSC, Lord Mance, Lord Kerr of Tonaghmore
and Lord Wilson JJSC agreed). Lord Clarke observed thus (at [14]):

For the most part, the correct approach to construction of the bonds, as in
the case of any contract, was not in dispute. The principles have been
discussed in many cases, notably of course, as Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury MR
said in _Pink Floyd Music Ltd v EMI Records Ltd_ [2010] EWCA Civ 1429, para
17, by Lord Hoffmann in _Mannai Investment Co Ltd v Eagle Star Life Assurance
Co Ltd_ [1997] AC 749, passim, in _Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West
Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1 WLR 896, 912F–913G and in _Chartbrook Ltd
v Persimmon Homes Ltd_ [2009] AC 1101, paras 21–26. I agree with Lord
Neuberger (also at para 17) that those cases show that the ultimate aim of
interpreting a provision in a contract, especially a commercial contract, is
to determine what the parties meant by the language used, which involves
ascertaining what a reasonable person would have understood the parties to
have meant. As Lord Hoffmann made clear in the first of the principles he
summarised in the _Investors Compensation Scheme_ case [1998] 1 WLR 896, 912H,
the relevant reasonable person is one who has all the background knowledge
which would reasonably have been available to the parties in the situation in
which they were at the time of the contract.

46 And, in a similar vein, the learned judge later observed as follows (at
[30]):

… As stated in a little more detail in para 21 above [quoted below at [48]],
it is in essence that, where a term of a contract is open to more than one
interpretation, it generally appropriate to adopt the interpretation which is
most consistent with business common sense. …

47 However, it should be noted that Lord Clarke also observed (at [23]) that
“[w]here the parties have used _unambiguous_ language, the court _must_ apply
it” [emphasis added]. We do not think that this observation is to be taken so
strictly as to _wholly_ discount the possibility of utilising the relevant
_context_ to assist in the process of contractual interpretation in the manner
we have set out above at [31]–[42] (and _cf_ Paul S Davies, “Interpreting
Commercial Contracts: A Case of Ambiguity?” [2012] LMCLQ 26 at 27–28). Indeed,
this particular issue was raised squarely before the UK Supreme Court in a
subsequent decision, _viz_ , _Arnold_ – which we will consider in more detail
below (at [50]–[56]).

48 Lord Clarke also observed (more generally) thus (at [21]):

The language used by the parties will often have more than one potential
meaning. I would accept the submission made on behalf of the appellants that
the exercise of construction is _essentially one_** _unitary_** _exercise_ in
which the court must consider the language used and ascertain what a
reasonable person, that is a person who has all the background knowledge which
would reasonably have been available to the parties in the situation in which
they were at the time of the contract, would have understood the parties to
have meant. In doing so, the court must have regard to all the relevant
surrounding circumstances. If there are two possible constructions, the court
is entitled to prefer the construction which is consistent with business
common sense and to reject the other. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

It should be noted, at this juncture, that Lord Clarke’s observations which
have just been quoted are wholly consistent with the interactive approach
towards contractual interpretation which we have mooted above (at [35]).

49 In _Rainy Sky_ itself, both parties had accepted that there were two
possible interpretations of the clause concerned and the court held – in
accordance with the principles noted above – that it ought to adopt the
interpretation which was most consistent with business common sense.

50 The second decision from the UK Supreme Court is that in _Arnold_ (which we
mentioned briefly above at [32]). As already alluded to, this was a decision
in which the court gave effect to what it found to be the clear and
unambiguous language of the term concerned. A similar approach was also
adopted in its earlier decision (on appeal from Scotland) in _Aberdeen City
Council v Stewart Milne Group Ltd_ 2012 SLT 205 (“ _Aberdeen City Council_ ”).
However, as _Arnold_ is a very recent decision and includes a discussion of
_Aberdeen City Council_ as well, we will focus on it instead.

51 _Arnold_ concerned the interpretation of service charge contribution
provisions with regard to the leases of a number of chalets in a caravan park
in South Wales. There was a common thread (or, more accurately, consequence)
running throughout the various clauses: if the respondent landlord were
correct in its interpretation of the clauses concerned, the initial service
charge of £90 per annum was to be increased on a compound basis by 10% every
three years. The appellant lessees, on the other hand, argued that the
respondent’s interpretation could not be the correct interpretation as it
would result in “an increasingly absurdly high annual service charge in the
later years of each of the 25 leases” (see _Arnold_ at [10]). The court held
that the language of the clauses was clear and unambiguous and ought to be
given effect to. The fact that such an interpretation would work out very
badly against the appellants was not a relevant legal factor, given the
clarity of the clauses in question. Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury PSC (with
whom Lord Sumption and Lord Hughes JJSC agreed) emphasised (at [16]–[23])
seven factors which we think are useful and which we therefore set out in full
as follows:

16 For present purposes, I think it is important to emphasise seven factors.

17 First, the reliance placed in some cases on commercial common sense and
surrounding circumstances (eg in _Chartbrook_ , paras 16-26) should not be
invoked to undervalue the importance of the language of the provision which is
to be construed. The exercise of interpreting a provision involves identifying
what the parties meant through the eyes of a reasonable reader, and, save
perhaps in a very unusual case, that meaning is most obviously to be gleaned
from the language of the provision. Unlike commercial common sense and the
surrounding circumstances, the parties have control over the language they use
in a contract. And, again save perhaps in a very unusual case, the parties
must have been specifically focussing on the issue covered by the provision
when agreeing the wording of that provision.

18 Secondly, when it comes to considering the centrally relevant words to be
interpreted, I accept that the less clear they are, or, to put it another way,
the worse their drafting, the more ready the court can properly be to depart
from their natural meaning. That is simply the obverse of the sensible
proposition that the clearer the natural meaning the more difficult it is to
justify departing from it. However, that does not justify the court embarking
on an exercise of searching for, let alone constructing, drafting infelicities
in order to facilitate a departure from the natural meaning. If there is a
specific error in the drafting, it may often have no relevance to the issue of
interpretation which the court has to resolve.

19 The third point I should mention is that commercial common sense is not to
be invoked retrospectively. The mere fact that a contractual arrangement, if
interpreted according to its natural language, has worked out badly, or even
disastrously, for one of the parties is not a reason for departing from the
natural language. Commercial common sense is only relevant to the extent of
how matters would or could have been perceived by the parties, or by
reasonable people in the position of the parties, as at the date that the
contract was made. Judicial observations such as those of Lord Reid in
_Wickman Machine Tools Sales Ltd v L Schuler AG_ [1974] AC 235, 251 and Lord
Diplock in _Antaios Cia Naviera SA v Salen Rederierna AB (The Antaios)_ [1985]
AC 191, 201, quoted by Lord Carnwath JSC at para 110, have to be read and
applied bearing that important point in mind.

20 Fourthly, while commercial common sense is a very important factor to take
into account when interpreting a contract, a court should be very slow to
reject the natural meaning of a provision as correct simply because it appears
to be a very imprudent term for one of the parties to have agreed, even
ignoring the benefit of wisdom of hindsight. The purpose of interpretation is
to identify what the parties have agreed, not what the court thinks that they
should have agreed. Experience shows that it is by no means unknown for people
to enter into arrangements which are ill-advised, even ignoring the benefit of
wisdom of hindsight, and it is not the function of a court when interpreting
an agreement to relieve a party from the consequences of his imprudence or
poor advice. Accordingly, when interpreting a contract a judge should avoid
re-writing it in an attempt to assist an unwise party or to penalise an astute
party.

21 The fifth point concerns the facts known to the parties. When interpreting
a contractual provision, one can only take into account facts or circumstances
which existed at the time that the contract was made, and which were known or
reasonably available to both parties. Given that a contract is a bilateral, or
synallagmatic, arrangement involving both parties, it cannot be right, when
interpreting a contractual provision, to take into account a fact or
circumstance known only to one of the parties.

22 Sixthly, in some cases, an event subsequently occurs which was plainly not
intended or contemplated by the parties, judging from the language of their
contract. In such a case, if it is clear what the parties would have intended,
the court will give effect to that intention. An example of such a case is
_Aberdeen City Council v Stewart Milne Group Ltd_ 2012 SCLR 114, where the
court concluded that “any … approach” other than that which was adopted “would
defeat the parties’ clear objectives”, but the conclusion was based on what
the parties “had in mind when they entered into” the contract: see paras 21
and 22.

23 Seventhly, reference was made in argument to service charge clauses being
construed “restrictively”. I am unconvinced by the notion that service charge
clauses are to be subject to any special rule of interpretation. Even if
(which it is unnecessary to decide) a landlord may have simpler remedies than
a tenant to enforce service charge provisions, that is not relevant to the
issue of how one interprets the contractual machinery for assessing the
tenant’s contribution. The origin of the adverb was in a judgment of Rix LJ in
_McHale v Earl Cadogan_ [2010] HLR 412, para 17. What he was saying, quite
correctly, was that the court should not “bring within the general words of a
service charge clause anything which does not clearly belong there”. However,
that does not help resolve the sort of issue of interpretation raised in this
case.

52 However, what are the more general implications of _Arnold_ in situations
where the language of the term(s) is clear and unambiguous? In particular, has
_Arnold_ reduced (even drastically) the role of _context_ in such a situation?
More importantly, is _Arnold_ at variance with what we have stated (above at
[31]–[42]) is the position in _Singapore_ in such situations – especially the
proposition to the effect that _context_ is _still important_** _even in_**
_situations where the language of the term(s) is clear and unambiguous_? We
would suggest that _Arnold_ is in fact **_consistent with_** the Singapore
position. Let us elaborate.

53 It is significant that Lord Hodge JSC (who agreed with Lord Neuberger) was
of the view that the _context_ in _Arnold_ was of _limited_ assistance; as he
observed (at [72] and [75]):

72 The _context_ , whether internal to the contract or otherwise, _provides
little assistance_ in this case. Beyond the words of the relevant clauses,
there is the context of the other provisions of each of the 25 individual
leases which are at issue. They are long leases, having a term of 99 years.
The court in interpreting the leases can and should take into account the
great difficulty in predicting economic circumstances in the distant future
and ask itself whether the parties really intended to do so.

…

75 While there are infelicities in the language of the relevant clauses in
some of the leases and no clear explanation of minor changes in drafting, I am
not persuaded that the meaning of the language is open to question when full
weight is given to _the very limited factual matrix_ with which the courts
have been presented in this case. We are invited to construe that which reads
on a first consideration as a fixed service charge with an escalator to deal
with future inflation, as a variable service charge which is subject to a cap
to which the escalator applies. I find that very difficult. In my view there
is nothing in the relevant context to support the construction of the clause
as creating a cap, other than the view, which events have fully justified,
that it was unwise of the lessees to agree to a fixed service charge with an
escalator based on an assumption that the value of money would diminish by 10%
per year.

[emphasis added]

54 As (if not more) significantly, Lord Carnwath JSC (who _dissented_) was
_also_ of a similar view; in his words (at [94]), “[w]e know _very little_
about the background to the present dispute” [emphasis added].

55 Given that the _context_ in _Arnold_ was of _limited_ assistance, it is not
surprising, in our view, that the majority of the court gave full effect to
what it felt was the clear and unambiguous language in the clauses concerned.
In this regard, the absurd result in that decision was – consistently with our
analysis above (at [32]) – **_aptly justified as being in accord_** with the
intention of the parties at the time that they entered into the contract
concerned. We would venture to suggest that the situation might have been
quite different had the relevant context been clearer and therefore more
helpful. Indeed, even though Lord Carnwath was of the view that the context
was of limited assistance, he nevertheless proceeded to consider much more
general and broader facts (including the historic inflation figures), thereby
expanding, so to speak, the scope of the factual matrix which (in turn)
assisted him in arriving at a different decision from that of the majority.
Thus, it is not that the context was not referred to; it is that, pursuant to
the unitary approach, the context was looked at but it did not change anything
with regard to the text. The learned judge was clearly influenced by the
result of the case that ensued from the decision of the majority. He clearly
felt that this was “an unusual case” (see at [108]). And this brings us back
to the balance which we observed (above at [32]) ought to be sought –
especially in hard cases such as these. The majority in _Arnold_ had, it is
suggested, in mind the old adage that hard cases make bad law and that they
could not arrive at a decision in favour of the appellants in a _principled_
fashion in that case. This harks back to (in particular) the third and fourth
points enunciated by Lord Neuberger (and quoted above at [51]). Indeed, Lord
Neuberger himself was (at [32]) cognisant of “the unattractive consequences”
arising from the decision of the majority (_cf_ also _HSBC Trustee_ at
[147]–[149]).

56 It should also be noted that Lord Hodge reiterated (at [76] and [77]) Lord
Clarke’s observation in _Rainy Sky_ to the effect that interpretation is a “
_unitary_ ” process or exercise which (as we have already noted above at [48])
is wholly consistent with the _interactive_ approach we have mooted above (at
[35]).

57 In summary, it is our view that the UK Supreme Court decisions (in
particular, _Rainy Sky_ and _Arnold_) are in fact _consistent with_ the
principles which obtain in the Singapore context (and which, as already
mentioned, are contained in the decisions of this court in both _Zurich
Insurance_ and _Sembcorp Marine_).

Application of the law to the facts

58 Turning to the facts of the present appeal, the crucial text is deceptively
simple. It is to be found in cl 4 of the Sub-Lease Agreement and bears
reproduction once again, as follows:

This agreement shall survive as long as **_the Company’s lease_** with the
Landlord is not terminated. [emphasis added in bold italics]

59 As we alluded at [31] above, the text in this case is neither plain nor
unambiguous. In particular, the lack of clarity pertains to the use of the
term “the Company’s lease” in cl 4, the interpretation of which carries no
little practical significance given that it has a direct bearing on the
duration of the Sub-Lease Agreement itself and, therefore, the outcome of this
appeal. However, the Judge appears to be of the view that there was _no_
ambiguity in cl 4. Examining his reasoning at [17] of the Judgment (which we
have reproduced earlier at [27] above), it is clear that, although he did not
explicitly focus on the particular words “the Company’s lease” in cl 4, he had
taken this to refer to the lease which was formalised in _the 2010 Lease
Agreement_. He relied, for this purpose, on _cl 1_ of the Sub-Lease Agreement,
which he first read as referring to the 2010 Lease Agreement and then
implicitly took as being the same agreement that was being referred to in cl 4
as “the Company’s lease”.

60 With respect, we disagree with the Judge’s reasoning. It is useful to
reproduce cl 1 of the Sub-Lease Agreement again in order to scrutinise it
carefully:

1\. Soup Restaurant (Causeway Point) Pte Ltd (the “Company”) had entered into
an agreement (the “Agreement”) with VivoCity Pte Ltd as trustee of VivoCity
Trust (the “Landlord”) on 19 June 2009 in respect of the lease of 1
HarbourFront Walk #02-141 VivoCity S(098585) to operate both “Soup Restaurant”
and “Dian Xiao Er” (“DXE”) brands.

61 It may be observed from a close reading of cl 1 that the Judge’s reasoning
is doubtful in two respects. First, it is clear that cl 1 does not refer to
the 2010 Lease Agreement as such. It makes reference, instead, to the
landlord’s letter of offer dated 19 June 2009 (which was later accepted by
Soup). It might be said that this is not a material error because the lease
agreement as contained in the letter of offer was, in any event, reduced
formally into the 2010 Lease Agreement. That may well be so but the second
(and more important) observation we make regarding cl 1 is that the letter of
offer to which it refers has already been defined as the “Agreement”. On a
plain and ordinary reading of the Sub-Lease Agreement as a whole, we think
that this in itself provides good ground for the view that “the Company’s
lease” in cl 4 might in fact mean _something other than_ the letter of offer.
In short, what could be said of the Judge’s reasoning is that it seems, with
respect, to mistake the precise document that is being referred to in cl 1 of
the Sub-Lease Agreement but, even if that is immaterial, there is, at a more
fundamental level, no apparent connection between cl 1 and cl 4 because the
relevant terms used (the “Agreement” as opposed to “the Company’s lease”) are
clearly different; hence, it is questionable to rely on the language in the
former in order to interpret the latter.

62 This leaves us in the position of being unable to agree with the Judge
that, _looking purely at the face of the Sub-Lease Agreement itself_ , it may
be said with the requisite certainty that “the Company’s lease” in cl 4 refers
to the 2010 Lease Agreement. This is not the equivalent of saying, however,
that “the Company’s lease” in cl 4 does _not_ refer to the 2010 Lease
Agreement. The point, simply, is that such an interpretation (which is the one
that Soup prefers) is not one that is _plain and unambiguous_ from the
**_text_** alone – and not that this interpretation is foreclosed as a
possibility. This is especially so given that there is, importantly, still the
**_context_** to be considered. After all, as we have explained at [35] above,
text and context **_interact_** with one another in the holistic exercise of
contractual interpretation and, particularly in situations such as this where
the text is ambiguous, it is the context that comes to the fore (see above at
[34]). While the context may ultimately turn out to be only of limited
assistance, as was the case in _Arnold_ , we do not find that to be the case
here. A proper appreciation of the context surrounding the parties’ entry into
the Sub-Lease Agreement is helpful in shedding light on what the text – in
particular “the Company’s lease” in cl 4 of the Sub-Lease Agreement – truly
means. In this regard, we find that the relevant context supports the
interpretation advanced by YES, namely, that “the Company’s lease” in cl 4 in
fact refers to a _generic_ head lease that Soup had with the landlord in
respect of Unit 141.

63 What, then, is the relevant context in this case? We commence with the fact
that the Sub-Lease Agreement was a document drafted without any legal
assistance. It was drafted, instead, by laypersons in the business context.
This is an important factor inasmuch as it informs and guides the way in which
the court should construe the document. As was emphasised in the recent
decision of this court in _Xia Zhengyan v Geng Changqing_ [2015] 3 SLR 732 (“
_Xia_ ”) (especially at [50]), there may – depending on the precise facts and
context concerned – be cases where the court ought to eschew a strict
construction of the relevant language of the contract and adopt instead a more
_common-sense_ approach that considers _the reasonable and probable
expectations that the parties would have had_. This would, for example, be the
case where, in _Xia_ , the contract had been drafted by laypersons without the
benefit of legal advice in a language other than the English language (in that
case, in Chinese). The context of the present case was, broadly speaking,
somewhat similar.

64 In determining the parties’ reasonable and probable expectations when
entering into the Sub-Lease Agreement, we are led to the second important
contextual factor, which is the fact that both YES and Soup were commercially-
related sister companies within the SRGL group of companies at that point in
time. This is a weighty consideration as it helps to contextualise one’s
understanding of the overall environment within which the negotiations leading
up to the Sub-Lease Agreement had taken place. In our view, it is only a
natural consequence of the parties’ then subsisting commercial relationship
that their negotiations, while still conducted at arms’ length, would
nevertheless have been attended by a degree of mutuality and a desire to
explore and develop synergies with one another; this was how Unit 141 came to
be _shared_ in an arrangement which met the objectives of both parties in so
far as Soup was able to establish a presence in Vivocity and YES could expand
its business incrementally. Indeed, such collaboration was reflected in how,
despite being offered Unit 141 first, YES brought Soup into discussions with
the landlord and, after further deliberations, it was finally agreed that Soup
would lease Unit 141 on the basis that it would be shared with YES. In fact,
Soup made certain that it had obtained the landlord’s approval for this
sharing arrangement before accepting the letter of offer dated 19 June 2009.

65 Given the good relationship of the parties which prevailed at the time –
and the absence of anything to suggest otherwise – we find it reasonable to
infer that the parties would have expected their close commercial partnership
to continue for the foreseeable future. Conflict was not at the forefront of
their minds; _sharing_ the premises at Unit 141 in a way which met both their
respective aims was. That being so, it militates against Soup’s preferred
construction of cl 4 which effectively attributes to the parties the mutual
expectation at the material time that, come what may after the expiry of the
2010 Lease Agreement in three years, Soup could eject YES from the Sub-Leased
Premises without being required to even have any recourse to its views.

66 We are fortified in what we have just stated by a third contextual factor
which, in the final analysis, is perhaps also the most compelling in the
entire factual matrix. This concerns the fact that both parties were aware of
the particular purpose for which the Sub-Leased Premises was to be used by
YES, namely, that it was for expanding YES’s kitchen and VIP rooms. It was
thus common knowledge between the parties that the Sub-Leased Premises was to
constitute an _integral_ part of YES’s business. This is particularly
important because, if Soup knew full well of the precise purpose for which the
Sub-Leased Premises was to be used, then it is hardly a leap of logic to
surmise that, as an established player within the same industry, it would also
have been able to appreciate the scale and costs of the renovation works
necessary to fulfil that purpose. Therefore, even though the actual renovation
works on the Sub-Leased Premises were in fact only carried out _after_ the
Sub-Lease Agreement was entered into – and the total incurred cost of about
$210,000 known only subsequent to that – we think that it is fair to say that
Soup must certainly have had a general idea of the kind of resources YES was
intending to pour into the renovation _at the time of the Sub-Lease Agreement
itself_.

67 This supports our view that it would be highly incongruous to find that,
with no say whatsoever in the matter, YES could legitimately be forced out of
the Sub-Leased Premises at the end of three years. That would entail fairly
drastic commercial consequences for YES as it involved YES having to scrap all
of the renovation works that it had invested in a mere three years ago, the
disruption and consequential reorganisation of its operations on Unit 137,
and, as Yik gave evidence on, the retrenchment of staff who would no longer be
required for a downsized restaurant business. As counsel for YES, Mr Adrian
Tan (“Mr Tan”) persuasively pointed out, it would not have made any business
sense at all for YES to have invested so much in expanding its operations if
it had known all along that the Sub-Lease Agreement was only to be for a fixed
period of three years. Simply put, the investment was **_disproportionate_**
to a three year lease. Therefore, the better view of cl 4 is, as YES submits,
that it provides for the Sub-Lease Agreement to subsist for so long as Soup
had a valid head lease in respect of Unit 141.

68 These were not, however, the only relevant contextual factors. Counsel for
Soup, Mr Edwin Tong SC (“Mr Tong”), did highlight others in his attempt to
buttress Soup’s interpretation of cl 4 but, ultimately, we do not find these
to be particularly weighty in comparison with those which we have just
canvassed above.

69 First, Mr Tong pointed out that it was highly significant that, when the
Sub-Lease Agreement was concluded in October 2009, YES could not have been
certain that its own lease for Unit 137 – which expired on 6 October 2012
without an option to renew – would continue. We accept that this is true as a
matter of fact. Short of a contractual provision which _guaranteed_ that YES
could continue to lease Unit 137 beyond 6 October 2012 (of which there was
none), it could _not_ have been said with _absolute certainty_ then that the
landlord would be agreeable to renewing YES’s lease. That having been said,
this argument should be considered within the wider context prevailing at the
material time. One should recall that YES had been in Vivocity since 2006, its
_Dian Xiao Er_ business at Unit 137 was performing well, the landlord
recognised this, and this recognition was reflected in the fact that the
landlord approached YES to offer YES the opportunity to expand its business
into Unit 141. Given the totality of the circumstances, we are of the view
that, notwithstanding the lack of a contractual option to renew in its lease
of Unit 137, YES had _good grounds_ to believe that, when the time came, it
would be able to reach a satisfactory agreement with the landlord in respect
of continuing on Unit 137. Indeed, it seems to us that, absent a swift
downturn in the fortunes of YES, it would have been illogical for the landlord
to have, with one hand, invited YES to expand its business into Unit 141 and,
with the other, take away the main frontage of its restaurant at Unit 137 by
refusing to renew the lease for those premises.

70 Secondly, Mr Tong also sought to impress upon us that it was commercially
absurd that cl 4 could refer to a generic lease because, if that
interpretation were correct, then YES was effectively agreeing to bind itself
(as cl 3(i) of the Sub-Lease Agreement provided) on a back-to-back basis to
contractual terms as yet unknown and over which it had no control. In
particular, Mr Tong argued that a party in YES’s position at the time of
signing the Sub-Lease Agreement in 2009 could not have been certain of what
the rent for Unit 141 might be in subsequent head leases between Soup and the
landlord. The rent could well increase, as indeed it has under the terms of
Soup’s current lease with the landlord.

71 This argument might appear attractive at first blush but, on closer
examination, we find that it says no more than that what YES had agreed to
accept were the ordinary risks and vagaries associated with the property
rental market which, it should be added, YES was _already_ exposed to in
respect of its own lease over Unit 137. In other words, as Mr Tan pointed out,
an increase in the rent for Unit 141 was, from YES’s perspective, an expected
business expense which would have to be factored in with regard to its
existing premises as well. Moreover, it is not inconceivable that YES would
have been ready and willing to pay its proportionate share of any increase in
the rent under the back-to-back arrangement – simultaneously with any increase
in the rent of its _existing_ premises in Unit 137 – bearing in mind the fact
that (as we have also already noted above) both its existing premises as well
as the Sub-Leased Premises in Unit 141 formed an _integral_ part of its
business.

72 Mr Tong also sought to introduce another closely related element of
uncertainty into the factual matrix as at 2009 which, in his submission,
undermined YES’s preferred construction of cl 4. In this regard, he pointed
out that another possible consequence of the landlord raising the rent for the
head lease of Unit 141 was that it might also turn out to be too high _from
Soup’s perspective_. In such a scenario, Soup might legitimately decide not to
renew the lease with the landlord. If so, would that not lead to the same
result as the one entailed by Soup’s preferred construction of the Sub-Lease
Agreement, _viz_ , that YES would have to vacate the Sub-Leased Premises by 18
October 2012? It therefore appeared that, even on YES’s own construction of
the Sub-Lease Agreement, it risked having its considerable investment in the
renovation of the Sub-Leased Premises unwound after just three years. In our
view, this was indeed a possible outcome. However, we consider that this was
yet another business risk which YES would have factored into its consideration
at the time of entering into the Sub-Lease Agreement. In our view, what YES
did _not_ accept was the _additional_ risk of _not_ being able to continue
operating out of the Sub-Leased Premises _even if_ Soup had continued leasing
Unit 141 from the landlord. That seems to us to be inconsistent with the
parties’ predominant purpose at the time of contracting, which was simply to
_share_ the Sub-Leased Premises.

73 Finally, Mr Tong moved beyond the context surrounding the parties’ entry
into the Sub-Lease Agreement to rely, further, on the parties’ _subsequent
conduct_. In particular, and as alluded to earlier at [20] above, he said that
it was of some significance that the expiry date of the Sub-Lease Agreement as
stated in cl 5.4 of the Settlement Agreement was 6 October 2012 instead of 18
October 2012. According to Mr Tong, Yik had specifically requested for the
expiry date to be brought forward from the latter to the former and that this
gave rise to a telling inference – it was clearly because _Yik knew that the
Sub-Lease Agreement expired on 18 October 2012 in tandem with the lease under
the 2010 Lease Agreement_ that he was so keen to bring the expiry date forward
to coincide with YES’s own lease for Unit 137 (which expired on 6 October
2012); this was in order to avoid YES having to pay unnecessarily for an
additional 12 days’ rent in respect of the Sub-Leased Premises should YES’s
lease for Unit 137 not be renewed. As Mr Tong submitted, this conduct on the
part of YES when negotiating the Settlement Agreement helped to shed light on
when YES itself understood the Sub-Lease Agreement to expire (_viz_ , 18
October 2012).

74 As we pointed out to counsel during the hearing, there was not much
assistance to be derived from the parties’ _subsequent_ conduct when the
object of the interpretive exercise was to discern the parties’ intentions _at
the time of entering into the contract_. Indeed, there are dangers in placing
too much weight on such evidence because it can, with the benefit of
hindsight, be shaped to suit each party’s position (see, for similar
observations, _HSBC Trustee_ at [50]). In any event, we have difficulties with
the inference that Mr Tong had sought to draw from the mere fact that the
expiry date of the Sub-Lease Agreement was stated as 6 October 2012 in the
Settlement Agreement. This is because, as Mr Tan pointed out, the evidence
appeared to suggest that YES did not have sight of the 2010 Lease Agreement
until _after_ these proceedings were commenced _in October 2012_ ; hence, it
is unclear how YES would have even known that Soup’s lease for Unit 141
expired on 18 October 2012 when the Settlement Agreement was entered into _in
June 2012_. For example, in an email dated 5 October 2012, Soup’s solicitors
rejected a request by YES’s solicitors for a copy of the 2010 Lease Agreement
on grounds that YES was not entitled to this document, and not that YES was
already in possession of this document. In any event, there is an innocuous
explanation for the 6 October 2012 expiry date in the Settlement Agreement,
which is simply that, with the parties’ relationship having already broken
down by the time of the Settlement Agreement, they no longer wanted to carry
on with any sharing arrangement in respect of Unit 141. From YES’s
perspective, therefore, what it had hoped to do was to merge its lease of the
Sub-Leased Premises with its own lease for Unit 137 and, to that end, to have
the expiry dates of both coincide on 6 October 2012. Indeed, subsequent to the
Settlement Agreement, YES did propose such a merger to the landlord and Soup
was initially receptive of this (although it subsequently changed its mind and
claimed possession over Unit 141 in its entirety) (see the Judgment at [25]).
Accordingly, we do not think that much can be read into the terms of the
Settlement Agreement as informing the construction of the Sub-Lease Agreement.

75 Having taken into account the relevant context as a whole, it appears to us
that Mr Tan’s emphasis on the specific language in cl 4 is not a mere exercise
in semantics. As we have already noted, this is a contract that was drafted by
business people who oversaw related (and sister) business entities. It is a
very rough and ready agreement – short and clearly not drafted with the
benefit of legal advice. It is clear, in our view, that the parties had
intended (in cl 4) that YES would continue to be a sub-lessee of Soup with
regard to the Sub-Leased Premises so long as Soup continued to lease Unit 141
from the landlord. With this business expectation in mind, YES embarked on the
expansion of its kitchen and VIP rooms and took the risk that it would – in
the medium to long term – be able to recoup the costs that it had incurred for
this purpose.

76 We therefore find that it is inconsistent with this context to read the
specific text in cl 4 as entitling Soup to sole possession of Unit 141 the
moment the 2010 Lease Agreement expired on 18 October 2012. That does not
reflect the reasonable commercial expectations of the parties at the time of
the Sub-Lease Agreement, when relations were still good. Accordingly, we hold
that YES was not in wrongful possession of the Sub-Leased Premises beyond 18
October 2012; hence, Soup’s claim for damages on this basis fails.

Conclusion

77 For the reasons set out above, we allow the appeal with costs. The usual
consequential orders will follow.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

