Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lin Lifen _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2015] SGHC 273

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 68 of 2015 and Criminal Motion No 57 of
2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Davinder Singh SC, Pardeep Singh Khosa, Navin S Thevar
and Nicholas Beetsma (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant; Sandy Baggett and
Joshua Lai (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lin Lifen — Public Prosecutor  
  
26 October 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

1 The appellant, a female Chinese national, pleaded guilty in the court below
to four immigration-related charges. Two of these charges concerned falsehoods
she perpetrated in relation to her educational qualifications in applications
for permanent resident (“PR”) status that she made more than a decade ago. The
other two charges concerned false statements that she made more recently in
disembarkation forms which she presented to immigration officers on her
arrival at the airport. Four other charges, all of which were similar in
nature to the latter two charges, were taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing.

2 A more detailed summary of the four charges to which the appellant pleaded
guilty is as follows:

(a) One charge (listed as the eighth charge) for having, in 2001, fraudulently
or dishonestly used a forged document as genuine in an attempt to obtain PR
status in Singapore, this forged document being a fake degree certificate
purportedly issued by the Foreign Economics and Trade University in Beijing –
an offence under s 471 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“Penal
Code”);

(b) One charge (the seventh charge) for having, in 2002, made a false
statement in an “Application for an Entry Permit” form in an attempt to obtain
PR status in Singapore, the false statement being that she had a “B.A
Economics” qualification from “the Foreign Economics and Trade University
China” – an offence under s 57(1)(_k_) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997
Rev Ed); and

(c) Two charges (the second and sixth charges) for having, on one occasion in
2009 and on another in 2014, made false statements in disembarkation forms in
order to obtain visit passes when entering Singapore, the false statement on
both occasions being that she had never previously used a passport under a
different name to enter Singapore – an offence under s 57(1)(_k_) of the
Immigration Act (Cap 133, 2008 Rev Ed). It will be noted that the seventh
charge involves the 1997 edition of the statute whereas the second and sixth
charges involve the 2008 edition, but since the relevant provisions are
identical in both editions I shall use the same term “Immigration Act” to
refer to both editions.

3 The District Judge sentenced the appellant to eight weeks’ imprisonment on
each of the four charges to which she pleaded guilty. The sentences for the
sixth and eighth charges were ordered to run consecutively for a total
sentence of 16 weeks’ imprisonment. The District Judge’s written grounds of
decision have been published as _Public Prosecutor v Lin Lifen_ [2015] SGDC
104 (“the GD”). The appellant now appeals against sentence.

Facts

4 The appellant first entered Singapore on a short-term social visit pass in
1996. She came in from China on a Chinese passport bearing the name “Lin
Lifen”. Between 1997 and 2000, she entered Singapore on numerous occasions
with her Chinese passport bearing that name. In the year 2000, the appellant
married a Canadian national by the name of Daniel Grayston. They have since
separated.

5 Mr Grayston was then present in Singapore under an employment pass. Under Mr
Grayston’s sponsorship, she was, on 16 September 2000, issued by the Singapore
immigration authority with a dependent pass valid from 5 December 2000 to 22
August 2002. However, she wanted to reside permanently in Singapore as she
then had a spa business here. With a view to obtaining a PR status, she sought
the assistance of one “Linda”. The appellant said that Linda told her that her
application for PR status would be viewed more favourably if she listed
university degree-level educational qualifications in the application. Thus
she obtained from Linda a fake degree certificate stating that she had a
Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the Foreign Economics and Trade University
in Beijing. The appellant was well aware that this was a forged document: she
had been educated up to Primary 5 level only.

6 On 2 March 2001, the appellant and Mr Grayston both submitted applications
for PR status. She submitted the fake degree certificate obtained from Linda
as proof that she had a university education. This gave rise to the eighth
charge against her, _ie_ , the charge for the Penal Code offence of
fraudulently or dishonestly using a forged document as genuine. Her duplicity
was discovered by the authorities on 22 May 2001 when the Foreign Economics
and Trade University wrote to confirm that the university certificate was
fake.

7 The following year, on 30 April 2002, the appellant submitted another
application for PR status. Part of the application form required her to state
details pertaining to her university degree. She filled in this part of the
form by stating that she had obtained a “B.A Economics” from the “Foreign
Economics and Trade University, China”. She knew that this information was
false. This was the subject of the seventh charge.

8 In the meantime, given that the authorities had discovered that the degree
certificate she presented in 2001 was fake, she was in 2002 charged with
offences under s 57(1)(_k_) of the Immigration Act. She claimed trial to the
charges and applied to leave Singapore while out on bail. The application was
granted on condition that she would appear before the court on 28 October 2002
to answer the charges. She did not turn up. A warrant of arrest was duly
issued against her.

9 Sometime between 2005 and 2006, the appellant obtained Canadian citizenship.
On 15 January 2009, she used a Canadian passport under the name “Shuting Lin
Grayson” to enter Singapore. On the disembarkation form that she filled in,
she declared that she had “never used a passport under a different name to
enter Singapore” even though she knew this to be false. She was duly granted a
30-day visit pass by the immigration officer. This was the subject of the
second charge. I would add that the appellant also entered Singapore on four
other occasions in 2009, and on each occasion she made the same false
declaration in the disembarkation form.

10 In the middle of 2013, with the charges from 2002 still outstanding, the
appellant engaged lawyers to write to the Singapore authorities in an attempt
to resolve the matter of those charges. A number of letters were written by
her lawyers. In one, dated 14 May 2013, her lawyers stated that she “now
wishe[d] to make amends”; in another, dated 15 August 2013, her lawyers asked
the authorities to “withdraw both charges against her in lieu of a stern
warning or alternatively to issue a composition fine”, and to have her
“cleared to return back to Singapore”. The authorities, however, took the
position that there would be no resolution of the matter until the appellant
returned to Singapore.

11 The appellant did return to Singapore on 21 March 2014. On this occasion
she used a diplomatic passport from the Central African Republic which was in
the name of “Charlize Lin” – according to her, she had obtained this passport
sometime at the end of 2012 or the beginning of 2013 because she had the
intention of investing in diamond mining and oil exploration in that country.
As she had done in 2009, she declared that she had “never used a passport
under a different name to enter Singapore” in the disembarkation form despite
knowing this to be false. This was the subject of the sixth charge. On that
occasion, she was detained because of documentation irregularities and
subsequently charged for the various offences she committed from 2001 onwards.

The prescribed punishments

12 To reiterate, the appellant pleaded guilty to one charge for the offence of
using as genuine a forged document under s 471 of the Penal Code – this was
the eighth charge – and to three charges for the offence under s 57(1)(_k_) of
the Immigration Act, which were the second, sixth and seventh charges. The
maximum punishment for an offence under s 471 of the Penal Code in 2001/2002
was, as prescribed by the then s 465 of the same statute, two years’
imprisonment and a fine with no stated limit. The maximum punishment was
enhanced by the Penal Code (Amendment) Act 2007 (Act 51 of 2007) to four
years’ imprisonment and a fine with no stated limit. For convenience I
reproduce the relevant provisions here:

**Punishment for forgery**

**465**. Whoever commits forgery shall be punished with imprisonment for a
term which may extend to 2 years, or with fine, or with both.

…

**Using as genuine a forged document or forged electronic record**

**471**. Whoever fraudulently or dishonestly uses as genuine any document or
electronic record which he knows or has reason to believe to be a forged
document or forged electronic record, shall be punished in the same manner as
if he had forged such document or electronic record.

13 As for the offence defined by s 57(1)(_k_) of the Immigration Act, the
maximum punishment is 12 months’ imprisonment and a $4,000 fine. I also
reproduce the relevant provisions here:

**Offences**

**57.—(1**) Any person who —

...

(_k_) by making a false statement obtains or attempts to obtain an entry or a
re-entry permit, pass, Singapore visa or certificate for himself or for any
other person;

…

shall be guilty of an offence and —

…

(vi) in the case of an offence under paragraph (_f_), (_g_), (_h_), (_i_),
(_j_), (_k_) or (_l_), shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding
$4,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to both; …

The decision of the District Judge

14 In the GD, the District Judge provided (at [74]) a helpful summary of his
reasons for imposing a sentence of eight weeks’ imprisonment on each charge.
In relation to the charge under the Penal Code, he considered that he should
take guidance from a precedent, _Maria Eloisa L Slorach v PP_ (Magistrate’s
Appeal No 14 of 1996, unreported) (“ _Maria Eloisa_ ”), in which the offender
was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment and a $2,000 fine in the context of
a similar “factual matrix” (at [17]–[19]).

15 In relation to the charges under the Immigration Act, the District Judge
applied the analytical framework articulated in the High Court decision of
_Abu Syeed Chowdhury v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 182 (“ _Chowdhury_
”). He found that the appellant’s false statements in the disembarkation forms
were “material” as she would have been denied entry into Singapore had she
indicated that she had previously travelled under the name of “Lin Lifen” (at
[30]–[32] of the GD); that she had “acted in conscious defiance of the
authorities” and gone to “great lengths to deceive them”, and in this
connection he said that he had “difficulty” accepting her claim that the
different names she had used, “Shuting Lin Grayson” and “Charlize Lin”, were
“not fake names” (at [33]–[38]); and that the appellant’s false statements
were a “very serious matter” as they had an impact on Singapore’s “national
security” (at [39]). I note that, although the District Judge considered that
he was addressing all three Immigration Act charges, his reasoning appears to
be directed only towards the second and sixth charges and not the seventh
charge which concerned the false statement she had made in an application form
for PR status that she had obtained a “B.A Economics” from the “Foreign
Economics and Trade University, China”.

16 The District Judge proceeded to explain his rejection of the various
mitigating factors advanced by the defence. He did not consider her a first-
time offender as she had committed multiple offences in Singapore from 2002 to
2014 (at [41]–[46] of the GD); he did not think that she had shown “genuine
remorse and willingness to take responsibility” for her past offences by
engaging lawyers to write to the Singapore authorities in 2013 (at [47]–[50]);
and he rejected her claim that the “primary purpose” for her re-entering
Singapore was to spend time with her son, finding instead that she had been
drawn back by the “powerful pull of profit, rather than familial bonds” (at
[52]–[58]). Finally, he noted that it was an aggravating factor that the
appellant had re-offended after absconding while on bail (at [66]–[69]).

The appellant’s contentions

17 Mr Davinder Singh SC, counsel for the appellant, contends that the District
Judge did not draw a sufficient distinction between the seventh and eighth
charges on one hand, which concerned events in 2001 and 2002, and the second
and sixth charges on the other hand, which pertained to events in 2009 and
2014. Mr Singh submits that the District Judge wrongly assumed that all the
charges were connected, with the result that he applied the same aggravating
factor – the appellant’s having absconded while on bail – to all four charges,
when it was in truth irrelevant to the second and sixth charges. He argues
more generally that the seventh and eighth charges should be analysed
separately from the second and sixth charges.

18 In relation to the seventh and eighth charges, both of which concerned the
appellant’s attempt to deceive the authorities as to her educational
qualifications in applications for PR status in 2001 and 2002, Mr Singh
submits that the appellant’s culpability is not that grave because the
consequences of her deception were not substantial. He points out that she was
someone whom the authorities were prepared to allow to reside in Singapore, as
evidenced by the fact that she was on a dependent pass valid until August
2002, and she would have been eligible, in any event, to apply for PR status
on the basis that her then husband Mr Grayson had himself become a PR. This,
says Mr Singh, distinguishes the appellant’s case from those cases in which
the offenders deceived the authorities in order to live here in circumstances
where, but for the deception, the authorities would not have permitted that.
As for _Maria Eloisa_ , the precedent relied on by the District Judge and the
prosecution, Mr Singh submits that it should be given little weight because
the absence of a written decision in that case renders it impossible to
ascertain the reasons for the sentence imposed there. The sentence could very
well be explicable on the basis of facts or context that are peculiar to it,
and given the lack of information as to those facts or that context it is not
safe to rely on it.

19 As for the second and sixth charges, both of which concerned the
appellant’s false statement that she had never previously used a passport
under a different name to enter Singapore, Mr Singh argues that the District
Judge erred in finding that the appellant had used “fake names” to enter
Singapore and had thus overstated her culpability. He contends further that
the District Judge also erred in finding that the appellant was drawn back to
Singapore by the prospect of financial profit, the true position being that
she returned in order to see her son. She was therefore not an “economic
migrant”, to use a phrase from _Chowdhury_ (at [26]). All this meant that
there was no need to impose a harsh sentence on her.

20 In all the circumstances, says Mr Singh, non-custodial sentences should be
imposed on the appellant for all the charges. In the event that I am
nonetheless minded to impose custodial sentences, he submits that the terms of
imprisonment should not exceed one week per charge and two weeks in total.

21 To support his contentions Mr Singh put in an application to adduce further
evidence by way of Criminal Motion No 57 of 2015. The further evidence
consisted of an affidavit affirmed by the appellant in which she states, among
other things, that (i) the names “Shuting Lin Grayson” and “Charlize Lin”
which she used to enter Singapore were not fake names but were names that she
had used in Canada and the Central African Republic, (ii) she was misled by
Linda into thinking that the only way to apply for PR status was to forge her
educational qualifications, and (iii) she entered Singapore in order to see
her son, and in particular, when she entered Singapore on 21 March 2014 her
intention was to be with her son on his 12th birthday which fell on the
following day. The prosecution resisted Mr Singh’s application, and, in so
doing, placed before me an affidavit affirmed by the investigation officer in
the appellant’s case. Mr Singh, in turn, took objection to parts of that
affidavit on the ground that they contained irrelevant and prejudicial
material.

22 I decided that I would admit both the appellant’s and the investigation
officer’s affidavits, subject to Mr Singh’s right to object to those parts of
the latter affidavit which he considered prejudicial. The prosecution
subsequently indicated that it would not be relying on those portions said to
be prejudicial to the appellant and agreed to Mr Singh’s request that those
portions not be read out in open court. The hearing proceeded on that basis
and in the circumstances I need say no more about this matter.

Distinct offences

23 I agree with Mr Singh’s submission that the seventh and eighth charges
should be considered separately from the second and sixth charges. This is
because the essential nature of the wrongdoings in the two set of charges is
not the same. I shall take them in turn, beginning with the seventh and eighth
charges as they concern events which occurred earlier.

The fake university degree qualifications

24 Although the seventh and eighth charges are all concerned with the fake
certificate, I would reiterate that even those two charges are distinct and
different offences. The seventh charge concerned s 57(1)(_k_) of the
Immigration Act whereas the eighth charge concerned s 471 of the Penal Code.
The Immigration Act offence relates to the making of false _statements_
whereas the Penal Code offence relates to forged _documents_. In the present
case, the seventh charge pertains to a false statement made by the appellant
in her 2002 application while the eighth charge pertains to her use of a
forged document in relation to her 2001 application. The prescribed
punishments for the two offences are different. As at 2001/2002, for the
Immigration Act offence, the maximum punishment was 12 months’ imprisonment
and a $4,000 fine, but for the Penal Code offence the maximum punishment was
two years’ imprisonment and a fine with no specified limit.

Relationship between Immigration Act and Penal Code offences

25 Despite this difference in the prescribed maximum punishments for the said
Immigration Act and Penal Code offences, I must observe that it is not unusual
to find that in an application to the immigration authorities the applicant
could have offended both statutes when he makes a false statement in his
application and supports it with a forged document. In such a case, the
prosecution could charge the offender with either the Immigration Act offence
or the Penal Code offence. Admittedly, that is the prerogative of the
prosecution. As a result, different punishment ranges would be attracted. It
seems to me that this is a circumstance which the court has to bear in mind
when it determines the appropriate sentence in a case where the offender is
being charged under the Penal Code. There must be a semblance of fairness
having regard to all the circumstances of each case.

26 In the present case, the appellant submitted a forged degree certificate in
an application for PR status made in 2001, and then falsely stated in a second
application for PR status, made in 2002, that she had a Bachelor’s degree from
a Chinese university. If the forged degree certificate was also submitted in
2002 in support of the false statement as to her educational qualifications,
which one would imagine would ordinarily be the case, the nature of the
appellant’s criminality in the 2001 and 2002 offences would be obviously
identical, and it would be anomalous and wrong to impose different sentences
for both offences. It is not clear from the available material whether the
forged certificate was also submitted in 2002, but in my view, even if it was
not, it would be reasonable to infer that no certificate needed be tendered
then because the “certificate” was already in the file in relation to the 2001
application. If the immigration authorities had insisted that the
“certificate” be presented again, she would have tendered the fake certificate
to prove her claim of being a graduate. There is some merit in the contention
that the nature of the wrongdoing in both instances is the same, namely,
claiming that the appellant is a graduate for the purposes of obtaining PR
status.

27 Another way of putting it is that the 2001 and 2002 offences effectively
formed one transaction and were two manifestations of what was essentially a
single criminal enterprise, _viz_ , a scheme to deceive the immigration
authorities into thinking that she was better-qualified than she actually was
with the aid of a forged document. In these circumstances, I should consider
that her culpability in making the false statement in 2002 is
indistinguishable from her culpability in using the forged document in 2001.

28 Having determined that the sentences for the seventh and eighth charges
ought really to be the same, I turn now to consider whether the District
Judge’s sentence of eight weeks’ imprisonment per charge is manifestly
excessive. In this connection, I consider that I am not limited either to
precedents involving s 471 of the Penal Code or to precedents involving s
57(1)(_k_) of the Immigration Act, but may instead draw from precedents of
both kinds.

Precedents involving applications for PR status

29 The precedent relied on by the District Judge and the prosecution is _Maria
Eloisa_ , and that was a case concerning s 471 of the Penal Code. It appears
that there is an unpublished written decision in that case – it was placed
before me by the prosecution, and so I rely on the decision rather than the
summary of the case in _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2013) (“ _Sentencing Practice_ ”), at p 1015. The
offender in _Maria Eloisa_ was a holder of a student’s pass who subsequently
married a Singapore PR. Shortly after the marriage, she applied for PR status,
and in so doing submitted a forged certificate stating that she had completed
a secondary course in a Philippine university. She said in mitigation that she
wanted to be a PR to be with her husband and two stepchildren, and that she
was pregnant. The prosecution produced statistics to show that there “had been
48 such cases” in the latter half of 1995; there was no indication of what
“such cases” referred to. She was sentenced at first instance to three months’
imprisonment but the High Court reduced this to two months’ imprisonment and a
$2,000 fine.

30 Mr Singh contended that, notwithstanding the similarities between the facts
of _Maria Eloisa_ and those of the present case, that case had very limited
precedential value owing to the lack of detailed grounds or reasoning there.
He referred me to the remarks of Chan Sek Keong CJ in _Luong Thi Trang Hoang
Kathleen v Public Prosecutor_ [2010] 1 SLR 707 (at [21]–[22]) cautioning
against placing undue reliance on unreported cases. The force of this
submission has been reduced to some extent by the present availability of the
unpublished written decision, but I would not say that the submission has been
eclipsed completely because the written decision is fairly brief and short on
analysis. I therefore think that undue emphasis should not be placed on _Maria
Eloisa_. Rather, the sentence in that case should be compared with sentences
imposed in other cases that involved similar facts and in which the court’s
reasoning was more fully articulated. There are a number of other precedents
on point which bear a striking similarity to the present case in that they all
concerned offenders who made false statements as to their educational
qualifications in applications for PR status and submitted forged documents in
support of those false statements. The main difference between all these
precedents and _Maria Eloisa_ is that they involved charges for the offence
under s 57(1)(_k_) of the Immigration Act, whereas _Maria Eloisa_ involved the
offence under s 471 of the Penal Code. But, as I have endeavoured to explain,
where there are two cases in which the criminal behaviour of the offenders is
very similar, the sentences to be imposed generally ought not to diverge to a
substantial degree, regardless of whether the charge brought against each
offender is for the Immigration Act offence or the Penal Code offence. In any
event, the present case involves both the Immigration Act and Penal Code
offences. I now turn to consider those precedents involving the Immigration
Act offence.

31 In _Shi Rongping v Public Prosecutor_ [2010] SGHC 61 (“ _Shi Rongping_ ”),
a decision of Choo Han Teck J, the offender was a female Chinese national who
married a Singaporean. A few months after their marriage, she applied for PR
status, and in so doing she falsely stated that her highest academic
qualification was “Senior High” from a middle school in China. Choo J noted
that she had “produced a forged certificate” in support of that false
statement (at [4]). The true position was that she had left the school a year
before she would have attained that “Senior High” qualification. She pleaded
guilty to a single charge for the offence under s 57(1)(_k_) of the
Immigration Act. Choo J decided that the sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment
imposed at first instance was “too harsh” and he imposed a fine of $3,000
instead (see _Shi Rongping_ at [6]). He considered it relevant that the
offender had spent five days in remand, and that the offender had in fact
attended the school which she claimed she attended, except that she did not
spend as much time there as she said she had done (at [5]).

32 In the present case, the appellant had also spent time in remand, and a
longer period of three weeks at that, but she did not even complete primary
school, let alone graduate from university – her highest educational
qualification being the Primary 5 level. Besides that being a point of
distinction between _Shi Rongping_ and the present case, there is the further
fact that the appellant here fled the jurisdiction while out on bail and did
not voluntarily return for the purpose of facing the charges against her.

33 I next turn to examine four precedents which are different from _Shi
Rongping_ and the present case in one respect, _viz_ , the offenders in those
precedents were not married to Singapore citizens or PRs. Despite this
difference I consider that some measure of guidance may be obtained from these
precedents given the similarity between them and the present case in all other
respects.

34 In _Public Prosecutor v Sandar Aye_ [2006] SGDC 126 (“ _Sandar Aye_ ”), the
offender falsely stated in an application for PR status that her highest
academic qualification was a Bachelor of Science in mathematics from a
university in Myanmar, and submitted a forged degree certificate in support of
the statement. She did in fact have a Bachelor of Science degree from that
university but it was in physics rather than mathematics. She pleaded guilty
to one charge under s 57(1)(_k_) of the Immigration Act, and to one other
charge under the Employment of Foreign Workers Act (Cap 91A, 1997 Rev Ed) also
involving a false statement concerning her academic credentials. Two other
charges relating to similar false statements were taken into consideration.
She was sentenced to six weeks’ imprisonment on the Immigration Act charge,
and four weeks on the other charge, both sentences to run concurrently. Her
appeal by way of Magistrate’s Appeal No 85 of 2006 was dismissed.

35 _Prima facie_ it is difficult to reconcile _Sandar Aye_ with _Shi
Rongping_. In both cases, the offender’s false statements were of a lower
degree of falsity in that they had in fact attended the schools they claimed
to have attended, but there is a significant disparity in the sentences
imposed. It is clearly arguable that the offender in _Sandar Aye_ was less
culpable than the offender in _Shi Rongping_ in that she had in fact obtained
a Bachelor’s degree as claimed, except in a different academic discipline.
Given that the offender in _Sandar Aye_ faced a larger number of charges, that
could be the reason why the total sentence imposed in her case was higher than
that in _Shi Rongping_ ; it could also be that, since the application for PR
status in _Shi Rongping_ was made in the context of the fact that the offender
was married to a Singaporean, the false statement could be thought to be less
material and so deserving of a less severe sanction as compared to a case in
which the offender did not have the benefit of spousal ties with a Singapore
citizen or PR. Even so, the difference in the sentences in the two cases is
fairly stark, and it may well be that the sentence in _Sandar Aye_ was on the
high side in light of _Shi Rongping_. I express no concluded opinion on this.

36 In _Public Prosecutor v Lin Shuliang_ [2009] SGDC 249, the offender falsely
stated in two separate applications for PR status that his highest academic
qualification was “middle school” and produced a forged certificate in support
of those statements. He pleaded guilty to two charges under s 57(1)(_k_) of
the Immigration Act. His application for PR status was made under the scheme
for professionals, technical personnel and skilled workers, as opposed to the
scheme for spouses of Singapore citizens and PRs, and it seemed to be
undisputed that an applicant’s educational qualifications were a “prime”
consideration for applications under that scheme (at [16]). The District Judge
sentenced the offender to two weeks’ imprisonment for each of the two charges,
with the two sentences to run concurrently for a total sentence of two weeks’
imprisonment. In so doing, she took into account the offender’s “contributions
to the economy as well as the community with his business operations” (at
[27]). The offender’s appeal by way of Magistrate’s Appeal No 182 of 2009 was
dismissed.

37 In _Public Prosecutor v Ramasamy Alagu Pandian_ [2008] SGDC 27, the
offender falsely stated in an application for PR status that he had graduated
with a diploma in mechanical engineering from an institution in India, and
produced a forged diploma certificate in support of the statement. He pleaded
guilty to one charge for the offence under s 57(1)(_k_) of the Immigration
Act, and to two other charges involving false statements in his and another
person’s applications for an employment pass. Three other Immigration Act
charges were taken into consideration. He was sentenced to four weeks’
imprisonment for the charge involving the application for PR status, and the
total sentence imposed was eight weeks’ imprisonment. His appeal by way of
Magistrate’s Appeal No 4 of 2008 was dismissed.

38 In _Public Prosecutor v Thangarasu Sabapathi_ [2009] SGDC 399 (“
_Thangarasu Sabapathi_ ”), the offender falsely stated in an application for
PR status that his highest academic qualification was a “Degree in Bachelor of
Science” from a university in India, and produced a forged certificate in
support of the statement. In fact he had never attended that university. He
pleaded guilty to a single charge for an offence under s 57(1)(_k_) of the
Immigration Act. He was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment. He lodged an
appeal by way of Magistrate’s Appeal No 340 of 2009 but subsequently withdrew
it. It is apparent that the sentence imposed in this precedent was
substantially higher than the sentences imposed in the other precedents I have
considered, with the possible exception of the sentence in _Sandar Aye_ which,
as I have said, could perhaps also be considered to be on the high side. Given
that the offender in _Thangarasu Sabapathi_ withdrew the appeal before it
could be heard on the merits, and given that the sentence imposed by the
District Judge seems unusually high when compared to the other precedents, I
would view this precedent with caution.

Precedents involving applications for employment passes

39 The precedents considered so far involved false statements in applications
for PR status. There is also a line of four cases involving false statements
in applications for employment passes. Just as in the present case, the false
statements in those four cases concerned the offenders’ educational
qualifications and were supported by forged documentary credentials. In all
those cases, the offenders were charged for the offence under s 57(1)(_k_) of
the Immigration Act only, even though it appears that they could also have
been charged for the offence under s 471 of the Penal Code given their use of
forged documents. In two of the cases fines were imposed, but terms of
imprisonment were imposed in the other two. I describe them briefly:

(a) In _Chowdhury_ , a decision of Yong Pung How CJ which I previously
referred to at [15] above, the offender faced three charges for having made
false statements in three applications for an employment pass, the false
statements all being that he held a Bachelor of Science degree from a
Bangladesh university when this was not true. All the applications were
supported by copies of a forged graduation certificate, as Yong CJ noted (at
[7]). He thought that a substantial sentence was warranted for a number of
reasons, one of which was that the offender’s deceit had “deprived a better-
qualified candidate of entry into the country” (at [33]). Yong CJ thus
enhanced a total sentence of eight weeks’ imprisonment to two months’
imprisonment per charge, with two sentences to run consecutively for a total
of four months’ imprisonment.

(b) In _Public Prosecutor v Prasanna Ananthakrishnan_ [2003] SGDC 204, the
offender falsely stated that he had graduated from an Indian university with a
Bachelor of Science in computer science and a Master of Computer Science, when
in fact his highest educational qualifications were the Indian equivalent of
the GCE ‘A’ Levels. The District Judge noted that the offender had come to
Singapore only after he had been asked to run a company of which he was the
main shareholder and into which he had invested $100,000 of his own money (at
[4]). The District Judge considered that this company “had suffered no
detriment as a result of the false declaration”, and that the offender “had
not deprived a potentially better qualified efficient [_sic_] of a job
opportunity or put anyone at risk of adverse consequences by performing a job
without the requisite skill” (at [16]). Given these circumstances, the
District Judge thought that a $4,000 fine was sufficient punishment.

(c) In _Public Prosecutor v Lai Yu Jing_ [2003] SGDC 98, the offender falsely
stated that she had graduated with a Bachelor’s degree from a Chinese
university when in fact her highest educational qualification was a higher
secondary school certificate. The District Judge considered that the
offender’s culpability was reduced by the fact that she had not made this
false statement “to gain entry into Singapore or to secure a job which she did
not qualify for”. She was already in Singapore on a 6 months social visit pass
but she wanted a longer term pass. Her “main motive” in making the false
statements was to rent an apartment near the school which her son attended (at
[14]). The District Judge imposed a sentence of three weeks’ imprisonment, but
this was reduced on appeal to a $2,000 fine.

(d) In _Rivera Eleazar P v Public Prosecutor_ (Magistrate’s Appeal 308 of
1997, unreported), the offender made one false statement in his application
for an employment pass, this statement being that he had a Bachelor’s degree
in Commerce (Marketing). This false statement was supported by a forged degree
certificate. He had previously made the same false statement in a separate
application for an employment pass. He was charged for the second offence he
committed. He was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment. There was no appeal
against sentence. It appears that there is no written decision available but
there is a summary of the case in _Sentencing Practice_ , at p 1541.

40 I mention these four cases involving applications for employment passes
because they were referred to by the parties in their submissions, but in my
view, I need not and do not place reliance on them for purposes of determining
the appropriate sentence in the present case. This is because the
considerations in employment pass cases may well be different from those in PR
cases. It might be thought that PR status is generally more valuable than an
employment pass and hence deceit in the context of applications for PR status
should be viewed more seriously. On the other hand it could be thought that
one’s educational qualifications may be more pertinent to the immigration
authorities’ decision whether to grant an employment pass than to a decision
as to whether to grant PR status, such that misrepresenting one’s educational
qualifications in the context of employment pass applications should merit
harsher sanction. In the absence of full arguments on the applicability of
these precedents to the present case, I consider that it would be prudent not
to rely on them if it is unnecessary to do so. Indeed there is no need to rely
on these precedents here because there is no shortage of precedents involving
applications for PR status.

The appropriate sentence in the present case

41 Returning to the facts of the present case, Mr Singh argues, as I have
noted, that the appellant’s falsehoods in her applications for PR status in
2001 and 2002 should be seen in the light of the fact that the authorities
were willing to allow her to live in Singapore until August 2002 on a
dependent pass, as well as the fact that her then husband was a PR at the time
of her 2002 application, such that she would have been eligible to apply for
PR status as the spouse of a PR. Mr Singh suggests that the appellant’s
criminal behaviour was akin or analogous to perpetrating a falsehood in order
to achieve something that she would have been entitled to on another basis,
and in this connection he referred to the case of _Public Prosecutor v Teng
Siong Wei_ [2009] SGDC 465 (“ _Teng Siong Wei_ ”). The offender there faced
four charges under s 471 of the Penal Code by reason of his having forged four
bills of lading in respect of 48 used vehicles, which he then submitted to the
Land Transport Authority (“LTA”) for the purpose of claiming COE rebates.

42 In order to claim these COE rebates, the offender needed to show the LTA
the export documents containing the engine and chassis numbers of the relevant
used vehicles. The difficulty for him was that the used vehicles had been
dismantled at various packing yards and exported without their engine and
chassis numbers stated in the export documents. Hence, he obtained the forged
bills of lading which stated that the 48 used vehicles, with their engine and
chassis numbers specified, had been packed on board a certain vessel and
shipped to various countries. He was sentenced to a $6,000 fine per charge for
a total fine of $24,000. In imposing a non-custodial sentence, the District
Judge took into account the fact that there had been no “fraudulent or
exaggerated claim” for COE rebates (at [11]); he thought that this was _not_ a
case in which the LTA was deceived into giving the rebates “when the
eligibility condition had not been fulfilled”, and this was instead a case
where the offences had been committed “in the process of claiming a legitimate
entitlement” (at [12]). In other words, the offender did not use the forged
bills of lading to claim rebates which he would not otherwise have been
entitled to; the fact is that he was entitled to those rebates, except that
technical documentation requirements had not been met.

43 In my judgment, _Teng Siong Wei_ does not assist the appellant. Her then
husband’s PR status meant only that she was eligible to apply for PR status,
and not that she was entitled to PR status; and the authorities’ willingness
to allow her to reside in Singapore on a dependent pass hardly equates to a
readiness to grant her PR status because, as Mr Singh accepted, PR status
confers upon a person more rights and privileges than a dependent pass does.
Thus, in making the false statement and using a forged document in her
application for PR status, the appellant was not seeking to obtain something
that she was already entitled to, and this puts a great deal of distance
between _Teng Siong Wei_ and the present case so that I cannot see how one
could say that the two cases are akin or analogous.

44 I should mention that Mr Singh advanced the argument premised on _Teng
Siong Wei_ in tandem with an argument based on certain passages in _Chowdhury_
, and this latter argument merits some comment. In _Chowdhury_ , Yong CJ said
(at [27]) that “four considerations should prevail on the judicial mind in
applying the sentencing norm” for cases involving an offence under s
57(1)(_k_) of the Immigration Act. One consideration is the offender’s
“personal mitigating factors” (at [31]); the other three are (at [28]–[30]):

(a) The materiality of the false statement on the mind of the decision-maker;

(b) The nature and extent of the deception; and

(c) The consequences of the deception.

45 Mr Singh’s submission seemed to be that these three considerations from
_Chowdhury_ are meant to function as cumulative requirements, such that a
custodial sentence is called for only if (a) the false statement is material
in the decision-maker’s mind, (b) the nature and extent of the deception was
significant, and (c) the consequences of the deception were substantial.
Hence, if the false statement was material and the extent of the deception was
significant, but the consequences of the deception were not substantial in
that the offender did not gain anything he would not otherwise have been
entitled to – as was the case in _Teng Siong Wei_ , according to Mr Singh – a
custodial sentence would not be warranted.

46 However, I have my doubts that this is how the considerations in
_Chowdhury_ are meant to be applied. I do not see them as conditions that are,
in binary all-or-nothing fashion, either met or not met. On the contrary,
these considerations were expressed in an open-ended manner by Yong CJ and I
would view them as essentially identifying the important factors that a
sentencing judge should look out for in a given case, and nothing more. So,
for instance, given a case in which the false statement is material and the
extent of the deception significant, but the consequences of the deception are
not substantial, I would not say categorically that a custodial sentence
should never be imposed, even if a non-custodial sentence would be appropriate
in the vast majority of cases answering that description. It must depend on
the circumstances of each case.

47 I accept that the immigration authorities’ preparedness to let the
appellant reside in Singapore until August 2002 on a dependent pass
demonstrates that her falsehoods had no impact on “national security”,
contrary to what appears to have been the District Judge’s view. But it is
difficult to see how that fact of the authorities’ willingness to let her live
here is of much mitigating value beyond this, given that, as I have already
mentioned, PR status carries with it substantially greater rights and
privileges than a dependent pass does.

48 The appellant also says that she was misled by Linda into thinking that the
only way in which she could obtain her PR status was to misrepresent her
educational qualifications, when in fact she would have been eligible to apply
for PR status on the basis that her then-husband was a PR. But I see little
mitigating value in this. Even if I accept that Linda instigated the appellant
to make the false statement and submit a fake certificate, the fact is that
she fully participated in the fraud and her culpability is not reduced to any
substantial extent just because this was done on someone else’s prompting. She
would have known it was wrong. Further, as I have mentioned, the appellant was
merely eligible to apply for PR status on the strength of her spousal ties and
had no automatic entitlement to become a PR.

49 In my judgment, there is nothing exceptional in the present case that would
warrant a non-custodial sentence. While I broadly agree with Mr Singh’s
submission that I should not place much reliance on _Maria Eloisa_ , there are
other precedents which suggest that a custodial sentence would be appropriate,
_Shi Rongping_ notwithstanding. Having regard to those precedents involving
false statements as to educational qualifications in applications for PR
status supported by forged credentials, which involved terms of imprisonment
ranging from two to eight weeks in duration, and keeping in mind what I have
said about _Thangarasu Sabapathi_ (at [38] above), I am of the view that the
proper starting point for the seventh and eighth charges in the present case
would be two to four weeks’ imprisonment per charge.

50 That is but the starting point: there remains an important aggravating
factor to be taken into account, which is the fact that the appellant
absconded while out on bail. To reiterate, she was initially charged in 2002
for having made the false statements in her applications for PR status but was
released on bail and permitted to travel out of the jurisdiction. However, she
did not return to answer the charges. This justifies enhancing the sentence
beyond the starting point on the principle of retribution, in that her
blameworthiness is greater given her manifest intention to frustrate the
proper operation of the law in Singapore, as well as on the principle of
general deterrence, in that it should be made known to all accused persons
that they will be dealt with more harshly, if they deliberately breach their
bail undertakings.

51 Taking the fact of the appellant’s absconding into account, I am unable to
say that a sentence of eight weeks’ imprisonment for each of the seventh and
eighth charges is manifestly excessive, even if it might be thought to be on
the higher end of the acceptable range. I am therefore of the view that the
sentences for the seventh and eighth charges should stand.

The false statements in disembarkation forms

52 I turn now to consider the second and sixth charges, which concerned the
appellant’s false statements in disembarkation forms that she had never used a
passport under a different name to enter Singapore. I shall first survey a
number of precedents that I consider to be pertinent before addressing the
facts of the present case.

Precedents

53 There are a number of precedents that are similar to the present case in
that those cases also involved false statements in disembarkation forms that
the offender had never used a passport under a different name to enter
Singapore. I consider these precedents pertinent. That said, some of these
precedents involve offenders who had previously been barred from entering
Singapore altogether unless they obtained express permission from the
authorities, and this fact could, to an extent, distinguish those precedents
from the present case.

54 Before I address the relevant precedents, I should say that I do not find
particularly helpful a precedent cited by the appellant, _Public Prosecutor v
Nguyen Thi Thanh Dong_ [2013] SGDC 339. The offender there was married to a
Singaporean and she put in an application for a long-term visit pass. In this
application she made a false statement indistinguishable from the one in the
present case, _viz_ , that she had never entered Singapore using a different
passport or name. She pleaded guilty to a charge for the offence under s
57(1)(_k_) of the Immigration Act, and to two other charges, specifically,
carrying on an unlicensed remittance business and being a self-employed
foreigner without a valid work pass. Seven other charges under s 57(1)(_k_) of
the Immigration Act were taken into consideration. She was sentenced to four
weeks’ imprisonment and her appeal by way of Magistrate’s Appeal No 226 of
2013 was dismissed.

55 I do not consider this case to be very useful because the false statement
was made in an application for a long-term visit pass rather than a
disembarkation form, and different considerations might apply when sentencing
offenders in the two different situations. For instance, it might be argued
that a false statement in a disembarkation form would result in nothing more
than a visit pass of relatively limited duration, whereas a long-term visit
pass might, as the name suggests, confer on a person the permission to remain
in Singapore for a longer period of time, such that, all things being equal, a
false statement in an application for a long-term pass should be viewed more
seriously than the same false statement in a disembarkation form. On the other
hand, it might be argued that a false statement in a disembarkation form could
result in the entry of a person who ought not to be able to enter Singapore at
all, whereas false statements in long-term visit pass applications would
involve only offenders whose eligibility to enter Singapore is not in doubt.
In the absence of proper argument along these lines which would help in
determining the applicability of this precedent, I would hesitate to rely on
it when there are more precedents directly on point involving false statements
made in disembarkation forms.

56 The prosecution referred me to _Public Prosecutor v Jennet Aligado
Simsuango @ Emilyn Mertin Salpon_ (Magistrate’s Arrest Case 2758 of 2009 and
others, unreported). The offender there falsely stated in a disembarkation
form that she had never entered Singapore using a different passport and she
pleaded guilty to a charge under s 57(1)(_k_) of the Immigration Act. It seems
that the offender had been lawfully removed from Singapore a number of years
ago such that it would be an offence for her to re-enter Singapore without
written permission from the authorities. The offender also faced another
charge for throwing a beer bottle and beer mug at a hawker stall owner, and
she had a previous conviction for unlawful return to Singapore. She was
sentenced to four months’ imprisonment for the Immigration Act charge and that
was also the total sentence imposed on her. She did not appeal. There was no
written decision in this case; neither was there even a summary of the case in
_Sentencing Practice_. Hence I consider that I should exercise caution in
relying on this case.

57 I would refer to three other precedents. In _Public Prosecutor v Abul
Basher Md Khabiruddin_ [2007] SGDC 58, the offender claimed trial to seven
charges for the offence under s 57(1)(_k_) of the Immigration Act. He was
found to have made false statements on seven occasions in disembarkation forms
that he had never used a passport under a different name to enter Singapore.
It does not appear that he was barred from entering Singapore at the time he
made these false statements. He was sentenced to six weeks’ imprisonment per
charge, with three sentences ordered to run consecutively for a total sentence
of 18 weeks’ imprisonment. He appealed by way of Magistrate’s Appeal No 237 of
2006 but this was dismissed.

58 In _Public Prosecutor v Duong Bao Ngoc_ [2010] SGDC 178, the offender
claimed trial to four charges under s 57(1)(_k_) of the Immigration Act, the
allegation being that she had on four occasions falsely stated in
disembarkation forms that she had never used a passport under a different name
to enter Singapore. She was convicted on these charges and eight other
immigration-related charges. The District Judge noted (at [3]) that a removal
order had been issued against her such that she would have had to obtain
permission from the authorities to enter Singapore. He sentenced her to two
months’ imprisonment for each charge involving a false statement on the
disembarkation form. The total sentence imposed on the offender (with the
sentences in respect of five charges being ordered to run consecutively) was
10 months’ imprisonment and a $4,000 fine. The offender appealed by way of
Magistrate’s Appeal No 158 of 2010 but it was dismissed.

59 In _Public Prosecutor v Mohammad Ali Mohammad Monsur Ali_ [2013] SGDC 133,
the offender claimed trial to two charges under s 57(1)(_k_) of the
Immigration Act, the allegation being that he had on two occasions falsely
stated in disembarkation forms that he had never used a passport under a
different name to enter Singapore. A removal order had been issued against him
that banned him from entering Singapore and thus he also faced charges for
returning to Singapore in spite of the removal order. He was convicted and
sentenced to two months’ imprisonment for each charge under s 57(1)(_k_) of
the Immigration Act. The total sentence imposed on him (with sentences in
respect of three charges being ordered to run consecutively) was two years and
two months’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane. He lodged an appeal by
way of Magistrate’s Appeal No 82 of 2013 but subsequently withdrew it.

The appropriate sentence in the present case

60 In the present case, the appellant was under no removal order and she was
not barred from entering Singapore. This fact distinguishes her case from most
of the precedents just alluded to. But the appellant did have an outstanding
arrest warrant against her when she entered Singapore in 2009 and 2014, and
her false statements in disembarkation forms should be seen in that context.
By declaring untruthfully that she had never used a passport bearing a
different name to enter Singapore, the appellant avoided disclosing the fact
that she had entered Singapore using a Chinese passport bearing the name “Lin
Lifen”, which was the name stated in the arrest warrant, and thereby reduced
the likelihood that the authorities would discover her fugitive status. Viewed
in that light, the offences concerning the appellant’s false statements in
disembarkation forms could be said to be aggravated.

61 However, Mr Singh submits that the District Judge erred in believing that
the appellant had used fake names in her Canadian and Central African Republic
passports; he says that those were names she actually used in those countries
for legitimate reasons. This submission is not without some basis but I think
it is unnecessary to come to a firm view on whether the names were fake
because that is not the important point. The important point, rather, is that
the appellant used those other passports to avoid detection in view of the
outstanding arrest warrant against her, and further minimised the risk of
detection by making false statements that she had never used a passport under
a different name to enter Singapore. Given this situation, I cannot see how
establishing that the names she used in the other passports were not “fake”
would reduce her culpability to any substantial degree.

62 Mr Singh says that the fact that the appellant engaged lawyers to write to
the Singapore authorities in 2013demonstrates her desire to take
responsibility for her unlawful actions in 2001 and 2002. I am not persuaded
that I should accord this factor much mitigating weight. I say this for two
reasons. One is that, in her lawyers’ letter of 15 August 2013, it was
asserted that she had “to date not returned to Singapore” – this was patently
untrue as she did enter Singapore on five occasions in 2009. The other is
that, after getting her lawyers to write to the authorities in 2013, she
persisted in her attempts to avoid detection by entering Singapore using a
different passport and suppressing the fact that she had previously entered
Singapore with a Chinese passport bearing the name “Lin Lifen”. In short, her
apparent contrition was undermined by her surrounding subterfuge.

63 However, in my judgment, Mr Singh is right to say that the District Judge
erred in finding that the appellant returned to Singapore in 2009 and 2014 in
order to obtain financial profit and not to see her son. The District Judge
arrived at this conclusion on the basis of the contents of the 14 May 2013 and
15 August 2013 letters from her lawyers. In the 14 May letter, her lawyers
indicated that she wishes to return to Singapore to “start up a business here
and also to make some investments”. As for the 15 August letter, I reproduce
here the relevant parts:

10\. Unfortunately our client [_ie_ , the appellant] and her husband have been
separated since 2008. The husband and our client’s child currently live in
Singapore.

11\. Our client misses the child and wishes to seek reconciliation with her
husband. Our client would also like to move all her business interests to
Singapore and open an office in Singapore to make Singapore the head office
for her oil business.

12\. Further our client also wishes to set up roots in Singapore and if given
a chance, she would like to make Singapore her permanent home. She currently
plans to invest 2 million dollars in an apartment and business in Singapore.

64 The District Judge took the view that, since these letters focussed on the
appellant’s economic interests and mentioned her son only briefly, the
inference to be drawn was that her real reason for entering Singapore was
financial profit and not familial relations. I am, however, unable to agree
with this perception. I accept Mr Singh’s submission that, in endeavouring to
persuade the authorities to permit the appellant to return, it should not at
all be surprising that her lawyers would opt to appeal primarily to the head
rather than the heart by emphasising the economic benefit that she could bring
to Singapore. Thus the stress placed on that economic aspect does not suggest
that she did not also have a genuine desire to see her son. Moreover, the very
fact that her lawyers mentioned her son in the 15 August 2013 letter suggests
that that was something very much on her mind, not a mere afterthought. It was
not disputed that the day after she attempted to enter Singapore on 21 March
2014 was the 12th birthday of her son.

65 In my view, even if the desire to see her son was not the only reason for
the appellant’s return to Singapore in 2009 and 2014, it was undoubtedly one
of the reasons. While I cannot quite accept the proposition that a non-
custodial sentence is invariably or even generally warranted where an offender
makes false statements in disembarkation forms in the context of returning to
Singapore for reasons of familial relationships, the court must still consider
each case on its merits to determine whether it warrants the exercise of some
compassion.

66 In the precedents I have considered involving the same false statement in
disembarkation forms, sentences of two months’ imprisonment were thought to be
appropriate where the offender had been barred from entering the country.
Taking reference from this, I consider that in a case such as the present one,
where the offender is not barred from entering but is the subject of an
outstanding arrest warrant, the starting sentencing range for the offence
would be in the region of five to six weeks’ imprisonment. Taking into account
the fact that the appellant entered Singapore partly to be with her son, a
sentence at the lower end of this range, five weeks’ imprisonment, would not
be inappropriate. Hence I think that the sentences imposed by the District
Judge of eight weeks’ imprisonment for each of the second and sixth charges
was manifestly excessive.

67 But that is not the end of the inquiry as I should also take into account
the fact that the appellant has spent three weeks in remand. Where an offender
is convicted of multiple charges such that a number of individual sentences
are imposed, some of which are to run consecutively and others concurrently, I
think it would be right to factor in the time spent in remand by reducing one
or more of the individual sentences that are to run consecutively. There is no
reason to interfere with the District Judge’s order that the sentences for the
sixth and eighth charges should run consecutively, and thus the sentence for
the sixth charge should, taking into account the three weeks the appellant
spent in remand, be reduced to two weeks’ imprisonment. Since the sentence for
the second charge is to run concurrently, it is not necessary, nor would it
make a difference, for me also to reduce the sentence for that charge to take
into account time spent in remand.

Conclusion

68 I therefore allow the appeal to the extent that I reduce the sentence for
the second charge to five weeks’ imprisonment (that being the appropriate
sentence for the offence) and the sentence for the sixth charge to two weeks’
imprisonment (taking into account the three weeks already served in remand).
But I do not disturb the sentences for the seventh and eighth charges, which
is eight weeks’ imprisonment per charge. As ordered by the court below, the
sentences for the sixth and eighth charges are to run consecutively, making
for a global sentence of 10 weeks’ imprisonment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

