Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Poh Chung _v_ Polylectric Engineering Pte Ltd  
[2015] SGHC 71

Case Number| :| Companies Winding Up No 7 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 March 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Loh Kia Meng (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the applicant;
Valerie Ang and Vithyashree (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the non-parties,
Toong Chuen Piew and Litemax Pte Ltd.  
Parties| :|  Tan Poh Chung — Polylectric Engineering Pte Ltd  
  
16 March 2015|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 On 12 January 2015, the plaintiff, Tan Poh Chung (“Tan”), filed an
application to wind up the defendant, Polylectric Engineering Pte Ltd (“the
Company”), on the just and equitable ground and to appoint Mr Leow Quek Shiong
(“Mr Leow”) of BDO LLP as the liquidator of the Company. Tan holds 50% of the
shares in the Company. He is also one of four directors of the Company.

2 The application was resisted by Toong Chuen Piew (“Toong”) and Litemax Pte
Ltd (“Litemax”). Toong holds the other 50% of the shares in the Company and is
also one of the four directors of the Company. Litemax is Toong’s company. It
is a judgment creditor of the Company.

3 The other two directors of the Company are the wives of Tan and Toong.

4 On 6 February 2015, I made an order to wind up the Company and to appoint Mr
Leow as liquidator of the Company. Toong has filed an appeal against my
decision to the Court of Appeal. I set out below the reasons for my decision.

Issue

5 The main issue was whether the court should have ordered the Company to be
wound up.

Background

6 According to Tan, the relationship between Toong and him had deteriorated in
recent years. Accordingly, both Toong and he agreed to wind up the business of
the Company as a practical measure and to distribute its assets. They did so
by entering into an agreement called the “Agreement for closing of Polylectric
Engineering Pte Ltd” dated 11 February 2014 (“the Closing Agreement”).

7 Under the Closing Agreement, it was agreed that the Company would cease
operations and transfer existing and new jobs to other companies, _ie_ ,
Pohlect Pte Ltd (“Pohlect”) owned by Tan and Litemax owned by Toong. I need
not elaborate on the other terms of the Closing Agreement for the time being.

8 On or around 23 July 2014, Litemax commenced legal proceedings in Suit No
781 of 2014 (“Suit 781/2014”) to claim a debt of $1,001,983.16 arising from
two unpaid invoices issued by Litemax to the Company for work done by Litemax
for the Company.

9 On 31 July 2014, Tan filed Originating Summons No 743 of 2014 (“OS
743/2014”) for various reliefs, including the resolution of the issue of
appointment of solicitors to act on behalf of the Company in Suit 781/2014,
for Tan to be joined as a defendant in that suit, and for a stay of that suit
pending the resolution of OS 743/2014. According to Toong, OS 743/2014 was
dismissed by Vinodh Coomaraswamy J on 2 October 2014 on the basis that it was
procedurally flawed and that the appropriate procedure was for Tan to file an
application under the Companies Act in Suit 781/2014 itself.

10 On 3 October 2014, Litemax obtained judgment in default of appearance
against the Company in Suit 781/2014 (“the Litemax Judgment”).

11 On 9 October 2014, Tan applied by way of Summons No 5047 of 2014 (“Summons
5047/2014”) for various reliefs including an order for Tan to be added as a
defendant in Suit 781/2014. However, his application was dismissed on 8
January 2015 by an Assistant Registrar (“AR”). According to Toong, the
decision was based on procedural missteps by Tan.

12 In the meantime, Litemax filed Summons No 5139 of 2014 on 14 October 2014
to garnish money held by a bank for the Company. The garnishee proceedings
have not been completed yet.

13 After Summons 5047/2014 was dismissed on 8 January 2015, Tan filed the
present application to wind up the Company on 12 January 2015.

The arguments and the court’s decision

14 Tan’s submission was that while Litemax did perform services for the
Company, he did not accept that the sum owing to Litemax was as much as that
claimed by Litemax. He was of the view that the garnishee proceedings were an
attempt by Litemax to gain an unfair advantage and that the Company should
defend the claim.

15 Tan alleged that the Company had been dormant for a year and had lost the
substratum of its business. He also alleged that in view of the impasse
between Toong and him, there was no assurance that the affairs of the Company
were being managed in an honest and diligent manner.

16 I come now to the submissions for Toong and Litemax. I will refer to them
as one since Toong owns Litemax.

17 Toong did not dispute that the Company had been dormant for a year. Neither
did he dispute that Tan and he had wanted to wind up the business of the
Company as a practical measure and to distribute its assets. It was not
disputed that in such circumstances, a court could, and should, order a
winding up of a company under the just and equitable ground. However, Toong’s
position was that the present winding up proceedings were used for collateral
purposes.

18 Toong submitted that the real reason for Tan bringing the winding up
application was to deny Litemax the fruits of its garnishee proceedings. He
mentioned how previous attempts by Tan to contest the Litemax Judgment had
failed. I have mentioned these attempts above. Toong also submitted that
instead of appealing against the AR’s decision of 8 January 2015 (see [11]
above), which counsel for Tan had said he would do, Tan had instead filed the
winding up application. I should mention that Tan’s counsel alleged that what
he said on 8 January 2015 was that he would take instructions about an appeal.
The new solicitors of Tan had only come into the picture recently.

19 In my view, it is not uncommon or illegitimate for a shareholder or another
creditor or the debtor itself to try and deny a creditor the fruits of
execution proceedings by filing winding up proceedings. Just as a creditor is
entitled to take such steps as it thinks fit to obtain full payment, someone
else is equally entitled to take such steps as it thinks fit to thwart such a
purpose (see _Re Projector SA_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 151 at [23]–[25]). Therefore,
the filing of winding up proceedings to thwart a creditor from gaining an
advantage is not in itself an abuse of the process of the court.

20 Furthermore, since Tan was disputing the amount owing by the Company to
Litemax, it made sense for an independent and neutral party like the
liquidator to be appointed to look into Litemax’s claim. If the liquidator was
of the view that the amount claimed was valid, that would put an end to Tan’s
dispute on the amount. If the liquidator took the opposite view, he would be
entitled to take such steps as he thought fit to challenge the Litemax
Judgment. Since Toong’s position was that Tan’s dispute was unreasonable,
Toong should welcome the appointment of the liquidator but for the fact that
the order to wind up the Company would thwart the garnishee proceedings. As
stated above, each side is entitled to advance his own interest.

21 Toong also had another reason to claim that the winding up application was
for a collateral purpose. He submitted that Tan was trying to relieve himself
from his obligations under the Closing Agreement by presenting the winding up
application. This was to the detriment of the Company, its shareholders and
its creditors (see para 35 of Toong’s opposing affidavit of 29 January 2015).

22 However, Toong did not elaborate in his opposing affidavit as to which
aspect of Tan’s obligations under the Closing Agreement that he thought Tan
was trying to renege on. Toong’s counsel said that under clause 5 of that
agreement, it was agreed that one of the Company’s properties at Woodlands
Link would be sold to Tan at a certain value and another at Woodlands
Industrial Park E5 (“WIP E5”) to Litemax at another value. However, even if
the stated values meant the intended sale prices, Toong’s counsel was unable
to say that the price for the intended sale of the property at WIP E5 to
Litemax was lower than the market value or that the intended sale of the
property at Woodlands Link to Tan was at a price higher than the market price,
such that the Closing Agreement should still be performed. Indeed, no such
assertion was made in Toong’s affidavit. Neither did Toong assert in his
affidavit that Litemax had a special need or interest for the WIP E5 property
such that Litemax should in any event have a right of first refusal for that
property. Therefore, the liquidator could still sell either property in the
open market and Litemax or any other interested person could attempt to
purchase it.

23 Toong also submitted that the Company needs to exist to complete existing
orders of its customers. He also alleged that the orders have not been
completed and the Company needs to exist to collect payment from the customers
(see para 25 of Toong’s submissions).

24 There were two separate points to this submission. First, I asked whether
any of the Company’s customers would take issue with the liquidation of the
Company since orders received by the Company were already being performed by
third parties like Pohlect and Litemax. Toong had not identified any customer
who would object.

25 Secondly, the allegation that the Company needs to exist to collect payment
did not paint an accurate picture. The Company was not being dissolved. It was
being liquidated. The liquidator would take over the collection of payment.

26 It seemed to me that Toong himself had no good reason to oppose the winding
up beyond the fact that Litemax’s garnishee proceedings would be thwarted.

27 In the circumstances, I ordered the Company to be wound up with
consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Mar 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

