Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  TBC _v_ TBD  
[2015] SGHC 130

Case Number| :| District Court Appeal No 48 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 May 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu SJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Koh Tien Hua (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
Appellant; Ang Sin Teck and Ms Leong Pek Gan (Ching Ching, Pek Gan & Partners)
for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  TBC — TBD  
  
13 May 2015|  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu SJ:

Background

1 This is an appeal from the decision of a District Judge on an application by
the Complainant that the Respondent pays maintenance for the maintenance of
their son (“the child”) who was born out of wedlock. The District Judge
allowed the application, and the Respondent appealed against her ruling that
he was liable to maintain the child, as well as the amount of maintenance he
was ordered to pay. (To avoid confusion, the parties will be referred to in
their capacities before the District Judge). I upheld the District Judge’s
decision that the Respondent is under a duty to support the child, but reduced
the amount of maintenance that he is to pay, and hereby explain my decision.

2 The two issues, namely liability to maintain and the amount of maintenance
the Respondent should pay, will be dealt with separately.

Liability to maintain

3 This is a question of law. The issue is whether the father of an
illegitimate child has a duty under s 68 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009
Rev Ed) (“the Women’s Charter”) to maintain the child. Section 68 reads:

**Duty of parents to maintain children**

68\. Except where an agreement or order of court otherwise provides, it shall
be the duty of a parent to maintain or contribute to the maintenance of his or
her children, whether they are in his or her custody of the custody of any
other person, and whether they are legitimate or illegitimate, either by
providing them with such accommodation, clothing, food and education as may be
reasonable having regard to his or her means and station in life or by paying
the cost thereof.

4 The District Judge found that:

The words are clear and unambiguous. There was no need for the Respondent to
resort to other statutes of common law to purposively interpret Section 68 of
the Women’s Charter, when the literal meaning of its words clearly informs us
of Parliament’s intention.[note: 1]

The Respondent did not share that view, and put up the case that he is not the
child’s parent because “the parent of an illegitimate child is the mother and
not the putative father”[note: 2] and “the position in common law is that a
parent of an illegitimate child is the mother as the putative father has no
rights or say over the child”[note: 3] he is therefore free of any duty to
maintain him (but he contradicted that during the appeal when he submitted
that the District Judge’s decision should be overturned and a nominal
maintenance be awarded instead[note: 4]). Judicial support was produced in the
form of Denning J’s pronouncement in _Re M, An Infant_ [1955] 2 QB 479 that
“in my opinion the word ‘parent’ in an Act of Parliament does not include the
father of an illegitimate child unless the context otherwise requires”.

5 Reference was also made to the following statutory provisions:

(a) part 11 of the Second Schedule of the Women’s Charter which provides that
where consents are required to the marriage of an illegitimate minor, the
consent is required from the mother, if she is alive, or from the guardian if
she is dead;

(b) paragraph 15 of the 3rd Schedule of the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) which relates to citizenship which
states that references to an illegitimate person’s parent shall be construed
to refer to his mother;

(c) section 3 of the Adoption of Children Act (Cap 4, 2012 Rev Ed) states that
a parent of an illegitimate infant does not include the natural father; and

(d) section 10 of the Legitimacy Act (Cap 162, 1985 Rev Ed) which provides for
an illegitimate child and the mother of an illegitimate child to succeed on
the intestacy of the other.

6 The process by which the submission was developed was flawed. The starting
point for deciding whether s 68 imposes a duty on a father to support his
illegitimate child must be the provision itself. To paraphrase the provision,
a parent has a duty to maintain _his or her_ children, whether they are
_legitimate or illegitimate_. On a clear and fair reading of the provision,
that duty is imposed on male and female parents of legitimate and illegitimate
children. The provision clearly contemplates a man being regarded as a parent
of an illegitimate child. When the Respondent draws support from Denning J for
the proposition that a “parent” in a statute does not include the father of an
illegitimate child, he should also take heed of the caveat that the
proposition stands unless the context otherwise requires.

7 We can obtain confirmation that illegitimate children are intended under our
laws to be entitled to maintenance from their fathers by looking into the
statutory history of our law relating to the maintenance of illegitimate
children. The duty was first embodied in s 45(II) of the Straits Settlements
Summary Jurisdiction Ordinance (SS Ord No XIII of 1872) which provides:

If any person neglects or refuses to maintain his illegitimate child unable to
maintain itself, it shall be lawful for the Court of Quarter Sessions, or for
a Magistrate, on due proof thereof, to order such person to make such monthly
allowance not exceeding ten dollars, as to the Court or Magistrate may seem
reasonable.

8 When the Women’s Charter was enacted in 1961 that duty was preserved in s
62(2):

If any person neglects or refuses to maintain his legitimate or illegitimate
child unable to maintain itself, a District Court or Magistrate’s Court on due
proof thereof may order such person to make a monthly allowance for the
maintenance of such child in proportion to his means as to the court seems
reasonable.

9 It is clear from a reading of these two provisions that a person who is the
father of an illegitimate child has a duty to maintain it. That duty is now
laid down in s 68. While “person” has been changed to “parent”, the duty
remains; the parent of an illegitimate child has the duty to maintain it. The
Court of Appeal has affirmed in _AAG_ v _Estate of AAH, deceased_ [2010] 1 SLR
769 at [28] that a legal duty to maintain an illegitimate child is imposed on
the natural parents by s 68.

10 The Respondent is correct in his submission that the legitimacy or
illegitimacy of a child can lead to different legal consequences, as the law
takes legitimacy/illegitimacy into account when it deals with the consent for
a minor to marry, acquisition of citizenship and intestate inheritance. That
is reasonable and unexceptional because these are quite different matters in
which different policy considerations come into play. Section 68 must be read
in its context and construed on its own, and the Respondent has failed to do
that.

The amount of maintenance the Respondent should pay

11 As we have established, section 68 imposes a duty on a man to maintain his
illegitimate children. The quantification of the maintenance to be paid is
dealt with by s 69(4) which reads:

The court, when ordering maintenance for a wife or child under this section,
shall have regard to _all the circumstances of the case_ including the
following matters:

(a) the financial needs of the wife or child;

(b) the income, earning capacity (if any), property and other financial
resources of the wife or child;

(c) any physical or mental disability of the wife or child;

(d) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(e) the contributions made by each of the parties to the marriage to the
welfare of the family, including any contribution made by looking after the
home or caring for the family;

(f) the standard of living enjoyed by the wife or child before the husband or
parent, as the case may be, neglected or refused to provide reasonable
maintenance for the wife or child;

(g) in the case of a child, the manner in which he was being, and in which the
parties to the marriage expected him to be educated or trained; and

(h) the conduct of each of the parties to the marriage, if the conduct is such
that it would in the opinion of the court be inequitable to disregard it.

[emphasis added]

The parties

12 The Complainant was born in 1974, and was about 39 years old at the time of
the application. She is a divorcee with a five-year old daughter. She is an
active businesswoman. She had incorporated two companies and served as a
director in them before she joined the Respondent’s company, where she was a
sales director. After leaving that company she has started another company
where she is currently a sales director. She declared that she is earning a
gross salary of $5,200 and that her take-home pay is $4,000.

13 The Respondent is 53 years old, married with three sons. He is a director
and 50% shareholder of the company which had employed the Complainant from
2009 to 2012. He declared his net income to be $14,075, and he claimed that
his monthly expenses amount to $19,961.16, which the District Judge viewed
with reasonable scepticism.

14 The child was born in 2012, and has been with the Complainant since his
birth. The Respondent wants to have as little to do with him as possible.
Although he admitted that he had a sexual affair with Complainant, he did not
admit his paternity of the child until that was confirmed by a DNA test. Even
after that, he refused to maintain the child and said during the hearing
before the District Judge that “I have never wanted this child and I didn’t
even plan for this”, and “I have not recognised this child as my son”[note:
5].

The District Judge’s decision

15 The District Judge rejected the Respondent’s arguments that he was not
liable to pay maintenance for his illegitimate son, and went on to determine
the quantum of maintenance that the Respondent should pay.

16 On the quantum of maintenance, the Complainant had put the monthly expenses
for the son at $3,271.25, which she wanted the Respondent to pay in full. The
District Judge did not accept that figure and reduced it to $1,440. She also
did not order the Respondent to bear the full burden of the maintenance, and
ordered him to contribute towards his son’s maintenance.

17 She stated in her grounds of decision that:

When determining each party’s _ability to pay_ for the child’s needs, I
primarily based it on both parties’ _monthly salary_ , since they are still
working and presumably drawing regular income.[note: 6]

[emphasis added]

She found that the Complainant’s take-home income is $5,200, and she took the
Respondent’s take-home income to the $14,075 that he had declared. Both
parties claimed that they had significant outgoings, in the case of the
Complainant, maintenance of her parents and her daughter, and for the
Respondent, maintenance for his wife and three sons, but the District Judge
did not take that into account. She added up their total salaries to $19,275,
and worked out that the Respondent’s salary was 73% of the total salaries. On
that basis, she worked out that the Respondent is liable to pay $1,050 (73% of
$1,440) and the Applicant to be responsible for the remaining $390. In the
grounds of decision, the District Judge did not take anything else into
consideration, and came to the contributions entirely on the basis of the
parties’ salaries.

18 In determining the amount of maintenance to be paid, the ability to pay
must be a major consideration. Section 69(4) makes reference to financial
capacity. Sub-section (4)(b) refers to the income, earning capacity, property
and other financial resources of the recipient of the maintenance and not that
of the paying party. Nevertheless, as the financial capacity of the paying
party is clearly relevant it can be taken into consideration under the “all
the circumstances of the case” limb of the provision. The District Judge was
entitled to review the amount that is required for the child’s upkeep. Her
decision to reduce it from the $3,271.25 to $1,440 was accepted by the
Complainant and was not taken up by the Respondent in his appeal, and there is
no reason to disturb it.

19 There is no reason to use the parties’ monthly salaries to determine the
contribution they are to make for the child’s maintenance. While it is
reasonable to take the parties’ financial capacity into consideration in
determining the ability and amount to pay, financial capacity should not be
ascertained by reference to salary or income alone. The constituents are
broader, as provided in s 69(4)(b), to include income, earning capacity,
property and other financial resources, and should also include liabilities
and commitments

My decision

20 Two aspects of the District Judge’s decision require a closer look. The
first is her taking the parties’ salaries as their financial capacity, which I
have referred to in the previous paragraph, and the second is her setting the
parties contributions to the child’s support in accordance to the proportion
of their respective salaries. The District Judge did not explain why the
relative incomes of the parents are used to determine their contributions to
the child’s maintenance.

21 The apportionment of contributions between parents has been dealt with in
several cases. In _BNH v BNI_ [2013] SGHC 283 (_“BNH v BNI”_) where the
parents were a married couple where the husband earned more than the wife,
George Wei JC held at [37]:

… Although the Husband earns more than the Wife, given my comments that
marriage is an equal partnership between the parties, I am of the view that
the cost of maintenance should be equally borne by both parties. …

22 The statement in _BNH v BNI_ was brought to the attention of Choo Han Teck
J in _AKC v AKD_ [2014] 3 SLR 1374 (“ _AKC v AKD”_) who stated at [10]:

... I am of the view that the statement should be read in context … there
should not be a rigid rule to the effect that costs of maintenance of children
should be equally borne by both parties. This goes against the express wording
of s 69(4) of the Women’s Charter which mandates that the entirety of the
circumstances have to be taken into account in assessing reasonable
maintenance.

In this case, Choo J noted that the husband earned significantly less than the
wife, and ordered him to make a lump sum payment of $300,000 or $3,500 monthly
maintenance for the two children of the marriage. There were no indications as
to the portion these figures bore to the total needs of the children.

23 As s 69(4) which Choo J referred to deals with _quantification_ of
maintenance rather than _apportionment_ of maintenance, it can have limited
application to apportionment. A provision on the factors to be taken into
account for the purpose of apportionment would have been very helpful, but
there is no provision which caters for that.

24 There is only one case that I know of which explained the use comparative
financial capacities of the parents in the apportionment of contributions. In
_XB v XC_ [2008] SGDC 144 (_“XB v XC”_) another District Judge stated:

33 It is true that parents have equal responsibility under the law over the
children, in that the law does not place responsibility for financial
provision solely on the shoulders of the father. In that regard, the law does
not also prescribe that childrearing is to lie within the province of the
mother, notwithstanding the dictates of certain cultural norms. Furthermore,
parental responsibility should be equal in that either party should be
willing, able and ready to play any parenting role unless one is incapacitated
for whatever reason. If one party were thus incapacitated, the other parent
should be willing, able and ready to take on the responsibility hitherto held
by the incapacitated parent.

34 But equality in responsibility does not necessarily suggest equality in
financial contribution regardless of each parent’s financial means.

35 How different parents in different families apportion their parental
responsibilities and organise their finances is entirely up to them. But where
the court has to make a

determination on this matter on behalf of the parents who cannot agree, regard
must again be had to section 68 WC, which applies equally to the father and
the mother. It

clearly states that the financial provision must depend on each parent’s
financial means. _Where there is clear disparity in the financial means of
both parents, it is only right that the courts take that into account. From
one who has more, more is naturally expected. Before the courts, parents
should be required to contribute in proportion to their means._

[emphasis added]

25 These cases show a diversity of views on how the cost of maintenance of a
child is to be apportioned between its parents:

(a) the cost should be equally borne by both parents – _BNH v BNI_ ;

(b) there should not be a rigid rule that the cost of maintenance should be
borne equally by the parents – _AKC v AKD_ ; and

(c) the cost should be borne by the parents in the proportion to their means –
_XB v XC_.

26 When those cases and propositions are examined, it can be observed that:

(a) the District Judge in _XB v XC_ referred to s 68 (which deals with the
rights and duties between a parent and a child, and not between parent and
parent), and concluded that is only right that the disparity in financial
means between the parents be taken into account, and the parent who has more
should pay more;

(b) George Wei JC’s statement in _BNH v BNI_ that the cost of maintenance
should be borne equally by both parties was made with reference to the parties
and facts before him, and it is not a rigid rule that the cost of maintenance
should be borne equally by both parents; and

(c) Choo J did not set out the circumstances which are relevant for
determining the apportionment of the maintenance between parents.

27 In the absence of any statutory provisions which regulate the apportionment
of the maintenance to be paid by parents to their children, it is left to the
courts to lay down the proper approach to be followed. The primary concern of
s 68 is that parents discharge their duties to maintain their child or
children. Each parent stands in the same parent-child relationship with the
child or children and each parent has the duty to maintain the child or
children. Against that backdrop, the starting point should be that the parents
bear the financial burden equally. One parent’s burden should not be decreased
just because the other parent is wealthier, and one parent’s burden should not
be increased just because the other parent is less well off. However, this
should not be an inflexible rule; if one parent is unable to contribute
equally with the other parent, then that parent should contribute what he or
she can, and the other parent should make up the shortfall, so that the child
will receive the full measure of maintenance. The norm should not be that
parents contribute in proportion to their means because that will place
unequal burdens on them for no good reason.

28 In the present case, there was no finding on the ability of the Complainant
to contribute an equal share to the child’s maintenance. We know that she
draws a lower salary in comparison to the Respondent, but there is no evidence
that she is not be able to pay $720 (half of $1,440) for the child’s
maintenance when she is drawing a monthly salary of $5,200. The same applies
to the Respondent, who should be able to pay $720 from his monthly income of
$14,075, so there should be equal contribution. (Although the parties’
financial capacities ought to be used to determine on their ability to pay,
their salaries are used here because that is the information available on
their financial capacities.)

Conclusion

29 The Respondent’s appeal on his liability to pay maintenance for the child
was dismissed, but the amount of maintenance that he is to pay was reduced to
$720 per month. He was ordered to pay to the Complainant costs fixed at $5,000
and reasonable disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]Grounds of Decision para 10

[note: 2]Appellant’s Case para 12

[note: 3]Appellant’s Case para 12 (a)

[note: 4]Appellant’s Case para 40

[note: 5]Grounds of Decision para 12

[note: 6]Grounds of Decision para 27

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 May 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

