Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  I-Admin (Singapore) Pte Ltd _v_ Hong Ying Ting and others  
[2015] SGHC 153

Case Number| :| Suit No 585 of 2013 (Summons No 728 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 June 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lionel Tan I-Kwok and Jocelyn Chan Xueling (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff; Dr Stanley Lai SC, Clara Tung Yi Lin and
Gloria Goh En-Ci (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  I-Admin (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Hong Ying Ting and others  
  
11 June 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a company that provides computerised services to its
clients. One of these services is the management of the payroll of its
clients’ employees. Some of the plaintiff’s clients are big corporations
including banks.

2 The first and second defendants were formerly employed by the plaintiff. The
first defendant resigned on 30 June 2011 and on 19 September 2012 she was
appointed as a director of the third defendant. The second defendant resigned
on 2 June 2011 and on 19 September 2012 she was appointed as a director of the
third defendant. The third defendant is a company engaged in similar services
as the plaintiff, and in particular, in the management of the payroll of
corporations in Singapore and other parts of Asia. The fourth defendant is
also a director of the third defendant and holds 46% shares in the latter.

3 The plaintiff claims that it holds the copyright to several software systems
including “ePayroll” and “PayAdmin”. In this action, the plaintiff claims that
the defendants were in breach of its copyright in various software systems
including the two named. The plaintiff claims that the defendants had accessed
data from its software programmes, in that the first and second defendants
breached the confidentiality clause in their contracts with the plaintiff by
taking the data from the plaintiff’s system and downloading them into the
third defendant’s computer system.

4 The plaintiff alleges that data taken by the first and second defendants
include sensitive and confidential information belonging to the plaintiff’s
clients including their names, residential addresses, monthly income, bank
details and passport numbers.

5 Various interlocutory applications were made to this court. They have been
heard and orders have been made. The plaintiff had obtained an Anton Piller
order and seized computers belonging to the third defendant. Forensic experts
are studying the software and mechanism of those computers. Non-disclosure
agreements have been executed under the confidentiality club, restricting the
plaintiff’s disclosure of information obtained during the discovery.

6 The issues here before me arise from Summons No 728 of 2015 (“SUM 728/2015”)
which is an application by the plaintiff for leave to provide the police with
a copy of the defendants’ disclosed materials.

7 Dr Stanley Lai, SC, assisted by Ms Clara Tung, opposed the application.
First they say that the original application was for leave to extract
information from the defendants’ computers for the purpose of preparing an
expert report. The defendants subsequently asked for this court’s leave to use
the information extracted for the purpose of making a police report. Ms Tung
argues that the application is not valid because SUM 728/2015 has not been
amended.

8 There are two critical questions of fact to be determined in this case.
Firstly, does the confidential information in the defendant’s computers belong
to the plaintiff? Secondly, did the defendants take them wrongfully from the
plaintiff? These are issues for the trial. What is relevant at the moment is
that there is an injunction order prohibiting the disclosure of the
information being extracted from the defendants’ computers. Some limited
access is reasonable for the purposes of the trial and therefore a
confidentiality club was created by an order of court. That is not challenged
but the persons who are entitled to view the confidential information are
already named.

9 The plaintiff now submits that it be allowed to show the extracted
information to the police. It also submits that the extracted information will
show that a previous police report lodged by the defendants is false. Everyone
is entitled to lodge a complaint to the police if they think that a criminal
offence might have been committed. It is against the public interest to
prevent the making of such complaints. But criminal and civil proceedings
differ in many ways even if they arise from the same facts. The parties
control the conduct of the civil proceedings but the police decide what
actions are necessary if it is a criminal matter.

10 In the present case, the gravamen of the plaintiff’s civil claim is that
the defendant had wrongfully taken confidential information from it by
downloading the information from the plaintiff’s computers and copying them
onto the defendants’ computers. The information included the personal and
private information of the plaintiff’s clients. Some of these clients are
banks and the information taken wrongfully, as it is being alleged, includes
information about the banks’ customers and employees.

11 The plaintiff is entitled to lodge a complaint to the police. But it is not
necessary to show the police the exact information found in the defendants’
computers that is subject to a judicial injunction. Giving the disclosed
materials to the police for the purposes of lodging a police report is clearly
a purpose other than the pursuit of the action in which discovery of the
confidential information has been given. A balance can be struck between
producing a persuasive complaint to the police and protecting the information
in the defendants’ computers. All the plaintiff has to do is to set out in its
complaint the information that has been taken and affirm that the exact
information is now found in the defendants’ possession. It may also make its
claims as to the perceived falsity of the defendants’ previous police report
dated 17 July 2014. The police can invoke its own powers to seize the
information. The police may then verify whether the information is true and
whether the matter can be referred to the Public Prosecutor for criminal
proceedings to commence. Thus, in spite of the very able submissions of Ms
Jocelyn Chan, counsel for the plaintiff, I find that there are no exceptional
circumstances justifying the release of such information for the purposes of
making a police report, and in fact, it would be unduly prejudicial to the
defendants if it were so allowed.

12 For the reasons above, SUM 728/2015 is dismissed with costs reserved to the
trial judge.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jun 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

