Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Seah Teong Kang (co-executor of the will of Lee Koon, deceased) and
another _v_ Seah Yong Chwan (executor of the estate of Seah Eng Teow)  
[2015] SGCA 48

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 40 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 September 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Earnest Lau and Tan Tian Luh (Chancery Law Corporation)
for the appellants; Tay Yong Seng and Alexander Yeo (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  SEAH TEONG KANG @ SEAH HIAN CHOR (as the Co-Executor of the Will
of Lee Koon, deceased) — SEAH CHIEW TEE (as the Co-Executrix of the Will of
Lee Koon, deceased) — SEAH YONG CHWAN (Executor of the Estate of Seah Eng
Teow)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2014] 1 SLR 1439.]

10 September 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 A shareholder of a company dies, leaving under his will a specific gift of
his shares to several specific legatees. It so happens that, at the time of
his death, the company is in the midst of being wound up. Subsequently, a
liquidation surplus is declared and the sole executor of the will takes steps
to distribute the deceased’s aliquot share of the surplus to the specific
legatees according to their respective shares under the will. He does so,
however, without first seeking to transfer the deceased’s shares _in specie_
to the specific legatees.

2 The Appellant in this case is the wife of the deceased (“the Testator”). We
will hereafter refer to the wife as the Appellant for ease of reference; as
will become apparent, although the wife was the plaintiff below, it is two of
her children who are parties before this court as appellants. The wife is one
of the specific legatees of the bequeathed shares and, notably, also the sole
beneficiary of the Testator’s residuary estate. She argues, based on the above
facts, that the testamentary gift of shares has failed. Her case centres on s
259 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“s 259”) which provides that
“any transfer of shares” in a company made after the commencement of winding
up of that company “shall unless the Court otherwise orders be void”. Since
the executor – who is the Respondent in this case – never sought the court’s
sanction for a transfer of the shares under s 259, no interest in the shares
could have been transferred to the specific legatees. And since the specific
legatees never acquired any interest in the shares, they were not entitled to
receive any part of the liquidation surplus as representing their respective
portion of those shares; that was so because one’s right to receive the
liquidation surplus necessarily springs from one’s shareholding. On this
footing, the Appellant submits that the Respondent’s attempts at distributing
the Testator’s aliquot share of the liquidation surplus to the specific
legatees were ultimately misguided since, without them having any interest in
the shares to begin with, they were, by logical extension, not entitled to any
part of the liquidation surplus as well. In the Appellant’s view, therefore,
the specific bequest of shares had failed and the liquidation surplus declared
in respect of those shares accordingly fell into the residuary estate to which
she was wholly entitled in her capacity as the sole residuary beneficiary. If
correct, this would no doubt defeat the intentions of the Testator in making a
gift of those shares and also the expectations of the rest of the specific
legatees in receiving the same.

3 It emerges clearly from this conspectus of the Appellant’s arguments that
the central issue in this case is this: does a specific testamentary gift of
shares in a company in winding up _necessarily_ fail for want of compliance
with s 259? Putting it in a different way, is s 259 a _mandatory_ legal
requirement which must strictly be fulfilled before a specific testamentary
gift of shares can take effect under the will in question? This issue entails
a close examination of the devolution of shares under a will upon a testator’s
death. In our analysis below, it is clear as a matter of _the law of wills_
that the Appellant (as one of the specific legatees) _can_ acquire an interest
– specifically, an **_equitable_** interest – in the bequeathed shares _quite
independently_ of any consideration of s 259. This will be so if the executor
is shown to have **_assented_** to the shares and that, in our view, was
clearly manifested in the steps which the Respondent took to distribute the
Testator’s aliquot share of the liquidation surplus _in lieu_ of the shares
themselves. All this is not to say that s 259 is entirely irrelevant; we
consider that s 259 has _some_ relevance, but that is so only to the extent
that compliance with it is necessary for the **_legal_** title in the shares
to be transferred to the Appellant. In other words, compliance with s 259 in
this case would have the effect of _perfecting_ the Appellant’s title to the
bequeathed shares, but the absence of such compliance does not detract from
the fact that, upon the Respondent’s assent as executor, the Appellant was
constituted as the beneficial owner thereof and, concomitantly, became vested
with the right to receive her share of the liquidation surplus.

4 In our judgment, therefore, the specific gift of shares in this case did not
fail; it properly took effect under the will when the Respondent attempted to
distribute the liquidation surplus declared in respect of those shares.
Accordingly, we _dismiss_ the appeal. Although we have essentially arrived at
the same outcome as the Judge (see _Lee Koon (by her attorneys Seah Teong Kang
and Seah Chiew Tee) v Seah Yong Chwan (executor of the estate of Seah Eng
Teow, deceased)_ [2014] 1 SLR 1439 (“the Judgment”)), as will become apparent,
our reasons are quite different. For the moment, we turn to set out the
relevant background to this appeal.

The background facts

5 The Appellant was the widow of the Testator. She was also the plaintiff in
the action below. At the time when she commenced the underlying proceedings in
Originating Summons No 875 of 2013 (“OS 875/2013”), she was 83 years old and
acting through two of her children as her attorneys. They were her eldest
daughter, Seah Chiew Tee (“Chiew Tee”), and her elder son, Seah Teong Kang
(“Teong Kang”). Unfortunately, by the time of this appeal, the Appellant had
passed away and her attorneys, in their capacity as the co-executors of her
estate, were granted leave to carry on with the proceedings in OS 875/2013.
The Respondent, who was the defendant below, is the Appellant’s youngest son
and the sole executor of the Testator’s estate.

6 The shares which are the subject matter of this dispute are in a company
known as Teow Aik Realty (S) Pte Ltd (“the Company”). It was incorporated in
1983 as a family owned and run company whose principal business was in mixed
construction activities. It had a paid up share capital of $5m in the form of
5m shares valued at $1 each. Prior to the commencement of this action, the
shares in the Company were held in the following manner:

(a) The Testator: 1.2m shares

(b) The Respondent: 1.8m shares

(c) Teong Kang: 1.8m shares

(d) Chiew Tee: 200,000 shares

7 On 17 December 2007, winding up proceedings were commenced against the
Company by Teong Kang in Companies Winding Up No 143 of 2007 (“CWU 143/2007”).
Two days later, on 19 December 2007, the Testator made his will (“the Will”)
under which the Respondent was appointed as the sole executor. By cl 3(ii) of
the Will, the Testator bequeathed his entire shareholding of 1.2m shares in
the Company in the following manner: 1m shares were bequeathed to the
Respondent while the remainder was bequeathed in equal proportions of 100,000
shares (“the Shares”) to the Appellant (“the Gift”) and 100,000 shares to
Chiew Tee. By cl 4, the Testator gave the rest and residue of his estate
absolutely to the Appellant.

8 On 22 July 2008, the High Court made an order granting the application to
wind up the Company in CWU 143/2007. An order dissolving the Company and
releasing the liquidators was only made some five years later on 19 June 2013.
In the meantime, the Testator passed away on 2 March 2011, after which the
Respondent obtained a grant of probate on 20 April 2012.

9 During the course of the Company’s winding up, on 30 May 2012, the
liquidators issued a Notice of Return to Contributories, serving written
notice to the Testator’s estate that a liquidation surplus of $0.15488 per
share had been declared in respect of the 1.2m shares held by the estate. That
amounted to a gross sum of $185,862.55; but after certain adjustments for sums
due from the estate were made, the net liquidation surplus that was eventually
paid out to the estate amounted to $177,550.95 (“the Sum”). The Respondent
duly collected the Sum in his capacity as executor and thereafter proceeded to
distribute it to the Appellant (and to Chiew Tee) under cl 3(ii) of the Will
according to their respective shares. As mentioned previously at [1]–[2]
above, the Respondent did not, at any time, take steps to transfer _the Shares
themselves_ to the Appellant.

10 On 20 June 2012, the Respondent made his first attempt at distributing the
liquidation surplus by presenting two cheques of $15,488 each to the Appellant
and to Chiew Tee. This sum of $15,488 was calculated based on the _gross_
liquidation surplus declared for the Testator’s estate _before_ adjustments
were made (_ie_ , $0.15488 per share x 100,000 shares). The Respondent
explained that he did so as he was willing to receive a reduced sum from the
_net_ liquidation surplus declared in connection with his own proportion of
the bequeathed shares. However, neither the Appellant nor Chiew Tee accepted
the respective cheques that were made out to them. Instead, on 28 February
2013, the Appellant issued a letter of demand through her solicitors,
informing the Respondent that there appeared to be an ademption of the
bequeathed shares upon the court’s order to wind up the Company, with the
result that the entire liquidation surplus paid out in respect of the
bequeathed shares (_ie_ , the Sum) fell into the Testator’s residuary estate
and thus belonged to the Appellant as the sole residuary beneficiary. On her
part, Chiew Tee had filed an affidavit in these proceedings stating that she
accepts that she is not entitled to any part of the Sum, the entirety of which
should properly be paid to the Appellant as the sole residuary beneficiary to
be used for her upkeep and medical expenses. Her brother, Teong Kang, also
filed a brief affidavit in support.

11 The Respondent replied to the Appellant’s letter of demand through his
solicitors on 22 March 2013. His position was that the Shares had not been
adeemed. With more than six months having lapsed since the issuance of the
first cheque, the Respondent’s solicitors expressed concern that it might no
longer be valid for presentment and thus enclosed a fresh cheque for $15,488
in full and final satisfaction of the Appellant’s entitlement under cl 3(ii)
of the Will. The Appellant replied through her solicitors on 12 June 2013,
maintaining that the Sum fell into the residuary estate and proposing going
for mediation to avoid a family dispute. However, this did not materialise
and, in the result, the second cheque was again not presented for payment by
the Appellant.

12 On 18 September 2013, the Appellant commenced OS 875/2013. She sought a
declaration that the Sum formed part of the Testator’s residuary estate under
cl 4 of the Will and a consequential order that the Respondent transfer the
Sum to her forthwith. Notwithstanding the commencement of the action, the
Respondent made a final attempt at distributing the liquidation surplus on 26
September 2013 when he issued through his solicitors a third cheque to the
Appellant for $15,488. However, the Appellant again refused to accept this
cheque. OS 875/2013 duly came up for hearing before the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) in the court below on 7 November 2013.

The decision below

13 It was made clear to the Judge in the course of the hearing below that the
Appellant was no longer relying on there having been an ademption of the
Shares as the basis for her argument that the Gift had failed; she accepted
that the Shares were still extant when the Testator passed away
notwithstanding that the Company was then in the process of being wound up
(see the Judgment at [18]). Instead, the Appellant’s position was broadly
similar to that which we had earlier outlined at [2] above, namely, that
without strict compliance with s 259, the Appellant could not have acquired
any interest (legal or equitable) in the Shares; and without any interest in
the Shares, it followed that she was not entitled to receive any part of the
liquidation surplus (see the Judgment at [13]–[14]). Therefore, the Appellant
argued that the Respondent had no basis for believing that he could distribute
the liquidation surplus _in lieu_ of the Shares themselves to give effect to
the Gift.

14 The Judge began his analysis by stating that he agreed with the Appellant’s
primary submission that she never became the legal or beneficial owner of the
Shares because of the operation of s 259 (see the Judgment at [22]). In his
view, there was, at most, a _transmission_ of the Shares _to the Respondent_
in his capacity as the executor, which transmission was not caught by the said
provision since this only applied to prohibit share _transfers_ (see the
Judgment at [34]). Nevertheless, the Judge found that it did not follow from
the Appellant’s lack of ownership interest in the Shares that she was
necessarily precluded from receiving the liquidation surplus declared in
respect thereof such that the Gift should fail (see the Judgment at [22]). In
his view, the Appellant had acquired, by virtue of the bequest of the Shares,
not only a chose in action against the Respondent (as executor) to compel due
administration of the Testator’s estate upon the Testator’s death, but also an
“interest” in the “fruits” of that chose which in this case referred to the
liquidation surplus declared in respect of the Shares once such surplus had
been ascertained – and this result obtained _even though_ the Appellant was
not at any time constituted as the legal or beneficial owner of the Shares
themselves (see the Judgment at [36]–[37]). Based on this reasoning, the Judge
ultimately held that the liquidation surplus could validly be distributed _in
lieu_ of the Shares (as indeed the Respondent had done) such that the Gift
under cl 3(ii) of the Will did not fail. Accordingly, the Appellant’s claim
was dismissed.

The issue on appeal

15 The issue raised by the present appeal is one that arises from the
confluence of two quite different areas of the law, _viz_ , company law and
the law of wills. It is a deceptively simple one: does a specific bequest of
company shares to a specific legatee fail because the requirement in s 259
that any transfer of those shares after the commencement of winding up be
ordered by the court was not complied with? Section 259 reads as follows:

**Avoidance of dispositions of property, etc.**

259\. Any disposition of the property of the company, including things in
action, and _any transfer of shares_ or alteration in the status of the
members of the company _made after the commencement of the winding up by the
Court shall unless the Court otherwise orders be void_.

[emphasis added]

Our decision

An overview

16 This case is _unusual_ inasmuch as it is the legatee herself (_viz_ , the
Appellant) who is arguing that the bequest has failed for non-compliance with
s 259. She seemingly does _not_ desire to receive her _share_ of the
liquidation surplus that arose for distribution after the Company had been
wound up. However, when considering her argument as a whole, it immediately
becomes apparent why she takes such a position. She argues that, the bequest
having failed because of the non-compliance with s 259, the _entire_
liquidation surplus declared in respect of the Testator’s 1.2m shareholding
(_ie_ , the Sum) fell into the residuary estate of the Testator and that, as
the sole residuary beneficiary appointed under cl 4 of the Will, she is
entitled to the _whole_ of the Sum (_instead of_ only a _share_ of it).

17 We pause to observe that if the Appellant’s argument centring on the
failure to comply with s 259 is accepted, then that would mean that the
Testator’s intention to make a gift of the Shares under his will is
_defeated_. The Appellant argues that this ought to be the case because s 259
is a _legal_ requirement which **_trumps_** the _construction or
interpretation_ of the Will. Whilst we agree that this argument may, in _form_
, be correct, **_the underlying premise of the Appellant’s argument is that s
259 is such an integral and (more importantly) indispensable requirement that
it must therefore be complied with in order for the Gift to take effect_**.
**_If, however, it can be demonstrated that s 259 does not have this effect
inasmuch as the Gift could nevertheless take effect (even if it is in a more
limited fashion) without complying with it, then the Appellant’s argument
would fail._** In order to determine which of these two polar (and opposite)
arguments is correct, it is necessary, in our view, to examine the precise
legal consequences that obtained _vis-à-vis_ the Shares themselves upon the
Testator’s death.

18 We proceed to do this in two (related) steps. First, we will ascertain
whether any interest in the Shares passes under the Will to the Appellant and,
if so, **_what precisely_** that legal interest is. Second, assuming that an
interest in the Shares does pass under the Will to the Appellant, we proceed
to ascertain **_the purpose as well as effect of s 259_** with regard to that
particular interest. As we shall see in a moment, the first step entails a
consideration of principles relating to the law of wills, whilst the second
step entails a consideration of principles relating to company law.

Does any interest in the Shares pass under the Will to the Appellant?

Passing of the whole interest in the Shares to the executor

19 Turning, then, to the first step in our analysis, it is clear that **_no_**
interest (whether legal or equitable) in the Shares can pass **_directly_** to
**_the Appellant_** under the Will upon the death of the Testator because it
is **_the executor_** who must execute the Will, _after which_ the specific
bequests (including the Shares which are the subject matter of the present
proceedings) will be distributed to the respective specific legatees under the
Will. There is, in this regard, clear authority that, following the death of
the deceased, the **_whole_** ownership interest in his assets passes to the
executor **_by virtue of his office_** without distinction as to the legal or
equitable interest. As Viscount Radcliffe observed in the following oft-cited
statement in the Privy Council decision (on appeal from the High Court of
Australia) of _Commissioner of Stamp Duties (Queensland) v Hugh Duncan
Livingston_ [1965] AC 694 (“ _Livingston_ ”) at 707:

… whatever property came to the executor virtute officii came to him in full
ownership, without distinction between legal and equitable interests. The
whole property was his. …

Later, in the same vein, Viscount Radcliffe went on (at 712) to describe it as
a “fallacy” to search for the existence of a separate equitable interest in
the assets of the deceased during the course of administration:

… When the whole right of property is in a person, as it is in an executor,
there is no need to distinguish between the legal and equitable interest in
that property, any more than there is for the property of a full beneficial
owner. What matters is that the court will control the executor in the use of
his rights over assets that come to him in that capacity; but it will do it by
the enforcement of remedies which do not involve the admission or recognition
of equitable rights of property in those assets. …

20 The parties are agreed on this point. However, we pause to note that there
is some academic suggestion that the observations in _Livingston_ should be
qualified such that they apply only to _the unadministered assets of a
deceased’s residuary estate_ but not to _specific bequests_. On this view, the
_equitable_ interest in the latter _would_ indeed vest in the specific
legatees _as soon as the testator dies_ (see _Snell’s Equity_ (John McGhee QC
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2015) at para 33-003). The significance of
this view is that, if it is correct, then the present appeal can be quickly
disposed of on the basis that, since the Shares here were indeed the subject
of a _specific bequest_ , the equitable interest therein would have passed
immediately (and directly) to the Appellant upon the Testator’s death, in
which event the Gift to her would _not_ have failed.

21 However, whilst we acknowledge that Viscount Radcliffe’s comments in
_Livingston_ were indeed made in the context of a residuary estate on the
facts of that case, we do not read them as being intended to have the limited
effect of applying only to such circumstances. A similar view was taken by the
High Court of Australia in _Official Receiver in Bankruptcy v Schultz and
another_ (1990) 170 CLR 306. That decision dealt with assets which were, as in
the present case, the subject of a specific bequest. Despite noting the
somewhat different context in which the views in _Livingston_ were expressed,
the court nevertheless proceeded on the basis that those views applied “with
equal force” in the case of a specific bequest (at 312). We also note that the
weight of academic authority in fact expressly casts doubt on the soundness of
excluding specific bequests from the general rule in _Livingston_ which holds
that, on the death of the testator, the whole interest in the assets of his
estate passes to the executor only (see, in this regard, Roger Kerridge,
_Parry & Kerridge: The Law of Succession_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2009) (“
_Parry & Kerridge_”) at para 24-35; John Ross Martyn _et al_ , _Theobald on
Wills_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2010) at para 10-007; Francis Barlow _et al_
, _Williams on Wills_ vol 1 (LexisNexis, 10th Ed, 2014) at para 1.8; Jill E
Martin, _Hanbury & Martin: Modern Equity_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2012) (“
_Hanbury & Martin_”) at para 2-020; and Joel Nitikman, “The Forgotten Law of
Assent” (2012) 18(7) Trusts and Trustees 672 (“ _Nitikman_ ”) at 680). As some
of these authors have pointed out, it may well turn out during the course of
administration that the assets which are the subject of the specific bequest
have to be applied by the executor towards the administration of the estate
(see also, in this regard, the New South Wales decision of _Bryen v Reus_
[1961] SR (NSW) 396 (“ _Bryen_ ”) at 399). If so, then that is inconsistent
with the notion of the specific legatees having _already_ acquired the
equitable interest in those assets at the time of the testator’s death; thus,
the most which can be said, in our view, is that the specific legatees have,
during the period of administration, only a chose in action against the
executor to have the testator’s estate properly administered.

22 We therefore prefer the view that the **_whole_** interest in the Shares in
this case does in fact pass, upon the death of the Testator, to **_the
executor_**. In this regard, we should add that we agree with the Judge (see
the Judgment at [34]) that the proper characterisation of the manner by which
the Shares devolved upon the executor was via the process of
**_transmission_** (which takes place _by operation of law_) and not by a
_transfer_ (which occurs as a result of an act of the parties) (see _Williams,
Mortimer and Sunnucks on Executors, Administrators and Probate_ (John Ross
Martyn and Nicholas Caddick gen eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2013) (“ _WMS
2013_ ”) at para 45-65; and _Palmer’s Company Law_ vol 1 (Geoffrey Morse gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Looseleaf Ed, 2015) at para 6.475). The result is that s
259, which governs only the _transfer_ of shares after a company is ordered to
be wound up, is _not_ attracted at this stage.

Passing of equitable interest in the Shares to the Appellant

23 However, where we depart from the analysis of the Judge is at the next
stage of the devolution of the Shares from the executor to the Appellant (as
one of the specific legatees). To begin with, we are, with respect, not
entirely convinced by the Judge’s analysis that the Appellant had acquired an
“interest” in her aliquot share of _the liquidation surplus (_ ie, _the Sum)_
, notwithstanding his finding that no legal or equitable interest in _the
Shares_ had passed to her (see above at [14]). In this regard, we agree with
the Appellant that, as a matter of principle, one’s entitlement to the
liquidation surplus necessarily derives from one’s shareholding. This is why,
as we have mentioned above at [3] and [17], the focal lens in this case must
be trained on the movement of the interest in _the Shares_ upon the death of
the Testator. It is only when the final destination of the interest in _the
Shares_ has been properly investigated that one can then answer the question
of whether or not the Appellant was entitled to receive her aliquot share of
_the Sum_ as representing her interest in the Shares.

24 However, we have a more fundamental disagreement with the Judge’s analysis,
and this concerns the fact that he had basically accepted the Appellant’s
argument that s 259 _had_ to be complied with in order for any interest
(whether legal or equitable) in the Shares to pass to the Appellant. It was
precisely because he had started off his analysis on this footing that the
Judge’s inquiry was then focused (wrongly, as we have explained in the
preceding paragraph) on whether the Appellant had any interest in _the
liquidation surplus_. In our judgment, the Judge’s error was, with respect, in
entirely omitting to consider the vital concept of **_assent_** in the context
of the law of wills, which is basically a dispositive act by the personal
representative of an estate (for example, the Respondent _qua_ executor here)
resulting in the divestment of property held by him by virtue of his office in
favour of the beneficiaries of the deceased’s estate. Had the Judge undertaken
this analysis, then he would (as demonstrated below) have arrived at the
conclusion that the Appellant in this case _did_ acquire an **_equitable_**
interest in the Shares _quite independently_ of any consideration of s 259.
Let us elaborate.

25 An _assent_ is an acknowledgment by a personal representative that an asset
of the deceased is no longer required for the payment of the debts of the
estate, funeral expenses or general pecuniary legacies (see _WMS 2013_ at para
81-01). Where the facts disclose that there has been an assent, then its
_effect_ , in the context of a specific bequest under a will, is to turn the
executor into a _trustee_ of the bequeathed asset because _equitable_
ownership _moves to the specific legatees upon the assent_ who, for their
part, are turned into _beneficiaries_ (see _Hanbury & Martin_ at para 2-020).
From that point onwards, the executor is precluded from dealing with the
bequeathed asset as executor (see _WMS 2013_ at para 81-20 and _Nitikman_ at
675). The effect of an assent upon the role of an executor was explained by
Viscount Haldane LC in the leading House of Lords decision of _George
Attenborough & Son v Solomon and another_ [1913] AC 76 (“ _George
Attenborough_ ”) in these words (at 85):

… The executors had long ago lost their vested right of property as executors
and become, so far as the title to it was concerned trustees under the will.
Executors they remained, but they were executors who had become divested, by
their assent to the dispositions of the will, of the property which was theirs
virtute officii; and their right in rem, their title of property, had been
transformed into a right in personam, – a right to get the property back by
proper proceedings against those in whom the property should be vested if it
turned out that they required it for payment of debts for which they had made
no provision. My Lords, that right always remains to the executors and they
can always exercise it, but it is a right to bring an action, not a right of
property …

26 To be clear, we should stress that the passing of equitable ownership in
the bequeathed asset is “not by the mere force of the assent of the executor,
but by virtue of the dispositions of the will which have become operative
because of [the] assent” (see _George Attenborough_ at 83). In other words,
the significance of the assent is that it is necessary to “cause” the property
to vest in the legatee, but it should not be mistaken as “the instrument of
the vesting”, which is in fact the will (see _Bryen_ at 399). This is neatly
summed up in the following passage in _Nitikman_ (at 673):

… Once the executor assents, it is the Will, rather than the assent, that
determines to whom the property goes, and it is the Will, rather than the
assent, that is the legal instrument that effects the passage of beneficial
interest. The assent is not a conveyance of the property. The assent makes the
Will operative, that is, it perfects the beneficiary’s beneficial ownership to
the assets gifted under the Will.

27 A final point which we make in relation to the doctrine of assent (which is
of some importance in the context of the present case) is that, in determining
whether such assent exists, the inquiry is necessarily a _fact-sensitive_ one.
What is sought is an indication by the executor that the bequeathed asset is
no longer required for the purposes of administration and that it may pass
under the testator’s will – and this he or she may do informally and it may be
inferred from his or her conduct (see _George Attenborough_ at 83). In other
words, it is not necessary in order to prove an assent to show affirmatively
that the executor had, either verbally or in writing, made a formal
declaration to that effect (see, for example, the English High Court decision
of _Wise v Whitburn_ [1924] 1 Ch 460 at 467).

28 Before we draw these principles together and apply them to the facts of the
present case, it is necessary for us to deal with a submission that counsel
for the Appellant, Mr Earnest Lau (“Mr Lau”), had advanced before us at the
hearing. According to Mr Lau, a mere assent by the Respondent in his capacity
as the executor is (contrary to the observations we have made above at [25])
_not_ effective to pass _any_ interest in the Shares to the Appellant in the
absence of a transfer of the Shares to her in accordance with the articles of
the Company resulting in her being properly registered as a member. In effect,
his submission was that the doctrine of assent has no application where the
bequeathed asset consisted of shares because, ultimately, the passing of
interest in this particular species of property turns on the conventional
notions of share transfer and registration. Mr Lau relied heavily for this
proposition on the following passage in _Williams, Mortimer and Sunnucks on
Executors, Administrators and Probate_ (John Ross Martyn and Nicholas Caddick
gen eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2008) (“ _WMS 2008_ ”) at para 78-09:

_In general a chose in action is not susceptible of a simple assent alone as
is the case with pure personalty._ **_For instance, the title to the share or
other interests of any member in a company passes by transmission to the
personal representative and is transferable in [the] manner provided by the
articles of the company._** The articles of a company cannot, however, by-pass
the representatives. If they purport themselves to operate a transfer the
articles are invalid to this extent. **_The title of a legatee of stocks,
shares and debentures is not generally_**** __completed__**** _until he is
registered as a member of the company._** … [emphasis added in italics, bold
italics, and underlined bold italics]

29 We pause to point out that this passage appears in a substantially similar
form at para 81-08 of _WMS 2013_ , which is the latest edition of the text,
save that where the footnotes in respect of the two bold italicised statements
above previously referred to various provisions of the Companies Act 1985 (c
6) (UK), they now cite the equivalent provisions of the Companies Act 2006 (c
46) (UK) (“the 2006 Act”), namely, s 20 and s 544. Section 544 essentially
provides that the shares of any member in a company are transferable in
accordance with the company’s articles and s 20, in turn, provides that the
relevant model articles in operation at the time of the formation of the
company will apply by default if they are not excluded or modified. Presently,
the Companies (Model Articles) Regulations 2008 is in force in the UK and reg
26(1) of Schedule 1, in particular, caters for the transfer of shares. This
regulation provides that a transfer of shares may be done “by means of an
instrument of transfer in any usual form or any other form approved by the
directors” executed by or on behalf of the transferor.

30 These statutory provisions in the above footnote references are important
because they provide the proper context within which the statements in para
81-08 of _WMS 2013_ must be read. In our view, it is clear that the gist of
these provisions is to prescribe that a certain procedure has to be complied
with for the transfer of shares – specifically, that procedure is as set out
in the relevant articles of the company and will ordinarily require the
execution of some instrument of transfer. But it appears clear to us that
compliance with such procedure is, to put it simply, necessary only to get the
potential transferee onto the company’s register of members. In other words,
it is necessary only for the passing of **_legal_** title in the shares to the
potential transferee. Viewed in this way, it becomes clear that the intention
behind the quoted passage (which, as mentioned above, appears in a
substantially similar form in _WMS 2013_) is simply to state that, in so far
as what is sought to be transferred is the **_legal_** title to shares, a
simple assent by the executor is not ordinarily effective because registration
in accordance with the company’s articles (which may not be circumvented) is
strictly required for this purpose. The quoted passage says nothing which
detracts from the general principle that an assent remains effective to pass
the **_equitable_** interest in the bequeathed asset to the specific legatee.
This in fact appears to be implicit in the passage itself where the authors
speak of the title of a legatee of shares not generally being “completed”
until he is registered as a member of the company. This statement may be read
as operating on the basis that an act of assent at least passes title
_partially_ to the specific legatee (_ie_ , the equitable title); what remains
to be done in respect of the _legal_ title is, as has been canvassed above,
registration in accordance with the company’s articles.

31 We are fortified in our interpretation of para 81-08 of _WMS 2013_ by
somewhat similar observations made in _Parry & Kerridge_. The distinction
between the legal and equitable title to shares and, importantly, the effect
of an assent on both is made explicit in para 24-40 of _Parry & Kerridge_,
which we reproduce here:

… **[I]n the case of a specific legacy, the** _legal_**title to the subject-
matter may not be capable of assignment by an assent.** For instance, company
shares are only transferable in the manner provided by the articles of the
company, _i.e._ by entering the name of the transferee in the register of
members of the company. **After an executor has assented to a specific legacy
of company shares, he holds the shares as trustee for the legatee until the
legal title is duly transferred to the legatee** … [original emphasis in
italics; emphasis added in bold]

The last sentence of this passage makes it clear that, upon the assent of the
executor, he is effectively transformed into a trustee of the shares for the
specific legatees who are simultaneously constituted as beneficial owners of
the same. The fact that the specific legatees have yet to be registered as
members of the company relates to the separate matter of their _legal_ title
to the shares but there is no dispute that, in so far as the _equitable_ title
is concerned, it is theirs upon the assent of the executor (see also, for
similar observations, Rosalind Atherton and Prue Vines, _Australian Succession
Law: Commentary and Materials: Families, Property and Death_ (Butterworths,
1996) at para 18.8.6).

32 Indeed, there is clear authority for this point as cited in _Parry &
Kerridge_. This is the decision of the English High Court in _In re Grosvenor_
[1916] 2 Ch 375. In that case, a testator had made various specific legacies
which included shares. His executors had assented to the specific legacies and
were prepared to transfer them to the legatees, subject to the court’s
determination of how the costs of transferring these legacies ought to be
borne – ought they to have been borne by the specific legatees or by the
residuary estate? Astbury J reasoned that it had to be the former because once
the executors had assented to the shares, beneficial ownership would have
passed from them and be vested in the specific legatees who then had to do
what was necessary to complete their title to the shares. As Astbury J stated
(at 378):

In the present case the costs of transfer and stamps are not costs incurred by
the executors and trustees in getting in the estate for distribution, but they
are incurred and payable after the specific legacies have been assented to. On
the principle of _In re De Sommery_ and _In re Scott these are costs and
expenses which the separate specific legatees must pay in order to complete
their title to their specific property, which_** _after assent the plaintiffs
are holding as trustees for them, and not as executors_**. [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

33 We therefore reject Mr Lau’s submission that an executor’s assent made in
respect of a specific bequest of shares was ineffective to pass even the
_equitable_ interest in such shares to the specific legatees.

34 Turning, then, to the facts of the present case, it appears clear to us
that when the Respondent made his first attempt at paying out part of the Sum
to the Appellant by way of a cheque payment of $15,488 on 20 June 2012 (see
above at [10]), he was signalling unequivocally that this sum, _which
represented the monetary value of the Shares upon the Company’s winding up_ ,
was no longer required for the administration of the Testator’s estate. In
other words, it can be inferred from the Respondent’s conduct that he was, for
all intents and purposes, assenting (in his capacity as the executor) to the
passing of the interest in _the Shares_ under the Will to the Appellant. And
as the foregoing discussion has made clear, the precise nature of this
interest is the _equitable_ interest in the Shares. The same analysis holds in
respect of the Respondent’s second attempt at making a cheque payment of
$15,488 to the Appellant on 22 March 2013 (see above at [11]); this act would
similarly have constituted an implied assent by the Respondent which would
have been effective to pass equitable interest in the Shares to the Appellant.
In so far as the Respondent’s third and final attempt at distributing the
liquidation surplus to the Appellant on 26 September 2013 was concerned (see
above at [12]), we note that this had occurred _after_ the Company was ordered
to be fully and finally dissolved by an order of the court dated 19 June 2013
(see above at [8]). As the Shares would have been extinguished from the
dissolution of the Company onwards, it would not have been possible for any
equitable interest therein to have passed to the Appellant thereafter. Indeed,
this was why it was no longer open to the Respondent to simply apply to court
for an order under s 259 sanctioning the transfer of the Shares _in specie_ to
the Appellant. Had such an application been made prior to the Company’s
dissolution and received the approval of the court, then it would have
obviated the need for these proceedings given the position that the Appellant
has taken. Nevertheless, the fact remains that there were already two separate
occasions on which the Respondent had assented to the Shares being passed to
the Appellant. This was effective to constitute her as the beneficial owner of
the Shares. Accordingly, we do not see how the Gift can be said to have
failed.

35 **_The important point that arises from the foregoing in the context of the
present appeal is that, by situating the analysis within the sphere of the law
of wills alone, it is clear that no compliance with s 259 is required in order
for the Gift to take effect pursuant to the Will itself, at least to the
extent of the Appellant acquiring an equitable interest in the Shares._** But,
if this is the case, what, then, is the _relevance_ (if any) of _s 259_? This
leads us to _the second step_ in our analysis, _viz_ , the purpose of s 259 in
general and its effect with regard to the facts of the present case in
particular.

What is the relevance of s 259 in the present case?

36 It appears clear – even from a cursory reading of s 259 (reproduced above
at [15]) – that that provision was intended to prevent any adverse dealing
with, or dissipation of, a company’s assets without the sanction of the court.
This is only logical and commonsensical, especially given the fact that a
winding up order has already been made against the company concerned. However,
if that is in fact the mischief that was sought to be dealt with by s 259
itself, such mischief is ostensibly _not_ present in this case. Indeed, that
was one of the main submissions advanced at the hearing by counsel for the
Respondent, Mr Tay Yong Seng (“Mr Tay”), although he raised a more literal
argument that _another_ reason why s 259 had no application here was because
it is explicitly stated to be relevant only to the “transfer” of shares post-
winding up. In this regard, Mr Tay argued, relying on the Supreme Court of
Queensland decision of _Re Kenzler_ (1983) 7 ACLR 767 (“ _Re Kenzler_ ”), that
the passing of interest in the Shares upon the Respondent’s assent is more
properly characterised as a _transmission_ ; and since this process (as
explained at [22] above) is an entirely different legal concept from a
_transfer_ , Mr Tay submitted that the present case fell outside of the
express ambit of s 259.

37 Counsel for the Appellant, Mr Lau, candidly admitted at the hearing that s
259 was _not applicable_ to the facts of the present case – at least in so far
as the basic mischief sought to be addressed by that particular provision was
concerned. Yet, he nevertheless sought to argue that s 259 _was_ applicable on
the facts of this case for _another_ reason – that in order for the Shares to
take effect as a gift under the Will, it was necessary for s 259 to be
complied with in order for the Shares to be transferred to the Appellant
pursuant to the gift of the same to her under the Will. Even on this
preliminary viewing, the _disconnect_ between the admission by Mr Lau that
this case did not fall within the mischief sought to be addressed by s 259 on
the one hand and his (simultaneous) insistence that s 259 is still relevant in
relation to the validity of the gift of the Shares under the Will on the other
was quite apparent. Whilst it could be said that these two arguments are
different, this is only so at a very _literal_ level. Surely, if s 259 was
never intended to apply to cases such as the present, it would be logically
inconsistent to then argue that that provision nevertheless applied to cases
such as the present. It therefore appeared to us that what Mr Lau actually
meant to say was that, at the time s 259 was enacted, the Singapore Parliament
did not specifically have in mind the case of a testamentary gift of shares
post winding-up; nevertheless, that provision must now apply in such a context
(as has arisen in the present case) because the validity of the gift depends
on compliance with s 259. Quite apart from this point, Mr Lau also sought to
address the Respondent’s alternative submission based on _Re Kenzler_ by
arguing that that case had been wrongly decided.

38 Having heard the parties’ oral arguments, it appeared clear to us that
there were two points raised in connection with the overarching issue of the
relevance of s 259 to the present case which would benefit from further
submissions, namely: (a) how had _Re Kenzler_ been treated in the leading
Australian treatises on company law and/or the law of wills and in the
subsequent case law; and (b) what was the purposive interpretation of s 259?
Parties duly tendered their respective further written submissions and, having
considered them, we agree with the position taken by Mr Tay at the hearing in
respect of his submissions regarding both the decision of _Re Kenzler_ and the
underlying purpose of s 259. We proceed to elaborate on these two sub-issues
in turn.

Section 259 is relevant only in respect of the transfer (and not transmission)
of shares

39 The facts of _Re Kenzler_ are as follows. A testator died leaving behind a
parcel of shares in a company to one of the executors of his will who was also
the residuary legatee. The executor sought to have the shares registered in
her own name and, to that end, instructed solicitors who wrote to the company
enclosing a document executed by the executors. However, the application for
registration was refused by the board of directors purporting to exercise
their discretion under the company’s articles to decline to register any
proposed “transfer” of shares. This led the executor to apply to court for an
order that the shares be registered in her name.

40 McPherson J allowed the application. He held that the directors had no
power under the company’s articles to refuse registration of what was properly
a “transmission” of shares rather than a “transfer”. He regarded this
application for registration as a “transmission” because title to the shares
passed to the residuary legatee _by operation of law under the will_ – even
though that only occurred pursuant to the executor’s assent, the assent was
_not_ what vested title in the shares in the beneficiary. We pause to mention
that this is precisely the point that we had made at [26] above, _viz_ , that
it is the will that is the instrument of vesting and not the assent of the
executor. It was upon this reasoning that McPherson J then went on to observe
that the application for registration was not to be understood as a “transfer”
of the shares but simply as implying the executors’ assent to the
“transmission” of the same under the will. The following extracts from
McPherson J’s judgment (at 772–774) are particularly instructive in this
regard:

… **_As a matter of general principle, it seems to me that the process by
which the applicant became entitled to her shares is properly described as one
of “transmission” in which no “transfer” is involved._**_The principle is that
a legatee takes title to the subject-matter of the bequest_** _by virtue of
the will_** _of the deceased, and_** _not by virtue of any act of the
executor_** , and this is so whether the legacy is specific or merely
residuary: see Williams & Mortimer: _Executors Administrators & Probate_, at
pp 848–850. It is true that, until the executor assents, the legatee has
merely an inchoate right to the subject of the bequest, but **_it is not the
assent that operates to vest title in the beneficiary_**. _As was said by
Viscount Haldane in_ George Attenborough & Son v Solomon _[1913] AC 76 at 83:
“The transfer is not made by the mere force of the assent of the executor but
by virtue of the dispositions of the will which have become operative because
of this assent.”_

…

It follows that an application to the company for registration of the
applicant as shareholder in place of the deceased cannot be regarded as a
“transfer” from the executors to the applicant as legatee. Indeed, the better
view appears to be that the deceased remains the “member” or “shareholder”
until, if at all, the personal representative is registered: _A L Campbell &
Co Pty Ltd v Federal Commissioner of Taxation_ (1951) 82 CLR 452 _The document
headed “transmission” forwarded by the applicant’s solicitors is therefore not
to be regarded as an application for transfer of the shares from the
executors, but simply as a request implying their_** _assent_** _to the_**
_transmission_** _from the deceased of_ __legal__ _title to the shares
which_** _by virtue of the will devolved on the applicant by operation of
law_** _._ Article 22(b) operates, as I have said, only upon a “proposed
transfer” of shares, and consequently does not affect the right of a legatee,
such as the applicant, to transmission of the shares into her name. There
being no other power in the article on which the directors could or did rely,
the applicant was and is entitled to registration of the shares in her own
name.

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics, and underlined italics]

41 In our view, the logic applied by McPherson J in _Re Kenzler_ is sound and
in harmony with the basic principles of succession law – because when a
specific legatee of shares ultimately acquires an interest in those shares
_under the provisions of the will_ , it is _by operation of law_ that he takes
such interest and that is properly a “transmission”. This is notwithstanding
the fact that the executor’s assent is required to give effect to the
provisions of the will. The executor’s assent, properly understood, merely
“activates the gift of the property _by the testator’s will_ ” [emphasis
added] (see _Parry & Kerridge_ at para 24-39). If there is any disagreement
that we have with McPherson J’s analysis, it is only in respect of the quite
separate point where he says (in underlined italics in the quoted passage)
that it is the “legal” title in the shares that passes to the beneficiary by
transmission pursuant to an assent. As we have sought to explain at [28]–[33]
above, the effect of an assent in respect of a testamentary gift of shares is
effective only to pass the _beneficial_ interest therein to the specific
legatee. It does not serve also to pass the _legal_ title in the shares – that
is contingent on the registration of a share transfer that has taken place in
accordance with the company’s articles.

42 Given that _Re Kenzler_ generally rests on sound principles, it is
unsurprising to find that the proposition which it lays down has _not_ been
the subject of any adverse comment in the relevant authorities which have
discussed this case (see, for example, H A J Ford, R P Austin and I M Ramsay,
_Ford’s Principles of Corporations Law_ vol 2 (LexisNexis Butterworths,
Looseleaf Ed, 2000, October 2012 release) at para 21.422; _Halsbury’s Laws of
Australia_ vol 7 (LexisNexis Butterworths, 1993) at para 120-5815; and
_Australian Corporation Law: Principles and Practice_ vol 2 (R P Austin _et
al_ gen eds) (LexisNexis Butterworths, 1991) at para 7.6.0085; see also
_Nitikman_ at 674). In fact, the Respondent was able to point us to several
Australian decisions which have accepted the proposition in _Re Kenzler_. For
example, in _Waters v Winmardun Pty Ltd and Ors_ (1990) 3 ACSR 378, which was
a decision of the Supreme Court of Victoria, Master Evans affirmed (at 384)
the principle in _Re Kenzler_ that shares devolved under a will to the legatee
by way of transmission (and not by transfer) as follows:

The word “transfer” when used in this context without any compelling textual
indication to the contrary (_Re Kenzler_ 7 ACLR 767 at 771[)] has been held
_not_ to include:

…

(iii) _A transmission of a deceased shareholder’s shares to his legatee_[:]_Re
Kenzler_ , supra.

…

These are all cases in which in a broad sense a shareholder has been divested
of his shares _by operation of law_ …

[emphasis added]

43 _Re Kenzler_ was also cited with approval in the recent case of _Atwell v
Roberts_ [2013] WASCA 37 which was decided by the Supreme Court of Western
Australia. In that case, the testatrix, Ada, had bequeathed her partnership
interest to her nephew, Keith, who was also appointed as the executor of her
will. The latter then transferred the partnership interest to himself (_qua_
specific legatee) and the question arose as to whether this “transfer” fell
within the meaning of cl 6 of the partnership rules which required that a
partner proposing to “dispose” of all or any of his or her partnership
interest give notice in writing of that desire. The court held that it did
not. Relying on _Re Kenzler_ , Murphy JA noted that, in assenting to the
bequest of the partnership interest, the executor had caused the partnership
interest to devolve upon himself by way of “transmission”; he had not, in so
doing, purported to “dispose” of the partnership interest (at [301]):

There are other reasons why cl 6 of the Rules of the 1976 deed is not engaged
in relation to the first, fourth, fifth and sixth transfers. As to the first
transfer, Ada’s interest in the partnership was vested in Keith, as trustee of
the Hamersley Trust, by virtue of the disposition in Ada’s will. A legatee of
an interest in the partnership takes such interest by virtue of the
disposition of the will, which becomes operative by the assent of the
executor: _George Attenborough & Son v Solomon_ [1913] AC 76 at 83; _Ex parte
Kenzler_ [1983] 2 Qd R 281 at 287\. Transmission of the interest to a legatee
is not, generally, regarded as an assignment or transfer of the interest: _Ex
parte Kenzler_ (285–287); and _Andco Nominees Pty Ltd v Lestato Pty Ltd_
(1995) 126 FLR 404 at 421–422. In assenting to the bequest, Keith, as executor
of Ada’s will, was not “proposing to dispose of … his units” within the
meaning of cl 6(1) of the Rules. …

44 In light of the above, we hold that _Re Kenzler_ is good law. Applying it
to the present case, it means that when the Respondent assented to the passing
of property in the Shares by making cheque payments of the liquidation surplus
to the Appellant, the equitable interest in the Shares devolved upon the
Appellant _under the Testator’s will_ by the process of **_transmission_**.
Accordingly, s 259, concerned as it is with the “transfer” of shares post-
winding up, is not attracted at all on a plain reading of that provision.

Section 259 is relevant only to bar the registered transfer of shares post-
winding up

45 The conclusion which we have just reached – _viz_ , that s 259 does not
operate to bar the transmission of the equitable interest in the Shares to the
Appellant – is further buttressed by a _purposive_ interpretation of s 259.

46 To begin with, it has been observed that our statutory insolvency scheme
has its “ultimate roots” in the Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK) and the
latter’s predecessor legislation in England; and, despite certain
idiosyncrasies, the fundamental features of our statutory insolvency scheme
continue to be found either _verbatim_ or in recognisable analogues of the
historical English insolvency enactments and their modern descendants (see the
decision of the Singapore High Court in _Beluga Chartering GmbH (in
liquidation) v Beluga Projects (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and
another (Deugro (Singapore) Pte Ltd, non-party)_ [2013] 2 SLR 1035 at
[32]–[33]; that decision was reversed in _Beluga Chartering GmbH (in
liquidation) and others v Beluga Projects (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in liquidation)
and another (deugro (Singapore) Pte Ltd, non-party)_ [2014] 2 SLR 815, but not
on this particular point). Indeed, in so far as s 259 of our Companies Act is
concerned, it is _in pari materia_ with s 127 of the Insolvency Act 1986 (c
45) (UK) (“the 1986 Act”). It is therefore useful to consider the rationale
behind s 259 with reference to the English statutory equivalent.

47 As the Respondent has pointed out, it appears clear from some of the
leading English insolvency texts that the object of s 127 of the 1986 Act is
to prevent shareholders from evading liability as contributories by
transferring their shares to a man of straw after winding up has commenced
(see, for example, Edward Bailey and Hugo Groves, _Corporate Insolvency Law
and Practice_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2007) at para 22.8 and Andrew R Keay,
_McPherson’s Law of Company Liquidation_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2013) (“
_McPherson’s_ ”) at para 7-062). Importantly for our purposes, it has also
been observed that “this policy is _sufficiently served_ by avoiding _only_
the transfer itself” [emphasis added] (see _McPherson’s_ at para 7-062). In
other words, the focus of s 127 of the 1986 Act is directed only at avoiding a
transfer of the **_legal_** title in shares post-winding up in so far as _the
company_ is concerned. As between _the parties_ , however, they remain free to
transact in the shares **_beneficially_** unhindered by the prohibition in s
127. There is _no prejudice_ to the creditors of the company in allowing such
dealings because the persons _as reflected on the company’s register_
continue, in so far as the company is concerned, to be liable to pay up on
calls made in respect of those shares. This is clear from the following
insightful commentary in _Vulnerable Transactions in Corporate Insolvency_
(Howard Bennett and John Armour gen eds) (Hart Publishing, 2003) (“
_Vulnerable Transactions_ ”) at para 8.44 on the general purpose and effect of
s 127 of the 1986 Act:

In a compulsory winding up the liquidator has a duty to settle a list of
contributories and a power (delegated to him by the court) to make calls on
those contributories to the extent of their liability. By prohibiting any
transfer of the company’s shares or alteration to the register of members
after the commencement of winding up, section 127 eases that task. The
liquidator can be confident that members whose names were on the register at
the commencement of winding up should be entered on the list of
contributories. _If shares are transferred after the commencement of the
winding up, as a result of section 127, the transferee is not entitled to be
entered on the register of members. The transferor remains liable for any call
and is entitled to participate in any surplus assets._**_However, it appears
that a post-petition transfer is only void as regards any effect to be given
to it by or against the company with the consequence that the rights and
liabilities of the transferor and transferee_****inter se**** _are not
affected._** [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

48 Similar observations on the ambit of s 127 were also made by the House of
Lords in _Inland Revenue Commissioners v Laird Group plc_ [2003] 1 WLR 2476 (“
_Laird Group_ ”) where, in commenting on the insolvency regime’s purpose of
making shares non-transferable, Lord Millett (who delivered the leading
judgment) observed as follows (at [32]):

… [I]t is only the right to transfer _legal_ title to the shares which is
affected; shareholders remain free to deal with the _beneficial_ interest in
their shares. _The purpose of making the legal title to the shares non-
transferable is merely to freeze the company’s register of members at the date
of the winding up so that the liquidator can safely deal with the shareholders
whose names appear on the register at that date._ … [emphasis added]

49 The early English Court of Queen’s Bench decision of _Rudge v Bowman_
(1868) LR 3 QB 689 provides a useful illustration of the operation of s 127 of
the 1986 Act in the manner described above (see also the discussion in
_Vulnerable Transactions_ at para 8.45). In that case, the claimant agreed to
sell shares in a company to the defendant after the commencement of winding
up. Subsequently, the defendant purchaser sought to avoid the contract of sale
by relying on the then statutory equivalent of s 127 of the 1986 Act. This
argument was held to be misplaced; the statutory prohibition had no
application on the facts. In essence, the court held that an agreement between
parties in respect of a transfer of shares, as opposed to a completed and
registered transfer, was not caught by the section. As Blackburn J observed
(at 696):

_The object of this section is obvious, inasmuch as when a petition has been
filed any shareholder might transfer his shares to an insolvent person, and
get him registered, so as to get rid of his own liability, and the register
might thus be made to consist of persons who had nothing to lose, the
legislature intervenes, and says, that between the petition and the order no
transfer of shares shall take place, unless the court otherwise orders._ …
**_As soon as the list of contributories is fixed, although no transfer can be
made till after that, I see no objection in substance to a transfer of
shares._**_If a man choose to speculate in the shares of a company being wound
up on the chance of making a profit, and the holder is willing to sell, what
is there in point of law forbidding such a bargain, or what is there in the
statute which says such a bargain shall not take place?_**_The seller would
still remain a contributory_** ; and there is no section in the statute which
says a contributory may not bargain as to shares; nor do I see why one of the
terms of the bargain should not be a contract of indemnity; not altering in
any way the liability of the transferor to the company, but giving him a right
of indemnity over against his vendee if he be called upon by the company to
pay any call. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

50 We do not see any reason why the position in Singapore should be any
different from that which obtains in the UK. The aim of preventing the evasion
of liability behind s 127 of the 1986 Act is also what underpins s 259 of our
Companies Act and, indeed, our courts have also found this policy to be
sufficiently protected by applying s 259 to render void only _registered_
share transfers post-winding up, without disturbing the parties’ underlying
transactions that deal only with the _beneficial_ interest in such shares. In
_Kong Swee Eng v Rolles Rudolf Jurgen August_ [2011] 1 SLR 873, Steven Chong J
considered whether s 259 applied to prohibit a sale and purchase agreement of
shares on the ground that completion of the sale was scheduled to take place
only after the commencement of winding up. Chong J held that it did not. He
referred to the Supreme Court of Victoria decision of _Jordanlane Pty Ltd v
Kitching and others_ [2008] VSC 426 (“ _Jordanlane_ ”) – which, we pause to
observe, also demonstrates that the Australian position in respect of their
statutory equivalent (_viz_ , s 468 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) is
similar to that in the UK – before stating as follows (at [30]–[31]):

… _The primary purpose behind s 468 of the Corporations Act is to prevent a
shareholder from evading liability as a contributory by transferring shares to
some impecunious person after the commencement of winding up._ The Court [in
_Jordanlane_] went on to observe that **_such a purpose can be sufficiently
served by avoiding the transfer of the shares only as far as the company is
concerned_**. Accordingly, a purchaser of the shares, such as the plaintiff,
cannot avoid completion in respect of agreements which were entered into prior
to the commencement of winding up, even if the company should subsequently be
wound up.

Mr Tan [counsel for the purchaser] quite rightly did not seek to rely on s 259
of the Companies Act to avoid completion of the S&P Agreement.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

51 The significance of the foregoing discussion to the present case is in
making clear that s 259 does not stand in the way of the Appellant acquiring
an equitable interest in the Shares even though the Respondent’s assent as
executor (which brought about that consequence) occurred only _after_ the
Company had been ordered to be wound up. Having regard to the purpose
underlying s 259, it can be appreciated why it is sufficient to interpret this
provision as barring only the _registered_ transfer of shares. This prevents
shareholders from substituting themselves with other impecunious persons on
the register which may, in turn, place the liquidator (and the creditors of
the company) in a quite untenable position when calls are made in respect of
the shares. By “freezing” the register, to use Lord Millett’s description in
_Laird Group_ (see above at [48]), the liquidator’s position is safeguarded in
the sense that he is able to take those who are listed therein as the persons
properly liable as contributories, _notwithstanding_ any dealings which such
persons may have privately entered into which affect the _beneficial_ interest
in the shares. In light of this, it is unnecessary to read s 259 in a way that
reaches _beyond_ the register such that it impinges upon the transactions of
parties _inter se_.

52 Therefore, apart from the fact that the equitable interest in the Shares
devolved from the Respondent (_qua_ executor) to the Appellant (_qua_ specific
legatee) by way of “transmission”, s 259 may _also_ be understood as having no
application in the present case when one takes into account its policy
rationale. The outcome of our analysis pertaining to the underlying purpose of
s 259 is that it would only kick in, so to speak, _if_ the Appellant had
sought to _register_ herself as the legal owner of the Shares (which she had
not done). In that event, she would have had to seek an order from the court
under s 259 approving such a transfer affecting the status of the Company’s
register. This leads us to our final observation in respect of s 259, which
concerns the limited relevance that it has to the present case as alluded to
at [3] above.

The limited relevance of s 259 to the present case

53 It should be evident from what we have just said in the preceding paragraph
that the Appellant had a _choice_ as to whether or not she desired – **_in
addition to_** having the _equitable_ interest in the Shares – to _acquire
the_** _legal_** _title in the Shares as well_. If she had elected to acquire
the _legal_ title in the Shares _as well_ , **_then she would have had to seek
a court order as required under s 259_**. **_Indeed, in our view, this is the
point of confluence, so to speak, between s 259 under company law on the one
hand and the law of wills on the other._** We would add that so long as the
transfer of the Shares is not approved by the court pursuant to s 259, the
Appellant would – _despite_ her entitlement to _the equitable interest_ in the
Shares – _not_ be entitled to the _legal_ title in the Shares. This is
notwithstanding the fact that the transfer of the legal title in the Shares to
the Appellant in this case, had she chosen to apply to the court for an order
to this effect under s 259, would not appear to raise any controversy, it
being clear that there was no risk of the Testator’s liability being evaded as
a consequence of such a transfer. In our view, so long as a transfer of the
legal title in shares is sought in a situation where winding up has already
commenced and it is not in any way to the detriment of any other party, it is
well within the spirit and purpose of s 259 for the court to confirm that the
said transfer is appropriately effected.

54 Mr Lau, however, relied upon the English Court of Appeal decision of _In re
Fry, Deceased_ [1946] 1 Ch 312 (“ _Re Fry_ ”) to argue that the failure to
comply with s 259 in the present case, akin to the failure of the transferor
in _Re Fry_ to obtain prior approval for the share transfer in that particular
case, must result in the Appellant failing to obtain an equitable right in the
Shares (as was the decision in _Re Fry_). _However_ , the situation in _Re
Fry_ was _quite different_. As the Respondent has correctly pointed out, that
case involved an _inter vivos_ transfer of shares from the shareholder to
_a_** _single_** _(and, indeed, the_** _only_** _) other party_ (_viz_ , the
intended transferee of those shares). The failure to obtain the requisite
approval as required statutorily in _Re Fry_ meant that the _legal_ title in
the shares concerned could not be passed to the transferee; _neither_ could
that transferee receive the _equitable_ interest in the said shares since that
would have had to have been _accompanied_ by the receipt of the _legal_
interest which had (as we have just noted) _failed to pass because of the
failure to obtain the requisite approval_. In the present case, however, the
_equitable_ title in the Shares _did in fact vest in the Appellant upon the
Respondent’s assent as executor of the Will_. Put simply, _unlike_ the
situation in _Re Fry_ , the Shares in this case did _not_ fall into a legal
black hole for want of compliance with s 259 _simply because compliance with s
259 was not required in the first place in order for the equitable title in
the Shares to vest in the Appellant_. As already noted above, the whole (legal
and equitable) title in the Shares vested in the Respondent _qua_ executor by
way of transmission _via_ the operation of law upon the Testator’s death.
_Thereafter_ (as also noted above), the _equitable_ interest vested in _the
Appellant_ upon the Respondent’s assent.

Conclusion

55 For the reasons set out above, we are unable to accept the Appellant’s
argument which was premised on the failure to comply with s 259. Whilst s 259
was not (as we have elaborated upon above) wholly irrelevant, it did _not_
prevent the _equitable_ interest in the Shares from vesting in the Appellant
by way of transmission pursuant to the Respondent’s assent, and thereby giving
effect to the Testator’s intentions under the Will. In the circumstances, we
dismiss the appeal with costs, together with the usual consequential orders.

56 We should add, however, that we do not, with respect, agree with the
Judge’s observations, as follows (see the Judgment at [39]):

I do _not_ think the [Appellant], or perhaps in this case her attorneys,
_acted properly_ in attempting to defeat the bequest made to her so as to be
able to _plunder a larger gain_ from the estate. Certainly it could not have
been the Deceased’s intention to permit her so to do. [emphasis added]

57 There is no evidence on record that there was anything untoward in the
conduct of either the Appellant or her attorneys. Indeed, although we
dismissed the appeal, the legal point that was raised was not an easy one by
any means, as demonstrated by the analysis above.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Sep 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

