Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Koh Peng Kiat  
[2015] SGCA 58

Case Number| :| Criminal Reference No 4 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 November 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Francis Ng, Suhas Malhotra and Stacey Anne Fernandez
(Attorney General's Chambers) for the applicant; The respondent in person;
Elizabeth Ng Siew Kuan as amicus curiae.  
Parties| :|  PUBLIC PROSECUTOR — KOH PENG KIAT  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2014] 4 SLR 703.]

24 November 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 By this criminal reference, the Public Prosecutor (“the Applicant”) has
referred the following three questions of law of public interest for
determination by this court pursuant to s 397(2) of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed):

(a) Are the statutory defences in s 49 of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005
Rev Ed) (“TMA”) available to a person tried for abetting an offence under s
49(_c_) of the TMA (“Question 1”)?

(b) Must a person seeking to rely on the statutory defence in s 49(i) of the
TMA take all reasonable precautions before he can be said to have no reason to
suspect the genuineness of the mark on goods to which a registered trade mark
has been falsely applied (“Question 2”)?

(c) Is an offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the Health Products Act (Cap 122D,
2008 Rev Ed) (“HPA”) one of strict liability, such that the Prosecution does
not have to prove that the person charged with such an offence has knowledge
that the health product in question is a counterfeit (“Question 3”)?

2 After hearing the parties as well as the _amicus curiae_ , Assoc Prof
Elizabeth Ng Siew Kuan (“Prof Ng”), on 1 October 2015, we reserved judgment.
We now give our opinion below.

Background facts

3 The questions referred to us arose from the High Court’s decision in _Public
Prosecutor v Koh Peng Kiat and another appeal_ [2014] 4 SLR 703 (“the
Judgment”) to allow the appeal of Koh Peng Kiat (“the Respondent”) against his
convictions by the District Court. We should highlight at the outset that the
Applicant has stated that, regardless of the answers given to the questions in
this reference, they do not seek a re-opening of the acquittals of the
Respondent in the High Court. It was therefore not necessary for us to
consider whether the Judge’s factual conclusions on the evidence before him
were correct. Nevertheless, we shall set out the key facts of the case as an
appreciation of the factual backdrop of the case is necessary to put the
issues in this reference in their proper context.

4 The Respondent was an optometrist who owned an optical shop which sold
spectacles and contact lenses. He had a partner named Neo Teck Soon (“Neo”),
and another friend, Andy Wong (“Wong”), who was also in the contact lens
trade. The Respondent came to know, in the course of his work, a Malaysian man
known only as “Ah Seng”. The Respondent was informed by Ah Seng that the
latter could procure boxes of FRESHLOOK COLORBLENDS contact lenses from
Malaysia at a good price. FRESHLOOK COLORBLENDS is a trade mark registered in
Singapore owned by CIBA Vision Pte Ltd (“CIBA Vision”).

5 Subsequently, the Respondent assisted Wong and Neo in purchasing the contact
lenses from Ah Seng. In Wong’s case, arrangements were made for Wong to pick
up the boxes of FRESHLOOK COLORBLENDS contact lenses from the Respondent’s
shop. Wong collected 30 boxes and paid $8 per box for a total of $240. As for
Neo’s case, the Respondent owed Neo some money and to help reduce the debt,
the Respondent had suggested to Neo to buy contact lenses from Ah Seng at $10
per box. The Respondent said he would absorb $7.50 of that price to reduce the
debt payable. The Respondent made arrangements with Ah Seng and Neo later
collected 100 boxes of lenses from a person (purportedly Ah Seng) at a bus
stop for $250. As it turned out, the boxes of contact lenses purchased by Wong
and Neo through the Respondent from Ah Seng, which Wong and Neo subsequently
resold to others, were found to be counterfeit.

6 The Respondent faced 14 charges at trial:

(a) Two charges under s 49(_c_) of the TMA read with s 107(_c_) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) for abetting by intentionally aiding persons to
have in their possession for the purpose of trade, boxes of contact lenses to
which the registered trade mark FRESHLOOK COLORBLENDS had been falsely
applied.

(a) 12 charges under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA for arranging to supply
counterfeit contact lenses purporting to be FRESHLOOK COLORBLENDS lenses.

The District Court decision

7 The Respondent was found to be guilty and convicted on all the charges by
the District Court. In coming to its decision, the District Court made the
following findings. First, the Respondent had played an active and crucial
role in arranging the deals between Ah Seng and Wong, as well as Ah Seng and
Neo. Secondly, it was found that the Respondent had reasons to suspect the
genuineness of the contact lenses but did not take any reasonable precautions
or exercise any due diligence for the following reasons:

(a) The Respondent did not ascertain from Ah Seng the provenance of the
contact lenses and he had not checked with CIBA Vision on the authenticity of
the contact lenses to be supplied by Ah Seng.

(b) The price offered by Ah Seng was much lower than the usual retail price
and the Respondent would have known of that. The low prices should have
aroused his suspicion regarding the authenticity of the products.

(c) The Respondent should have ascertained from Ah Seng whether Ah Seng had a
valid importer or wholesaler’s licence to import and distribute those contact
lenses in Singapore, or alternatively, checked with CIBA Vision or the
relevant authorities on the licences required.

8 The Respondent was sentenced to a total fine of $38,000 (in default five
months’ and 18 weeks’ imprisonment), being the sum total of the following:

(a) a $20,000 fine (in default five months’ imprisonment) for the first charge
(for abetting the offence by intentionally aiding Neo to have in his
possession for the purpose of trade 100 boxes of counterfeit contact lenses)
under s 49(_c_) of the TMA read with s 107(c) of the Penal Code;

(b) a $6,000 fine (in default six weeks’ imprisonment) for the second charge
(for abetting the offence by intentionally aiding Wong to have in his
possession for the purpose of trade 30 boxes of counterfeit contact lenses)
under s 49(_c_) of the TMA read with s 107(c) of the Penal Code; and

(c) a $1,000 fine (in default one week’s imprisonment) for each of the 12
charges under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA.

9 The Applicant appealed against the sentences while the Respondent appealed
against the convictions.

The High Court decision

10 On appeal, the Judge held that s 49 of the TMA is a strict liability
offence, but abetment requires knowledge or intention that the offence will be
committed even if the primary offence itself does not require it. The
Respondent was therefore not guilty of abetment by intentionally aiding Neo
and Wong unless he knew that the contact lenses in question were counterfeit.
However, there was no evidence to that effect. In addition, the Respondent had
also raised a valid defence under s 49(i) of the TMA.

11 The Judge also found that it was unsafe to convict the Respondent for the
12 charges under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA and the Applicant’s case was not
adequately proved, although it is contended by the Applicant that there was
some ambiguity as to whether the Judge had considered s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA
to be strict in liability when he came to this conclusion.

12 In the result, the Judge allowed the Respondent’s appeal against the
convictions and consequently dismissed the Applicant’s appeal against the
sentences.

Submissions before the court

The Applicant’s written submissions

13 The Applicant’s proposed answers to the three questions submitted for
determination by this court are as follows:

(a) For Question 1, the statutory defences in s 49 of the TMA are _not_
available to a person tried for abetting an offence under s 49(_c_) of the
TMA.

(b) For Question 2, a person seeking to rely on the statutory defence in s
49(i) of the TMA must take all reasonable precautions before he can be said to
have no reason to suspect the genuineness of the mark on goods to which a
registered trade mark has been falsely applied.

(c) For Question 3, an offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA is one of strict
liability, such that the Prosecution does not have to prove that the person
charged with such an offence had knowledge that the health product in question
was a counterfeit.

The Amicus Curiae’s written submissions

14 Prof Ng’s proposed answers are as follows:

(a) For Question 1, on the assumption that the provisos to s 49 of the TMA are
defences, they are not available to an abettor of the person charged with an
offence under s 49(c) of the TMA.

(b) For Question 2, the elements in s 49(i) of the TMA are inextricably linked
as part of a composite enquiry which mandates the court to subject the
accused’s assertion that he had no reason to suspect that the goods in
question were falsely applied with a registered trade mark against an
assessment of the reasonableness and adequacy of the precautions that were
taken in the light of the relevant circumstances.

(c) For Question 3, s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA may be construed as a strict
liability offence in the sense that the Prosecution need not prove that the
person charged with such an offence has knowledge that the health product in
question is a counterfeit to secure a conviction.

The Respondent’s written submissions

15 The Respondent, who did not have legal representation in this criminal
reference, filed written submissions to the effect that he was not guilty of
any offence. He had frankly stated in his written submissions that it might be
difficult to make sense of his arguments as he was not legally trained. At the
hearing, the Respondent also declined to speak as he was in no position to
offer any considered views on the legal questions under reference.

Our decision

Analysis of Question 1

The mens rea requirement in s 49 of the TMA

16 For ease of reference, we set out again Question 1: Are the statutory
defences in s 49 of the TMA available to a person tried for abetting an
offence under s 49(_c_) of the TMA?

17 In answering Question 1, it is necessary to begin by considering the
elements of the primary offence as well as the elements of the offence of
abetment of the primary offence, for the reason that before one can see if the
shoe fits, one must first measure the foot. We start with the elements of the
primary offence under s 49(_c_) of the TMA. Section 49 of the TMA provides as
follows:

**Importing or selling, etc., goods with falsely applied trade mark**

**49.** Any person who —

(_a_) imports into Singapore for the purpose of trade or manufacture;

(_b_) sells or offers or exposes for sale; or

(_c_) has in his possession for the purpose of trade or manufacture,

any goods to which a registered trade mark is falsely applied shall, unless he
proves that —

(i) having taken all reasonable precautions against committing an offence
under this section, he had, at the time of the commission of the alleged
offence, no reason to suspect the genuineness of the mark and on demand made
by or on behalf of the prosecution, he gave all the information in his power
with respect to the persons from whom he obtained the goods; or

(ii) he had acted innocently,

be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $10,000 for each goods or thing to which the trade mark is falsely
applied (but not exceeding in the aggregate $100,000) or to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding 5 years or to both.

18 As there is no controversy over the _actus reus_ of the offence, we are
mainly concerned with the necessary _mens rea_ for s 49(_c_) of the TMA, to
which the provisos (i) and (ii) of s 49 would appear to relate. Both the Judge
and the Applicant accepted the holding by Woo Bih Li J in _Cigar Affair v
Pacific Cigar Co_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 633 (“ _Cigar Affair_ ”) that an offence
under s 49 is “established without the _mens rea_ and it is for the accused
person to satisfy either of the provisos stated” (at [13]). However, Prof Ng
suggested that it is possible for ss 49(i) and (ii) of the TMA to be construed
as rebuttals rather than defences, in the sense that there is an implicit
presumption of fact within s 49 of the TMA which effectively imputes or deems
a certain culpable state of _mens rea_. Nevertheless, she does not think that
it is necessary to address this issue in answering Question 1. We share that
view.

19 In any event, even if the conceptual approach by which these conclusions
ought to be reached is not exactly undisputed, the following propositions can
be regarded as settled:

(a) In order to make out an offence under s 49 of the TMA, the Prosecution
does _not_ have the legal burden of proving that the accused person had
knowledge that a registered trade mark has been falsely applied to the goods
which are the subject matter of the offence.

(b) Notwithstanding this, the person accused of the primary offence can
exonerate himself if he succeeds in proving, to the satisfaction of the court,
the elements in proviso (i) or (ii) of s 49 of the TMA.

The mens rea under s 107(c) of the Penal Code

20 We now turn to the elements of abetment of an offence under s 49(_c_) of
the TMA. For present purposes, the key statutory provisions governing the
offence of abetment are ss 107 to 109 of the Penal Code, and the relevant
parts of those provisions are as follows:

**Abetment of the doing of a thing**

**107.** A person abets the doing of a thing who —

…

(_c_) intentionally aids, by any act or illegal omission, the doing of that
thing.

…

**Abettor**

**108.** A person abets an offence who abets either the commission of an
offence, or the commission of an act which would be an offence, if committed
by a person capable by law of committing an offence with the same intention or
knowledge as that of the abettor.

…

**Punishment of abetment if the act abetted is committed in consequence, and
where no express provision is made for its punishment**

**109.** Whoever abets any offence shall, if the act abetted is committed in
consequence of the abetment, and no express provision is made by this Code for
the punishment of such abetment, be punished with the punishment provided for
the offence.

…

21 We pause to make a few points at this juncture. First, it is well
established that an offence of abetment is not predicated on the primary
offence being made out, as Explanation 2 to s 108 of the Penal Code clearly
states: “To constitute the offence of abetment, it is not necessary that the
act abetted should be committed, or that the effect requisite to constitute
the offence should be caused.” Secondly, it is also reasonably clear that, in
the ordinary case (although statute can provide for otherwise), as the offence
of abetment is different and distinct from the primary offence, an abettor who
commits the offence of abetment cannot be said to have committed the
substantive primary offence (see the High Court decision in _Choy Tuck Sum v
Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 456 at [9]).

22 As for what the Prosecution must prove against a person charged with
abetment by intentionally aiding, the elements were summarised by this court
in _Bachoo Mohan Singh v Public Prosecutor and another matter_ [2010] 4 SLR
137 as follows (at [111]):

In order to establish that abetment has taken place, the Prosecution must show
that: _(a) the accused did something which facilitated the commission of
offence (see Explanation 2 to s 107 (at [110] above)); and (b) the accused had
knowledge of the circumstances of the offence_ (see _Daw Aye Aye Mu v PP_
[1998] 1 SLR(R) 175 at [41] and _Pritam Singh s/o Gurmukh Singh v Public
Prosecutor_ [2003] SGHC 160 at [33]). Nelsonian knowledge or wilful blindness
may also suffice for the purposes of establishing abetment liability (see
_Bala Murugan a/l Krishnan v PP_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 420 at [31]). In _Chiaw Wai
Oon v PP_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 233, Yong CJ explained the difference between
Nelsonian knowledge and lower standards of imputed knowledge in the following
manner (at [45]):

[M]erely being put on inquiry or a mere suspicion is not to be equated
automatically with knowledge. However, where the facts obviously point to one
result, and the accused must have appreciated it but shuts his eyes to the
truth, then together with the other evidence adduced, this can form a very
compelling part of the evidence to infer the requisite guilty knowledge.

[emphasis added]

23 _It was held in Daw Aye Aye Mu v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 175 as
follows (at [41]):

It is arguable that it is impossible to abet Ng without abetting San Lwin and,
_vice versa_ , it would be impossible to abet San Lwin without abetting Ng.
This is since San Lwin’s employment would necessarily involve Ng employing
him. However, in my opinion, whom the appellant actually aided would depend on
the appellant’s “dominant intention” at the time she did the act which led to
San Lwin’s employment by Ng. It is clear that, before the appellant can be
held to have abetted either one, _she must have had the necessary intention to
commit an offence_ , as s 107 states: to abet, one needs to “intentionally
aid, by any act, the doing of that thing”. Ajaib Singh J in _PP v Datuk Tan
Cheng Swee_ [1979] 1 MLJ 166 had said at 173:

Briefly to constitute the offence of aiding and abetting the prosecution must
_prove intention on the part of the abettor to aid and he must be shown to
have known the circumstances constituting the crime at the time when he
voluntarily does a positive act of assistance_.

[emphasis added in underline]

24 In other words, the person who abets by intentionally aiding an offence
under s 49(_c_) of the TMA must have done something which facilitated the
commission of the offence, and he must also have done so intentionally and
with knowledge of the circumstances constituting the crime.

25 But what does it mean to prove that the accused who is charged with
abetment by intentionally aiding an offence under s 49(_c_) of the TMA “had
knowledge of the circumstances of the offence”? The complication here is that,
as we have stated, the Prosecution does not bear the burden of proving that
the primary offender had knowledge that a registered trade mark had been
falsely applied to the goods that are the subject matter of the charge. The
Judge considered this issue (at [10] of the Judgment) and accepted the views
of the Supreme Court of India in _Kartar Singh v State of Punjab_ (1994) 3 SCC
569 and the commentary in Stanley Yeo, Neil Morgan and Chan Wing Cheong,
_Criminal Law in Malaysia and Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2012) at para
34.23, that all cases of abetment require proof of an intention or knowledge
on the part of the abettor that the offence will be committed _even if the
main offence itself does not require it_.

26 The Applicant accepts the Judge’s position, and, indeed, referred to case
law from India, England and Australia to buttress the Judge’s conclusion that
the Prosecution would have to prove that the abettor has knowledge of all
essential matters constituting the primary offence, even in cases where the
primary offender need not have knowledge of all such matters to be criminally
liable (see, _eg_ , _Callow v Tillstone_ (1900) 83 LT 411, _Johnson v Youden
and others_ [1950] 1 KB 544 and _Giorgianni v R_ (1985) 156 CLR 473).

27 In our view, such a conclusion is well justified as a matter of both
principle and policy. As Andrew Ashworth observed in his textbook, _Principles
of Criminal Law_ (Oxford University Press, 6th Ed, 2009) at pp 415–416, a
higher degree of fault should be required of the accomplice than for the
primary offender because, as the form of criminal liability moves further away
from the actual infliction of harm, the grounds of liability should become
narrower. Otherwise, the law would catch in its net all kinds of people who
unknowingly helped others to commit crimes of strict liability. Similarly,
David Ormerod in _Smith and Hogan’s Criminal Law_ (Oxford University Press,
13th Ed, 2011) (“ _Smith and Hogan_ ”) at p 208 also argued that, for strict
liability offences, the primary offender may, but an accessory may not, be
convicted without _mens rea_.

Do the defences apply?

28 We have noted that the abetment offence and the primary offence are
separate and distinct offences, with clearly different elements. One cannot
simply assume that a defence available to the primary offender will also be
available to the abettor. This can only be determined on a case-by-case basis.

29 Whether such a defence would apply depends greatly on the wording of the
provision in question. Quite simply, the literal words of ss 49(i) and (ii) of
the TMA do not fit an abettor. A rather strained reading would be required
before one can apply them to someone charged with an abetment of s 49(_c_).
For instance, the words “ _he_ proves that” [emphasis added], which precede ss
49(i) and (ii) of the TMA, can only make sense with reference to a person who
actually does any of the acts specified in s 49(_a_)–(_c_) of the TMA, _ie_ ,
a primary offender. The words “he _obtained the goods_ ” [emphasis added] in s
49(i) of the TMA also presuppose that the person who can rely on the defence
is in either actual or constructive possession of the goods, as would be the
case for a person who does any of the acts specified in s 49(a)–(c) of the
TMA. This would be inconsistent with the fact that a person can abet an
offence under s 49 of the TMA without ever obtaining the goods in question,
which again indicates that the defences were drafted with only primary
offenders in mind. That said, we would hesitate to conclude that, just because
a defence specific to an offence might _literally_ be applicable only to a
primary offender, the alleged abettor would _ipso facto_ be prohibited from
relying on that defence. Certainly, in the absence of clear indications to the
contrary, the court should be slow to hold that it was Parliament’s intention
to restrict the operation of any specific defences to primary offenders alone
if it would lead to an absurd or manifestly unjust outcome.

30 Notwithstanding the analysis above, the issue of absurdity does not arise
here. Under s 49 of the TMA, by its express wording, the legal burden of
proving a lack of fault is placed on the primary offender. However, there is
nothing in this provision or the provisions in the Penal Code (see [20] above)
which similarly shift the burden of proof as far as an alleged abettor is
concerned. The burden of proving the accused _did_ have the requisite guilty
knowledge remains throughout on the Prosecution.

31 The result, as the Applicant rightly concedes, is that even if as a matter
of conceptual purity, the provisos in s 49 of the TMA do not strictly apply to
the alleged abettor, he may nonetheless seek to prove the same facts in order
to raise a reasonable doubt as to the Prosecution’s case. For example, if it
is established that the alleged abettor had taken all reasonable precautions
and had no reason to suspect the genuineness of the mark that has been falsely
applied to the goods, the Prosecution would have failed to prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that the abettor had knowledge or was wilfully blind to the
fact that the goods were counterfeit. There can be no logic to bar an accused
abettor from doing so. This is common sense. Indeed, such facts, if adduced by
an accused abettor, will undoubtedly help the court in determining whether the
Prosecution has proven that the abettor had the requisite _mens rea_.
Accordingly, the Judge is not only entitled to, but also obliged to consider
the evidence adduced to determine whether the accused abettor (_ie_ , the
Respondent in the present case) has shown that he has satisfied the
requirements prescribed in s 49(i) of the TMA, even though it was not
obligatory for the accused abettor to do so.

Conclusion

32 In conclusion, our answer to Question 1 is as follows: ss 49(i) and (ii) of
the TMA are, strictly speaking, not applicable to a person tried for abetting
an offence under s 49(_c_) of the TMA. However, as the onus is on the
Prosecution to prove beyond a reasonable doubt in relation to an abetment
charge of an offence under s 49 that the abettor had the knowledge of or was
wilfully blind to the fact that the goods in question had a registered trade
mark falsely applied to them, the abettor is always at liberty to adduce facts
to raise doubts as to the Prosecution’s case against him and thus exonerate
himself.

Analysis of Question 2

33 Question 2 is as follows: Must a person seeking to rely on the statutory
defence in s 49(i) of the TMA take all reasonable precautions before he can be
said to have no reason to suspect the genuineness of the mark on goods to
which a registered trade mark has been falsely applied?

34 We would preface that the question as stated is not a novel one. Indeed,
the issue would seem to have been settled in Singapore for a long time,
although the pronouncements on the interpretation of s 49(i) have come only
from the High Court. They are the decisions of Yong Pung How CJ in _Trade
Facilities Pte Ltd and others v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 7 (“ _Trade
Facilities_ ”) and _Public Prosecutor v Tan Lay Heong and another_ [1996] 1
SLR(R) 504 (“ _Tan Lay Heong_ ”). In both cases, one of the issues concerned
the correct interpretation of s 73 of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1992 Rev
Ed) (“TMA 1992”), which was the precursor to, and, despite some changes in the
drafting, was _in pari materia_ with, s 49 of the TMA. In fact, the Judge had
considered and applied both of the aforementioned decisions at [11]–[14] of
the Judgment.

35 Section 73(_a_) of the TMA 1992 stated:

Any person who imports, sells or exposes or has in his possession for sale or
for any purpose of trade or manufacture, any goods or thing to which a
counterfeit trade mark is applied or to which a registered trade mark is
falsely applied, shall, unless he proves that —

(_a_) having taken all reasonable precautions against committing an offence
under this section, he had, at the time of the commission of the alleged
offence, no reason to suspect the genuineness of the mark and on demand made
by or on behalf of the prosecution, he gave all the information in his power
with respect to the persons from whom he obtained the goods or things; or

…

be guilty of an offence …

36 In _Trade Facilities_ , Yong CJ considered s 73(_a_) of the TMA 1992 and
held that there were three elements in the defence (at [59]):

The s 73(_a_) defence is relatively straightforward. There are three elements
in this defence, all of which must be satisfied. Thus, in order to avail
himself of this defence, it is quite clear from the plain language of s
73(_a_) that the accused must prove: (a) that he took all reasonable
precautions against committing an offence under s 73; (b) that at the time of
the alleged offence he had no reason to suspect the genuineness of the mark;
and (c) that on demand by or on behalf of the Prosecution, he gave all the
information in his power with respect to the persons from whom he obtained the
goods or things.

37 Question 2 is concerned with the first two elements alluded to by Yong CJ,
which might, at first blush, appear to be entirely independent of each other.
Any such misunderstanding was subsequently dispelled in _Tan Lay Heong_ ,
where after a careful consideration of the case law from England, India and
the Straits Settlements as well as their equivalent legislation, Yong CJ
concluded that the first two elements in s 73(_a_) of the TMA 1992 were in
fact interdependent and ought to be applied in a holistic and interactional
manner. He had stated (at [66]–[69] of _Tan Lay Heong_) as follows:

66 As for the first two elements of the s 73(_a_) defence, in _Allard v
Selfridge and Company Limited_ [1925] 1 KB 129, Lord Hewart CJ said at 134 in
a case involving the UK Merchandise Marks Act 1887 s 2, which contained a
defence similar to s 73(_a_):

The subsection, as I understand it, means that if a defendant seeks to excuse
himself upon the ground that he had no reason to suspect the genuineness of
the trade description he must lay the foundation of that defence by
establishing that he has taken all reasonable precautions; in other words, the
section in effect says that it is no excuse for the defendant to say that he
had no reason to suspect the genuineness of the trade description unless he
shows that he has taken all reasonable precautions.

67 _This may give the impression that the two elements are separate and
distinct. However, the two are actually inextricably tied together. It can be
said that this is really one element of having no reason to doubt the
genuineness of the mark after having taken all reasonable precautions._ In _R
v Ewe Kai Cheah_ [1926] SSLR 158, which was a case on false trade
descriptions, Murison CJ said at 160:

In the first place it must, I think, be understood that the section imposes
upon the merchants a duty (which without the section would not exist) to take
some trouble to find out that trade descriptions are not false. How far the
enquiry is to go is a question of fact in each case and in that connection the
further question arises as to what circumstances there are, in the selling of
an article, that should put the seller upon enquiry.

68 Whether a person has taken all reasonable precautions depends on the
circumstances of the case. Similarly, the same circumstances will determine
whether there is any suspicion that the mark is not genuine; _and suspicion
sits on a sliding scale_. This means that these two elements cannot be
separated. _Thus, if there is initially reason to suspect the genuineness of
the mark, more precautions will be required, so much so that after the
necessary precautions have been taken, there must no longer be any reason to
suspect its genuineness._ In _Shantilal Uttamram Mehta v Dhanji Kanji Shah_
([49]  _supra_) Bom LR 69, the following observation was made at 72:

The words ‘having taken all reasonable precautions’ must be read in
conjunction with the concluding words of that clause, namely, ‘had no reason
to suspect the genuineness of the mark.’ That means that the precautions,
which the accused is expected to take, have relation to the examination of the
mark and his coming to the conclusion that after having taken all reasonable
precautions, he had no reason to suspect that the mark was a false or
counterfeit mark.

69 This, however, does not answer the question in what circumstance it can be
said that the accused has taken all reasonable precaution and has no reason to
suspect the genuineness of the mark. _This, in my view, is a question of fact
to be decided having regard to all the circumstances of the case._

[emphasis added]

38 _Tan Lay Heong_ concerned the private prosecution of two respondents by the
representatives of the registered proprietor (“HWI”) of the trade mark HUNTING
WORLD. The second respondent (“Lim”) had taken over some products bearing that
mark from a large Japanese retail chain department store, Sogo, after he was
assured by one of Sogo’s managers (“Maniam”) that the products were genuine.
Lim sold the products under the trading name of the first respondent. After
the stock was depleted, Lim approached Maniam who referred him to Sogo’s
supplier, who in turned referred him to another supplier (the latter of which
assured him that he was an authorised distributor). Unfortunately, the
products Lim ultimately obtained turned out to be counterfeit.

39 In a judgment notable for its nuanced appreciation of the pragmatic
sensibilities of commercial life, Yong CJ took into account a number of
factors that remain as true today as it was in 1996. First, Yong CJ considered
that genuine goods can always come from alternative sources regardless of the
trade mark owner’s attempts to restrict redistribution, and indeed, he said
that “there are more parallel sources of legitimate branded goods in the
global market than one can imagine” (at [72]). He also considered that it was
not unreasonable and indeed often necessary for a trader to take into
consideration the reputation of its business partners, and it was relevant
that Sogo was a reputable concern to the extent that “a prudent businessman
might rely on its assurances and its recommendations” (at [52]).

40 Yong CJ acknowledged that there were a number of indications on the facts
which might have appeared suspicious with the benefit of hindsight and expert
submissions. Nevertheless, he pointed out that commercial activity does not
take place within the arid confines of a courtroom but in the hustle and
bustle of the real world, and therefore “the facts must be viewed from the
point of view of a reasonably prudent businessman at the time the transaction
was entered into” – the court should also take into account the background of
the transactions, as well as simple commercial sense (at [76]).

41 Yong CJ placed significant emphasis on the need to strike a reasonable
balance “between the rights of the trade mark owner and the practical
commercial reality that a retailer or distributor faces” (at [77]). As he
said, in everyday commerce, reasonable businessmen rely on the assurances of
their trading counterparts. It was unrealistic to expect that a businessman
should make inquiries of the trade mark owner or authorised dealer every time
he is offered a supply of goods, even from a reputable source, especially when
it is not always easy to discern who is an authorised distributor in the first
place. Moreover, if the distributor is a parallel importer, it would not be in
the authorised distributor’s interest to assist his competitor, and, in this
regard, Yong CJ referred to past cases of a trade mark owner being untruthful
about the genuineness of the goods when confronted with parallel imports,
which Parliament has expressly legalised. Accordingly, “all reasonable
precautions” should not be equated to inquiries with the trade mark owner.

42 Yong CJ summed up the point at [88]–[89] of _Tan Lay Heong_ as follows:

88 For this reason, I was of the view that the s 73(_a_) defence could, in
law, still be made out even if the second respondent had not made any
inquiries from HWI in the USA. “All reasonable precautions” does not mean that
the defence fails merely because the complainant can think of some precaution
which, on hindsight, would avoid infringing the owner’s trade mark. _It means
all precautions which an honest and prudent businessman would consider to be
reasonable to guard against infringing the trade mark at the time the act of
selling was done_. Reasonable traders seek assurances from their trading
counterparts. They do not necessarily make inquiries from the trade mark
owner.

89 This is not to say that mere assurance from one’s counterpart will always
be sufficient. Nor is it to say that it will necessarily be a good defence if
that counterpart is reputable. Similarly, it does not follow that under no
circumstance will it ever be the case that only an inquiry with the trade mark
owner suffices. In certain circumstances, if the goods were of such obvious
discrepant quality and the price was so low that any reasonable person would
immediately become suspicious, it may well be the case that nothing short of
inquiry with the trade mark owner suffices. The defence may not be made out in
such a case even if the accused had bought the goods from an authorised
distributor, for there is no rule that says that an authorised distributor may
not sell counterfeit goods. In other cases, it may well be apparent that the
goods come from a dubious source. In yet other cases, the price may be so low
that any businessman would become suspicious and would want to know why the
goods are sold so cheaply. In these cases, it may be that inquiries short of
asking the trade mark owner suffice, depending on the result of such
inquiries. _Much depends on the facts of each case._ Referring again to _Trade
Facilities_ ([42] _supra_), there is obviously a wide gulf between relying on
the reputation of a well-established retail chain with outlets worldwide and
relying on the reputation of someone met in a nightclub. The same applies to
persons they recommend as sources of goods.

[emphasis added]

43 Prof Ng endorses the position set out by Yong CJ that the first two
elements in s 73(_a_) of the TMA 1992 should _not_ be read disjunctively, and
that his reasoning is just as applicable to s 49(i) of the TMA. What initially
appears to be two distinct elements of “having taken all reasonable
precautions” and “no reason to suspect the genuineness of the mark” are in
substance clauses of a composite enquiry. The core issue lies in ascertaining
whether the accused had any reason to suspect that the goods in question were
falsely applied with a registered trade mark. This in turn necessitates an
objective assessment of the reasonableness and adequacy of the precautions
that were taken by the accused.

44 In other words, one cannot treat the first two elements of s 49(i) of the
TMA as embodying a rigid two-step test in which the issue of whether the
accused person has taken all reasonable precautions is assessed in a vacuum
without reference to the suspiciousness of the circumstances, which relates to
the second element. As Prof Ng had submitted, any attempt to ascribe a
conditional or chronological relationship between them would invariably be
unproductive, if not circular. We also share her view that it would go against
commercial sense to require honest traders to undertake each and every
possible check to verify the authenticity of the goods they deal in on a basis
that they are potentially fake. It is therefore our conclusion that s 49 of
the TMA does not impose such an onerous burden. We should, nevertheless,
caution that the accused’s _subjective_ views of whether he had taken all
reasonable precautions is not determinative; rather, Yong CJ had espoused an
_objective_ test, assessed from the perspective of a reasonably prudent
businessman at the time the transaction was entered into.

45 Further, Prof Ng also submitted it is possible – at least in theory – that
there may be situations where the circumstances are so objectively
unsuspicious to a reasonably prudent businessman that it was reasonable for no
precautions to have been taken at all, although such instances are likely to
be rare. Counsel for the Applicant did not quarrel with the learned _amicus
curiae’s_ analysis, except that he submitted before us that an accused person
in such circumstances should be vindicated under the s 49(ii) defence of
innocence rather than s 49(i). This criminal reference is, however, not
concerned with the exact dividing line between the two provisions. The issue
was examined in comprehensive detail in _Trade Facilities_ and we do not
intend, in the absence of detailed submissions on the point, to come to a
decision one way or another. In any event, the end result would likely be the
same.

46 In our view, Question 2 has already been answered nearly 20 years ago by
_Tan Lay Heong_ , a judgment which, in our view, has not lost any of its
vitality with age. We would therefore take this opportunity to affirm in whole
Yong CJ’s conclusions. Indeed, as we had noted, the Judge had followed _Tan
Lay Heong_ and applied the principles set out therein to the facts before him.
To the extent that the Judge was merely saying that it was _not necessary_ for
the Respondent to have checked with the registered proprietor, this was
perfectly consistent with _Tan Lay Heong_. The only difficulty we had with the
Judgment was that the Judge did not clearly say _what_ , exactly, were the
reasonable precautions that the Respondent should have taken, and did take;
and if it was reasonable that _no_ precautions were taken, why that was the
case. Since the Respondent’s acquittal is not being challenged, we do not
propose to deal with this point as it falls outside the ambit of the criminal
reference.

47 Accordingly, our answer to Question 2 is as follows: the first two elements
of “having taken all reasonable precautions” and “no reason to suspect the
genuineness of the mark” in s 49(i) of the TMA are not independent
requirements to be applied in a rigidly chronological or conditional order.
Instead, they are inextricably linked as part of a single composite enquiry in
which the accused’s assertion that he had no reason to suspect that the goods
were falsely applied with a registered trade mark is considered against an
objective assessment of the reasonableness and adequacy of the precautions
that were taken by the accused from the perspective of a reasonably prudent
businessman in similar circumstances.

Analysis of Question 3

48 Question 3 is as follows: Is an offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA one
of strict liability, such that the Prosecution does not have to prove that the
person charged with such an offence has knowledge that the health product in
question is a counterfeit?

49 Section 16 of the HPA states:

**Prohibition against supply of health products that are adulterated,
counterfeits, etc.**

**16.** —(1) No person shall supply, or procure or arrange for the supply of,
any health product which is —

(_a_) an adulterated health product;

(_b_) a counterfeit health product;

(_c_) a health product that has been tampered with; or

(_d_) an unwholesome health product.

(2) Any person who contravenes subsection (1) shall be guilty of an offence
and shall be liable on conviction —

(_a_) in the case of an offence under subsection (1)(_d_), to a fine not
exceeding $50,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years or to
both; and

(_b_) in the case of an offence under subsection (1)(_a_), (_b_) or (_c_), to
a fine not exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3
years or to both.

(3) In any proceedings for an offence under subsection (1), it shall be a
defence for the accused to prove that —

(_a_) he —

(i) did not know;

(ii) had no reason to believe; and

(iii) could not, with reasonable diligence, have ascertained,

that the health product was in contravention of that subsection; and

(_b_) he had taken all such precautions and exercised all such due diligence
as could reasonably be expected of him in the circumstances to ensure that the
health product did not contravene that subsection.

50 The Applicant said that they had raised Question 3 because the Judge was
unclear about whether s 16(1)(_b_) is strict in liability. The relevant
passage in the Judgment is at [15]–[17] which we set out below:

15 I now consider the 12 charges under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA. Unlike s 49 of
the TMA, there are no cases on point for s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA. An offence
under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA is also strict in liability. The wording of s
16(1)(_b_) of the HPA does not provide for _mens rea_ as an element of an
offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA. The accused has to avail himself of
either of the defences provided under s 16(3) of the HPA. I do not accept the
Prosecution’s submission that Parliament intended s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA to
be strict in liability. The Prosecution relies on the following statements
made by the Minister for Health, Mr Khaw Boon Wan, to contend that Parliament
intended an offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA to be strict in liability. …

16 These statements only go as far as to state that the HPA seeks to establish
a regulatory framework for the regulation of health products to safeguard
public health and safety. They do not demonstrate a legislative intent in
making an offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA strict in liability.

17 I find that it is unsafe to convict Koh for the 12 charges under s
16(1)(_b_) of the HPA. This is because the District Judge convicted Koh after
rejecting his defence for the same reasons he did for the first two charges of
abetment by intentional aiding. Those reasons, as I have explained, do not
adequately prove the Prosecution’s case.

51 There are sentences in the above quote which appear at first blush to be
inconsistent. At [15], the Judge said an “offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the
HPA is also strict in liability”. A couple of sentences later, the judge
stated, “I do not accept the Prosecution’s submission that Parliament intended
s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA to be strict in liability.” At [16], the Judge, after
referring to the Ministerial statements made in Parliament, concluded that
those statements did not demonstrate “a legislative intent in making an
offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA strict in liability”. While we do find
some difficulty on that account, we think the true view which the Judge had
was that he did not think that s 16(1)(_b_) created a strict liability
offence.

52 We will now turn to allude briefly to the difficulties inherent in the
concept of “strict liability”. Books have been written on it. The first part
of Question 3 itself asks whether s 16(1)(_b_) is an offence of strict
liability. But what exactly does that phrase mean? As Prof Ng observed, its
meaning is somewhat indeterminate, because different degrees of “strictness”
may exist. At one end of the scale, there are offences for which the
Prosecution must prove that a _mens rea_ attaches to all elements of the
_actus reus_ of the offence (examples of such offences include theft and
assault). At the other end, there may be offences (at least in theory) where
criminal liability automatically follows once the Prosecution proves all the
physical elements of the offence, and that, not only is the accused’s lack of
guilty knowledge or intention irrelevant, he may even be precluded from
relying on the defences of due diligence or reasonable mistake of fact or any
of the other general defences that are found in the Penal Code. To that end,
such offences are truly “absolute” in nature.

53 Between these extremes exists a wide variety of possibilities. For example,
a provision may not require that the Prosecution prove the _mens rea_ for a
specific aspect of an offence, but instead require the accused to prove an
absence of intention, knowledge, negligence, or the like. While it cannot be
said that no _mens rea_ attaches to an offence, the offence is still “strict”
in that the Prosecution can succeed even if it has led no evidence as to the
accused’s state of mind. The manner by which this result is accomplished is a
question of statutory drafting, and there may be different nuances in each
individual case. For example, Parliament is free to determine whether it is a
shift of the _legal_ burden, or merely the _evidential_ burden, and it is the
task of the court to determine which is the position in each case.

54 Another difficulty – and danger – in placing a criminal provision in a box
titled “strict liability” is that the physical and mental elements of a crime
may overlap. Some verbs, for example, may imply a mental element, and it has
been suggested that “courts generally give verbs their natural meaning,
including any mental element they imply, unless they consider that social
policy requires them to decide otherwise” (_Smith and Hogan_ at para 7.3.1.1).
In the present case it is not disputed that the Prosecution must prove the
accused did “supply, or procure or arrange for the supply of” the health
product that is the subject of the offence. It may well be argued that a
person can only “procure or arrange for the supply” of something if he has a
certain state of mind. He must at least know that he was procuring, or
arranging the supply of that something. We say no more as to what else may
need to be proved. Our purpose in mentioning this point is simply to
illustrate the perils of describing an offence as one of strict liability or
not.

55 Therefore, rather than engage in an unhelpful and possibly hazardous
exercise of determining whether or not to attach the convenient but unsettled
and potentially ambiguous label of “strict liability” to s 16(1) of the HPA,
we shall instead focus on the second part of Question 3, which is really about
whether the Prosecution has the _legal_ burden of proving that a person
charged with an offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA has knowledge that the
health products in question are counterfeit.

56 The construction of criminal statutes was summarised in the following terms
by V K Rajah JA in the High Court decision of _Public Prosecutor v Low Kok
Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 (at [57]) (cited with approval by this court in _Yan
Jun v Attorney-General_ [2015] 1 SLR 752 (at [58])) as follows:

To summarise, s 9A of the Interpretation Act mandates that a purposive
approach be adopted in the construction of all statutory provisions, and
allows extrinsic material to be referred to, even where, on a plain reading,
the words of a statute are clear and unambiguous. The purposive approach takes
precedence over all other common law principles of interpretation. However,
construction of a statutory provision pursuant to the purposive approach
stipulated by s 9A is constrained by the parameters set by the literal text of
the provision. The courts should confine themselves to interpreting statutory
provisions purposively with the aid of extrinsic material within such
boundaries and assiduously guard against inadvertently re-writing legislation.
Counsel should also avoid prolonging proceedings unnecessarily by citing
irrelevant extrinsic material to support various constructions of a statutory
provision; this would be tantamount to an abuse of the wide and permissive s
9A(2) of the Interpretation Act. The general position in Singapore with
respect to the construction of written law should be the same whether the
provision is a penal or civil one. Purposive interpretation in accordance with
s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act is the paramount principle of interpretation
even with respect to penal statutes; it is only in cases where penal
provisions remaining ambiguous _notwithstanding_ all attempts at purposive
interpretation that the common law strict construction rule may be invoked.

57 In the present case, the Respondent had been charged with 12 counts of
arranging the supply of counterfeit contact lenses under s 16(1)(_b_) of the
HPA, which is punishable under s 16(2)(_b_) of the HPA. Under the plain and
clear words of s 16(1)(_b_), the offence is made out if it is shown that the
accused has arranged for the supply of any counterfeit health product. Under s
2(2)(_b_) of the HPA, a health product is counterfeit if:

(a) it is presented in such a manner as to resemble or pass off as a
registered health product when in fact it is not; or

(b) it is presented with any false information as to its manufacturer or
origin.

58 There is no express requirement in s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA for the
Prosecution to prove that the accused had knowledge that the health product in
question was in fact a counterfeit health product. The fact that the statute
is silent as to a _mens rea_ is not the end of the matter, for there is a
common law presumption that _mens rea_ is an essential ingredient of the
offence (see, for example, _Leu Xing-Long v Public Prosecutor_ [2014] 4 SLR
1024 (at [6]), citing with approval _M V Balakrishnan v Public Prosecutor_
[1998] SGHC 169 (at [8])). This presumption may be displaced expressly or by
necessary implication: see _Public Prosecutor v Phua Keng Tong and another_
[1985–1986] SLR(R) 545 adopting the approach of the Privy Council in _Lim Chin
Aik v Regina_ [1963] MLJ 50 and the House of Lords in _Sweet v Parsley_ [1970]
AC 132 (“ _Sweet_ ”).

59 This common law presumption is perfectly consistent with the purposive
approach because a court should not lightly infer that Parliament intended,
without good reason, to punish people without a guilty mind, or that such a
result would suit the statute’s purpose. In _Tan Chong Koay and another v
Monetary Authority of Singapore_ [2011] 4 SLR 348, this court (at [50]) quoted
with approval the High Court of Australia’s decision in _He Kaw Teh v R_
(1985) 157 CLR 523 (“ _He Kaw Teh_ ”) at 567–568. In that passage, Brennan J
expressed the point that “[t]he requirement of _mens rea_ is at once a
reflection of the purpose of the statute and a humane protection for persons
who unwittingly engage in prohibited conduct”. As a person cannot be deterred
from doing something he never intended to do or did not know or would lead to
results he could not foresee, the presumption is that a statute would not
impose criminal liability on that person without _mens rea_ unless it is shown
that “the purpose of the statute is … to compel [the accused] to take
preventive measures to avoid the possibility that, without deliberate conduct
on his part, the external elements of the offence might occur” (at [50]).

60 So the question is – is there anything in s 16 of the HPA which suggests
that Parliament intended that the ordinary presumption of _mens rea_ ought not
to apply? In this regard, s 16(3), which is germane, provides that it is a
defence for a person being charged with an offence under s 16(1) to first
prove that he did not know, had no reason to believe, and could not, with
reasonable diligence, have ascertained that the health product was in
contravention of s 16(1), and secondly, prove that he had taken all such
precautions and exercised all such due diligence as could reasonably be
expected of him in the circumstances to ensure that the health product did not
contravene that subsection. By this provision, it is clear beyond peradventure
that Parliament intended to _not merely_ deter the accused from engaging in
the prohibited conduct, but _also_ compel him to take sufficient care to avoid
the occurrence of the external elements of the offence. In this scheme of
things, to also require the Prosecution to establish that the accused knew
that the health product was counterfeit in relation to an offence under s
16(1)(_b_) would render the defence in s 16(3) otiose, as well as fly in the
face of the overt purpose of the statute.

61 We would also add that the language of s 16(3) of the HPA falls plainly
within the general scope of s 107 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed),
which states as follows:

**Burden of proving that case of accused comes within exceptions**

**107.** When a person is accused of any offence, the burden of proving the
existence of circumstances bringing the case within any of the general
exceptions in the Penal Code (Cap. 224), or _within any special exception or
proviso_ contained in any other part of the Penal Code, _or in any law
defining the offence_ , is upon him, _and the court shall presume the absence
of such circumstances._

_Illustrations_

(_a_) _A_ accused of murder alleges that by reason of unsoundness of mind he
did not know the nature of the act.

The burden of proof is on _A_.

(_b_) _A_ accused of murder alleges that by grave and sudden provocation he
was deprived of the power of self-control.

The burden of proof is on _A_.

(_c_) Section 325 of the Penal Code provides that whoever, except in the case
provided for by section 335, voluntarily causes grievous hurt shall be subject
to certain punishments.

_A_ is charged with voluntarily causing grievous hurt under section 325.

The burden of proving the circumstances, bringing the case under section 335,
lies on _A_.

[emphasis added]

62 We ought to mention that English case law shows that language similar to
that used in s 16(3) – “it shall be a defence for the accused to prove” – has
frequently been read to be indicative of Parliamentary intention to transfer
the _legal_ burden of proof (see _eg_ , _Regina v Bezzina_ [1994] 1 WLR 1057
at 1062; _Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain v Storkwain Ltd_ [1986] 1
WLR 903 at 909; _Regina v Johnstone_ [2003] 1 WLR 1736 at [46]). Similarly, it
is also well-established that the burden of proof referred to in s 107 of the
Evidence Act is the _persuasive or legal burden_ (see _Rajapakse Pathurange
Don Jayasena v The Queen_ [1970] 1 AC 618 as well as _Tan Khee Wan Iris v
Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 723). Accordingly, we hold that s 16(3)
irretrievably demonstrates that to establish a case of an offence under s
16(1)(_b_), it does not lie on the Prosecution to prove that the accused knew
that the health product was a counterfeit. By s 16(3)(_a_)(i), the burden of
proving that he did not know is placed on the accused.

63 Our conclusion regarding Question 3 is further strengthened when the object
of the HPA is considered as a whole. The Judge had come to the conclusion (at
[15]–[16] of the Judgment) that the HPA was enacted to “establish a regulatory
framework for the regulation of health products to safeguard public health and
safety” based on the following statements of the Minister for Health, Mr Khaw
Boon Wan, during the Second Reading of the Health Products Bill (Bill No 3 of
2007) (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (12 February 2007)
vol 82 at cols 1262–1296 as follows:

There is a need to regulate some of these new [health] products to protect
public safety. First, we need to prohibit such products from containing
harmful substances, at the very least. Second, we need to evaluate the more
complicated health products for their quality and effectiveness. Third, we
need an effective post-marketing surveillance programme to detect any problems
early. But we need to regulate them in a practical manner given the wide
diversity and different risk profile.

…

... Items like counterfeit medicines, which might not contain the essential
life-saving drugs they are supposed to contain, or traditional medicines that
have been adulterated with potent drugs, are especially dangerous. They
threaten public health, and we have singled them out to make clear that we
take such offences seriously.

64 While the Judge considered that these statements do not, _ipso facto_ ,
demonstrate a legislative intent in making an offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of
the HPA strict in liability, it does go some way towards explaining _why_
Parliament found it prudent to displace the usual requirement that the
Prosecution proves the _mens rea_ of the offender. As stated in _Sweet_ at
163, _per_ Lord Diplock, as follows:

… where the subject-matter of a statute is the regulation of a particular
activity involving potential danger to public health, safety or morals in
which citizens have a choice as to whether they participate or not, the court
may feel driven to infer an intention of Parliament to impose by penal
sanctions a higher duty of care on those who choose to participate and to
place upon them an obligation to take whatever measures may be necessary to
prevent the prohibited act, without regard to those considerations of cost or
business practicability which play a part in the determination of what would
be required of them in order to fulfil the ordinary common law duty of care.
But such an inference is not lightly to be drawn, nor is there any room for it
unless there is something that the person on whom the obligation is imposed
can do directly or indirectly, by supervision or inspection, by improvement of
his business methods or by exhorting those whom he may be expected to
influence or control, which will promote the observance of the obligation …

65 Prof Ng and the Applicant are of the same view that s 16 of the HPA was
enacted to address the mischief that may be caused by activities, absent
proper regulatory safeguards and control, that are likely to create social
concerns and endanger public safety. We agree with them and we also take the
view that the reversal of the legal burden of proof in s 16 is justified, for
the primary reason that the persons who are best placed to ensure that health
products circulated in Singapore are safe and fit for consumption are those
who are in the supply chain. They can do so by implementing a system of
appropriate checks and dealing with reputable suppliers upstream. Consumers
are unlikely to be able to take any real precautions in identifying
counterfeits. Traders can also prove that they have discharged that duty by
keeping good records of their transactions, which should, in any case, be
encouraged. Furthermore, the suppliers of counterfeit products are unlikely to
be cooperative and requiring the Prosecution to prove knowledge would lead to
fewer prosecutions, to the detriment of society, given how easy it is for any
one trader to deny his state of knowledge.

66 For the above reasons, our answer to Question 3 is as follows: For an
offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA, the Prosecution does not bear the legal
burden of proving that the person charged with such an offence has knowledge
that the health product in question is a counterfeit, but the accused shall be
able to exonerate himself if he is able to discharge the legal burden of
proving the elements in s 16(3) of the HPA.

Conclusion

67 To recapitulate, our answers to the questions in this criminal reference
are as follows:

(a) Question 1: Sections 49(i) and (ii) of the TMA are, strictly speaking, not
applicable to a person tried for abetting an offence under s 49(_c_) of the
TMA. However, as the onus is on the Prosecution to prove beyond a reasonable
doubt in relation to an abetment charge of an offence under s 49(_c_) that the
abettor had the knowledge of or was wilfully blind to the fact that the goods
in question had a registered trade mark falsely applied to them, the abettor
is always at liberty to adduce facts to raise doubts as to the case of the
Prosecution against him and thus exonerate himself.

(b) Question 2: The first two elements of “having taken all reasonable
precautions” and “no reason to suspect the genuineness of the mark” in s 49(i)
of the TMA are not independent requirements to be applied in a rigidly
chronological or conditional order. Instead, they are inextricably linked as
part of a single composite enquiry in which the accused’s assertion that he
had no reason to suspect that the goods were falsely applied with a registered
trade mark is considered against an objective assessment of the reasonableness
and adequacy of the precautions that had been taken by him, viewed from the
perspective of a reasonably prudent businessman in similar circumstances.

(c) Question 3: For an offence under s 16(1)(_b_) of the HPA, the Prosecution
does not bear the legal burden of proving that the person charged with such an
offence has knowledge that the health product in question is a counterfeit,
but the accused shall be able to exonerate himself if he is able to discharge
the legal burden of proving the elements in s 16(3) of the HPA.

68 It remains for us to thank Prof Ng for her comprehensive and well-reasoned
submissions, which we found to be very helpful, and also the Applicant for
taking a fair and reasonable stance throughout the course of this criminal
reference.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Nov 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

