Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AKN and another _v_ ALC and others and other appeals  
[2015] SGCA 63

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos [P], [Q] and [R]  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 November 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andre Yeap Poh Leong SC, Adrian Wong Soon Peng, Ang Leong
Hao (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) (instructed) and Ng Lip Chih (NLC Law Asia
LLC) for the appellants in Civil Appeals Nos [P], [Q] and [R]; Evans Ng Hian
Pheng (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the respondents in Civil Appeal No [P];
Davinder Singh SC, Zhuo Jiaxiang and David Fong (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
respondents in Civil Appeal No [Q]; Alvin Yeo SC, Chan Hock Keng, Lin Wei Qi
Wendy and Chong Wan Yee Monica (WongPartnership LLP) for the respondent in
Civil Appeal No [R].  
Parties| :|  (1)AKN — (2)AKO — … Appellants — And — (1)ALC — (2)ALD — (3)ALE —
(4)ALF  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2015] 3 SLR 488.]

27 November 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Following the delivery of our judgment on 31 March 2015 in _AKN and another
v ALC and others and other appeals_ [2015] 3 SLR 488 (“the Main Judgment”),
certain matters were raised by the parties and we address these in this
judgment. In the Main Judgment, we allowed, in part, an appeal against the
decision of a High Court judge to set aside an arbitral award in its entirety.
We held that only some parts of the award should be set aside. We invited the
parties to file written submissions on costs and on any consequential orders
that they wished to seek. The parties raised various matters, some of which
were subsequently resolved. In this judgment, we deal only with those matters
that remain outstanding. For convenience, the defined terms that we used in
the Main Judgment will continue to be used here.

Brief background

2 Shortly after the Main Judgment was issued on 31 March 2015, we issued the
following direction on 1 April 2015:

We refer to [139] of the judgment of the Court of Appeal dated 31 March 2015
([2015] SGCA 18).

2 Parties are to file written submissions on costs and any consequential
orders no later than 16 April 2015. Parties will thereafter be informed if any
further written or oral submissions may be needed.

3 Each party duly filed a set of written submissions on 16 April 2015. The
Purchasers sought the following consequential orders:

(a) An order identifying the specific paragraphs of the Award that had been
set aside by us pursuant to the Main Judgment.

(b) A declaration that where specific parts of the Award had been set aside on
the grounds of a breach of natural justice, that:

(i) the issues or claims in relation thereto remain to be determined between
the parties in the arbitration given that by reason of that part of the award
having been set aside, there was no longer a valid and binding determination
or award under s 19B of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev
Ed) (“IAA”); and

(ii) the Tribunal accordingly retained jurisdiction to make a fresh
determination or award in respect of such matters.

(c) Alternatively:

(i) that the issues in question be remitted by this Court to the Tribunal for
its consideration; or

(ii) that a consequential order under s 8(2) of the IAA be made (although it
subsequently became apparent that it was an order under s 8A(2) that the
Purchasers were seeking, in effect to extend any applicable limitation period
by the time that had elapsed between the commencement of the arbitration and
the Main Judgment).

4 The Purchasers also submitted that each party should bear its own costs of
both the appeal and the hearing below. The Judge had awarded the costs of the
hearing below to the Respondents. Oddly, the Purchasers’ “alternative”
submission on costs was that they should be awarded 50% of their costs of both
the appeals and the hearing below.

5 The Secured Creditors submitted that they should be awarded costs of the
appeal (in CA No [Q]) and the proceedings before the Judge (in OS No [M]) and
that there should be no order as to remission. The Liquidator submitted he
should be awarded costs of the appeal (in CA No [R]) and the proceedings
before the Judge (in OS No [L]) “with (at most) a reduction of up to 20% to
reflect the partial success of [CA No [R]] vis-à-vis the Tribunal’s findings
on issues of liability”. The Liquidator also sought the following:

(a) An order specifying the portions of the Award that had been set aside as a
result of the Main Judgment; and

(b) A clarification that certain orders made by the Judge (on 17 November 2014
in OS No [L]) remained in force.

6 The Funds submitted that they should be awarded costs of the appeal (in CA
No [P]). They also sought an order to the effect that references to the Funds
at Annex A of the Award should be deleted.

7 We wrote to the parties on 25 May 2015 indicating our determination in
respect of some of the matters. The relevant part of our letter reads:

2\. The court has considered the material that has been placed before it and
makes the following orders in relation to costs:

a. The costs orders made by [the Judge] in relation to the matters below are
to remain.

b. In CA No [P], the appellants are to pay the respondents’ costs. Such costs
are to be taxed if not agreed.

c. In CA No [Q] and CA No [R], each party is to bear its own costs.

3\. The court declines to make any order clarifying which paragraphs of the
award have been affected or set aside because it is clear and evident from the
judgment of the court that was rendered earlier, which are the dispositive
parts of the award that have been set aside and to this extent there is no
need for any further clarification. The court does not consider that it can or
should make any order in relation to the specific paragraphs of the award that
concern the reasons of the Tribunal rather than its disposition of the matters
presented.

4\. The court declines to make any further order in respect of the orders made
by [the Judge] on 17 November 2014.

8 In the same letter, we also directed that the parties, save the Funds, file
further submissions on four particular points. These points arose out of the
application made by the Purchasers for the declarations or orders that we have
summarised at [3] above. The relevant portion of the letter reads:

5\. The court requires the parties – save the respondents in CA No [P] – to
furnish written submissions and any relevant authorities within 30 days and
thereafter attend an oral hearing on a date after June 2015. The parties will
be advised on the exact date in due course. The written submissions should not
exceed 20 pages. The purpose of both the written submissions and the oral
hearing is for the parties to address the court on the following questions:

a. What is the effect of parts of the award being set aside in relation to (i)
the arbitral proceedings, (ii) the Tribunal’s jurisdiction and (iii) the
possibility of those parts being remitted to arbitration?

b. After setting aside an award, does the court have the power to remit
matters to the Tribunal or is the Tribunal _functus officio_? If there is such
power, what are the considerations that should direct the court as to whether
or not it should exercise it? In particular, might there be justifiable doubts
as to the Tribunal’s ability to consider afresh and impartially the matters
remitted to it having regard to the fact that it has already ruled on these
matters once albeit that this has since been set aside?

c. Does the court have the power to remit such matters to a new tribunal?

d. Are the appellants precluded by the application of _res judicata_ , or any
related doctrine, from seeking to remit and re-arbitrate these matters?

9 The parties, except for the Funds which were no longer directly involved in
the proceedings, duly complied with this and filed written submissions on 24
June 2015. The parties appeared before us for a further hearing on 12 August
2015, at the conclusion of which we reserved judgment, which we now deliver.

The parties’ arguments

10 Of the various questions posed, only one received a common answer. This was
the third, namely whether the court, after having set aside an arbitral award,
has the power to refer matters to arbitration before a _new_ tribunal. All the
parties agreed that the court has no such power, citing _BLC and others v BLB
and another_ [2014] 4 SLR 79 (“ _BLC_ ”) at [119] where this court noted as
follows:

In our view, even assuming that the case was an appropriate one for remission
because it concerned a stand-alone issue, **_the clear language of Art 34(4)
does not, with respect, permit the remission of the award (without more) to a
newly constituted tribunal_**. It has been observed in Blackaby _et al_ ,
_Redfern and Hunter on International Arbitration_ (OUP, 5th Ed, 2009) (at para
10.34) that Art 34(4) is in fact “an equivalent provision to that of remitting
the award to the tribunal for _reconsideration_ ” [emphasis added]. That the
matter must be remitted to the same tribunal is also supported by Art 32(3) of
the Model Law which provides that the mandate of an arbitral tribunal
terminates, _inter alia_ , on the issuance of the final award, subject only to
the provisions of Art 33 _and Art 34(4)_. [emphasis in original; emphasis
added in bold italics]

11 In the light of the settled position we say no more about this, save to
note that it was not suggested by parties, nor is it our view, that the court
has some power, beyond or aside from Art 34(4) of the Model Law, to _remit_
matters to a tribunal in cases governed by the IAA or the Model Law. Hence,
any issue of remitting an award to a tribunal must be situated within the
context of that provision.

12 In most other respects, the parties (with the Purchasers on one side and
the Secured Creditors and Liquidator on the other) took opposed positions.
These differences pertained to (a) the effect of setting aside the Award and
(b) the question of remission to the Tribunal.

13 In respect of the former, at some risk of oversimplifying the submissions,
the Purchasers take the view that once a court has set aside an award, it
ceases to exist. From this, the Purchasers develop their case by contending
that arising from the fact that _the award no longer exists_ , it should be
treated as though _the award had never been made_ and therefore, the
jurisdiction of the tribunal revives, whether on the direction of the court or
otherwise. On this basis, they contend that in such circumstances, the parties
may canvass again the matters that had been the subject of the award before
the same tribunal. As a result, the Purchasers’ primary “prayer” was for a
declaration that various issues, notably those which were the subject of those
parts of the Award that we had set aside, remain outstanding and unresolved
and therefore that the Tribunal retains the jurisdiction to deal with these
issues. Their secondary “prayer” was for an order for remission. As against
this, the Liquidator and the Secured Creditors argue that when an arbitral
award has been set aside, although the award no longer has any legal effect,
the tribunal’s mandate, having been exhausted upon the making of the award,
does not revive by operation of law save possibly in the limited circumstances
provided for in the IAA (read with the Model Law) in the context of remission
and so the tribunal remains _functus officio_. They contend that the fact that
the award is invalidated upon its being set aside is a separate matter
altogether from what consequences should flow from the fact that proceedings
have in fact been held and did in fact result in an award, even if that award
has since been set aside.

14 In respect of remitting the matter back to the Tribunal, which, as
mentioned, was framed as an alternative submission, the Purchasers argue that
we could and should remit matters to the Tribunal even after having set aside
portions of the Award. The Liquidator and the Secured Creditors, on the other
hand, argued that we have no power to do so, and further, even if we did, this
was not an appropriate case for remission.

Issues

15 We propose to deal with the issues that remain to be determined as follows:

(a) First, can the court remit any matter, which is the subject of an award
that has been set aside (in whole or in part), to the same tribunal that made
the award?

(b) Second, what are the various consequences of setting aside an arbitral
award?

(c) Third, what is the relevance of _res judicata_ once an award has been set
aside?

16 Although we have framed the issues in broad terms, we consider them in the
context of the matters before us and by reference to the submissions of the
parties. Furthermore, although we refer generally to “remission” and “setting
aside”, our analysis in this judgment is confined to cases governed by the IAA
and the Model Law.

Our decision

Remission after setting aside?

17 By “remission”, we mean the court referring certain matters arising from an
arbitral award back to the very same arbitral tribunal which made the award.
The relevant provision in the IAA – or specifically in the Model Law – which
enables this is Art 34(4), which reads:

(4) The court, when asked to set aside an award, may, where appropriate and so
requested by a party, suspend the setting aside proceedings for a period of
time determined by it in order to give the arbitral tribunal an opportunity to
resume the arbitral proceedings or to take such other action as in the
arbitral tribunal’s opinion will eliminate the grounds for setting aside.

18 It is common ground that this is the only _express_ provision in the Model
Law or the IAA that permits the court to remit an award and it is to the very
same tribunal which made that award. The effect of remission is to confer
further jurisdiction on that tribunal, enabling it to consider the matters
remitted (see, _eg_ , David Sutton, Judith Gill and Matthew Gearing, _Russell
on Arbitration_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 23rd Ed, 2007) at para 8–175). Such
conferment is necessary because in the ordinary course of events, upon having
issued a final and binding award in respect of any given matter, a tribunal
would have exhausted its mandate in respect of those matters and would no
longer be able to vary, review or amend its award. This much is made clear in
s 19B of the IAA, which reads:

**Effect of award**

**19B.** —(1) An award made by the arbitral tribunal pursuant to an
arbitration agreement is final and binding on the parties and on any persons
claiming through or under them and may be relied upon by any of the parties by
way of defence, set-off or otherwise in any proceedings in any court of
competent jurisdiction.

(2)  _Except as provided in Articles 33 and 34(4) of the Model Law, upon an
award being made, including an award made in accordance with section 19A, the
arbitral tribunal shall not vary, amend, correct, review, add to or revoke the
award_.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2), an award is made when it has been
signed and delivered in accordance with Article 31 of the Model Law.

(4) This section shall not affect the right of a person to challenge the award
by any available arbitral process of appeal or review or in accordance with
the provisions of this Act and the Model Law.

[emphasis added]

19 This position is also reflected in Art 32 of the Model Law at least insofar
as the final award terminating the arbitration is concerned. That provides:

Article 32. Termination of proceedings

(1) The _arbitral proceedings are terminated by the final award_ or by an
order of the arbitral tribunal in accordance with paragraph (2) of this
Article.

(2) The arbitral tribunal shall issue an order for the termination of the
arbitral proceedings when:

(_a_) the claimant withdraws his claim, unless the respondent objects thereto
and the arbitral tribunal recognises a legitimate interest on his part in
obtaining a final settlement of the dispute;

(_b_) the parties agree on the termination of the proceedings;

(_c_) the arbitral tribunal finds that the continuation of the proceedings has
for any other reason become unnecessary or impossible.

(3) The _mandate of the arbitral tribunal terminates with the termination of
the arbitral proceedings, subject to the provisions of Articles 33 and 34(4)_.

[emphasis added]

20 As is evident from s 19B(2) of the IAA and Art 32 of the Model Law, Art
34(4) is the only avenue by which the court may direct the tribunal to review
its award. Art 33, which is also referred to in s 19B(2), pertains generally
to the correction of typographical or computational errors. If there was any
lingering doubt as to whether there might be some form of residual power
vested in the courts beyond Art 34(4) to remit matters to the same tribunal in
relation to matters governed by the IAA or the Model Law, such doubt cannot
survive Art 5, which expressly limits the extent of the court’s power to
intervene in an arbitration as follows:

In matters governed by this Law, no court shall intervene except where so
provided in this Law.

21 The effect of Art 5, as noted by us in _L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim
Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2013] 1 SLR 125 at [36]
(citing with approval Howard M Holtzmann & Joseph E Neuhaus, _A Guide to the
UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration: Legislative
History and Commentary_ (Kluwer Law and Taxation Publishers, 1989) (“
_Holtzmann & Neuhaus_”) at p 216), is to “confine the power of the court to
intervene in an arbitration to those instances which are provided for in the
Model Law and to ‘exclude any general or residual powers’ arising from sources
other than the Model Law” (see also _NCC International AB v Alliance Concrete
Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 565 at [22]–[23]). Article 5 has also been
explained as guaranteeing the “reader and user that he will find all instances
of possible court intervention in [the Model Law], except for matters not
regulated by it” (see _UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration: note by the Secretariat_ (UN Doc A/CN.9/309), which was issued
following the adoption of the Model Law by the UNCITRAL on 21 June 1985, at
para 16).

22 As to the ambit of the court’s power to remit matters to the same tribunal,
two things are clear. First, as we have noted at [18] above, the _only_
express source of such power is found in Art 34(4). Second, Art 34(4), on its
face, confers a _limited_ power. In particular, Art 34(4) on its terms does
_not_ empower the court to remit any matter _after_ setting aside an award.

23 Counsel for the Purchasers, Mr Andre Yeap SC (“Mr Yeap”), in his written
submissions, contended that Art 34(4) “implicitly recognises” the court’s
power to remit matters even after it has set aside the award. He elaborated on
this during the oral arguments by stating that there are _no legal limits_ to
the court’s power to remit pursuant to Art 34(4); rather, all questions of
remission, whether before or after setting aside, are matters that fall within
the general discretion of the court.

24 He raised three main points in support of his argument:

(a) First, the history of Art 34(4) was said to confirm this approach.

(b) Second, the express language of Art 34(4) which “is an enabling provision
rather than a limiting provision” was said to confirm this approach.

(c) Third, it was said that vesting a more expansive power to remit in the
courts “furthers the policy [of] minimum curial intervention by leaving
matters as far as possible to the [tribunal]”.

25 We deal briefly with the latter two points first. In relation to the second
point, although Art 34(4) might be enabling or permissive (presumably with
particular emphasis on the word “may” contained in Art 34(4)) in that it
enables the court to remit matters in certain circumstances, we cannot see how
this advances Mr Yeap’s position. The extent to which it enables the remission
must be as prescribed by the words of the section. In this regard, it is
evident that to avail itself of this power, the court must be satisfied that
it is appropriate to suspend the setting aside proceedings in order to give
the tribunal an opportunity to take such steps as may be required to eliminate
the grounds for setting aside. This is plainly a curative provision which
enables the court, faced with the fact there has been some defect which could
result in the award being set aside, to take a course that might forestall
that consequence. Though this is discretionary, we see no basis for concluding
just from the use of the word “may” that there are _no_ limits to the power to
remit that is conferred by the provision.

26 As to the third point, the argument that an expansive reading is cognisant
with the policy of minimal curial intervention is, with respect, misplaced.
First, a policy of minimal curial intervention nonetheless calls for such
intervention whenever it is warranted; and where it _is_ warranted, there is
no basis for suggesting that the court should seek somehow to negate or
mitigate the effects of its intervention by referring the matter back to the
same tribunal. Aside from this, the argument seems to us to be internally
inconsistent. An expansive reading of Art 34(4) would mean _more_ intervention
– not less – for the simple reason that the court would be able to confer
further jurisdiction on tribunals in _more_ cases and this would almost
necessarily be contrary to the legitimate expectations of at least one of the
parties, namely the one with a grievance that has been found to be valid.
Finally, in our judgment, the expansive interpretation that Mr Yeap urged upon
us was simply incapable of being applied without doing violence to the
language used in Art 34(4) and indeed, as we shall momentarily see, without
breaking faith with the intent of the drafters of the Model Law.

27 We turn now to the history of Art 34(4). In support of his contention that
the history of Art 34(4) spoke in favour of an expansive approach, Mr Yeap
placed particular emphasis on an excerpt from the work of Mr Chan Leng Sun SC
which, according to Mr Yeap, suggests that the _travaux préparatoires_ of the
Model Law indicate that Art 34(4) “was intended to preserve the national
courts’ option to remit an award where it was deemed appropriate”: see Chan
Leng Sun SC, _Singapore Law on Arbitral Awards_ (Academy Publishing, 2011) at
para 6.219. The full paragraph from the work in question reads:

**Nonetheless, it is clear from the** **_travaux preparatoires_** **of the
UNCITRAL Working Group that Article 34(4) of the Model Law 1985 was intended
to preserve national courts’ option to remit an award where it was deemed
appropriate**. The UNCITRAL Analytical Commentary on Draft Text of a Model Law
on International Commercial Arbitration was **_more explicit on the intent of
Article 34(4)_** :

Paragraph (4) envisages a procedure which is similar to the ‘remission’ known
in most common law jurisdictions, although in various forms. Although the
procedure is not known in all legal systems, it should prove useful in that in
enables the arbitral tribunal to cure a certain defect and, thereby, **_save
the award from being set aside by the Court_**.

Unlike in some common law jurisdictions, the procedure is **_not conceived as
a separate remedy but placed in the framework of setting aside proceedings_**.
The Court, where appropriate and so requested by a party, would invite the
arbitral tribunal, whose continuing mandate is thereby confirmed, to take
appropriate measures for eliminating a certain remediable defect which
constitutes a ground for setting aside under paragraph (2). **_Only if such
‘remission’ turns out to be futile at the end of the period of time determined
by the Court, during which recognition and enforcement may be suspended under
article 36(2), would the Court resume setting aside proceedings and set aside
the award_**.

[emphasis added in bold and bold italics]

28 The portion of the quote that we have highlighted in bold was emphasised by
Mr Yeap in his written submissions. However, later in the same paragraph,
which, to be fair, was also excerpted in Mr Yeap’s written submissions, it
becomes clear from the portions in bold italics that the “explicit intent” of
Art 34(4) was that remission was conceived as an _alternative_ to setting
aside (see the UNCITRAL Analytical Commentary extracted in the previous
paragraph).

29 Turning to the history of Art 34(4), it is equally difficult to find
support for Mr Yeap’s proposition. In one of the earlier drafts, the
equivalent provision, which, at the time, was numbered Art 41(4), read
(excerpted in _Holtzmann & Neuhaus_ at p 933):

If the court sets aside the award, [it may order that the arbitration
proceedings continue for re-trial of the case] [a party may within three
months request re-institution of the arbitration proceedings], unless such
measure is incompatible with a ground on which the award is set aside.

30 When this draft was reviewed by the UNCITRAL Working Group on International
Contract Practices (“the Working Group”) in its fifth session, the following
was noted (_Report of the Working Group on International Contract Practices on
the Work of its Fifth Session_ , UN Doc A/CN.9/233 at paras 190–193, excerpted
in _Holtzmann & Neuhaus_ at pp 936–937):

190\. Divergent views were expressed as to the appropriateness of retaining a
rule along the lines of paragraph (4). Under one view, the provision should be
deleted since it dealt in an insufficient manner with procedural questions
which were answered in a way not easily reconciled with the different concepts
of the various legal systems. It was also pointed out that setting aside
should be regarded as a remedy separate from remission to the arbitral
tribunal and that the wording between the second square brackets and the
following provisio lacked clarity.

191\. However, there was more support for retaining a provision along the
lines of paragraph (4), subject to various modifications …

…

193\. The Working Group, after deliberation, requested the Secretariat to
prepare a revised draft …

31 The later draft (excerpted in _Holtzmann & Neuhaus_ at p 938) read:

(3) The Court, when asked to set aside an award, may also order, where
appropriate [and if so requested by a party], that the arbitral proceedings be
continued. Depending upon the [reason for setting aside] [procedural defect
found by the Court], this order may specify the matters to be considered by
the arbitral tribunal and may contain other instructions concerning the
composition of the arbitral tribunal or the conduct of the proceedings.

32 This, in turn, was reviewed by the Working Group which noted the following
in its sixth session (_Report of the Working Group on International Contract
Practices on the Work of its Sixth Session_ , UN Doc A/CN.9/245 at paras
154–155, excerpted in _Holtzmann & Neuhaus_ at p 940):

154\. Divergent views were expressed as to whether paragraph (3) should be
retained. Under one view, the draft provision was useful in that it provided
some guidance on procedural questions which were relevant in the case of
remission. Under another view, the provision should be deleted since remission
was not known in all legal systems and, in particular, the idea of orders or
instructions to an arbitral tribunal was not acceptable. Under yet another
view, the option of remission should be retained, without the giving of orders
or instructions as envisaged in the second sentence; it was stated in support
that this device _would allow to cure a procedural defect without having to
vacate the award_.

155\. The Working Group, after deliberation, _adopted this latter view_ and
requested the Secretariat to revise the provision accordingly.

[emphasis added]

33 Based on this brief venture into the history of Art 34(4), not only can it
be said that there is no support for the expansive approach proffered by Mr
Yeap, it is apparent that the power to remit was conceived of as an
_alternative_ to setting aside. This is also supported by the views of certain
commentators, to which we refer below (at [37]).

34 We therefore disagree with Mr Yeap on this point. In our judgment, the
court has no power to remit an award _after_ it has been set aside. Not only
is this founded on the plain words of Art 34(4), but it also accords with good
sense. Remission is a curative option that is available to the court in
certain circumstances where it considers that it may be possible to avoid
setting aside the award. For that reason, remission, in the correct sense,
will always be to the same tribunal that made the award that is under the
consideration of the court. For completeness, we briefly consider two
decisions of the High Court that might be thought to stand for a different
understanding and in particular to support the existence of a power to remit
an award _after_ it has been set aside.

Previous High Court decisions

35 First, in _Front Row Investment Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Daimler
South East Asia Pte Ltd_ [2010] SGHC 80 (“ _Front Row_ ”), the High Court set
aside part of an award and thereafter “ordered that the part of the [a]ward so
set aside be tried afresh by a newly appointed arbitrator” (at [54]). In our
judgment, this was not so much an order to remit to a new arbitrator as it was
a consequential order to the parties to commence fresh arbitration (see also,
Sundaresh Menon (ed), _Arbitration in Singapore: A Practical Guide_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2014) at para 14.094). It should be noted that in _Front Row_ , it
was clear that the arbitrator had wholly failed to consider an issue because
he thought it had been abandoned. It was therefore the case that that part of
the dispute had never in fact been determined on the merits. Moreover, the
matter was not being referred back to the same tribunal and hence it was not
an issue of remitting the award at all.

36 Second, in _Kempinski Hotels SA v PT Prima International Development_
[2011] 4 SLR 633, the court set aside certain portions of an award and
thereafter purported to remit certain matters to the same tribunal that had
made the award. However, the parties in that case were agreed that the
arbitrator was not _functus officio_ (at [115]). The court also noted (at
[117]) as follows:

In this case, I have found that there was no evidence of apparent bias on the
part of the Tribunal. Accordingly, there is no reason for me to order that the
Arbitration continues before a fresh tribunal. The Arbitrator is fully
apprised of this complicated case and is therefore eminently suited to
continue to conduct the proceedings. In the continued proceedings, it may be
advisable that the Arbitrator not enter into or entertain lengthy
correspondence from the parties raising issues and points of law on matters
that are not the subject of any pending application before the Arbitrator.

37 In the paragraph that preceded this extract (namely, [116] of the
judgment), the court cited a quote from Robert Merkin and Johanna Hjalmarsson,
_Singapore Arbitration Legislation: Annotated_ (Informa, 2009) at p 118 as
follows:

The remedy where an application is upheld is the setting aside of the award.
_However, the court may as an alternative remit the award to the same
arbitrators_ for further consideration (art. 34(4)). If the court is of the
view that the arbitrators are unfit to continue the hearing, the correct
approach is the setting aside of the award and the appointment of a fresh
tribunal. If the court decides to remit the matter to the arbitrators, it is a
matter for them to decide how to proceed. [emphasis added]

The court, having cited this passage, did not express any disagreement with
the view – which we have emphasised – that remission is an _alternative_ to
setting aside.

38 It is difficult to discern the exact basis of the decision to “remit” the
matter. Perhaps, it proceeded on the basis that there was no reason to
constitute a new tribunal, and that the matter _could_ be heard by the same
arbitrator (see [115]–[117] of the judgment). Further, the point that
remission could not be ordered after setting aside might have been missed
because, as we have noted, the parties had agreed that the arbitrator in that
case was not _functus officio_. In any event, if the judgment is understood as
standing for the proposition that remission may be ordered after setting
aside, then it is incorrect and should be regarded as overruled at this point.

Conclusion

39 We accordingly hold on the first issue, that remission is a carefully
defined concept in the IAA (and Model Law), and that it operates as an
_alternative_ to setting aside in the manner we have described at [25] above.
In this case, as we have already upheld the setting aside of certain portions
of the Award, the question of remission does not and, for that matter,
_cannot_ arise. On this basis, at least the alternative relief sought by Mr
Yeap, which we have summarised at [3(c)(i)] above, is not available. We deal
with the limitation period point (summarised above at [3(c)(ii)]) below (at
[64]–[67]).

What are the various consequences of setting aside an award?

40 There remains Mr Yeap’s primary prayer, which is for the declaration at
[3(b)] above, and which seeks, in effect, to establish that because the Award
has been set aside, at least in part, there remains an obligation upon the
parties, pursuant to their arbitration agreement, to submit the affected
matters in dispute to arbitration before the Tribunal. It seems to us that
this raises the question as to what the various effects are, of a court’s
decision to set aside an award, upon:

(a) the award itself;

(b) the arbitration agreement; and

(c) the mandate of the tribunal which made that award.

41 The immediate effect of setting aside an award is generally undisputed –
the award ceases to have legal effect at least in so far as its status in this
jurisdiction is concerned. The Purchasers contend that beyond this, the
arbitration revives at the point immediately before the award was made. On
this basis, would the parties be able to return to the same tribunal to
“reopen” and “reargue” the portions of the award that had been set aside? If
that were the case, there would seemingly be no need for an order remitting
the matter to the tribunal for reconsideration in the circumstances we have
outlined at [25] above. Perhaps, this was why Mr Yeap sought remission as an
alternative to his primary position.

42 It is generally not for us at this stage to determine in a pre-emptive way
what the parties may or may not do, or what arguments they may or may not
attempt, before a tribunal. Those are ordinarily matters for the parties and,
in the first instance at least, for any tribunal from which they might seek
relief. But Mr Yeap sought a declaration from us and, in dealing with his
application, we express our views on these matters insofar as they pertain to
the issues that have been presented to us. We imagine Mr Yeap has taken this
course with a view to avoiding unnecessary costs should it emerge that his
preferred position is not viable as a matter of law.

43 In support of the declaration they seek, the Purchasers argue that when an
award is set aside, it “will have no legal effect and it is as if the award
was never made”. They go on to argue that “[a]s such, the parties to the
Arbitration are entitled to re-open and … have the issues in dispute covered
by the portions of the Award [that have been] set aside re-heard”. Two
questions flow from this:

(a) Does this mean that following _any_ successful setting aside application,
the parties may return (or be compelled to return) to arbitration? And if so,
is it simply a matter of the jurisdiction and mandate of the tribunal, whose
award has been set aside, reviving whether by operation of law or otherwise?

(b) Further, what is the relevance of finality in such proceedings (whether as
a matter of _res judicata_ or abuse of process)?

In this section, we focus on the former; the latter we discuss in the next
section.

44 In our judgment, the starting point of our analysis on the former question
takes us back to what we have said in the context of the power to remit. As
noted at [18] above, where the power to remit is exercised by the court, its
effect is to confer jurisdiction on the tribunal to consider the matter afresh
to the extent permitted by the remitting order. But for such conferment, the
tribunal would have no jurisdiction to do so because once it has rendered an
award, it has no further jurisdiction, power or mandate to deal with the
matters addressed in the award. This is also the effect of s 19B(2) of the IAA
and Art 32(3) of the Model Law.

45 This point was also carefully considered by Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in _L W
Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd_ [2014] 1 SLR 1221
(“ _L W Infrastructure (HC)_ ”) where she referred to the decisions of the
Supreme Court of Western Australia in _Alvaro v Temple_ [2009] WASC 205, of
the English Court of Appeal in _Interbulk Ltd v Aiden Shipping Co Ltd (The
Vimeira) (No 1)_ [1985] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 410, and of the Supreme Court of New
South Wales in _Mark Blake Builders Pty Ltd v Davis_ (NSW 9403294) (“ _Mark
Blake_ ”). She referred to an extract at p 19 of _Mark Blake_ (at [41]), the
extract of which reads as follows:

Thus in the end the extent of the arbitrator’s jurisdiction turns upon the
Court’s order – to what extent was the arbitrator’s jurisdiction expressly or
impliedly revived? … Depending on the terms of the order, it may be necessary
to look to the court’s reasons in order to decide the extent of revival … But
_the arbitrator does not have jurisdiction going beyond what is necessary to
give effect to the order of the court._ [emphasis added)

46 She then continued at [42]:

I make a few observations in light of the above cases. It is clear that an
order for remitter must be scrutinised with care and where an award is
remitted for an arbitral tribunal to correct a mistake or address an issue,
such an order will generally only revive the tribunal’s jurisdiction so far as
is necessary for it to make that correction or address that issue (as
evidenced by the court’s restrictive interpretation of the order for remitter
in the _Vimeira_ cases). There is no general entitlement on the part of the
tribunal to revisit issues and decisions _carte blanche_.

47 In our judgment, this is correct and it is entirely consistent with the
views we have taken of the power to remit at [25], [34] and [39] above.
Because the tribunal is conferred fresh or further jurisdiction by the court
to reconsider matters that it might have already dealt with, the extent of
such jurisdiction depends on the terms of the court’s order. We note in
passing that, at least in the context of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev
Ed), this was also the view taken in _Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount
Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 at [27], where this court noted as
follows:

… it would be appropriate to observe in passing that while it is true that an
arbitrator is usually _functus officio_ once he makes his award, his
jurisdiction is immediately revived by the terms of the remission to the
extent of the remission …

48 If this is the position where the court determines, in the context of an
application to set aside an award, that there is some _remediable_ defect in
the award which is capable of being cured by an order to remit the award in
lieu of having to set it aside (see the extract from the UNCITRAL Analytical
Commentary quoted at [27] above), then does the analysis change where the
defect is not “remediable” but is more serious so much so that the award is
not amenable to an order of remission for reconsideration but must instead be
set aside? Mr Yeap’s submission is that such indeed is the case, so that where
the defect is sufficiently serious, the mandate of the tribunal is wholly
restored and revived, without the need for any order of the court and without
any limit or constraint. In short, if the defect is sufficiently serious, then
framing Mr Yeap’s submission in the words of Belinda Ang J (see [46] above),
there would be a “general entitlement on the part of the tribunal to revisit
issues and decisions _carte blanche_ ”.

49 This is plainly counter-intuitive and we agree with Belinda Ang J who
observed in _L W Infrastructure (HC)_ at [42] that this “would appear rather
odd”. In our judgment, Mr Yeap is wrong in his submission that the effect of
setting aside an award is to wholly restore and revive the tribunal’s
jurisdiction. It is true that the effect of setting aside an award is that the
award ceases to have any legal effect, at least in the jurisdiction of the
seat court. But the fact that the award is annulled or ceases to have legal
effect or even existence is a different matter from the question of the
tribunal’s mandate and also from the status of the arbitration agreement. The
tribunal’s mandate, as noted above, ends with the making of its award unless
it is restored pursuant to an order remitting the award for the further
consideration of the tribunal.

50 Where a final award is made, this consequence is expressly provided for in
Art 32(3) of the Model Law, subject only to the exceptions that have been
expressly mentioned there. This is what is meant by the expression that the
tribunal is _functus officio_. This too was explained by Belinda Ang J in _L W
Infrastructure (HC)_ at [28]–[29]. And where a final award is made in respect
of _some_ matters only, then the effect is the same in relation to those
matters by virtue of s 19B(2) of the IAA. This was described as “partial
_functus officio_ ” in _L W Infrastructure (HC)_ at [32]_._

51 There is simply nothing to warrant the conclusion that where an award has
been set aside, the tribunal which made that award would somehow resume the
ability and mandate to determine afresh the matters that had been dealt with
in the award. But, as alluded to above, this goes to the mandate of that
particular tribunal. The fact that the award has been set aside would not, in
and of itself, affect the continued validity and force of the arbitration
agreement between the parties, save in the situation where the award was set
aside on the ground that there was no arbitration agreement between the
parties. In _L W Infrastructure (HC)_ , Belinda Ang J described this as
“Situation 2” and observed as follows (at [48]):

Similarly, where an arbitral award is “beyond power” in the sense that the
tribunal _lacks jurisdiction_ to deal with the dispute altogether (for
instance, where there is no valid agreement to arbitrate, where a party to the
arbitration agreement was under some incapacity or where the arbitral tribunal
has not been properly appointed) ... that would clearly be the end of the
enquiry and the tribunal would obviously not be vested with jurisdiction to
deal with the matter merely because the award has been set aside by the court.
[emphasis in original]

52 We agree with this analysis. But save in this situation, the arbitration
agreement will generally survive the setting aside of an award. On this basis,
it may be open, subject to certain other limitations, to which we will briefly
turn, for a party which has successfully obtained an award in the arbitration
and then seen that set aside by the court, to start a fresh arbitration. This
follows given that:

(a) The dispute has not yet been resolved since the award has been set aside;
and

(b) The arbitration agreement remains binding on the parties as to how they
will resolve their disputes.

53 This much is also reflected in the views of the academic commentaries
insofar as they have dealt with the subject at all. We mention here just some
of them:

(a) Nigel Blackaby, Constantine Partasides, _et al_ , _Redfern and Hunter on
International Arbitration_ (Oxford University Press, 2009) state at 618–619:

When an award is set aside, it is unenforceable in the country in which it was
made and it will usually be unenforceable elsewhere. In this situation, the
party who won the arbitration but lost the challenge is in an unenviable
position. If, for example, the award has been set aside completely on the
basis that the arbitration agreement was null and void, a further resort to
arbitration (on the basis of the void agreement) would be out of the question.
Resort to litigation might be considered, but there could well be problems of
time limits – to say nothing of more substantive difficulties, such as (for
example) the absence of a valid contract.

If the award has been set aside for procedural defects (for example, lack of
due process) the party who won the arbitration but lost the challenge is still
in an unenviable position. _The arbitration agreement will usually (but not
always) still be effective. Providing the claim is not time-barred, the
dispute must be submitted to arbitration and the process started over again._
This is a daunting prospect for even the most resilient claimant.

[emphasis added]

(b) Julian Lew, Loukas A Mistelis and Stefan Michael Kröll, _Comparative
International Arbitration_ (Kluwer, 2003) state as follows at Chapter 25:

25-53 When a court accepts the challenge the award is annulled or vacated and
is not enforceable in the country in which it was made. It will usually be
unenforceable in other countries although it may occasionally be enforceable
in some countries. Challenge may nullify the award in its entirety or in part.

25-54 After the award has been set aside the main question is whether the
parties are still bound by the arbitration agreement or whether the ousted
jurisdiction of state courts is revived. If a court decided that the
arbitration agreement is invalid the parties are no longer bound by it. If,
however, the award has been challenged on any procedural, jurisdictional or
substantive grounds the situation is different. In such circumstances the
question is whether or not a new arbitration can be started.

25-55 Several arbitration laws deal with this issue but suggest different
solutions …

…

25-61 _If an award is set aside for reasons other than invalidity of the
arbitration agreement, the agreement would survive the award and the parties
would still be bound to have their disputes settled by arbitration._ Often it
will be a case of remission of the matter or it may be a new arbitration
before a new tribunal.

[emphasis added]

(c) Gary B Born, _International Commercial Arbitration Vol III_ (Wolters
Kluwer, 2nd Ed, 2014) (“ _Born_ ”) states as follows at p 3392:

A further issue is what the effect of an annulment decision is on the parties’
arbitration agreement and the arbitral tribunal. With regard to the former,
the annulment of an award should have no effect on the parties’ underlying
agreement to arbitrate. _That agreement subsists even if an arbitral tribunal
engaged in procedural misconduct or manifestly misapplied the law or exceeded
the scope of its authority._

With regard to the effect of annulment on the arbitrators, the short answer
will generally be that the tribunal is _functus officio_ and an annulment does
not change this or bring the tribunal back into legal existence. …

[emphasis added]

54 Against this background, we return to the possible limitations that we
alluded to at [52] above, which might stand in the way of a party seeking to
commence fresh arbitration proceedings after an award was set aside. This is
by no means an exhaustive list but it seems to us that there are at least
three possibly significant matters that would have to be considered, quite
apart from practical considerations of cost and time, which are mentioned in
some of the extracts from the academic commentaries that we have referred to:

(a) It is possible that a limitations defence might have accrued by the time
the fresh set of proceedings is commenced. This possibility also has been
alluded to in some of the academic commentaries that we have referred to
above. We note that it is possible for this to be addressed in appropriate
circumstances pursuant to s 8A(2) of the IAA, which empowers the court in the
exercise of its discretion to extend time for the commencement of proceedings
by excluding from consideration the period between the commencement of the
arbitration and the setting aside of the award. We comment further on s 8A(2)
below (at [64]–[67]).

(b) We have said that the arbitration agreement will generally survive the
setting aside of the award. This would entail, however, the recommencement of
fresh arbitration proceedings and in general, one would expect a new tribunal
to be constituted. It is of course possible for both parties to agree to
reconstitute the previous tribunal as the new one. But in the absence of such
agreement, there remains the possibility that objections might yet be taken by
one of the parties to any attempt by the other to re-appoint a member of the
previous tribunal, on the grounds that there exist justifiable doubts as to
the impartiality of the prospective appointee by reason of his or her prior
involvement in the matter and in the award that has been set aside. This will
plainly be a fact-sensitive inquiry and we say no more about this.

(c) We think it is inevitable that in attempting to commence a fresh
arbitration, consideration will have to be given to the issue of _res
judictata_. We deal with this in the next section of this judgment.

What is the relevance of _res judicata_ and abuse of process?

Res judicata _and abuse of process_

55 We recently had the occasion to deal with the doctrine of _res judicata_
and abuse of process in _The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN
Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory Pte
Ltd and others, other parties) and another appeal_ [2015] SGCA 50 (“ _TT
International_ ”). We noted there that the underlying policy is that
“litigants should not be twice vexed in the same matter, and that the public
interest requires finality in litigation” (at [98]). We also dealt with the
three “ _res judicata_ principles” – cause of action estoppel, issue estoppel
and the “extended” doctrine of _res judicata_ – against the backdrop of the
decision of the UK Supreme Court decision in _Virgin Atlantic Airways Ltd v
Zodiac Seats UK Ltd (formerly Contour Aerospace Ltd)_ [2014] AC 160 (“ _Virgin
Atlantic_ ”) (_TT International_ at [99]–[103]). In particular, and of
relevance to this matter, we explained the “extended” doctrine of _res
judicata_ as follows (_TT International_ at [101]):

… There is then the litigant who seeks to argue points which were not
previously determined by a court or tribunal because they were not brought to
the attention of the court or tribunal in the earlier proceedings even though
they ought properly to have been raised and argued then. The law recognises
that in this … situation, the litigant – in the absence of “special
circumstances” – should also not be permitted to argue those points in order
that there might be finality in litigation, and this is where the “extended”
doctrine of _res judicata_ comes in.

56 The “extended” doctrine of _res judicata_ , which derives from _Henderson v
Henderson_ (1843) 3 Hare 100; 67 ER 313 (see _TT International_ at [101]), has
been acknowledged in Singapore to be part of the doctrine of the abuse of
process (see _Ching Mun Fong (executrix of the estate of Tan Geok Tee,
deceased) v Liu Cho Chit and another appeal_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 53 at [22]–[23];
_Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 at [51]–[53];
_Zhang Run Zi v Koh Kim Seng and another_ [2015] SGHC 175 at [59]–[60]; and
_Tan Bee Hoon (executrix for the estate of Quek Cher Choi, deceased) and
another v Quek Hung Heong and others_ [2015] SGHC 229 at [18]–[23]).

Res judicata _in arbitration_

57 Just as finality is of significance to the courts, so too is it of
importance to arbitration. Thus, the courts will typically not rehear matters
that have already been determined in arbitration (see, _eg_ , _Econ Piling Pte
Ltd and another (both formerly trading as Econ-NCC Joint Venture) v Shanghai
Tunnel Engineering Co Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 246 at [37]; s 19B of the IAA as
analysed in _PT First Media TBK (formerly known as PT Broadband Multimedia TBK
v Astro Nusantara International BV and others and another appeal_ [2014] 1 SLR
372 at [137]–[142]; see also an elaboration of what “matters that have already
been determined” refer to in _PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK v CRW
Joint Operation_ [2015] 4 SLR 364 at [45]–[53]).

58 Further, the court may disallow a party to raise certain points in court
which it could and should have raised in arbitration (see, _eg_ , _Denmark
Skibstekniske Konsulenter A/S I Likvidation (formerly known as Knud E Hansen
A/S) v Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd (formerly known as Ultrapolis 3000
Theme Park Investments Ltd)_ [2011] 4 SLR 997 at [30]–[46] and _Dallal v Bank
Mellat_ [1986] 1 QB 441 (in particular at 462–463)).

59 Whether as a function of substantive or procedural law, there is strong
support for the view that barring special circumstances, the “extended”
doctrine of _res judicata_ operates to preclude the reopening of matters that
(a) are covered by an arbitration agreement, (b) are arbitrable, and (c) could
and should have been raised by one of the parties in an earlier set of
proceedings that had already been concluded (see David Williams QC, “The
Application of the _Henderson v Henderson_ Rule in International Arbitration”
(2014) 26 SAcLJ 1036 at para 11; see also _Born_ at pp 3745–3746 and 3764 and
Filip De Ly and Audrey Sheppard, “ILA Recommendations on _Lis Pendens_ and
_Res Judicata_ and Arbitration” (2009) 25(1) Arbitration International 83 at
85).

_The relevance of_ res judicata _in this case_

60 Turning to the facts at hand, we had set aside the portions of the Award
relating to (a) the loss of profits claim; and (b) the Lost Land Claims. The
question is: what is the effect of this?

61 In respect of the former, we did so on the basis that the award of damages
for loss of an opportunity to earn profits was made in breach of natural
justice because not only had the parties throughout the course of the
arbitration proceeded on the basis that the Purchasers’ claim was for _actual_
loss of profits, the Secured Creditors and the Liquidator were not afforded
the opportunity to address the case on loss of opportunity, either when it was
raised or at all: see the Main Judgment at [69] and [75]–[79]). The point of
critical importance is that the Tribunal had in fact rejected the case that
_had_ been put forward by the Purchasers, seeking recovery in respect of
actual loss of profits. The Tribunal then allowed an alternative claim that
had never squarely been advanced by the Purchasers and had certainly never
been addressed by the other parties. We set aside the alternative claim
founded on a loss of opportunity but this does not displace the fact that the
primary claim had been rejected by the Tribunal. Pausing there, it seems to us
clear beyond doubt that if the Tribunal had stopped there, it would have been
impossible for the Purchasers to revive the issue or start a fresh arbitration
seeking relief for the same claim on an alternative basis.

62 In these circumstances, the fact that the Tribunal had, on its own
initiative, gone on to find for the Purchasers on an alternative ground, which
we have set aside, cannot in our judgment, give rise to _any_ possibility of
the Purchasers reviving this claim by a fresh set of proceedings. To do so,
would in our judgment, constitute a blatant abuse of process. To put it
another way, this dispute insofar as it was raised has been dealt with by the
Tribunal in its finding that there was no actual loss. Accordingly, there is
simply no basis on which a fresh reference to arbitration could take place on
this issue.

63 In respect of the second aspect of the Award that we set aside – the Lost
Land Claims issue – our basis for this was that “the Tribunal in effect
plainly overlooked merits of the Secured Creditors’ case as to whether the
Purchasers’ indemnity claim was premature because it mistakenly thought the
Secured Creditors had conceded that they would not be able to transfer the
Disputed Land to the Purchasers in any event … [and this therefore] comes
within the narrow ambit of _Front Row_ ” (the Main Judgment at [105]). In
short, because the Tribunal never engaged with the merits of the Secured
Creditors’ case, it seems to us that neither the strict nor the extended
doctrines of _res judicata_ are engaged.

64 It follows that the Purchasers may, if they wish, commence fresh
arbitration proceedings before a new tribunal on the Lost Land Claims. Here,
we return to the Purchasers’ (alternative) prayer for an order under s 8A(2)
of the IAA, to the effect that the period between the commencement of the
arbitration and the date on which the relevant part of the Award had been set
aside should be excluded for the purpose of computing the applicable time
pertaining to limitation periods. As against this, the Secured Creditors
oppose this on the ground that the Purchasers have failed to show that any
such order is either necessary or appropriate in the circumstances, while the
Liquidator contends that the Purchasers, in not having made an application
before the High Court, are precluded from doing so now. The Liquidator’s
argument proceeds as follows:

(a) First, s 8A(2) expressly states that “[t]he _High Court_ may order”
[emphasis added]. This court therefore has no power to make an order under s
8A(2).

(b) Second, and as an alternative, even if this court had the power to make an
order under s 8A(2), such power should only be exercised (again by virtue of
the wording of s 8A(2)), when an application had first been made to the High
Court.

65 We should note that the Liquidator’s primary interest was in the loss of
profits claim but the points he has raised in his arguments are nonetheless
relevant to the issue before us even in relation to the Lost Land Claims. In
our judgment, there is some force in what he has said. We note that the use of
the words “High Court” in s 8A(2) stands in distinction to other provisions of
the IAA (_eg_ , ss 6 and 7) where the more general word “court” is used. In
fact, in s 6(5), “court” is explicitly defined (for the purposes of ss 7 and
11A) to refer to any court in which proceedings are instituted. In s 10, the
High Court and the Court of Appeal are mentioned specifically and distinctly.

66 Unfortunately, the application under s 8A(2), and for that matter, the
Liquidator’s rebuttals, were not addressed in detail by the Purchasers in
their written submissions. During oral submissions, Mr Yeap, when asked if the
Purchasers would face any difficulty should the court choose not to exercise
its power under s 8A(2) (assuming such power was conferred by s 8A(2)), said
that he thought his clients would not be prejudiced. We asked that he
reconsider his position on the matter and restate his position during his
reply. When it came to his reply, Mr Yeap asked, “for the sake of caution”,
that we make an order (under s 8A(2)).

67 In our judgment, s 8A(2) avails only where an application has been made to
the High Court. Of course, where that is declined, the matter can be pursued
in an appeal brought before the Court of Appeal. This is not unlike the
position where an application is brought to set aside an award. This obviously
could not be brought directly to the Court of Appeal. In the present context,
as no application was made to the Judge = pursuant to s 8A(2), we consider
that to be the end of the matter.

Conclusion

68 For these reasons, we make only the following declaration:

Arising from the setting aside of that part of the Award that concerns the
Lost Land Claims, those claims and any relevant defences remain to be
determined between the relevant parties.

69 Save as aforesaid, we make no further orders or declarations beyond those
contained in our letter to the parties dated 25 May 2015 (see above at [7]).
The Liquidator will have his costs of this application against the Purchasers,
to be taxed if not agreed. Insofar as the Secured Creditors are concerned, we
make no order as to their costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Nov 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

