Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Qiu Shuihua  
[2015] SGHC 102

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 228 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hay Hung Chun and Ramesh Ethan Anand (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; Mervyn Cheong (M/s Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Qiu Shuihua  
  
15 April 2015|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

1 Magistrate’s Appeal No 228 of 2014 was an appeal brought by the Public
Prosecutor against a four-month imprisonment sentence imposed by the district
judge on the Respondent (see _Public Prosecutor v Qui Shuihua_ [2014] SGDC 448
(“the GD”)) in relation to two charges of sexual penetration of a minor, an
offence under s 376A(1) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) punishable
under s 376A(2) of the same Code. To give a better understanding of the
breadth of this section, I set out the relevant parts which read as follows:

**Sexual penetration of minor under 16**

**376A**.—(1) Any person (A) who —

(_a_) penetrates, with A’s penis, the vagina, anus or mouth, as the case may
be, of a person under 16 years of age (B);

(_b_) sexually penetrates, with a part of A’s body (other than A’s penis) or
anything else, the vagina or anus, as the case may be, of a person under 16
years of age (B);

…

with or without B’s consent, shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), a person who is guilty of an offence under this
section shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 10
years, or with fine, or with both.

2 Of the two charges, one charge related to digital-vaginal penetration and
another penile-vaginal penetration. The Respondent admitted to the charges,
and accordingly, pleaded guilty. The district judge sentenced the Respondent
to two months’ imprisonment for the charge involving digital-vaginal
penetration, and four months’ imprisonment for the charge involving penile-
vaginal penetration. The two sentences were ordered to run concurrently. The
Respondent also consented to having two additional charges under ss
376A(1)(_a_) and (_b_) taken into consideration for the purposes of
sentencing.

3 After hearing the submissions of parties, I allowed the appeal. I enhanced
the sentence imposed for the penile-vaginal penetration charge to ten months’
imprisonment. I did not disturb the sentence of two months’ imprisonment
imposed by the district judge for the digital-vaginal penetration charge. Like
the district judge, I also ordered both sentences to run concurrently with the
sentence backdated to the date on which the Respondent began his
incarceration. I now give the reasons for my decision to allow the appeal of
the Prosecution.

Background facts

4 The Respondent is a national of the People’s Republic of China. He was 21
years old at the time of the commission of the offences. The victim, a girl,
was then aged 14. They became acquainted with each other through an instant
messaging application known as QQ chat on 11 November 2012. At that time, they
were aware of each other’s age as both of them had truthfully stated their
respective ages under their QQ chat user profiles. After interacting with each
other through the application, the Respondent and the victim exchanged contact
details and finally met each other on 12 November 2012. They continued to meet
on the following day.

5 On the third day, 14 November 2012, the victim visited the Respondent at his
work place. On this occasion, the victim gave the Respondent a pendant which
bore the Chinese character meaning “love”. He then took her to a container
office where they engaged in petting which eventually led to the Respondent
penetrating the victim’s vagina with his finger. It was this act that gave
rise to the charge for digital-vaginal penetration.

6 Two days later, on 16 November 2012, the victim, wanting to see the
Respondent, visited the latter at his home as the latter had informed her that
he was under the weather and did not want to leave his flat. They engaged in
intimate acts but the victim initially refused to copulate with the Respondent
as requested by the latter. The Respondent then told the victim that he felt
“disappointed” and that he was “tired of her”.[note: 1] He also threatened to
break up with the victim if she refused to have sex with him. The victim
thereafter succumbed to the Respondent’s emotional blackmail and consented to
sexual intercourse. The Respondent proceeded to engage in unprotected sex with
the victim but ejaculated on the victim’s body. The charge for penile-vaginal
penetration relates specifically to this instance of fornication.

The decision below

7 The district judge was of the opinion that the primary sentencing
consideration in relation to the two charges (for which the Respondent was
convicted of) was that of deterrence. He also identified the benchmark
sentence for the penile-virginal penetration offence to be 12 months’
imprisonment. However, he sentenced the Respondent to only four months’
imprisonment for the penile-vaginal penetration charge and two months’
imprisonment for the digital-vaginal penetration charge, after taking into
account the following mitigating factors:

(a) The Respondent had acted impulsively and the offences were committed in
the spur of the moment.

(b) The Respondent was only 21 years old at the time of the offence. This
meant that the age difference between the Respondent and the victim was
relatively small.

(c) Despite the fact that the relationship had progressed for only a few days,
_ie_ , from 12 November 2012, the Respondent and the victim were in a
“genuine” relationship when they engaged in sexual intercourse on 16 November
2012. He was not a sexual predator (see GD at [22]).

The parties’ submissions

The prosecution’s case

8 The prosecution’s arguments before me centred on the sentence imposed in
relation to the penile-vaginal penetration charge which it contended was
manifestly inadequate. Its arguments were twofold. First, the prosecution
submitted that, given the briefness of the encounter between the Respondent
and the victim, the district judge should not have concluded that a “genuine”
relationship existed between them. The prosecution argued that the Respondent
had not committed the acts out of impulse and emotion but had instead
systematically preyed on the victim’s naivety.

9 Secondly, the prosecution took the view that the district judge failed to
accord adequate weight to the fact that the Respondent had emotionally
blackmailed the victim into having sex with him. The prosecution also
contended that the district judge had failed to give adequate consideration to
the two additional charges which were taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing.

10 The prosecution, therefore, submitted that a benchmark sentence of ten to
twelve months’ imprisonment should be imposed for the penile-vaginal
penetration offence.

The respondent’s case

11 Counsel for the Respondent, in answer, argued that the district judge was
correct in finding the existence of a “genuine” relationship. In particular,
he argued that the benchmark sentence of ten to twelve months’ imprisonment
should only be imposed in the absence of a relationship. Furthermore, he
contended that the victim voluntarily consented to engaging in the sexual act,
and was not coerced into doing so. Lastly, counsel for the Respondent
submitted that little weight should be given to the two charges taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing since they arose from the same
transaction as the offence relating to the penile-vaginal penetration of the
victim.

My decision

The applicable principles

12 Prior to the enactment of s 376A of the Penal Code in 2007, offences
relating to sexual intercourse with a girl below the age of 16 were only
punishable under s 140(1)(_i_) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed)
which provides:

**140.** —(1) Any person who —

…

(_i_) has carnal connection with any girl below the age of 16 years except by
way of marriage; …

…

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years and shall also be liable to a
fine not exceeding $10,000.

13 The introduction of s 376A of the Penal Code, therefore, accorded the
prosecution with greater prosecutorial discretion in deciding on the
appropriate charge to be brought against an accused person in light of the
circumstances. This was indeed parliament’s intention (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (22 October 2007) vol 83 at col 2175
(Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee, Senior Minister of State for Home Affairs). It
follows that the considerations applicable to s 140(1)(_i_) of the Women’s
Charter should similarly be applicable to offences under s 376A of the Penal
Code. In this regard, I would refer to the decision of Yong Pung How CJ in
_Tay Kim Kuan v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 876 (“ _Tay Kim Kuan_ ”), a
case dealing with an offence under s 140(1)(_i_) of the Women’s Charter, where
the then Chief Justice comprehensively expounded the policy behind that
statutory provision (at [13]):

… issues of consent are entirely irrelevant to offences under s 140(1)(_i_) of
the Women's Charter, the policy of which is to afford blanket protection to
young girls who are regarded by the statute as being mentally and emotionally
unprepared to handle relationships of a sexual nature. Girls under the age of
16 are thus deemed by the law to be incapable of giving valid consent to a
sexual act, and, in my view, rightly so, as many at that age are ill-equipped
to handle the serious social consequences which often arise out of just one
single night of reckless passion. These girls often lack not just the
resources but the emotional strength of mind to cope with the heavy
responsibilities of an unplanned pregnancy and worse, the physical and
psychological trauma of having to undergo an abortion. The spectre of unwanted
children, its links to juvenile delinquency and the concomitant effects on the
progress of modern society all collectively favour the legislative policy of
strict liability where sexual intercourse with underaged girls is concerned.
Much as these girls may have procured or actively initiated the encounter, the
purpose of s 140(1)(_i_) is to place the onus on the male adult to exercise
restraint and discipline in curbing his carnality. In this respect, the law
may be said to be paternalistic, and perhaps even overprotective in seeking to
guard young girls from a precocious desire for sexual experience. Nevertheless
the social and humane reasons for such a welfare state of the law are too
compelling to be ignored. In my view, the court has to send out a clear signal
to the public that men who engage in sexual intercourse with girls under 16 do
so at their own peril. In particular, where the age difference between the
parties is significant, the man can be expected to be punished more severely
as his offence can then no longer be regarded as merely the result of the
false steps of youth but rather the conscious and calculated decision of a
mature adult.

As seen from Yong CJ’s exposition, the policy behind the statutory provisions
criminalising sexual intercourse with minors is clearly protective and
paternalistic in nature. I agree entirely with his views. Consistent with that
perception, I also agree with the district judge’s view that the main
consideration in sentencing _vis-à-vis_ such offences is deterrence.

14 At this juncture, there are two points in Yong CJ’s observations which I
would like to deal with a little more, namely, that:

(a) consent is irrelevant to such offences as minors are deemed incapable of
giving valid consent; and

(b) the age of the offender is a factor to be taken into account.

Consent

15 On the first point, I agree that the presence of consent on the part of the
minor is irrelevant insofar as the consent cannot be a defence to the offence;
neither can it be regarded as a mitigating factor for the purposes of
sentencing. However, I would hasten to add that the absence of consent is
certainly an aggravating factor. Indeed, without consent the offence committed
could well be rape, a much more serious offence. Moreover, even if there was
consent, the court would also look at how the consent was given. An offender
who procures the victim’s consent through, for example, lies, incentives,
threats, emotional pressure or force would undoubtedly be more reproachable
than one who, on the behest of the victim, copulates with that victim.

16 This leads me to the relevance of a relationship for the purposes of
sentencing for an offence relating to sexual intercourse with a minor. Counsel
for the Respondent appeared to take the position that the existence of a
relationship between the parties _per se_ was a mitigating factor and would
call for a lower sentence. To adopt such a position would be to say that a
party that pressures a victim, with whom he is in a relationship with, to have
sexual intercourse with him is always less culpable than a party who is not in
a relationship with the victim. I find such a proposition too sweeping.
Rather, it is the overall circumstances of each case that would be
determinative, such as, the age of the parties, how the parties came to be
acquainted with each other, how long have they known each other, who was the
initiator of the act, and whether there was an element of the accused taking
advantage of the victim. It is pertinent to note that in the context of rape,
the Court of Appeal in _Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed
Mallik_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 (“ _Mohammed Liton_ ”) had held (at [121]) that
the existence of a prior intimate relationship would not always justify a
lower sentence. In fact, the existence of such a relationship may sometimes be
an aggravating factor (see _Mohammed Liton_ at [116]). Although there are
differences between the offence dealt with here and the offence of rape, the
Court of Appeal’s observations in _Mohammed Liton_ (at [121]) must be
emphasised:

… As we have stressed earlier, each case must be considered on its own facts;
_it would be an abdication of the judicial function of a sentencing court to
formulate and apply blanket rules without due regard to the unique facts_
which are capable of arising in each case. … [emphasis added]

17 Therefore, there cannot be a blanket rule that requires a lower sentence to
be meted out whenever there exists a relationship between the parties. The
court must always bear in mind the object behind the law to criminalise such
an act. To have such a blanket rule may also send out the wrong signal to
people in relationships with minors, that the court, to a certain extent,
condones fornication in such circumstances.

18 The fact of there being in existence a relationship between the parties
must be assessed in the circumstances of the case (see [16] above). I would
only add that while a relationship may be, to a limited (if not very limited)
extent, indicative of the nature of the consent given by the minor for
offences under s 376A of the Penal Code and s 140(1)(_i_) of the Women’s
Charter, the court must still inquire as to the exact circumstances under
which that consent was given. An offender who coerces his long-time
girlfriend, who is still under 16, into having sexual intercourse with him
cannot be deemed less culpable on account of that relationship alone.

Age of the offender

19 In relation to the second point, I agreed that the age of the offender is a
relevant factor to be considered. It is first and foremost relevant when the
court considers the sentencing pillar of rehabilitation. However, in the
specific context of sexual offences against minors, certain clarifications
need to be made. I noted that counsel for the Respondent sought to rely on the
observations of the court made in _Public Prosecutor v Kunasekaran a/l
Ponniah_ [1993] SGHC 253 (“ _Kunasekaran_ ”) as follows:

The offence of carnal connection with a girl under the age of 16 as provided
by s 140(1)(_i_) of the Women's Charter, Cap 353 constitutes a very broad band
of guilt. The offensive conduct can range from sexual intercourse with a girl
by a teenager who began a chaste relationship with the girl to that of a
mature adult who is over 30 deliberately planning and seducing such a girl. In
between would again be cases at the lower end of seriousness where a young man
picks up such a girl after a party to ascending situations of seriousness
where a person is in a position of trust to the girl, or where he is acting in
loco parentis.

20 From both _Tay Kim Kuan_ and _Kunasekaran_ , it would appear that the age
of the offender and the age difference between the parties are factors
relevant to the sentence to be imposed. As was acknowledged by the court in
_Tay Kim Kuan_ , the age of the offender could also indicate whether the
decision to commit the offence was consciously calculated or a result of “the
false steps of youth” (at [13]). That said, the dichotomy between “chaste
relationship” and “deliberately planning and seducing such a girl” are likely
to be the crucial considerations in sentencing. Age of the offender _per se_
cannot be decisive. Although it is a factor, the court should ultimately
address its mind to the way the offence was committed—whether it was committed
in a calculated, systematic manner, or whether it arose as a result of impulse
without planning.

21 A young offender does not necessarily deserve a lighter sentence on account
of his youth _alone_. Youth only suggests a higher probability of
rehabilitation. In the specific context of sexual offences against minors, it
must be emphasised that a lighter sentence should be premised on the offence
being committed as a result of impulse in the absence of planning. If it can
be shown that the young offender had taken systematic and calculated steps to
commit the offence, then he may well deserve the normal range of punishment in
spite of his youth.

22 In determining whether the offence was committed in a calculated, pre-
meditated manner, all the circumstances must be considered – how did the
offender and the victim first meet; was it the victim who sought out the
offender; how long was the duration of their relationship before moves were
made to advance their relationship to a more intimate level; and who initiated
those moves and if it was the victim, what was the offender’s response –
these, and others too, will show whether the offence was calculated and
planned and whether the offender sought out young girls to exploit their
gullibility or precociousness. In this regard, the existence of a relationship
over a period of time would be a relevant factor.

23 There is one other observation in the GD of the district judge which I
would like to comment on. He seemed to have placed significant weight on the
likely reactions of the public as to the type of offence that was committed.
At [24] of the GD, the district judge mentioned that a sentence must reflect
the feelings of outrage and revulsion of the public. He then proceeded to
explain (at [25]):

In my view, a similar observation can be made for offences of underaged sex in
general. Where there is a significant age gap between the offender and the
complainant, the feeling of outrage is greater as it is more likely to be
perceived as a case of a mature adult cynically exploiting a young and
vulnerable person to satisfy his own sexual desires. This is perhaps one of
the reasons why the High Court in _PP v Kunasekaran a/l Ponniah_ made a
distinction between “teenagers” and “mature adults” above the age of 30. On
the other hand, where the age gap is smaller, the feeling of outrage may be
less as the case may be viewed as a lapse of judgment in the course of a
genuine relationship.

24 While I agree that a sentence may sometimes need to reflect the feelings of
outrage and revulsion of the public, it must be borne in mind that such
feelings of outrage and revulsion must arise from knowledge of the actual
facts of the case and not on “perceptions” that are premised entirely on
irrational social stereotypes. As I have explained above, while the age of the
offender is a relevant consideration, it is not determinative; it is the
circumstances leading to the offence which are critical. The court should
guard against public perceptions which are premised on an incomplete
understanding of the facts.

Concluding observations

25 In light of the discussion above, I was of the view that the applicable
sentencing considerations which apply to cases involving s 376A may be set out
as follows:

(a) Real consent is not a mitigating factor but the absence of it could be an
aggravating factor (assuming its absence would not constitute the offence of
rape).

(b) The court should examine the circumstances under which the consent was
given. The existence of a relationship between the offender and the victim may
not, of itself, be a mitigating factor. While it may suggest to a limited
extent that the consent was given by the victim willingly, the court must
still examine the exact circumstances under which the consent was given.

(c) While the age of the offender and age gap between the offender and the
victim are pertinent factors, the more important consideration is how the
offence was committed -whether it was committed in a calculated and systematic
manner or whether it was an unexpected momentary loss of self-control on the
part of the offender.

(d) As to the manner in which the offence was committed, factors such as the
victim being the one who sought out the accused and the existence of a
relationship may be relevant in showing that the offence was not a product of
a calculated and systematic approach towards seeking out young girls to engage
in sexual activities.

With these principles in mind, I now explain why I enhanced the sentence
imposed by the district judge for the penile-vaginal penetration offence.

Application of the principles

26 I was of the opinion that the district judge had placed too much emphasis
on the existence of a supposed “genuine” relationship. Even assuming that
there was a “genuine” relationship between the Respondent and the victim (see
[27] below), what was clear was that the victim had in fact refused to engage
in sexual intercourse with the Respondent and it was because of the
Respondent’s emotional blackmail that caused the victim to succumb and consent
to having sex with him. This is clearly an aggravating factor which the
district judge had failed to give sufficient weight to in determining the
appropriate sentence.

27 In any event, I was of the view that no such relationship existed between
the parties and that the district judge was clearly wrong in finding that a
“genuine” relationship existed. In the Respondent’s own mitigation plea below,
he had stated that he has a “girlfriend” who “still believes in him and is
willing to continue their relationship even after his sentence.”[note: 2] When
pressed further as to this relationship with that “girlfriend”, counsel for
the Respondent admitted that the Respondent was engaged in a pre-existing
relationship with someone other than the victim at the time of the offences.
To my mind, the victim loved the Respondent or was infatuated with him but the
same could not be said of the Respondent. Their relationship was, at best,
unilateral. The Respondent was taking advantage of the victim’s affection for
him.

28 I must, however, acknowledge that, on the day when the parties had sex, it
was not the Respondent who enticed the victim to come over to his flat. It was
the victim, on hearing that he was not well and was on leave at home, who
voluntarily came to see him. This was because she cared for him. Nonetheless,
it will be recalled that two days before, when she went to see him at his
workplace (and that was only their third meeting), the Respondent had already
displayed his real intentions in relation to this young and impressionable
girl. He led her to a private place where he had digital sex with her. While
it was the victim who voluntarily came to his flat on the day that they had
penile sex, it was the Respondent who took advantage of her presence to pursue
what must have been his intention from the day they had digital sex. It is
pertinent to note that while she did not object to his indulging in digital
penetration two days earlier, she did refuse to engage in penile sex. He
exploited the situation by resorting to blackmail and threatening to terminate
their relationship if she did not agree to it. While he had not planned for it
to happen that day, which is a mitigating factor, he had clearly taken
advantage of her soft spot for him, especially when he then already had
someone else as a girlfriend. There was no genuine relationship as far as he
was concerned. I did not think that this could be said to be an instance where
the Respondent had succumbed to temptation -not when he had to resort to
emotional blackmail to make her agree. I find that this was his plan after he
discovered the extent of the victim’s affections towards him when she gave him
a pendant with the word “love”. The digital penetration incident which
occurred on that day was, in my view, just the precursor.

29 As for the two charges taken into consideration, I noted that they related
to one instance of digital-vaginal penetration and another instance of penile-
vaginal penetration committed also on 16 November 2012 when the victim visited
the Respondent at his home. As the two charges taken into consideration arose
from the same transaction as the penile-vaginal penetration of offence, I
agreed with counsel for the Respondent that little weight should be accorded
to them.

30 I was also cognisant of the various cases cited before me that dealt with
the benchmark sentences for offences relating to penile-vaginal penetration of
a minor. Despite the fact that the age of the offenders fell within a wide
range, the sentences imposed ranged from ten to twelve months’ imprisonment.
This was also regardless of whether there existed a relationship between the
parties.

31 It was especially aggravating for the Respondent to have emotionally
blackmailed the victim into copulating with him. In light of this, I was
inclined to impose the benchmark sentence. Nonetheless, I took into
consideration the fact that it was the victim who sought him out on that day.
I therefore imposed the sentence of ten months’ imprisonment for the offence
of penile-vaginal penetration, which fell within the lower end of the
benchmark.

32 As for the offence of digital-vaginal penetration, no authorities were
placed before me to demonstrate the appropriate benchmark sentence. I
therefore did not disturb the district judge’s sentence of two months’
imprisonment. In any event, as the sentences for the two offences would have
been ordered to run concurrently, any adjustment of the sentence for the
digital-vaginal penetration charge would not have had an effect on the
Respondent’s total length of imprisonment.

Conclusion

33 For the reasons given, I allowed the appeal of the prosecution and enhanced
the sentence imposed on the Respondent in the terms set out above (at [3]).

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Facts (Amended), p 2 at [8] (found in Record of
Proceedings, p 8).

[note: 2]Respondent’s Plea of Mitigation, p 8 at [31] (found in Record of
Proceedings, p 42).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

