Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Boey Pang Sim Richard _v_ Law Society of Singapore  
[2015] SGHC 302

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 527 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 November 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The plaintiff in person; Joseph Liow Wang Wu (Straits Law
Practice LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  BOEY PANG SIM RICHARD — LAW SOCIETY OF SINGAPORE  
  
26 November 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei J:

Introduction

1 This is an application brought pursuant to s 96 of the Legal Profession Act
(Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“LPA”) for an order directing the Law Society of
Singapore (“the Law Society”) to apply to the Chief Justice for the
appointment of a Disciplinary Tribunal (as defined in s 2 of the LPA).

Background

2 The applicant, Richard Boey Pang Sim (“Mr Boey”), made a complaint to the
Law Society against Mr Jawharilal Balachandran (“Mr Balachandran”) of M/s
Ramdas & Wong. In his complaint, Mr Boey raised the following allegations of
misconduct:

(a) first, that Mr Balachandran placed himself in the position of a conflict
of interest (“the first complaint”);

(b) second, that Mr Balachandran provided untrue and misleading statements
when preparing his client’s defence (“the second complaint”); and

(c) third, that Mr Balachandran took unfair advantage of Mr Boey (“the third
complaint”).

3 The Review Committee directed the Council of the Law Society (“the Council”)
to dismiss the second complaint and further directed the remaining complaints
to be referred for further investigation.

4 An Inquiry Committee (“the Committee”) was constituted to inquire into the
conduct of Mr Balachandran _vis-à-vis_ the remaining complaints. After careful
consideration, the Committee was of the unanimous view that there was no
necessity for a formal investigation by a Disciplinary Tribunal and
recommended that the complaints against Mr Balachandran be dismissed.[note: 1]
The Committee’s recommendation was considered and accepted by the
Council.[note: 2] Mr Boey’s complaints were accordingly dismissed.

5 Being dissatisfied with the Council’s decision to dismiss his complaints, Mr
Boey applied under s 96 of the LPA for an order directing the Law Society to
apply to the Chief Justice for the appointment of a Disciplinary Tribunal.

6 To be clear, Mr Boey does not appear to quarrel with the Review Committee’s
decision to dismiss his second complaint. Thus, only the first and third
complaints are relevant to the present application.

Material events

7 Sometime in 2012, a personal injury action was brought by a man who slipped
and fell in a commercial building, Petro Centre (“the Personal Injury Suit”).
The said incident had occurred in 2009. The action was brought against the
cleaners and the management corporation (“MCST”) of that building. The MCST’s
insurers had repudiated the MCST’s insurance policy in respect of that
incident on the ground that the insurers had not been notified of the
incident. Following that, the MCST joined its managing agent, Exceltec
Property Management Pte Ltd (“Exceltec”), as a third party to the suit on the
basis that it was Exceltec’s responsibility to inform the MCST’s insurers of
the incident.

8 Mr Balachandran was engaged by Exceltec’s insurer (an insurance company
known as Tenet Sompo Insurance Pte Ltd (“Tenet Sompo”)) to defend Exceltec in
the third party proceedings. Exceltec’s pleaded defence was that Mr Boey, an
employee of Exceltec, had faxed the incident notice to the MCST’s insurers. As
such, Mr Boey participated in the Personal Injury Suit as a material witness
of fact. Leave was obtained on 10 April 2014 for Mr Boey to attend trial under
subpoena, and to dispense with his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”).[note: 3]

9 In the following year (_ie_ , 2013), Mr Boey brought a defamation suit
against his superior in Exceltec, Mr Loi Boey Khew (“Mr Loi”) (“the Defamation
Suit”). Mr Boey alleged that Mr Loi had written an internal email to other
employees of Exceltec suggesting that Mr Boey was unprofessional and
irresponsible in the performance of the duties that he owed to Exceltec.

10 Mr Balachandran was engaged to defend Mr Loi in the Defamation Suit. Mr
Loi’s pleaded defences included qualified privilege and justification.
Notably, in the Defamation Suit, Mr Boey was independently represented by
Christopher Bridges Law Practice. As will be seen later in this judgment, the
pleaded facts in the Defamation Suit are not connected with the events in the
Personal Injury Suit. Neither are they connected with the matters arising in
the third party proceedings that arose in connection with the Personal Injury
Suit.

The nature of an application under s 96 of the LPA

11 Before delving into the main issues that have arisen for determination, it
is useful to briefly comment on the nature of an application under s 96 of the
LPA.

12 The role of the Committee is to investigate complaints against advocates
and solicitors and to consider whether or not there was a _prima facie_ case
for formal investigation: _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore_
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 482 (“ _Anthony Wee_ ”) at [7]. Thereafter, the
recommendations of the Committee will be considered by the Council which will
make its determination in accordance with s 87 of the LPA.

13 A person dissatisfied with a determination made by the Council upon a
report rendered by a Committee may make an application to a Judge under s 96
of the LPA. On hearing an application under s 96, it must be borne in mind
that the role of the court is that of an appellate court supervising a
subordinate tribunal, rather than that of a court exercising original
jurisdiction: _Anthony Wee_ at [10].

14 At the hearing of the application, the court is empowered under s 96(4) of
the LPA to: (a) affirm the determination of the Council; or (b) direct the Law
Society to apply to the Chief Justice for the appointment of a Disciplinary
Tribunal. It also has the power to make such order as to costs as is just.

The first complaint

15 The basis for Mr Boey’s first complaint is r 31 of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed) (“PCR”) which
provides:

**Not to act against client**

31.—(1) An advocate and solicitor who has acted for a client in a matter shall
not thereafter act against the client (or against persons who were involved in
or associated with the client in that matter) in the same or any related
matter.

(2) For the purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘client’ includes a client of
the law practice of which the advocate and solicitor is a partner, a director,
an associate or an employee, whether or not he handles the client’s work.

…

The parties’ positions

16 Mr Boey claims that Mr Balachandran was instructed to prove in the third
party proceedings against Exceltec in the Personal Injury Suit that he had
duly performed his duties professionally and responsibly and had faxed over
the notice of claim to the MCST’s insurers in a timely fashion. According to
Mr Boey, this conflicts with Mr Balachandran’s instructions in the Defamation
Suit _viz_ , to prove that Mr Boey was unprofessional and irresponsible.

17 Mr Balachandran’s response is two-fold. First, he argues that at no point
was Mr Boey his client or a person involved in or associated with his client
in the Personal Injury Suit. In his view, his client was Tenet Sompo and he
was engaged for the purpose of defending Exceltec. Mr Boey claims to be
associated with Exceltec because he was an employee who was at the “front-
line” of the legal battle for the company. However, the fact that Mr Boey was
involved with the company does not mean that as a matter of law, he is
“associated” with the company, in such a manner that the duties of a solicitor
are owed to him as a client for the purposes of r 31(1) of the PCR.

18 Second, Mr Balachandran argues that the two suits do not constitute same or
related matters within the meaning of r 31(1) of the PCR. In the Personal
Injury Suit, Mr Balachandran was not engaged to prove in the third party
proceedings against Exceltec that Mr Boey had acted professionally and
responsibly. Rather, Mr Boey’s involvement in the Personal Injury Suit and
third party proceedings therein was limited to proving a narrow point of fact
relating to a specific one-off event – whether the notice of incident was sent
by fax to the MCST’s insurers.[note: 4] In the Defamation Suit, the events
relied upon in support of the defence of justification occurred between
September 2012 and June 2013. These events significantly post-date the events
of the Personal Injury Suit which occurred in or around March 2011.

19 To establish a _prima facie_ case for his first complaint, there are two
hurdles that Mr Boey has to cross. First, he has to show that he was a person
“involved in or associated with the client” in the Personal Injury Suit.
Second, he has to show that the third party proceedings in the Personal Injury
Suit and the Defamation Suit constitute related matters.

The Committee’s decision

20 The Committee found against Mr Boey on both issues and dismissed the first
complaint.

21 On the first issue, the Committee determined that Mr Boey was not a client
of Mr Balachandran or his firm, neither was he a person who was involved in or
associated with the client in the Personal Injury Suit.

22 In arriving at its conclusion, the Committee adopted a purposive approach
in construing the term “persons who were involved in or associated with the
client in that matter”. In its view, only persons who had the power to retain
and employ and who did retain and employ the solicitor in question would fall
within the ambit of r 31(1). Such persons would stand in a relationship _vis-
à-vis_ the solicitor such that a duty of trust and confidence would
arise.[note: 5]

23 On the second issue, the Committee found that the subject matter of the two
suits was neither the same nor related to each other. The Defamation Suit was
a fresh and independent matter which was unrelated to any work which Mr
Balachandran had done for his client, Exceltec.[note: 6]

The applicable law

24 This case raises issues as to the limits of the proscription against an
advocate and solicitor acting against a former client.

25 It is well-established that an advocate and solicitor owes an unflinching
duty of loyalty to his client. Even after the solicitor-client relationship
ceases, the advocate and solicitor remains duty-bound to preserve the
confidentiality of information that was imparted during the subsistence of the
solicitor-client relationship.

26 Where the advocate and solicitor is subsequently engaged by an adverse
party in a related matter, there is a real danger that confidential
information in the possession of the advocate and solicitor may be used
against the former client. This is where r 31(1) of the PCR comes into play.
In essence, the rule prohibits the advocate and solicitor as well as his firm
from acting against the client or persons involved in or associated with the
client in the same or related matter.

Pre-1998 position

27 I pause briefly to note that the PCR only came into being on 1 June 1998.
It was introduced under s 71 of the LPA which provided that the Council of the
Law Society may make rules for regulating the professional practice,
etiquette, conduct and discipline of advocates and solicitors. Therefore, a
brief examination of the pre-1998 position would be helpful to the extent that
it provides context to r 31 of the PCR. There is a more detailed analysis of
the pre-1998 position in _Vorobiev Nikolay v Lush John Frederick Peters and
others_ [2011] 1 SLR 663(“ _Vorobiev Nikolay_ ”).

28 In _Ethics and Professional Responsibility: A Code for the Advocate and
Solicitor_ (Academy Publishing, 2007) (“ _Ethics and Professional
Responsibility_ ”), Jeffrey Pinsler SC (“Prof Pinsler”) sets out a helpful
summary of the history behind r 31(1) of the PCR which came into effect in
1998. The learned author, at para 16-008, expressed the view that the
provision may need a purposive interpretation at least to the extent of its
application to precise circumstances. Prof Pinsler makes the general point
that an examination of the pre-1998 rulings of the Singapore courts shows that
r 31 of the PCR is _stricter_ than the common law position.

29 Under the pre-1998 position, the acid test to determine whether one may act
against a former client is whether the lawyer had information which he had
confidentially obtained from his former client: see _Seet Melvin v Law Society
of Singapore_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 186; _Wong Kok Chin v Singapore Society of
Accountants_ [1989] 2 SLR(R) 633; _Alrich Development Pte Ltd v Rafiq
Jumabhoy_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 38. The court must be satisfied that as a matter of
substance (not form) that real mischief and real prejudice will, in all human
probability, result if the solicitor is allowed to act.

30 In _Ethics and Professional Responsibility_ , at para 16-012, Prof Pinsler
observed that a stricter position has been taken in the UK by the House of
Lords in _Prince Jefri Bolkiah v KPMG (a firm)_ [1999] 2 AC 222 (“ _Bolkiah_
”). In that case, it was held that once it is shown (i) that the lawyer is in
possession of information confidential to the former client and to the
disclosure of which he has not consented; and (ii) that the information is or
may be relevant to the new matter in which the interest of the other client is
or may be adverse to his own, then the burden was on the lawyer to show that
his acceptance of the new instructions will not increase the risk that
information which is confidential to the former client will come into the
possession of a party with an adverse interest. This is done by showing that
there is no real risk that the confidential information will be disclosed. The
burden on the former client is not a heavy one and the risk of disclosure need
not be substantial. See Lim Wee Teck, _China Walls: A Post-Bolkiah
Consideration_ , Singapore Law Gazette (December 2001) and the subsequent
English cases referred to therein.

31 Either way, the common law position identifies the issue as to whether the
lawyer had obtained confidential information of the former client in the
earlier proceedings. If he did, then under the _Bolkiah_ approach the burden
is on the lawyer to show that his continuing duty to preserve the
confidentiality of the information obtained from the former client is not
prejudiced. Under the approach taken by the Singapore cases referred to above,
the question is whether as a matter of substance (not form) that real mischief
and real prejudice will in all human probability result if the solicitor is
allowed to act.

Post-1998 position

32 In 1998, the PCR was introduced in Singapore under the LPA. Rule 31 of the
PCR sets out the provisions relating to the duty of the advocate and solicitor
not to act against his former client. This includes a duty not to act when the
advocate and solicitor becomes a member of a different law practice.

33 For convenience, r 31(1) of the PCR is set out again:

An advocate and solicitor who has acted for a client in a matter shall not
thereafter act against the client (or against persons who were involved in or
associated with the client in that matter) in the same or any related matter.

34 The rule also makes clear that it does not matter whether the advocate and
solicitor in question personally handled the client’s work so long as he was a
partner, a director, an associate or employee of the law practice in question.
That said, an exception is carved out where the advocate and solicitor leaves
to join another law practice which has not previously acted for the party (or
persons involved in or associated with the matter). In that situation, his new
law practice may act against his former client in the same or related matter
as long as he is not involved and does not disclose confidential information
to any other member of the law practice: r 31(4) of the LPA.

35 There is no definition of who is a client in the PCR. I note, however, that
s 2(1) of the LPA defines client as including:

(_a_) in relation to contentious business, any person who, as a principal or
on behalf of another person, retains or employs, or is about to retain or
employ, a solicitor, and any person who is or may be liable to pay a
solicitor’s, a law corporation’s or a limited liability law partnership’s
costs; and

(_b_) in relation to non-contentious business —

(i) any person who, as a principal or on behalf of another, or as a trustee,
an executor or an administrator, or in any other capacity, has power, express
or implied, to retain or employ, and retains or employs or is about to retain
or employ, a solicitor, a law corporation or a limited liability law
partnership; and

(ii) any person for the time being liable to pay a solicitor, a law
corporation or a limited liability law partnership for his or its services any
costs;

36 As mentioned earlier (above at [28]), r 31 of the PCR is stricter than the
pre-1998 common law position. In _Ethics and Professional Responsibility_ , at
para 16-014, Prof Pinsler commented that r 31(1) applies even if the lawyer
has not acquired confidential information. Indeed, in _Vorobiev Nikolay_ , Lee
Seiu Kin J (“Lee J”) held that there is nothing in r 31(1) which limits the
concept of “related matters” to matters where confidential information has
been passed (at [19]). Lee J took the view that there is a larger public
interest beyond the need to protect against the disclosure of confidential
information (at [24]). This is the solicitor-client relationship of trust and
_public_ confidence in the integrity of the legal profession, which is not
dependent on the giving of confidential information.

37 Indeed, this was the observation made by the Court of Three Judges in _Law
Society of Singapore v Seah Li Ming Edwin_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 401 at [24]:

… The underlying rationale for such a rule [_ie_ , rule 31] is to ensure that
the trust between lawyer and client is not compromised and that, on the
contrary, the confidence of the client is in fact maintained. _There is,
indeed, a larger public interest that underscores such a rule._ The legitimacy
of the law in general and the confidence of clients in their lawyers in
particular are of fundamental importance and will be undermined if such a rule
is not observed. _Indeed, the fact that a client may feel that he or she is
let down or betrayed by his or her lawyer can be very damaging to the standing
of the profession as a whole._

[emphasis added]

38 Whilst the above observation was made in respect of the rules proscribing
conflict of interest and the practice of law by unauthorised persons, the
larger public interest that underlies r 31 of the PCR cannot be denied. At the
end of the day, it must be appreciated that one of the key obligations of an
advocate and solicitor is to maintain the integrity of the profession, and he
should not act in a manner that is contrary to this obligation. The provisions
of the PCR are to be interpreted with this in mind.

Definition of “persons who were involved in or associated with the client in
that matter”

39 To paraphrase, r 31(1) of the PCR prohibits an advocate and solicitor who
has acted for a client in a matter from acting, in the same or any related
matter, against persons who were “involved in or associated with” the client
in that matter. The issue here is whether Mr Boey, in his capacity as a
material witness in the Personal Injury Suit (the third party proceedings),
constitutes a person “involved in or associated with” the client in the
matter.

40 Mr Boey is not the client of Mr Balachandran in the strict sense set out in
s 2(1) of the LPA (reproduced earlier at [35]). The only question is whether
he is properly to be regarded as a person involved in or associated with the
matter which Mr Balachandran was instructed on, that is, to defend the third
party proceedings in the Personal Injury Suit on the basis that notice of the
incident had been duly given by Exceltec.

41 The only local authority on point appears to be the District Court decision
in _Richard Hoare v Norhayati Binte Abdul Jali_ [2011] SGDC 58 (“ _Richard
Hoare_ ”). In that case, the plaintiff (husband) was a founder and managing
director of a company, CSM Engineers, for which the solicitor and her firm had
acted in three matters from 1997 to 2002. The plaintiff was subsequently
involved in ancillary matters (divorce proceedings) with the defendant
relating to property division and maintenance. The defendant’s application for
discovery and interrogatories in the divorce matter had surfaced some of the
assets and activities of CSM Engineers and its group of companies (“the CSM
Group”) involved in the previous retainers. The defendant intended to present
that information to the court for determination of division of matrimonial
assets and maintenance. The plaintiff-husband applied, on the basis of r 31 of
the PCR, to restrain a solicitor and her firm from acting for the defendant-
wife in the divorce ancillary matters. The plaintiff’s application was
granted.

42 An issue that surfaced was whether the plaintiff-husband fell within the
definition of a former “client” or a person who was “involved in or associated
with” a former client. The learned District Judge held in the affirmative. In
coming to her conclusion, it was observed (at [25]) that although the company
was the client in the previous retainers, the plaintiff as its managing
director, was the person, who, on its behalf, had an express or implied power
to retain and employ and did so retain or employ the solicitor’s firm.
Besides, the District Judge noted (at [26]) that the defendant wife had taken
the position that the company’s assets belonged to and were akin to the
plaintiff’s personal assets as the plaintiff was the beneficial owner of the
company.

43 Given the relatively few local cases addressing the scope of “persons who
were involved in or associated with the client in [the original matter]”, it
will be useful to seek guidance from other jurisdictions. But, before doing
so, I should make clear that neither the plaintiff (who is unrepresented) nor
the defendant cited the cases that will be referred to later on. Whilst the
Committee’s report did refer to some Canadian Law Society rules such as the
Code of Professional Conduct of the Law Society of Saskatchewan and the Rules
of Professional Conduct of the Law Society of Upper Canada, there was no
argument before me on the case authorities discussed below from Canada, US or
UK. I make this comment simply for context and to explain why it may be
helpful to review some overseas decisions. In doing this, it is clear that the
Committee’s main role is to investigate the facts and make recommendations. No
criticism is intended of the Committee’s report or counsel who appeared. To be
clear, the review of overseas cases from Canada, US and UK does not purport to
be exhaustive.

44 It is apposite to begin with an examination of Canadian cases which have
considered the scope of the same extension to the definition of a former
client (_ie_ , “persons who were involved in or associated with the client in
that matter”).

45 In _Gainers Inc v Peter H Pocklington_ 21 Alta L R (3d) 363, (“ _Gainers
Inc_ ”) the issue before the Alberta Court of Queen’s Bench was whether the
law firm of McLennan Ross and its members were disqualified from acting on
behalf of the plaintiff in a suit which was commenced in 1990 (“the Suit”).
The defendant in that case was Mr Pocklington, who was formerly the
controlling will and mind of the plaintiff company. The firm had previously
(at which time Mr Pocklington was in charge) advised and represented the
plaintiff company in a labour-management dispute between 1984 and 1986.

46 Mr Pocklington applied to disqualify McLennan Ross and its members from
acting for the plaintiff company in the Suit. He argued that he was considered
a former client of McLennan Ross since a reasonably informed person would be
bound to regard the plaintiff-company and him as being identical for all
practical purposes. In response, the plaintiff-company argued that it is only
the company which can complain of a conflict of interest, not the
director/sole owner of the company.

47 McDonald J agreed with Mr Pocklington. The learned judge accepted that the
Canadian Bar Association’s Code of Professional Conduct (“the Code”) was
applicable to the legal profession in Alberta and the relevant part of the
Code stated:

A lawyer who has acted for a client in a matter should not thereafter act
against him (or **_against persons who were involved in or associated with him
in that matter_**) in the same or any related matter, or place himself in a
position where he might be tempted or appear to be tempted to breach the Rule
relating to Confidential Information. It is not, however, improper for the
lawyer to act against a former client in a fresh and independent matter wholly
unrelated to any work he has previously done for that person.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

48 The learned judge noted that the overriding policy was not only that there
be no actual conflict but there be no appearance of conflict. To this end, the
public represented by the reasonably informed person must be satisfied that no
use of confidential information would occur. On this basis, the learned judge
found that at the time Mr Pocklington disclosed the confidential information
to the solicitor, _his interests and those of the plaintiff company were for
all practical purposes identical_. Therefore, he concluded that any reasonably
informed person would have disregarded the corporate veil and regarded the
company’s sole owner as an “informal client” or “as good as his client”, and
McLennan Ross owed to Mr Pocklington very similar duties to those which they
would have owed to him had he been a client in the strict sense (at [33]).

49 I pause to comment that in _Gainer’s Inc_ the applicable Canadian rule
whilst similar, is not on all fours with r 31 of the PCR.

50 The “informal client” approach was affirmed by the Canadian Federal Court
of Appeal (“FCA”) in _Almecon Industries Ltd v Nutron Manufacturing Ltd (FCA)_
[1994] FCJ 1209. Almecon sued Nutron and Anchortek for the infringement of the
same patent. GL, a solicitor, who was originally employed by Anchortek’s law
firm, became an associate lawyer with Almecon’s law firm. After the change in
employment, he found himself involved in prosecuting the claim brought by
Almecon against Nutron. Nutron applied to remove Almecon’s law firm as
solicitors of record within the patent infringement action.

51 The defendants’ lawyers had worked together to prepare a common defence. It
was not disputed that the communications between the solicitors of both
defendants originated in a confidence that they would not be disclosed. The
court found that the element of confidentiality was essential to continued
relations between the parties who, while having a common interest, were
represented by different solicitors (at [36]). Therefore, despite the lack of
a direct solicitor-client relationship, the court held that Nutron could
properly be described as an “informal client” of Anchortek’s solicitors (at
[36]) and Almecon’s solicitors were accordingly removed.

52 The “informal client” approach was also adopted by the British Columbia
Supreme Court in _Stanley v Advertising Directory Solutions Inc_ [2007] BCJ
1674. In that case, a third party in the suit, Verizon, applied for an order
to remove the law firm acting for the defendant. Verizon was originally the
owner of the defendant until 2004 when it sold the defendant to another party.
The plaintiff commenced the action on 1 December 2004 for damages for wrongful
dismissal. In its defence, the defendant alleged, _inter alia_ , that the
plaintiff was an employee of Verizon and not the defendant.

53 The position advanced by Verizon was that the law firm working for their
then subsidiary would naturally be thought of as Verizon’s lawyer as well.
There was an identity of interest between the law firm and Verizon by virtue
of their working together on the same team in relation to the plaintiff’s
employment, and later in defence of the plaintiff’s action for damages for
wrongful dismissal.

54 Against that, the defendant argued that the law firm had no retainer or
contract with Verizon, never opened a file for Verizon and never met with
Verizon except by way of telephone calls which always included the defendant’s
in-house legal counsel. The only correspondence was by way of email, most of
which was sent to a group of recipients including Verizon’s counsel. The firm
never billed Verizon nor received any remuneration from Verizon, and never
took instructions from Verizon, and did so only from the defendant. The firm
never told Verizon that it was representing the company, and there could be no
reasonable expectation by Verizon that the firm was protecting its interest as
opposed to the defendant’s.

55 It was held that even though Verizon recognised the firm as primarily, or
even exclusively, the defendant’s counsel, and the only party giving
instructions to the firm, that did not mean that Verizon was not reasonably
expecting the firm to advise and protect Verizon as well (at [35]). They were
sharing resources as a team. It was further held that the evidence of
communications between the solicitor in question and representatives of
Verizon indicated a probability that their communications were in regard to
matters confidential to Verizon, and that there was a _relationship equivalent
to a solicitor/client relationship_ (at [36]).

56 The above-mentioned Canadian cases are not of course binding in Singapore.
The applicable rules, whilst similar, are not on all fours, and it cannot be
assumed that the approach to professional rules, ethics and code of conduct
are the same. What is clear, however, is that the issue and problem arising
from lawyers acting against former clients and associated persons etc. has
arisen in many jurisdictions. This includes the United States as appears from
cases such as _Meehan v Hopps_ 301 P 2d 10 (Cal 1956) and _In re Banks_ 584 P
(2d) 284.

57 The “informal client” approach also finds support in the English case of
_In re a Firm of Solicitors_ [1992] 1 QB 959. In this case, the firm of
solicitors acted for a company, ASM, which was under investigation for its
conduct as manager of two Lloyd’s underwriting syndicates. Other companies
(the A&A companies) that were wholly independent of but closely associated
with ASM, cooperated closely with ASM and agreed to give ASM’s solicitors full
information even if such information could be used against them. A&A did, in
fact, give such confidential information to the solicitors.

58 Later, the same solicitors acted for a third syndicate which was being sued
by one of the A&A companies, SD. SD applied for and obtained an injunction
restraining the firm of solicitors from acting for the third syndicate on the
ground that the firm had acquired related confidential information and
knowledge from the A&A companies when acting for ASM in the investigation of
the other two syndicates. Parker LJ said (at 965):

On the totality of the evidence there can in my judgment be no doubt whatever
that [A & A] and their subsidiaries did supply detailed information to the
firm and to [ASM] concerning the very matters which will be explored in the
main action and that _although none were at any time clients of the firm the
relationship between them was such that they can properly be described as
informal clients_. In my judgment also the firm owed to them very similar
duties to those which they would have owed had they been clients in the strict
sense.

[emphasis added]

59 In the other judgment, Sir David Croom-Johnson said (at 976):

… It is clear that in 1983 and 1984 [A & A] gave detailed information to
[ASM], for whom the firm of solicitors were then acting. _Although they were
not strictly the clients of the firm they were as good as their clients_ , and
for the purpose of the present application should be treated accordingly.

[emphasis added]

60 Again, I stress that whilst it may be helpful to look at English cases, the
decision is not binding in Singapore and the applicable rules and approach to
professional rules, ethics and code of conduct are not necessarily the same.

61 Returning to the position in Singapore, it is clear that where an
individual consults a solicitor on behalf of a corporate entity (for example,
a managing director of a company who instructs and consults the solicitor on a
company matter) the same solicitor will be precluded from acting against the
corporate entity in the same or related matter. That is not to say, however,
that the solicitor is always free to act against all other persons apart from
the corporate entity itself.

62 The decision in _Richard Hoare_ should not be construed to mean that any
person who has the power to retain or employ solicitors for the purposes of
the earlier matter would automatically fall within the scope of persons
involved in or associated with the former client in the earlier matter. This
is not borne out by a closer scrutiny of the decision. Before I proceed to
take a closer look at the decision in _Richard Hoare_ , it is to be stressed
that in any case, there is no evidence to suggest that Mr Boey was even in a
position where he could have instructed Mr Balachandran for that matter.

63 In _Richard Hoare_ , quite apart from the plaintiff ( the former managing
director) enjoying the power to retain or employ solicitors for the earlier
matters, the learned District Judge stressed the fact (at [26]) that the
defendant-wife had taken the position that “the assets of the [CSM Group] …
belong[ed] to and [were] akin to the [plaintiff-husband’s] personal assets”.
In this connection, the learned District Judge referred to the High Court
decision in _Tay Ang Choo Nancy v Yeo Chong Lin and another (Yeo Holdings Pte
Ltd, miscellaneous party)_ [2010] SGHC 126 in which Judith Prakash J treated a
company as the alter ego of a party and disregarded the corporate ownership in
the context of matrimonial proceedings. Thus, the decision in _Richard Hoare_
is authority in Singapore for the proposition that an “associated person”
under r 31 of the PCR will include a person such as a managing director who
had the power to retain the lawyer to act for the company at least in those
cases where it is clear that that person was the beneficial owner of the
company such that the assets of the company are in reality his own.

64 Returning to the present case, r 31 of the PCR provides that the advocate
and solicitor shall not act against “persons who were involved in or
associated with the client in that matter.” Mr Boey clearly does not fall
within the definition of client in s 2(1) of the LPA. Mr Boey was not the
person who had engaged Mr Balachandran for and on behalf of Exceltec (or
indeed Tenet Sompo). Mr Boey was not responsible for the costs of Mr
Balachandran (or the law practice) for the third party proceedings in the
Personal Injury Suit.

65 This leaves to be determined the issue of whether Mr Boey falls within the
scope of a person involved or associated with the matter that was the subject
matter of the previous instruction.

66 On one interpretation, r 31 might extend so far as to include any employee
of the client, Exceltec, who had any involvement, no matter the nature of the
involvement. On this basis, a clerk employed by the former client, who had no
substantive role to play in the matter, besides transmitting the relevant
information to the solicitor, may be able to object to the solicitor acting
against him in a subsequent related matter. This, in my view, could not have
been the intent behind r 31 of the PCR. Such a broad interpretation would
place an excessive and unnecessary shackle on a litigant’s right to appoint
counsel of his choice. As was observed in _Grimwade v Meagher_ [1995] 1 VR 446
at 452, due regard must also be given to the public interest that a litigant
should not be deprived of his or her choice of solicitors without good cause.
An interpretation of r 31(1) of the PCR must be calibrated to strike a balance
between protecting the former client and not unduly restricting the new
client’s right to appoint counsel of his or her choice.

67 In my view, the better reading of r 31 of the PCR is that it only precludes
a lawyer from acting against persons “involved in or associated with” a former
client in the original matter where they can also be said to be “as good as
clients” or an “informal client.” As is clear from the preceding analysis,
there are two categories of persons which have been found to fall within the
definition of an “informal client”. The first category concerns the situation
where the associated/involved person is akin to the _alter ego_ of the client.
This may occur where the fortunes of the associated/involved person are so
intertwined with the actual client that he/she may properly be described as
someone as good as a client (see for example _Richard Hoare_). The second
category concerns the situation where the associated/involved person had
divulged information above and beyond what he was required to.

68 Mr Boey does not belong in either of the above categories. In the present
case, it is unlikely that Mr Boey’s involvement in the Personal Injury Suit
and third party proceedings (even as a material witness to the question
whether notice of the accident was given) would place him in a situation in
which he was as good as Mr Balachandran’s client.

69 _First_ , there is no basis to think that Mr Boey was the _alter ego_ of
Exceltec. Given that as a matter of law, r 31(1) of the PCR _can_ be engaged
even when the lawyer has not acquired confidential information, the court must
be entitled to have regard to all the facts and circumstances in deciding
whether a person, who was not the client, was involved in or associated with
the client such that r 31(1) _is_ engaged. An incidental involvement (such as
where the person acted in a purely functional capacity to transmit company
information to the lawyer) is unlikely to be sufficient. In coming to my
decision, I note also that in respect of the Personal Injury Suit, both the
company and Mr Boey would heave a sigh of relief if the third party suit was
successfully defended. But they would do so for different reasons. The company
would heave a sigh of relief as it would not be liable to pay compensation to
the MCST. In contrast, Mr Boey would be relieved because the company would not
have a reason to bring a suit against him for his failure to notify the
insurer. In this connection, I note that Mr Boey appears to have been, at all
material times, fully alive to the possibility that the company may take an
adverse position against him should it be found that he had failed to notify
the company’s insurer. This was clear from his insistence on a letter of
indemnity from Exceltec.

70 In addition, I observe that Mr Boey did not say that Mr Balachandran was,
besides representing Exceltec, acting for him in the Personal Injury Suit.
Quite to the contrary, he appears to have received advice from his own
solicitor at the material time.[note: 7]

71 _Second_ , there is also no basis to think that Mr Boey had divulged
information above and beyond what he was required to as an employee of
Exceltec.

72 Whilst Mr Boey claimed that Mr Balachandran had full access to his personal
particulars and employment data,[note: 8] there were no details or documentary
evidence proffered in support of his claim. In any case, the company’s records
on its employees do not belong to the employees themselves. Leaving aside any
confidentiality obligation, the records belong to Exceltec and there can be no
objections to Exceltec’s use of such records in the present circumstances.

73 Moreover, Mr Boey did not say that he had communicated information over and
above what he was required to in his capacity as Exceltec’s employee. Indeed,
the Inquiry Committee found that Mr Boey has never in his complaints alleged
that he had divulged or shared any confidential information with Mr
Balachandran during his interactions with him with regard to the subject
matter of the Personal Injury Suit.

74 Nevertheless, because the issue and case law was not argued at length, I
prefer not to decide the case on this ground. As will be seen, this is not
necessary, as I am in any case of the view that the Personal Injury Suit
(third party proceedings) and the Defamation Suit do not constitute related
matters within the meaning of r 31 of the PCR.

Definition of “any related matter”

75 It will be useful to begin the discussion with the comments of the Ethics
Committee of the Law Society in “Duties to Former Clients: Ethical
Considerations” in _Law Gazette: Search & Sight_ (October 2009):

There is no guidance in the PCR on the test to be applied in determining
whether one matter is ‘related’ to another matter within the meaning of r
31(1). The Committee’s view is that two matters are clearly related if any
information which the former client previously imparted in confidence to you
for the purposes of the earlier matter is relevant to the later matter. This,
it seems to the Committee, strikes the right balance between protecting the
interest of the former client in having his confidences preserved and the
interest of the current client in being permitted to engage her choice of
counsel.

…

**Conclusion**

Whether a solicitor may act against a former client under r 31 depends on
whether the current matter is the ‘same’ as or ‘related’ to the former matter.

This is always a question of substance, not form, and must therefore depend on
the circumstances of each case. It will usually be obvious whether two matters
are the ‘same’ by reason of an identity or overlap of parties, legal or
factual issues or subject-matter. The more difficult question is when two
matters are ‘related’. _In this regard, the ‘confidential information’ test
provides a useful yardstick. However, in an area where substance prevails over
form, this is perhaps not the only yardstick._ Members should therefore be
aware that there could be other considerations that a court may take into
account in applying this test, for example, the solicitor’s knowledge of the
disposition of the former client which is neither confidential information nor
information which is directly relevant to the subject-matter of the later
matter.

[emphasis added]

76 In _Vorobiev Nikolay_ , Lee J added a further gloss to this issue,
observing that for two matters to be related, it is not necessary that the
solicitor in question had received confidential information relevant to the
subsequent suit. Indeed, the proscription in r 31(1) of the PCR extends to
other lawyers in the same firm even though they may not have personal
knowledge of the initial matter. As stated in _Lee Kam Sun v Ho Sau Lin &
Anor_ [1999] 4 MLJ 509, this is because:

… the proximity and relationship of partners and legal assistants in the same
firm is too close for comfort to ensure that a conflict of interest will not
be practised… it is ingrained in our legal system that: Justice must not only
be done but must be seen to be done.

77 Whether the two suits constitute related matters must be viewed in light of
the mischief that r 31 seeks to prevent. Clearly, where confidential
information was provided in the former suit that is also relevant to the later
suit, the rule is engaged. There is a clear interest in guarding against the
disclosure of confidential information to a new client as well as the
perceived disclosure of such information. Beyond this, it is clear as
mentioned several times, that r 31(1) can be engaged even if no confidential
information at all was supplied. The lawyer should not be placed in a position
where he cannot adequately represent the new client. In _MacDonald Estate v
Martin_ [1991] 1 WWR 705, Sopinka J described the situation as follows (at
725):

… The lawyer cannot compartmentalize his or her mind so as to screen out what
has been gleaned from the client and what was acquired elsewhere. Furthermore,
there would be a danger that the lawyer would avoid use of information
acquired legitimately because it might be perceived to have come from the
client. This would prevent the lawyer from adequately representing the new
client. Moreover, the former client would feel at a disadvantage. Questions
put in cross-examination about person matters, for example, would create the
uneasy feeling that they had their genesis in the previous relationship. …

78 As was observed by the Ethics Committee in the excerpt that I have set out
at [75], one useful (albeit not necessarily determinative) yardstick by which
one can measure the relatedness of two matters is the confidentiality test:
whether there is a real risk that the confidential information would be passed
on to the subsequent client. This would presumably turn on whether the
information obtained from the former client would be relevant to the subject
matter of the subsequent retainer.

79 In _Vorobiev Nikolay_ , Lee J found it helpful (at [23]) to refer to r 3.01
of the UK Solicitors’ Code of Conduct 2007 (“UK Code”) which provided _inter
alia_ that a “related matter will always include any other matter which
involves the same asset or liability.” That said, it was recognised that the
UK Code was different in that the prohibition in the UK Code was limited to
cases of conflict of interest. Reference was also made to r 1.9 of the
American Bar Association Model Rules of Professional Conduct where the
commentary provides _inter alia_ that matters are substantially related if
they involve the same transaction or legal dispute.

80 In the present case, I do not think that the Personal Injury Suit and the
Defamation Suit constitute related matters within the meaning of r 31 of the
PCR. _First_ , with respect to the Personal Injury Suit, Mr Balachandran was
not engaged to prove that Mr Boey had acted responsibly and professionally.
_Second and in any case_ , the events relied upon in the Personal Injury Suit
had absolutely no bearing on the issues in the Defamation Suit and there was
consequently, no risk that Mr Balachandran would pass on confidential
information belonging to Mr Boey in respect of the Personal Injury Suit (third
party proceedings). The Personal Injury Suit (third party proceedings)
concerned a one-off event that occurred in March 2011 _viz_ , whether or not
the insurers were informed of the accident at Petro Centre. In contrast, the
defence of justification in the Defamation Suit was founded on allegations
pertaining to events that occurred between September 2012 and June 2013. The
allegations are as follows:

(a) On or about 5 September 2012, Mr Boey wrongly advised a subsidiary
proprietor of Petro Centre that its management corporation would be
responsible for the cleaning and maintenance of the common toilets to be
rented to the said subsidiary proprietor.

(b) In the month of December 2012, Mr Boey failed to attend site at Selanting
Green as required under Exceltec’s contract with Selanting Green.

(c) On or about 19 February 2013 and on or about 26 February 2013, Mr Boey
failed to keep proper records/reports of his inspection of Orion Condominium.

(d) On or about 8 March 2013, Mr Boey neglected to renew three insurance
policies for Mint Residence. When he subsequently renewed the said insurance
policies, he did so without obtaining the prior approval of the management
council.

(e) On or about 18 April 2013, Mr Boey had repair works carried out and
incurred costs on behalf of the management corporation of Orion Condominium
without obtaining its prior approval.

(f) In or before May 2013, Mr Boey allowed wheel clamps belonging to the
management corporation of LW Technocentre to be taken away without its
knowledge.

(g) Prior to 27 June 2013, Mr Boey stated the wrong billing months in the
agenda to be approved at the annual general meeting (“AGM”) of Mint Residences
on 27 June 2013.

(h) On 27 June 2013, Mr Boey allowed a person to submit a proxy form for
voting at the AGM of Mint Residence, even though it was stated on the proxy
form that such form must be signed and returned not less than 48 hours before
the commencement of the AGM.

81 As may be readily observed, the events relied upon in the Personal Injury
Suit has completely no relevance to the Defamation Suit. Thus, I am satisfied
that the two suits did not constitute related matters within the meaning of r
31(1) of the PCR.

The third complaint

82 The basis for Mr Boey’s third complaint is r 53A of the PCR which reads:

**Relations with third parties**

53A. An advocate and solicitor shall not take unfair advantage of any person
or act towards anyone in a way which is fraudulent, deceitful or otherwise
contrary to his position as advocate and solicitor or officer of the Court.

83 Mr Boey’s complaint is that Mr Balachandran had taken unfair advantage of
him in the course of preparing a particular AEIC for the Personal Injury Suit.
He appears to have two main complaints. In essence, Mr Boey asserts that
Exceltec demanded and coerced him to sign an AEIC prepared by Mr Balachandran,
failing which he was to be suspended from his duties.

84 Against that, Mr Balachandran said that Mr Boey had failed to disclose the
true state of affairs in his complaint. Mr Boey had only attached the cover
page of the draft AEIC in question. But had he annexed the full draft AEIC, it
would be apparent that the draft was marked up with queries and comments that
were to be clarified by and discussed with him. The queries and comments bore
no trace of coercion.

85 I agree with the Committee’s finding that Mr Boey had selectively provided
documents in his complaint that made it appear as though Mr Balachandran was
coercing him or taking advantage of him in making him sign an AEIC without
giving him any choice. The one page of the AEIC that he submitted was only a
discussion draft and not intended to be signed (nor could it have been signed
in that state). An example extracted from para 20 of the draft AEIC
illustrates this clearly:

In or about March 2011, I sent by way of facsimile a copy of the Incident
Report to the Insurer. [**_R & W: Why did you choose to give notice in March
2011?_**]

[emphasis added in bold italics]

86 In the circumstances, I find no reason to disturb the decision of the
Council that was made upon the recommendations of the Committee.

Conclusion

87 For the reasons I have set out above, I find that Mr Boey’s complaints are
without merit and dismiss the application accordingly. In particular, I have
found that:

(a) The third party proceedings in the Personal Injury Suit as well as the
Defamation Suit do not constituted related matters within the meaning of r
31(1) of the PCR.

(b) Mr Balachandran did not take unfair advantage of Mr Boey. No coercive
pressure was exerted on Mr Boey in the course of preparing the AEIC for the
third party proceedings in the Personal Injury Suit.

88 I should add that I would have been prepared to find, in relation to the
first complaint, that Mr Boey was not a person “involved in or associated
with” the client within the meaning of r 31(1) of the PCR. That said, I stress
that my decision did not turn on that issue.

89 As a final note, it has come to my attention that the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules 2015 (“PCR 2015”) has recently come in force on
18 November 2015, superseding the earlier PCR (the provisions of which has
been considered above). I should mention that only the provisions of the
earlier PCR are relevant to the present application. I make no comment about
the scope and application of the equivalent provisions in the PCR 2015, which
are questions better left to be decided at an appropriate juncture.

Costs

90 The present application is the second application by Mr Boey against Mr
Balachandran. The first application was made on 18 March 2014. It was
summarily dismissed by a Review Committee on 23 April 2014. The substance of
the first application was the same or substantially the same as the present
application which was made in July 2014.[note: 9] Before the second Inquiry
Committee set up by the second Review Committee, Mr Balachandran asserted that
the present application was vexatious and oppressive and that the principle of
_autrefois acquit_ applied. The Inquiry Committee was of the view that the
doctrine did not apply on the basis that the role of the Review Committee was
to act as a first filter in ensuring that the complaints were not without
substance, frivolous or vexatious.

91 The Inquiry Committee also noted that solicitor who is faced with repeated
complaints, after a previous complaint has been dismissed by a Review
Committee has a remedy in asking the Inquiry Committee to order a hearing
under s 85(19)(a) of the LPA for an order that the complainant pay
costs.[note: 10] No such application was made to the Inquiry Committee.

92 I further note that the court has power to order the payment of such costs
as appears just under s 96(4) of the LPA. However, I note that counsel for the
Law Society did not ask for an order of costs. Thus, I make no order as to
costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Joseph Liow, p 22.

[note: 2]Affidavit of Richard Boey, p 6.

[note: 3]Affidavit of Joseph Liow, p 14.

[note: 4]Affidavit of Joseph Liow, p 13.

[note: 5]Affidavit of Joseph Liow, p 16.

[note: 6]Affidavit of Joseph Liow, p 18.

[note: 7]Affidavit of Joseph Liow, p 15.

[note: 8]Mr Boey’s Affidavit, para 20.

[note: 9]Affidavit of Joseph Liow, p 19.

[note: 10]Affidavit of Joseph Liow, p 21.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Nov 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

