Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Obeng Comfort  
[2015] SGHC 309

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 11 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 December 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu SJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lin Yinbing and Amanda Chong (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the prosecution; Ram Goswami (Ram Goswami) and Cheng Kim Kuan
(KK Cheng & Co) for the accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Obeng Comfort  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Criminal Appeal No 34
of 2015 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 15 February 2017. See [2017]
SGCA 12.]

3 December 2015|  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 Obeng Comfort, a 42-year-old female Ghanaian national (‘the Accused’), was
tried before me on the charge that:

… you, on the 3rd day of September 2012, at about 10.10 p.m., at Changi
Airport Terminal 1, Singapore (“the said place”), did import into the said
place a controlled drug specified in Class A of the First Schedule of the
Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185 (“the said Act”), to wit, crystalline
substance weighing 2951.12 grams which was analysed and found to contain not
less than 2309.45 grams of methamphetamine, without authorisation under the
said Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an
offence under section 7 and punishable under section 33 of the said Act, and
further upon your conviction under section 7 of the said Act, you may
alternatively be liable to be punishable under section 33B of the said Act.

The case for the prosecution

2 At the time of her arrest, the Accused had just arrived at Singapore
International Airport on a flight from Accra, Ghana. She caught the attention
of Sergeant Muhammad Ridhuan Bin Ariffin (“Sgt Ridhuan”) of the Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) who was on flight check duty at the airport together
with other members of his team. Sgt Ridhuan stopped the Accused because he
found her behaviour to be suspicious in that she was avoiding eye contact and
was looking down as she was making her way out of the arrival hall.

3 She was directed to put the two handbags and the haversack she was carrying
through an X-ray machine for screening. The screening revealed abnormalities
in the X-ray images of the haversack. The contents of the haversack, which
included one “Heinz Beanz” can[note: 1] and one “Sunripe Whole Sweetcorn”
can[note: 2] (these two cans will be referred to collectively as “the two
cans”) were taken out. Sgt Ridhuan found the two cans to be unusually heavy
and questioned the Accused in English about them. He asked her where she had
got them from, and she told him in English that they were from Ghana. When he
asked for the exact place or shop that she had bought them from she told him
that she bought them in Singapore, but was not able to show any receipt for
their purchase. The Accused denied that this exchange with Sgt Ridhuan took
place, but other CNB officers who were at the location, namely Station
Inspector Amrun Bin Yahya, Sergeant Muhd Zulyadi Bin Zulkeplie and Woman
Corporal Nuruljanna Marican Binte Mohammed Rafee heard the exchange and
confirmed that it took place. I did not believe that the officers had
conspired to commit perjury against her.

4 The two cans were opened in the presence of the Accused. In each can two
round blocks wrapped in tape were recovered. When the tapes were removed from
the blocks, the four blocks were found to be white crystalline substance
wrapped in clear plastic material[note: 3]. The Accused did not display any
surprise or shock when these blocks were shown to her. Samples from the four
blocks were taken and subjected to preliminary testing and were found positive
for amphetamines. The Accused was then placed under arrest. The other contents
of the haversack were screened and anomalies were detected in some of them,
namely two pairs of ladies’ shoes[note: 4], one silver-grey DVD player[note:
5] (this was described as grey by the prosecution witnesses, but it is more
accurately silver-grey), one black DVD player[note: 6] and one power
adapter[note: 7]. All these items were then dismantled or cut open. From the
heels of each of the ladies’ shoes, one bundle of white crystalline substance
was recovered. Five bundles of white crystalline substance were recovered from
each of the DVD players. One bundle of white crystalline substance was
recovered from the power adapter. The contents of the bundles also tested
positive for amphetamines. In the course of investigations, the blocks and
bundles of crystalline substance were sent to the Health Sciences Authority
(“HSA”) for analysis and were certified to contain methamphetamine with the
aggregate weight of not less than 2309.45 grams.[note: 8]

5 At about 10.48pm on 3 September 2012 Sgt Ridhuan began to record a statement
from the Accused in English[note: 9] in the form of 12 questions and answers.
This statement was admitted in evidence with her consent. It read:

1) What is this? (recorder’s note: accused was shown with a one ‘Heinz Beanz’
can containing two blocks of white substance)

I do not know what is those two blocks.

2) Who is it for?

Its for a guy who have been calling me through my phone (recorder’s note: the
guy number inside the handphone and we not able to retrieve the number because
the battery was flat.)

Note: Handphone of the accused was subsequently charge to get the number.

3) Where do you get it?

The guy who called me in my phone pass to me at Ghana airport, outside the
airport.

4) What are you supposed to do with it after the guy pass to you?

The guy ask me to pass someone to Singapore

5) How do you contact the person in Singapore?

I do not know the person in Singapore.

6) What is this? (recorder’s note: the accused was shown with a can of opened
‘Sunripe’ whole sweetcorn containing two blocks of white substance).

I do not know, someone give it to me.

7) Who is it for?

The same guy who have been calling me through my phone.

8) Where do you get it?

The same guy at Ghana pass to me outside the airport.

9) What are you supposed to do with it after the guy pass to you?

The guy ask me to pass someone in Singapore.

10) What is these? (recorder’s note: the accused was shown with two pairs of
platform shoes, ‘Shoes Story’ black and brown colour containing 4 packages
wrapped with masking tape inside the heels believed to be contain white
substances).

I do not know.

11) Where do you get it?

The same guy from Ghana passed to me the four shoes outside the airport at
Ghana.

12) What is these? (recorder’s note: accused was shown one grey ‘Chusei’
DVD/TV Media player and one ‘HP’ AC power adapter).

I do not know about the white substance found inside the battery compartment
on the grey ‘Chusei’ DVD/TV player. The same guy from Ghana pass to me all the
items outside Ghana airport.

After the statement was recorded and signed by the Accused, a body search was
conducted on her. Cash amounting to US$2,900 and a black Nokia mobile phone
were recovered.

6 On 4 September 2012, the investigation officer, Inspector Mohaideen Abdul
Kadir Bin Gose Ahmad Sha, recorded a cautioned statement[note: 10] from the
Accused. The Accused spoke in Twi, a language of Ghana. This statement was
recorded with the services of a Twi interpreter, Mr Bill Yeboah Kyeremeh (“the
Interpreter”). The statement was in answer to a charge of trafficking by
transporting approximately 2,872.74 grams of methamphetamine from Dubai to
Singapore. In the statement the Accused said:

I am not guilty of the offence as someone else gave me the items, the laptop,
shoes, 2 cans cokes and canned beans. The person offered to pay for my air
ticket as well as hotel if I would deliver these items on his behalf, to which
I agreed. The items were given to me at the airport and the person place them
in my baggage himself. I had no knowledge what the items were as I did not
touch them. He told me upon arriving in Singapore, someone will call me and we
will arrange for him to collect the items. The man who gave me the items
called me when I was in Dubai, he told me that _the laptop and the shoes also
known as ‘shine shine’_. I asked him what it meant and he said he will explain
to me when I get to Singapore. He also told me upon delivery the items, _the
recipient will give me $5,000/-_. I asked him what the $5,000/- was to be used
for and he said that he will advise later. I have no knowledge of the contents
and I was basically asked to deliver the items in return for the free tickets
and accommodation.

[emphasis added]

7 Over the following days, a series of six investigation statements[note: 11]
were recorded from the Accused with the services of the Interpreter. These
statements were admitted in evidence by the prosecution without objection from
the Accused. Defence counsel had, whilst cross-examining the Interpreter, put
to him that some parts of the statements were not said by the Accused, and
some things that she had said were not recorded properly. Counsel, however,
did not suggest any reason for that, for example, whether they arose from any
difficulty in communication between the Accused and the Interpreter,
incompetence, carelessness or a deliberate act on the part of the Interpreter.
As each statement was read back to the Accused in Twi, and given that she had
the opportunity to make corrections before she signed it, there was no
substance in the complaints. In these statements the Accused named the person
who had given her the items as Kwaku Mohamed (“Kwaku”). She said that Kwaku
had paid for her air tickets and hotel accommodation for her three trips to
Singapore. She had come to know Kwaku through his wife, Mama, in Accra when
she (the Accused) was trading in clothing. Kwaku contacted her in December
2011 and suggested that instead of trading in clothing, she should trade in
electronic products from China or Singapore. He told her that he was prepared
to buy air tickets for her to do that. In January 2012 Kwaku instructed her to
go to Niger, from where she would fly to China or Singapore. She went to Niger
as instructed and was given a ticket to Singapore. When she was in Singapore,
Kwaku telephoned her and told her to go to Mustafa Shopping Centre to buy
mobile phones. She did so and bought mobile phones and Indian clothing. After
staying in Singapore for five days, she flew back to Niger, and then went back
to her home in Accra to sell the mobile phones at a profit.

8 About two months after that first trip, she made her second trip to
Singapore. She had intended to be in Singapore for about five days but
overstayed for three or four days before returning to Ghana. This trip was
uneventful, except for the fact that she lost a purse she had brought with her
carrying US$1,250.

9 After her second trip, Kwaku continued to be in contact with her. Kwaku told
her that he needed her help. He did not provide details about the help needed
when she asked him and only told her that she should be patient and that he
was a very kind person who has helped a lot of people to travel to Singapore.
When she asked to meet those people to find out about the help they gave him,
he refused to tell her who they were.

10 In her second investigation statement, dated 8 September 2012, the Accused
recounted the circumstances in which she came to be carrying the items which
were found on her during her third trip to Singapore on 3 September 2012. In
the statement, she said that she and Kwaku met at the Kotoka Airport in Accra.
The statement continued:

…He then passed me 2 laptops and 2 pairs of shoes in a canvas bag. He told me
that I have to bring all these items Singapore [_sic_] and a person in
Singapore will contact me to collect them. He also gave me 2 cans of baked
beans, 2 cans of Coca Cola and some cans of malt drinks which he said were for
my own consumption… I told Kwaku to put the items in my black haversack
himself and passed him my black haversack…[note: 12]

11 In her fifth investigation statement made on 14 September 2012, she again
referred to the packing of the items into the haversack (which was simply
referred to as a bag) on that day, but the account differed in that she did
not see the items Kwaku had brought. She stated:[note: 13]

I did not see any of the items that Kwaku packed in my bag. At the carpark
opposite the airport in Accra, Kwaku took my haversack, moved a few steps away
from me and packed the items he brought. He _blindsided_ me and packed the
items in my bag. He verbally told me that he had packed laptops, shoes and the
cans. …

[emphasis added]

and in another part of the statement she stated:[note: 14]

When Kwaku packed the items in my bag, I probed him and asked him what they
were. He told me that they were laptops and shoes. I did not feel suspicious
and I did not have any suspicion on Kwaku as he was my friend and I trusted
him. However, I had no reason to believe that they might have contained
something else.

12 When she was in Dubai on her way to Singapore she received a call from
Kwaku. She described the conversation thus:[note: 15]

…He told me that the goods that he gave me _contained something called “shine
shine_ ”. I asked him what it was. He told me that after I had given the items
to the person in Singapore, that person will give me USD5,000/-. Kwaku said
that he will tell me what “shine shine’ [_sic_] when I have collected the
money. He also tell me the reason why I will receive the USD5,000/-.

[emphasis added]

13 After she was arrested upon her arrival in Singapore, Kwaku called her
repeatedly on her mobile phone. Eventually they spoke, in a mixture of Twi and
English. Kwaku asked her why he had not heard from her, and she lied to him
that she had been sleeping in the hotel. The conversation was recorded, and a
written transcript was produced in evidence at the trial with the words spoken
in Twi translated to English[note: 16].

14 In the course of recording the fifth statement, she was shown photographs
of the items seized from her and was questioned about them. She referred to
the two “Chusei” DVD players as “laptops” throughout her statements and her
evidence, and that term is retained where she had used it. Her references to
the two laptops and their hidden contents[note: 17] are noteworthy. She
believed that silver-grey laptop shown in photograph PH 30 was the “shine
shine” that Kwaku was talking about, and she _recognised_ the bundles hidden
in the laptop, shown in photographs PH 31 and PH 32, as “shine shine” _._ She
also _recognised_ the black laptop and confirmed that the hidden bundles taken
out of that laptop were “shine shine”. These are ominous admissions in that
they revealed that she had not only heard from Kwaku in the Dubai conversation
that the items contained “shine shine”, but that she had seen the “shine
shine” and was able to recognise it. Defence counsel put to the Interpreter
that the Accused had not mentioned “shine shine”’ and had not stated that she
recognised the hidden bundles as “shine shine”, but the Interpreter reiterated
that she had mentioned “shine shine” and had said what was recorded. As
mentioned before, the procedure for the recording of the statements was that
after each statement was taken down in writing, it was read back to her in Twi
before she signed it.

15 The matters set out in the foregoing paragraphs formed the mainstay of the
prosecution case against the Accused. The cautioned statement and
investigation statements were admitted in evidence by consent. Defence
counsel, in cross-examination of the prosecution witnesses, did not dispute
that the two cans, two pairs of shoes, two DVD players and the power adapter
produced in evidence were in the Accused’s possession, and that packets of
white crystalline substance were concealed in them. In addition, the HSA
qualitative and quantitative analysis certificates were not disputed. Counsel
however took pains to point out that there was no evidence that the Accused
knew of the presence of the concealed packets, or of their nature.

16 At the close of the prosecution’s case, counsel did not submit that there
was no case for the Accused to answer. At that stage the evidence presented
was considered together with the presumptions in ss 18(1) and 18(2) of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) which read:

18.—(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or
under his control —

(_a_) anything containing a controlled drug;

…

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

I found that the prosecution had presented a sufficient case for the Accused
to be called to enter her defence. She made her defence from the witness
stand.

The Defence

17 The Accused’s defence is that she was not aware of the hidden contents in
the items given to her by Kwaku (and therefore did not have the knowledge to
be in possession of them), and that she did not know that they were
methamphetamine. She gave her evidence in Twi. She confirmed that the cans and
the other items were given to her by Kwaku on 2 September 2012 at the airport
just before she departed for Singapore. Kwaku showed her the items and put
them into her bag. She did not notice anything abnormal about the laptops,
shoes and the cans. She did not suspect that they contained amphetamines or
anything illegal and did not touch them.

18 She added that the cans of “Heinz Beanz” and “Sunripe Sweet Corn” and the
two cans of Coca Cola were meant for her consumption (departing from her
statement of 3 September 2012 to Sgt Ridhuan, see [5] above), and that the
other items were to be delivered to someone in Singapore. Kwaku told her that
he had given that person her phone number so that the person could arrange to
collect the items from her.[note: 18] He also told her that the person would
give her $5,000. He also said:

…if the person gives you the money, take it. If the person does not give you
any money, don’t ask about the money or anything.[note: 19]

19 She gave an account of the telephone conversation with Kwaku while she was
in Dubai which differed from the versions in her cautioned statement (see [6]
above) and her investigation statement (see [12] above). In this account,
Kwaku did not talk about money. He told her that the things he had given her
was “Sunshine”, and when she asked if that referred to the “Sunshine” laptop,
he hung up.[note: 20] (The word “Sunshine” in the transcribed notes of
evidence should be “shine shine” as reflected in the closing submissions of
the defence and the prosecution.)

20 At Singapore airport, when one of the cans was opened by an officer, she
saw brownish liquid oozing out and asked “What is that?”, to which the officer
retorted “You brought these so I should be asking you, not you asking
me.”[note: 21] Two blocks were recovered from the can, and a sample was taken
and tested. She was then handcuffed. Subsequently one laptop was opened and
some items were taken out from it. One pair of the shoes was cut open and
something wrapped in tape was found inside. She did not remember if the power
adapter was opened.

21 She denied that Sgt Ridhuan had asked her where she got the cans from, or
that she told him that she got the cans from Ghana. What she remembered was
that she was asked “Do you have contents in your bag?” When she confirmed that
there were, she was asked “What things?” She replied that there were two cans
of Coca Cola and a laptop which was given to her by someone. When her counsel
referred her to her signed statement of 3 September 2012 (see [5] above), her
response was:

…I do remember this statement being taken, but I don’t remember in detail
specifically word for word. So I remember this statement taken, but there are
some---some thing---some parts here that I still don’t remember. I---I don’t
have recollection of.[note: 22]

22 She also sought to make clear what she had seen of the items that Kwaku had
given her at the airport in Accra. She said that she saw the laptop, but did
not see its contents[note: 23]. When her counsel asked her to explain what she
meant when she said in her fifth investigation that Kwaku had “blindsided” her
when he placed the items into her haversack (see [9] above), her explanation
was:

…After he has shown me the items, then he opened my bag. Then he told me he
was putting the items in my bag and I said, “Okay”. He said I couldn’t hold
those items in my hands. He just had to put them in the bag. I was holding the
bag when he put the laptop in.[note: 24]

There was no explanation of the “blindsiding”.

23 She then went on to deny that she had stated in her fifth investigation
statement that she recognised the concealed items in the photographs of the
laptop shown to her, and believed them to be “shine shine”. She asserted that
at that time she had asked the Interpreter what it was, and he told her that
it a controlled drug and she asked herself if that was the “shine shine” Kwaku
referred to.[note: 25] She then changed her position and said that she also
asked the Interpreter whether that could be the “shine shine” Kwaku spoke
of[note: 26] (but she did not say what the Interpreter’s response was).

24 In response to further questioning by her counsel, she then said:[note: 27]

Honestly, I have sworn and I will not lie. I was not shown the items one after
the other to say that “Er it---could this be the ‘shine shine’, could that be
‘shine shine’’, but it was except they show me the picture that I said “Eh,
could it be the ‘shine shine’ that Kwaku Mohamed referred to---talked about.”

and she continued:

I said to my interpreter and I spoke to myself. So I did not say “This is
“shine shine”, that is ‘shine shine’.” I didn’t say that and that--- t’s a bit
confusing to me. I only said this at the point I was shown the picture like I
have said earlier.

Review of the case

25 The first issue to be determined was whether the Accused knew that she had
the “shine shine” in her possession. On a literal reading of s 18(1)(_a_), it
would appear that possession of a thing containing a drug _ipso facto_
encompasses possession of the drug, leaving no room for a presumption. However
possession is not taken in the narrow sense and it entails awareness of the
presence of the drug (as distinct from the nature of the drug). When it is so
construed, then there is place for the presumption. In her fifth investigation
statement, the Accused recounted that when she was in Dubai, Kwaku called her
and told her that the goods he had given to her _contained_ something called
“shine shine”, and in the same statement she recognised the hidden packs in
the laptops as “shine shine”. She did not dispute the veracity of the account
of the telephone call. Her attempt to deny the admissions that she recognised
the packs of “shine shine” was contradicted by the Interpreter and the fact
that she had signed the statement in which the admissions were made after it
was read back to her in Twi. In the circumstances, her knowledge that she was
in possession of the “shine shine” was proved by her statement, and even if
she was not aware of the “shine shine”, it is presumed under s 18(1) as she
was in possession of the “shine shine” hidden in the cans, DVD players, shoes
and power adapter.

26 With respect to her knowledge of the nature of the “shine shine”, there was
no direct evidence. As she was in possession of the “shine shine”, the
question is whether she had rebutted the presumption under s 18(2) that she
knew the nature of the “shine shine”. The effect of the presumption is to
reverse the burden of proof; the prosecution does not have to prove that an
accused person has the knowledge. It is for the accused person to prove that
he does not have the knowledge. As the Court of Appeal put it in _Nagaenthran
a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 4 SLR 1156 (at [23]):

… To rebut the presumption of knowledge, all the accused has to do is to
prove, on a balance of probabilities, that he did not know the nature of the
controlled drug referred to in the charge. The material issue in s 18(2) of
the MDA is not the existence of the accused’s knowledge of the controlled
drug, but the **_non-existence of such knowledge_** on his part.

[emphasis in original]

and if he failed to rebut the presumption, he is deemed to have the knowledge
without further proof. In _Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Farid bin Mohd Yusop_
[2015] 3 SLR 16, the Court held (at [50] and [51]) that in determining whether
an accused person has rebutted a presumption, “…much depends, in the final
analysis, on an assessment of the credibility of the accused person…”. In
other words, a persuasive case has to be presented to rebut the presumption.

27 Whether an accused person succeeds in rebutting a presumption will depend
on all the relevant circumstances. His credibility will be a key
consideration, but there can be other factors such as the evidence of other
witnesses, the existence of supporting facts to show that he in fact did not
have the requisite knowledge. In the present case the Accused did not call any
witnesses and there were no facts which showed that she did not have the
knowledge (_eg_ , Kwaku coming forward and confirming that he told her that
the “shine shine” was crystalline sugar). In these circumstances the Accused’s
effort in rebutting the presumption rested on the credibility of her evidence.

28 I reviewed the Accused’s evidence relating to the items Kwaku handed to her
to bring to Singapore. Her evidence left much to be desired, the more
prominent aspects thereof being:

(a) The packing of the items into her haversack. She changed her position from
seeing and helping Kwaku to pack the haversack to not seeing the items which
Kwaku packed in the haversack since it was done out of her sight.

(b) The origin of the cans. She told Sgt Ridhuan that the cans were from
Ghana, then claimed that they were bought in Singapore when there could be no
doubt in her mind that they were from Ghana.

(c) Knowledge of the “shine shine”. She denied knowledge even though she
admitted in her investigation statement that Kwaku told her on the phone that
the items contained “shine shine”, and she recognised them when she were shown
the photographs after her arrest.

(d) Collection of $5,000. She said that Kwaku instructed her to collect the
money from the person who collected the items, and then that the collection of
the money was not mandatory, and she was not to ask for the money if it was
not paid.

(e) The cans were for her consumption. She alleged that Kwaku told her that
the two cans were for her consumption, despite the fact that their contents
were inedible drugs carefully concealed and obviously intended for delivery to
the recipient. It is inconceivable that Kwaku would take the chance of the
Accused treating the cans as her own and giving them away, or throwing them
away as she could not consume the contents.

29 It is to be noted these parts of her evidence spanned the entire course of
her involvement with the drugs, from the time the items came into her
possession, to the planned delivery of the items and the collection of money
from the recipient. In assessing her credibility I took into account the fact
that she only had a few years’ schooling, and that she was in an unfamiliar
environment where communication to and from her had to be conducted through
interpreters. Nevertheless from my observation of her, she was reasonably
articulate, confident and intelligent, and should have had no difficulties in
remembering the events of the third trip. The aspects of her evidence referred
to in the foregoing paragraph related to matters which took place quite
shortly before her arrest, and are not matters of complexity. I find that the
changes, inconsistencies and illogicality in her evidence point not to the
failing of memory, but to a reluctance to tell the truth and a propensity to
change her narration of the facts and retract troublesome admissions. She knew
that Kwaku had paid a considerable amount for her three trips to Singapore and
hotel accommodation so that he could call on her help. She knew that Kwaku was
not forthcoming about the “shine shine” and the other persons who he had
helped to travel to Singapore. She nevertheless agreed to carry the items to
Singapore, and Kwaku expected her to call him when she arrived in Singapore.
She was not guileless victim of Kwaku. She was carrying something hidden in
the items for Kwaku in return for him paying for her trips to Singapore, and
her behaviour after her arrest undermined her effort at rebutting the
presumption under s 18(2).

30 After giving the matter due consideration, I found that she was holding
back on and improvising her evidence and that her declarations of ignorance
were not credible. Consequently she did not show, on a balance of
probabilities, that she did not know that the “shine shine” in her possession
was methamphetamine and was therefore deemed to have known that. I found that
the prosecution had proved, on the basis of the Accused’s admissions in her
investigation statements and the applicable presumptions that she was guilty
of the offence, and that she had imported the methamphetamine that was
recovered. I also found that she was not the supplier or purchaser of the
drugs, but was a courier.

Sentence

31 After I convicted the Accused, the prosecution tendered the Public
Prosecutor’s certificate issued under s 33B(2)(_b_) of the MDA certifying that
the Accused had substantively assisted the CNB in disrupting drug activities.
I then sentenced the accused to imprisonment for life, with the sentence
backdated to commence on 3 September 2012, the date of her arrest and
detention. The sentence of life imprisonment is an alternative sentence to the
previously mandatory death sentence, introduced in 2013 by s 33B.

32 Before I conclude, I have some observations to make on some aspects of 33B.
Section 33B reads:

33B.—(1) Where a person commits or attempts to commit an offence under section
5(1) or 7, being an offence punishable with death under the sixth column of
the Second Schedule, and he is convicted thereof, the court —

(_a_) may, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (2), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life…;
or

(_b_) shall, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (3),
instead of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for
life.

(2) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(_a_) are as follows:

(_a_) **_the person convicted proves_** , on a balance of probabilities, that
his involvement offence… was restricted —

… and

(_b_) the Public Prosecutor certifies to any court that, in his determination,
the person has substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities…

(3) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(_b_) are that **the person
convicted proves** , on a balance of probabilities, that —

(_a_) his involvement in the offence… was restricted —

… and

(_b_) he was suffering from such abnormality of mind… as substantially
impaired his mental responsibility for his acts…

[emphasis added]

33 The procedure for establishing the restricted involvement of the person
convicted, in particular, whether evidence of the restricted involvement is to
be adduced at the trial prior to the conviction or whether the person
convicted is allowed to present the evidence after his conviction but prior to
sentencing has been considered by the Court of Appeal in _Public Prosecutor v
Chum Tat Suan and another_ [2015] 1 SLR 834 (“ _Chum Tat Suan_ ”). The
majority view was that if the person had not proved his restricted involvement
during the trial, he is not allowed to raise that for the purpose of
sentencing. Although the issue did not arise in the present case, I would like
to make an observation on that question.

34 A person facing a capital drug charge may withhold disclosure of his
restricted involvement with the drugs, and put up a defence that he was not
involved at all. He is entitled by law to present the defence of his choice.
When he withholds disclosure of his restricted involvement and puts forward a
“no-involvement” defence, he should know that there is no assurance that the
defence will be accepted, and if it is not accepted there will be
consequences. One of these consequences is that if the defence is rejected and
if he is convicted, (if he is convicted it would be because there is proof of
his guilt, and not because he had lied or withheld disclosure of his
restricted involvement), he will be sentenced under s 33B. If he decides after
his conviction but prior to sentencing to come clean and admit restricted
involvement with the drugs (assuming that he is allowed to do that), the
credibility of the admission may be undermined by his earlier denial of
involvement. Further, if he is appealing against his conviction, the admission
could have a very unfavourable effect on his appeal. The price for withholding
the truth until after he has been convicted is that first, he may not be able
to persuade the court to exercise its discretion not to impose the death
penalty and second, his appeal against conviction may be jeopardised. However,
should he not be allowed to make the admission post-conviction, he will not
even have the opportunity to persuade the court not to impose the sentence of
death on him. Effectively, for having lied or withheld the truth before his
conviction, the penalty is the forfeiture of the possibility of avoiding the
capital sentence. That is an inordinately severe penalty for lying.

35 There is another aspect of the application of s 33B which should be looked
at. This relates to the words “the person convicted proves” in ss 33B(2)(_a_)
and 33B(3). Taken literally they impose the burden of proof of the restricted
involvement of the person convicted and his abnormality of mind on the person
convicted. That raises issues of principle and practice. I start with the
proof of restricted involvement. An accused person who raises a defence that
he is not involved with the drugs will not do anything to prove his restricted
involvement. Should he be put in a position where he has to choose between
presenting his preferred defence (and not prove restricted involvement), or to
waive that defence and admit restricted involvement (and incriminate himself)?
In practice, evidence of his restricted involvement may be presented even if
he denies it. The prosecution may present the evidence as part of its case and
the evidence may be accepted by the court. The position then is that the
evidence of restricted involvement is before the court, but it is not proved
by the person convicted. In such a situation, should the court disregard the
evidence that is already before it and which has been accepted, and not
exercise its discretion with regard to the sentence?

36 The proof of abnormality of mind is almost in the same position. When there
are questions during investigations about the mental condition of an accused
person, he is invariably sent for psychiatric examination, and any finding on
his mental capacity would be disclosed at trial by the prosecution. In such a
case, the trial court may accept a finding of abnormality of mind, especially
if the defence does not dispute it. Is there any reason to require the person
to prove it again to ensure that the court can have the discretion to impose a
sentence of life imprisonment instead of the death penalty? It is does not
enhance the efficacy of the administration of the law to require the person to
incur the expense, effort and time to prove something that the prosecution has
already proved.

37 The purpose of s 33B is to give discretion to the court to impose a
sentence of life imprisonment and caning, where appropriate, as an alternative
sentence to the death penalty on a convicted person who has a restricted
involvement with the drugs or suffers mental impairment. The fact of
restricted involvement or impaired mental condition is the critical
consideration and not the source of the evidence of the involvement or the
mental condition. A practical and fair interpretation should be adopted
because lives may hang on it. The provisions should be interpreted
purposively, with the words in question construed as “when the court is
satisfied”.

* * *

[note: 1]PH 15

[note: 2]PH 18

[note: 3]PH 17 & PH20

[note: 4]PH 21 – 23 & PH 24 –26

[note: 5]PH 26 – 28 & P35

[note: 6]PH 36 - 39

[note: 7]PH 33 - 34

[note: 8]P5 to P14

[note: 9]P 20

[note: 10]P 24

[note: 11]P25 – P30

[note: 12]P26 para 15

[note: 13]P29 para 65

[note: 14]P29 para 60

[note: 15]P29 para 61

[note: 16]P59

[note: 17]P29 paras 67-69

[note: 18]NE 26 Feb 2015 p79 ll24-30

[note: 19]NE 24 June 2015 p4 ll4-19

[note: 20]NE 24 June p3 ll25-32

[note: 21]NE 27 February p 11 ll21-24

[note: 22]NE 27 Feb 2015 p26 ll 13-18

[note: 23]NE 24 June 2015 p5 ll 11-14

[note: 24]NE 24 June 2015 p6 ll 6-11

[note: 25]NE 24 June 2015 p7 ll 2-6 & 11-20

[note: 26]NE 24 June 2015 p9 ll 30 - p10 11

[note: 27]NE 24 June 2012 p16 ll 7-17

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Dec 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

