Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mykytowych, Pamela Jane _v_ V I P Hotel  
[2015] SGHC 113

Case Number| :| Suit No 703 of 2012 (HC/Assessment of Damages No 4 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 May 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Salem Bin Mohamed Ibrahim, Chew Yun Ping Joanne and
Ismail Bin Atan (Salem Ibrahim LLC) for the plaintiff; Appoo Ramesh and
Rajashree Rajan (Just Law LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Pamela Jane Mykytowych — V I P Hotel  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 125 of
2015 was allowed in part by the Court of Appeal on 14 July 2016. See [2016]
SGCA 44.]

19 May 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is 51 years old and is a British citizen. She has been married
to Andrew Mykytowych (“Mr Mykytowych”) since 2008. She was working as a
healthcare consultant in a company called “Care and Performance Ltd” (“CPL”)
which is wholly owned by her. Mr Mykytowych was posted to India and Singapore
for work and so the plaintiff gave up her own job to be with him in Asia.

2 On 6 May 2011 they arrived in Singapore and stayed at the V I P Hotel (“the
defendant”). On the morning of 7 May 2011, the plaintiff slipped and fell at
the lobby of the defendant hotel. The plaintiff sued the defendant for damages
in negligence and obtained interlocutory judgment against the defendant on the
basis of 50% liability with damages to be assessed. Initially the suit was
commenced in the State Courts about five months after the accident. The action
was transferred to the High Court on 23 August 2012.

3 The assessment of damages proceedings was heard before me from 11 February
to 13 February 2015. The general damages for the physical injury itself are
not difficult to assess. The difficult issues concern, first, the plaintiff’s
claim that she suffered from “Complex Regional Pain Syndrome” (“CRPS”), and
secondly, the amount representing her loss of future earnings which is being
claimed as loss on the sale of her company.

4 The plaintiff’s claims for the injuries suffered are as follows:

a. Pain and suffering for fracture of knee (left patella) |  $50,000.00  
---|---  
b. Pain and suffering for abrasion to the left knee |  $500.00  
c. Pain and suffering for strained left ankle |  $5,000.00  
d. Pain and suffering for back pains |  $50,000.00  
e. Pain and suffering arising from CRPS with secondary fibromyalgia |  $65,000.00  
f. Pre-trial loss of earnings (less S$5,330 for part-time work) |  £323,406.22  
g. Loss of future earnings (being £6,510.57 a month x 18 years) |  £1,438,315.12  
h. Pre-trial medical expenses |  $15,629.35  
i. Loss of future expenses |  $746,622.00  
j. Loss of amenities |  $150,000.00  
k. Loss in respect of inability to profit from the sale of the plaintiff’s company, CPL |  £312,305.00  
l. Costs of engaging a domestic help (being £2,880 a month x 18 years) |  £622,080.00  
m. Costs of medical equipment |  $1,360.43  
n. Costs of transportation |  $5,628.86  
o. Costs of renovation of house |  $359.20  
p. Difference between business and economy class air tickets |  $8,945.60  
q. Husband’s loss of income |  £21,600.00  
  
  

The total claimed against the defendant at 50% liability is thus $549,522.72
and £1,358,853.17 (being 50% of $1,099,045.44 and £2,717.706.34). I have used
the plaintiff’s individual amounts claimed to calculate the total and note
that there are some inaccuracies in the plaintiff’s calculation of the total
amount. For ease of reference and for calculation purposes only, I will refer
to the plaintiff’s overall claim against the defendant as $3,267,229.06 being
the total amount claimed with £1,358,853.17 converted to Singapore dollars at
the rate of $2 to £1.

5 The injuries to the plaintiff namely, the fractured patella, the strained
ankle and abrasion to the knee (leaving aside the claim regarding the back for
the time being) are all closely connected and there would be a fair amount of
overlap in the pain and suffering in such cases. Furthermore, the range of
general damages for pain and suffering for such cases would normally be
between $8,000 to $12,000. Since the total sum of $3,267,229.06 claimed by the
plaintiff would probably make this the most expensive knee injury ever
claimed, it is best to proceed by first setting out the basis of the
plaintiff’s case upon which the big amounts are claimed – which largely relate
to her career record and social activities.

6 The plaintiff graduated from the University of Birmingham in 1985 with a
Bachelor in Social Sciences degree in social administration and social work.
She has a certificate from the Inns of Court School of Law to be an Expert
Witness in the field of adult social care. She also has a “Certificate in
Management” from the University of Brighton after completing her master’s
degree in business administration.

7 She set up CPL in 2004. From her position as the company’s managing
director, she had been commissioned to “work in senior posts typically in a
‘trouble-shooting’ type capacity”, and “[had] been routinely commissioned to
lead and assist local authorities and health agencies after serious failings
in services such as the London Borough of Sutton”. She also claimed to be
involved in the managements of budgets of up to £180m. She said that she would
have continued working at an Assistant Director level in such agencies until
about 2011 or 2012 whereupon she “would consider that [she] would have had
sufficient experience to begin operating at interim Director level”. She then
foresaw herself in about 2016 or 2017 having enough experience to be able to
operate at interim Chief Executive Officer level for the remainder of her
working life.

8 The plaintiff also claimed that prior to the accident, she was an active
person who enjoyed driving cars at car rallies. She is a “qualified racing
driver” and has also written about her motor sporting activities in various
magazines.

9 The plaintiff claimed that as a result of the accident, she was unable to
lead the kind of lifestyle described above. She tried to mitigate her loss by
applying for a part-time job as a social worker but did not receive any reply
to her applications. She concluded that she was unsuccessful because she was
not a registered social worker in Singapore. She claimed that she had applied
to IKEA to work as a cashier but when the human resource manager “observed
that I had a disability, she declined even to interview me”. She found this
“an extremely upsetting and humiliating experience” and decided to avoid
subjecting herself to further similar experiences. She thus ceased looking for
part-time work. She claims that she has “been unable to return to the UK to
continue working there as [she is] not able to travel without assistance and
[she has] no one to look after [her] there”. Finally, she managed to get a
part-time job at the Management Development Institute of Singapore (“MDIS”)
teaching English. For conducting classes in a three-week long English Summer
Camp from 18 June to 6 July 2012, and for conducting two public seminars on
business English in the period between 10 July and 17 July 2012, she received
$5,330.

10 Assuming for the moment, that what she claims is true and proven, the next
question is, how did a knee injury cost her so much loss in income? I will now
consider this aspect of her injury before returning to the probability and
reasonableness of her claims for pain and suffering in relation to her alleged
loss of income. The plaintiff’s only serious injury was the fracture of the
knee cap on 7 May 2011. The medical evidence from Dr Ganesan Naidu (“Dr
Ganesan”) testified that he had advised her to try walking with support in
order to stimulate the formation of new bone. He was of the view that the
plaintiff’s fracture was a “minimally displaced fracture” and that the “soft
tissue of the patella was intact, meaning there was some stability already”.
He therefore wanted the plaintiff to move the limb. He confirmed that by
February 2012 the fracture had completely healed. In fact, the knee had
recovered sufficiently by 14 June 2011 for Dr Ganesan to refer the plaintiff
for physiotherapy.

11 Dr Ganesan was the principal doctor looking after the plaintiff’s principal
injury. From his medical reports and testimony at trial, it is clear and
obvious that the plaintiff’s principal injury, the fractured patella, had
completely healed. But the plaintiff insisted that the injury continued to
cause her pain. Dr Ganesan, having made sure that there was nothing more that
he could do for her, sent her to “pain management specialists”. The plaintiff
was subsequently attended to by Dr Nicholas Chua (“Dr Chua”) and Dr Vincent
Yeo (“Dr Yeo”), both of whom are anaesthetists. The plaintiff was referred to
them on account of their claims to be pain specialists. Dr Chua diagnosed the
plaintiff to be suffering from CRPS. He sent the plaintiff to Dr Yeo for
confirmation. Dr Yeo, in turn sent the plaintiff for a psychiatric evaluation.
Two psychiatrists, Dr Habeebul Rahman and Dr Yang Su-Yin testified that the
plaintiff was not suffering from any “identified psychosomatic cause” for her
condition. This condition they referred to was the CRPS that Dr Chua had
diagnosed. Dr Chua was optimistic that patients with CRPS can recover with
“cognitive behaviour therapy” (“CBT”). He diagnosed the plaintiff’s CRPS as
the “sympathetic[ally] non-mediated” type for which a lumbar sympathetic block
procedure might work to diagnose and eventually stop the pain. He testified
under cross-examination that though the other type – “sympathetic[ally]
mediated CRPS” – might respond better to a lumbar sympathetic block procedure,
there was still a 50% chance that this procedure would help patients with the
“sympathetic[ally] non-mediated type”, like the plaintiff. Such a diagnostic
procedure would enable the doctors to be able to tell whether the plaintiff
had a good chance of further improvement or treatment. If the procedure were
to show that the nerves are involved in the CRPS, the plaintiff could then
consider going for a lumbar sympathectomy to ablate the nerves straightaway.
It was not disputed that the plaintiff did not opt for a lumbar sympathetic
block procedure even though she understood the benefits of it, citing a “fear
of needles”.

12 The plaintiff was subsequently examined by Dr Bernard Lee (“Dr Lee”) on 23
July 2013. Dr Lee produced a medical report on 16 September 2013, and
testified on the plaintiff’s behalf. Dr Lee is a qualified anaesthesiologist
and was described as a “pain specialist” by Mr Salem, counsel of the
plaintiff. Dr Lee practises in his clinic known as “Singapore Pain Centre”. He
also diagnosed the plaintiff to be suffering from CRPS from the “seemingly
mild trauma” of the fractured patella. He found that she had all the “signs
and symptoms of a sympathetic[ally] mediated pain” including “automatic
dysfunction and dystrophy of her skin, nails and surrounding soft tissue of
her leg and foot”. This diagnosis differed from that of Dr Chua who found that
the plaintiff’s CRPS was of the sympathetically non-mediated version. Dr Lee
acknowledged that there are two versions but asserted under cross-examination
that the plaintiff was suffering from the sympathetically mediated version.

13 In her affidavit of evidence-in-chief, the plaintiff claimed that she was
in constant and severe pain and therefore had to stop the work she used to do
in CPL. She also claimed that she could no longer enjoy driving cars in
rallies as she had done in the past because she could no longer use her left
knee to depress the clutch of the car. She is even unable to walk much. In
court, she appeared at all times in a wheelchair.

14 The defendant disputes the diagnosis of CRPS. Its case is that there was no
medical justification for that diagnosis. Secondly, the defendant avers that
the plaintiff, despite her claims and diagnosis, is not truthful. The
defendant relies on surveillance and other evidence to show that the
plaintiff’s claims regarding her pain and disability are false. But before I
consider the defendant’s evidence, it will be helpful to consider the nature
and effect of the plaintiff’s medical evidence.

15 The first and undisputed evidence is that the fracture of the patella has
completely healed. To this end, I find the evidence of Dr Ganesan to be
forthright, reliable and illuminating. From his evidence I am able to conclude
with certainty that the plaintiff’s knee injury was not an unusual one and
physically, the plaintiff had made full recovery. What is disputed is whether
the plaintiff suffers from CRPS and, if so, the effect that has on her work
and private life. If the plaintiff does not have CRPS and has completely
healed from her injury, then the only conclusion I can come to is that she is
malingering and has grossly exaggerated her claim for damages.

16 It is incontrovertible that for the sympathetically non-mediated form of
CRPS which the plaintiff was first diagnosed with, apart from tenderness,
there are no specific symptoms or tests that can verify the diagnosis. Though
the sympathetically mediated type of CRPS should display redness and hotness,
which was what the plaintiff was later diagnosed with, I note that such
symptoms were not observed on her by Dr Chua. A diagnosis of CRPS is thus
largely based on a claim to pain by the patient. Hence, Dr Yeo sent the
plaintiff for psychological and psychiatric examinations to rule out any
psychiatric conditions. At this juncture, the medical evidence trails off.

17 Neither side produced sufficient evidence regarding CRPS generally and
specifically in relation to this plaintiff. Mr Salem offered Dr Lee as his
expert on CRPS but Dr Lee is an anaesthesiologist by training who now
specialises in pain management. That does not necessarily make him an expert
in CRPS. In fact, Mr Salem had not adhered to the requirements of experts’
evidence in the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) which state that
the expert evidence must be contained in a report and signed and exhibited in
an affidavit. The report should further begin with the expert’s qualifications
and cite authorities or material relied on for the report. This was not the
manner in which Dr Lee’s evidence was presented to the court, but rather as a
doctor who had examined the plaintiff and diagnosed her to be suffering from
CRPS. He did not provide the court with crucial evidence on the chances of
recovery for the plaintiff specifically and for CRPS patients generally, or
how to reconcile the two differing diagnoses of the type of CRPS the plaintiff
had. I am therefore unable and reluctant to make a finding as to whether the
plaintiff is indeed a true case of CRPS. I will proceed on the basis that on
the face of the professional, but not expert, medical evidence from Dr Chua
and Dr Lee, the plaintiff is suffering from CRPS. I have no evidence to assess
whether she will remain so for a few months more or for life.

18 The plaintiff has the evidence of Dr Chua and Dr Lee (and to a lesser
extent, Dr Yeo) to support her claim that she had CRPS. But there was no
medical evidence from a doctor nominated by the defendant to the contrary.
That is as wanting as the failure to produce a medical expert on CRPS. In such
circumstances, the finding of the existence of CRPS must be in the plaintiff’s
favour albeit without expert evidence.

19 I go on to examine the consequences that CRPS has had on the plaintiff’s
private life and work. In this case, the manner in which the plaintiff
testified and the evidence of the nature and history of her work, as well as
the events after her fall led me to examine the evidence several times. I have
considered the evidence from her point of view and compared it with the
possibility of an exaggerated claim; bearing in mind that the importance of
the evidence is that it has serious implications beyond the parties’ interests
alone. If the plaintiff’s claim regarding the consequences of her CRPS is
genuine, she must be properly compensated. If it is not, the injustice is not
only that she would have made an unmeritorious gain and the defendant (or its
insurers) would have suffered an unmeritorious loss. More than that, such
insurance claims will drive premiums higher and other policy holders will bear
the costs of increases in insurance premiums.

20 The defendant produced surveillance evidence of the plaintiff. The
photographic and video evidence show that the plaintiff was ambulant with the
use of a cane. There were pictures of her using a wheelchair but they were
mainly from her trips to the hospital. The plaintiff also used the wheelchair
when she appeared at trial. The video evidence shows that contrary to her much
emphasised pain and how it prevents her from walking long distances to the
extent that she is unable to work, she went on a long nature walk in July
2012. During the walk, the plaintiff also encountered some uneven terrain,
including but not limited to sandy beaches and grassy areas. The surveillance
also captured her climbing up and down the embankment at Pasir Ris beach. This
was not done without any difficulty, but her ability to traverse such a walk
is inconsistent with her claims that her condition had been steadily
deteriorating since November 2011. Mr Salem argues that the private
investigator, Mr Abdul Hadi bin Mohamed Salleh (“Mr Abdul Hadi”), measured the
distance wrongly and that the plaintiff did not walk the 7.2km. Further,
counsel submitted that the plaintiff had to take breaks in between.

21 There is no definitive measurement of the route taken by the plaintiff and
her husband but the distance on the map and the evidence of the investigator
Mr Abdul Hadi indicate that it would be about 5km at the very least. It may be
that the plaintiff had stopped and rested along the way but she did not seem
to stop because of pain. Even regular trekkers would stop to admire the
scenery or just to rest. If the plaintiff had stopped because of pain, she
would have stopped and then returned home; but she completed the walk.

22 Another significant evidence was the evidence of Dr Ganesan, corroborated
by his medical notes that the plaintiff reported to him that she was pleased
that she could drive a manual car and she could use the clutch whilst in the
UK. Realising that this evidence was inconsistent with her claim, she denied
that she told Dr Ganesan all that. Mr Salem then produced evidence to show
that it was the plaintiff’s husband who had hired the car when they were in
the UK. That does not prove that the plaintiff did not drive at all.

23 The plaintiff did not deny that she had travelled to the UK, Spain, Doha,
Hong Kong and Malaysia on holiday since her accident. She also took a few
trips with her husband to accompany him for work, to places such as Vietnam
and Taiwan. Though she claims that she had to follow her husband because she
“couldn’t be really left behind” on her own, there is evidence to show that
since the accident she had also made a few solo trips. These evidence must be
assessed by a comparison of what the plaintiff says in her affidavits and in
court. They are not consistent with the impression that she so fervently
wanted to present to the court at trial – namely, that since the fracture of
her left patella she was in such great and constant pain that she could not
walk and could not work. She had to stop work and no longer enjoyed the life
that she used to enjoy including driving cars in car rallies and going on
holidays.

24 Upon considering the evidence presented by the plaintiff to show that she
could not contemplate even part-time work, I find the evidence of the
circumstances surrounding her work in MDIS troubling. The plaintiff claims
that as a result of the “adverse impact on [her] health” she concluded her
temporary freelance work with MDIS in July 2012. But if she was already in
constant pain in July 2012 to the extent that she had to terminate her work
with MDIS, why did she then sign and MDIS offer, another contract with MDIS on
3 January 2013 to teach further classes in business English? She was also
listed as a trainer in the Corporate Training Calendar of MDIS for the year
2013. The plaintiff only addressed this contract signed with MDIS in 2013 in
her closing submissions, but merely stated that she “was optimistic about her
recovery” when she entered into the contract on 3 January 2013. This
contradicted all previous evidence which was that by mid-2012, the plaintiff’s
condition had worsened to the extent that she could no longer work, and was
steadily deteriorating.

25 I examined the overall evidence over and over to see if I could justify a
finding in her favour, after all, she did fall and she did fracture a knee
bone but I am of the view that the evidence shows that her claim to be grossly
exaggerated so far as the effect of her CRPS was concerned.

26 Finally, I also find that her claims regarding the loss to CPL are
unjustified. She claimed that she could no longer perform the work she used to
do for CPL. First, although there are financial records as to the annual
earnings of CPL, there is no clear evidence as to what the plaintiff’s work
for CPL entailed. On the one hand she says that she could work remotely using
her laptop, but on the other she claims that her physical presence with the
clients of CPL are vital. If that were so, she had to give them up to join her
husband when his job brought him to Asia. When she disconnected from those
clients, she was clearly prepared to give up that occupation. She made no
attempt to continue her work with CPL after she left the UK to join her
husband in Asia.

27 I therefore find that her claims as to her disability and loss of income to
be untrue. I further dismiss the plaintiff’s claim relating to pain and
suffering for back pains as there is no evidence of a back injury which was
caused by the accident. I find that the diagnosis of secondary Fibromyalgia
cannot stand for the reasons above and because I note that Dr Lee has not
examined the plaintiff for a sufficiently sustained period of time to be able
to make such a diagnosis. Dr Lee had admitted under cross-examination that for
a diagnosis of Fibromyalgia to be made, it has to be ascertained that such
widespread pain occurred over a period of time, for example, over a period of
three months. Dr Lee admitted that he simply based his diagnosis on the
history the plaintiff gave, and not on any clinical examination of the
plaintiff over a prolonged period of time. In fact, he had merely examined her
once, on 23 July 2013 and based his diagnosis only on this examination. The
plaintiff has also not been clinically diagnosed with Deep Vein Thrombosis
which would require her to choose to take business class over economy class
for her flights, and has not been advised to engage a full-time domestic
helper or purchase a TENS machine. I also find that her transport expenses
were incurred whilst her husband was still working for his previous company,
and that these expenses were paid by his company. I thus make the award of
damages as follows:

a. Pain and suffering for fracture of knee, abrasion to the left knee, and strained ankle |  $12,000.00  
---|---  
b. Pre-trial medical expenses (up to but not including February 2012) |  $4,374.55  
c. Costs of transportation |  $1,635.68  
  
  

The total award of damages for the plaintiff’s claims is $18,010.23. The final
sum that the defendant is to pay to the plaintiff is half the amount, at
$9,005.115. I will hear the parties on costs at a later date if they are
unable to agree.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 May 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

