Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Alberto Justo Rodriguez Licea and others _v_ Curacao Drydock Co, Inc  
[2015] SGHC 136

Case Number| :| Suit No 643 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeal No 3 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 May 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sim Chong (JLC Advisors LLP) for the plaintiff; Syn Kok
Kay (Patrick Chin Syn & Co) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Alberto Justo Rodriguez Licea and others — Curacao Drydock Co,
Inc  
  
21 May 2015|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal brought by Curacao Drydock Company, Inc (“Curacao”)
against the decision of the assistant registrar (“the AR”) below in summons no
5365 of 2014 (“SUM 5365”) where the AR dismissed its application to set aside
a judgment obtained by the plaintiffs in default of its appearance and to
strike out the plaintiffs’ statement of claim (“SOC”).

2 I dismissed the appeal and awarded costs to the plaintiffs fixed at $6,000
(inclusive of disbursements). I now give my reasons.

Background

Parties

3 The defendant is a dry-dock company registered in Curacao. The plaintiffs
are Cuban workers who were found to be victims of a forced labour scheme
instituted by the defendant company.

Proceedings in the United States[note: 1]

4 Sometime in August 2006, the plaintiffs commenced proceedings against the
defendant in the United States District Court for the Southern District of
Florida, Miami Division, (“the US Court”) seeking compensatory and punitive
damages for physical and psychological injuries suffered under a forced labour
scheme (“the US Action”) instituted by the defendant. These claims were
founded on the Alien Tort Statute 28 U.S.C. § 1350 (2000) and the Racketeer
Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act 18 U.S.C. §?1962(b) (2000) (“RICO”).

5 On 13 March 2007, the defendant filed a motion to challenge the suit on the
basis that the US Court lacked personal jurisdiction and in the alternative,
that the United States was _forum non conveniens_. The defendant subsequently
withdrew its jurisdictional challenge, leaving _forum non conveniens_ as the
only challenge. The _forum non conveniens_ argument was eventually heard and
rejected by the US Court.

6 Thereafter, the defendant elected not to defend the matter at trial and
default judgment was entered against it. A trial on damages was later held on
20 October 2008 and the US Court awarded to the plaintiffs the sum of US$50m
in compensatory damages and US$30m in punitive damages (“the US Judgment”).
The defendant did not satisfy any part of the US Judgment.

Proceedings in Singapore

7 On 16 July 2013, five years after the US Judgment was obtained, the
plaintiffs commenced a common law action against the defendant in Singapore to
enforce the US Judgment (“the Singapore Action”).The plaintiffs abandoned
their claim for punitive damages and the Singapore Action proceeded solely on
the US$50m which was awarded as compensatory damages.

8 On 13 August 2013, and by way of summons no 4119 of 2013, the plaintiffs
applied for and obtained leave to serve the writ out of jurisdiction. After an
attempt to serve the writ through diplomatic channels was unsuccessful,
service of the writ was effected successfully on the defendant through a
private agent.

9 The defendant did not enter any appearance. On 8 September 2014, and upon
the plaintiffs’ application, judgment in default of appearance was entered
against the defendant (“the Singapore Judgment”). Following that, the
plaintiffs took immediate steps to enforce the Singapore Judgment. The
Singapore Judgment was duly served on the defendant who failed to satisfy the
judgment.

10 On 22 September 2014, by way of summons no 4698 of 2014, the plaintiffs
applied to garnish the debt due or accruing due from one of Curacao’s debtors
in Singapore, KGJ Cement (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“KGJ Cement”). A garnishee order
to show cause (“the Show Cause Order”) was granted against KGJ Cement. The
defendant entered an appearance on 23 October 2014 after it was served with
the Show Cause Order.

11 On 23 December 2014, the garnishee order against KGJ Cement was made
absolute and a sum of US$82,618 was paid by KGJ Cement to the plaintiffs’
solicitors.

12 To date, the defendant has not paid the balance of the Singapore Judgment.
The plaintiffs have instituted two further sets of garnishee proceedings
against the defendant’s debtors in Singapore. These proceedings were pending
at the time of this appeal.

Decision of the AR

13 Before the AR, the defendant sought the following substantive reliefs:

(a) To set aside judgment entered in default of appearance and the execution
issued thereon.

(b) To strike out the SOC for being scandalous, frivolous or vexatious or an
abuse of the process of the court or under the inherent jurisdiction of the
court.

14 Counsel for the defendant conceded at the outset that the Singapore
Judgment was a regular default judgment and he sought to set it aside on the
basis of two submissions. _First_ , counsel submitted that Singapore was
_forum non conveniens_ because the alleged acts occurred in Cuba, the
defendant company is registered in Curacao and the plaintiffs are Cuban.
_Second_ , counsel suggested that the US Judgment could not be enforced in
Singapore because it contains punitive damages. He relied on s 3(2) of the
Reciprocal Enforcement of Foreign Judgment Act (Cap 265, 2001Rev Ed) (“the
REFJA”) to support his submission.

15 In the AR’s view, the defendant’s submissions failed to raise triable
issues that merited the setting aside of the Singapore Judgment. In coming to
her conclusion, the AR applied the test laid down by the Court of Appeal in
_Mercurine Pte Ltd v Canberra Development Pte Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 907 (at
[60]) (“the _Mercurine_ test”) which requires the party seeking to set aside a
regular default judgment to establish a _prima facie_ defence in the sense of
showing triable or arguable issues. Any undue delay in applying to set aside
the default judgment would also be a relevant factor to be taken into
consideration.

16 In relation to the defendant’s first argument, the AR decided that _forum
non conveniens_ was an irrelevant consideration. In her view, the issue of
_forum non conveniens_ did not arise since the matter concerned the
enforcement of a foreign judgment and was not a fresh suit commenced by the
plaintiffs. As regards the second argument, the AR determined that the issue
of punitive damages was similarly irrelevant as the plaintiffs had dropped the
punitive elements of the US Judgment from its SOC. Further, the AR noted that
the counsel for the defendant had not adduced any authority to show that the
entire US Judgment would be tainted by the presence of punitive elements in
it. Finally, the AR noted that the defendant had failed to explain its default
in appearance and the delay before it filed its setting aside application.

17 It is also important to note that the counsel for the defendant withdrew
his prayer for striking out at the proceedings below. This followed the AR’s
suggestion that the counsel proceed only with the setting aside application
since the reliefs sought in SUM 5365 were essentially two separate
applications and should have been pursued separately.

My decision

18 On appeal, counsel for the defendant relied on the same set of written
submissions and resurrected the same arguments canvassed in the proceedings
below. The defendant’s arguments are summarised at [14] above. For reasons
similar to the AR, I found that those arguments presented no triable issues.

19 It is trite that an applicant seeking to set aside a regular default
judgment is required to show that there were triable or arguable issues. As
stated succinctly by Hobhouse J in _The “Ruben Martinez Villena”_ [1987] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 621, there is no purpose in setting aside a judgment if there is
not going to be something to be gained by having a trial.

Forum non conveniens

20 I agreed with the AR’s determination that the issue of _forum non
conveniens_ was irrelevant to the enforceability of foreign judgments and
therefore, did not constitute a triable issue.

21 Apart from registration under the REFJA or the Reciprocal Enforcement of
Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed), a foreign judgment may be
given effect to under the common law if it satisfies the legal requirements of
the forum. It is also apposite to note that the enforcement of a foreign
judgment under the common law creates a fresh obligation to pay the judgment
debt which is an independent obligation, distinct from the original cause of
action underlying the foreign judgment (_Ralli And Another v Angullia_ [1917]
SSLR 33).

22 The legal requirements for a common law action to enforce a foreign
judgment were set out by the Court of Appeal in _Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace
Inc_ (trading as Caesars Palace) [2010] 1 SLR 1129 at [14]:

An _in personam_ final and conclusive foreign judgment rendered by a court of
competent jurisdiction, which is also a judgment for a definite sum of money …
is enforceable in Singapore …

23 However, an action to enforce a foreign judgment would be subject to
defences. These defences are compendiously stated in the following passage
from _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 6(2) (LexisNexis, 2013 Reissue) (“
_Halsbury_ ”) at para 75.209:

… Generally a foreign judgment would not be given effect to, in spite of the
satisfaction of the requirements discussed above, if its recognition or
enforcement (as the case may be) would be contrary to the fundamental public
policy of the forum, where it would conflict with an earlier judgment from the
forum or an earlier foreign judgment recognised under the private
international law of the forum, or if the foreign judgment had been obtained
by fraud or in breach of principles of natural justice, or if it would amount
to the direct or indirect enforcement of foreign penal, revenue or other
public laws.

24 It is therefore incumbent on the party challenging a common law action to
enforce a foreign judgment to prove that the foreign judgment did not satisfy
one or more of the necessary legal requirements of the forum _or_ that one of
the defences applies. It logically follows that, in order to set aside the
Singapore Judgment, the defendant is required to demonstrate at least a
triable issue in respect of the legal requirements of the forum or the
available defences.

Sum of money in respect of a fine or other penalty

25 Counsel for the defendant argued that the US Judgment was unenforceable in
Singapore by virtue of s 3(2)(b) of the REFJA. However, the relevance of s
3(2)(b) of the REFJA to a common law action to enforce a foreign judgment was
not apparent from counsel’s submission. Instead, what was apparent from the
proceedings below was that counsel’s objection concerned the punitive damages
awarded by the US Court. Therefore, I assumed counsel was proceeding on the
same basis.

26 Section 3(2)(b) of the REFJA reads as follows:

(2) Any judgment of a superior court of a foreign country to which this Part
extends, other than a judgment of such a court given on appeal from a court
which is not a superior court, shall be a judgment to which this Part applies,
if —

…

(_b_) there is payable thereunder a sum of money, not being a sum payable in
respect of taxes or other charges of a like nature or _in respect of a fine or
other penalty_ ; and

…

[emphasis added]

27 Section 3(2) of the REFJA sets out the legal requirements that a foreign
judgment must meet for registration under that Act; it does not apply to a
common law action to enforce a foreign judgment. Therefore, counsel’s reliance
on s 3(2)(b) of the REFJA was clearly misplaced.

28 Nonetheless, even if counsel had relied on the common law equivalent of s
3(2) of the REFJA, I did not see anything objectionable about enforcing the US
Judgment as it relates to the compensatory damages and not to the punitive
damages awarded thereunder. According to _Halsbury_ at para 75.168, a foreign
judgment that is objectionable in part may be severed and the unobjectionable
parts enforced, if the unobjectionable part could be clearly identified and
separated from the objectionable part. In the present case, the punitive
damages could easily be severed from the compensatory damages awarded under
the US Judgment, and they were so severed in the Singapore Action which
proceeded only on the basis of compensatory damages. Thus, the defendant’s
argument in respect of punitive damages must necessarily fail.

29 Though my preceding analysis was dispositive of the issue, I should point
out an argument that was not raised by the defendant’s counsel but one that I
have considered. This is the question whether the US Judgment is unenforceable
in Singapore because a successful civil claim under RICO (one of the claims
advanced by the plaintiffs in the US Action) contravenes the common law
equivalent of s 3(2) of the REFJA. RICO is primarily a penal statute with the
object of deterring organised crime in the United States. In addition to its
penal consequences, RICO permits one to bring a civil claim for treble damages
(“RICO damages”) where he/she has been injured by reason of an activity
prohibited by RICO (see RICO §?1964(c)). In _Lewis v Eliades and others_
[2004] 1 WLR 692 (at [50]), Potter LJ thought it arguable that the enforcement
of a foreign judgment, which contains RICO damages, contravenes the common law
rule against the enforcement of a foreign penal law. However, he declined to
express a position on the issue as it was unnecessary in the case at hand.

30 In the present case, it is not clear from the face of the US Judgment
whether the eventual award reflected a RICO component. I further note that the
US Court had awarded compensatory damages and punitive damages, which would
not be consistent with there being a penal element in the compensatory
damages. Nonetheless, since the defendant did not raise the point, and I did
not have the benefit of submissions on this aspect, I do not propose to
express a concluded position on the matter.

31 For the reasons given above, I dismissed the appeal.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents, Tab 4, Exhibit SKK-1 at p 2.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 May 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

