Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Siva a/l Sannasi  
[2015] SGHC 73

Case Number| :| HC/Criminal Case No 9 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 March 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Charlene Tay Chia, Ruth Teng and Elton Tan (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Kanagavijayan Nadarajah and Ranadhir
Gupta (M/S Kana & Co) for the accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Siva a/l Sannasi  
  
17 March 2015|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The accused claimed trial to and was convicted on the following charge:

That you, **SIVA A/L SANNASI** ,

On 22 April 2013, at about 11.42am, along Sungei Kadut Avenue, Singapore,
inside vehicle JLF 7845, did traffic in a controlled drug specified as a
“Class A” drug in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008
Rev Ed) (“the Act”), to wit, by having in your possession for the purpose of
trafficking, four bundles of granular / powdery substance which was analysed
and found to contain not less than 43.32 grams of diamorphine, without any
authorisation under the Act or the regulations made thereunder, and you have
thereby committed an offence under s 5(1)(_a_) read with s 5(2) and punishable
under s 33 of the Act, and further upon your conviction under s 5(1) of the
Act, you may alternatively be liable to be punished under s 33B of the Act.

2 A second charge of drug trafficking was stood down and subsequently
withdrawn after I convicted and sentenced the accused on the first
charge.[note: 1]

The Prosecution’s case

3 The accused was arrested on 22 April 2013 by Central Narcotics Bureau
(“CNB”) officers as part of a drug operation.[note: 2] The accused was seen
driving a heavy goods vehicle bearing the registration plate number JLF 7845
(“the Prime Mover”). He had entered Singapore via the Woodlands Checkpoint
between 2.00am and 3.00am. After driving the Prime Mover to the Marina Bay
area, he repacked the drugs and then slept until 8.30am. After he woke up, he
went about his work duties until about 9.40am to 10.00am, when he arranged to
meet the people to whom he was supposed to give the drugs. The accused was
tailed by CNB vehicles from the Marina Bay area to Ang Mo Kio, where the
accused alighted and crossed the road to a petrol kiosk. The accused was seen
making a phone call before returning to the Prime Mover. He continued to drive
in the direction of Yio Chu Kang. CNB officers lost sight of the Prime Mover,
but it was spotted shortly after in the Sungei Kadut area, at about 11.00am.

4 While the Prime Mover stopped along Sungei Kadut Way, two men, who had been
acting suspiciously and talking under a tree, boarded the Prime Mover. The men
stayed inside the cabin of the Prime Mover for about 20 minutes. The Prime
Mover was then driven for a short distance and the two men alighted at a bus
stop while the Prime Mover continued on its way. The two men were arrested by
CNB officers who moved in on them.[note: 3] The accused drove on for a short
distance before stopping and alighting from his vehicle, apparently to check
on the passenger door which had not been properly shut when the two men
alighted. CNB officers moved in and arrested him.[note: 4]

5 Amin bin Abdullah (“Amin”) was one of the two men arrested at the bus
stop.[note: 5] He was searched and found to possess one plastic bag containing
some brown granular substance, which was later analysed and found to contain
diamorphine.[note: 6] It transpired that, in the Prime Mover, Amin had given
the accused $4,000 in exchange for that plastic bag containing the
drugs.[note: 7]

6 The accused was led into the rear seat of a CNB vehicle, where an oral
statement was taken from him.[note: 8] It reads:

Q1:What do you want to speak?

Ans:English.

Q2:Just before your arrest, what did you do?

Ans:I got call from one malay guy and ask me to come Yishun then I said to him
to come to Sungei Kadut as I am going back to JB.

Q3:What is the purpose of meeting this guy at Sungei Kadut?

Ans:I suppose to deliver a pack of “bolla” to the guy who call me earlier.

Q4:So where do you meet the guy who call you earlier?

Ans:At Sungei Kadut Way, near no. 30 roadside.

Q5:So what happen at No 30, roadside of Sungei Kadut Way?

Ans:I saw two malay guys standing at the roadside and call my handphone that I
guess must be him as I’ve never seen them before.

Q6:What happen next?

Ans:They both walked to my lorry JLF7845 then they get in, I pass the “bolla”
to the guy that wears spects also with a Bluetooth or ear piece and he give me
$4000/- and ask me to send to the nearest bus-stop.

Q7:Can you recognise the person? (Recorder note: B1 was shown the following
pictures for B1 to confirm) Is the person inside the picture I show you?

Ans:Yes, it's him with the beard and he is smelly, the shirt is black and
white short pants.

Q8:How about the other guy?

Ans:He was smoking inside my lorry and I never focus him.

Q9:So is there, anything illegal you want to surrender from your lorry
JLF7845?

Ans:Yes, a few more “bolla” about 3 and the half and sing dollars about six
thousands plus.

Q10:Is the six thousand plus dollars you mentioned is all drugs money?

Ans:I collected from them and suppose to hand over to my boss in Malaysia.

Q11:Who is your boss?

Ans:I’ve never seen him but I’ve got his handphone number in my handphone.

Q12:Are you awared that the money you collected which is going to hand over to
your boss were all drug money?

Ans:I only know the money they pay were from the pending payment to boss.

Q13:All the “bolla” that you say balance about 3 and the ½ belongs to who?

Ans:My boss.

Q14:What do you intend to do with it?

Ans:The customers will call me then I hand over to them.

Q15:Is there anything else you wanna say or change pertaining means all the
answers you have given me?

Ans:I am sorry, I know it’s wrong but I need to earn money as all my children
need money for their studies.

7 The Prime Mover was searched in the accused’s presence by CNB officers who
recovered, among other things, one tied black plastic bag with three packets
of brown granular substance (in the compartment above the driver’s seat) and
one green plastic bag containing one packet of brown granular substance (in
the centre console to the left of the driver’s seat).[note: 9] These exhibits
were sealed, brought back to CNB, and later conveyed to the Health Sciences
Authority (“HSA”) for analysis. They were analysed and found to contain not
less than 43.32g of diamorphine in total.[note: 10]

8 Over the course of investigations, W/Insp Yang Rongluan took six statements
under s 22 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). These
were recorded in English with an interpreter’s help and admitted into evidence
without challenge as to their admissibility.[note: 11] In these statements,
the accused admitted that this was the fourth occasion he had brought drugs
into Singapore. He had brought “bola” from Malaysia to Singapore on three
occasions in January and April 2013 prior to his arrest.[note: 12] He
understood “bola” to mean drugs. He obtained the supply from a person known to
him as Jagen.[note: 13] The accused agreed to work for Jagen because he needed
money to pay off his loans.[note: 14] He had delivered “half bola” on the
first occasion and four packets each on the second and the third
occasions.[note: 15] He received RM2,000 for each of the second and third
deliveries.[note: 16] The accused also helped Jagen collect money from drug
clients in Singapore in February and March 2013 for “about 11 times”. The
money would be collected by men on behalf of “drug bosses”.[note: 17] Jagen
subsequently paid the accused between S$50 and S$150 for each successful
collection of money.[note: 18] For this fourth trip, Jagen and another man,
known to the accused as “Dinesh”, handed one and a half packets and three
packets of drugs to the accused respectively. These were to be delivered to
various clients of the “drug bosses” in Singapore. Dinesh had told the accused
that the packets contained chocolate but the accused did not believe him at
any point in time.[note: 19] The accused entered Singapore in the early hours
of 22 April 2013, parked his vehicle at his worksite, slept and then went
about his regular work duties in the morning before arranging to deliver the
drugs to the various drug clients.

The defence

9 The accused admitted that he was delivering “bola” or drugs on Jagen’s
behalf but contended that he did not know the nature of the drugs he was
delivering at the material time.

10 He said that he first accepted Jagen’s offer to deliver “half bola” to a
drug client in January 2013 because he needed money to clear his debts with a
bank and with one Mohan, who was Jagen’s friend. Jagen told the accused that
bringing drugs into Singapore would fetch quick money and that the drugs would
contain little drug content. He would therefore face a very light sentence if
caught.[note: 20] The accused said that he was initially reluctant to perform
this fourth delivery but Jagen told the accused that the “bosses” may do
“something harmful” to the accused and his family if he did not. The accused
eventually relented and agreed to do the delivery.[note: 21]

11 The accused also called Amin as his witness. At the time of the trial, Amin
was in remand awaiting trial. The other man who was arrested, one Razali bin
Shafiei (“Razali”), has been given a discharge not amounting to an acquittal
and was released from custody before the present trial. The accused did not
wish to call Razali as a witness. According to Amin, a person known to him as
“J Boy” gave him the accused’s phone number so that he could meet and pass
money to the accused. On 22 April 2013, Amin called the accused’s phone six
times. Through these calls, the accused arranged to meet Amin at Sungei Kadut
Way. However, Amin denied asking the accused whether the latter had “batu”. At
Sungei Kadut, Amin boarded the Prime Mover with Razali and Amin handed $4,000
to the accused. The accused later handed him a packet of drugs, to which Amin
said “not mine”. Amin then received a call from “J Boy”. Amin asked “J Boy”
whether he needed to “ _masak_ ” (Malay for “cook”) the drugs. Amin complained
that “$4,000 was not worth it” but took the packet of drugs. Amin asked to be
dropped off at a bus stop. Both Amin and Razali then alighted from the Prime
Mover and were arrested by CNB officers shortly thereafter.

The court’s decision

12 In substance, the defence focused on the issues of knowledge and, to a
small extent, duress. Before I deal with each in more detail, I will quickly
deal with a point that arose during the trial.

13 The accused contended that he never used the words “drug boss” in his
statements. Instead, he said that he had consistently referred to an Indian
man in his s 22 statements and he had said “boss” (but not “drug boss”) in his
contemporaneous statement. However, the accused conceded that the statements
were recorded accurately and he had an opportunity to correct his
statements.[note: 22] In any event, the issue of whether it was an Indian man
or a drug boss was immaterial as the accused knew he was delivering drugs on
another’s behalf.

Whether the presumption of knowledge applied

14 Section 18(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”)
provides that any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled
drug in his possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to
have known the nature of that drug. This applies to the accused in two ways:
first, by virtue of s 18(1)(_a_) of the MDA, as he was arrested with the drugs
in the plastic bags that he was carrying and second, by virtue of s 21 of the
MDA, as the accused was in charge of the Prime Mover at the material time. To
rebut the presumption of knowledge in the context of s 18(2) of the MDA, the
accused must prove on a balance of probabilities that he did not know or could
not reasonably be expected to have known that the thing in his possession
contained that controlled drug (_Dinesh Pillai a/l K Raja Retnam v Public
Prosecutor_ [2012] 2 SLR 903 at [21]).

15 The accused claimed that he had relied on the assurances of Jagen (who he
said was a close friend) that the drugs had low drug content and that he would
face a light sentence if he was caught. Accordingly, he did not know and could
not reasonably be expected to have known that the plastic bags he was carrying
contained diamorphine. To this end, the defence relied on the Court of Appeal
decision in _Khor Soon Lee_ [2011] 3 SLR 201 (“ _Khor Soon Lee_ ”). There, the
appellant appealed against his conviction on the charge of importing 27.8g of
diamorphine into Singapore. The appellant, on the instructions of one Tony,
had brought in various types of drugs like Ketamine and Ecstasy to Singapore.
However, the appellant did not know the contents of the fourth bundle and
thought it to be “ice”. The Court of Appeal, in allowing the appeal,
considered that:

(a) the appellant had consistently imported drugs which would not attract a
death sentence;

(b) he had been careful to confirm with Tony that the packages contained only
controlled drugs and not diamorphine;

(c) he trusted Tony because of a close and personal relationship; and

(d) accordingly, he did not have a strong suspicion to which he turned a blind
eye; at most, his failure to check the nature of the drugs amounted to
negligence or recklessness but that was not enough to establish wilful
blindness.

16 Additionally, the accused also said that he wanted to ask his good friends
who were customs officers what exactly the drugs were, but, unfortunately for
him, none of them was on duty at the checkpoint when he drove into Singapore.

17 Finally, it was submitted that the accused did not know the nature of what
he was carrying, as supported by the fact that he had left the package of
drugs in an exposed part of the Prime Mover while it was parked in Johor Baru
overnight[note: 23] and that he was neither nervous nor behaving unusually
both the night before his arrest (after receiving the drugs from Jagen and
Dinesh) and when passing through the customs checks. The accused also said
that he did not even know what heroin or diamorphine was. He said that when he
asked why he was charged for importing diamorphine, two CNB officers had told
him “It’s heroin. You don’t know, ah?” He asked the interpreter what
“diamorphine” meant and the interpreter replied that it was the scientific
name for heroin. W/Insp Yang also testified that she explained to the accused
that diamorphine is a chemical name for the drugs that he had brought into
Singapore.

18 I shall dispose of the last submission first. The fact that he was behaving
normally might show that he did not have actual knowledge of the nature of his
drugs or that he was a cool courier of drugs. As for his claim that he did not
even know what “heroin” or “diamorphine” was, he nevertheless said that he
knew that it was wrong to bring drugs in and that he was sorry.[note: 24] The
real issue is whether the presumption of knowledge applied and whether it has
been rebutted. This in turn depends on whether the accused had a strong
suspicion that he was carrying diamorphine and, if so, whether he had turned a
blind eye to it. This brings me back to the accused’s first two submissions.

19 The evidence shows that the accused did or should have had a strong
suspicion that he was carrying diamorphine. First, based on his police
statements and oral testimony, he was fully aware that the plastic bags
contained illegal drugs, which he referred to as “bola”. Second, the accused
had an untenable way of reasoning that “bola” had little drug content. He knew
he was carrying “bola” or “batu” (street names for illegal drugs) and saw that
the drugs were brown and powdery. It was different from another drug known to
him as “ganja”, which he knew to be the “green colour leaf thing”.[note: 25]
He had been told by Jagen that “ganja” was “nothing” and contained “very
little drug content” and he reasoned that “bola” contained less drug content
than “ganja” simply because it was not “ganja” and because it was a different
colour from “ganja”. In my view, the accused had no basis to reason this way.
Instead, it should have raised suspicions in his mind about the true nature of
what he was carrying. Third, the accused was disproportionately rewarded for
previous deliveries of “bola”. He was promised a payment of RM2,500, which he
conceded was a “big sum” and he had in fact wondered he was paid so much for
delivering such small packets.[note: 26] The fact that Jagen was known to deal
in drugs and the fact that the accused was being paid so handsomely for an
apparently easy task must have created a strong suspicion that what the
accused was carrying was valuable and highly illegal and to which he turned a
blind eye.

20 The accused conceded in cross-examination that he knew that drug offences
were very serious and potentially carried the death penalty.[note: 27] Despite
this, he was content to rely only on Jagen’s bare assurances. However, I do
not see why the accused should have done so. Nothing suggests a close
friendship with Jagen; the facts point instead to a more arm’s-length
relationship. In cross-examination, the accused could only say that they would
meet in the coffee shop on Sundays to watch football and that Jagen would
offer him a lift if he was going back to Seremban or Kuala Lumpur.[note: 28]
However, he could not even say where Jagen lived. Moreover, he described his
first encounter with Jagen as one where Jagen had chased the accused to clear
his debt with Mohan on Mohan’s behalf, and where Jagen said that “Mohan would
spread the news and spoil [his] name if [he did] not pay up soon”.[note: 29]
As for Dinesh’s assurance that the drugs were chocolate, the accused had
already said that he knew Dinesh was lying and he did not believe
Dinesh.[note: 30]

21 The accused claimed that he could not check with his friends working at the
checkpoint what exactly the drugs were as none of them was on duty when he
drove into Singapore. Since he had delivered drugs on three previous occasions
over a span of three months, he had ample opportunity to check what the drugs
were. Moreover, he did not mention this anywhere in his police statements,
which were otherwise quite detailed. This excerpt from the cross-examination
of the accused is particularly telling:

Q:Okay, I want to put it to you that even though you were not entirely in a
relationship of trust with these---with Jagen, you were content to rely on
Jagen’s bare assurances that the drugs you were bringing in were not serious
drugs or hardcore drugs.

A:Yes.

Q:I put it to you that that you knew that Dinesh was not trustworthy.

A:Yes.

…

Q:Okay, my final put to you, Mr Siva, you didn’t conduct your own checks
because you were willing to bring the drugs into Singapore regardless of what
drugs they were, you just wanted to earn the 2,500 Ringgit.

A:In a way.[note: 31]

22 This case is not like _Khor Soon Lee_ , where the appellant was in a
relationship of trust with the person who had passed him the drugs and where
he had actually satisfied himself that the drugs he was handling did not
involve the death penalty. Furthermore, the appellant had been prejudiced by
the fact that Tony, who would have been a significant defence witness, was not
available to testify. In fact, the Court of Appeal warned at [29] that the
facts were unusual and should not set a precedent for future cases. On the
present facts, a reasonable person in the accused’s shoes would not only have
had great suspicions about the true nature of the drugs that Jagen and Dinesh
had handed over but would also have inquired further to determine the true
nature of those drugs. In my view, the accused, not having done so, turned a
blind eye to these suspicions. Accordingly, I found that he failed to rebut
the presumption of knowledge.

Whether the defence of duress applied

23 Although the defence made no arguments on duress in closing submissions, I
will mention it briefly. To establish duress under s 94 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed), the accused must prove on a balance of probabilities that
the threats made to him were “imminent, persistent and extreme”, that such
threats _could_ and _did_ impress upon him a reasonable apprehension that
“instant death” would otherwise be the consequence of his failure to commit
the crime and that he had no reasonable opportunity to escape from or
neutralise the threat (_Public Prosecutor v Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam_
[2011] 2 SLR 830 at [17] and [28]  _per_ Chan Seng Onn J).

24 On the facts, I saw no duress. Although the accused had, in his police
statements and oral testimony, suggested that there was a threat to his well-
being, he could not state any specific threats. Instead, he could only say
that he “felt [that he] was being forced” as the “drug bosses” knew where he
was staying. The accused was also in control of his situation—on the day of
his arrest, he drove into Singapore, slept in his Prime Mover, repacked the
drugs, went about his daily work and even dictated the time at which he would
pass the drugs to other persons. He could have, for example, escaped or
contacted the police for help at any time. If duress had been raised during
the trial, I would have rejected it.

25 As the accused has not rebutted the presumptions on a balance of
probabilities, I convicted him accordingly.

The sentence

26 The Public Prosecutor certified that the accused had substantively assisted
the CNB. I also found, on a balance of probabilities, that the accused was a
mere courier in that his involvement in the offence was restricted to
transporting and delivering the drugs (s 33B(2)(a)). Having satisfied both
limbs of s 33B(2) of the MDA, the accused could be sentenced under s
33B(1)(_a_) of the MDA which provides that the court may, instead of imposing
the death penalty, sentence the accused to imprisonment for life and, if the
accused is sentenced to life imprisonment, the court shall also sentence him
to caning of not less than 15 strokes.

27 No facts were given and no submissions were made to justify the imposition
of the ultimate punishment of the death penalty on the accused. The accused
was born on 14 September 1968 and is now 46 years old. He therefore does not
fall within s 325(1)(_b_) of the CPC which provides that men who are more than
50 years of age (at the time of infliction of the caning) shall not be
punished with caning. The only submission on sentence made by his counsel
after the conviction was that the minimum number of strokes should be imposed
as the accused was already 46 years old. Accordingly, I sentenced him to life
imprisonment (to commence from 22 April 2013, his date of arrest) and 15
strokes of the cane, the minimum sentence provided by law.

28 On 26 February 2015, the accused filed a notice of appeal against his
sentence only, on the ground that “the sentence is unreasonable and manifestly
excessive”. As indicated earlier, the accused was sentenced to the minimum
imprisonment and caning provided by law and his life imprisonment term was
backdated to the date of his arrest. It is therefore unclear upon what grounds
he is asserting that the sentence imposed is unreasonable or excessive.

* * *

[note: 1]NE, Day 5, p 22:8–14.

[note: 2]AB 247 AB 252–253 (Statement of SSI Ng Tze Chiang Tony).

[note: 3]AB 247–249 (Statement of Insp Sea Hoon Cheng).

[note: 4]AB, 287–288 (Statement of SI Larry Tay).

[note: 5]AB 249 (Statement of Insp Sea Hoon Cheng).

[note: 6]AB 59–60 (P5—HSA Certificate for AM-A1A1); AB 284 (Statement of SSgt
Muhammad Fardlie); AB 303–304 (Statement of ASP Edmund Lim); AB 315 (Statement
of W/Insp Yang Rongluan).

[note: 7]NE, Day 4, pp 5–7 (EIC of DW2).

[note: 8]AB 253 and 256–264 (Statement of SSI Ng Tze Chiang Tony).

[note: 9]AB 277 (Statement of SSSgt Jason Tay); AB 314 (Statement of W/Insp
Yang Rongluan).

[note: 10]AB 54–58 (P2–P4—HSA Certificates for A1A, A1B and A1C).

[note: 11]AB 330, 334, 338, 345, 352, 357, 362 and 406 (P45–P52—Statements of
the accused).

[note: 12]AB 358 at para 83; AB 360 at para 92 (P50—4th s 22 statement of the
accused).

[note: 13]AB 340 at para 8 (P48—2nd s 22 statement of the accused); AB 358 at
para 83 (P50—4th s 22 statement of the accused).

[note: 14]AB 357–358 at paras 77–82 (P50—4th s 22 statement of the accused).

[note: 15]AB 358 at para 83; AB 360 at para 92 (P50—4th s 22 statement of the
accused).

[note: 16]AB 360 at paras 93–94 (P50—4th s 22 statement of the accused).

[note: 17]AB 359 at para 85 (P50—4th s 22 statement of the accused).

[note: 18]AB 359 at para 86 (P50—4th s 22 statement of the accused).

[note: 19]AB 339–341 at paras 4–10 (P47—1st s 22 statement of the accused).

[note: 20]AB 358 at para 81 (P50—4th s 22 statement of the accused).

[note: 21]AB 340 at para 7 (P47—1st s 22 statement of the accused).

[note: 22]NE, Day 3, pp 89:29–94:7 (XX of DW1).

[note: 23]AB 341–342 at paras 13–14 (P47—1st s 22 statement of the accused).

[note: 24]AB 333 (P45—Section 23 statement of the accused for the 1st charge).

[note: 25]AB 404 at para 122 (P52—6th s 22 statement of the accused).

[note: 26]NE, Day 3, p 115:10–15 and p 138:8:14 (XX of DW1); AB 405 at para
126 (P52—6th s 22 statement of the accused).

[note: 27]NE, Day 3, pp 135:29–136:11 (XX of DW1).

[note: 28]NE, Day 3, p 133:3–135:3 (XX of DW1); AB 358 at para 81 (P50—4th s
22 statement of the accused).

[note: 29]AB 357–358 at para 78 (P50—4th s 22 statement of the accused)

[note: 30]AB 339–341 at para 9 (P47—1st s 22 statement of the accused).

[note: 31]NE, Day 3, pp 144:18–145:26 and p 138:8:14 (XX of DW1);

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Mar 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

