Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Li Meng Dominic and others _v_ Ching Pui Sim Sally and another and
another matter  
[2015] SGCA 54

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 52 of 2015 and Summons No 266 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Adrian Tan Gim Hai, Kenneth Chua Han Yuan and Lim Siok
Khoon (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the appellants; Giam Chin Toon SC and
Yeo Zhen Xiong (Wee Swee Teow & Co) for the respondents (the respondents in
person before the Court of Appeal); Lim Seng Siew and Susan Tay Ting Lan (OTP
Law Corporation) for the 10th to 13th defendants in Originating Summons No 982
of 2013.  
Parties| :|  LIM LI MENG DOMINIC — LIM SUI MAY PETRINA — KOH NAI HOCK — SALLY
CHING PUI SIM — WARREN KHOO  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2015] 2 SLR 931.]

2 October 2015|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal concerned the collective sale of the condominium development
known as Gilstead Court. In the court below, the judge (“the Judge”) approved
the application for collective sale, notwithstanding the fact that he had
considered a number of controversial terms in the underlying Collective Sale
Agreement (“CSA”) to be unenforceable and had struck them out (see _Choo Liang
Haw (alias Choo Liang Hoa) and others v Chua Seet Mui and others and another
matter_ [2015] 2 SLR 931 (“the Judgment”)). The appellants, who were three of
the eight subsidiary proprietors (“SPs”) who did not sign the CSA, contended
that the Judge’s order for sale should be set aside on the following two
grounds: (a) first, that the transaction was not in good faith as is required
under s 84A(9)(_a_) of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“LTSA”); and (b) secondly, that the respondents’ application to the High
Court under s 84A(1) of the LTSA for an order approving of the collective sale
was made without authority.

2 After hearing the parties’ submissions, we allowed the appeal. These are the
detailed grounds for our decision.

The background

Events leading to the application for collective sale

3 Gilstead Court is a condominium development comprising 48 units of
residential properties. After a previous attempt at a collective sale between
2005 and 2007 failed, some of the SPs decided to try again in 2008. For this
purpose, a seven-member Collective Sale Committee (“CSC”) was appointed on 12
April 2008.

4 For the avoidance of doubt, we use the terms “CSC” and “CSA” to refer to
this particular sale committee and this particular collective sale agreement
respectively, as opposed to sale committees and collective sale agreements in
general.

5 The members of the CSC were as follows:

(a) Sally Ching (“Ching”);

(b) Warren Khoo (“Khoo”);

(c) Choo Liang Haw (“Choo”);

(d) Chan Ju-Lian (“Chan”);

(e) Loke Wan Tche;

(f) Lok Kok Poh; and

(g) Charles Ng Pooh Cheok.

6 Ching, Khoo and Choo were subsequently appointed as the chairperson,
secretary and treasurer of the CSC, respectively, in 2009. They formed the
Executive Committee (“the Exco”) of the CSC. Ching and Khoo were the
respondents in this appeal.

7 Khoo was the principal draftsman of the CSA. A preliminary version of that
document was circulated to the SPs for their comments in May 2011. After some
revisions, the final version of the CSA was released on 9 July 2011 for the
purpose of procuring the signatures of the SPs. The relevant terms of the CSA
are set out in Annex A to these grounds of decision.

8 The CSA contained a number of controversial clauses which the Judge termed
“the Objectionable Clauses” (see the Judgment at [8]). These clauses can also
be found in Annex A of these grounds of decision. We briefly summarise the
Objectionable Clauses as follows:

(a) Clause 7 consisted of several sub-clauses which, when read together,
essentially required each SP to pay an initial contribution of $2,000 per unit
(later reduced to $1,000 (see below at [11])) towards the cost and expenses of
the collective sale, which would be refunded to him with interest (of 12% per
annum) should the collective sale be successful (see cll 7.1 and 7.3);
however, significantly, if any SP did not pay the initial contribution amount,
he would have twice this amount withheld from his share of the net sale
proceeds, which would then be shared equally among the contributing SPs (see
cl 7.5).

(b) Clause 11 had two key sub-clauses:

(i) Clause 11.2 operated in certain circumstances to charge to an SP who did
not sign the CSA the entirety or an appropriate part of the costs and expenses
of any approval proceedings before the Strata Titles Board (“STB”) and/or the
High Court; and

(ii) Clause 11.3 authorised the CSC to seek legal advice and then obtain
approval from the SPs to sue for losses sustained from the delay in the
receipt of the sale proceeds as a result of approval proceedings that had to
be instituted before the STB and/or the High Court. We note that the Judge did
not include cl 11.3 as part of his definition of the Objectionable Clauses.
However, as objections had been raised before the STB as well as the High
Court against the _whole_ of cl 11, including cl 11.3, we include cl 11.3 in
all our references to “the Objectionable Clauses” hereafter.

(c) Clause 12 penalised any SP who gave, received or solicited any
consideration for certain acts relating to the collective sale process by,
_inter alia_ , deducting a sum equivalent to twice the amount of consideration
from that SP’s share of the net sale proceeds.

9 On 1 August 2011, Khoo disseminated an updated “Guide” to the collective
sale. The Guide was signed off by the CSC and it set out the CSC’s philosophy
towards the collective sale. The Guide also explained the compulsory nature of
the collective sale process, using occasionally colourful language, _eg_ ,
“The three wise monkeys’ see-nothing say-nothing hear-nothing is definitely
not an option for anyone in a condo undergoing a collective sale”. The Guide
highlighted the Objectionable Clauses and their respective effects as well.

10 The CSC, and Khoo in particular, had high hopes of obtaining 100% consent
for the collective sale, which would obviate the need to apply to the STB or
the High Court for an order of sale. However, the signatures did not come as
quickly as they might have liked. By September 2011, the SPs of 27 units had
signed the CSA and paid the contribution of $2,000 per unit pursuant to cl 7.1
of the CSA. But no more SPs came forward after that.

11 Measures were then taken in order to encourage more SPs to sign up. On 5
April 2012, marketing agents were appointed for that purpose. At an
Extraordinary General Meeting (“EOGM”) of the SPs on 7 April 2012, the
contribution rate under cl 7.1 of the CSA was reduced to $1,000 (from the
$2,000 stated in the CSA) and the closing date for signing the CSA was
extended (from a date falling six months from the CSA) to 8 July 2012.
Progress in obtaining more signatures, however, remained slow.

12 During this period, Khoo made attempts at persuading the SPs who had yet to
sign to add their signatures to the CSA that (as we have already noted) he had
drafted. In a personal note dated 28 June 2012 to one such SP, Khoo referred
to certain “ _sanctions_ ” which had been placed in the CSA:

We had anticipated this problem of people pushing the responsibility to others
while waiting to collect the rewards. _We have inserted sanctions in the CSA
against such selfish behaviour._ The sanctions will apply if you do not sign
before the closing date even if you do not lodge any objection to the sale
afterwards. The sanctions include paying or sharing the costs of the
proceedings before the [STB], as well as costs in the High Court if we have to
take the matter up there. The [CSC] has no choice in the matter. [emphasis
added in italics]

13 By 8 July 2012 (approximately a year after the final version of the CSA was
released, and the first signature obtained, on 9 July 2011), the SPs of 43
units had signed the CSA. This represented 89.58% of the total share value and
89.41% of the total area of Gilstead Court. The statutory majority of at least
80% of the SPs by share value and total area as required under s 84A(1)(_b_)
of the LTSA necessary for a collective sale had thus been obtained within the
permitted time of 12 months as provided for in para 1(_a_) of the First
Schedule of the LTSA.

14 Eight SPs of five units in Gilstead Court did not sign the CSA. We shall
refer to them collectively as the “non-signatory SPs”. They also did not pay
any initial contribution to the costs and expenses of the collective sale
under cl 7.1 of the CSA. The non-signatory SPs were as follows:

(a) Edric Pan (“Pan”) and Quek Chia-Min Valeria – Unit 50A;

(b) Chua Seet Mui (“Chua”) – Unit 50P;

(c) Loke Ah Meng (“Loke”) and Soh Lay Bee (“Soh”) – Unit 52A;

(d) Lim Li Meng Dominic and Lim Sui May Petrina (“the Lims”) – Unit 52C; and

(e) Koh Nai Hock (“Koh”) – Unit 54K.

15 The Lims and Koh were the appellants in the present appeal.

16 After fruitless efforts by Khoo to get the non-signatory SPs to consent to
the CSA, the Exco wrote to all the SPs on 17 October 2012 saying that the non-
signatory SPs were unwilling to sign up and that the Exco would move on.

17 Eventually, pursuant to a tender launched by the Exco themselves, a bid by
Dillenia Land Pte Ltd (“DLPL”) was accepted on 17 June 2013. DLPL was
therefore the designated purchaser of Gilstead Court. The agreement with DLPL
was contained in a document known as the Final Terms and Conditions of Tender
dated 29 May 2013 (“the Terms of Tender”), which also annexed the terms and
conditions of the Final Draft Sale and Purchase Agreement (“the Draft SPA”).
DLPL’s tender and the CSC’s letter of acceptance constituted the conditional
contract of sale with DLPL under cl 26 of the Terms of Tender. DLPL’s bid was
for the sum of $150,168,000, which was slightly over the reserve price of
$150m.

18 On 22 June 2013, Chan (a member of the CSC) wrote to the Exco informing
them that he had received word that the non-signatory SPs would sign the CSA
if cll 7.5, 11.2 and 11.3 of the CSA were waived. Chan took the view that
“this letter of comfort and assurance that these minority Owners seek is no
skin off our noses” and that it was never the CSC’s intention to “make money
off any Owner, let alone a minority Owner”. He recommended that the CSC issue
the comfort letter.

19 This was followed by a letter from Pan (a non-signatory SP and a trained
lawyer) to the Exco on 25 June 2013. He informed the Exco that he had managed
to convince the other non-signatory SPs to sign the CSA if the CSC gave
written confirmation that it would not seek to enforce cll 7.5, 11.1, 11.2 and
11.3 of the CSA.

20 Three days later, Khoo rebuffed Pan’s overture, stating that those clauses
were “nothing more than attempts at promoting the principle of equality” and
“attempts at curbing selfish instincts of individuals”. Khoo insisted that the
CSC was bound by the CSA and thus powerless to give the concessions sought; he
added further that the non-signatory SPs might be allowed to sign the CSA if
they _each_ paid $26,000 (the estimated costs incurred as a result of their
failure to sign “in time”) and $2,000 as a belated contribution to the common
fund.

Applying for a collective sale to the STB at first instance

21 On 4 July 2013, an application to the STB was made in the names of the
members of the Exco – _ie_ , Ching, Khoo and Choo – pursuant to s 84A(2A)(_a_)
of the LTSA and cl 13 of the CSA. Under cl 13.2 of the CSA, the members of the
Exco were the representatives required to be appointed for any approval
proceedings before the STB or the High Court under s 84A(2) of the LTSA. The
application to the STB included a claim against each of the non-signatory SPs
for $29,000, the breakdown of which was as follows: $2,000 (being twice the
sum of the reduced amount of contribution of $1,000, pursuant to cl 7.5 of the
CSA) and $27,000 (as disbursements incurred for the STB proceedings as
calculated by Khoo, pursuant to cl 11.2 of the CSA).

22 Between 12 and 17 July 2013, the non-signatory SPs filed objections with
the STB. The STB subsequently told the Exco and the non-signatory SPs to try
to negotiate a settlement.

23 In the midst of this process, DLPL’s solicitors wrote to Khoo communicating
DLPL’s offer to contribute a sum of $50,000 towards the costs of the
application to the STB on certain conditions, including the requirement that
the offer be disclosed to all the SPs of Gilstead Court as well as the STB.
This offer was later conveyed to the non-signatory SPs. DLPL’s offer was
subsequently doubled to $100,000, and finally raised to $135,000.

24 On 26 September 2013, the CSC met to discuss DLPL’s offer. The majority (of
four) led by Choo favoured an acceptance of DLPL’s proposal. Khoo disagreed
and stated that the CSA did not give the CSC any power to accept the offer.

25 It was in the midst of this rift that the STB issued a stop order pursuant
to s 84A(6A)(_b_) of the LTSA on 1 October 2013.

The parties’ applications to the High Court to break the deadlock

26 On 7 October 2013, Choo, and the other three CSC members who were in favour
of accepting DLPL’s offer, filed Originating Summons No 941 of 2013 (“OS 941”)
before the High Court. OS 941 was filed to obtain declarations that the
Objectionable Clauses of the CSA did not apply to the non-signatory SPs if
they signed the CSA, that an offer by DLPL to contribute was permissible, and
that, upon the non-signatory SPs signing the CSA, the collective sale should
proceed on the basis of unanimous consent.

27 On 16 October 2013, Khoo commenced Originating Summons No 982 of 2013 (“OS
982”) in the names of himself, Ching and Choo, _ie_ , the Exco. He did this
without the approval of Ching and Choo who were in fact unaware of OS 982 when
it was filed. Although Ching eventually approved the use of her name, Choo
remained on the other side of the fence. Khoo subsequently removed Choo as a
plaintiff and added him as a defendant (in an amended OS 982 filed on 17
February 2014).

28 Besides applying for the High Court’s approval of the collective sale to
DLPL, OS 982 (as amended) also contained numerous other prayers (the full
prayers are set out in the Judgment at [3] as well as summarised at
[27]–[28]). These included a declaration that the non-signatory SPs be bound
by all the terms of the CSA as if they were parties thereto, a declaration
that cll 7.5 and 11 of the CSA were valid, that the non-signatory SPs make
payment of the sums payable under cll 7.5 and 11, that DLPL had breached cl 37
of the Terms of Tender, and that Choo and the other majority members of the
CSC who supported the acceptance of DLPL’s offer were in breach of their
duties as CSC members.

29 The supporting affidavit for OS 982 was only filed and served on 18
February 2014.

30 Between the filing of OS 941 and the amended OS 982, a further EOGM was
held on 11 January 2014. It was requisitioned by one Gary Darwin, who was in
favour of accepting the DLPL offer, along with about 16 other SPs. It was
chaired by Ching. Of the 25 SPs who attended, 22 voted in favour of the
resolution to allow the CSC to waive any claims against an SP arising under
the Objectionable Clauses. Of the remaining three SPs, two abstained and one
left early.

31 This was followed by a CSC meeting on 20 February 2014. Ching, Khoo and one
other member were absent. The four members present voted in favour of
resolutions to the effect that court approval for the collective sale should
be sought, and that the prayers in OS 982 unrelated to the approval of the
collective sale should be withdrawn.

Decision below

32 The Judge found that cl 7 of the CSA was in effect a penalty imposed on
third parties to the contract for failing to contribute to something they did
not agree to. He thus struck out cl 7.5 and the related clauses pertaining to
the consequences to the SPs who failed to pay contributions pursuant to cl
7.1. He also reduced the interest rate that contributing SPs would receive on
their contributions pursuant to cll 7.3 or 7.4 from 12% per annum to 4% per
annum.

33 In so far as cl 11 of the CSA was concerned, the Judge found that it was
also unenforceable and liable to be struck out as it was unjust and
impermissible for the majority to make the non-signatory SPs bear all the
costs and expenses of a successful collective sale application. The effect of
the clause, in his view, was to force the non-signatory SPs to agree to the
sale so that there was no need to resort to the statutory scheme. Clause 11
was also flawed as it purported, by contract, to take away the power of the
court to decide on the question of costs.

34 The Judge also found that cl 12 of the CSA was not triggered on the facts.

35 The Judge took the view that although the Objectionable Clauses caused an
“unjustifiably unequal distribution of the sale proceeds”, it was “not to the
extent of impugning the _bona fides_ of the transaction” (see the Judgment at
[92]). Although it would be “simpler and neater” to refuse to allow the sale
through, the Judge thought that to do so would not be in the interests of the
signatory SPs, “not least given the present state of the property market”;
hence it was fair to allow the sale through on conditions pursuant to s
84A(5A)(_c_) of the LTSA (see the Judgment at [95]), which primarily related
to the striking out of the clauses as stated at [32]–[33] above.

36 In so far as the argument that the respondents lacked the authority to
initiate OS 982 was concerned, the Judge stated that derailing the sale on
such a technicality would be to the prejudice of most of the parties, and that
it would be a waste of time and costs to ask them to go away and to regularise
the proceedings.

Issues

37 There were three issues before us:

(a) First, whether the transaction was not in good faith after taking into
account (only) the method of distributing the proceeds of sale under s
84A(9)(_a_)(i)(B) of the LTSA.

(b) Secondly, if the transaction was not in good faith, whether the court may
nevertheless approve the sale by modifying the CSA.

(c) Finally, whether OS 982 was _ultra vires_. It should be mentioned that
this issue of authority would only arise for consideration if the appellants
failed on _both_ the first and the second issues as set out above, which were
related to the separate argument centred on good faith. If, however, the
appellants were successful in establishing that the method of distribution was
not in good faith and, further, that this defect could not be cured by
modifications to the CSA, then, strictly speaking, this final issue on
authority would be rendered moot.

Whether there was a lack of good faith in the transaction

General principles

38 OS 982 included an application for the order for the sale of all the lots
and common property in Gilstead Court. As Gilstead Court was an older strata
development, the application was brought by the SPs under s 84A(1)(_b_) of the
LTSA which required them to have not less than 80% of the share values and not
less than 80% of the total area of all the lots. Section 84A(1)(_b_) states as
follows:

**Application for collective sale of parcel by majority of subsidiary
proprietors who have made conditional sale and purchase agreement**

**84A.** —(1) An application for an order for the sale of all the lots and
common property in a strata title plan may be made by —

…

(_b_) the subsidiary proprietors of the lots with not less than 80% of the
share values and not less than 80% of the total area of all the lots
(excluding the area of any accessory lot) as shown in the subsidiary strata
certificates of title where 10 years or more have passed since the date of the
issue of the latest Temporary Occupation Permit on completion of any building
(not being any common property) comprised in the strata title plan or, if no
Temporary Occupation Permit was issued, the date of the issue of the latest
Certificate of Statutory Completion for any building (not being any common
property) comprised in the strata title plan, whichever is the later,

who have agreed in writing to sell all the lots and common property in the
strata title plan to a purchaser under a sale and purchase agreement which
specifies the proposed method of distributing the sale proceeds to all the
subsidiary proprietors (whether in cash or kind or both), subject to an order
being made under subsection (6) or (7).

39 The power to apply for a collective sale is an extraordinary power, for it
allows the majority to compel a homeowner to sell his home against his will.
But there is one crucial safeguard. The STB or the High Court shall not
approve the application unless it is satisfied that the transaction is in good
faith after taking into account certain exhaustive factors. Section 84A(9) of
the LTSA states as follows:

(9) The High Court or a Board **shall not approve** an application made under
subsection (1) —

(_a_) if the High Court or Board, as the case may be, is **satisfied** that —

(i) **the transaction is not in good faith** after taking into account
**only** the following factors:

(A) the sale price for the lots and the common property in the strata title
plan;

(B) **the method of distributing the proceeds of sale** ; and

(C) the relationship of the purchaser to any of the subsidiary proprietors; or

(ii) the sale and purchase agreement would require any subsidiary proprietor
who has not agreed in writing to the sale to be a party to any arrangement for
the development of the lots and the common property in the strata title plan;
or

(_b_) if the collective sale committee does not consent to any order made by
the High Court under subsection (7A).

[emphasis added in bold]

40 As this court has stated in _N K Rajarh and others v Tan Eng Chuan and
others_ [2014] 1 SLR 694 (“ _Harbour View Gardens_ ”) (at [33]–[34]), the
balance that has to be struck between the various competing interests,
particularly those between the consenting majority and the dissenting
minority, is at the heart of the law on collective sales; in this connection,
the LTSA scheme contains the _minimum_ standards of conduct, forming the
baseline below which the majority owners will not be permitted to descend. It
should also be noted that these standards are **_statutorily_**
_circumscribed_ (in contrast to the (more open) concept of good faith at
_common law_ , the legal principles of which have been noted by this court to
be in a state of flux (see _The One Suites Pte Ltd v Pacific Motor Credit
(Pte) Ltd_ [2015] 3 SLR 695 at [44])).

41 It should also be emphasised that the collective sale regime (particularly
s 84A(9) of the LTSA) was promulgated with the aim of protecting the interests
of the _minority_ owners, and the court’s primary role is to ensure that both
the letter _and_ the spirit of the _en bloc_ process are observed in order to
ensure that the minority owners are not prejudiced (see the decisions of this
court in _Chua Choon Cheng and others v Allgreen Properties Ltd and another
appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 724 at [76]–[77] and [81] as well as in _Ng Swee Lang
and another v Sassoon Samuel Bernard and others_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 597 (“
_Sassoon (CA)_ ”) at [7]).

42 It is therefore imperative that a collective sale is conducted fairly,
properly and transparently at every stage of the process. When a sale
committee exercises the extraordinary power of collective sale, it is acting
as the agent of _all_ the SPs collectively. In practice, a sale committee
usually comprises persons who have pro-sale tendencies themselves. They are
subject to the all-too-human temptation to abuse their position and may
(unfortunately) possibly even resort to underhanded tactics or unfair pressure
against a vulnerable group of objecting proprietors in order to achieve the
ends of the majority. The law therefore imposes on the members of the sale
committee a number of duties in order to hold them to the high level of
accountability and conduct expected of those who are entrusted with the
conduct of the sale concerned.

43 The relevant principles governing the conduct of collective sales include
the following:

(a) The statutory duty of good faith requires the sale committee to hold an
even hand between the consenting and the objecting owners, and this duty of
_even-handedness_ is distinct from the sale committee’s other duties of
loyalty or fidelity, to avoid conflict of interest, and to make full
disclosure and to act with conscientiousness (see _Harbour View Gardens_ at
[39] and _Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon
Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 (“
_Horizon Towers_ ”) at [124] and [133]).

(b) The duty of even-handedness means the position of the sale committee is in
some ways akin to a trustee who has to hold an even hand between the interests
of different classes of beneficiaries (see _Horizon Towers_ at [136]) and “any
decision taken with the sole purpose in mind of advantaging only some without
regard to the interests of the others will always be characterised as unfair”
(see Paul D Finn in _Fiduciary Obligations_ (The Law Book Company Limited,
1977) (“ _Fiduciary Obligations_ ”), approved in _Harbour View Gardens_ at
[42]).

44 As the contention in this case that the transaction was not in good faith
related to the operation of the Objectionable Clauses in the CSA, we should
begin by addressing the respondents’ submission that “bad faith” in relation
to the CSA cannot “taint” the conditional contract of sale between the
signatory SPs and DLPL, as it is only the latter agreement which they say was
subject to the court’s approval. To put it in another way, was it proper for
the court to have regard to the CSA when assessing the _bona fides_ of the
transaction?

The relevance of the CSA when assessing good faith

45 Under s 84B of the LTSA, all the SPs, including the non-signatory SPs, are
bound by the court’s order and are compelled to sell pursuant to the sale and
purchase agreement, which in the present case is the conditional contract for
sale with DLPL. Section 84B of the LTSA states as follows:

**Effect of order of High Court or Board**

**84B.** —(1) Where the High Court or a Board has made an order under section
84A(6), (7) or (11) —

(_a_) **_the order_** shall bind all the subsidiary proprietors of the lots in
the strata title plan, their successors in title and assigns and any
mortgagee, chargee or other person with an estate or interest in land;

(_b_) **_the subsidiary proprietors of the lots shall sell the lots and common
property in accordance with the_** **__sale and purchase agreement__** ; and

(_c_) a lease affecting any of the lots in the strata title plan (other than a
lease held by a subsidiary proprietor) shall, if there is no earlier agreed
date, determine on the date on which vacant possession is to be given to the
purchaser of the lots and common property.

(2) Nothing in subsection (1)(_c_) shall prejudice the rights of any lessee of
a subsidiary proprietor to compensation from the subsidiary proprietor.

(3) [_Deleted by Act 13/2010 wef 15/07/2010_]

(4) The subsidiary proprietors of the lots who have not agreed in writing to
the sale under section 84A and any mortgagee, chargee or other person with an
estate or interest in those lots shall, for the purposes of the sale of the
lots and common property, produce the subsidiary strata certificates of title
for the lots to the person having conduct of the sale, the representatives
appointed under section 84A(2) or to their solicitors.

[emphasis added in bold italics and underlined bold italics]

46 The respondents argued that an application under s 84A(1) of the LTSA was
an application for approval of the conditional contract for sale to DLPL, not
an application for the approval of the CSA. The CSA was thus not a relevant
consideration in the context of the present case. Any attempt, therefore, to
link bad faith in respect of the CSA with the conditional contract of sale was
for that reason fundamentally flawed.

47 In our view, however, the respondents’ submission is inconsistent with the
case law of this court, which holds that, in considering or assessing whether
there is good faith in the transaction, it will often be necessary for the
court to have regard to the collective sale agreement to assess the conduct of
the transaction (see _Horizon Towers_ at [117]). The respondents’ submission
depends on a far too narrow interpretation of the word “transaction” in s
84A(9)(_a_)(i) of the LTSA, which is _broader_ than the word “sale” or
“agreement for sale”. Indeed, it includes the whole sale process, including
_how_ the consent for the collective sale was secured (see _Harbour View
Gardens_ at [53] and _Horizon Towers_ at [131]-[133]).

48 Moreover, the respondents’ position on appeal was at odds with their own
previous conduct. The respondents had gone to the STB and subsequently to
court (in OS 982) seeking to enforce the CSA against, _inter alia_ , the non-
signatory SPs. The respondents had sought an order in OS 982 (as amended) that
the non-signatory SPs be bound by all the terms of the CSA as if they were
parties thereto. It did not therefore lie in their mouths to argue that the
terms of the CSA were not subject to the scrutiny of the court, when they had
themselves brought these terms into issue in the first place.

49 Further, we note the express reference to the CSA in the conditional
contract of sale itself. The method of distribution of the sale proceeds
described in the Draft SPA (as annexed to the Terms of Tender (see above at
[17])) was expressly subject to the operation of the CSA. Whilst the non-
signatory SPs were not parties to the CSA, they would have been bound by its
terms by effect of the order of the STB or the High Court, as all the SPs must
sell the lots and common property in accordance with the sale and purchase
agreement under s 84B of the LTSA.

50 We set out below the relevant terms in the Draft SPA:

_Net Sale Proceeds_

27\. “Net Sale Proceeds” means the Purchase Price after deducting an amount to
be transferred to the Collective Sale Common Fund **for the purposes specified
in the CSA** , such as the payment of fees and expenses of professionals
engaged for the collective sale and the refunds to contributors to the Common
Fund.

28\. The amount of such transfer will be determined by the Sale Committee **in
accordance with the provisions of the CSA** …

…

_Distribution of 95% Net Sale Proceeds at Completion_

30\. _Subject to the provisions of the CSA_ , the Owners of each of the 24
Units with a Strata Title Area of 136 sq m will receive 2.110849% of the Net
Sale Proceeds, and those of each of the remaining 24 Units, with a Strata
Title Area of 129 sq m, will receive 2.055818% of the Net Sale Proceeds.

[original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold]

51 Khoo explained during the hearing that the primary terms relating to the
method of distribution of the sale proceeds were found in the CSA, as opposed
to the conditional contract of sale, because the latter agreement was
concluded with the _purchaser_ (_ie_ , DLPL), who would ordinarily not be
concerned with how the sale proceeds were distributed, unlike the sellers
themselves

52 Whilst Khoo’s explanation was literally correct, this only provided an
additional reason why we had to closely examine the CSA in assessing the _bona
fides_ of the collective sale transaction before us. Whilst s 84A(1)
implicitly requires the sale and purchase agreement that is entered into
between the majority owners and the purchaser to specify the distribution
method, the failure to do so is not necessarily fatal to an application for
collective sale if the method is already set out in the collective sale
agreement. There is no prejudice since the SPs would have already been
provided with the information necessary to decide whether or not to object to
the sale and the STB would also have the necessary information to “carry out
its duty under s 84A(9) to determine whether the sale was in good faith” (see
_Ng Swee Lang and another v Sassoon Samuel Bernard and others_ [2008] 1 SLR(R)
522 (“ _Sassoon (HC)_ ”) at [129]). What is important is whether “the amount
which that owner is entitled to be paid for his unit can be ascertained from
the terms of the collective sale agreement” (see _Sassoon (CA)_ at [42]). In
other words, if the method of distribution is found in the CSA, that is where
the court will look in order to assess the good faith of the sale in
accordance with the provisions of the LTSA.

Do the Objectionable Clauses form part of “the method of distributing the
proceeds of sale”?

53 The respondents further argued that s 84A(9)(_a_)(i)(B) of the LTSA was not
engaged as the Objectionable Clauses did not go towards the method of
distributing the sale proceeds. Khoo submitted that the method of distribution
related _only_ to Schedule 4 of the CSA, which is titled “Apportionment of
Sale Proceeds”. Schedule 4 contains the principles of apportionment as well as
a table of apportionment.

54 Khoo argued that there was a difference between the _amount_ of sale
proceeds to be received by an objecting SP and the _method_ of distributing
the sale proceeds amongst all the SPs. According to him, the method of
distributing the sale proceeds was “a fixed formula for the apportionment of
the sale process” that was contained in Schedule 4; the Objectionable Clauses,
however, were extraneous to this method of distribution. He submitted that, in
so far as the financial impact of the Objectionable Clauses was concerned,
this should be considered under s 84A(7) of the LTSA, which states as follows:

(7) Where one or more objections have been filed under subsection (4A) in
respect of an application under subsection (1) to the High Court, the High
Court shall, subject to subsection (9), approve the application and order that
all the lots and common property in the strata title plan be sold unless,
having regard to the objections, the High Court is satisfied that —

(_a_) any objector, being a subsidiary proprietor, will incur a financial
loss; or

(_b_) the proceeds of sale for any lot to be received by any objector, being a
subsidiary proprietor, mortgagee or chargee, are insufficient to redeem any
mortgage or charge in respect of the lot.

55 The respondents argued that none of the appellants would incur a financial
loss from the proposed collective sale.

56 We were of the view that the respondents’ submission above as to how the
phrase “the method of distributing the proceeds of sale” in s 84A(9) of the
LTSA should be interpreted was unsustainable both on a literal level as well
as on a purposive level. What the respondents were, in effect, saying was that
the majority should be free to insert financial sanctions or penalties
(descriptions used by Khoo himself, see above at [12] and below at [67]) that
may substantially impact the distribution of the sale proceeds to the
detriment of a class of SPs as long as such clauses did not result in
financial loss for those affected. At worst, the clauses might be struck out.
With respect, this cannot possibly be correct. Let us elaborate.

57 In our view, when a court takes into account the method of distributing the
sale proceeds for the purpose of assessing the good faith of the transaction,
it is concerned with the substance of the transaction and not merely its form.
What is crucial is the actual consideration that each SP will receive and how
that sum will be calculated. The purpose of s 84A(9)(_a_) is to safeguard the
interests of the minority and ensure that they are treated no less favourably
than the majority (see below at [93]). The court will not defeat that purpose
by giving the provision a narrow and pedantic interpretation. We do not
consider the phrase “the method of distributing the proceeds of sale” to be a
term of art, even though the issue usually arises in the context of the amount
of sale proceeds, for example, when the SPs are unable to agree on whether to
apportion the sale proceeds by share values, valuation or the size of the
units. The better view is that the phrase simply refers to _the entire system_
by which the final shares of the sale proceeds are determined as a whole and
this would cover not only the amount of sale proceeds to be received by an
objecting SP _but also_ the method of distributing such proceeds _as well_.

58 Accordingly, the court must necessarily have regard to _all_ the terms in
the contract that may have a real impact on the distribution of the sale
proceeds in order to assess the good faith of the transaction. The court’s
supervision in this regard cannot be evaded through the use of labels.

59 _In any event_ , Khoo himself admitted in the present case that the
Objectionable Clauses undoubtedly had a potential impact on the _amount_ of
sale proceeds to be received by an SP – thus underscoring the point just made
to the effect that the concepts of amount and method are part of _a holistic
and integrated_ inquiry in so far as the assessment of the good faith of the
transaction was concerned. Pursuant to cl 9.3 of the CSA, Schedule 4 only
distributed the “Net Sale Proceeds”, which was defined as the balance of the
Sale Proceeds after the “Sale Proceeds Deductions” under cl 9.2 had been
deducted. Clause 9.3 was expressly subject to cl 9.4, which stated that the
sums withheld from the non-signatory SPs pursuant to the Objectionable Clauses
shall be paid over to the common fund (or, in the case of sums recovered under
cl 11.3, to be shared by the other owners in apportionments set out in
Schedule 4). The Objectionable Clauses had a real and potentially substantive
impact on how much of the sale proceeds would be distributed to any individual
SP, with the overall effect of benefiting the majority at the expense of the
minority.

60 For the above reasons, we found that the Objectionable Clauses formed an
integral part of the method of distribution in the present case.

Was the transaction in good faith?

61 As stated in Teo Keang Sood, _Strata Title in Singapore and Malaysia_
(LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2012) at p 717, the requirement of good faith in relation
to the method of distribution is likely to be satisfied if it “can be
justified as being rational and designed to be _as fair as possible_ to all
the subsidiary proprietors as the circumstances of the case would permit”
[emphasis added]. To this observation, we would add that, if the method of
distribution is objectively unfair and designed to prejudice the interests of
a particular class of SPs, a court will not hesitate to find that the
statutory duty of good faith has _not_ been discharged.

62 As we have stated earlier in this judgment, the duty of good faith also
includes the duty to be _even-handed_ (see above at [43(a)]). The principles
relating to the duty to be even-handed were in fact discussed in _Harbour View
Gardens_ at [42] (citing _Fiduciary Obligations_ (at paras 122–123 and
125–133)), which we summarise below as follows:

(a) Fiduciaries have to act fairly and impartially when dealing with the
interests of different classes of beneficiaries.

(b) There are two broad categories (_Fiduciary Obligations_ at paras 122–123):

(1) where the fiduciary, whether deliberately or not, exercises a discretion
for the purpose of advantaging/disadvantaging only some of his beneficiaries;
and

(2) where the fiduciary, while honestly intending to act in the interests of
all his beneficiaries, takes a decision which in its consequences is unjust to
some of them.

(c) There may be cases where a beneficiary is prejudiced because a fiduciary
“honestly believes that they can be discriminated against” or because “he
fails to appreciate that he must in fact serve them”. Nevertheless, “any
decision taken with the sole purpose in mind of advantaging only some without
regard to the interests of the others will always be characterised as unfair”
(_Fiduciary Obligations_ at para 125).

(d) A fiduciary must always take into account the effect his decision will
have upon his various beneficiaries. The court will intervene _even if_ the
fiduciary (_subjectively_) _believes_ his decision is in the interest of the
others. However, a decision can be to the advantage of all even if it is to
the _immediate_ advantage of one and to the disadvantage of the other
(_Fiduciary Obligations_ at para 126).

(e) The court must weigh the reasons and circumstances which are said to give
rise to the decision against the consequences which the decision occasions to
all the beneficiaries, but particularly to the beneficiary aggrieved
(_Fiduciary Obligations_ at para 133).

63 In other words, the _subjective_ views of the parties as to the fairness or
unfairness of the method of distribution of the sale proceeds are _not_
determinative. A member of a sale committee may be in breach of his or her
duty even if he or she thought that he or she was doing the right thing by
preferring the interests of one group over another. Further, it might be added
that it is perfectly possible for a sale committee to fulfil its _other_
obligations (such as the duty of disclosure) and yet _nevertheless_ fail to
act impartially. In this regard, open discrimination is still discrimination
since the court will look to the _substance_ and not merely the form of the
transaction.

64 On the other hand, a sale committee is not necessarily in breach of its
duty of even-handedness merely because any individual SP is (subjectively)
dissatisfied with the sum he would receive due to circumstances which are
unique to him. The distribution of the sale proceeds may be unfair or
inequitable from the _subjective_ perspective of an individual SP, _without_
there being any bad faith in the process. The then Deputy Prime Minister and
Minister for Law, Prof S Jayakumar (“Prof Jayakumar”), had given one such
example in Parliament when alluding to certain potential amendments to the
Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) in 2007, as follows (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (2 March 2007) vol 82 at
col 2357):

Secondly, we intend to give the Strata Titles Board a certain power to
increase the sale proceeds in certain cases. Let me explain. This concerns the
distribution of the sale proceeds. We will not change the basic approach for
the distribution of the sale proceeds. The basic approach is that the majority
owners in the en bloc process will still have to decide on the distribution
method most suitable in their particular circumstances. _The reason why we
want to give this power to the Strata Titles Board is to address situations
where the Strata Titles Board considers that a minority owner may not have
been treated fairly or equitably in the distribution of the proceeds, although
it may not be able to find any aspect of bad faith in the process._

… _Say, a minority owner does $200,000 worth of renovation when there was no
en bloc proposal in the air. And six months later, there is an en bloc
proposal which becomes successful. In fact, it means that he has enjoyed his
renovated unit only for about two years before having to move out._ He really
does not suffer a financial loss under the terms of the Act but the Strata
Titles Board may, if they have this discretion, increase his sale proceeds by
an amount which it considers fair if it considers it fair and equitable to do
so in the circumstances. But there will be a cap on the amount that is
available to the STB to award such extra amount, and the proposed cap will be
an aggregate sum of $2,000 or 0.25% of the sale proceeds from each unit or
whichever is higher. So there will be a certain sum with which they can
exercise the discretion. …

[emphasis added in italics]

65 The upcoming amendment Prof Jayakumar was referring to in the preceding
paragraph was the insertion of s 84A(7A) under the Land Titles (Strata)
Amendment Act 2007 (Act 46 of 2007) (“the 2007 Amendment Act”), which we will
discuss in more detail below at [95].

66 After taking into account all the circumstances of the case, we found the
following clauses of the CSA to be objectionable – (a) cl 7.1 read with cll
7.3 and 7.5; (b) cl 9.4; and (c) cll 11.2 and 11.3. These clauses may have
been drafted with the goal of securing the full agreement of the SPs in the
collective sale in order to avoid delays, but they unfairly prejudiced those
who might have been disinclined to agree to the collective sale by penalising
them for holding that view. Let us elaborate.

67 Clause 7 of the CSA had the effect of compelling a non-contributing SP to
contribute double the amount of contribution ordinarily payable, which sum
would then be shared amongst those who had contributed. At [74(d)] of the
Judgment, the Judge described the effect of cl 7 as imposing “nothing short of
a penalty” on the non-signatory SPs for having failed to contribute to what
they did not agree to. In fact, Khoo himself had described cl 7 as a “penalty
of 2 x contribution” at para 20 of a document titled “Meeting with Dissenters
7 Sept 2013 Talking Points” (we also note Khoo’s evidence that Choo did not
demur when these talking points were shown to Choo). Indeed, Khoo stated that
the clause “ _impliedly compels_ ” SPs to sign after 80% consent was achieved
unless they had a legally valid ground of objection.

68 In so far as cl 11.2 was concerned, the effect was that a non-signatory SP
who did not file or succeed in an objection would be made liable for
potentially the entirety of the costs and expenses of the approval proceedings
before the STB and/or the High Court. That sum would be withheld from his
share of the Net Sale Proceeds and then paid over to the common fund. In this
particular regard, Khoo thought that it was “only fair” that an SP who was
unable to make good his objection to the sale be “made to compensate the other
owners for the cost and expenses which are incurred for what should be
unnecessary proceedings”. The Judge rightly held that while it is normal and
fair that all SPs are made to _share_ the costs and expenses of a successful
collective sale, it was “unjust and impermissible, by a contract amongst the
requisite majority signatory SPs, to make the non-signatory SPs bear these
costs” and that the signatory SPs were effectively “forcing the minority to
agree to the sale” (see the Judgment at [81]–[82]).

69 As for cl 11.3, it had a somewhat more nuanced effect. It authorised the
CSC to seek legal advice. If so advised, and if approval by special resolution
of an EOGM was obtained, the CSC could take legal proceedings to seek to
recover compensation from the non-signatory SPs for the loss suffered by the
other SPs from the delay in the receipt of the sale proceeds as a result of
the approval proceedings. At the hearing before us, counsel for the
appellants, Mr Adrian Tan (“Mr Tan”), described this as a “bombshell” that
could cause an SP to sign the CSA simply out of the _fear_ that he or she
might be liable for a large sum as compensation for delay.

70 In our view, cl 11.3 did not in itself provide the _basis_ for any claim
against any non-signatory SP, and it was not apparent what cause of action the
majority may have against a minority simply for failing to successfully make
an objection before the STB or the High Court. That said, whatever the legal
basis for such a claim, cl 11.3 contained an _implicit threat_ that an SP,
especially one without legal training, would find hard to ignore.

71 Finally, although cl 9.4 was not identified as one of the Objectionable
Clauses by the Judge below, we had some difficulty with it. Clause 9.4.1
stated that the sums withheld from the non-signatory SPs pursuant to the
Objectionable Clauses shall be paid over to the common fund. Clause 9.4.2
stated that sums recovered under cl 11.3 would be shared by the other owners
in apportionments set out in Schedule 4. In our view, these clauses
essentially created the link between the Objectionable Clauses and the method
of distribution set out in Schedule 4.

72 One might ask whether a collective sale transaction could be said to be
lacking in good faith even if the collective sale agreement contained ill-
intentioned clauses which have such a minimal financial effect that no SP
could possibly be said to be truly prejudiced by their existence. However,
this issue did not arise in the present case. Notwithstanding that it could
not be ascertained in advance (with the exception of cl 7.5) what the full
measure of the downside to the non-signatory SPs under these clauses would be,
it was apparent that these clauses would (at the very least) have a
_potentially_ substantial impact on the amount that each non-signatory SP
would receive as their share of the sale proceeds. They therefore hung over
the head of any non-signatory SP like the sword of Damocles.

73 As it turned out, the _actual_ monetary impact was _far from_ being _de
minimis_. On 28 June 2012, even before the STB proceedings had been initiated,
Khoo had already taken the view that each non-signatory SP was on the hook for
$28,000 each (see above at [20]). In this regard, we observe in passing that,
before it was amended, OS 982 (at para 4) had in fact sought the payment of a
total of $29,000 by each non-signatory SP.

74 At the hearing before us, Mr Tan estimated that, pursuant to cll 7.3, 7.5
and 11.2 of the CSA, each non-signatory SP would receive $38,651.75 _less_
than what would otherwise be his share under Schedule 4 of the CSA. After
considering that a signatory SP would receive a refund of his contribution
with 12% interest, and (in addition) a share of the double contribution paid
by the non-signatory SPs, a non-signatory SP would receive approximately
$42,000 less than his counterpart. In fact, this last-mentioned figure was
likely an underestimation since it only took into account the costs and
expenses of the STB proceedings as at 4 July 2013, and did not include the
expenses for the proceedings before the High Court and the appeal before us.

75 In the circumstances, we agreed with the Judge that cll 7 and 11.2 (and to
these, we would add cll 9.4 and 11.3) caused an “unjustifiably unequal
distribution of the sale proceeds” (see the Judgment at [92]). Khoo had
deliberately crafted terms which he knew were disadvantageous to the non-
signatory SPs. In his view, such discrimination was permissible in achieving
his goal of 100% consent and indeed “fair”. He believed that they represented
the “[p]rinciple of equality of treatment”. By equality it meant that he
wanted to prevent “oppression by the minority”.

76 Khoo’s approach seemed to have been motivated, at least in part, by his
rather dim view of those who were less enthusiastic about the sale than he
was. He had referred to non-signatory SPs as “ _selfish_ ” and stated that
this was the reason why he inserted “ _sanctions_ ” in the CSA (see above at
[12]). Khoo also said that the Objectionable Clauses were “nothing more than
attempts at curbing selfish instincts of individuals”.

77 _However_ , what Khoo had failed to appreciate was that an SP has the
_absolute right not_ to sign the CSA, for whatever reason he or she might
have. The law still expects that such an SP will be treated fairly. The Judge
was undoubtedly correct when he stated that s 84A of the LTSA takes away the
right of an SP to refuse to sell if the requisite majority SPs wish to sell,
but it does not require a non-consenting SP to sign a CSA (see the Judgment at
[83]). No SP should ever feel compelled to sign a document he or she does not
agree with because of undue group pressure or the fear of suffering penal
consequences, whether covert or overt. Khoo had completely failed to take into
account “the basic rights of objecting SPs at law” (see the Judgment at [91]),
which (in turn) entailed a duty to consider the rights and interests of _all_
the SPs.

78 Khoo (and the CSC) in fact went further than just drafting the impugned
clauses discussed at [66]–[71] above. On several occasions, Khoo made use of
those clauses to apply pressure to persons who had not signed up to the CSA.
His own evidence on affidavit was that the requisite consent of 80% was
achieved “[o]nly with great tact, coupled with references to Clause 11 of the
CSA”. We have already referred to the personal note of 28 June 2012 sent to
one of the non-signatory SPs (see above at [12]), where Khoo spoke of
“sanctions in the CSA against such selfish behaviour”.

79 The approach outlined in the preceding paragraph continued _even after_ the
80% statutory minimum was achieved. In his “Presentation” to the Lims dated 10
September 2012, Khoo described in detail the potential cost liability under cl
11 that the Lims might suffer if they failed to sign up. This Presentation
(with minor amendments) was also sent to Chua, Loke, Soh and Koh.

80 Khoo and the CSC had opportunities to reverse the course which they had
hitherto adopted. As noted above at [18]–[20], Khoo (with the acquiescence of
the Exco) had rebuffed the offer by the non-signatory SPs to sign the CSA if
the CSC gave written confirmation that it would not seek to enforce cll 7.5,
11.1, 11.2 and 11.3 of the CSA. Whilst Khoo was correct as a matter of general
principle that an agreement properly entered into can only be varied if all
the parties to the contract agreed, and that the CSC had no power to
unilaterally give concessions that had the effect of varying the terms of the
agreement, there was nothing preventing the Exco or the CSC from asking the
signatory SPs if they would agree to formally vary the CSA. Further, Khoo did
not always adopt such a strict stance. For example, he had acceded to an
informal amendment via an EOGM, _ie_ , the one convened on 7 April 2012 (see
above at [11]) where the attendees voted to reduce the contribution payable
under cl 7.1 from $2,000 to $1,000, even though, by that time, the SPs of 27
units had already signed and contributed.

81 In our view, the failure of the Exco (including Choo) to even attempt to
reach out to the signatory SPs regarding the non-signatory SPs’ offer was
telling. Instead, Khoo informed the non-signatory SPs that they had _each_ to
pay at least $28,000 before they were allowed to sign the CSA (see above at
[20]).

82 Subsequently, the Exco applied to the STB, seeking not only an approval for
collective sale but also orders from the STB to withhold sums from the non-
signatory SPs pursuant to cll 7.5 and 11.2 of the CSA (see above at [21]).
There was no indication that the Exco was divided at the time the application
was made. Choo had received the documents for the STB application and was
present at the hearing before the STB.

83 As Khoo stated, the rift within the Exco and the CSC appeared to have
arisen only _after_ DLPL made its offer to contribute sums to the legal and
necessary costs of the application to the STB if, _inter alia_ , the non-
signatory SPs withdrew their objections. For the sake of completeness, we were
in agreement with the Judge (see the Judgment at [86]) that there was nothing
improper about DLPL’s offer. Whilst it was somewhat unfortunate that Choo, the
other members of the CSC, as well as a number of signatory SPs were only moved
into action after the offer of a rather large sum of money by a third party,
it was not too late. Unfortunately, Ching and Khoo refused to budge. Instead,
they filed OS 982 (as amended), seeking to uphold, _inter alia_ , cll 7.5 and
11 of the CSA.

84 To recapitulate, the statutory duty of good faith requires a sale committee
to hold an even hand between consenting and objecting owners. On the present
facts, the impugned clauses (which went to the method of distribution of the
sale proceeds) were not only objectively unfair and intended to prejudice the
interests of the non-signatory SPs who exercised their entitlement _not_ to
lend their signatures to a document they did not concur in, but would also,
_in fact_ , cause them to suffer significant detriment. To discharge the
statutory duty of good faith, it is not sufficient that the majority or the
sale committee had the real, but _objectively unjustifiable_ , belief that
they were permitted to act in a discriminatory manner. This is _a fortiori_
the case when the evidence before us demonstrated that members of the majority
as well as the CSC were actually discomfited by the penal nature of the
impugned clauses, even if they only had these second thoughts well after they
had acceded to those unfair terms.

85 In conclusion, the inclusion of the impugned clauses and the respondents’
determined effort to enforce and give effect to them were contrary to the
requirement that the transaction be carried forward in good faith, taking into
account, in particular, the method of distribution of the sale proceeds.

Whether the court may intervene to amend the CSA to cure bad faith

86 As noted above (at [32]–[33]), the Judge held that cll 7.5 and 11 of the
CSA were unenforceable. However, instead of refusing to allow the sale to go
through, he decided to impose conditions pursuant to s 84A(5A)(_c_) of the
LTSA to, _inter alia_ , strike out cll 7.5 and 11 of the CSA. We emphasise
that the Judge had done so after finding that there was _no_ lack of _bona
fides_ in the transaction, a finding with which, with respect, we _disagreed_.
The Judge therefore did _not_ need to consider the specific issue before us,
which was whether the court has the discretion to approve a collective sale
even if it is satisfied that the transaction was _not_ in good faith.

87 Section 84A(5A)(_c_) states as follows:

(5A) Where an application is made under subsection (1) to the High Court in
the circumstances described in subsection (2A)(_b_), the High Court shall,
without prejudice to such other powers it may have under law, have power —

(_a_) to summon any person whom the Court is of the view is connected or
otherwise related to the sale which is the subject of the application, to
attend before the Court at the time and place specified in the summons and to
produce such books, documents or other records in the person’s custody or
control which the person is required by the summons to produce;

(_b_) to call for a valuation report or other report and to require the
subsidiary proprietors referred to in subsection (1) to pay for the costs; and

(_c_) to impose such conditions as it may think fair and reasonable in
approving the application.

88 The parties were (at least initially) agreed that s 84A(5A)(_c_) of the
LTSA did _not_ give the Judge the power to make the changes that he did. In
this regard, it is important to appreciate that the appellants and the
respondents had approached the matter from _fundamentally different
perspectives_.

89 The _appellants’_ argument was that, given the language and purpose of s
84A(9) of the LTSA, the STB and the court have _no_ discretion to approve a
sale once bad faith in the transaction is established. Such bad faith _cannot_
be purged by the imposition of conditions pursuant to s 84A(5A)(_c_), _or_ by
the common law rules embodied in the “blue pencil” doctrine and/or notional
severance.

90 On the other hand, the _respondents_ ’ argument in their written
submissions was that s 84A(5A)(_c_) cannot be used to strike out clauses in
the CSA because the CSA was not before the court for review and also because
it was never intended that the provision could be used for such a purpose.
Once the court is satisfied that the transaction was in good faith, and that
the application fulfilled the other requirements under the LTSA, the sale must
be approved. The point is that the CSA cannot be amended even if the court is
satisfied that the transaction is in good faith. Thus the respondents’
argument actually went beyond what the appellants had submitted.

91 However, at the hearing before us, Khoo adopted a somewhat different
approach on behalf of the respondents. He stated that the respondents would
have no problems if the Objectionable Clauses were struck out, provided that
the sale was approved. After we handed down our decision and brief grounds,
the respondents filed further arguments to submit that the Objectionable
Clauses are actually severable.

92 As we found the transaction _not_ to have been in good faith, we did not
need to consider the principles as to when a court could interfere with a
collective sale agreement when the transaction was in good faith. We only
needed to consider whether the court had any discretion to approve a
collective sale where the transaction was _not_ in good faith. In this regard,
it is evident, in our view, that **_neither_** the STB **_nor_** the court has
such a power. Let us elaborate.

93 During the second reading of the Land Titles (Strata) (Amendment) Bill
(Bill No 28/1998) (“the 1998 Bill”), the Minister of State for Law, Assoc Prof
Ho Peng Kee (“Assoc Prof Ho”), had stated as follows (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (31 July 1998) vol 69 at col 604):

… The Board will look at the sale price, method of distributing the sale
proceeds _to ensure that the minority owners are treated no less favourably
than the majority_ , and the relationship of the purchaser to the owners, to
ensure that there is no collusion. If the Board decides that the transaction
is bona fide and an arm’s length transaction, the sale will proceed.
Otherwise, the sale cannot proceed and the majority owners would have to
_rework their proposal_ if they still wish to sell en-bloc. **_The Board will
not rewrite the agreement for the parties._** [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

94 This was also the view taken by the Select Committee to which the 1998 Bill
was committed. The Select Committee comprised, _inter alia_ , the then
Minister of Law, Prof Jayakumar, as well as Assoc Prof Ho. It was stated in
the _Report of the Select Committee on the Land Titles (Strata) (Amendment)
Bill_ (Bill No 28/98) (Parl 2 of 1999, 19 April 1999) (“the Select Committee
Report”) as follows (at para 22(c)):

… The Board… will not impose its own terms and conditions on the parties. _If
the Board feels that the price is too low or the method of distribution of the
sale proceeds is not equitable, it will order that the sale not proceed._ The
majority owners must then address this issue. [emphasis added in italics]

This point was repeated by Prof Jayakumar during the third reading of the 1998
Bill (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (4 May 1999) vol
70 at col 1329).

95 There is also no suggestion that, when the 2007 Amendment Act (see above at
[65]) was introduced, this strict position was to be departed from. Indeed,
one of the purposes of the 2007 Amendment Act was to provide _additional
safeguards_ for all owners involved in _en bloc_ sales (see, _eg_ , the
statement of Prof Jayakumar in _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (20 September 2007) vol 83 at col 1994). For example, s 84A(7A) was
inserted to empower the STB, with the _consent_ of the sale committee, to
increase the sale proceeds to be received by an objector if the STB is
satisfied that it would be just and equitable to do so. Sub-section (7B) of s
84A capped the maximum sum that the STB could order. It also introduced s
84A(9)(_b_) which stated that the STB shall not approve the application for
collective sale if the sale committee does not consent to any order made under
sub-s (7A) of s 84A. Parliament had introduced these provisions to strike a
balance between the need to ensure that the minority is treated fairly or
equitably (even where there is no bad faith in the process) and the basic
approach that it is for the majority to decide on the distribution method most
suitable in their particular circumstances (see above at [64]).

96 It was in this context that s 84A(5)(_c_) was inserted in the LTSA via the
2007 Amendment Act. That section amended s 84A(5) to read as follows:

(5) The Board shall have power —

(_a_) to mediate in any matter arising from an application made under
subsection (1);

(_b_) to call for a valuation report or other report and to require the
subsidiary proprietors referred to in subsection (1) to pay for the costs ;
and

(_c_) to impose such conditions as it may think fair and reasonable in
approving an application under subsection (1).

97 Section 84A(5)(_c_) of the LTSA was introduced with little fanfare. Indeed,
the Explanatory Statement to the Land Titles (Strata) (Amendment) Bill (Bill
No 32/2007) (“the 2007 Bill”) made no reference to this particular amendment
at all. Nothing was also said about it in the _Consultation Paper by the
Ministry of Law on Review of En Bloc Sale Legislation under the Land Titles
(Strata) Act_ (dated April 2007) (“the Consultation Paper”). The Consultation
Paper was accompanied by proposed draft amendments to the LTSA in which it was
stated that the insertion of s 84A(5)(_c_) was meant to “empower the [STB] to
approve the application on conditions”.

98 The Land Titles (Strata) (Amendment) Act 2010 (Act 13 of 2010) (“the 2010
Amendment Act”) transferred the power to increase the sale proceeds to be
received by an objector with the _consent_ of the sale committee, which was
originally with the STB, to the High Court. Again, the strict position
remained unchanged, and this is clear from the Explanatory Statement to the
Land Titles (Strata) (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 9/20) (“the 2010 Bill”), which
stated that:

Both a Strata Titles Board and the High Court _must_ , respectively, _refuse_
a collective sale application before it if it is satisfied that the
transaction is not in good faith after taking into account the sale price for
the lots and the common property in the strata title plan, _the method of
distributing the proceeds of sale_ and the relationship of the purchaser to
any of the subsidiary proprietors and not other factors, or it is satisfied
that the sale and purchase agreement would require any subsidiary proprietor
who has not agreed in writing to the sale to be a party to any arrangement for
the development of the lots and the common property in the strata title plan.
[emphasis added in italics]

99 And, as the Minister for Law, Mr K Shanmugam (“Mr Shanmugam”), put it
during the second reading of the 2010 Bill, even if the overwhelming majority
of owners vote for an _en bloc_ sale, the sale “ _still has to pass the good
faith test_ ” [emphasis added] (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (18 May 2010) vol 87 at col 399).

100 Hence, all throughout three major amendments to the LTSA, the intention of
Parliament remained constant: once the court or the STB is satisfied that
there is a lack of good faith in the transaction, having regard only to the
factors stipulated in s 84A(9)(_a_) of the LTSA, it **_must refuse_** the
collective sale application. There is no alternative, unlike, for example, s
84A(7A) of the LTSA (see above at [95]). It should always be borne in mind
that the court has no power to force unwilling proprietors to sell their land
in a collective sale, except to the extent provided for in the LTSA. It is
**_not open_** to the court to use s 84A(5A)(_c_), or to import ill-fitting
principles from the common law or equity, to let the court do what statute and
Parliament has made crystal clear that the court cannot do. Let us elaborate
briefly.

101 In so far as s 84A(5A)(_c_) is concerned, the _legislative history_ makes
it clear that it was **_never_** _Parliament’s intention_ that this particular
provision be utilised in such a broad manner. This provision was in fact
introduced only in 2010 by the 2010 Amendment Act (to which reference has
earlier been made at [98]). Section 84A(5A)(_c_) is identical to s 84A(5)(_c_)
(which was discussed above at [96]–[97]). When s 84A(5A) was introduced, s
84A(5) was also amended by the insertion of a new sub-section (_aa_). That new
sub-section is identical to s 84A(5A)(_a_), which made it clear that the STB
and the High Court had the power to request for information or documents in
certain circumstances. The following extract from the Explanatory Statement to
the 2010 Bill is particularly apposite:

Next, section 84A(5) is also amended to expressly empower a Strata Titles
Board and the High Court to request for any information or documents from any
party related to a collective sale application before it, if the Board or High
Court, as the case may be, deems such information relevant **_to aid in its
assessment_** _of the collective sale application in accordance with section
84A(7) or (9)(_ a _)._**__Similar__**** _powers are conferred by_**** __new
section 84A(5A) on the High Court__**** _in respect of collective sale
applications_**. [emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold
italics]

102 Section 84A(5A) was meant to give the High Court (without prejudice to the
powers that the High Court already had) the _same_ powers granted to the STB
under s 84A(5) – with the exception of s 84A(5)(_a_) which reflected the STB’s
mediatory role. Section 84A(5A)(_c_) had to be interpreted in conjunction with
s 84A(5)(_c_), and it was apparent that Parliament never had any intention of
giving the STB wide and unfettered powers to amend collective sale agreements,
in particular, the method of distribution of the sale proceeds that the
majority had already agreed upon.

103 It is therefore clear that s 84A(5A)(_c_) was **_never intended to confer
on the High Court such a broad power as is contained in the “blue pencil
test”. It was intended to confer only a supplementary power to aid the High
Court in_**** __assessing__**** _the relevant collective sale application
pursuant to s 84A(1)_** (this last-mentioned provision being in fact
_expressly referred to_ in s 84A(5A)(_c_) itself). Indeed, this is confirmed,
in our view, by the **_other (also supplementary) powers_** contained in sub-
ss 84A(5A)**_(a) and (b)_** (which confer on the court the power “to summon
any person whom the Court is of the view is connected or otherwise related to
the sale which is the subject of the application, to attend before the Court
at the time and place specified in the summons and to produce such books,
documents or other records in the person’s custody or control which the person
is required by the summons to produce” _and_ the power “to call for a
valuation report or other report and to require the subsidiary proprietors
referred to in [s 84A(1)] to pay for the costs”, respectively).

104 For the sake of completeness, we also note the respondents’ further
argument that cll 7.5 and 11.2 of the CSA can “easily be blue pencilled out”
and the 12% per annum interest rate on the contribution to the sale proceeds
can be changed to 4% without disturbing the integrity of cl 7.3. They also
referred to the existence of a severance clause in the CSA. These arguments
related to _how_ a discretion to amend the CSA should be exercised, and not to
whether such discretion even existed in the first place. As we have found that
there was **_no discretion_** in the present case, we did not need to consider
this argument. In any event, _even under the common law_ , the so-called “blue
pencil test” has traditionally been applied only in the context of illegality
and public policy in contract law in general and (mainly) with respect to the
very specific sphere of restraint of trade in particular. Indeed, it has been
observed thus in a local textbook (see _The Law of Contract in Singapore_
(Academy Publishing, 2012) (“ _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ ”) at para
13.218):

Although the point is not entirely clear from the various textbooks, it would
appear that the doctrine of severance is not uniformly applicable to all
categories of illegal contracts. It would appear that the doctrine would not
apply to contracts involving the more extreme forms of illegality. Indeed, the
vast majority of cases dealing with the doctrine of severance involve the
restraint of trade doctrine, which doctrine ranks rather low on the scale of
illegality. On the other hand, it is suggested that the doctrine of severance
would probably not apply to contracts that are either expressly or impliedly
prohibited by _statute_. The situation is probably less clear with regard to
contracts that are illegal under _the common law_. It is suggested that the
doctrine of severance ought to be more likely to be applicable in categories
where the original rationale for holding the contract as illegal under the
common law is now questionable (owing, for example, to a change in social
circumstances and policy). [emphasis in original]

It is clear that the “blue pencil test” _could not possibly be applicable_ on
the facts as well as context of the present case.

105 We pause to note – parenthetically – that, in the context of the local law
of contract, this court, in _Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D
& F Man International (S) Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David_ [2008] 1 SLR(R)
663 and _Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd v Lui Andrew Stewart_ [2012] 4 SLR
308, declined to make any conclusive observations on the applicability (or
otherwise) of the doctrine of _notional severance_ which is a relatively novel
one, although the latter decision did express the view (at [35]) that the
reasons given by the Supreme Court of Canada in _Shafron v KRG Insurance
Brokers (Western) Inc_ (2009) 301 DLR (4th) 522 for the conclusion that the
doctrine of notional severance was _inappropriate_ in the employment context
were “persuasive” (see also generally _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ at
paras 13.227-13.235; reference may also be made to the relatively recent
Singapore High Court decision of _Lek Gwee Noi v Humming Flowers & Gifts Pte
Ltd_ [2014] 3 SLR 27, especially at [174]-[186]). _However_ , it is clear, in
our view, that the doctrine of notional severance is, in any event, _clearly
inapplicable_ to the facts as well as context of the present case.

106 We therefore allowed the appeal on the ground that the transaction was
_not_ in good faith.

Whether OS 982 was **_ultra vires_**

107 Whilst we have held that the appeal should be allowed because of the want
of good faith in the transaction, we should also address the appellants’
argument that the respondents did not have the authority to bring OS 982 in
the first place. Indeed, this particular issue was canvassed and considered in
the court below (see above at [36]) as well as in the parties’ respective
written submissions on appeal. In our view, it would also be appropriate to
furnish some guidance with respect to this issue for the future.

108 The appellants argued that since s 84A(2) of the LTSA required the
authorised representatives of the majority SPs to act jointly, the application
had to be brought by Ching, Khoo and Choo (_ie_ , all the Exco members)
together. Since the respondents constituted only two out of the three
authorised representatives, OS 982 was _ultra vires_.

109 In order to address this particular issue, we need to have regard to the
structure of the LTSA, as well as the legislative history of s 84A(2) in
particular.

110 Under s 84A(1) of the LTSA, an application for a collective sale is made
by the majority SPs (see above at [38]). However, s 84A(2) requires the
majority SPs to appoint not more than three authorised representatives in
connection with a collective sale application, and they must act jointly.
Section 84A(2) of the LTSA provides as follows:

(2) The subsidiary proprietors referred to in subsection (1) shall appoint not
more than 3 persons from the collective sale committee referred to in
subsection (1A) to act **jointly** as their authorised representatives in
connection with any application made under subsection (1). [emphasis added in
bold]

111 In the 1998 Bill as originally drafted, s 84A(2) was drafted in very
different terms. The original draft read as follows:

(2) The subsidiary proprietors referred to in subsection (1) shall appoint not
more than 3 persons **(jointly and severally)** from among themselves to act
as their authorised representatives in connection with any application made
under that subsection. [emphasis added in bold]

112 After the 1998 Bill was read the second time on 31 July 1998, the draft
Bill was committed to a Select Committee. The Select Committee made a number
of amendments to the draft Bill, including the removal of the words “(jointly
and severally)” from the proposed s 84A(2) and inserting the word “jointly”
after the word “act” instead.

113 The reason for this was stated by Prof Jayakumar at p E5 of the Select
Committee Report, as follows:

Amendment Nos. 4 and 5 provide that the representatives appointed by the
majority owners **must act jointly and not severally**. This is in response to
a representation which was made to us. [emphasis added in bold]

114 Prof Jayakumar was likely referring to Paper 34 in the Select Committee
Report, which was the only representation that made this particular
recommendation. It was submitted by Assoc Prof Lim Lan Yuan, Dr Lawrence Chin,
Dr Alice Christudason, Ms Anne Magdaline Netto and Ms Low Boon Yean from The
School of Building and Real Estate of The National University of Singapore.
That paper referred to the original s 84A(2) and stated as follows:

This section allows the subsidiary proprietor to appoint ‘not more than 3
persons’ to act as their authorised representatives, jointly and severally.
Therefore the subsidiary proprietors can appoint 1, 2 or 3 representatives.

The introduction of the concept of ‘jointly and severally’ is odd. … [the
authors go on to explain that the concept is usually used in the context of
liability to mean liability collectively and/or individually].

In the proposed legislation, the phrase “jointly and severally”, appears to be
used in relation to powers exercised individually and/or collectively by
appointed representatives. This presumes the appointment of more than one
representative. However, the phrase ‘jointly and severally’ cannot be used
where only one representative is appointed. It can only be used where more
than one representative is appointed. As the appointment imports onerous trust
obligations, it would be in the interest of the subsidiary proprietors to
appoint more than one representative.

Where it is used for the appointment of more than one representative the
phrase still poses problems. If the subsidiary proprietors appoint more than
one representative they should want the representatives to act jointly.
However, the phrase ‘jointly and severally’ allows unilateral acts by a single
representative. **This would defeat the objective of requiring concurrence and
allow for possible arbitrary conflicting acts.**

Further, the appointed representatives are placed in a position of trust.
**The trust rule on unanimity requires trustees to act in concurrence.** See
_Re Mayo_ [1943] Ch.302. Therefore the representatives cannot act
individually. There is no question of them acting “severally”. **They must act
jointly at all times.**

[emphasis added in bold]

115 The Select Committee met with the representatives of Paper 34 on 4
December 1998, where the following exchange occurred (recorded at C 82 of the
Select Committee Report):

250\. Another specific point that you made, again, to better reflect what the
position should be, is new section 84A(2) where you say, currently drafted,
the Bill allows majority owners to appoint “not more than 3 persons to act as
their authorised representatives, jointly and severally.” And you have made
the argument that because they have decided to appoint 3 persons, the 3
persons should, in fact, act together, and not severally? – _(Ms Anne
Magdaline Netto)_ Yes.

_Assoc. Prof. Ho Peng Kee]_ Again, that is a good point which I think the
Committee can consider.

116 It is clear, therefore, that Parliament had intended the word “jointly” to
mean that, if the signatory SPs decided to appoint three persons to act as
their authorised representatives, they were mandated to act _jointly_ , and
**_not_** _severally_. This was to avoid the problem of “arbitrary conflicting
acts”, as the authors of Paper 34 had described it (see above at [114]).

117 Subsequently, in the 2007 Amendment Act, a new sub-s (1A) was inserted to
s 84A, which read as follows:

(1A) For the purposes of a collective sale under this section and before the
signing of the collective sale agreement by any subsidiary proprietor —

(_a_) there shall be constituted a collective sale committee to act jointly on
behalf of the subsidiary proprietors of the lots whose members shall be
elected by the subsidiary proprietors of the lots at a general meeting of the
management corporation convened in accordance with the Second Schedule; and

(_b_) the Third Schedule shall have effect as respects the collective sale
committee, its composition, constitution, members and proceedings.

118 This provision was added as part of an effort to enhance procedural
clarity to the collective sale regime, which also included the introduction of
the Second and Third Schedules to the LTSA to regulate the formation of the
sale committee and its proceedings (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (20 September 2007) vol 83 at cols 1997–1999).

119 Whilst s 84A(1A) also uses the word “jointly”, this has to be read in
conjunction with sub-paras 8(1) and (2) of the Third Schedule to the LTSA,
which provides as follows:

8.—(1) At any meeting of a collective sale committee, a quorum shall consist
of the majority of the members of the collective sale committee except that
where a management corporation for a strata title plan has only 2 subsidiary
proprietors, the presence of the member who owns more than 50% of the
aggregate share value of all the lots comprised in the strata title plan shall
be the quorum required to convene the meeting of the collective sale
committee.

(2) A decision of the _majority_ of members of the collective sale committee
present and voting at any meeting of the collective sale committee _shall be a
decision of the collective sale committee_ except that where a management
corporation for a strata title plan has only 2 subsidiary proprietors, the
decision of the member who owns more than 50% of the aggregate share value of
all the lots comprised in the strata title plan shall be the decision of the
collective sale committee.

[emphasis added in italics]

120 Section 84A(2) was also amended in the 2007 Amendment Act by deleting the
words “among themselves” and substituting the words “the collective sale
committee referred to in subsection (1A)”. There was no indication that
Parliament had intended to depart from the original strict position that the
authorised representatives had to act _jointly_ at all times.

121 The question then arises as to what might happen if there is a
disagreement or rift between the authorised representatives. Would it mean
that a collective sale has no way of moving forward? That is not necessarily
the case. For instance, where the collective sale agreement grants it the
power (whether expressly or impliedly), a sale committee may substitute (or
simply remove) one or more of the authorised representatives by majority vote
(see _Sassoon (HC)_ at [94]–[109], affirmed on appeal in _Sassoon (CA)_ at
[47]). A general meeting can also be held to vote out members of the sale
committee who are not acting in accordance with the wishes of the majority
pursuant to para 5(_e_) of the Third Schedule of the LTSA.

122 To summarise the analysis thus far:

(a) The application for an order for a collective sale is made by the majority
SPs.

(b) Before a collective sale agreement can be signed, a sale committee must be
constituted to act “jointly” on behalf of the SPs. A decision of the majority
of the members of the sale committee present and voting at a meeting of the
sale committee is a decision of the sale committee.

(c) The majority SPs shall appoint no more than three persons from the sale
committee to act _jointly_ as their authorised representatives in connection
with any application for a collective sale. The authorised representatives
must act together and _not_ severally.

123 Leaving aside the question of whether it is possible for the majority to
agree to derogate from the requirements set out in s 84A, there was nothing in
the CSA indicating any intention to permit the authorised representatives to
act severally rather than jointly. Therefore, Khoo had no authority to file an
application for a collective sale without the concurrence of Ching and Choo.
When Khoo filed OS 982, he had also named Ching and Choo as plaintiffs, but
this was done without their consent or even their knowledge. Indeed, Khoo had
stated during a pre-trial conference on 6 November 2013 that he had been aware
that all three of them were the proper plaintiffs in the application and that
it was contemplated that “these persons would act as a unified body”. Whilst
Ching subsequently ratified the use of her name, Choo did not do so. Choo, and
the majority of the CSC, were subsequently joined as _defendants_ in OS 982.

124 Further, the orders sought in OS 982 were inconsistent with OS 941, which
had been filed earlier by Choo _et al_ seeking, _inter alia_ , declarations
that cll 7.5, 11 and 12 of the CSA did not apply to the non-signatory SPs.
However, these prayers were not entirely consistent with the CSA, and a sale
committee has to act within the mandate specified in the collective sale
agreement (see, _eg_ , the remarks by Mr Shanmugam in _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (18 May 2010) vol 87 at col 406).

125 In the result, neither side could properly claim to truly represent the
principal, _ie_ , the signatories of the CSA. Even though both sides wanted
the collective sale to go through, the result of their contradictory
applications meant that the non-signatory SPs were caught in the middle of an
internecine struggle between the majority members that the non-signatory SPs
ought not to have been implicated in. This was an embarrassing situation
leading to much unnecessary cost and delay. We do not think that this was a
trivial or technical irregularity that the court ought to disregard. The
foresight of Parliament in requiring _joint_ action by the authorised
representatives was aptly demonstrated by the procedural chaos arising from
the failure of Choo, Ching and Khoo to act jointly, to the prejudice of
everyone involved. There were _six_ pre-trial conferences (“PTC”) between 6
November 2013 and 27 March 2014 to deal with numerous procedural issues
relating to OS 982 and OS 941. Authorised representatives should be ever
mindful of the fact that they have no authority to act severally before
embarking on any unilateral course of action.

126 This led to the question of whether Khoo’s unauthorised application was,
in fact, subsequently _ratified_. Arguably, an attempt to ratify the _part_ of
OS 982 seeking the High Court’s approval for the collective sale was made at
the CSC meeting on 20 February 2014 (see above at [31]) when Choo and three
members of the CSC voted unanimously in favour of the following resolutions:

…

(ii) to resolve that the plaintiffs in OS 982/2013, being the authorized
representatives of the collective sale committee (“Authorised
Representatives”), take steps in OS 982/2013 to remove all prayers other than
those related to the approval of the collective sale under s 84A of the
[LTSA];

(iii) to resolve that the Authorised Representatives take steps in OS 982/2013
to remove all defendants in OS 982 other than those subsidiary proprietors who
did not sign the collective sale agreement;

(**iv**) **to resolve that the Authorised Representatives in OS 982/2013
proceed to obtain the court approval under s 84A of the [LTSA] for the
collective sale of Gilstead Court** ;

…

[emphasis added in bold]

127 The difficulty with this particular attempt at ratification is that “where
it is essential to the validity of an act that it should be done within a
certain time, the act cannot be ratified after the expiration of that time, to
the prejudice of any third party” (see Peter Watts and F M B Reynolds,
_Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2014) at para
2-087). The attempted ratification, if that was the intent, was made _four
months after_ the statutory deadline. This time limitation was for the benefit
of the minority owners, as indicated by Mr Shanmugam in his remarks below (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (18 May 2010) vol 87 at
cols 376–377):

There have been some public concerns that this Amendment will make it **more
difficult and costly** for minority owners to file objections to an _en bloc_
sale application. The fact is that, in contentious cases, the process is
likely to be long drawn and parties may have to seek legal representation, if
they want to pursue every avenue. That is already the position now. After the
amendments, minority owners can continue to file their objections to the STB,
and the STB will then try to resolve any disagreement through mediation. If
there is no resolution at the STB’s mediation stage, the STB will then issue a
“stop order”, as I mentioned earlier. **If the**** _majority owners_****will
not proceed to bring the case to the High Court for adjudication within 14
days of such a "stop order", the**** _en bloc_****sale application will****
_lapse_****.** If the case is brought before the High Court, objectors can
then decide whether they wish to continue with their objections to the sale.
[emphasis added in bold and bold underline]

128 In the present case, Khoo had _deliberately_ not served OS 982 on the
defendants at the earliest opportunity. In the PTC on 6 November 2013, Khoo
stated he could not proceed unless Choo could be brought back into the ranks.
He informed the court that he was “not ready to serve [OS 982] until [Choo’s]
position is clarified and until we get the outcome of [OS 941] and consider
amendments to [OS 982]”. Three PTCs and a few months later, OS 982 (as
amended) was finally served on 17 February 2014 and the supporting affidavit
filed and served the next day. At [40(b)] of the Judgment, the Judge had held
that the service of an originating summons (and a supporting affidavit) for
the approval of a collective sale is not invalid merely because it was done
some four months after the filing of the said originating summons. With
respect, that is not the point. Rather, OS 982 was _always_ irregular and
service was unduly delayed _precisely_ because Khoo was _aware_ of this fact.

129 The purpose of setting a time limit on the STB mediation process and
requiring that an application to the High Court be filed within 14 days of the
STB’s issuance of a s 84A stop order is to ensure the expeditious conduct of
the collective sale. As the appellants rightly submitted, as long as OS 982
was alive, none of the SPs could make plans about their own homes. They did
not know if they should start carrying out repairs or searching for a new
abode. If OS 982 had been authorised from the beginning, there was no reason
why service would not have been effected swiftly. In such circumstances, it
would be unfair to permit the CSC to belatedly ratify an irregular application
_months_ after the statutory deadline to the prejudice of the non-signatory
SPs. Such ratification would not be consistent with the letter and the spirit
of the LTSA.

130 As a final point, we note that it might be argued that the authorised
representatives were under an obligation to bring a valid application to the
High Court for the approval of the collective sale before the expiry of the
statutory timeline of 14 days after the issuance of a s 84A stop order by the
STB. As this issue was not argued before us, we did not pronounce on the
matter. In any event, given that any application was doomed to fail for a lack
of good faith in the transaction to which the majority had acquiesced in the
first place, it is difficult to see what loss would have been caused to the
majority by a breach of duty by the Exco (if any) in this regard.

Conclusion

131 For the reasons set out above, we allowed the appeal with costs, and with
the usual consequential orders.

Annex A: Relevant extracts from the CSA

1\. General

1.1 Definitions

In this Agreement, where the context so admits, the following expressions
shall bear the following meanings:

…

**“Common Fund”** means the fund provided for in Clause 8 below;

…

**“Net Sale Proceeds”** means the Sale Proceeds less Sale Proceeds Deductions
and such other amounts to be deducted or set aside under the provisions of
Clause 9.3 (Distribution of Net Sale Proceeds);

**“Office Bearers of the Collective Sale Committee”** means the Chairman,
Secretary and Treasurer for the time being of the Collective Sale Committee;

…

**“Sale Proceeds”** means an amount equal to the aggregate of (1) such tender
fee as shall be payable on submission of any tender bid as part of the deposit
required to be paid by the successful tenderer on award of the tender; (2) the
balance of the Deposit; and (3) the balance of the successful bid amount;

**“Sale Proceeds Deductions”** has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 9.2
below;

…

7\. OWNERS’ CONTRIBUTIONS

7.1 Contribution Amount

As authorised by the EOGM of 2 July 2011, and as the Sellers in any event
agree, each Owner shall pay an initial contribution in the sum of [$2,000] per
Unit (each, a “**Contribution** ”) towards the cost and expenses of the
Collective Sale, provided that:

(a) Any Owner who does not sign this Agreement may also pay the Contribution
at any time before the Closing Date (or the Extended Closing Date, if any);
and

(b) Any Owner may pay any amount above the Contribution whenever he so chooses
(which total amount shall constitute his Contribution amount).

…

7.3 Refund on Completion of Collective Sale

In the event that the Collective Sale is successfully completed, and in
recognition of the Owners who pay the Contribution (each, a “**Contributing
Owner** ”) who by so doing add value to and assume risks inherent in the
Collective Sale, each Contributing Owner shall be refunded the full amount of
his Contribution from the Sale Proceeds, with simple interest at the rate of
Twelve percent per annum (12% p.a.) on the amount of the Contribution…

7.4 Refund on Non-Completion of Collective Sale

In the event that the Collective Sale fails to be completed, the
Contributions, or the remainder of the Contributions, if any, after paying off
any costs and expenses incurred for the purpose of the Collective Sale, shall
be refunded to the Contributing Owners in proportion to the amounts they have
respectively contributed.

7.5 Defaulting Owners

Any Owner who does not pay the Contribution on or before the Closing Date, of
[_sic_] the Extended Closing Date (if any) shall have an amount equal to two
times the initial Contribution amount of $2,000 (in this case, a “**Default
Contribution** ”) withheld from his share of the Net Sale Proceeds and paid
over to the Common Fund to be shared equally by all the Contributing Owners,
without prejudice to any other liability that such Owner may incur under any
other provisions of this Agreement including Clause 11 (Abuse of Process) or
Clause 12 (Sanctions Against Corrupt Behaviour) below.

8\. COMMON FUND

…

8.4 Payments Into Common Fund

The following shall be paid into the Common Fund:

(a) All Contributions (as defined in Clause 7.1 (Contribution Amount) above);

(b) All Default Contributions (as defined in Clause 7.5 (Defaulting Owners)
above);

…

(d) All Sale Proceeds Deductions (as defined in Clause 9.2 (Deductions from
Sale Proceeds) below); and

(e) Any monies authorized or required by any other provisions of this
Agreement to be paid into the Common Fund.

8.5 Payments Out From Common Fund

The following shall be paid from the Common Fund:

(a) Refund of Contributions (as defined in Clause 7.1 (Contribution Amount)
above) with interest to Contributing Owners;

(b) Proportionate shares of Default Contributions (as defined in Clause 7.5
(Defaulting Owners) above) without interest to Contributing Owners;

…

(d) Costs and expenses of any proceedings before the STB or the High Court for
the approval of the Collective Sale;

…

9\. SALE PROCEEDS

…

9.2 Deductions from Sale Proceeds

Before distribution to individual Owners at completion of the Collective Sale,
amounts sufficient or estimated to be sufficient under the following heads
shall be deducted from the Sale Proceeds (the “**Sale Proceeds Deductions** ”)
and paid into the Common Fund Account:

…

(c) the cost and expenses of applications and proceedings provided for in, or
authorised under, this Agreement;

(d) the sum needed to refund Contributions made by Contributing Owners (with
interest thereon); …

…

9.3 Distribution of Net Sale Proceeds

Subject to the following Clause 9.4, the balance of the Sale Proceeds after
the Sale Proceeds Deductions (as referred to in Clause 9.2 above) have been
deducted (the “**Net Sale Proceeds** ”) shall be distributed to the Owners in
the apportionments set out in Schedule 4 (Apportionment of Sale Proceeds).

9.4 Special cases

9.4.1 In the case of any Owner to whom the provisions of Clause 7.5
(Defaulting Owners), Clause 11 (Abuse of Process) or Clause 12 (Sanctions
Against Corrupt Behaviour) of this Agreement apply, the amount withheld from
his share of the Net Sale Proceeds shall be paid over to the Common Fund in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

9.4.2 As provided in Clause 11 (Abuse of Process) in the case of any Owner to
whom the provisions of Clause 11.3 (Power to Institute Proceedings) apply, any
amount recovered from such Owner shall be paid over to the Sale Proceeds
Account and shared by Owners to whom Clause 11 (Abuse of Process) does not
apply, in the apportionments set out in Schedule 4 (Apportionment of Sale
Proceeds).

…

11\. ABUSE OF PROCESS

11.1 Application

The provisions of this Clause apply only if the Collective Sale is approved by
the STB or the High Court and to an Owner who does not sign this Agreement
before the Closing date or the Extended Closing Date (if any) and who:

(a) Does not seek the assistance of the Sale Facilitation Committee or does
not accept any monetary award made by the Sale Facilitation Committee;

(b) Does not file any objection to the application for approval of the
Collective Sale before the STB or before the High Court;

(c) Withdraws or abandons his objection;

(d) Does not have his objection recognized expressly or impliedly by the STB
or the High Court; or

(e) Obtains a monetary award from the High Court of an amount which is less
than any monetary award the Sale Facilitation Committee has made which he has
not accepted[.]

11.2 Liability for Costs of Proceedings and Set-off

The entirety or an appropriate part of the cost and expenses of and in
connection with the approval proceedings before the STB and/or the High Court
shall be chargeable to any such Owner to whom the preceding Clause 11.1
applies, and the same shall be withheld from his share of the Net Sale
Proceeds and paid over to the Common Fund to account of [_sic_] the cost and
expenses of the Collective Sale.

11.3 Power to Institute Proceedings

The Collective Sale Committee is hereby also authorized to seek legal advice,
and if so advised, and if the Owners’ approval by special resolution of an
EOGM is obtained, to take legal proceedings in any court of competent
jurisdiction to seek to recover from any Owner to whom the preceding Clause
11.1 applies compensation for the entirety or an appropriate part of the loss
sustained by the Sellers from delay in the receipt of the Sale Proceeds as a
result of the approval proceedings having had to be taken before the STB
and/or the High Court. Any sum recovered shall be paid into the Sale Proceeds
Account and to be shared by the Owners in the apportionment set out in
Schedule 4 (Apportionment of Sale Proceeds).

12\. SANCTIONS AGAINST CORRUPT BEHAVIOUR

12.1 Liability for Receiving Extraneous Consideration

Any Owner who gives to, receives or solicits from any person (including and
not limited to the Purchaser) any consideration in money or in kind which is,
or would be, extraneous to any rightful share in the Sale Proceeds as provided
in this Agreement, or extraneous to what an Owner would otherwise properly be
entitled to receive under this Agreement, as an inducement to do or abstain
from doing or as reward for doing or abstain from doing any of the following
things:

(a) signing this Agreement or abstaining from signing this Agreement;

(b) doing anything which he ought not to do under this Agreement or abstaining
from doing anything which he ought to do under this Agreement;

(c) filing or not filing an objection in the approval proceedings before the
STB or the High Court;

(d) withdrawing or not withdrawing any objection which he has filed in the
approval proceedings before the STB or the High Court; or

(e) doing anything or refraining from doing anything in relation to any aspect
of the Collective Sale process,

shall be liable to the sanctions provided in the following Clause 12.2.

12.2 Sanctions against Offending Owner

In addition to initiating investigations by the appropriate public
authorities, a sum equivalent to twice the amount of consideration shall be
deducted from the share of the Net Sale Proceeds of any such offending Owner.
The offending Owner shall disclose the amount of such consideration given,
received or solicited, failing which the Collective Sale Committee will
estimate it and fix the estimated amount as the amount to be deducted from the
offending Owner’s share of the Net Sale Proceeds. The amount thus deducted
shall be paid into the Sale Proceeds Account.

13\. POWER TO INSTITUTE PROCEEDINGS

13.1 Proceedings for Breach or Enforcement

The Collective Sale Committee by its Office Bearers has authority and power to
institute proceedings on behalf of the Sellers without joining any of the
Sellers:

(a) against any Seller for breach of any obligation under this Agreement;

…

(c) against any other parties as provided for in this Agreement; and/or

(d) to apply to court or take any other proceedings required by any provisions
of this Agreement.

13.2 Proceedings before STB and High Court for Approval

The Office Bearers of the Collective Sale Committee shall be the
representatives of the Sellers required to be appointed for any approval
proceedings before the STB or the High Court. In connection with such
proceedings, the Office Bearers of the Collective Sale Committee have power:

(a) to instruct lawyers on anything in connection with the proceedings;

(b) to do such other things as are required for or in connection with the
proceedings; and/or

(c) to agree and accept any terms of mediation proposed in the proceedings
before the STB and to accept and agree any directions and orders of the High
Court which require acceptance and agreement.

…

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

