Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Vinalines Pioneer”  
[2015] SGHC 278

Case Number| :| ADM No 163 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeal No 402 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Vivian Ang and Ho Pey Yann (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
Plaintiff; Philip Tay (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the Defendant.  
Parties| :|  HUNG DAO, CONTAINER JOINT STOCK COMPANY — OWNER AND/OR DEMISE
CHARTERER OF THE VESSEL(S) "VINALINES PIONEER"  
  
26 October 2015|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Hung Dao Container Joint Stock Company (“Hung Dao”), is a
company incorporated in Vietnam. On 4 June 2013, Hung Dao commenced _in rem_
proceedings in Singapore _vide_ Adm No 153 of 2013 and arrested the vessel,
_Vinalines Pioneer_ , on 9 June 2013, for the loss of 111 containers that were
on board the _Phu Tan_ that capsized and sank in the Gulf of Tonkin in heavy
seas on 16 December 2010. At all material times, the defendant, Vietnam
National Shipping Lines, was the owner of the _Phu Tan_ and the _Vinalines
Pioneer_.

2 This is the defendant’s appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No 402 of 2014 (“RA
402”) which was filed in the wake of the Assistant Registrar’s decision in
_The Vinalines Pioneer_ [2015] SGHCR 01 (“the AR’s decision”) dismissing the
defendant’s application in Summons No 4029 of 2013 to set aside the _in rem_
writ under O 12 r 7 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
ROC”) or, in the alternative, under O 18 r 19(_b_), (_c_) and/or (_d_) of the
ROC.

3 The facts and arguments are comprehensively stated in the AR’s decision and
it is only necessary to give a short summary of them in the course of this
judgment. For the purpose of this appeal, the defendant accepted that the
contract to lease the bulk of the containers was between Hung Dao and the
defendant.

4 There are three main issues to be resolved in RA 402. The first is the
jurisdictional issue, namely, whether Hung Dao’s claim has the legal character
described in s 3(1)(_d_) of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap
123, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the HCAJA”). The second is the striking out issue, namely,
whether Hung Dao’s claim is time barred under Vietnamese law. The third issue
is on non-disclosure of facts that would materially affect the issue of
jurisdiction as well as the overall merits of the case.

Jurisdictional issue: damage done by a ship

5 The jurisdictional issue in RA 402 is centred on whether Hung Dao’s claim
has the legal character described in s 3(1)(_d_) of the HCAJA. Counsel for
Hung Dao, Ms Vivian Ang (“Ms Ang”), argued that the damage which Hung Dao had
suffered from the total loss of the 111 containers and the financial
consequences arising therefrom was a claim for “damage done by a ship” within
the meaning of those words in that paragraph. The Assistant Registrar (“AR”)
agreed with Ms Ang that the facts and circumstances giving rise to Hung Dao’s
claim for damage done by a ship satisfied the legal character described in s
3(1)(_d_) of the HCAJA. Preferring _Nagrint v The Ship Regis_ (1939) 61 CLR
688 (“ _The Regis_ ”) over _Berliner Bank AG v C Czarnikow Sugar Ltd (“The
Rama”)_ [1996] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 281 (“ _The Rama_ ”), the AR opined that a ship
which capsized and caused damage to property on board could be considered to
be the instrument of damage and that the ship was not to be treated as merely
a passive environment where the incident occurred.

6 Counsel for the defendant, Mr Philip Tay (“Mr Tay”), contended that damage
done by a ship in s 3(1)(_d_) did not extend to loss of all containers on
board the carrying vessel, _Phu Tan_. The AR was wrong to conclude that Clarke
J’s externality criterion in _The Rama_ was not needed to satisfy the legal
character of s 3(1)(_d_). Clarke J opined as follows (at 293):

In my judgment, the cases show that to be “damage done by a ship” and thus to
qualify as giving rise to a maritime lien three criteria must be satisfied: 1.
the damage must be caused by something done by those engaged in the navigation
or management of the ship in a physical sense; 2. the ship must be the actual
or noxious instrument by which the damage is done; and 3. the damage must be
sustained by a person or property external to the ship.

7 In response, Ms Ang contended that _The Rama_ should not be followed.
According to Ms Ang, Clarke J’s third requirement – that “damage done by a
ship” applied only to damage done to something external to the ship (_ie_ ,
the carrying ship) – was not a legal element in the absence of express words
in Lord Diplock’s test in _The “Eschersheim”_ [1976] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 1 (“ _The
Eschersheim_ ”) at 8. Ms Ang cited several cases to illustrate her point that
the externality criterion was not needed for a maritime claim to fall within
the legal character described in s 3(1)(_d_). The main cases were _The Regis_
, _Union Steamship Company of New Zealand v Ferguson_ (1969) 119 CLR 191 (“
_Union Steamship_ ”) and _Fournier v The Ship “Margaret Z”_ [1999] 3 NZLR 111
(“ _The Margaret Z_ ”).

8 The number of cases cited in argument was not entirely in harmony on Clarke
J’s externality criterion. Apart from the cases cited to me, I have looked at,
for myself, a number of authorities in a case of this kind. In my view, the
weight of authority favours the statement of principle that there is no
jurisdiction _in rem_ if the carrying ship (_ie_ , the offending vessel)
caused damage to property on board. Clarke J’s third requirement of
externality, which is a reflection of English law, should be followed in
Singapore. I disagree with the AR’s view that the externality criterion would
restrict the ambit of s 3(1)(_d_) of the HCAJA. He saw no reason why _in rem_
jurisdiction could not attach just because damage occurred on the ship when
the latter was the instrument of damage. A point to note is that the AR’s view
of s 3(1)(_d_) serves to extend the ambit of the court’s jurisdiction _in rem_
and the established category of damage lien beyond legal bounds. Let me
elaborate on this.

Observations

9 It is necessary to approach the arguments advanced before me with the
following observations in mind. The words “damage done by a ship” were first
taken from s 7 of the Admiralty Court Act, 1861 (24 & 25 Vict, c 10) (“the
1861 Act”) which reads:

The High Court of Admiralty shall have jurisdiction over any Claim for Damage
done by any Ship.

10 The same phraseology was repeated in later legislation and then in s
1(1)(_d_) of the Administration of Justice Act, 1956 (c 46) (UK) (“AJA 1956”)
and currently in s 20(2)(_e_) of the Senior Courts Act 1981 (c 54) (UK)
(“SCA”) (formerly known as the UK Supreme Court Act 1981). The AJA 1956
enacted (in part) the 1952 Arrest Convention (_ie_ , _International Convention
for the Unification of Certain Rules Relating to Arrest of Sea-Going Ships_
1952) into English law.

11 Historically, an action _in rem_ is linked with maritime liens. The long
held view was that the right _in rem_ was based on the existence of a maritime
lien. Thus, proceedings _in rem_ are available whenever there is a maritime
lien attaching to a vessel. _The Bold Buccleugh_ (1852) 7 Moo PC 267 (“ _The
Bold Buccleugh_ ”) articulated the theory of the maritime lien for damage in
cases of collision as it existed in England at the time. Claims for collision
damage were recognised as giving rise to a maritime lien for damage (also
referred to as a “damage lien”). This damage lien was recognised as a claim
for injury caused by the ship.

12 Professor D C Jackson, _Enforcement of Maritime Claims_ (Informa Law, 4th
Ed, 2005) at para 2.63 observed that the admiralty jurisdiction based on the
occurrence of “damage” is not necessarily equated with existence of a damage
lien, and that the courts are not likely to construe the court’s statutory
jurisdiction _in rem_ any wider in scope if the subject matter of the claim
could also have attracted a damage lien.

13 Plainly, it cannot be inferred from the court’s statutory jurisdiction _in
rem_ that the legislature intended for the statutory lien in question to
assume the nature of a maritime lien. The confusion may have been the result
of the long held view of _The Bold Buccleugh_ that jurisdiction _in rem_ and
maritime liens went hand in hand. This view was later regarded as inaccurate.
Put simply, if a maritime lien exists, a statutory lien and jurisdiction _in
rem_ is available. However, the converse is not necessarily true. If a
statutory lien and jurisdiction _in rem_ are made out, it is not the case that
a maritime lien can be inferred (see also D R Thomas, _Maritime Liens_
(Stevens & Sons, 1980) (“ _Thomas_ ”) at para 43).

14 I digress to briefly state the legislative history of Singapore’s admiralty
jurisdiction. Notably, the 1861 Act was applicable in Singapore prior to 15
January 1962. A V Winslow J in _The “Simba”_ [1968-1970] SLR(R) 555 (“ _The
Simba_ ”) explained the admiralty landscape as follows:

8 [T]he admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court in Singapore arose by virtue
of s 17(c) of the Courts Ordinance (Cap 3) which provided it with the
jurisdiction and authority of a Colonial Court of Admiralty conferred upon it
by the Colonial Courts of Admiralty Act 1890. That jurisdiction and that
authority still exist by virtue of s 8(2) of the [Courts (Admiralty
Jurisdiction) Ordinance 1961].

9 By virtue of ss 23 and 24 of the Courts of Judicature Act 1964 the High
Court in Singapore was invested with the same jurisdiction as was vested in it
by any written law immediately prior to Malaysia Day and such jurisdiction
includes the jurisdiction and authority in relation to admiralty matters
conferred on the High Court of Justice in England under the Administration of
Justice Act 1956 …

15 Therefore, prior to 15 January 1962, the admiralty jurisdiction of the High
Court in Singapore was limited to the admiralty jurisdiction which the High
Court in England had in 1890 with the enactment of the Colonial Courts
Admiralty Act, 1890 (53 & 54 Vict. c 27). The jurisdiction of the High Court
of Singapore over claims for damage was to be found: (a) in s 6 of the
Admiralty Court Act, 1840 (3 & 4 Vict. c 65) (“the 1840 Act”) where the
court’s jurisdiction _in rem_ was over damage “received by any ship or
seagoing vessel”, and (b) in s 7 of the 1861 Act which gave jurisdiction _in
rem_ over “any claim for “damage done by a ship”. Both the 1840 and 1861 Acts
existed concurrently.

16 The Courts (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Ordinance 1961 (“the Ordinance”) was
renamed to the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act pursuant to the
commencement of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (which came into
force on 9 January 1970). The material provisions in the Ordinance were
adopted from the AJA 1956. Also, the HCAJA is in effect a re-enactment of the
AJA 1956 (see generally _The “Trade Fair”_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 641 at [13]).

17 This brief historical account is useful as the parties cited cases decided
under the 1861 Act. As stated, the words “damage done by a ship” came from s 7
of the 1861 Act, and these decisions would be followed in Singapore as they
formed part of Singapore law (see [14]–[16] above). Whilst the larger part of
modern admiralty law of Singapore consists of judicial interpretation of
statutory provisions, for present purposes, modern admiralty law is a natural
development of the principles derived from English cases. The same “sweeping
up clause” (as the provision is often called) that Winslow J referred to in
_The Simba_ at [8] is retained in s 3(1) of the HCAJA. After the list of
claims set out in s 3(1) are the words “together with any other jurisdiction
connection with ships … which may be vested in the Court apart from this
section.”

18 Speaking generally, and as it happened, claims secured by maritime liens
under English law are found in the list set out in s 20(2) of the SCA. This is
largely the same as the list of maritime claims contained in Article 1 of the
1952 Arrest Convention. Thus, in the context of a maritime lien and admiralty
jurisdiction based on a statutory lien, the two types of lien (maritime lien
and statutory lien) overlap in the sense that claims which attract a maritime
lien are included in the list of claims set out is s 20(2) of the SCA as being
claims enforceable by an action _in rem_.

19 Likewise in Singapore, the maritime lien for damage corresponds with the
claim for damage done by a ship in s 3(1)(_d_), the maritime lien for salvage
corresponds with the claim for salvage in s 3(1)(_i_), the maritime lien for
wages of the master and crew corresponds with the claim for wages in s
3(1)(_n_), the maritime lien for master’s disbursements corresponds with s
3(1)(_o_), and the maritime line for bottomry corresponds to the claim for
bottomry in s 3(1)(_q_). Thus such claims that fall within s 3(1)(_d_) to
(_q_) and are enforceable by an action in rem as maritime liens under s 4(3)
of the HCAJA or by an action in rem under s 4(4) of the HCAJA. The action _in
rem_ enforcing a claim as a maritime lien under s 4(3) is against the ship
involved in the claim (_ie_ , the offending ship). As the cases acknowledged,
a maritime lien is confined to the ship involved in the claim whereas the
statutory lien is enforced against a sister ship. If the ship in respect of
which the maritime lien arises is lost, it is still possible for a plaintiff
to assert a claim but only as a statutory _in rem_ claim against the sister
ship. In such a case, the claim does not take effect as a maritime lien claim.

20 All this considered, and simply put, since the maritime lien for damage
done by a ship overlaps with the claim for damage done by a ship in s
20(2)(_e_) of the SCA (the equivalent of our s 3(1)(_d_) of HCAJA), it is not
surprising that the English courts in considering a statutory claim for damage
done by a ship in s 20(2)(_e_) of the SCA have turned to cases on damage done
by a ship in the context of a damage lien and s 7 of the 1861 Act for
precedent and guidance.

21 Indeed, it can be gleaned from the English cases that, in the
interpretation of the phraseology “damage done by a ship” in the 1861 Act and
now in the context of s 20(2)(_e_) of SCA, and the occurrence of “damage”
caused by a ship that gave rise to a maritime lien, guidance was taken from
the statutory and common law cases to give meaning and application to the
words.

22 Yet, the distinction between a damage lien and jurisdiction _in rem_ is
real and should not be conflated. They are plainly separate issues. As the
author of _Thomas_ put it (at para 217):

The decision of the House of Lords in _Currie v M’Knight_ is identical in its
approach with that of the earlier decision of the Court of Appeal in _The Vera
Cruz (No 2)_. The two cases are however concerned with distinct and separate
issues. Whereas _Currie v M’Knight_ is concerned with a pre-condition
appertaining to the creation of a damage maritime lien, _The Vera Cruz (No 2)_
is solely concerned with the ambit of the Admiralty Court’s jurisdiction under
the phrase “damage done by a ship”. Nonetheless in both cases the need to show
a ship to have been the “actual instrument of damage” is emphasised. The
instrumentality thesis would therefore appear to represent a doctrine common
both to the assumption of jurisdiction under the “damage done by a ship”
provision and to the accrual of the damage lien, and such a view of the law
appears to be implicit in the decision of the House of Lords in _The
Eschersheim_. In the result, in all cases where it can be shown that a
jurisdiction exists under [s 1(1)(_d_) of the AJA 1956], there will probably
exists a maritime lien.

23 Allsop J in _Elbe Shipping SA v The Ship Global Peace_ [2006] FAC 954 (“
_The Global Peace_ ”) also clarified the distinction and difference in
approach between a claim that is premised on the existence of the maritime
lien and a claim that is dependent on its nature and legal character to found
admiralty jurisdiction. It is one thing for a court to have jurisdiction to
deal with a maritime claim which may or may not be a maritime lien and another
to consider if proceedings are invoked in respect of a maritime lien. Allsop J
held that in proceedings on a maritime lien, the court considers the existence
of the maritime lien whereas, in the case of a statutory lien, the court
considers the nature of the claim to see whether it fits the legal character
needed to found jurisdiction _in rem_.

The Rama

24 In that case, the defendants as charterers of the _Rama_ claimed damages
for deceit and/or negligent misrepresentation on the grounds that the owners
knew that they were not in a financial position to complete the voyage at the
time when they: (a) entered into the charter, and (b) persuaded the defendants
to advance funds for bunkers, agency expenses and replacement parts. The
defendants also claimed damages for conversion and for breach of charter in
that the vessel failed to complete the contractual voyage and failed to
deliver the cargo to its destination. At all material times, the _Rama_ was
mortgaged to the plaintiff bank who gave notice of default after the owners
defaulted on the loan, and caused the vessel to be arrested during the
charter.

25 The question before Clarke J was whether the defendants’ claims give rise
to a maritime lien. It was common ground in _The Rama_ (at 291) that a person
had a damage lien if his claim was a claim for damage done by a ship within
the meaning of s 20(2)(_e_) of the SCA. Clarke J considered the authorities,
discussed _The Eschersheim_ , and concluded that for the claim to come within
the meaning of “damage done by a ship” in s 20(2)(_e_), three criteria must be
satisfied (see [6] above). Notably, Clarke J prefaced the test in [6] above
with these words which I repeat here:

In my judgment, the cases show that to be “damage done by a ship” and _thus to
qualify as giving rise to a maritime lien_ three criteria must be satisfied.

[emphasis added]

26 It seems to me that Clarke J’s statement that the jurisdiction _in rem_ is
co-extensive with the existence of the damage lien must be understood in the
context of the common ground as described in [25] above. According to Clarke
J, the authorities including _The Eschersheim_ established three criteria for
the damage lien. As Clarke J put it (at 292):

That conclusion [_ie_ , the three criteria] is supported by both the
authorities and the text books. I have already referred to _The Eschersheim_.
The damage in that case satisfied all three of the above tests.

27 As for secondary source material that supported the three criteria, Clarke
J said (at 295):

In my judgment the reasoning in those cases support the three propositions
which I set out earlier. So too, in the main, do the text books (see Thomas on
Maritime Liens, at par 175 and 176, Jackson on the Nature of Liens at p. 20.
Tetley on Maritime Liens at pp. 318-320 and subject to the provisos stated
above, Meeson at pp 28-29).

28 The key point in _The Eschersheim_ is that, on the facts, the salvage tug
_Rotesand_ physically caused the alleged loss by casting off her tow, the
_Erkowit_ , and beaching her. No damage to the _Erkowit_ or her cargo was
caused by the beaching. However, due to the wind and waves, pollution damage
later occurred to the surrounding areas from oil in the _Erkowit_ , and her
cargo and the crew’s personal possessions were damaged or lost. Their
Lordships held that the damage was the direct result of acts done by those
engaged in the navigation of the salvage tug. For the purposes of the appeal,
it was assumed that the chain of causation was not broken between the beaching
of the _Erkowit_ and her subsequent breaking up by wind and waves. The
_Rotesand_ remained the actual instrument by which the damage subsequent to
the beaching was done.

29 Lord Diplock in _The Eschersheim_ first talked about damage done by the
ship as the instrument of mischief (“the instrumentality criterion”). His
lordship talked about damage by a ship in a collision where one vessel strikes
another ship or object like a floating buoy due to something done by those
engaged in the navigation of the ship. One ship is active and the other ship
or object is passive, but still in one sense they each strike the other. Where
there is physical contact with the other ship, the property that sustained
damage was plainly external to the offending vessel (“the externality
criterion”). Damage done by a ship is not limited to collision. Lord Diplock
expressly referred to _The Vera Cruz (No 2)_ (1884) 9 PD 96 (“ _The Vera Cruz_
”) where the occurrence of “damage done by a ship” within the meaning of s 7
of the 1861 Act was contemplated to be external to the offending ship. In _The
Vera Cruz_ , Brett MR said (at 99):

The section indeed seems to me to intend by the words “jurisdiction over any
claim”, to give a jurisdiction over any claim in the nature of an action on
the case for damage done by any ship, or in other words, over a case in which
a ship was the active cause, the damage being physically caused by the ship.
_I do not say that damage need be confined to damage to property, it may be
damage to person, as if the man were injured by the bowsprit of the ship._ But
the section does not apply to a case where physical injury is not done by a
ship.

[emphasis added]

30 In Brett MR’s example, the externality criterion is obvious. The bowsprit
was the part of the ship that was the noxious instrument in a real physical
sense, and the person injured was envisaged to be external to the offending
ship. In addition, Lord Diplock explained that the ship could still be the
instrument by which damage was done without physical contact. Damage caused by
one ship to another ship or property onshore without physical contact could be
either by wash or by creating a situation of danger through a negligent or
hazardous manoeuvre, etc. Lord Diplock specifically referred to property that
was onshore and not on board the offending vessel in the context of damage
that was caused without physical contact.

31 Lastly, the damage lien is founded upon the fault of or breach of duty by
those in control of the ship. It is their negligence in the navigation or
management of the ship (“the navigation criterion”) which results directly or
consequentially in the damage, thereby creating the damage lien which attached
immediately to the offending ship.

32 Lord Diplock in _The Eschersheim_ was not required to consider the precise
meaning of the navigation criterion, but it appears that the test would be
satisfied if the damage was caused as a result of the navigation or management
of the ship, provided that the expression navigation or management is
understood in a physical sense. As Clarke J put it (at 295):

In short, the physical navigation or management of the vessel must cause the
alleged loss or damage and the vessel or part of her must in the physical
sense be … the active cause, the noxious instrument or the instrument of
mischief.

33 Clarke J opined (at 293) that the damage to the _Erkowit_ in the case of
_The Eschersheim_ satisfied all three criteria. In contrast, the facts of _The
Rama_ were different as none of the loss suffered by the defendants was done
or caused by the _Rama_ as a physical object nor was it done by those engaged
in the navigation or management of the ship in the physical sense. Clarke J
was keen to point out that despite his conclusion that the defendants’ claims
did not give rise to a damage lien or satisfy the requirements of s
20(2)(_e_), the defendants’ claims could give rise to a statutory lien under s
20(2)(_h_) of SCA.

The legal position in Singapore

34 I now turn to the question of law in RA 402: Whether the externality
criterion in _The Rama_ should be followed and adopted as a matter of
Singapore law for the purposes of _in rem_ jurisdiction under s 3(1)(_d_) of
HCAJA. It is clear that the legal approach in England and Hong Kong, on the
one hand, and that of Australia and New Zealand, on the other, is different on
this point. In my view, Singapore’s jurisprudence on this point is probably in
line with the laws of England and Hong Kong. Case law from Australia and New
Zealand has applied a wider test to claims for “damage done by a ship” in
respect of “damage” sustained by a person. Let me elaborate.

35 The distinction between “damage” and “damage done by a ship” was noted in
both _The Zeta_ [1893] AC 468 (“ _The Zeta_ ”) and _The Theta_ [1894] P280 (“
_The Theta_ ”). In the latter case, the word “damage” was construed to include
damage to property and personal injury. _The Vera Cruz_ made clear that
“damage” need not be confined to damage to property; it may be damage to
person. However, this conclusion that s 7 of the 1861 Act applied to damage to
persons and things other than ships would not answer the jurisdiction question
as to whether Clarke J’s externality criterion is required to satisfy the
legal character of a claim for damage done by a ship under s 3(1)(_d_) of the
HCAJA.

36 Ms Ang’s objection to the externality criterion was that it was not
supported by principle and authority in that Lord Diplock in _The Eschersheim_
did not actually state that the occurrence of damage must be sustained by a
person or property external to the ship. Ms Ang urged this court to follow and
adopt the proposition enunciated in _The Regis_ , _Union Steamship_ and _The
Margaret Z_ , namely, that damage to property or person does not have to be
external to the ship to satisfy the legal character of damage done by a ship.

37 It is helpful to refer to _Thomas_ for a snapshot of the English position.
_Thomas_ (at para 176) identified the categories of “damage” that is within
the phrase “damage done by ship” which were, amongst others, (a) damage done
by a ship to a person on board another ship and resulting in personal injury
(citing in the footnote cases like _The Zeta_ and _The Theta_); and (b) damage
done by a ship to cargo and property carried on board another ship (citing in
the footnote _The Eschersheim_ and _The Franconia_ (1877) 2 PD 163).

38 Simply put, there is no jurisdiction _in rem_ under English law if property
or person is on board the offending vessel under s 20(2)(_e_) of the SCA. This
is where the threshold inquiry of the externality criterion begins and, on the
undisputed facts, the point is easily disposed of as a question of law.

39 _The Rama’s_ externality criterion was accepted and adopted in _Re Asian
Atlas_ [2008] 3 HKC 169, a decision of Hong Kong Court of Appeal. In that
case, the plaintiff claimed that it be indemnified in the event it was held
liable in the US District Court to the then owners of the _Asian Atlas_ in
respect of the negligence of the compulsory pilots in respect of a collision
between the _Asian Atlas_ and a submarine launchway in the Mississippi as a
result of which the _Asian Atlas_ was damaged. The submarine launchway was
owned by the plaintiff. The appellate court was asked to consider whether the
indemnity claim was a claim for damage done by a ship within the meaning of s
12A(2)(_e_) of the Hong Kong High Court Ordinance (Cap 4) (HK). It held that
the loss to the plaintiff in such a situation would have been caused by, and
directly attributable to, the negligence or fault of the pilots alone. The
_Asian Atlas_ would not have caused loss or damage; the loss or damage
suffered by the plaintiff would have originated from the damage to the ship
herself. As such, Ma CJHC, who delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal,
concluded that the indemnity claim did not come within the ambit of s
12A(2)(_e_).

40 Ma CJHC explained (at [18]):

Of course, a ship can only cause damage through the wrongful acts or omissions
of persons (such as her master and crew), but nevertheless the essence of the
type of claim here is that the relevant damage must be caused by something
done physically or directly by the ship herself in the course of her
navigation or management. _By definition_ , _such damage must be caused to
persons or objects external to the_ [_Asian Atlas_]. In this context,
assistance can be gained from the wording in art 1(1)(a) of [the 1952 Arrest
Convention]: “damage caused by a ship either in collision or otherwise”.

[emphasis added]

41 Although the AJA 1956 was enacted to enable England to ratify the 1952
Arrest Convention, the words “or otherwise” in Article 1(1)(_a_) of the 1952
Arrest Convention was omitted and the wording used s1(1)(_d_) of the AJA 1956
is “any claim for damage done by a ship”. The wording is identical in s
20(2)(_e_) of the SCA and s 3(1)(_d_) of the HCAJA. _Berlingieri on Arrest of
Ships, A commentary on the 1952 and 1999 Arrest Conventions_ (Informa, 5th Ed,
2011) at para 3.38 noted that the words “or otherwise” were seen by the
British Association (in its comments on the preliminary draft of the 1952
Arrest Convention) as designed to cover all those situations where damage is
caused by one ship to another without physical contact, either by wash or by
creating a situation of danger though negligent navigation. Subsequently, Lord
Diplock in _The Eschersheim_ opined that damage done by a ship may occur
without physical contact and in his Lordship’s opinion damage done by a ship
can occur without physical contact and that a ship may negligently cause a
wash by which some other vessel or property on shore is damaged.

42 Lord Diplock’s speech focussed on how damage done by a ship must occur. His
Lordship followed _Currie v M’Knight_ [1897] AC 97 (“ _Currie v M’Knight_ ”)
and said (at 8–9):

The figurative phrase ‘”damage done by a ship” is a term of art in maritime
law whose meaning is well established by authority: _The Vera Cruz_ (1884) 9
PD 96; _Currie v M’Knight_ [1897] AC 97. To fall within the phrase not only
must the damage be the direct result or natural consequence of something done
by those engaged in the _navigation of the ship_ but the ship itself must be
the _actual instrument_ by which the damage was done. The commonest case is
that of collision which is specifically mentioned in [the 1952 Arrest
Convention]: but physical contact between the ship and whatever object
sustains the damage is not essential, a ship may negligently cause a wash by
which some other vessel or some property on shore is damaged.

[emphasis added]

43 In _Currie v M’Knight_ , the crew of the _Dunlossit_ , in order to enable
that ship to put to sea, cut the cables of another vessel, the _Easdale_ with
the result that the _Easdale_ became unmoored and ran aground and sustained
damage. Lord Halsbury LC summarised his opinion as follows (at 101):

But there seems to be to be no connection between the damage to the _Easdale_
and any act or thing done by the crew of the _Dunlossit_. That the act done
was done in order to enable the _Dunlossit_ to start did not make it an act of
the _Dunlossit_. That it was done by the crew of the _Dunlossit_ does not make
it an act of the _Dunlossit_ , and the phrase that it must be the fault of the
ship itself is not a mere figurative expression, but it imports in my opinion
that the ship against which a maritime lien for damages is claimed is the
instrument of mischief, and that in order to establish liability of the ship
itself to the maritime lien claimed some act of navigation of the ship itself
should either mediately or immediately be the cause of the damage.

44 _Thomas_ cited (at footnote 30 on p 106) _The Eshersheim_ and _The
Victoria_ (1887) 12 PD 96 (“ _The Victoria_ ”) in support of the proposition
that damage done by a ship does not include damage or loss to cargo or other
property carried on board the offending vessel. It also does not include
claims for loss of life or personal injury suffered by a person on board the
offending vessel. _The Igor_ [1956] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 271 (“ _The Igor_ ”) was
also cited by _Thomas_ (at p 17) for the proposition that no maritime lien
exists in respect of cargo damage in the carrying vessel. In that case the
plaintiff claimed damage to cargo on board the _Igor_. The vessel was sold
before the writ was issued. Hence, the plaintiff no longer had a statutory
right to proceed in rem against the _Igor_. Justice Wilmer explained that “as
a matter of law” a claim for damage to cargo lately laden on board the _Igor_
was not a claim that gave rise to a maritime lien so as to overcome the change
of ownership problem faced by the plaintiff in that case.

45 It was made clear in two cases -_The Pieve Superiore_ (1874) LR 5 PC 482 (“
_The Pieve Superiore_ ”) and _The Victoria_ \- that the admiralty court’s
jurisdiction to entertain cargo claims is under s 6 and not s 7 of the 1861
Act. Section 6 of the 1861 Act states:

The High Court of Admiralty shall have Jurisdiction over any Claim by the
Owner or Consignee or Assignee of any Bill of Lading of any Goods carried into
any Port in _England_ or _Wales_ in any Ship, for Damage done to the Goods or
any Part thereof by the Negligence or Misconduct of or for any Breach of Duty
or Breach of Contract on the Part of the Owner, Master, or Crew of the Ship,
unless it is shown to the Satisfaction of the Court that at the Time of the
Institution of the Cause any Owner or Part Owner of the Ship is domiciled in
_England_ or _Wales_ : Provided always, that if any such Cause the Plaintiff
do not recover Twenty Pounds he shall not be entitled to any Costs, Charges,
or Expenses incurred by him therein, unless the Judge shall certify that the
Cause was a fit one to be tried in the said Court.

46 In _The Pieve Superiore_ , the plaintiff arrested the vessel, _Pieve
Superiore_ , for damage to a cargo of rice under s 6 of the 1861 Act. It was
alleged that the cargo sustained damage in the vessel. The Lordships opined
that cases of damage done to goods come within the meaning of s 6 but s 6 did
not give the plaintiff a maritime lien against the ship in respect of such a
claim. The object of s 6 was to found a jurisdiction against the owner who was
liable for the damage, and to give security of the ship from the time of the
arrest.

47 I now come to _The Victoria._ The plaintiff in that case was the owner of
cargo on board the _Victoria_. There was a collision between the _Victoria_
and another vessel the _Cervin_. The _Victoria_ was solely to blame for the
collision. The plaintiff arrested the _Victoria_ for damage to cargo. Counsel
for the plaintiff argued that the jurisdiction of the court was invoked under
s 6 and that the damage to cargo was done by a ship within the meaning of s 6.
It was argued that the collision was the cause of the damage and so the damage
was done by the ship. In contrast, counsel for the defendant argued that
actions for damage to cargo were governed by s 6, and that s 7 did not apply
to cargo on board the offending vessel. Butt J agreed with counsel for the
defendant that s 7 applied to damage done by a ship to something with which it
could come into contact, and not to cargo on board. In Butt J’s view, the
wording of s 7 or the intention of the legislature did not extend the court’s
jurisdiction _in rem_ to such a claim. By the same reasoning, s 7 of the 1861
Act would not apply to property on board the offending vessel.

48 For completeness, I should mention that Clarke J noted that the decisions
in _The Zeta_ and _The Theta_ were consistent with the reasoning in _The
Victoria_ that damage to cargo on board a ship is not damage done by the
carrying ship, a point which was treated as self-evident in _The Igor_. Clarke
J relied on these cases to conclude that the externality criterion was
necessary to bring the claim for damage done by a ship within the meaning of s
20(2)(_e_) of the SCA. Furthermore, Clarke J noted the position on the damage
lien was a long held view that was well established and too entrenched in
admiralty jurisprudence to be now questioned. He said (at 298):

If the defendants have a maritime lien here, it is difficult to see why in the
ordinary unseaworthiness case, damage to cargo should not be held to have been
“done” by the carrying ship, yet that has never been held to be the case even
where the damage is caused in a collision. Equally, if the defendants were
right, a charterer would have a maritime lien whenever the owners deviated
from the contractual voyage or failed to deliver the cargo properly, whether
they failed to do so on time, or at all, or did so damaged. Yet such a claim
has never been treated as giving rise to a maritime lien.

49 I now come to the cases on damage to person. As stated, Ms Ang sought to
rely on Australian cases like _The Regis_ and the _Union Steamship_ and the
New Zealand case of _The Margaret Z_. None of these cases deal with damage to
property. They were all personal injury cases based on an interpretation of s
7 of the 1861 Act which did not provide for a claim for personal injury or
fatal accident.

50 I propose to deal with the English case on personal injury first. In _The
Theta_ , the chief officer fell down into a hold because the hatchway was
negligently covered only with a tarpaulin, and suffered injury. On the facts,
there was occurrence of “damage” but it was not “damage done by a ship”
because the ship was not the active cause of the damage, nor was the damage
done by those in charge of the ship with the ship as the instrument of the
mischief. As Clarke J in _The Rama_ observed, Bruce J had said (at 284) that
the damage was done on board the ship, but it was not done by the ship within
the meaning of the expression “damage done by a ship” in s 7 of the 1861 Act.

51 A different position has been taken in Australia and New Zealand. The
plaintiff in _The Regis_ was a passenger on the offending ship and she fell
into the sea because of negligent navigation of those in control. In that
case, the _Regis_ sailed too close to a cruiser and the _Regis_ was forced to
take evasive action by altering course to avoid colliding into the cruiser. In
so doing, the plaintiff fell into the sea. The _Regis_ capsized subsequently
after taking such evasive measures. According to the statement of claim, the
passenger sustained personal injuries and having been in the water, she was
ill for a long time. On the facts alleged in the statement of claim, Dixon J
in the High Court of Australia held that the court had _in rem_ jurisdiction
in that the plaintiff’s claim was for damage done by a ship. It is clear that
the vessel was the direct cause of the harm and the instrument of the
mischief.

52 In the _Union Steamship_ , the injury to the crew member occurred when he
fell into the hold of a ship while assisting the removal of the hatch cover.
The High Court of Australia held that the injury was damage done by a ship
within the meaning of s 7 of the 1861 Act.

53 _The Margaret Z_ (a decision of the High Court, Auckland) also concerned
personal injury to crew members on board the offending ship. Fisher J held,
amongst other things, that (a) the damage in question can be suffered in or on
the ship; and (b) that the activity is not confined to the navigation of the
ship in the usual sense but must involve the active use of the ship or its
gear for one of the purposes for which they were designed or installed. Thus
damage caused by the action of one or more individuals on the ship does not
qualify unless it was effected through the active operation of the ship or its
gear (at 124).

54 Both the courts in _Union Steamship_ and _The Margaret Z_ relied on _The
Minerva_ [1933] P 224, an English case that involved damage to property (and
not personal injury) during cargo operation. In that case, a wire on a derrick
of the _Minerva_ broke causing the elevator it was lifting to fall onto a
barge damaging it. Bateson J held that the damage to the barge was damage done
by a ship because the ship or part of it was the active cause of the damage. I
should point out that _The Minerva_ was queried as persuasive authority for
several reasons:

(a) The decision was doubted in Griffith Price, _The Law on Maritime Liens_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 1940). The author stated at p 42 that in view of the House
of Lords’ decision in _Currie v M’Knight_ : “[i]t does not … seem possible to
arrest a ship if the damage was not done by the vessel as ‘the instrument of
mischief’, and was not the ‘direct and natural consequence of a wrongful act
or manoeuvre’ of the ship” and as such the decision in _The Minerva_ was
doubtful.

(b) Professor William Tetley, _Maritime Liens and Claims_ (International
Shipping Publications, 2nd Ed, 1998) observed in a footnote at p 402 that _The
Minerva_ “ignored” the navigation criterion.

(c) To the extent that the court in _The Minerva_ relied on _The Clara Killam_
(1870) L R 3 A&E 161, the latter case has also been doubted in _The Rama_ as
being inconsistent with _Currie v M’Knight_ (at 294-295).

(d) Finally, Bateson J in _The Minerva_ held that if he was wrong that the
damage involved “damage done by a ship” under s 7 of the 1861 Act, the damage
would still constitute “damage received by a ship” under s 6 of the 1840 Act.

55 Dixon J in _The Regis_ reckoned that the distinction between damage
inflicted by a ship as a thing and damage occurring on or in connection with
the ship and attributable to the negligence of the master or crew as not
damage done by a ship was “artificial” and “unreal” but noted that such a
distinction was nevertheless the turning point of a number of cases (at 698).
However, he viewed the “distinction” as no more than illustrations of the
manner in which the test or “criterion” – damage done by those in charge of a
ship with the ship as the noxious instrument – had been applied. Dixon J
explained (at 700):

But [the cases] show that when the injury arises from some defect in the
condition of the ship considered as premises or as a structure upon which the
person injured is standing, walking or moving, the ship is treated as no more
than a potential danger of a passive kind, a danger to the user, whose use is
the active cause of the injury. But where the injury is the result of the
management or navigation of the ship as a moving object or of the working of
the gear or of some other operation, then the damage is to be regarded as done
by the ship as an active agent or as the “noxious instrument”.

56 The High Court of Australia held in _The Regis_ that it had jurisdiction to
hear a claim by a passenger following the capsizing of the vessel due to an
alleged failure to properly navigate the vessel. On the facts, the passenger
fell overboard because of the evasive action taken by the _Regis_ to avoid
colliding into the cruiser.

57 I make four other points. First, given my comments in [46] and [47] above,
Dixon J’s observation in _The Regis_ that Butt J’s decision in _The Victoria_
was based on an assumption that s 7 of the 1861 Act did not apply to cargo on
board the carrying vessel was incorrect. Dixon J’s attention was not drawn to
_The Pieve Superiore_ and s 6 of the 1861 Act. In this sense, the distinction
noted by Dixon J was not, with respect, “artificial” and “unreal”.

58 Second, in both _The Regis_ and _The Margaret Z_ , the instrumentality
criterion - damage done by those in charge of a ship as the noxious instrument
- was extended to apply to other activity of the ship. In these cases, the
activity of the ship as noxious instrument was extended beyond navigation and
management of the ship as a moving object to other activity on board like
cargo operations that involved working of the ship’s gear independently of the
navigation of the ship. The ship’s activity in _The Eschersheim_ and _The
Rama_ in the context of damage to property was confined to damage caused as a
consequence of negligent navigation. This view would be consistent with the
comment in _Thomas_ at para 176(vi) citing _The Eschersheim_ , that damage
done by the “management” of the ship referred to those aspects of the
management of a ship that touch upon a ship’s efficient and safe navigation.

59 In the context of “navigation” of the ship and the ship as “the instrument
of mischief” in the physical sense, Allsop J in _The Global Peace_ found Dixon
J’s differentiation between the active and passive role of the ship as helpful
in considering a claim for damage to property. In that case, the _Global
Peace_ was attempting to berth with the assistance of a tug. The tug came into
contact with the hull of the _Global Peace_ and caused it to sustain damage.
Oil escaped from the _Global Peace_ and the oil fouled the _Medi Vitoria_ and
the _Nord Stream_ which were berthed nearby. Allsop J agreed that the claim as
put forward answered the description of “damage done by a ship (whether by
collision or otherwise)” within the meaning of s 4(3)(_a_) of the Australian
Admiralty Act 1988 (Cth). Those in charge of the _Global Peace_ , the pilot
and master, failed in their duties in the navigation or management of the ship
in manoeuvring the ship in berthing operations. Although Allsop J recited the
three criteria in _The Rama_ , he found Dixon J’s legal proposition helpful
and applied it to the facts of the case, that is to say, the damage to the
other vessel, _Medi Vitoria_ , was the result of the navigation or management
of the _Global Peace_ as a moving object in her berthing or some other
operation in her berthing (see [88]). The jurisdiction _in rem_ was simply
attracted by the claim answering the description in s 4(3)(_a_). Allsop J was
concerned with the navigation criterion and not the extension of the ship’s
activity to other non-navigational matters.

60 Third, Windeyer J in _Union Steamship_ found himself (in the court below)
bound by the principles in _The Regis_. If it was not the case, he would have
come to a different conclusion on the point. I have to say that I do agree
with his remarks (at 202):

I must say that the validity of the proposition that anyone who is in any way
hurt by the negligent operation of some part of a ship’s equipment has a cause
of action in the Admiralty jurisdiction of this Court is to me surprising and
seriously far-reaching if it means that all industrial accidents occurring by
the negligent use of any of a ship’s equipment in the loading or unloading of
cargo in Australian ports are within the original jurisdiction of this Court.
I still have some doubts whether all such accidents are properly described as
“damage done by the ship”.

61 Fourth, there appears to be no case in New Zealand that followed _The
Margaret Z._ Mr Paul Myburgh, now Deputy Director of the NUS Law’s Centre of
Maritime Law, commenting on _The Margaret Z_ in an article in the New Zealand
Law Review (see Paul Myburgh, Shipping Law [1999] NZLR 387) said (and I agree
with Mr Myburgh’s observations) that Fisher J’s findings that the injured
person or damaged object need not be “external to the ship” to attract a
damage lien are controversial and went on to caution extending the ambit of
damage lien beyond existing precedents. Mr Myburgh said (at 400):

… Fisher J seems to have opened up the possibility of an entirely new category
of maritime lien, which could turn established expectations, interests and
priorities on their heads. Cargo claims have traditionally occupied a humble
place in the rank and file of statutory rights of actions in rem. If they were
to meet Fisher J’s criteria and attract damage lien status, they would enjoy a
very high priority, displacing all statutory rights of action in rem, ship
mortgages and prior maritime liens.

62 Contrary to Ms Ang’s contention, I do not regard _The Northern Challenger
(No 2)_ , an unreported judgment of Williams J dated 17 September 2001,
AD7-SW2000 (High Court of New Zealand, Auckland Registry) (“ _The Northern
Challenger_ ”), as a case that followed _The Margaret Z_. The decision in _The
Northern Challenger_ turned on fault of the independent contractor for whose
negligence or wrongful act the owner of the _Northern Challenger_ could not be
made liable and was not damage “done by” a ship. In that case, debris from
cutting and grinding of guard-rails on the _Northern Challenger_ was blown
over and across the wharf onto the _Ultimate Lady_ berthed there causing
damage to her paintwork.

63 The better view is that the personal injury cases from Australia and New
Zealand do not provide the legal basis to extend the jurisdictional ambit of s
3(1)(_d_) to loss or damage to property that was carried on board the
offending vessel. Nothing in the modern admiralty law of Singapore has changed
existing English legal precedents on the ambit of a damage lien as well as the
jurisdictional ambit of a claim for damage done by a ship that was founded by
case law on s 6 and s 7 of the 1861 Act (see [46] and [47] above), at least in
the context of damage to cargo or property on board the offending ship. Hence,
the phrase “damage done by a ship” does not include damage or loss to cargo or
other property carried on board the offending vessel.

64 For the reasons stated above, the externality criterion pronounced by
Clarke J in _The Rama_ is supported by principle and authority. As a matter of
Singapore law, I hold that the externality criterion, along with the other two
criteria set out in _The Rama_ , is a consideration to be taken into account
in establishing jurisdiction _in rem_ under s 3(1)(_d_) of HCAJA.

Sinking of Phu Tan on 16 December 2010

65 The _Phu Tan_ sank on 16 December 2010 with all containers on board. On
these undisputed facts, there is no jurisdiction _in rem_ under s 3(1)(_d_) in
that the externality criterion of _The Rama_ test was absent in this case.

66 Furthermore, on the facts alleged to support the jurisdiction issue, no
other vessel or object was involved. The _Phu Tan_ sank as a result of the
negligent management of the _Phu Tan_ by those in charge of the _Phu Tan’s_
safe navigation in bad weather that was not unexpected. Those on board and in
charge of the _Phu Tan_ were unable to prevent damage _to_ the _Phu Tan_ (and
not damage done _by_ the _Phu Tan_). The sinking of the _Phu Tan_ was damage
sustained by the ship; the loss of the containers on board the _Phu Tan_ as
carrying ship was not something with which the _Phu Tan_ could have come in
contact directly in a physical sense, or indirectly by reason of the
unseaworthiness of the carrying vessel. Unseaworthiness of the carrying vessel
of itself would not clear the threshold test of damage done by a ship for the
purpose of jurisdiction _in rem_. The total loss of the containers was the
result of damage done _to_ the _Phu Tan_.

67 A related issue that arose at the hearing was the admissibility of the
Investigation Conclusion No 256/BCDT-CVHHP dated 15 March 2011 (“the
Investigation Conclusion”). Mr Tay argued that the jurisdictional facts needed
for s 3(1)(_d_) was not proved to the requisite standard of proof so as to
cross the jurisdictional fact threshold. It was contended that Hung Dao had
not met the standard of proof in that jurisdictional facts had to be
established on a balance of probability, and the Investigation Conclusion was
hearsay evidence which was not admissible and hence there is no evidence
before the court to prove the relevant jurisdiction facts. The defendant
raised this issue in order to stop Hung Dao from relying on the Investigation
Conclusion that attributed the sinking of the _Phu Tan_ with loss of lives and
property to negligent navigation and management of the _Phu Tan_ in bad
weather that was expected enroute.

68 Ms Ang pointed out that the AR admitted in evidence the Investigation
Conclusion on 31 October 2013 after hearing arguments and there was no appeal
against that decision. The AR’s Notes of Arguments dated 31 October 2013 read:

I will allow [Plaintiff’s Counsel] to submit on the report. I see no
difference in the manner in which Defendants seek to rely on the 9 May 2011
letter issued by the Port Authority and Plaintiffs’ reliance on the report.
[Plaintiff’s Counsel] will however not be allowed to give interpretation on
the technical/engineering aspects of the report.

69 I agree with Ms Ang that Mr Tay cannot be allowed to “blow hot and cold”.
He should not be allowed to object to Ms Ang’s reliance on the Investigation
Conclusion that was produced by the defendant in its expert’s affidavit seeing
that the defendant was relying heavily on hearsay evidence in the form of the
letter of 9 May 2011 (“the 9 May Letter”), and on this hearsay issue, what is
sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander. Notably, the summons proceeded
before the AR without either side seeking to cross-examine witnesses on
disputed jurisdictional facts contained in documents exhibited in affidavits.
It seems to me that the parties were prepared to rely on their affidavits for
this challenge under O 12 r 7. At this stage, the court is concerned with
jurisdictional matters (whether of fact or of law) and not with the strength
of Hung Dao’s claim on the merits, _ie_ , non-jurisdictional matters of fact
or law such as defences to the claim which are substantive matters for trial.

70 Ms Ang cites _The “Nasco Gem”_ [2014] 2 SLR 63 where the Court of Appeal
clarified that an application to set aside a warrant of arrest was an
interlocutory application within the meaning of para (_e_) of the Fifth
Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed). She
argued that it follows that it was permissible under O 41 r 5(2) to rely on
hearsay evidence contained in affidavits used in interlocutory proceedings.
This proposition does not detract from or alter the standard of proof required
in an application made under O 12 r 7 of the ROC.

71 Before moving on, I want to first mention the general observations of
Brandon J in _The Myrto_ [1977] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 243 at 245 which are instructive
even though Brandon J was not dealing with a jurisdictional challenge. In that
case, the charterers applied for an order to release the ship from arrest on
the ground that the arrest of the ship by the bank was and continued to be an
unlawful interference with the contractual rights of the charterers. The
application was resisted by the bank. Brandon J remarked (at 245–256):

The charterer’s application raises questions of fact and law. In these
circumstances it might in theory have been desirable, in order to enable such
application to be decided as justly as possible, and despite its interlocutory
nature, to have directed issues to be tried in it, with pleadings and
discovery, and to have oral evidence in relation to such issues. In practice,
however, because of the need to have the application decided as quickly as
reasonably possible, it has been necessary, with agreement of all parties
concerned, for it to be heard and determined in a summary manner on affidavits
and limited to documentary evidence only.

Even so the hearing of the applications occupied the best part of eight days
between Feb.10 and 25. The great length of time so spent was attributable in
part to the fact that it was necessary for additional affidavit and
documentary evidence to be put in piecemeal throughout the hearing as the
points of conflict between the parties became more clearly defined…

…

While it is necessary for me, in the course of this judgment, to make numerous
findings of fact with regard to the past history of the case and to the recent
and present state of affairs with regard to it, it is important to stress that
these findings are based only on the affidavit and documentary evidence to
which I have referred, are made solely for the purpose of these interlocutory
applications, and will not accordingly be in any way binding or final for the
purposes of any trial of this or any other action between the parties which
may take place later.

72 The Investigation Conclusion was introduced in evidence by the defendant in
its expert’s affidavit. It is not disputed that the same document was relied
upon in its defence in Vietnamese proceedings. Given what had transpired
before the AR, it was clear that the parties were willing to have the
challenge under O 12 r 7 determined on affidavits and documents. I accept Ms
Ang’s submissions that the defendant in choosing to deal with the
jurisdictional fact via affidavit evidence, cannot complain that the evidence
to prove the jurisdictional fact has been adduced by way of affidavit evidence
that complied with O 41 r 5(2). The real question now in this case is whether
the weight of such evidence will cross the jurisdictional fact threshold.

73 Ms Ang relied on the defendant’s own reading of the Investigation
Conclusion based on the defence (known as a Letter of Explanation) it had
filed in the Vietnamese proceedings at para 2.4:[note: 1]

Furthermore, according to the Investigation Conclusion No 256, the proximate
cause of the sinking incident of _M/V “Phu Tan”_ is determined and concluded
as follows:

_“M.V. “Phu Tan”_ navigating in the very bad weather condition in combination
with the inaccurate calculation of the vessel stability condition by the
crewmembers in not determining the actual cargo quantity carried on board and
water quantity in the ballast tank, _M.V_. “ _Phu Tan”_ was listed. _M.V_.
_“Phu Tan”_ was further affected by the moment of FSE from the ballast tanks
on board, impact of more and more increasing wave and wind. This caused the
vessel continue to list and the cargo shifting.” (Page 23 of the Investigation
Conclusion No 256) A copy of the Investigation Conclusion No 256 is attached
herewith in Addendum 1.

[emphasis in italics in original removed]

74 I do not propose to set out the specific matters in the Investigation
Conclusion that are relied on by Ms Ang in entirety. The defendant’s reading
of the Investigation Conclusion is good enough (see [73] above). Suffice to
say that I agree with Ms Ang that the 9 May Letter did not reject the
Investigation Conclusion. What the 9 May Letter did was to attribute the
proximate cause of the loss of the _Phu Tan_ to the bad weather, and the
defendant’s reliance on the 9 May Letter in the proceedings here was a stand
that was inconsistent in the Letter of Explanation. Be that as it may, in my
view, the proximate cause of the loss (whether the sinking was due to
unseaworthiness of the ship based on the contents of the Investigation
Conclusion or unexpected bad weather encountered enroute) was a non-
jurisdictional matter. For the sake of argument, even if the matters in the
Investigation Conclusion can be considered as “within jurisdiction” in the
sense that they can answer the description of s 3(1)(_d_), it does not matter
at this stage that allegation of the ship’s unseaworthiness as the proximate
cause is weak for that is another separate issue on the merits that is left to
trial. A useful and apposite reminder is the observation of Brandon J in _The
Moschanthy_ [1971] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 37 (at 42):

[The question as to whether the court has jurisdiction to entertain the claim
in rem] must … be answered by reference to the nature of the plaintiff’s claim
as put forward, without reference to the further point whether it is likely to
succeed or not.

75 Brandon J’s view was equally shared by Allsop J in _The Global Peace_ at
[89]. On the jurisdiction issue, I have already explained earlier why this
case does not satisfy the test for a claim for damage done by a ship.

Conclusion on jurisdiction issue

76 For the reasons stated, Hung Dao’s claim does not satisfy the legal
character as described in s 3 (1)(_d_) of the HCAJA for the purpose of the _in
rem_ jurisdiction of this court.

Striking out issue: Defence of time bar

77 The defendant raised the defence of time bar as a basis to strike out the
action. It was argued that the claim was time barred since the writ was filed
more than two years after the ship sank.

78 Ms Ang explained that Hung Dao’s claim has been widely framed and includes
a claim for loss, damage and/or expenses arising out or relating to the loss
of 111 containers caused by, _inter alia_ , the negligent navigation and/or
management of the _Phu Tan_ resulting in the containers being lost when the
Phu Tan sank on or around 16 December 2010. Hung Dao therefore disputes that:
(a) the claim was subject to a two-year time bar; and (b) there is a two-year
time bar from the date of the sinking.

79 It was common ground that the substantive claims and defences raised were
subject to Vietnamese law. The defendant’s expert on Vietnamese law was Mr Ly
Quang Long (“Mr Ly”) and Hung Dao’s expert on Vietnamese law was Mr Luu Tien
Dzung (“Mr Dzung”).

80 According to Hung Dao’s expert, Mr Dzung, there is no limitation period
under Vietnamese law for Hung Dao’s claim which is for the return of the
containers or for compensation in lieu. Even if Hung Dao’s claim is based on
contract, the claim was not time barred in that the limitation period of two
years only ran from the date the rights were infringed and not from the date
of the sinking of the _Phu Tan_. Mr Dzung opined that Hung Dao’s contractual
rights were infringed on 3 April 2012 and the claim in contract would only be
time barred on 3 April 2014, which is a date well after the writ in this case
was issued on 4 June 2013. In the case of a non-contractual claim, Mr Dzung
opined that whilst on its own the two years in respect of such a claim would
run from the date of the sinking, where such a claim is brought together with
a claim in contract, the non-contractual claim will be based on the same
computation of time as the claim in contract. As such, the claim was not time
barred on 4 June 2013.

81 Mr Tay submitted that based on Mr Ly’s opinion, the defendant has a
complete defence of time bar in relation to the action in Singapore. Moreover,
Mr Ly’s expert opinion should be preferred since Mr Dzung’s expert opinion may
be viewed as subjective, inconsistent, unreliable and even wrong.

82 The AR characterised the question as whether it is plain and obvious that
Hung Dao’s claim commenced on 4 June 2013 is legally unsustainable because as
a matter of fact it is already time-barred under Vietnamese law. I agree with
the AR that the experts had: (a) based their opinion on the facts advised to
them not only by the parties but gathered from documents and correspondence
between the parties; and (b) provided opposing views based on their respective
interpretation of various articles in the Vietnamese Civil Code (Articles 427,
490.1 and 303.1), Commercial law (Article 271.2), Supplemental Civil Procedure
Code (Article 159.3), and Article 23.3(b) of the Resolution 3 of the
Resolution of the Justices’ Council of the Supreme People's Court no.
03/2012/NQ-HDTP. In addition, each expert arrived at a different viewpoint of
the nature of Hung Dao’s claim and the relief that it sought. I agree with the
AR that it was not possible to decide, at this summary stage, in favour of one
expert’s interpretation and opinion over the other. Notably, the defendant
continued to pay hire for the containers even after the containers were lost
and what effect the payments would have on the time bar point would have to be
decided in light of the defendant’s assertion that the payments were honest
mistakes which Hung Dao seriously doubted. Equally, relevant to the time bar
point is the related question as to whether the subject payments were in the
nature of hire or compensation for the containers that were lost. Attempts by
Mr Tay to question Mr Dzung’s competency at this stage would not improve the
defendant’s case for a summary striking out of the action. The alleged
credibility of the expert witness is to be tested under cross-examination. For
all these reasons, the defendant has not shown that Hung Dao’s claim is time
barred and, hence, it cannot be said that the action is plainly and obviously
unsustainable.

Non-disclosure of material facts to justify setting aside of the warrant of
arrest

83 The AR dealt with the complaints of non-disclosure raised by the defendants
and dismissed all of them. I should mention that Hung Dao’s Registrar’s Appeal
No 403 of 2014 (“RA 403”) was adjourned pending the determination of RA 402.
Ms Ang had informed the court that Hung Dao would make a decision as to
whether to proceed with RA 403 after RA 402 is decided. The non-disclosure
complaints appear to overlap in RA 402 and RA 403. However, counsel confirmed
that the defendant’s complaints of material non-disclosure in RA 402 were
directed at the claim brought under s 3(1)(_l_) alone. Ms Ang helpfully
confirmed in her letter of 5 October 2015 that no issue of material non-
disclosure arises in RA 403.

84 The law on non-disclosure of material facts in the context of an _ex-parte_
application for a warrant of arrest is now settled. It has been
comprehensively set out in the AR’s decision at [94] to [100] and it is not
necessary to repeat the duty of full and frank disclosure in this judgment.

85 Having concluded that the defence of time bar cannot be viewed as a
“knockout blow” on the merits in the context of an abuse of the arrest process
(see _The “Eagle Prestige”_ [2010] 3 SLR 294), the complaint - that there was
non-disclosure of the time bar defence to Assistant Registrar Teo Guan Kee
(“AR Teo”) who heard the application for leave to issue the warrant of arrest
- is a non-starter.

86 Mr Tay confirmed that the defendant is no longer raising the defence of
_force majeure_. Consequently, the complaint of non-disclosure in relation to
this defence falls away.

87 As the AR pointed out, underpinning the defendant’s broad complaint of non-
disclosure was its case theory that since Hung Dao could not bring itself
within test in _The “River Rima”_ [1988] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 193 (“ _The River Rima_
”) for a claim under s 3(1)(_l_) of the HCAJA, it concocted a case to meet the
requirements of _The River Rima_ by introducing false documents and misleading
statements in the arrest affidavit. Furthermore, the defendant argued that
Hung Dao proceeded under subsections (_d_) and (_g_) of s 3(1) of the HCAJA
knowing that there was no basis to arrest the _Vinalines Pioneer_ under these
limbs. Ms Ang rejected Mr Tay’s submissions. She saw the defendant as
embarking on what it insisted was Hung Dao’s case and then arguing that based
on such a claim (as envisaged by the defendant) Hung Dao had failed to give
full and frank disclosure. She argued that there was no need for Hung Dao to
“falsify documents or concoct facts to bring [the claim] within _The River
Rima_ or to avoid reference to _The River Rima_ ”.[note: 2] She pointed out
that _The River Rima_ was not applicable based on the facts of the present
case and as such there was no reason for Hung Dao to bring itself within _The
River Rima_. Hung Dao’s case (whether rightly or wrongly) was premised on _The
“Bass Reefer”_ [1992] FCA 378 (“ _The Bass Reefer_ ”).

88 Despite the controversy, I do not think that this so called case theory
should be realistically and rightly pursued as a non-disclosure issue.
Notably, the defendant had chosen to pitch its arguments from the viewpoint
that Hung Dao had formulated a dishonest basis upon which to cause an arrest
of the _Vinalines Pioneer_. This was a very serious accusation that required
cogent evidence of dishonesty and it is not something that the court is able
to summarily resolve on contested facts because whether a particular fact is
material or not for purposes of the duty to disclose is arguably so bound up
with the merits of the claim that are in issue in the action. As explained in
_Treasure Valley Group Ltd v Saputra Teddy and another (Ultramarine Holdings
Ltd, intervener)_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 358 at [35]:

… Here, a finding of bad faith or material non-disclosure depends upon proof
of facts that are themselves in issue in the action and inextricably
connected. Correspondingly, to establish whether a fact is material and hence
ought to be disclosed, those particular contested facts would have to be
resolved.

89 I now come to examine the nature of the defendant’s allegations of material
facts that were not disclosed to AR Teo. For the reasons set out, the
complaints of non-disclosure were without merit.

90 Initially, two affidavits affirmed by Mr Tran Van Hung (“Mr Tran”) were
filed in support of the arrest. The first affidavit contained the details of
the claim and the grounds for arrest. The second affidavit exhibited the
affidavit of Mr Vo Nhat Thang, Hung Dao’s first Vietnamese law expert,
relating to s 4(4) of the HCAJA and the _locus standi_ of Hung Dao to bring
the claim. It has since transpired that the defendant accepted that, for the
purposes of the hearing below and RA 402, the defendant was the contracting
party of the Container Lease Agreement dated 1 June 2010 (“the 2010 CLC”). I
refer to Ms Ang’s submissions of 20 January 2015 explaining the circumstances
leading to Mr Tran’s third affidavit for the arrest. Ms Ang wrote (at [266]):

Mr Tran Van Hung’s 3rd affidavit - It transpired during the hearing that there
was an error in the extract of the Container Loading List as the container
numbers highlighted in red did not add up to the 111 Containers as the
Plaintiff had omitted to highlight two of the container numbers in red. AR Teo
requested that this be rectified. This was done and attached to Mr Tran’s 3rd
affidavit (**VH’s 3 rd**). In the course of preparing this affidavit, however,
the Plaintiff noticed that there were a few missing pages in the 2010 CLC
document exhibited to Mr Tran’s first affidavit. Accordingly, he took the
opportunity to annex the complete document with the complete certified
translation as well to his 3rd affidavit

91 As Ms Ang highlighted in her submissions, the oversight was not material
and AR Teo granted the warrant of arrest on Hung Dao’s undertaking to file a
further affidavit to highlight the two containers in the list which formed
part of the 111 containers.[note: 3] This was Mr Tran’s third affidavit.

Paragraph 20 of Mr Tran’s first affidavit and the Container Loading List
therein referred to

92 Paragraph 20 of Mr Tran’s first affidavit reads:

Some time in December 2010, the Plaintiffs supplied 111 containers to the
Defendants pursuant to the Container Lease Contract for carriage on board to
the Defendants’ vessel “PHU TAN” (the “Vessel”) at Ho Chi Minh for carriage to
Hai Phong. A copy of the Container Loading List provided by the Tan Thuan Port
record database evidencing the shipment of the 111 containers on board the
Vessel is annexed hereto at [Tab 10]. [emphasis in bold in original removed]

93 The defendant claimed that paragraph 20 of Mr Tran’s first arrest affidavit
was false for the following reasons:

(a) 111 containers had been supplied to the defendant before December 2010 and
not sometime in December 2010;

(b) The bulk of the 111 containers were supplied to the defendant under an
earlier container leasing agreement in 2006;

(c) There was no written agreement between the parties from 2008 up to the
execution of the 2010 CLC.

94 Ms Ang explained that the only contract that was in force for the hire of
the 111 containers was the 2010 CLC and that the 2006 Agreement to which the
defendant referred to had expired in 2007. Furthermore, the defendant had
acknowledged in its letter of 10 March 2011 that the 111 containers were
leased under the 2010 CLC and the 111 containers were on board the _Phu Tan_.
That same letter of 10 March 2011 was drawn to AR Teo’s attention as recorded
in his Notes of Arguments.

95 I find the defendant’s complaint to be trivial and there was nothing
reasonably lacking in materiality to the issue of the warrant of arrest. Of
significance to the claim under s 3(1)(_d_) was the fact that all 111
containers were on board the _Phu Tan_ when she sank in December 2010 and that
the containers were leased to the defendant. It was not necessary for AR Teo
to know the date of the lease and date when the hire started, whether it was
under an earlier or later contract or that the containers were taken by the
defendant at Hung Dao’s container depot and thereafter deployed on their
ships.

96 As for the Container Loading List, it was alleged that the document was
false. For this assertion, the defendant produced a letter from one Mr Mai Van
Cu who said that he did not supply the Container Loading List on the _Phu Tan_
to Hung Dao. Mr Mai Van Cu was purportedly a director of the Tan Thuan port
authorities. In contrast, Mr Tran’s first affidavit showed that Hung Dao’s
operation manager received the Container Loading List from the Tan Thuan Port
Container Operation Department. Hung Dao had relied on this document to show
that the 111 containers were on board the _Phu Tan_ when she sank on 16
December 2010. I do not see where the defendant’s authenticity allegation
would take its argument seeing that it was not a disputed fact that the _Phu
Tan_ sank with the same 111 containers on board. The defendant’s own letter of
10 March 2011 in which it mentioned that 111 containers were lost in the
sinking of _Phu Tan_ corresponded to the list in the Container Loading List.

Paragraph 64 of Mr Tran’s first affidavit

97 Paragraph 64 of Mr Tran’s first affidavit reads:

On 21 February 2013 at 9.59pm, the Plaintiffs responded to state that the
proof is in the “Leasing Container Agreement and the Equipment Interchange
Receipt (EIR)” [Tab 35]. I attach by way of example a copy of one of many EIRs
together with the booking order from VCSC requesting us to supply containers
for loading on “PHU TAN” for carriage from Tan Thuan, Ho Chi Minh to Hai Phong
[Tab 35(l)]. This shows that we supplied the containers and that the
Defendants received it. [emphasis in bold in original removed]

98 The defendant’s argument on the statements in paragraph 64 of Mr Tran’s
first affidavit was simply that they were false statements designed to advance
Hung Dao’s argument that the EIRs referred to the _Phu Tan_ and the containers
were specifically supplied to the _Phu Tan_. In reality, so the argument was
developed, the booking order would match the corresponding EIR by the name of
the ship in question, and booking orders and other EIRs that were subsequently
produced showed that there were seven different ships mentioned in these
documents. In other words, the _Phu Tan_ was not the only ship that the
defendant had sent the containers to.

99 Ms Ang pointed out that Mr Tay’s contention was the product of a skewed
reading of paragraph 64 around which he developed his allegation of non-
disclosure. The AR was right to accept Ms Ang’s explanation that paragraph 64
must be read together with paragraphs 63 and 65 of the same affidavit and the
purpose of paragraph 64 was to respond to an e-mail sent from Hung Dao to the
defendant’s earlier e-mail query for proof of ownership of the containers. The
last sentence of paragraph 64 confirmed Hung Dao’s position: “This shows that
we supplied the container and that the Defendants received it.” I do not doubt
the AR’s comment that Mr Tay’s contention was far-fetched.

False translation of the 2010 CLC

100 Hung Dao’s translation of the 2010 CLC was disputed by the defendant. The
defendant’s contention of “false translation” related to Article 1.1. It was
contended that the phrase “In Party A’s possession” should have been
translated as “owned by Party A” and the phrase “Party B’s ships” should have
been translated as either “by sea mode by Party B” or “on sea routes of Party
B”.

101 Once again, the defendant accused Hung Dao of falsehood, and this time of
“false translation” of Article 1.1 of the 2010 CLC that appeared in the
affidavit leading the arrest. The AR observed that underpinning the
defendant’s contention of “false translation” was the suspicion that that Hung
Dao had deliberately procured a false translation of Article 1.1 of the 2010
CLC to mislead the court into allowing an arrest under s 3(1)(_l_) of the
HCAJA. I agree that there was no basis for this barefaced accusation. It seems
to me that the defendant has no qualms using the word “false” regardless of
context, circumstance and proof. On this matter, translators were involved and
who would the defendant be accusing? The translator, Hung Dao or both of them?
I agree with the AR that there was nothing before him to doubt the reliability
of any of the three official certified translations. Hung Dao’s translation in
English and the defendant’s two translations in English were all, on the face
of it, official certified translation produced by the Justice Office of Binh
Hanh District. Variations in the English translations are plausible and can
occur and as the AR rightly observed (at [56] of the AR’s decision), the
differences in translations was a reflection of the absence of exactitude
inherent in the process of translating different languages. The AR concluded
that the phrases that the containers were to be use “by sea mode by Party B”
or “on sea routes of Party B” could conceivably express and support the idea
that the containers were to be supplied for use on party B’s ships. There was
no objective evidence before the AR that the containers were used for the
carriage of goods on containers overland or put on vessels that belonged to
others especially since the documentary evidence before the AR showed that the
containers were used on the defendant’s ships.

Jurisdiction clause in the 2010 CLC

102 The defendant argued that the jurisdiction clause in the 2010 CLC and the
defendant’s letter dated 10 March 2011 to Hung Dao (identified in arguments as
p 137 of Mr Tran’s first affidavit) were not disclosed to AR Teo. Firstly,
there was no factual basis for this complaint as AR Teo’s Notes of Arguments
recorded:

PC:… Pg 137 of 1st affidavit is a document showing that 111 containers
belonging to the [Plaintiff] were lost.

[Goes through paragraphs 4 to 99 of 1st affidavit and exhibits]

103 The text of Mr Tran’s first affidavit at paragraph 12 sets out the
jurisdiction clause in the 2010 CLC. As can be seen from AR Teo’s Notes of
Arguments, paragraph 12 would have been raised to AR Teo.

104 More to the point, the defendant did not explain why the jurisdiction
clause was a material fact that should be brought to AR Teo’s attention and
how it would affect his decision whether or not to grant the warrant of
arrest.

Non-disclosure of matters relating to the plaintiff’s claims under s 3(1)(d),
(g) and (l) of the HCAJA and deliberately avoiding The River Rima

105 The defendant’s complaint under this heading is that the legal authorities
on the specific limbs of s 3(1) that Hung Dao intended to rely on were not
brought to AR Teo’s attention. The defendant’s written submissions of 19
January 2015 said that cases like _The River Rima and The Bass Reefer_ ought
to have been cited to AR Teo but instead _The “Alexandrea”_ [2002] 1 SLR(R)
812, which was an irrelevant case, was raised.[note: 4] From the AR’s
decision, the defendant appeared to have expanded on the complaints beyond the
written submissions. The additional allegations related to the claim brought
under subsections (_d_) and (_g_) of s 3(1). It was alleged that AR Teo was
not informed that s 3(1)(_d_) did not cover claims against the carrying vessel
and that s 3(1)(_g_) was for claims in relation to cargo and that the
containers were not cargo but equipment.

106 It is worth noting that the duty to disclose relates to facts that are
material to the application to issue the warrant of arrest. The arrest
affidavits should contain material facts and the exhibits provide supporting
evidence. Disclosure of facts that are material has to be contrasted with the
citation of authorities for legal propositions. At the _ex-parte_ hearing, a
plaintiff has to show an arguable case on the law that it is entitled to
invoke the court’s admiralty jurisdiction (see _The “Bunga Melati 5”_ [2012] 4
SLR 546 (“ _The Bunga Melati_ (CA)”) at [111] on the legal standard of an
arguable case). VK Rajah JA in _The Bunga Melati_ (CA) clarified (at [94])
that the appellate court in _The “Vasiliy Golovnin”_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 at
[50]-[52] did not intend to lay down an additional merits requirement to the
test prescribed in _St Elefterio_ [1957] P 179 when applying for a warrant of
arrest.

107 Ms Ang accepted that if an unsustainable legal proposition is used to
contend that the court has admiralty jurisdiction, it would be “material” to
inform the court of that legal position.[note: 5] I would characterise this
latter obligation to inform as an obligation that is part and parcel of
counsel’s duty as an officer of the court and it would be a serious matter for
counsel to deliberately mislead the court. It seems to me that the defendant
has conflated the duty of full and frank disclosure that is required of the
applicant in an _ex- parte_ application with counsel’s duty as an officer of
the court. I need not say more about the defendant’s misapplication of the
duty of full and frank disclosure of material facts except that with little or
no evidence of bad faith, the defendant unleashed a baseless attack which
amounted to accusing opposing counsel of overstating Hung Dao’s case to
deliberately mislead the court. The defendant characterised its case as “iron
clad” with nothing to be said for the other side. Even though I did not rule
in Hung Dao’s favour on the claim for damage done by a ship under s 3(1)(_d_),
the legal position in England and Australia were not in step and it was open
to Ms Ang to adopt the Australian view and to seek to persuade the court to do
likewise.

Conclusion

108 In summary, I find as follows:

(a) the claim for damage done by a ship under s 3(1)(_d_) of the HCAJA is not
made out;

(b) the defence of limitation is not factually and legally unsustainable so as
to warrant a striking out of the writ and action summarily; and

(c) there was no breach of duty to disclose material facts as alleged by the
defendant.

109 There are two remaining issues left in RA 402: damages for wrongful arrest
and costs. It is sensible to defer these issues until RA 403 is disposed of.
Counsel for the Hung Dao is to write to the Registry to restore RA 403 for
hearing.

* * *

[note: 1]Ly Quang Long’s Affidavit dated 16 July 2013, at p 92.

[note: 2]Plaintiff’s submissions dated 20 January 2015, para 277.

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 20 January 2015, para 273.

[note: 4]Defendant’s written submissions dated 19 January 2015, paras 193 to
194.

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s submissions dated 20 January 2015, paras 327 and 329.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

