Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  CIFG Special Assets Capital I Ltd (formerly known as Diamond Kendall Ltd)
_v_ Polimet Pte Ltd and others  
[2015] SGHC 325

Case Number| :| Suit No 758 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeal No 232 of 2015)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 December 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Shivani d/o Sivasagthy Retnam and Ben Mathias Tan (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Tan Chee Meng SC, Alvin Lim Xian Yong and
Sngeeta Rai (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  CIFG SPECIAL ASSETS CAPITAL I LTD (formerly known as Diamond
Kendall Limited) — POLIMET PTE LTD — LEE SIN PENG — ANDY HO — ONG PUAY KOON —
YAP TIEN SUNG — CHRIS CHIA WOON LIAT — YEO KAR PENG  
  
23 December 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the entire decision of the Assistant Registrar
(“the AR”) made on 30 July 2015 in Summons No 1632 of 2015, ordering that the
plaintiff disclose documents and written communications between itself and its
solicitors, Messrs Richard Wee & Yip (“RWY”), in relation to an unsigned
agreement in 2011 (“the Documents”). The AR awarded costs of $5000 (excluding
reasonable disbursements) to be paid by the plaintiff to the defendants.

2 RWY is a law firm in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Mr Yip Huen Weng (“Mr Yip”) is
an advocate and solicitor of the High Court of Malaya and a partner of
RWY.[note: 1] There is no suggestion that Mr Yip has been called to the bar in
Singapore or that he holds a Singapore practising certificate. The relevance
of this point will become clearer below.

3 Central to this appeal are the issues of (a) whether the Documents are
relevant for disposing fairly of the matter and/or for saving costs; and (b)
whether the Documents are cloaked with legal professional privilege.

Background

The parties

4 The plaintiff, CIFG Special Assets Capital I Ltd (“CIFG”), is a private
company incorporated in Mauritius.[note: 2] It was set up as a special purpose
vehicle by Kendall Court Mezzanine (Asia) Fund 1 LP (“Kendall Court”) for the
purpose of entering into Convertible Bond Subscription Agreements (“CBSAs”)
with the defendants.[note: 3] It is worth noting that CIFG was formerly known
as Diamond Kendall Limited and most of the material events took place prior to
the change of name. To be clear, references to “the plaintiff” will include
both CIFG and its previous incarnation, Diamond Kendall Limited.

5 The first defendant, Polimet Pte Ltd (“Polimet”), is a private limited
company incorporated in Singapore.[note: 4] It is in the business of, _inter
alia_ , manufacturing lead-in wires and cold formed components for the glass
diodes and semiconductor industry.[note: 5] The second to fifth defendants
were the initial shareholders of Polimet. At present, the second defendant,
Lee Sin Peng (“Ms Lee”), is a director of Polimet. I note that the second to
fifth defendants are Malaysians.

6 The third parties, Chris Chia Woon Liat (“Mr Chia”) and Yeo Kar Peng (“Ms
Yeo”), were the plaintiff’s former nominee directors in Polimet.[note: 6] They
were directors of Polimet from 5 October 2007 to 21 September 2012, and 5
October 2007 to 26 March 2012 respectively.[note: 7] The third parties were
the representatives of Kendall Court in the negotiations leading up to the
CBSAs entered into between the plaintiff and the defendants.[note: 8] After
the plaintiff was formed, the third parties were also the plaintiff’s
representatives in all matters related to and arising out of the CBSAs.[note:
9]

The agreements

7 In October 2007, the parties entered into a Convertible Bond Subscription
Agreement dated 5 October 2007 (“2007 CBSA”) by which Polimet issued a
convertible bond with a redemption value of US$8,333,333 (subsequently
increased to US$9,166,667) and the plaintiff subscribed for the full amount
the bond. In exchange, the plaintiff granted Polimet a facility in the sum of
US$5,500,000 to be drawn down in three tranches.

8 On 16 October 2008, the parties entered into another CBSA (“2008 CBSA”). The
parties also entered into a Supplemental Bond Subscription Agreement on the
same date (“Supplemental 2008 CBSA”). Under these agreements, Polimet issued a
convertible bond with a redemption value of US$4,666,667 and the plaintiff
subscribed for the full amount of the bond. In exchange, the plaintiff granted
Polimet a facility in the sum of US$2,800,000.

9 Both the 2007 CBSA and the 2008 CBSA contained a general indemnity clause
(cl 12.1) stating that each of the defendants jointly and severally agreed and
undertook to fully indemnify the plaintiff from and against all losses, costs,
liabilities and expenses arising directly or indirectly from any breach of the
corresponding CBSA (“the General Indemnity Clause”).[note: 10] Over and above
the General Indemnity Clause, Ms Lee (the second defendant) and the third
defendant, Andy Ho (“Mr Ho”), executed personal guarantees for up to 50% of
Polimet’s obligations and liabilities under the 2007 CBSA and the 2008 CBSA
(“the Personal Guarantees”).[note: 11]

10 It is undisputed that Polimet drew down the entire facility extended by the
plaintiff pursuant to the aforesaid agreements. In 2009, at Polimet’s request
and in the light of the defendants’ inability to meet its upcoming payment
obligations and maintain the financial ratios required of it under the 2007
CBSA and the 2008 CBSA, the parties entered into a Supplemental CBSA on 28
October 2009 (“Supplemental 2009 CBSA”).[note: 12] The purpose of the
Supplemental 2009 CBSA was to grant Polimet a two-year grace period in respect
of its payment obligations and eased the financial ratios to be maintained by
Polimet under the 2007 CBSA and the 2008 CBSA.[note: 13]

11 In or around October 2011, the parties were in discussions about
implementing a moratorium of Polimet’s obligations under the CBSAs (“the
Proposed Agreement”). Mr Yip was appointed to draft the Proposed Agreement. On
one hand, the plaintiff takes the position that Mr Yip was appointed as the
plaintiff’s solicitor. On the other hand, the defendants argue that Mr Yip was
the solicitor of both the plaintiff and the defendants.

12 The Proposed Agreement was never concluded. Pertinently, the Documents that
are the subject of this appeal relate to the communications between the
plaintiff and Mr Yip in relation to the Proposed Agreement.

13 It appears that the 2007 and 2008 CBSAs and the Supplemental 2009 CBSA were
prepared by law firms in Malaysia. The Proposed Agreement in October 2011 was
prepared by My Yip.

The suit

14 To properly understand the issues arising in this appeal, it is necessary
to have a broad understanding of the claims and defences in the main suit,
_ie_ , Suit No 758 of 2013 (“the Suit”). The plaintiff commenced this suit,
claiming the outstanding sums due and owing to them under the CBSAs.

(a) Against Polimet, the plaintiff claims to be entitled to terminate the
CBSAs and be paid all monies due under the same as a result of Polimet’s
breaches of the CBSAs.[note: 14] These breaches include the failure to make
payments due under the CBSAs and the failure to maintain the requisite
financial ratios.

(b) Against Ms Lee and Mr Ho, the plaintiff claims (on the Personal
Guarantees) for 50% of all the sums owing by Polimet under the CBSAs.

(c) Against Ms Lee, Mr Ho, Mr Ong Puay Koon (_ie_ , the fourth defendant) (“Mr
Ong”) and Mr Yap Tien Sung (_ie_ , the fifth defendant) (“Mr Yap”), the
plaintiff claims sums due and owing under the General Indemnity Clause.

15 In their defence and counterclaim, the defendants dispute the plaintiff’s
understanding of the General Indemnity Clause and further allege that there
was an oral agreement between the plaintiff’s representatives, Mr Chia and Ms
Yeo, and Ms Lee, that the second to fifth defendants’ liability was limited to
the loss of their initial shareholding in Polimet.

16 In the alternative, the defendants take the position that the General
Indemnity Clause was included in the 2007 CBSA under a common, or
alternatively, a unilateral mistake on the defendants’ part as to its nature
and effect on the liability of the second to fifth defendants. They further
plead that Mr Chia and Ms Yeo, as the plaintiff’s representatives, had
misrepresented the effect of the General Indemnity Clause to the second to
fifth defendants.

17 The defendants further allege that the circumstances surrounding the
negotiations for the Proposed Agreement in October 2011 cast light on the
parties’ understanding of the effect of the General Indemnity Clause that is
set out in the 2007 and 2008 CBSA. According to them:

(a) In the course of the negotiations, Mr Ong wanted written confirmation from
RWY that his liability under the Proposed Agreement shall be limited to the
loss of his initial shareholding in Polimet, as it allegedly was “supposed to
be” under the 2007 CBSA.

(b) Mr Ong could not obtain a satisfactory answer from RWY. Consequently, Mr
Ong was not agreeable to proceed with the Proposed Agreement which was
ultimately never concluded.

18 The plaintiff, in contrast, has pleaded that RWY (which the plaintiff
alleges was its solicitor exclusively) did not provide Mr Ong with written
confirmation that his liability under the Proposed Agreement was limited to
the loss of his initial shareholding in Polimet because his liability was not
limited in that manner.

19 There are two issues before me in this appeal:

(a) First, are the Documents relevant and necessary for the fair disposal of
the matter or the saving of costs?

(b) Second, even if the Documents are relevant and necessary, are the
documents cloaked with privilege such that they should not be disclosed?

Relevance of Documents

20 The AR took the view that the Documents were relevant. She reasoned that
the negotiations and/or communication between RWY and the plaintiff’s
representatives in the lead up to the Proposed Agreement are likely to reveal
the state of the defendants’ knowledge and understanding of the extent of
their liability, as well as the state of the plaintiff’s and/or RWY’s
knowledge of the defendants’ understanding of the same.

The arguments

21 The defendants’ stated purpose for seeking disclosure is to shed light on
the parties’ understanding of the extent of their liability under the 2007
CBSA. More specifically, they contend that the Documents will show that the
parties were under a mistake or that the plaintiff was aware of the unilateral
mistake in respect of the inclusion of the General Indemnity Clause.

22 The plaintiff first submits that the Proposed Agreement and its terms are
wholly irrelevant because it was never concluded and the plaintiff is not
suing on it. _Second_ , the plaintiff submits that the documents are
unnecessary because documents that have been disclosed already show the
plaintiff’s views on the extent of the defendants’ liability under the CBSAs.
_Third_ , the plaintiff contends that the defendants are fishing and that is
impermissible. In its view, the category of documents sought is very broadly
framed and includes **_all_** written communications between RWY and the
representatives of Kendall Court in relation to the negotiations and
discussions leading up to and execution of the Proposed Agreement in October
2011, extending far beyond those pertaining to the General Indemnity Clause.

Decision

23 Order 24 r 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) permits a
party to apply for the discovery of specific documents or a specific class of
documents within the possession, custody or power of another party. The rule
reads as follows:

Order for discovery of particular documents (O. 24, r. 5)

5.—(1) Subject to Rule 7, the Court may at any time, on the application of any
party to a cause or matter, make an order requiring any other party to make an
affidavit stating whether any document specified or described in the
application or any class of document so specified or described is, or has at
any time been, in his possession, custody or power, and if not then in his
possession, custody or power, when he parted with it and what has become of
it.

(2) An order may be made against a party under this Rule notwithstanding that
the party may already have made or been required to make a list of documents
or an affidavit under Rule 1.

(3) An application for an order under this Rule must be supported by an
affidavit stating the belief of the deponent that the party from whom
discovery is sought under this Rule has, or at some time had, in his
possession, custody or power, the document, or class of document, specified or
described in the application and that it falls within one of the following
descriptions:

(a) a document on which the party relies or will rely;

(b) a document which could —

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case;

(c) a document which may lead the party seeking discovery of it to a train of
inquiry resulting in his obtaining information which may —

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case.

(4) An order under this Rule shall not be made in any cause or matter in
respect of any party before an order under Rule 1 has first been obtained in
respect of that party, unless, in the opinion of the Court, the order is
necessary or desirable.

24 Relevance is one of the essential pre-conditions to be satisfied before
discovery will be ordered and it is defined by reference to the categories set
out in O 24 r 5(3). Whether a document would affect that party’s claim,
adversely affect another party’s case or support another party’s case depends
on the issues pleaded in the action. Significantly, when seeking discovery of
a class of documents, relevance must be shown in relation to the entire class
described as a class, and not only some parts of the class: _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2015_ vol 1 (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2015) at para
24/5/1.

25 Relevance, of course, is always one of degree. The degree of relevance will
depend on the circumstances. What is clear is that merely establishing
relevance may not be sufficient to justify an order of discovery. O 24 r 5
remains expressly subject to the overriding test of whether discovery is
_necessary_ for disposing fairly of the proceedings or for saving costs in O
24 r 7. Indeed, what is relevant may not be necessary: _Bayerische Hypo-und
Vereinsbank AG v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and other
applications_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 39 at [37].

26 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I agree with the plaintiff that
the category (class) of documents sought is overly broad and gives the overall
impression of a fishing expedition. The category of documents relates to all
written communications between RWY and representatives of Kendall Court in
relation to the negotiations and discussions leading up to and execution of
the Proposed Agreement in 2011. Moreover, given the broadly framed request, I
am not convinced that all of the Documents would be relevant to the pleaded
issues of mistake and misrepresentation in respect of the 2007 CBSA. All the
relevant parties are joined in the Suit. The positions that they take on the
General Indemnity Clause is clear. The discussions in 2011 over the Proposed
Agreement arose in the context of an attempt by the parties to amicably
resolve problems the first defendant (borrower) was facing in making
repayment. It was the first defendant who appears to have requested
negotiation for the Proposed Agreement in October 2011 and a moratorium. It
bears repeating that the Proposed Agreement in October 2011 was not entered
into.

27 For the above reasons, I am not satisfied that all the Documents are
relevant and necessary for disposing fairly of the proceedings or saving costs
or time. That said, it is unnecessary for me to come to a firm view on this
issue. As shall be elaborated later, I find that the Documents are privileged.

Whether the Documents are privileged

28 It is undisputed that (a) the Documents are not privileged as between the
parties _if_ there is joint privilege; and (b) there can only be joint
privilege if the parties had jointly retained RWY. It logically follows that
the Documents would only have to be disclosed if the defendants manage to
prove that RWY was jointly retained by and acted for both parties in relation
to the Proposed Agreement.

The AR’s decision

29 Before the AR, the issues were broadly characterised as follows:

(a) whether RWY was retained by both the plaintiff and the defendants, or just
the plaintiff;

(b) if it was the former, whether there was a joint retainer or two separate
retainers.

30 On the first issue, the AR found that RWY had been engaged by the
defendants under an implied retainer during the period of negotiation and
discussion leading up to and execution of the Proposed Agreement. In arriving
at her conclusion, the AR reviewed the correspondence between the parties and
took the view that Mr Yip was appreciative of the fact that he was advising
both sides and he had expressed his wish not to misadvise Mr Ong. In
particular, she noted that Mr Yip did not state that he was singly engaged by
the plaintiff when Ms Lee insisted that he was to advise both sides without
fear or favour and on a neutral basis. Instead, Mr Yip went on to reply that
he appreciated the situation that was facing them but he just needed to be
sure that he was not misadvising Mr Ong, and that he was proceeding to advise
parties on a neutral basis. The AR also noted that Mr Yip went on to issue a
letter to Mr Ong and Ms Lee advising them of the legal effect of the various
clauses under the Proposed Agreement. Subsequently, Mr Yip proceeded to issue
a revised letter to clarify the contents of the first letter. In the midst of
all these, Mr Yip had also issued an invoice to Polimet for the professional
charges incurred.

31 On the second issue, the AR found that RWY was acting for the defendants
pursuant to a joint retainer. The AR’s finding was based on the following
facts: (a) the fact that the plaintiff was copied in all correspondences
between RWY and the defendants; and (b) an invoice issued by RWY on 25 October
2011 (“the Invoice”) which stated that the law firm was providing “general
advice for both parties’ benefits [_sic_]”.

The arguments

32 It will be more convenient to begin with the defendants’ arguments. As
mentioned earlier, the defendants argue that RWY was jointly engaged by the
parties and had advised the defendants on their legal obligations pursuant to
the joint engagement. In support of their case, the defendants assert
that:[note: 15]

(a) On 12 September 2011, Mr Andi Gunawan (“Mr Andi”), a representative of the
plaintiff, emailed Ms Lee seeking her approval for the joint engagement of Mr
Yip of RWY to advise both the plaintiff and the defendants on the terms of the
Proposed Agreement. Ms Lee agreed to the appointment of Mr Yip in her reply on
13 September 2011.

(b) On 7 October 2011, Ms Lee attended a meeting at RWY’s offices with, among
others, Mr Ho and Mr Ong (“the 7 October 2011 Meeting”). Mr Yip took the
defendants through and explained in detail the terms of the Proposed Agreement
and advised them on the legal effect of the same. According to Ms Lee, Mr Yip
did not inform the defendants that they should appoint their own lawyers.

(c) RWY had issued written advice to Ms Lee and Mr Ong, including a letter
sent on 21 October 2011 (“the 21 October 2011 Letter”) and a revised version
of the letter on the same day on the terms of the Proposed Agreement.

(d) The description of work done in an invoice issued by RWY, _ie_ , the
Invoice referred to at [31] above, shows that RWY had acted for the
defendants. The relevant part of the Invoice states:[note: 16]

… perusing through the documents forwarded by both parties, _advising parties_
on the term sheet, seeing thru the fairing and execution of the term sheet,
_providing general advice for both parties’ benefit_ , counsel liaising with
both parties over various drafts of the [Proposed Agreement]; Counsel
attending meeting with your goodselves on 16.10.2011…

[emphasis added]

33 On the other hand, the plaintiff’s primary position is that RWY was not
jointly engaged by the plaintiff and the defendants, and had at all times
represented only the plaintiff. To this end, the plaintiff asserts that:

(a) The defendants were unrepresented while the plaintiff was represented in
the previous CBSAs entered into between 2007 and 2009. Whilst the defendants
were unrepresented, Polimet bore the legal fees for the drafting of the CBSAs
as it was contractually obliged to do so.

(b) In 2011, the plaintiff spoke to RWY about engaging RWY. It was also the
plaintiff which negotiated RWY’s fees. The defendants were not involved in the
process of engaging RWY. As it had been for the earlier agreements, Polimet
was contractually obliged to bear the legal fees of the Proposed Agreement.

(c) The plaintiff alone instructed RWY to prepare the Proposed Agreement. The
parties did not jointly instruct RWY to prepare it.

(d) After RWY prepared the Proposed Agreement, RWY did not send it to both
parties – RWY only sent the draft Proposed Agreement to the plaintiff. It was
the plaintiff which forwarded the draft to the defendants.

(e) The defendants did not contact RWY directly, even though they had RWY’s
email address. The defendants went through the plaintiff’s representative, Mr
Chia, to arrange the 7 October 2011 Meeting. At the meeting, Mr Yip informed
the defendants of their right to seek independent legal advice.

(f) The defendants also referred to RWY as the plaintiff’s lawyer. Not once
did they refer to RWY as their lawyer.

(g) Polimet’s board never even considered appointing RWY as its solicitors in
relation to the Proposed Agreement, much less actually appointing RWY. Ms Lee
could not approve RWY’s appointment on behalf of Polimet because she was not a
director of Polimet at the relevant time.

(h) It is Mr Yip’s unchallenged evidence that RWY’s clerk prepared the Invoice
and he had overlooked the mis-description in the Invoice.

34 In the alternative, the plaintiff argues that even if RWY was acting for
the defendants, it was pursuant to a separate retainer. In order for the court
to find a joint retainer, the plaintiff would have had to expressly or
impliedly agree to a joint retainer. But there was no such evidence.

Analysis

35 In a nutshell, the plaintiff seeks to resist the defendants’ discovery
application by asserting legal professional privilege. Against that, the
defendants argue that the privilege does not operate between the parties as
RWY was jointly engaged by both sides.

Relevance of choice of law analysis

36 Before delving into the arguments raised by the parties, I will first deal
with a preliminary point pertaining to the applicability of Singapore law on
professional privilege, bearing in mind that RWY is a Malaysian law firm and
Mr Yip is a Malaysian lawyer. Much of the legal advice appears to have been
provided in Malaysia. In particular, I note that the the 7 October 2011
Meeting took place at RWY’s office in Malaysia. This was followed by a number
of letters said to amount to advice, such as the 21 October 2011 Letter sent
by RWY via email to the first defendant’s office in Singapore.

37 Neither party initially raised issues on private international law and the
question of whether Singapore rules of legal professional privilege extend to
foreign legal advisers. Both parties approached the question of legal
professional privilege on the basis that Singapore rules were applicable.
Given the relevance and significance of the matter, I directed parties to
tender further written submissions on the issue of the applicability of
Singapore rules of legal professional privilege and professional conduct.

Applicability of Singapore rules of legal professional privilege

38 The central question here is: which law applies to govern the issue of
legal professional privilege as between the parties and Mr Yip, bearing in
mind that Mr Yip is a Malaysian lawyer and much of his communications with the
parties occurred in Malaysia?

39 The starting point of the analysis is whether legal professional privilege
is a matter of procedure or substance. Procedural matters are always governed
by the law of the forum and it will only be necessary to proceed further in
the choice of law analysis where the matter is substantive: _Halsbury’s Laws
of Singapore_ vol 6(2) (LexisNexis, 2013 Reissue) (“ _Halsbury_ ”) at para
75.255. That said, the distinction between substance and procedure is by no
means clear cut. The traditional common law approach was to distinguish the
existence of a right from the enforcement of a right. The former was regarded
as substantive and subject to choice of law rules whilst the latter was
treated as procedure and governed by forum rules. It appears, however, that a
“stricter” functional test has been applied in some other Commonwealth
jurisdictions: _Halsbury_ at para 75.255. The stricter test asks whether
application of foreign law in the particular instance will seriously
inconvenience the administration of justice.

40 Whatever are the merits of the stricter approach, Singapore law, as laid
down in _Star City Pty Ltd (formerly known as Sydney Harbour Casino Pty Ltd) v
Tan Hong Woon_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 306 still follows the traditional broader
approach, that is, to ask whether the rule in question is one that affects the
existence of the right or its enforcement. While the stricter approach has
been recognised as persuasive, it has not yet been decided upon by the Court
of Appeal in Singapore: see _Goh Suan Hee v Teo Cher Teck_ [2010] 1 SLR 367.

41 The question of whether legal professional privilege is a matter of
procedure or substance is the subject of considerable controversy. That said,
whether it has been characterised as a matter of procedure or substance, the
general view is that the issue of legal professional privilege is nevertheless
governed by the law of the forum. I am not aware of any local authority that
is directly on point, but this issue has arisen for determination in other
jurisdictions

Australia

42 In _Daniels Corporation International Pty Ltd v Australian Competition and
Consumer Commission_ [2002] HCA 49 (“ _Daniels Corporation_ ”) at [9]–[11],
the High Court of Australia held that legal professional privilege is a rule
of substantive law as it goes beyond a rule of evidence that is restricted to
processes of discovery and inspection and the giving of evidence in judicial
proceedings since it may be relied upon to resist other investigatory
processes and is an important common law immunity.

43 In James McComish, “Foreign Legal Professional Privilege: A New Problem for
Australian Private International Law” (2006) 28 Sydney Law Review 297 (“
_McComish_ ”), the author argues that the same should hold true for purposes
of private international law: legal professional privilege is not simply a
procedural mechanism (at p 311). Rather, it is a substantive right that exists
independently of any actual adjudicative process.

44 In the recent case of _Stewart v Australian Crime Commission_ [2012] FCAFC
151 (“ _Stewart_ ”), it was opined that legal professional privilege was
governed by the law of the forum despite the HCA’s characterisation of the
nature of legal professional privilege as a rule of substantive law. In that
case, the appellants argued that documents prepared by an attorney-at-law in
the United States, California, including legal advice, were subject to legal
professional privilege based on the law of California. The appellants relied
on the following facts:

(a) the documents were prepared in California;

(b) the documents were prepared by an attorney or attorneys admitted to
practice in California;

(c) the documents were prepared pursuant to a retainer, the proper law in
respect of which was Californian law; and

(d) the documents were prepared to advise clients primarily on Californian
law.

45 Among the three judges, only Besanko J considered that an issue of choice
of law had arisen. He went on to comment that the governing law for legal
professional privilege was the law of the forum despite recognising that legal
professional privilege was substantive and not procedural in nature under
Australian law. His reasons were as follows (at [53]):

Despite the force of these matters, in my respectful opinion, the better
argument is that the governing choice of law rule for legal professional
privilege is the lex fori. My reasons are as follows. First, Australian law of
legal professional privilege incorporates within it a foreign element as cases
such as _Kennedy v Wallace_ make clear. Secondly, as has been seen, the
English and Australian cases, so far as they go, suggest that the law to be
applied is the lex fori. I accept that some of those cases were decided at a
time when legal professional privilege was considered to be a rule of evidence
or at least there was uncertainty as to whether it was a rule of evidence or a
substantive doctrine. Thirdly, although legal professional privilege is linked
to the contract of retainer between the client and his or her lawyer, it is
not a “transaction” in the same sense as the formation of a contract or the
commission of a tort. It is an immunity from what would otherwise be a
coercive process dictated or mandated by, in the majority of cases, a statute
or piece of delegated legislation of the forum where, to the extent that
Parliament has not by express words or necessary intendment made its intention
clear, the policy in the statute or piece of delegated legislation gives way
to an important common law immunity based on considerations relevant to the
administration of justice. Put another way, in the case of legal professional
privilege, there are important connecting factors with the forum, namely, the
production of documents or a request for their production and a claim or
assertion of privilege. These matters considered together lead me to the
conclusion that the governing choice of law rule in the case of legal
professional privilege is the lex fori.

46 I note in passing that whilst the majority in _Stewart_ agreed with the
result (that the issue of legal professional privilege is determined by the
_lex fori_), they rejected the idea that a choice of law issue had arisen.
This was because Australian law of privilege extended to foreign lawyers,
whether or not the law as to which they were advising was local or foreign,
and whether the communications occurred within Australia or somewhere else (at
[77]).

47 Whilst it is not necessary for me to decide the point, I am, with respect,
of the view that the approach taken by Besanko J is preferable. As Besanko J
states at [48]:

… When legal professional privilege is raised in answer to a demand to inspect
and use documents, the first question is whether the privilege exists. That
question leads to a consideration of the common law including the common law
choice of law rule. If, and this is where the first and second issues
intersect, the choice of law rule directs attention to foreign law then I
cannot see any reason why legal professional privilege determined by reference
to a foreign law would not be recognised for the purpose of Australian law
including Australian Statutes. …

48 Once it is decided that the issue of legal professional privilege is a
matter of substance, the question as to whether the law of forum applies would
necessarily have to be answered by reference to choice of law rules which have
been developed to serve the ends of justice (see _Halsbury_ at para 75.250).
That said, the end result was the same as Besanko J found that the governing
choice of law rule pointed to the _lex fori_.

England

49 English courts have similarly classified legal professional privilege as a
substantive right. In _R v Derby Magistrates' Court, Ex p B_ [1996] AC 487
Lord Taylor of Gosforth CJ, with whose reasons the other members of the House
agreed, stated at 507:

The principle which runs through all these cases, and the many other cases
which were cited, is that a man must be able to consult his lawyer in
confidence, since otherwise he might hold back half the truth. The client must
be sure that what he tells his lawyer will never be revealed without his
consent. _Legal professional privilege is thus much more than an ordinary rule
of evidence, limited in its application to the facts of a particular case. It
is a fundamental condition on which the administration of justice as a whole
rests._

[emphasis added]

50 In _R (Morgan Grenfell & Co Ltd) v Special Comr of Income Tax_ [2003] 1 AC
563 at 606, Lord Hoffmann described legal professional privilege as “a
fundamental human right long established in the common law”. In reaching that
conclusion, he referred with approval to the judgment of the New Zealand Court
of Appeal in _Comr of Inland Revenue v West-Walker_ [1954] NZLR 191, where the
privilege was described as not merely a rule of evidence but a substantive
right founded on an important public policy.

51 Despite the characterisation of legal professional privilege as a matter of
substance, the general view is that English law (_ie_ , lex fori) applies.

52 In _Re Duncan, Decd. Garfield v Fay_ [1968] P 306 at 311, it was held that
privilege was a matter to be decided by the _lex fori_ and the learned judge
held, on that basis, that all documents which are communications passing
between the plaintiff and his foreign legal advisers were privileged, whether
or not proceedings in this or any other court were contemplated when they came
into existence.

53 In _Bourns Inc v Raychem Corporation and Anor_ [1999] 3 All ER 154,
documents disclosed by the respondent in proceedings in the United Kingdom
(“UK”) appeared to be material to the appellant’s case in another set of
proceedings between the same parties in the United States (“US”). The
respondent claimed that the documents were privileged and applied to restrain
the appellant from using the documents in the US proceedings. The appellant,
on the other hand, claimed that the respondent had waived privilege in the
documents according to US law. It was held by Aldous LJ (at 167–168) that:

… I believe it is not desirable to decide this issue which depends upon US
law. Matters of US law and practice are best decided by the US courts if that
is possible.

[The appellant] do [_sic_] not suggest that under English law privilege is
lost in England because privilege cannot be claimed for documents in another
country. To suggest otherwise would mean that a court, when deciding whether
to uphold a claim for privilege, would need to be informed as to whether
privilege could be claimed in all the countries of the world. ‘Our system of
civil procedure is founded on the rule that the interests of justice are best
served if parties to litigation are obliged to disclose and produce for the
other party’s inspection all documents in their possession, custody or power
relating to the issues in the action.’ (See _Ventouris v Mountain, the Italia
Express_ [1991] 3 All ER 472 at 476 … per Bingham LJ.) Privilege is an
exception to that rule justified on the ground of public interest. It involves
a right to keep confidential the document and the information in it. The fact
that under foreign law the document is not privileged or that the privilege
that existed is deemed to have been waived is irrelevant. The crucial
consideration is whether the document and its information remain confidential
in the sense that it is not properly available for use. If it is, then
privilege in this country can be claimed and that claim, if properly made,
will be enforced.

In the present case the documents and the information in them remain
confidential in the sense that I have used that word. It follows that the
documents remain privileged under English law, whether or not the right to
privilege from production in a foreign country is deemed not to exist or to
have been waived.

54 The English position is also clearly set out in Dicey, Morris & Collins,
_The Conflict of Laws_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2012) (“ _Dicey,
Morris & Collins_”) at para 7-022:

… [A]s general rule, the lex fori determines how the facts in issue must be
proved. In the context of English proceedings, whether or not a document is
privileged is to be determined by English law; the fact that under a foreign
law the document is not privileged or that the privileged that existed is
deemed to have been waived is irrelevant.

55 Thus, it appears that the English position is that legal professional
privilege falls to be governed by the _lex fori_. Indeed, it has been
suggested that there are strong grounds for reconsidering the English position
on the issue of whether legal professional privilege is governed by the _lex
fori_. The learned author of _Phipson on Evidence_ (Hodge M Malek gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2013) states at paras 23-25 and 23-26:

23-25 … [I]t has been held that so long as the communication satisfies the
prerequisites of English law of privilege, the privilege may be claimed for
communications between foreign lawyer (whether or not he practises in England)
and foreign client, and that this applies even when litigation is not in
contemplation and where the foreign lawyer is advising on English law.

23-26 There have been a number of subsequent cases which have applied _Re
Duncan_ , generally without argument. But there are strong grounds for
reconsideration of the principle. When _Re Duncan_ was decided, the prevailing
view was that privilege was merely a right to refuse to produce material on
discovery or at trial. For privilege issues to be governed by the lex fori is
consistent with this, because procedural issues are governed by the lex fori.
But, as we have seen, the modern view is that privilege is a fundamental
right. Substantive rights are typically governed by the law governing those
rights rather than the lex fori. Privilege rights may sometimes be based on
contractual rights, such as in “implied contract” cases of without prejudice
privilege or where the contract between solicitor and client is material to
the analysis. Contractual issues will normally be governed by the proper law
of the contract. It is not merely that privilege was once a rule of evidence
and now is a substantive right of law. Multi-jurisdictional litigation is now
a regular occurrence in the way that it was not a generation ago, so the
problem has become a common one. Moreover, at the time of _Re Duncan_ in 1968
the English courts took a much more chauvinistic and less international view
of their rules and procedure than is the case today.

56 Returning to the case at hand, the weight of authorities, as it stands,
suggests that legal professional privilege is a matter to be addressed by the
law of the forum. I agree. As was observed by Besanko J in _Stewart_ , whilst
the issue of privilege is linked to the contract of retainer between a lawyer
and his client, it inevitably is dictated by and subject to, in the majority
of cases, the policy in statute or delegated legislation based on
considerations relevant to the administration of justice. This ultimately
turns on the public policy considerations that find expression in the law of
the forum. For now, it would suffice for our purposes to say that legal
professional privilege falls to be governed by the law of the forum (_ie_ ,
Singapore law). In any case, it is not necessary for me to express a concluded
view on this since the parties have not pleaded or proved foreign rules on
legal professional privilege.

Singapore rules of legal professional privilege

57 In Singapore, legal professional privilege is statutorily embodied in ss
128 and 131 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). These provisions cover
legal advice privilege and also an element of litigation privilege:
_Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and other appeals_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 367 (“
_Skandinaviska_ ”) at [27]. The statutory privilege applies to communications
between clients and an advocate or solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore
_or_ a legal counsel which has been defined in s 3(7) of the Evidence Act to
include:

(a) a person (by whatever name called) who is an employee of an entity
employed to undertake the provision of legal advice or assistance in
connection with the application of the law or any form of resolution of legal
disputes;

(aa) any Deputy Attorney-General; or

(b) a public officer in the Singapore Legal Service —

(i) working in a ministry or department of the Government or an Organ of State
as legal adviser to that ministry or department or Organ of State; or

(ii) seconded as legal adviser to any statutory body established or
constituted by or under a public Act for a public function.

58 Clearly, communications with foreign lawyers would fall outside the ambit
of the statutory privilege. However, the Evidence Act is exhaustive only to
the extent that all the rules which are not saved by statute and which are
inconsistent with it (the Evidence Act) are inapplicable: see s 2(2) of the
Evidence Act and _Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 239 at [117]. Thus, despite the codification of legal professional
privilege in Singapore, common law rules of privilege pertaining to foreign
lawyers will continue to apply in so far as they are not inconsistent with the
provisions of the Evidence Act.

59 In reaching this conclusion, I note that when the Evidence (Amendment) Bill
was passed by Parliament in 2012, the Minister of Law, Mr K Shanmugam
explained that the amendments would enhance the court’s discretion to consider
relevant evidence as well as deal with “procedural justice”, including the
confidentiality of legal advice by “widening legal professional privilege”
(_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (14 February 2012) vol 88
at p 1127).

60 One of the amendments to legal professional privilege concerned an
“extension” to communications with in-house legal counsel made for the purpose
of obtaining legal advice. During the second reading debate, the observation
was made by several Members of Parliament that the law of evidence in
Singapore comprised the Evidence Act as well as common law rules, at least
where the latter were not inconsistent with the statutory provisions. In
appropriate cases, it was possible for gaps in the Evidence Act to be filled
by the common law. One Member of Parliament noted that the common law may have
covered the gap on communications with in-house counsel but that its
application was “uncertain and subject to change and challenge” (at p 1129).
Another Member of Parliament noted that the amendments (to broaden the
definition of legal professional advisor to include in-house counsel) did not
cover cases where clients sought legal advice from foreign lawyers or law
firms overseas and questioned whether it was desirable to amend the Evidence
Act to cover that situation (at p 1135).

61 The Minister of Law, in response, clarified that there was “no intention to
affect privilege or deal with privilege between foreign lawyers and their
local clients” (at p 1143). The Minister of Law’s response in full was:

Mr Lee also raised a number of questions generally concerning the scope of the
Evidence Act. He wanted to know what the professional advisor in section 131
included. Would it include advocates as well as in-house legal counsel? Will
that mean communications with foreign lawyers is excluded from privilege? I
would clarify that the main intention behind section 131 is to expand the
definition of legal professional advisor to include in-house legal counsel and
**_there is no intention to affect privilege or deal with privilege between
foreign lawyers and their local clients. That remains to be dealt with by
common law._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

62 The fact that Parliament choose to amend the Evidence Act so as to
expressly cover communications with in-house counsel without dealing with
foreign counsel did not mean that Parliament’s intention was to take away or
make an affirmative statement that such communications with foreign lawyers
was not protected. Instead, this was deliberately left to the common law.

63 The common law position is well-settled. Legal advice privilege will apply
to advice received from foreign lawyers. In _International Business Machines
Corp and another v Phoenix International (Computers) Ltd_ [1995] 1 All ER 413,
the document in issue was a road map prepared by the defendant’s (Phoenix) US
attorneys which set out their advice on the legal position in the UK and the
strategy to adopt in relation to contemplated proceedings. The plaintiff, IBM,
submitted that the road map contained advice on English law and was not
privileged because the author was a US attorney who was not a qualified
practitioner in the UK. IBM, however, accepted that it would be a privileged
document if it had been written by an English solicitor. Aldous J rejected
IBM’s argument and held (at 429) that:

… The fact that the advice given related predominantly to English law is
irrelevant. It was advice of foreign lawyers acting as lawyers, to be used by
Phoenix to decide what strategy to adopt in carrying on business. … The
correct approach is to look at the substance and reality of the document, the
circumstance in which it came into existence and also its purpose. It was
advice given by lawyers in circumstances where litigation was contemplated to
enable the recipient to decide what strategy to adopt, both from a legal and
business standpoint. Such a document is privileged.

64 A variety of English commentaries hold the view that the privilege will
extend to the advice given by foreign lawyers based abroad provided that they
are qualified to practise under their own regulatory authority. In his helpful
review, _McComish_ citing cases such as _Bunbury v Bunbury_ (1839) 2 Beav 173
concludes (at p 315) that “the great mass of English authority supports the
view that privilege applies as much to communications to foreign lawyers as to
local lawyers and that both are subjected to English (ie the forum’s) law of
privilege.” _McComish_ goes on to comment (at p 318): “[t]he fact that foreign
lawyers are not subject to the supervision and discipline of domestic courts
was no reason to deny their communications privilege under the law of the
forum: so long as the lawyer was in fact admitted to practice in the foreign
jurisdiction”.

65 In _Kennedy v Wallace_ (2004) 213 ALR 108, Allsop J explained the
underlying rationale for extending privilege to communications with foreign
lawyers. In coming to the decision that the law of the forum (Australia)
recognised privilege over communications with foreign lawyers, the Full
Federal Court recognised that in a global society, people may well need the
advice of foreign lawyers. Allsop J held as follows (at [200]–[208]):

200 Members of the community may well need to seek the assistance of foreign
lawyers. The considerations of the kind that Wilson J spoke of in _Baker v
Campbell_ : the multiplicity and complexity of the demands of the modern state
on its citizens, the complexity of modern commercial life and the increasing
global inter-relationships of legal systems, commerce and human intercourse,
make treatment of the privilege as a jurisdictionally specific right, in my
view, both impractical and contrary to the underlying purpose of the intended
protection in a modern society.

201 One important issue in any consideration of the proper scope for advice
privilege whether in relation to foreign lawyers or generally is the
identification of the underlying rationale for the privilege: see for example
the discussion by Lord Carswell in _Three Rivers_ [2004] UKHL 48 at
[76]–[117]. As I would understand the law in Australia, the privilege is to be
seen as a fundamental common law right in relation to legal advice and
litigation. The purpose and rationale of the privilege is to enable persons in
a civilised complex modern society to be able to conduct their affairs with
the assistance of legal advice. Expressed thus, it is a fundamental right
conforming to and underpinning the rule of law…

202 A refusal to recognise foreign lawyer’s advice privilege or narrowly to
constrict advice privilege to the precise communication requesting or
imparting the advice (as ASIC does on the Notice of Contention, to which I
will come) would undermine the rationale of the privilege. It would also
undermine the administration of justice by enlivening a threat in this
jurisdiction to the confidentiality of communications which would otherwise be
protected in other places.

203 If an adviser is a lawyer admitted to practice in the foreign country, as
was agreed here, it seems to me unnecessary to require evidence about legal
and ethical practices and controls by foreign courts. …

204 The position may be different if the circumstances otherwise raise
questions as to the position of the lawyer. There may be a question whether
the adviser is a lawyer at all, properly understood. There may be a question
whether, by the proper law of the country in which the lawyer is admitted to
practice or in which the advice is given, there is any privilege recognised.
Difficult questions may arise in any given case. This is not intended to be an
exhaustive list.

205 Without evidence of foreign law, it can be assumed that Switzerland
protects legally privileged communications. Mr Hafner was a qualified lawyer
in a European democratic state. No suggestion was made that Mr Hafner was not
in fact a lawyer.

…

207 The view expressed by McHugh J in _Carter v Northmore Hale Davy & Leake_
at CLR 160-61 … does not, however, reflect the law as otherwise expressed by
the High Court on advice privilege, and it gives no basis for viewing foreign
lawyers and foreign legal advisers differently to Australian lawyers and legal
advice.

208 Part of the practical guarantee of the fundamental, constitutional or
human right and part of the practical worth of the fundamental common law
privilege is to seek advice from a lawyer as to one’s rights and obligations
in a complex human, commercial and governmental environment which may be, for
any particular person, multi-jurisdictional. A principle which differentiates
between foreign and domestic lawyers in terms of approach based on training,
ethics and curial control is not warranted, in my view, by reference to the
underlying rationale of the privilege, at least in circumstances where the
person opposing the privilege claim does not raise issues of the kind referred
to earlier.

66 In view of the above excerpt (which I agree with), I accept that the common
law position which extends privilege to communications passing between a
client and his foreign legal adviser applies in Singapore as there is no
inconsistency between the common law position and the statutory provisions.
Whilst Jeffrey Pinsler SC, _Evidence and the Litigation Process_ (LexisNexis,
5th Ed, 2015) (“ _Evidence and the Litigation Process_ ”) at para 14.017
comments that communications with foreign lawyers are not protected by legal
advice privilege, it is apparent that this comment was made in respect of the
provisions of the Evidence Act as amended and not the common law position.
Presently, it bears noting that the defendants accept that the documents are
privileged. The only issue is whether the plaintiff is obliged to disclose the
documents to the defendants on the basis that the privilege is jointly held by
the parties.

67 It will also be seen later on that the applicable rules or codes of
professional conduct may be relevant or helpful in the present case for
providing the context of some of the discussions and communications sent by
RWY in connection with the Proposed Agreement.

Concluding remarks on choice of law

68 It bears recalling that the main question is whether the privilege in
question is jointly held by the parties or singly held by the plaintiff. The
answer to this main question requires the consideration of a subsidiary
question concerning the existence and character of the contract of retainer
between Mr Yip and the parties to this dispute. Where parties dispute the
existence or the nature of the contract of retainer (which contains foreign
elements), what then is the law governing such disputes? Ordinarily, this
question has to be analysed through the lens of the forum’s choice of law
rules. That said, it is again unnecessary to probe further in this respect
since the parties have not pleaded or proved foreign law _vis-à-vis_ the
contract of retainer. In the absence of such proof, it is well established
that the law of the forum applies by default.

69 To conclude, whilst Mr Yip is a Malaysian lawyer and much of the legal
advice appears to have been provided in Malaysia, it must be borne in mind
that the suit has been commenced in Singapore. As mentioned earlier, I am of
the view that the issue of privilege is to be governed by Singapore law (_ie_
, the law of the forum) and that Singapore law permits claims of privilege
over communications between foreign lawyers and their clients. Further, in the
absence of proof of foreign law, I will apply Singapore law to determine the
issues arising out of this appeal.

Legal Professional Privilege

70 I begin my analysis by setting out the applicable legal principles. Legal
professional privilege is found in two principal forms, _viz_ , legal advice
privilege and litigation privilege. Both serve a common cause: the secure and
effective administration of justice according to law: _Skandinaviska_ at [23].

71 The plaintiff appears to be relying on the former category of privilege,
_viz_ , the legal advice privilege which protects from disclosure confidential
communications between a client and his legal adviser which arise in a legal
context in the course of their relationship: _Evidence and the Litigation
Process_ at para 14.001. The rationale for legal advice privilege is neatly
encapsulated in the following passage in the Canadian Supreme Court decision
of _Minister of Justice v Sheldon Blank (Attorney General of Ontario, The
Advocates’ Society and Information Commissioner of Canada (Interveners))_
[2006] SCC 39 at [26]:

… [Legal advice privilege] recognizes that the justice system depends for its
vitality on full, free and frank communication between those who need legal
advice and those who are best able to provide it. Society has entrusted to
lawyers the task of advancing their clients’ cases with the skill and
expertise available only to those who are trained in the law. They alone can
discharge these duties effectively, but only if those who depend on them for
counsel may consult with them in confidence. The resulting confidential
relationship between solicitor and client is a necessary and essential
condition of the effective administration of justice.

72 The above passage was quoted and accepted by the Court of Appeal in
_Skandinaviska_ at [23]. For legal professional privilege to apply, the
solicitor-client relationship must be in existence or at least contemplated:
Suzanne McNicol, _Law of Privilege_ (The Law Book Company Limited, 1992) at p
76. A solicitor-client relationship may come about by an express retainer or a
retainer that is implied by conduct: _Royal Bank of Scotland v Etridge (No 2)_
[2001] 3 WLR 1021 at [179]. In particular, a retainer may be implied where on
an objective consideration of all the circumstances, an intention to enter
into such a contractual relationship ought fairly and properly to be imputed
to all the parties: _Anwar Patrick Adrian and another v Ng Chong & Hue LLC and
another_ [2014] 3 SLR 761 (“ _Anwar Patrick_ ”) at [49].

73 It is apposite to note that once a plea of privilege is made over the list
of documents and verified by affidavit, the court will accept the plea as
conclusive unless it is disproved: _Singapore Court Practice 2014_ (Jeffrey
Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2014) at para 24/3/4. As such, it is for the
party seeking disclosure (_ie_ , the defendants in the present dispute) to
prove that the documents in question are not privileged.

Joint Privilege

74 It will be helpful to also consider the nature and effect of a joint
privilege. According to Bankim Thanki QC in _The Law of Privilege_ (Oxford
University Press, 2nd Ed, 2011) (“ _The Law of Privilege_ ”) at para 6.01,
joint privilege may arise in two circumstances:

(a) _Joint interest_ : Where, even though the parties have not jointly
retained a lawyer, they have a joint interest in the subject matter of the
communication at the time that it comes into existence.

(b) _Joint retainer_ : Where two (or more) parties jointly retain the same
lawyer.

Joint interest

75 In my view, the parties did not have a joint interest that gave rise to
joint privilege in the negotiations leading up to the Proposed Agreement.
Examples where such joint interest might arise are between (_The Law of
Privilege_ at paras 6.09–6.11):

(a) a trustee and beneficiary;

(b) a parent company and its wholly-owned subsidiary;

(c) a company and its shareholders;

(d) a company and its director; and

(e) partners.

76 In the present case, there was no identity of interests between the
plaintiff and the defendants during the negotiations in relation to the
Proposed Agreement. Unlike the examples above, the parties here were
essentially in a lender and borrower relationship with opposing interests.
There was at least reason to believe that Polimet was in a “poor” financial
state and was in no position to fulfil its repayment obligations under the
original agreements. The negotiations were broadly an attempt (which
ultimately was unsuccessful) to settle amicably the liabilities of the first
defendant under the loan agreements. That was why the Proposed Agreement was
necessary in the first place.

77 The defendants seem to suggest that their joint interest lay in executing
the Proposed Agreement. Before me, counsel for the defendants argued this
joint interest was evidenced by the following statement found in Mr Yip’s
email to the parties after Mr Chia gave “the final green light on the last
draft” of the Proposed Agreement:[note: 17]

Thanking and congratulating parties in being able to reach a solution via the
Supplemental Agreement.

78 I do not accept this contention. In the same email, Mr Yip recognised that
the parties had opposing interests. He said, “I think the parties do
appreciate each others [_sic_] position and are entering into the [Proposed
Agreement] with the intention of resolving the issues rather that [_sic_]
‘fighting’ one another which we [_sic_] benefit neither party in the long
run”.[note: 18]

79 Furthermore, if taken to its logical conclusion, the defendants’ argument
would mean that a vendor and purchaser who retain the same solicitor for the
sale of a parcel of land would be taken to have a common interest, that is, in
executing the sale and purchase agreement. That cannot be right. The court in
_Foo Ko Hing v Foo Chee Heng_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 664 (“ _Foo Ko Hing_ ”)
expressly recognised that where a vendor and purchaser retain the same
solicitor, a distinction must be made between communication to the solicitor
in the character of one party’s own legal advisor and communication to him in
the _adverse character_ or legal advisor for the other party (_Foo Ko Hing_ at
[15]).

Joint retainer

80 With the issue of joint interest out of the way, the only matter left to be
determined is whether Mr Yip was acting for the plaintiff and defendants
pursuant to a joint retainer (whether express or implied). The following
comment in _The Law of Privilege_ at para 6.02 provides a useful starting
point for the analysis:

Joint privilege will arise when two (or more) parties jointly retain the same
lawyer. In such circumstances the parties retain no confidence against one
another and each of them is entitled to benefit from any privileged
communication arising out of that retainer. Indeed, it matters not whether the
privileged communication is addressed by the lawyer to one or both of them;
likewise, if one of the parties communicates with the lawyer pursuant to the
joint retainer, there is no privilege as against the other in respect of that
communication. …

81 Parties who grant a joint retainer to solicitors retain no confidence as
against one another: if they subsequently fall out and sue one another, they
cannot claim privilege: _Hellenic Mutual War Risks Association (Bermuda) Ltd
And General Contractors Importing and Services Enterprises v Harrison (The
Sagherra)_ [1997] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 160 at 165–166.

82 I turn now to consider whether the defendants have discharged their burden
of proving that RWY was jointly engaged by the plaintiff and defendants
(whether pursuant to an express or implied retainer).

Was there a solicitor-client relationship between the defendants and RWY?

83 Before me, the defendants asserted that the plaintiff had, prior to its
engagement of Mr Yip, sought and obtained the approval of Ms Lee. This
suggests that the plaintiff was tasked to engage Mr Yip on behalf of all the
parties to the Proposed Agreement.

84 There are thus two related issues. The first issue is whether there was an
express joint retainer, _ie_ , whether the plaintiff had appointed Mr Yip on
behalf of all the parties to the Proposed Agreement. If the answer is no, the
second issue arises, _viz_ , whether an implied retainer had subsequently
arisen between the defendants and RWY in the circumstances surrounding the
negotiations in relation to the Proposed Agreement.

Express retainer

85 I am unable to accept the defendants’ contention that there was an express
joint retainer. My reasons are as follows.

Previous conduct

86 The defendants’ contention that RWY was jointly engaged to represent all
the parties to the Proposed Agreement is plainly incongruent with the
defendants’ previous course of conduct. It is undisputed that the defendants
were unrepresented while the plaintiff was represented in the previous CBSAs
entered into between 2007 and 2009. This is reflected in the following table.

S/N |  Agreement |  Parties’ Representation  
---|---|---  
1 |  2007 CBSA dated 5 October 2007 |  Plaintiff – Raslan Loong Defendants – unrepresented  
2 |  Supplemental 2007 CBSA dated 16 October 2008 |  Plaintiff – Raslan Loong Defendants – unrepresented  
3 |  Personal Guarantee and Indemnity dated 5 October 2007 |  Plaintiff – Raslan Loong Defendants – unrepresented  
4 |  Supplemental Personal Guarantee and Indemnity dated 16 October 2008 |  Plaintiff – Raslan Loong Defendants – unrepresented  
5 |  2008 CBSA dated 16 October 2008 |  Plaintiff – Raslan Loong Defendants – unrepresented  
6 |  Supplemental 2008 CBSA dated 16 October 2008 |  Plaintiff – Raslan Loong Defendants – unrepresented  
7 |  Personal Guarantee and Indemnity dated 16 October 2008 |  Plaintiff – Raslan Loong Defendants – unrepresented  
8 |  Supplemental 2009 CBSA |  Plaintiff – Wong, Gowry, and Yip (Mr Yip’s previous firm) Defendants – unrepresented  
  
  

87 In 2007, the plaintiff had encouraged the defendants to engage their own
legal counsel. The defendants declined because they did not want to spend
money on their own legal fees given that they were already contractually
obliged to pay for the plaintiff’s legal fees.[note: 19] Thereafter, the
defendants were apparently content to be unrepresented for the other CBSAs
that were subsequently concluded between the parties.

88 Against that backdrop, it seems rather odd that the defendants made an
about-turn on the issue of legal representation when it came to the Proposed
Agreement. At the hearing before me, the defendants’ counsel suggested that
the nature of the Proposed Agreement was different from the previous CBSAs. He
said that if the Proposed Agreement had proceeded, one of its effects was to
dilute the shareholdings of all the parties, and that it was not inconceivable
that all the parties would have used the same solicitor in light of this
common interest. As was pointed out by the plaintiff’s counsel, this assertion
is wholly unsubstantiated. The defendants have not come forward to say on
affidavit that they realised the need for legal representation because of the
character and effect of the Proposed Agreement.

Email correspondence

89 I am also unable to agree with the defendants’ interpretation of the email
correspondence in which Ms Lee’s approval was allegedly sought and given for
the appointment of Mr Yip. I will first set out the contents of the relevant
emails.

90 By an email dated 12 September 2011 at 11.16 am, the plaintiff’s
representative, Mr Andi, wrote to Ms Lee:

Dear Ms Lee,

As I understand from Marcus, I believe that now we have reached an agreement
on the Term Sheet for the Diamond restructuring and is in [sic] process of
signing it. Please be advised that upon signing of the term sheet, as [_sic_]
formal agreement will follow. _We will use [Mr Yip] from [RWY], who drafted
the last supplemental agreement for our restructuring, to draft this 2 nd
supplemental agreement. The expected cost would be around RM 12-15k, which is
approximately the same as the previous one_.

[emphasis added]

91 In an email dated 13 September 2011 at 11.14 am, Ms Lee replied as follows:

Dear Andi,

**_Noted_** the name of the lawyer. Is first draft ready for review?

[emphasis added in bold italics]

92 Ms Lee in her affidavit asserted that Mr Andi was seeking her approval for
the joint engagement of Mr Yip to advise both the plaintiff as well as the
defendants on the terms of the Proposed Agreement. She further asserted that
there would otherwise be no reason for Mr Andi to email her informing her of
the same, or to seek her approval for their estimated professional fees. I am
unable to agree with her interpretation of the above emails.

93 _First_ , from the plain words of the email correspondence, it is difficult
to infer that the plaintiff was seeking Ms Lee’s approval for the engagement
of Mr Yip. In the same vein, it is also difficult to infer from Ms Lee’s reply
that she had approved of the same. Rather, in my view, it is evident that the
purpose of Mr Andi’s email was to notify Ms Lee of the plaintiff’s intention
to engage Mr Yip to prepare the Proposed Agreement and an estimate of the
professional fees that would be incurred. This is entirely consistent with the
parties’ understanding that Polimet was to bear all legal costs incurred in
connection with the CBSAs and the supplemental agreements. Indeed, her short
response “[n]oted” is consistent with the view that she was merely being
provided with information as to the identity of the lawyer.

94 _Second_ and more significantly, Ms Lee had no authority to approve RWY’s
appointment on behalf of Polimet because she was not a director of Polimet at
the material time. Mr Chia and Ms Yeo were the only directors of Polimet
then,[note: 20] and it is undisputed that Polimet’s board of directors were
not asked to consider the issue of who to appoint as Polimet’s counsel. In any
case, Ms Lee could not consent to the appointment of RWY on behalf of the
remaining defendants since there is no evidence to show that she had authority
to do so except on behalf of herself.

95 _Third_ , if the parties had indeed agreed that the plaintiff was to
appoint Mr Yip on behalf of all the parties to the Proposed Agreement, the
parties would have had to inform Mr Yip of the arrangement. It is
inconceivable that an express joint retainer can be concluded without the
lawyer’s knowledge. Furthermore, there is no evidence that Mr Yip knew or
understood that he was acting for all the parties at the point of engagement.
In contrast, the material before me showed that Mr Yip was under the
impression that the plaintiff was his only client. He had re-used the file
reference that was previously used for the previous matter that he handled for
Kendall Court. It is his evidence that this was done because there was no
change in client since Kendall Court gave instructions on behalf of the
plaintiff in relation to the Proposed Agreement. Mr Yip further stated that if
he had been jointly engaged by both sides, he would have opened a new file in
September 2011.

96 Whilst the defendants have attempted to discredit Mr Yip’s evidence by
asserting that Mr Yip had ample reason to favour the plaintiff since he had
acted for the plaintiff in the past, this is a bald assertion. It bears
recalling that the onus is on the defendants to prove that there was an
express joint retainer since they are the ones challenging the plaintiff’s
claim of privilege and alleging the existence of joint privilege. Discrediting
the plaintiff’s evidence does not amount to such proof.

97 Finally, I would like to conclude the issue with the observation that the
defendants’ case appears to lack internal coherence. On one hand, the
defendants argue that Ms Lee’s approval was sought for the engagement of Mr
Yip for the plaintiff and the defendants.[note: 21] On the other hand, the
defendants also contend that Mr Chia, being one of the nominee directors of
Polimet at the material time, had appointed RWY on behalf of both the
plaintiff and Polimet.[note: 22] Leaving aside the question of Ms Lee’s
authority, why would her approval be necessary if Mr Chia could, in his
capacity as the plaintiff’s nominee director on Polimet’s board, engage Mr Yip
on behalf of the plaintiff as well as Polimet? In addition, even if it is
accepted that Mr Chia had indeed engaged RWY on behalf of Polimet and the
plaintiff, the defendants’ argument would fail for a further reason – there is
no suggestion that Mr Chris Chia had the authority to appoint RWY on behalf of
the second to fifth defendants as well.

98 For the foregoing reasons, I find that there was no express joint retainer.
In other words, I find that Mr Yip was singly appointed as the plaintiff’s
lawyer at the point of engagement. I now turn to consider if an implied
retainer had subsequently arisen between Mr Yip and the defendants during the
negotiations for the Proposed Agreement.

Implied retainer

99 Before delving into the analysis proper, it bears repeating that RWY is a
Malaysian law firm and Mr Yip is a Malaysian lawyer. The meeting took place at
RWY’s offices in Kuala Lumpur. Neither side raised the question as to whether
it is the professional conduct rules of Singapore or Malaysia which are
relevant (if at all) in determining the question whether an implied retainer
had arisen. This is a point to which brief reference has been made at [67]
above. To be clear, whilst references was made to the Singapore Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed) (“PCR”),
no submissions or evidence was placed before me as to whether the equivalent
Malaysian rules were the same or different. The significance of the
professional conduct rules is that they may assist as relevant background
material against which the statements and conduct of Mr Yip is to be assessed
as part of the determination of whether an implied retainer had arisen. Apart
from a reference to a Malaysian decision on the duty of a lawyer to a party
with no legal representation discussed below at [126], there was no evidence
as to the Malaysian Rules brought before me. As I have mentioned at [68]
above, I shall proceed on the basis that Singapore law applies for this issue
in the absence of proof of Malaysian law. I shall address this matter further
below.

100 This case raises the difficult question of the extent of a lawyer’s duty
to unrepresented parties who have interests that are opposed to his client’s.
There are various ethical rules that may come into play. On one hand, it is
well established that a lawyer is duty-bound to advocate and advance his
client’s interests fearlessly within available legal means: see r 12 of the
PCR. As a corollary, the lawyer is not permitted to act against his client by
advising another party with opposing interests: r 30 PCR. On the other hand,
the lawyer is under an obligation to not take unfair advantage of third
parties, including opposing parties: see r 53A of the PCR. I pause to briefly
observe that the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 2015 (S
706/2015) (“PCR 2015”) has recently come in force on 18 November 2015,
superseding the earlier PCR (the provisions of which will be considered in
this judgment). To be clear, only the provisions of the earlier PCR are
relevant to the present application.

101 Where an opposing party elects to be unrepresented, the lawyer has to
strike a balance between doing his best for the client and not taking unfair
advantage of the opponent’s lack of legal knowledge. In these situations, the
lawyer is placed in an invidious position. Should he overreach by providing
more assistance to the opponent than he ought to, the lawyer could find
himself with a new putative client if an implied retainer is found. Besides
that, he may also find himself in breach of his duty not to act against his
(original) client. However, should he provide less assistance than he ought
to, he could be blamed for having taken unfair advantage of third parties.
This, put broadly, was the dilemma that Mr Yip found himself to be in.

102 With the above in mind, it is apposite to now consider the law on implied
retainers. I begin with the leading case in Singapore, _Anwar Patrick_ , in
which the Court of Appeal held that “[a] retainer might be implied where, on
an objective consideration of all the circumstances, an intention to enter
into such a contractual relationship ought fairly and properly to be imputed
to all the parties” (at [49]).

103 In _Anwar Patrick_ , the solicitor in question had been retained by Agus
Anwar to assist him on various financial transactions. A bank with which Agus
maintained a credit facility demanded further collateral when the value of
Agus’ existing collateral diminished. Agus told his solicitor that he was
agreeable to the terms save for the term that required his sons to provide
personal guarantees. Subsequently, the bank sent his solicitor security
documents which required Agus’ sons to each provide a personal guarantee. The
solicitor forwarded the security documents to Agus’ sons who signed them.
Later, as Agus was unable to meet his obligations under the credit facility,
the bank commenced a suit against Agus and his sons.

104 Agus’ sons commenced a suit against the solicitor in question for failing
to bring the personal guarantee clauses to their attention or advising them on
it before they signed off. The Court of Appeal found an implied retainer.
Several factors were taken into account.

105 From the perspective of the solicitor, he had signed off as “the solicitor
for the mortgagors” on the Certificate of Correctness which formed part of the
security documents. As a seasoned solicitor, he had to be taken to have known
of the importance of his signing the Certificate of Correctness which was an
official document of paramount importance. Thus, from an objective standpoint,
he must have thought that he had the authority to act for Agus’ sons and that
he was their agent (at [58]).

106 From the perspective of the putative clients, they would have legitimately
considered the respondent to be their solicitor. The respondent had signed off
as their solicitor on the Certificate of Correctness. The respondent was the
only legally trained person on their side, and the other side had a solicitor
representing them as well. They were therefore entitled to think that the
respondent was their solicitor on record (which he was) who would help them
through the transaction (at [59]).

107 In _Anwar Patrick_ , reference was made to the earlier case of _The Law
Society of Singapore v Ahmad Khalis bin Abdul Ghani_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 308 (“
_Ahmad Khalis_ ”). In _Ahmad Khalis_ , the Court of Three Judges found an
implied retainer. One of the issues that arose was whether an advocate and
solicitor who had been engaged to act for the administrator of an estate also
acted for the remaining beneficiaries of the estate by implication. The
solicitor was held to have been engaged under an implied retainer because of
several reasons. First, he had given express advice on the relevant documents
to the putative clients without qualifying the answers or telling them that
they should seek independent advice. Further, he did not say or make it clear
to the putative clients that he was acting solely for his original client.
Additionally, the solicitor had acted for the estate in petitioning for the
letters of administration. All of these happened in a situation where there
was no other solicitor acting for the putative clients. Thus, the Court of
Three Judges was satisfied that there was an implied retainer between the
solicitor and the beneficiaries.

108 In _The Law Society of Singapore v Uthayasurian Sidambaram_ [2009] 4
SLR(R) 674 (“ _Uthayasurian_ ”), the respondent-solicitor acted for the
complainant who was an investor in a proposed joint development of a piece of
land (“the Property”) with the Royal Brunei Government (“RBG”).

109 The project commenced in 2001 when the respondent was approached by one
Ang, who claimed to be a close business associate of another named PSN who
represented RBG’s business interests in Singapore. PSN allegedly represented
to the respondent over the telephone that he could take instructions from Ang
or his son, Atamaya. The respondent was subsequently introduced to one Lim.
Lim had incorporated a company, LKIL, and claimed that he had PSN’s consent to
negotiate with potential developers and that LKIL was to enter into a joint
development agreement with RBG. The approved developer would then enter into a
joint venture with LKIL or become a subsidiary of LKIL.

110 In April 2006, the respondent was informed by Ang that he had found a
potential joint developer, Chin, a director and shareholder of another
company, LKIPL. The respondent prepared a pre-contract agreement for the joint
development of the Property (“the Pre-Contract Agreement”) between LKIL and
LKIPL. However, Ang subsequently informed the respondent that Chin was found
not to be a suitable joint developer.

111 Around this time, the complainant decided to invest $1m into the project
as well as buy out Chin’s interest. He appointed the respondent as his
solicitor and signed a warrant to act. The complainant deposited $1m into the
respondent’s client account and following that, authorised Ang to disburse
funds on his behalf. Sums were subsequently released pursuant to Ang’s
instructions.

112 An issue that arose was whether the respondent had, by implication, acted
for all the parties in the project. The Court of Three Judges held that on an
objective consideration of all the circumstances, there was an implied
retainer between the respondent-solicitor and all the parties to the project.

(a) First, the respondent acted only on the instructions of Ang in relation to
the disbursement of funds.

(b) Second, in the interim bill tendered, the respondent stated that the
payment of $100,000 was for the work done and services rendered to all the
parties, not simply the complainant.

(c) Third, both PSN and Atamaya gave instructions via their conduit, Ang.

(d) Fourth, the respondent prepared the Pre-Contract Agreement under which Lim
and LKIL both agreed to jointly develop the Property subject to LKIL securing
the mandate from RBG.

(e) Finally, under cross-examination, the respondent testified that he was
“acting for PSN” as well as for LKIL and Lim.

113 The observations of the Court of Three Judges are illuminating (at
[41]–[42]):

41 … It is our view that an implied retainer had clearly arisen between the
parties and the respondent. In _Law Society of Singapore v Ahmad Khalis bin
Abdul Ghani_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 308 (“ _Ahmad Khalis_ ”), this court considered
whether an advocate and solicitor who represented the administrator of an
estate also acted for the beneficiaries of the estate by implication and
emphasised that the existence of an implied retainer depends “very much on the
precise factual matrix concerned” (at [64]). Pointing to clear evidence of an
implied retainer arising between the beneficiaries and the solicitor, such as
the solicitor rendering advice on a renunciation document to the
beneficiaries, informing them of the costs and the delay in having a co-
administrator, this court concluded that the solicitor must have been acting
for both the administrator as well as the beneficiaries (at [67]). As noted by
Prof Pinsler in _Ethics and Professional Responsibility_ at para 14-005, this
must be considered in an objective context – it would not do well for an
advocate and solicitor to argue, for instance, that he believed that such a
relationship of solicitor-client did not come into existence if such a belief
were found to be unreasonable (_Dean v Allin & Watts_ [2001] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
249, cited in _Ahmad Khalis_ at [66]). Prof Pinsler also states in _Ethics and
Professional Responsibility_ at para 14-005 that “[i]t is essential to take
into account the person’s perspective: did this person reasonably believe that
such a relationship had arisen?” We also note the incisive observations by
Frederic T Horne in _Cordery’s Law relating to Solicitors_ (Butterworths, 8th
Ed, 1988) of instances where a retainer may be implied (at p 51):

A retainer may be implied where:

i) the client acquiesces in and adopts the proceedings;

ii) the client is estopped by his conduct from denying the right of the
solicitors to act …, or from denying the existence of the retainer …;

iii) the client has by conduct performed part of the contract of employment …;

iv) the client has consented to a consolidation order. …

42 More particularly, in _Cordery on Solicitors_ (Anthony Holland gen ed)
(LexisNexis UK, 9th Ed, 1995, 2004 Release) at para E 425 (and cited by Prof
Pinsler in _Ethics and Professional Responsibility_ at para 14-006), it has
been emphatically stated as follows:

A retainer may be implied where, on an objective consideration of all the
circumstances, an intention to enter into such a contractual relationship
ought fairly and properly to be imputed to all the parties. The implication
would have to be so clear that the solicitor ought to have appreciated it.
Circumstances to be taken into account might include, where appropriate, who
is paying the [solicitor’s] fees, who is providing instructions and whether a
contractual relationship has existed between the parties in the past.
[emphasis added]

114 The plaintiff has referred me to the English High Court decision in
_Burkle Holding v David Eric Laing_ [2005] EWHC 638 (“ _Burkle v Laing_ ”).
The case concerned an application for disclosure of specific documents
relating to two loan transactions between Burkle (lender) and Mr Laing
(borrower). Burkle’s lawyer, Mr Kelly, had prepared a loan agreement for both
Burkle and Mr Laing to sign. Mr Laing claimed that Mr Kelly was acting for
both Burkle and Mr Laing on the basis of a joint retainer, and sought
disclosure of the documents on that basis

115 No disclosure was ordered and the court’s reasoning was as follows. The
test of whether or not Mr Laing and Mr Kelly were in a solicitor-client
relationship at the relevant time requires answering the question of whether
Mr Kelly gave Mr Laing advice relating to his rights, obligations or remedies
under private law. In coming to the conclusion that there was no solicitor-
client relationship between Mr Kelly and Mr Laing, the court took the
following matters into account.

(a) The court found that the correspondence between Mr Kelly and a third party
contained references to “our client” and “my client” which clearly meant
Burkle. But there were no references to Mr Kelly acting for Mr Laing (at [60],
[62] and [67]).

(b) It is a well-recognised circumstance in relation to a loan agreement that
the borrower pays the lender’s costs. A letter from a solicitor to a borrower
informing him that he was to be responsible for the solicitor’s costs does not
necessarily connote or establish a solicitor-client relationship between the
borrower and the solicitor (at [70]).

116 A few key points may be gleaned from the discussion of the cases above.
First and foremost, it bears emphasising that the inquiry is one that is
extremely fact-sensitive: see _Ahmad Khalis_ at [64]. The factual matrix will
be evaluated in its entirety and it is unlikely that any single factor will be
determinative.

117 Second, the perspectives of the parties involved are relevant and material
to determine whether an implied retainer had arisen in the circumstances.
Ultimately, it is a question of whether an intention to enter into a
contractual relationship ought fairly and properly to be imputed to _all the
parties_. The inquiry is by no means limited to the perspective of the
putative clients, although having said that, the perspective of the alleged
putative clients would nonetheless feature significantly. More critically, the
subjective intentions and perspectives of the parties are not the be all and
end all; they must be construed in an objective context. As was held in _Ahmad
Khalis_ , “the question is whether it was reasonable for the respondent or the
beneficiaries to have arrived at the conclusions that they did in respect of
their characterisation of their relationship _inter se_ ” (at [66]).

118 Finally, these are some of the factors that have led to the finding of an
implied retainer:

(a) Solicitor providing advice to the alleged putative client without
qualifying the answers or informing the latter to seek independent advice:
_Ahmad Khalis_ ;

(b) Solicitor failing to clarify that he was not acting for the alleged
putative client: _Ahmad Khalis_ ;

(c) Solicitor signing off as the solicitor for the alleged putative client on
a legally important document: _Anwar Patrick_ ;

(d) Solicitor issuing an invoice that included work done and services rendered
to the alleged putative clients: _Uthayasurian_ ; and

(e) Solicitor taking instructions from the alleged putative client:
_Uthayasurian_.

119 Applying the principles set out above, I find that an implied retainer did
not arise between RWY and the defendants. My reasons are as follows.

The Invoice

120 One of the reasons why the AR found an implied retainer was that RWY
issued the Invoice to Polimet. In this connection, the defendants also placed
reliance on the Invoice which stated _inter alia_ that Mr Yip had liaised with
and advised both parties (reproduced at [32(d)] above). In my view, however,
the addressee and the contents of the Invoice do not unequivocally point to
the existence of an implied retainer between the defendants and Mr Yip.

121 The Invoice cannot create an engagement. What is relevant is what
transpired before the Invoice was issued. Whilst I accept that the Invoice may
evidence Mr Yip’s own understanding as to who he was representing, I am not
inclined to place too much weight on the description of work done in the
Invoice since Mr Yip has given evidence that he acted only for the plaintiff,
and that he did not prepare the description of work done in the Invoice.[note:
23] Further, the Invoice was sent to Polimet only because there was an
understanding that the borrower (Polimet) was to pay the lender’s (the
plaintiff’s) legal costs. It is not disputed that there was such an
understanding.

The Malaysian statement of claim

122 The defendant also relies on a statement of claim filed by RWY in Malaysia
in March 2015 where it is stated that: “[t]he terms of the legal services
rendered by [RWY] to [Polimet] are as stated in [RWY’s] invoice” (“the
Malaysian SOC”).[note: 24] To provide some context, the Malaysian proceedings
were commenced by RWY to recover, from Polimet, fees for their legal services.
The statement relied upon by the defendants, when construed in its context,
does not lead to the unequivocal conclusion that Mr Yip had understood himself
to be advising both sides to the transaction. In fact, it was clearly stated
in the Malaysian SOC that RWY’s client was _the plaintiff_. The relevant part
of the Malaysian SOC reads:[note: 25]

In year 2011, [the plaintiff] … had retained the service of [RWY] to prepare
the [Proposed Agreement] to be executed by [the plaintiff] and [Polimet]
whereby [Polimet] had agreed, inter alia, with [the plaintiff] to bear all
cost incurred including but not limited to legal fees and disbursements for
the preparation and execution of the said Agreement.

In this context, it is clear that the reference to “legal services rendered by
[RWY] to [Polimet]” cannot be construed to mean that RWY was advising all the
parties. The Malaysian SOC was directed at Polimet only because of the
parties’ understanding that Polimet was to pay for the plaintiff’s legal fees.
That does not in itself make Polimet RWY’s client.

123 In any case, the defendants’ position is not that the plaintiff and
Polimet alone were RWY’s/Mr Yip’s clients. Instead, the defendants’ case is
that the plaintiff and _all_ the defendants were jointly represented by RWY
through Mr Yip. For this reason, it would be illogical for the defendants to
rely on a throwaway statement in proceedings that were solely directed at
Polimet to support the contention that there was an implied retainer between
_all_ the defendants and Mr Yip. That said, I note that the defendants have
suggested that there was an agreement between all the parties that Polimet was
to bear the legal costs incurred by the plaintiff, Polimet as well as the
second to fifth defendants.[note: 26] Again, this is but a bare assertion.
There has been no evidence tendered in support of this assertion.

The “advice” that was provided

124 It bears recalling that the AR found that Mr Yip had advised the
defendants and did not state that he was singly engaged by the plaintiff.
Moreover, according to the defendants, Mr Yip had provided them with advice on
several occasions.

(a) At the 7 October 2011 Meeting, Mr Yip advised, _inter alia_ , Ms Lee and
Mr Ong on the legal effect of the terms of the Proposed Agreement.[note: 27]

(b) In an email dated 10 October 2011, Mr Yip expressly advised the defendants
on the legal implications of various clauses in the Proposed Agreement and
asked for Ms Lee’s instructions on whether to proceed with the execution of
the Proposed Agreement.[note: 28]

(c) On or around 20 October 2011, Mr Ong had certain reservations about his
personal liability under the Proposed Agreement and requested that Mr Yip
issue a letter of advice to him explaining the same. Ms Lee relayed Mr Ong’s
request to Mr Yip, and Mr Yip replied that he would have to “run [the letter
of advice] by Mr Chris Chia (the Plaintiff’s representative) before issuing
[it]”.[note: 29]

(d) On 21 October 2011, Mr Yip issued the 21 October 2011 Letter, a “letter of
advice” to Mr Ong and Ms Lee advising them of the legal effect of the various
clauses under the Proposed Agreement and their liability under the same.[note:
30] Subsequently, on 15 November 2011, Mr Yip issued a revised letter of
advice to clarify the contents of the first letter and to inform Mr Ong of his
obligations (“the 15 November 2011 Letter”).[note: 31]

125 Against that, Mr Yip averred that he had only explained the terms of the
Proposed Agreement because the defendants were unrepresented and he believed
it was his duty to explain the terms as best as he could and not mislead the
defendants in any way.[note: 32] Mr Yip also stated that everything he did was
on the instruction of, and only of, the plaintiff. The plaintiff asserts that
Mr Yip was simply discharging the duty of an advocate and solicitor to explain
the terms of the contract and the legal consequences fully and frankly so that
neither of the contracting parties has any unfair advantage over the
other.[note: 33] I also note Mr Yip’s assertion that at the 7 October 2011
Meeting, he had specifically informed the defendants that he could not advise
them and that if they had any concerns they were free to obtain their own
legal advice on the terms.[note: 34] Whilst Ms Lee claims that they were not
told to appoint their own lawyers, after reviewing the emails that followed
and the conduct of the parties, I have no reason to doubt Mr Yip’s
recollection as to what he had said at the meeting.

126 To this end, the plaintiff cites as authority the Malaysian case of
_Letchemy Arumugan v N Annamalay_ [1982] 2 MLJ 198 (“ _Letchemy Arumugan_ ”).
In that case, the plaintiff sought a rescission of a sale agreement executed
by her on the basis of fraudulent misrepresentation made by the defendant
developer. In allowing the plaintiff’s claim for rescission and fraudulent
misrepresentation, the court made the following observations on the duty of an
advocate and solicitor to an unrepresented party:

_Where a party, especially an ignorant or illiterate one, is unrepresented by
an advocate and solicitor in a transaction and the opposite party is
represented by one, it is the duty of the advocate and solicitor to explain
the terms and conditions of the contract and the legal consequences thereof
fully and frankly to the unrepresented party and ensure that this
unrepresented party understands the terms and conditions and legal
consequences fully, so that neither of the contracting parties has any unfair
advantage over the other._ Where there is a conflict of interest, as in this
case, the advocate and solicitor should advise the plaintiff to be separately
represented. The advocate and solicitor must at all times maintain his
professional ethics, honestly, integrity and independence. He should never
abuse his special position and the confidence reposed in him if he is not
maintain [_sic_] the public respect for and confidence in the legal
profession.

[emphasis added]

127 The defendants sought to distinguish _Letchemy Arumugan_ on the basis that
it involved an unrepresented illiterate party. However, it is clear from a
plain reading of the above passage that the duty is not confined to the
situation where the unrepresented party is ignorant or illiterate.
Pertinently, I note that _Letchemy Arumugan_ remains good law in Malaysia as
the above principle has been endorsed and applied in a more recent case of
_Loh Bee Tuan v Shing Yin Construction (Kota Kinabalu) Sdn Bhd & Ors_ [2002] 2
MLJ 532.

128 Whilst there has been some suggestion by the parties that the Singapore
and Malaysia professional and ethical rules differ on this issue, I disagree.
In my view, the principle stated in _Letchemy Arumugan_ is equally applicable
in the context of Singapore.

129 In Singapore, the rule against taking unfair advantage of third parties is
encapsulated in r 53A of the PCR. The rule states:

An advocate and solicitor shall not take unfair advantage of any person or act
towards anyone in a way which is fraudulent, deceitful or otherwise contrary
to his position as advocate and solicitor or officer of the Court.

130 Some useful observations on this rule were made by the Disciplinary
Tribunal in _The Law Society of Singapore v Ong Teck Ghee_ [2014] SGDT 7 (at
[97] and [98]):

97\. The first observation of this provision is that it covers an advocate and
solicitor’s relationship with “any person”. It is not predicated on the
existence of a solicitor and client relationship or a retainer. The next
observation is that it has a wide reach in that it is not confined to conduct
which is fraudulent or deceitful, but covers the taking of “unfair advantage
of any person ……. contrary to his position as advocate and solicitor or
officer of the Court”.

98\. The strict standard of conduct demanded of an advocate and solicitor in
his relationship with others, even if the other person is not a client, stems
from the fact that an advocate and solicitor is a member of an honourable
profession. To behave otherwise would be contrary to his position as an
advocate and solicitor. _There is certainly no honour in a person schooled in
law taking unfair advantage of a person who is not so schooled_. …

[emphasis added]

131 The rule against taking unfair advantage of third parties must be
construed in the light of a solicitor’s duty to not act against his client’s
interests. Rule 30 of the PCR reads:

30.—(1) An advocate and solicitor or any member of his law firm or any
director or employee of the law corporation of which the advocate and
solicitor is a director or an employee or any partner or employee of the
limited liability law partnership of which the advocate and solicitor is a
partner or an employee **_shall decline to advise a person whose interests are
opposed to that of a client he is representing on any matter_** and shall
inform such person to obtain independent legal advice.

(2) If the person does not obtain such independent legal advice, the advocate
and solicitor is under a duty to ensure that the person is not under an
impression that his interests are protected by the advocate and solicitor.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

132 On one hand, the solicitor cannot take unfair advantage of a counterparty
that is not so schooled in the law. On the other hand, he cannot overreach by
advising a person with opposing interests. How should the line be drawn? In
_Ethics and Professional Responsibility: A Code for the Advocate and
Solicitor_ (Academy Publishing, 2007), Prof Pinsler states at para 25-012:

The advocate and solicitor would also act improperly if he gives _bona fide_
advice to the unrepresented party as his actions may constitute a breach of
his duty to his client (by compromising his case) and give rise to an implied
retainer between the advocate and solicitor and the formerly unrepresented
party. Such conduct could result in a conflict of interests between his
original client and the formerly unrepresented party.

133 With respect, the above passage begs the question as to what constitutes
“advice” for the purposes of r 30 of the PCR. In this connection, I note that
counsel for the plaintiff has urged me to draw a distinction between the
situation where a solicitor merely explains the legal effect of contractual
terms, and the situation where the solicitor goes further by advising parties
how they should proceed.

134 In _The Law Society of Singapore v Surinder Singh Dhillon_ [2010] SGDT 8
(“ _Surinder Singh Dhillon_ ”), the Disciplinary Tribunal observed that the
word “advice” cannot be given its entire natural and ordinary meaning in the
context of r 30 (at [2.2.9]–[2.2.10]):

2.2.29 … It is a common occurrence that a solicitor representing a client is
contacted by a person whose interests are opposed to the client’s interests
and who seeks advice. This typically happens in a debt-recovery claim where a
debtor will contact the creditor’s solicitor directly and ask the creditor’s
solicitor what he (the debtor) ought to do. In these cases, the creditor’s
solicitor typically tells the debtor that he should make full payment as
demanded failing which legal action will ensue with the consequences being
judgment, execution and possibly bankruptcy. Simply saying this is, in the
ordinary and natural meaning of the word, the giving of “advice”. _But to
interpret the word “advice” so widely would be impracticable and out of touch
with the realities of practice._ More importantly, giving the word “advice”
such a broad meaning does not advance the underlying policy of the conflict of
interest rules – no client could reasonably feel betrayed or could reasonably
feel that his relationship of trust and confidence with his solicitor had been
fatally compromised by the solicitor giving advice of this nature, which in
fact is a warning, to the debtor.

2.2.10 It would be different if the creditor’s solicitor went on to tell the
debtor that if he (the debtor) was not in a position to pay his debts in full,
he should propose an individual voluntary arrangement which would, if passed
by the requisite majority, bind all creditors including dissenting creditors
to a compromise. In that situation, the solicitor has surely gone too far. The
distinguishing feature appears to be whether or not the solicitor is, in the
communication with the opposing party, seeking to safeguard or advance the
opposing party’s interests instead of his client’s. _If the solicitor is not
attempting to safeguard or advance the opposing party’s interests, then the
content of that communication cannot be “advice” within the meaning of Rule
30._ This is, admittedly, a fine line but one which practitioners will be able
readily to recognise.

[emphasis added]

135 The decision in _Surinder Singh Dhillon_ aligns the Singapore position
with the American Bar Association’s Model Rules of Professional Conduct
(“ABA’s Model Rules”). Model Rule 4.3 of the ABA’s Model Rules states:

**_Transactions With Persons Other Than Clients_**

**Rule 4.3 Dealing With Unrepresented Person**

In dealing on behalf of a client with a person who is not represented by
counsel, a lawyer shall not state or imply that the lawyer is disinterested.
When the lawyer knows or reasonably should know that the unrepresented person
misunderstands the lawyer’s role in the matter, the lawyer shall make
reasonable efforts to correct the misunderstanding. The lawyer shall not give
legal advice to an unrepresented person, other than the advice to secure
counsel, if the lawyer knows or reasonably should know that the interests of
such a person are or have a reasonable possibility of being in conflict with
the interests of the client.

136 As was noted in Alvin Chen, “Declining to ‘Advise’ a Person with Opposing
Interests Under Rule 30 PCR” _Singapore Law Gazette_ (April 2012), a
significant difference between Model Rule 4.3 and r 30 of the PCR is that the
former appears to be stricter because it prohibits the giving of “legal
advice” except for advice to secure counsel. That said, it was also observed
that Model Rule 4.3 is qualified by Comment [2] which states:

The Rule distinguishes between situations involving unrepresented persons
whose interests may be adverse to those of the lawyer’s client and those in
which the person’s interests are not in conflict with the client’s. In the
former situation, the possibility that the lawyer will compromise the
unrepresented person’s interests is so great that the Rule prohibits the
giving of any advice, apart from the advice to obtain counsel. Whether a
lawyer is giving impermissible advice may depend on the experience and
sophistication of the unrepresented person, as well as the setting in which
the behavior and comments occur. This Rule does not prohibit a lawyer from
negotiating the terms of a transaction or settling a dispute with an
unrepresented person. _So long as the lawyer has explained that the lawyer
represents an adverse party and is not representing the person, the lawyer may
inform the person of the terms on which the lawyer's client will enter into an
agreement or settle a matter, prepare documents that require the person's
signature and explain the lawyer's own view of the meaning of the document or
the lawyer's view of the underlying legal obligations._

[emphasis added]

137 Under r 30 of the PCR, a solicitor is not precluded from explaining the
meaning of documents and stating his view of the underlying legal obligations
to an unrepresented counterparty so long as he makes it clear that he is not
representing the person and that independent advice should be sought. To my
mind, this is also a factor to be considered when determining if an implied
retainer exists between a solicitor and an unrepresented counterparty to the
transaction. It must be appreciated that the rules governing implied retainers
do not operate in isolation from the rules contained in the PCR. Together,
they reflect policy considerations that must ultimately form a sound and
coherent ethical framework.

138 Bearing in mind the preceding analysis, I am of the considered view that
merely explaining the legal effect does not amount to “advice” for the
purposes of finding an implied retainer. An implied retainer should only be
found when the solicitor has gone to the extent of providing advice for the
purposes of safeguarding or advancing the interests of the putative client.
This view is consistent also with the cases in which an implied retainer has
been found.

139 In any event, even if I am wrong and the Singapore PCR provisions are
different (stricter) from those in Malaysia, I note the further submissions of
the plaintiff and indeed the defendants, that the Singapore PCR provisions
were not applicable to Mr Yip. At the material time, Mr Yip was an advocate
and solicitor of the High Court of Malaya operating out of a law firm in Kuala
Lumpur. Mr Yip was not operating in Singapore (at that time) and he was not an
advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore. He did not possess a
practising certificate in Singapore. It is clear that Mr Yip was subject to
the professional and ethical rules of the Malaysian bar. The precarious
position that Mr Yip refers to (see [147] below) and which provides the
context of his meeting and communications with the defendants concern his
ethical and professional duties in Malaysia. This is the relevant background
context in which I approach the question whether an implied retainer was
entered into by RWY and the defendants as a result of the meeting and
communications.

140 In _Anwar Patrick_ , the solicitor had signed off as the “solicitor for
the mortgagors” in the Certificate of Correctness which formed part of the
security documents and the effect of the solicitor’s signature was to imply
that he had the authority to act as agent for and on behalf of the party in
respect of the instrument (_Anwar Patrick_ at [54]–[56]). In _Ahmad Khalis_ ,
the solicitor was introduced to the putative clients as a friend and a lawyer
who was there to assist them (_Ahmad Khalis_ at [46]). The beneficiaries of
the estate (the putative clients) were uncomfortable with the solicitor’s
client being appointed the sole administrator. In these circumstances, the
solicitor took it upon himself to address their misgivings by assuring them
that the sole administrator (his client) could not deal with the estate
property without their authorisation (_Ahmad Khalis_ at [44]). He did not
qualify his answers or tell the beneficiaries that they should seek
independent legal advice (at [48]). Neither did he say or make it clear to the
beneficiaries that he was acting only for the sole administrator (_Ahmad
Khalis_ at [48]). In _Uthayasurian_ , whilst there was no suggestion that the
respondent solicitor had advised the putative clients, he was found to have
taken instructions from them and acted on the same (_Uthayasurian_ at [43]).

141 It is evident that the solicitors in the aforementioned cases had ventured
beyond explaining or stating the legal effect of documents that were prepared.
They had actively advanced or purported to safeguard the interests of the
putative clients. That is to be contrasted with the case at hand. I find that
Mr Yip did not go to the extent of providing advice for the purposes of
safeguarding or advancing the interests of the defendants. My reasons are as
follows.

142 The defendants assert that Mr Yip had advised the defendants on the legal
effect of the terms of the Proposed Agreement during the 7 October 2011
Meeting. They do not say that Mr Yip advised them on the steps they ought to
take to advance or safeguard their interests. It is also Mr Yip’s evidence
that he made it clear during the meeting that he did not act for them.[note:
35]

143 The defendants also say that in an email dated 10 October 2011 (“the 10
October 2011 Email”), Mr Yip had expressly advised the defendants on the legal
implications of the various clauses in the Proposed Agreement. It would be
useful to reproduce this email in full.

Dear Ms. Lee,

Enclosed is the revised 2nd draft of the Supplementary Agreement with Kendall
Court’s comments marked thereon.

You may wish to take note of the following:-

1) Clause 1.1 – Definition of Distributable Proceeds

KC has no objections to the addition of the clarification on the definition.

2) Clause 4.3

The Clause has been duly amended to reflect the agreement between yourself and
KC’s Mr. Chris Chia that the debts in Category A are to be settled at the same
time as KC’s debts. Debts in Category B shall remain ranked in pari passu as
other unsecured creditors.

3) Clause 7.1

Clause 7.1 has been duly amended to add clarity to the Clause.

Please note that this Clause will have to be cross-referred to Clause 13.1 of
the Agreement which provides that in the event of default of any of the
Agreements herein by the issuer i.e. Breach of Agreement, then the Personal
Guarantees will revert to the Original obligation i.e. No longer $6.4 million
but the entire Bond amount. But this is only in the event of a default. If all
terms are complied with, then Clause 7.1 shall remain applicable.

4) Clause 14

References to ‘the Personal Guarantee Agreements” have been added to clarify
the application of the Clause and to obviate and [sic] dispute later in the
day.

5) Clause 14.1

**_Our client_** wishes this Clause to be maintained to state with clarity
that all other obligations (which are not specifically stated in the 2nd
Supplementary Agreement) shall remain binding on the respective parties.

6) Guarantors Consent

We have duly amended this Clause to reflect the provisions of Clause 7.1 of
the 2nd Supplementary Agreement.

Apart from the above, KC has no further comments.

If the terms as stated above have addressed the concerns raised in our recent
meeting at our office and reflect the terms negotiated with KC, then _please
provide us with your immediate instructions_ to proceed with the execution of
the 2nd Supplementary Agreement.

Your usual early attention is appreciated.

Thank you.

Regards,

YIP HUEN WENG

[emphasis added in bold italics]

144 It is clear from a perusal of the email that Mr Yip had not gone beyond
explaining the suggested amendments to the Proposed Agreement as well as
stating his client’s position on the same. Again, he did not purport to
safeguard or advance the defendants’ interests.

145 The defendants also say that Mr Yip had issued letters of advice to Mr Ong
and Ms Lee advising them of the legal effect of the various clauses under the
Proposed Agreement and their liability under the same. These are the 21
October 2011 Letter and the 15 November 2011 Letter. The contents of the
letters are substantially the same since the 15 November 2011 Letter is a
revised version of the earlier letter. The 15 November 2011 Letter
states:[note: 36]

We refer to the above matter and the telephone conversation between your Ms.
Lee Sin Peng and our Yip Huen Weng earlier this evening.

Pursuant thereto, we confirm our understanding of Clause 7 of the Proposed 2nd
Supplemental Bond Subscription Agreement (“the Agreement”), to be as follows:-

1) that upon the execution of the Agreement, the liability of the Guarantors,
Ms. Lee Sin Peng and Mr. Andy Ho (“the Guarantors”), under the Personal
Guarantee Agreements [as defined in the Agreement] (“the PG”) shall be capped
at USD$6,400,000-00;

2) that provided always that the terms of the Agreement are complied with,
upon:-

(i) the completion of the sale of the Boluo Property; **_OR_**

(ii) the achievement of the milestones as provided in Clause 7.1 of the
Agreement

then the Guarantors shall be liable for 50% of any shortfall of any other
balance amounts owing under the PG thereafter. However, **_our client_** would
still have recourse against the Issuer for any remaining outstanding
thereafter (subject, of course, to the distribution of proceeds as provided
under Clause 3 of the Agreement);

3) provided that the terms of the Agreement are complied with, the Bondholder
would not have recourse against any other party apart from those specifically
stated above i.e. the Guarantors and the Issuer (Polimet Pte Ltd), and shall
only have a claim against the Initial Shareholders for liabilities,
undertakings, warranties and/or obligations under the original Convertible
Bond Subscription Agreement dated 16 October 2008 (“the Principal Agreement”)
which were not specifically amended by the Agreement, in particular, Clauses
5.3(b), 5.7, 7, 8.2 and 12 of the Principal Agreement and/or where it has been
specifically provided for or consented to in writing by the Initial
Shareholders; and

4) in the unlikely event of any of the events of default as stated in Clause
12 of the Agreement, the Bondholder would be able to exercise any of its
rights as provided under the Bond Subscription Agreements, the Supplemental
Agreements and the PG as if the Agreement had never been executed.

We trust the above is sufficient for your purposes.

Please do not hesitate to contact the undersigned for any further
clarification/assistance required.

Yours faithfully,

YIP HUEN WENG

[emphasis added in bold italics]

146 Once again, there is no indication that Mr Yip provided advice that went
beyond explaining and clarifying the effects of certain terms in the 2007
CBSA. It bears noting that the letters of advice were only issued after the
plaintiff had cleared them.[note: 37] Further, the letters consistently
referred to the plaintiff as “[RWY’s] client” and had the plaintiff is copied
in its capacity as RWY’s client.[note: 38]

147 Finally, the defendants also assert that Mr Yip had acknowledged his role
as lawyer and adviser to both the plaintiff and the defendants. When Ms Lee
relayed Mr Ong’s request for a letter of advice explaining the latter’s
personal liability under the Proposed Agreement, Mr Yip replied that he would
have to run the letter of advice by Mr Chia, the plaintiff’s representative.
Ms Lee then wrote to Mr Yip reminding him that he was in a position where he
had to “advise both sides without fear or favour” and on a “neutral”
basis.[note: 39] Otherwise, she said, Mr Ong would insist on his own lawyer.
Mr Yip responded as follows:[note: 40]

Hi Ms Lee,

I appreciate the situation facing us but I just need to be sure that I am not
‘mis-advising’ Mr. Ong in any way. From my reading of the Initial Convertible
Bond Agreements, there were some undertakings which were provided by Mr. Ong
as an initial shareholder which I think, to be fair to Mr. Ong, I would have
to highlight to him as well.

Unfortunately, while I am proceeding to advise parties on a **_‘neutral’
basis_** , I must still ensure that such advise [_sic_] is accurate and
correct.

I trust you can appreciate my **_precarious position_** in the matter and I
shall revert to you before the end of today.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

148 Bearing in mind my earlier analysis of the nature of the letters, I cannot
accept that the above email was an acknowledgment by Mr Yip that he was acting
pursuant to a joint retainer. That is contrary to Mr Yip’s observation that he
was in a “precarious position” and also his actions taken thereafter.

149 Ms Lee’s email was clearly driven by her unhappiness that Mr Yip intended
to run the letter of advice by Mr Chia. If Mr Yip had wanted to advise parties
on a “neutral” basis, it would not have been necessary for him to subsequently
seek the plaintiff’s instructions on the letter of advice. Further, Mr Yip’s
reference to his “precarious position” cannot be disregarded; it is explicable
only on the basis that he could not go further than explaining the terms of
the Proposed Agreement for he was only acting for the plaintiff. If he were
acting pursuant to the alleged joint retainer, there would be no “precarious
position” to speak of.

The party giving instructions

150 The evidence before me shows that Mr Yip never took instructions directly
from the defendants. Even if he had done so, he cleared it with the plaintiff
before acceding to the defendants’ request.

151 _First_ , the plaintiff was the one who instructed RWY to prepare the
Proposed Agreement. The plaintiff was also the one who instructed Mr Yip to
arrange the 7 October 2011 Meeting and to go through the terms of the Proposed
Agreement with the defendants.[note: 41]

152 _Second_ , when Ms Lee relayed Mr Ong’s request for a letter regarding his
personal liability, Mr Yip made it clear that he would have to seek Mr Chia’s
clearance before issuing such a letter. Thereafter, Mr Yip sought and obtained
the plaintiff’s instructions to issue the letter and proceeded to issue the 21
October 2011 Letter. More pertinently, the 15 November 2011 Letter (the
purpose of which was to clarify the contents of the 21 October 2011 Letter)
was sent after the plaintiff instructed Mr Yip to accommodate the defendants’
request as best as he could in view of the fact that the defendants had
delayed execution of the Proposed Agreement for more than a month since the 7
October 2011 Meeting.[note: 42]

153 _Third_ , whilst the defendants assert that Mr Yip had requested for their
instructions in the 10 October 2011 Email[note: 43] (which has been reproduced
in full earlier at [143]), that email does not suggest that Mr Yip was seeking
the defendants’ instructions _qua_ the defendants’ lawyer. Rather, it is clear
that Mr Yip was writing in his capacity as the plaintiff’s lawyer. The purpose
of the email was to state his client’s (_ie_ , the plaintiff’s) position to
find out if the defendants were agreeable to the same. This interpretation is
fortified by looking at an earlier email in the same chain of correspondence.
In an email dated 7 October 2011 (sent shortly after the 7 October 2011
Meeting), Mr Yip said:[note: 44]

Dear Ms. Lee,

It was my privilege to have met with you, Mr. Ong, Mr. Andy Ho and Ms. Thong
earlier today.

Enclosed is a copy of the revised Supplemental Agreement as per our
discussion. We are forwarding a copy of the same simultaneously to **_our
client_** for their perusal. The final agreement is, of course, subject to any
further amendments **_our client_** may wish to make to the enclosed revised
Supplemental Agreement.

Kindly let us know if you have any further comments on the enclosed draft.

Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further clarification/assistance
required.

Regards,

YIP HUEN WENG

[emphasis added in bold italics]

154 Looking at the emails in their context, there were on-going negotiations
between the defendants and Mr Yip, who was the plaintiff’s agent. It bears
emphasising that Mr Yip had consistently referred to the plaintiff as his
client. He had also made it clear that whatever was discussed in the 7 October
2011 Meeting remained subject to his client’s approval. Thus, I cannot accept
the defendants’ contention that Mr Yip had requested for the defendants’
instructions _qua_ the defendants’ lawyer. I find, instead, that the plaintiff
was the only party that had instructed Mr Yip.

155 For completeness, I should add that the case of _Foo Ko Hing_ does not
assist the defendants’ case at all. In that case, it was held that solicitors
dealing with joint clients may take instructions from both of them jointly or
from one of them by convention or by express instructions. Here, there is no
suggestion at all that the parties had agreed that the plaintiff was to relay
instructions on behalf of the defendants.

The perspective of the defendants

156 In my view, none of the parties to the alleged implied retainer was
labouring under the impression that Mr Yip was representing them and
safeguarding their interests. The evidence shows that the defendants
appreciated Mr Yip’s role as the plaintiff’s lawyer. As mentioned earlier, Mr
Yip had also always taken the view that the plaintiff was his only client.

157 Significantly, Ms Lee herself accepted that RWY acted for the plaintiff.
In an email dated 29 May 2013, Ms Lee suggested that Kendall Court’s lawyer,
_ie_ , RWY, was to blame for Mr Ong’s failure to sign the Proposed Agreement.
Ms Lee attempted to explain away the statement on the basis that she was not
using the term “KC’s lawyer” in the sense of who had engaged Mr Yip, but in
the sense that it was the plaintiff that had recommended Mr Yip to draft the
Proposed Agreement, thereby resulting in the state of affairs.[note: 45] I do
not accept her explanation.

Concluding remarks

158 Looking at the circumstances in the round, I am of the considered view
that the defendants have not discharged their burden of proving that there was
an implied retainer between RWY and themselves. The material shows that Mr Yip
was always acting for the plaintiff _only_ and had only acted upon the
plaintiff’s instructions. Further, he had consistently, in correspondence sent
to all parties, made it clear that the plaintiff was his client. Whilst Mr Yip
did provide explanations of the contractual terms to the defendants, this in
itself is insufficient to give rise to an implied retainer. Mr Yip may have
walked the thin line, but I am not convinced that he had ventured into acting
for the defendants or leading the defendants to believe that he was acting for
them.

159 If I am wrong and there was indeed an implied retainer between the
defendants and Mr Yip, I turn to consider whether Mr Yip was acting for the
defendants under a joint or separate retainer.

Was there a joint retainer?

160 It bears recalling that the AR held that Mr Yip had acted for both parties
pursuant to a joint retainer. She did not accept the contention that there
were separate retainers because the plaintiff had been copied in all
correspondence between RWY and the defendants and the description of the
Invoice stated that RWY was providing “general advice for both parties’
benefit”.

Arguments

161 The plaintiff submits that the AR erred in her conclusion. It takes the
position that even if Mr Yip was acting for the defendants, it was pursuant to
a separate retainer because the plaintiff had not agreed, expressly or by
implication, to a joint retainer.

162 In _Burkle v Laing_ , whilst the court was satisfied that there was no
solicitor-client relationship between Mr Kelly and Mr Laing, it went on to say
that it would have, in any case, concluded that Mr Laing and Burkle had
separate retainers with Mr Kelly. This was because in order to have joint
retainers, Burkle would have had to agree, expressly or by implication, to
this position. There was no such agreement. Thus, if Mr Kelly was in fact
giving legal advice to Mr Laing and receiving instructions from both Mr Laing
and Burkle, they were separate instructions and there was no intention for the
advice given to one party to be given to the other.

163 The plaintiff also relies on _Nationwide Building Society v Various
Solicitors_ [1999] PNLR 52. In that case, the defendants had been retained to
act for the lenders and had also acted for the borrowers in the same
transaction. One of the issues that arose was the extent to which the
documents in the defendants’ files for the borrowers were immune from
production to the lender on grounds of legal professional privilege in favour
of the borrowers. Blackburne J held that a solicitor who acts for both
borrower and lender in a transaction owes separate duties of confidence to
each client. The question is whether the communication in question is
confidential, and if it is, what information contained in the communication
the borrower has authorised the solicitor to disclose to the lender (at 14).

Decision

164 I am of the view that the AR had placed undue weight on the fact that the
plaintiff was copied in all the correspondence between RWY and the defendants.
It is sufficient that there were independent communications between RWY and
the plaintiff. Mr Yip’s evidence is that while he had copied the plaintiff on
all his communications with the defendants, he did not copy the defendants on
his correspondence with the plaintiff.[note: 46]

165 No joint privilege will arise where one of the parties to the alleged
joint retainer consults the lawyer on an individual and exclusive basis. In
such circumstances, that party will be able to maintain privilege against the
other in respect of such communications: _The Law of Privilege_ at para 6.03.
Similarly, in _Burkle v Laing_ , there were independent confidential
communications between Burkle and Mr Kelly, but none between Mr Laing and Mr
Kelly.

166 The defendant drew my attention to the case of _Doran Constructions Pty
Limited (in Liquidation)_ [2002] NSWSC 215 (“ _Doran_ ”). In _Doran_ , a
solicitor was consulted by a group of companies (“the Group”) and their
directors in relation to a debt substitution transaction. The purpose of the
transaction was to tidy up the Group in terms of inter-group loan accounts. It
was held by the New South Wales Supreme Court that there was a joint retainer
despite the argument that there were opposing interests within the Group (at
[79]). This case, however, is distinguishable on the basis that it concerned a
joint meeting where all the relevant parties were present. It would thus make
no sense if each sentence spoken in the course of the joint meeting had to be
individually analysed for the purposes of privilege (at [71]).

167 In the present case, there was no joint meeting; only correspondence
between RWY and the defendants that the plaintiff was copied in. The
defendants were not kept in the loop when it came to correspondence between
RWY and the plaintiff. Even if it could be said that RWY was acting for the
defendants, it was in a very limited way. There is no evidence that the
plaintiff had meant for its communications with RWY to be given/made known to
the defendant. No consent from the plaintiff, whether express or implied, can
therefore be inferred from the circumstances. The defendants are therefore not
entitled to seek disclosure of communications between RWY and the plaintiff
that they were not privy to.

Conclusion

168 To conclude, I find that RWY had acted only for the plaintiff at all
material times. Even if RWY had acted for the defendants as well, I find that
it was pursuant to an independent retainer. Accordingly, the Documents are
privileged and do not have to be disclosed. For the reasons above, I allow the
plaintiff’s appeal with costs here and below to the plaintiff to be taxed if
not agreed.

169 The Court records its appreciation for the helpful submissions and, in
particular, the further submissions tendered by learned counsels.

* * *

[note: 1]YHW Affidavit at [1].

[note: 2]Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim, para 1.

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim, para 1.

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim, para 2.

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim, para 2.

[note: 6]Third Party’s Statement of Claim, para 4.

[note: 7]Third Party’s Statement of Claim, para 4.

[note: 8]Third Party’s Statement of Claim, para 5.

[note: 9]Third Party’s Statement of Claim, para 5.

[note: 10]Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim, paras 11 and 22.

[note: 11]Third Party’s Statement of Claim, para 9.

[note: 12]Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim, para 26.

[note: 13]Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim, para 27.

[note: 14]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 20.

[note: 15]Ms Lee’s 18th Affidavit.

[note: 16]Ms Lee’s 15th Affidavit, para 39.

[note: 17]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 89

[note: 18]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 89

[note: 19]Affidavit of Chris Chia dated 2 June 2015, at para 16.

[note: 20]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 82.

[note: 21]Defendants’ Written Submissions, para 37(c).

[note: 22]Defendants’ Written Submissions, para 4.

[note: 23]Affidavit of Mr Yip, para 78.

[note: 24]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 360.

[note: 25]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 359.

[note: 26]Defendant’s Written Submissions, para 59.

[note: 27]16th Affidavit of Lee Sin Peng, para 17.

[note: 28]18th Affidavit of Lee Sin Peng, paras 25 and 26.

[note: 29]16th Affidavit of Lee Sin Peng, para 20.

[note: 30]16th Affidavit of Lee Sin Peng, para 23.

[note: 31]16th Affidavit of Lee Sin Peng, paras 23 and 24.

[note: 32]Affidavit of Mr Yip, para 81.

[note: 33]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 115.

[note: 34]Affidavit of Mr Yip, paras 28 – 33.

[note: 35]Affidavit of Mr Yip, para 32.

[note: 36]16th Affidavit of Lee Sin Peng, p 133.

[note: 37]Affidavit of Mr Yip, paras 57 and 65.

[note: 38]Affidavit of Mr Yip, para 65

[note: 39]16th Affidavit of Lee Sin Peng, paras 21 and 22

[note: 40]Affidavit of Mr Yip, para 45

[note: 41]Affidavit of Mr Yip, para 23

[note: 42]Affidavit of Mr Yip, para 65

[note: 43]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 101–102.

[note: 44]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p 102.

[note: 45]20th Affidavit of Lee Sin Peng, para 21.

[note: 46]Affidavit of Mr Yip, para 37.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Dec 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

