Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Singsung Pte Ltd and another _v_ LG 26 Electronics Pte Ltd (Trading as L S
Electrical Trading) and another  
[2015] SGHC 148

Case Number| :| Suit No 238 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 May 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  George Wei JC (as he then was)  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Adrian Tan Gim Hai, Ong Pei Ching and Loh Jien Li (Morgan
Lewis Stamford LLC) for the plaintiffs; Philip Ling (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC)
for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  SINGSUNG PTE LTD — SEE LAM HUAT — LG 26 ELECTRONICS PTE LTD
(Trading as L S Electrical Trading) — SEE LAM SENG  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 135 of
2015 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 23 May 2016. See [2016] SGCA 33.]

29 May 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
George Wei J:

1 In Suit No 238 of 2012, the plaintiffs commenced proceedings and claimed
against the defendants on the grounds of passing off, copyright infringement
and defamation. The defendants counterclaimed for malicious falsehood and
groundless threats of a copyright infringement action. The present trial is
bifurcated, and I am only concerned with liability at this stage. In full
recognition that this judgment is of substantial length and complexity, I add
a glossary of the key acronyms used in the judgment for the reader’s
convenience in an appendix at the end of the judgment.

The background to the claims

2 A large number of factual disputes and issues was raised by the parties.
Instead of setting out all my factual findings here, I set out only a brief
summary of the main events leading up to the dispute. I will discuss my
specific factual findings in greater detail where relevant to the legal issues
before me.

3 The dispute between the parties has a long history, going back well over 15
years. At trial, the parties’ recollections of the dates and details of many
material events were often inconsistent or hazy.

S H Econ Electrical Trading

4 See Lam Huat (“the 2nd Plaintiff”) and See Lam Seng (“the 2nd Defendant”)
are brothers. Sometime in 1998, the 2nd Defendant started a sole
proprietorship under the name of S H Econ Electrical Trading (“S H
Econ”).[note: 1] In 2001, S H Econ was converted into a partnership in the
names of the 2nd Defendant and his other brother, See Lam Quee (“SLQ”).[note:
2] In reality, S H Econ was a partnership between the 2nd Plaintiff and the
2nd Defendant. Although the 2nd Plaintiff was not formally named as a partner,
SLQ’s shares and interest in the partnership were held on trust for the 2nd
Plaintiff.[note: 3] The brothers entered into this complicated arrangement
because the 2nd Plaintiff was being sued by a creditor, and he did not want
the legal dispute to jeopardise the business.[note: 4]

5 It appears that S H Econ was (at least initially) in the business of
acquiring outdated and/or second-hand electrical and household products in
Singapore and Malaysia for resale to customers overseas.[note: 5] It is
unclear how the partnership was run. The role played by each partner in the
partnership was never clearly explained to the court. No written partnership
agreement of any sort has been adduced in evidence.

6 The start of the new millennium witnessed a number of significant events.
Apart from the conversion of S H Econ into a partnership, the 2nd Defendant
and SLQ purchased three shop houses in Singapore (“the Shop Houses”). Legally,
the 2nd Defendant and SLQ each held a 50% share in the Shop Houses as tenants-
in-common.[note: 6] However, beneficially, SLQ held his share of the Shop
Houses on trust for the 2nd Plaintiff.[note: 7] The brothers entered into this
arrangement also because the 2nd Plaintiff was worried that any property in
his name might be subject to seizure by the same creditor mentioned
above.[note: 8]

7 Disputes eventually arose between the brothers over the invoices and
accounts of S H Econ. Whilst the evidence as to when the said disputes started
is hotly contested and confused, it is clear that by 2005, the relationship
between the 2nd Plaintiff and 2nd Defendant had deteriorated.[note: 9] On 9
November 2007, the 2nd Defendant commenced Originating Summons No 1652 of 2007
(“OS 1652/2007”)[note: 10] against the 2nd Plaintiff and SLQ to liquidate the
Shop Houses, and for an account of monies due to the partners from the S H
Econ business. OS 1652/2007 was settled before the actual hearing, set for
June 2008.[note: 11]

8 The S H Econ partnership was subsequently dissolved. The date of S H Econ’s
dissolution is unclear. The 2nd Plaintiff claims that the dissolution happened
in 2007. The 2nd Defendant however asserts that S H Econ was only dissolved in
2009. I note in passing, that in all probability, the 2nd Plaintiff and the
2nd Defendant effectively ceased working together sometime around 2007, but
the S H Econ partnership was only legally dissolved in January 2009.[note: 12]

Singsung Pte Ltd

9 Either way it is clear that in April 2006, before the dissolution of the S H
Econ partnership, the 2nd Plaintiff incorporated Singsung Pte Ltd (“the 1st
Plaintiff”).[note: 13] The name “Singsung” was chosen by the 2nd Plaintiff.
The 1st Plaintiff was in the business of selling new electrical and household
equipment. Whilst the plaintiffs assert that some of these new products were
sold in Singapore to Singapore-based customers for use in Singapore, it is
apparent that the vast majority of the sales were to trade buyers who exported
the products overseas.[note: 14] Further, whilst the plaintiffs assert that
their trade buyer customers come from a variety of African and Asian
countries, it appears that most of the new products were acquired by foreign
trade buyers for sale to end users (or consumers) in Africa. In particular,
the evidence adduced by the parties related _only_ to end users from the
Republic of Cameroon (“Cameroon”). As such, where the foreign markets in which
the plaintiffs’ and defendants’ products are sold become relevant, my
discussion will mainly centre on the market in Cameroon.

10 The 2nd Plaintiff’s position is that the business of the 1st Plaintiff
belongs solely to him. In particular, the said business was never a part of S
H Econ’s business. This is so even though there are invoices which suggest
that at least some of the 1st Plaintiff’s business operations in 2007 were
being conducted through S H Econ. The plaintiffs claim that the 1st
Plaintiff’s business was conducted in that way purely as a matter of
convenience. The question as to whether S H Econ had any interest in the 1st
Plaintiff will be discussed later in connection with the plaintiffs’ claim for
passing off.

LG 26 Electronics Pte Ltd

11 In October 2007, the 2nd Defendant registered L S Electrical Trading (“the
1st Defendant”) as a sole proprietorship.[note: 15] Initially, the 1st
Defendant dealt only in the purchase and re-sale of _second-hand_ electrical
goods. However, the 1st Defendant soon expanded into the business of
purchasing and selling _new_ electrical and household products to foreign
trade buyers for export to consumers in Africa and elsewhere. In January 2009,
the 1st Defendant, LG26 Electronics Pte Ltd (trading as L S Electrical
Trading), was legally incorporated.[note: 16] The brand name adopted by the
2nd Defendant was “LS”. The long and short of the evidence is that the
brothers had gone their separate ways and were now effectively competitors.

The parties’ products

12 The 1st Plaintiff’s first line of new products appears to have been DVD
players. Subsequently, it expanded its range of products to include television
sets, rice cookers, electric kettles, blenders, floor fans and gas
stoves.[note: 17]

13 The 1st Plaintiff’s business model involves sourcing its products from
manufacturers in China. Typically, the 2nd Plaintiff would visit the Chinese
factories and examine the range of products the factories had. The products
were often displayed in the premises of the factories, or were set out in the
factories’ catalogues.[note: 18] I pause here to note that it is helpful to
determine whether these Chinese factories are original _equipment_
manufacturers (“OEMs”), or original _design_ manufacturers (“ODMs”). Whilst
these are not legal terms but trade terms, and whilst the legal principles of
intellectual property law do not depend on these categories, an appreciation
of the factual differences between these two types of manufacturers is
helpful. To be clear, I use the terms OEM and ODM in this judgment purely for
convenience and expediency.

14 An OEM generally refers to a manufacturer who produces component parts for
another manufacturer, who then incorporates the component parts into its
products. The final products are sold under the second manufacturer’s brand
name. For example, where a United States computer manufacturer orders the hard
disk drives installed inside its computers from a Chinese disk manufacturer,
the latter is an OEM.

15 However, consider the following example: Company A designs and manufactures
a product, which is sold to Company B. Company B then releases and sells the
product into the market under its own brand. In this example, Company A is not
an OEM, but an ODM.

16 There can be many variants of the factual pattern described above, and the
exact relationship between Company A and Company B will depend on the
particular facts. In some cases, Company B may be permitted to request certain
design alterations or modifications. In other cases, Company A may design and
produce the product under its own brand. Subsequently, it may enter into an
arrangement with Company B whereby Company B can apply its own brand to the
product under some form of reseller arrangement.

17 In the present case, it appears that the Chinese factories were in the
position of being ODMs because they designed and manufactured the 1st
Plaintiff’s products. In many cases, the Chinese factories offered numerous
different models of a particular product line. The models were of different
sizes, surface designs and decoration, or technical features. Customers such
as the 1st Plaintiff ordered the model(s) of their choosing, and in some
cases, asked for changes to particular aspects of the product. This included
requests relating to the packaging.

18 The question as to who owns the intellectual property rights in the design
and technology of the products (if any) depends on the facts of each case.
_Prima facie_ , any industrial design right will likely belong to the ODM. Any
technology invented or developed by the ODM will also likely belong to him. In
other words, going back to the example I gave above, _prima facie_ , Company A
owns the intellectual property rights in the design and technology of the
products that it designs and manufacturers and then sells to Company B.

19 However, the question whether Company B acquires rights over the design and
technology will depend on whether these have been assigned or licensed (any
type of licence) by Company A to Company B. It also depends on whether Company
B brought in any intellectual property of its own to the products. The
question as to whether the ODM (_ie_ , Company A) has lost the right to sell
the chosen models to other customers, including competitors of Company B, also
must depend primarily on the _agreement reached between the parties_. In some
cases, Company A may agree to sell the selected range of products exclusively
to Company B. In other cases, there may be no express restriction or other
limitation placed on Company A’s right to sell the same range of products to
other customers. Further, questions may arise over the legal rights in respect
of changes or alterations made at the request and/or instruction of Company B.

20 It should also be kept in mind that the position is rendered even more
complex by the range of different intellectual property rights that may exist
in relation to the products. Even if Company A owns the industrial design
rights in a product, this does not mean that Company B cannot acquire goodwill
over aspects of the product’s get-up in a particular market. Such goodwill
would enable Company B to claim protection over those aspects of get-up under
the tort of passing off.

21 In the present case, it is clear that the 2nd Plaintiff would visit the
Chinese ODMs and place a bulk order for the products of his choosing.
Depending on the factory and the type of product, some degree of customisation
of the product and the packaging was possible. I give some examples of the
customisation requested by the 2nd Plaintiff.

(a) In the case of the DVD players, the plaintiffs were able to secure some
changes to the number of ports provided at the back of the player.
Additionally, the plaintiffs were allowed to make suggestions in respect of
the design of packaging.[note: 19]

(b) In the case of television sets, the plaintiffs requested that a sticker be
placed on the screen, setting out key features or functions of the
product.[note: 20]

(c) The 1st Plaintiff’s brand “SINGSUNG”, the statement “Made in Singapore”,
and the Plaintiff’s warranty card was also affixed to some of the 1st
Plaintiff’s products and packaging. [note: 21]

22 To sum up the above discussion, whilst the plaintiffs could and did request
for some changes to the products they ordered from the Chinese manufacturers,
it is clear that the plaintiffs were _not_ the manufacturers of the products.
Neither can they be properly regarded as the designers of the products, save
in the manner that I have briefly alluded to (_ie_ , by making small
alterations and additions to the products). They were in a loose sense
resellers who have applied their own brand to the acquired products. The brand
names were affixed or applied in China by the ODMs. The evidence that some of
the Chinese manufacturers may have assigned the intellectual property rights
over the design and technology embodied in the products to the plaintiffs is
unclear, and will be referred to later. Indeed, as will be seen and discussed
in more detail below, the Chinese manufacturers were, in general, prepared to
sell their product range to any trade buyer.

23 Aside from requesting changes to the appearance of the packaging, and on
some occasions, requesting minor changes to the product, the main effort
expended by the 2nd Plaintiff was to be found in his selection of particular
models from a product line which he thought would be attractive to the
overseas trade buyers, and in particular the African trade buyers. On all
accounts, it appears that the 1st Plaintiff’s business was rather successful,
chalking up substantial sales to trade buyers from Africa.[note: 22]

The plaintiffs’ grievances

24 Essentially, the core of the plaintiffs’ complaint against the defendants
is that they chose to shadow the business of the 1st Plaintiff. The 2nd
Plaintiff (through the 1st Plaintiff) moved into the business of acquiring
_new_ electrical and household products for sale to overseas trade buyers
first. The defendants decided to follow suit even though they started their
business with the sale of second-hand equipment. They also moved into new
products.

25 One of the plaintiffs’ biggest grievances is clearly that the products
chosen by the defendants were essentially identical to those chosen by the 2nd
Plaintiff and sold by the 1st Plaintiff. For example, if the plaintiffs
purchased and started selling electric kettles with a particular pattern and
shape, the defendants would follow suit and place orders for the same or
similar kettles. Sometimes, the Chinese manufacturer selected by the
defendants turned out to be the same as the one who supplied the goods to the
1st Plaintiff.[note: 23]

26 The export market targeted was also the same, namely, overseas trade buyers
from, in particular, Cameroon.[note: 24]

27 At this point, I note again that the evidence does not establish that the
plaintiffs are the designers of the products they chose. As will be seen, a
huge range of kettles were designed by the Chinese manufacturers and displayed
or set out in catalogues for wholesale buyers to choose from. On the whole,
the evidence is that these Chinese design manufacturers would sell their
products to any wholesale merchant. If exclusivity was required, this would
have to be contractually provided for.

28 Complaint was also made that in some cases, the defendants did not just
choose the same or a similar _product_ , but they also used similar
_packaging_ (_eg_ , the cartons in which the products were presented for sale
to retail customers). This was so in the case of the DVD players and
televisions. In the case of the televisions, the defendants did not merely
choose similar television models; they also requested similar stickers.[note:
25]

29 Whilst it is clear that the defendants decided to “shadow” the 1st
Plaintiff’s business, I should stress that the _brand name_ affixed to the 1st
Defendant’s new products is completely different from the 1st Plaintiff’s. The
1st Plaintiff’s brand is “SINGSUNG”. The 1st Defendant’s brand is “LS”.

30 After placing the bulk orders, the shipments would arrive in Singapore,
where they were stored in warehouses. The 1st Plaintiff had a shop at 38/39
Upper Weld Road Singapore. The defendants’ shop was next door, at 36/37 Upper
Weld Road.[note: 26] The evidence was that trade buyers would visit Singapore
and attend at the shop premises (and elsewhere) for discussion and selection
of products. After orders were placed, the consignment would be loaded into
containers and shipped to the trade buyers’ home country, where they would
eventually be on-sold by the trade buyers to retail shops and end users.

31 That said, the evidence as to how _exactly_ the placement of orders with
the Chinese manufacturers, the shipment to Singapore, and sale to trade buyers
from Africa were carried out, was in dispute. In particular, the defendants’
general position is that the goods merely transited through Singapore, and
then went straight on to Africa.[note: 27] This formed the basis of their
submission that any goodwill enjoyed by the 1st Plaintiff (if at all) is only
so enjoyed in Africa.

32 The plaintiffs complain that even if the trade buyers were not confused
over the origin of the LS products that they selected in Singapore, the end-
buyers (consumers) in Cameroon would be confused. Given the products had the
same or similar design, members of the public in Cameroon would purchase “LS”
products under the impression that they were connected in some way with the
1st Plaintiff and the SINGSUNG brand.[note: 28] The complaint is that the
defendants were effectively copying the business of the 1st Plaintiff.

The claims and issues

33 The plaintiffs’ main cause of action is founded on passing off. Without
going into the details, the claim is in respect of goodwill asserted in the
“get-up” and certain design aspects of the following products belonging to the
1st Plaintiff: DVD players, television sets, rice cookers, electric kettles,
electric blenders, electric floor fans and gas stoves. The following issues
arise in respect of this claim:

(a) Is there goodwill in the claimed badges or indicators of origin?

(b) Was there a misrepresentation by the defendants likely to cause confusion?
Specifically, can there be liability for passing off in Singapore where the
confusion (assuming this is proved) in respect of the goods supplied from
Singapore arises solely or mainly in an _overseas market_ , and not in
Singapore? I note here that there is no claim before me that while the tort of
passing off was committed in another country, the foreign tort is actionable
in Singapore under applicable principles of private international law: on this
point, see Tan Tee Jim, _Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off in Singapore_ vol
2 (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2014) (“ _Tan Tee Jim_ ”) at paras 19.314–19.322.

(c) Has there been damage, or is there likely to be damage, to the 1st
Plaintiff’s goodwill?

34 In addition, the plaintiffs claim copyright over some pictures on the
packaging of the DVD players, the start-up screen built into the DVD players,
the design of a sticker, a logo and a floral pattern. By logo, what is
referred to is the phrase “Rotary Rotatory” set out in a cursive font. The
following issues arise in relation to the copyright infringement claim:

(a) Is there any copyright subject matter over which the plaintiffs can claim
ownership?

(b) If there is, are the defendants liable for copyright infringement in
Singapore?

35 I note that the defendants deny copyright infringement, and counterclaim
for losses arising from the plaintiffs making groundless threats of a
copyright infringement action.

36 The 2nd Plaintiff also proceeds against the 2nd Defendant in the tort of
defamation. The 2nd Plaintiff claims that the 2nd Defendant defamed him when
the latter made remarks to a visiting trade buyer describing the 2nd Plaintiff
as, _inter alia_ , a cheat. These are the issues which I have to decide in
relation to defamation:

(a) Did the 2nd Defendant utter the words alleged?

(b) If he did, do the words spoken by the 2nd Defendant bear a defamatory
meaning?

(c) If the words do bear a defamatory meaning, do the defences of
justification or qualified privilege apply?

37 The defendants, on the other hand, counterclaim for malicious falsehood.
They allege that the 2nd Plaintiff made disparaging remarks about the quality
of the 1st Defendant’s products to a trade buyer. The principal issues here
are whether the disparaging statement was true, whether it was made
maliciously, and whether it has resulted in special damage.

38 I note that no claim has been brought for registered trade mark
infringement. There is also no claim in respect of registered design rights or
patent rights.

The witnesses

39 At trial, 11 witnesses gave evidence. Given the large number of factual and
legal disputes, as well as the length of the cross-examination, I propose to
set out a brief summary of the main areas of evidence covered by each witness.
Where relevant, portions of the evidence will be discussed in more detail
later in the judgment.

Plaintiffs’ witnesses

40 See Lam Huat: the 2nd Plaintiff was the principal witness for the
plaintiffs. His evidence traversed the background to the dispute, as briefly
set out above. In particular, he gave evidence on:

(a) how he came to select the products that are the subject matter of the
dispute;

(b) his visits to the factories and manufacturers in China; and

(c) the inputs he claimed to have made in respect of the packaging and get-up
of the products in dispute, including design changes to the number of ports on
the DVD players, his requests for warranty cards, stickers, and so forth.

41 The thrust of his evidence was that he spent considerable time and effort
selecting products he thought would appeal to end users.[note: 29] The models
or products that he selected were of high quality. The end users (in Cameroon)
were familiar with the “SINGSUNG” brand and associated it with high quality
products from Singapore. The products generally bore the statement “Made in
Singapore”, even though the products were essentially designed and made in
China. In some cases, Singapore warranty cards in SINGSUNG’s name were
provided even though the end user in Cameroon had no effective recourse
against the plaintiffs should the 1st Plaintiff’s products turn out to be
defective. The end user’s only recourse was to bring the defective product
back to the retail shop in Cameroon. His evidence was that customers in
Cameroon associated Singapore with high quality products, and that “SINGSUNG”
had acquired a good reputation in that market.[note: 30]

42 Huang Bao Yu (“HBY”): HBY was a marketing representative from the Chinese
manufacturer that supplied blenders to the plaintiffs. Her evidence primarily
concerned a catalogue of products that the Chinese manufacturer made available
to its customers. The catalogue sets out a broad range of blenders from which
the customer could make a selection. The 1st Plaintiff was one such customer.
The witness testified that the catalogue sets out the whole range of blenders
offered, and that the Chinese manufacturer designed all the products.[note:
31] The witness also gave evidence on her company’s business dealings and
relationship with the defendants, as well as the defendants’ requests for
blenders of a particular design and warranty cards.

43 Serene Chew Wanlin (“SEC”): SEC is an arts management student. The 1st
Plaintiff briefly employed her as an administrative assistant from January to
July 2010. Her evidence mainly concerned her role in assisting the 2nd
Plaintiff develop designs for the packaging of the DVD players and the sticker
for a range of television sets that the plaintiffs had sourced from Chinese
manufacturers.

44 Guy Emmanuel Ntoudam (“GEN”): GEN is a businessman from Douala, Cameroon.
He is in the import and retail-goods business. Products that he sources from
overseas include DVD players, television sets, electric blenders, floor fans
and gas stoves of the SINGSUNG brand. These are obtained from the plaintiffs
in Singapore. This witness gave evidence of the market in Cameroon, the
competition in Douala between SINGSUNG branded products and LS appliances, as
well as the alleged confusion that had arisen amongst the end consumers.[note:
32] The witness also testified that he made several visits to the defendants’
shop in Singapore in September 2011, during which the 2nd Defendant made
derogatory remarks about the 2nd Plaintiff.

45 Chen Yongxiu (“CYX”): CYX was employed by the 1st Plaintiff as a quality
control manager. She was based at the 1st Plaintiff’s office in Shenzhen,
China. Her evidence traversed the 2nd Plaintiff’s working visits to factories
in China and the inputs made by the 2nd Plaintiff on design tweaks to various
products purchased from those factories. Her evidence touched on nearly all
the disputed products: the DVD players, television sets, electric kettles,
blenders and rice cookers. She also gave evidence on the competition from and
alleged copying by the defendants.

Defendants’ witnesses

46 See Lam Seng: the 2nd Defendant was the main witness for the defence. His
evidence traversed the same ground as the 2nd Plaintiff, and included
testimony on the business of S H Econ, the split between the brothers, and the
development of the 1st Defendant’s business (including his role in selecting
products from the Chinese manufacturers). The general tenor of his evidence
was that he would look for particular models or designs from the Chinese
manufacturers based on requests from customers.

47 Dong Li (“DL”): DL was an employee of the 1st Defendant and was based in
Hong Kong. Her job was to place and process orders for products (in particular
the television sets, rice cookers, and blenders) selected by the defendants
with the Chinese ODMs. This included making requests for certain design
changes as well as warranty cards.

48 See Nam Hai (“SNH”): SNH was a brother of the 2nd Plaintiff and the 2nd
Defendant. His evidence concerned his own business dealing with second-hand
electrical goods and his relationship with the defendants. He also gave
evidence on the breakup of the partnership at S H Econ, and testified that he
helps out at the 1st Defendant’s shop.

49 Talla Simplice Adolphe (“TSA”): TSA was a trader from Cameroon. His
evidence touched on the nature of the market in Cameroon for electrical
household products and “famous” brands such as “SONY”, “SAMSUNG” and
“LG”.[note: 33] This witness also gave evidence on the presence of Singapore
brands such as “SINGSUNG”, “LS” and “Sole Star” in the African market. The
witness explained his business dealings with the plaintiffs and the
defendants, and testified as to why he eventually decided to place orders with
the defendants. This witness also gave evidence of disparaging remarks
allegedly made by the 2nd Plaintiff about the quality of the 1st Defendant’s
goods.[note: 34]

50 Phang Ti Hui (“PTH”): PTH is a Singapore businessman who accompanied the
2nd Defendant on some of his trips to China. The purpose of those trips was to
purchase DVD players and television sets for the 1st Defendant’s business. His
evidence touched on the extent to which the Chinese manufacturers offered
customization of the products and packaging.

An overview of the plaintiffs’ claims

51 Before I turn to consider each issue in detail, an overview of the
plaintiffs’ claims may be helpful given the large number of issues before the
court.

Passing off

52 The plaintiffs’ claim in passing off is primarily based on the allegation
that the defendants copied the design, get-up and packaging of the 1st
Plaintiff’s products in manufacturing their own products. There is no
allegation that the defendants used the 1st Plaintiff’s brand (“SINGSUNG”) as
such (save possibly in some warranty cards). Indeed, it is not disputed that
the brand chosen and used by the 1st Defendant on its products (_ie_ , “LS”)
is completely different from the 1st Plaintiff’s brand. To be absolutely
clear, the plaintiffs’ passing off claim is not based on goodwill in its brand
name “SINGSUNG”, but in the get-up described below.

53 I now identify and describe (where possible) the specific get-up and
packaging of each of the 1st Plaintiff’s products that are the subject matter
of the present dispute, and which the plaintiffs claim are the generators of
goodwill:

(a) Packaging of DVD Player Model A (“DVD A”). I shall call this the “White
Get-Up”. This refers to the use of a white carton box depicting, amongst other
things, a photographic image of a modern living room and guitars.

(b) Packaging of DVD Player Model B (“DVD B”). I shall call this the “Blue
Get-Up”. This refers to the use of a blue carton box depicting, amongst other
things, an image of the actual DVD player. The evidence suggests that there
were in fact a number of versions of DVD B sourced by the plaintiffs and on-
sold to African importers.

(c) Start-up screen of DVD A and DVD B. This refers to an image that appears
on the television when the DVD player is turned on. The image comprises snow-
capped mountains set against a blue sky with white clouds.

(d) Warranty card on DVD A and DVD B. This refers to the warranty card
provided with the SINGSUNG DVD players.

(e) Design of the back panel of DVD A and DVD B.

(f) Stickers on DVD A and DVD B. The sticker is placed on the front panel of
DVD A and DVD B, setting out key functions and attributes of DVD A and DVD B,
such as “USB Download Function” and “32 Digital Game”.

(g) Sticker on television sets. The design and placement of a sticker on the
television screen, setting out key features and attributes of the television,
such as “Rotary Rotatory”, and a symbol indicating that the TV can swivel 90
degrees. The phrase “Rotary Rotatory” also appears on the packaging of the
television set.

(h) Floral pattern on the rice cooker. There is a floral pattern design on the
side of the rice cooker. It is noted that whilst the 1st Plaintiff and the 1st
Defendant dealt with a range of rice cookers, the plaintiffs’ claim was in
respect of “model no RC-18L”.

(i) In relation to the electric kettles, the plaintiffs referred to the shape
and design of five different electric kettles, each with its own get-up. The
plaintiffs described these five kettles as possessing the “Domed-Get-up”, the
“Pitcher Plant Get-Up”, the “White Curved Kettle Get-Up”, the “Penguin Kettle
Get-Up”, and the “Metallic Get-Up”.

(j) In relation to the electric blenders, the plaintiffs referred to the shape
and design of three different electric blenders. Each of these blenders
possesses its own get-up, and has been described by the plaintiffs as the
“White and Grey Get-Up”, the “Black and White Get-Up” and the “Black Stainless
Steel Get-Up”.

(k) Get-up of the electric floor fans. This refers to a particular model of
fans, CRSF-18A, which contain a round plastic base made in the shape of a car
steering wheel.

(l) Get-up of the gas stoves. This refers to the design of gas stove GS-88,
comprising features like an embossed horse-shoe shape bearing the SINGSUNG
brand, as well as a gold coloured burner rimmed by a circular chrome support
pot.

I refer to this collectively as “the SINGSUNG Get-Up”.

54 I repeat the observation I made above, that all of the above products were
designed and made in China by ODMs.

55 The plaintiffs adduced evidence of its substantial sales in Singapore to
overseas trade buyers, as well as some sales to Singapore-based customers. The
defendants deny that any sales to Singapore-based customers exist. However,
even taking the plaintiffs’ evidence at face value and at its highest, it is
clear that the 1st Plaintiff’s sales to Singapore-based customers is very
significantly less than its sales to wholesale buyers from Africa. These
wholesale buyers ordered products from the 1st Plaintiff in Singapore for
export and sale to consumers overseas.

56 The plaintiffs also assert that the defendants had used similar expressions
in marketing or advertising their rival products. In particular, the
plaintiffs point out that the phrase “ _Rely on us, as amongst the FINEST, we
offer the MOST affordable prices_ ” can be found in both English and Swahili
in the 1st Plaintiff’s catalogue.[note: 35] This phrase is also found in the
LS catalogue.[note: 36] In response, the 2nd Defendant asserts that he did not
intend to copy the 1st Plaintiff’s catalogue, and that he used it for
reference only.[note: 37] I should point out that the plaintiffs have not
asserted any rights in the phrases as such. Instead, they merely rely on the
alleged use of the phrases as _evidence_ of the defendants’ intention to copy
the 1st Plaintiff’s business and to cause confusion.

57 The passing off claim, as it developed during the course of the hearing,
appears to be founded on two different submissions. First, the plaintiffs’
claim that the defendants have passed off their products as being those of the
1st Plaintiff. Second, the plaintiffs’ claim that defendants have passed off
their business as being associated with or connected with the 1st Plaintiff.
What has not been clearly pleaded in my view, however, is the _exact form_ of
the passing off. Given the 1st Plaintiff is not a direct retailer, but is more
a wholesale trade buyer in Singapore which sells its products to middlemen who
export the products to other countries, precisely identifying the relevant
market in which passing off is claimed to have taken place is crucial. I
elaborate on this below.

Copyright

58 The plaintiffs’ copyright claim is advanced on the basis of the following
works:

(a) The “White Get-Up” picture comprising a DVD player, guitar and a sitting
room. As mentioned previously, this is found on the packaging of DVD A.

(b) The “Blue Get-Up” picture comprising the picture of a DVD player. As
mentioned previously, this is found on the packaging of DVD B.

(c) The sticker pasted on the television sets.

(d) The phrase “Rotary Rotatory” in cursive font found on the sticker and the
packaging of the television sets.

(e) The floral pattern on the rice cookers.

(f) The start-up screen linked to the DVD players.

59 The plaintiffs assert that the above works attract copyright protection as
_original artistic works_ in Singapore. There is no claim to literary
copyright or any other type of copyright subject matter.[note: 38]

Defamation

60 The claim of defamation is a claim by the 2nd Plaintiff against the 2nd
Defendant, based on certain words spoken by the 2nd Defendant to GEN.
According to the 2nd Plaintiff, the 2nd Defendant had said that:

(a) the 2nd Plaintiff cheated the 2nd Defendant;

(b) the 2nd Plaintiff was a “big Ali Baba man”;

(c) the 2nd Plaintiff was “a very crazy man”; and

(d) the 2nd Plaintiff was “very dangerous.”

61 In addition, there is an allegation that the 2nd Defendant uttered words to
the effect that the 1st Plaintiff had sold some defective DVD players and TV
sets. Apart from having to resolve the factual dispute as to whether the 2nd
Defendant did indeed speak the words described above, the question arises as
to whether those words are defamatory, and if so, whether the defence of
justification and/or qualified privilege applies. Now that I have set out
broadly the claims made by the parties, I turn to analyse the plaintiffs’
first claim: passing off.

Passing off

The plaintiffs’ pleaded case

62 As alluded to above, the plaintiffs’ pleaded case for passing off is
somewhat unclear. The lack of clarity, in my view, mainly stemmed from
insufficient attention to the territorially-specific nature of any passing off
claim.

63 It is well established that for a passing off claim to succeed, a plaintiff
needs to prove goodwill, misrepresentation, and damage: _Novelty Pte Ltd v
Amanresorts Ltd and another_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 216 at [36] (“ _Novelty v
Amanresorts_ ”). It is also well established that the goodwill must exist, and
the misrepresentation must take place, in the relevant jurisdiction or market
with which the particular court is concerned. So, before a Singapore court, it
must ordinarily be established that goodwill exists in Singapore for a passing
off claim in Singapore to succeed: _Staywell Hospitality Group Pty Ltd v
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc and another and another appeal_
[2014] 1 SLR 911 at [130]. Likewise, goodwill must exist in the United Kingdom
(“the UK”) for a passing off action in the UK to succeed: _Tan Tee Jim_ at
para 19.144 and _Starbucks (HK) Limited and anor v British Sky Broadcasting
Group PLC and others_ [2015] UKSC 31 (“ _Starbucks (HK)_ ”). I state at the
outset that there are qualifications to this principle, one of which is
crucial to this case, and which I will discuss in greater detail below.

64 It follows that a plaintiff pursuing a passing off claim involving foreign
elements needs to plead his case very precisely. It is insufficient for a
plaintiff to state that his brand name or get-up (or whatever he claims to be
a generator of goodwill) has generated goodwill. It is essential that he
pleads and proves that the goodwill he owns exists in the relevant
jurisdiction. It is also essential that he pleads and proves that a
misrepresentation has taken place in the relevant jurisdiction.

65 In the present case, the plaintiffs have failed to plead essential details
about their passing off claim in the statement of claim. While the plaintiffs
assert in their statement of claim that the SINGSUNG Get-Up has “gained
goodwill”,[note: 39] and that it “denotes to the trade and public that the
Singsung Products are of the 1st Plaintiff”,[note: 40] they never once specify
which “trade and public” they refer to, or _where_ the SINGSUNG Get-Up has
“gained goodwill”. Much is left for the court to infer based on the evidence
the plaintiffs present and the arguments they employ.

66 Indeed, the language used in the pleadings on misrepresentation was also
vague on this issue. I quote portions of the plaintiffs’ statement of claim to
illustrate my point:[note: 41]

27\. The 1st Defendant’s distribution, sale, offering for sale and/or dealing
in the Offending Products bearing get-up and stickers identical or confusingly
similar to the Singsung Products in meaning and commercial impression is
calculated to deceive and/or mislead the _trade and public_ and has in fact
deceived and/or misled the _trade and public_ into believing that the
Offending Products originate from and are somehow associated with those of the
1st Plaintiff ...

27A. Further and in the alternative, by reason of the foregoing, the
Defendants have passed off the business of the 1st Defendant as and for that
of the 1st Plaintiff, or has confused the _trade and public_ into thinking
that the business of the 1st Defendant is associated with that of the 1st
Plaintiff, when that is not the case.

[emphasis added]

67 It can be seen that the reader is left uncertain as to _where_ the
misrepresentation has taken place. In particular, it is wholly unclear which
“trade and public” is deceived, misled or confused.

68 I bring up this point about pleadings because it is particularly pertinent
for a plaintiff in a case with facts which involve domestic and foreign
markets to be sensitive to the territorial nature of a passing off claim, and
plead its claim(s) precisely. Here, there are several markets and
jurisdictions potentially involved—Singapore, Cameroon, and all other markets
to which the 1st Plaintiff’s products are exported. As such, without clear
pleadings, the court will have real difficulty evaluating the plaintiffs’
passing off claim.

69 Nevertheless, notwithstanding the lack of clarity in the pleadings, the
plaintiffs eventually developed their case as we drew to the end of trial. In
their closing submissions, the plaintiffs remained somewhat unclear about the
jurisdiction in which they claim goodwill exists. They state that “Singsung
has the requisite goodwill” in their closing submissions,[note: 42] but
clearly, that is not sufficiently particularised. Some clarity may however be
sought from the way the plaintiffs describe the misrepresentations they claim
have taken place. They claim firstly, that the defendants confused the traders
that visited the 1st Defendant’s shop in Singapore;[note: 43] and secondly,
they claim that the ultimate consumer in Africa is also confused.[note: 44]
Using the plaintiffs’ own words, “passing-off is likely to occur at the point
of sale, and even post-sale, to the ultimate consumer”. [note: 45]

70 From the above, I believe it may be reasonably deduced that the plaintiffs’
passing off claim (in brief) is two-fold:

(a) First, passing off takes place straightforwardly in Singapore because
goodwill in the SINGSUNG Get-Up exists in Singapore, and trade
consumers/customers who buy directly from the plaintiffs and defendants are
deceived or confused by the similar get-up on the defendants’ products. I call
this the straightforward passing off claim.

(b) Second, passing off takes place in Singapore because by selling their
infringing products to overseas trade buyers in Singapore, the defendants put
into circulation “instruments of deception”. This second claim is supported by
proof that goodwill exists in Cameroon (rather than Singapore), and that there
is confusion there between the plaintiffs’ and defendants’ products because of
the similar get-up.

71 It is on the basis of the above two claims (so characterised) that I shall
proceed. I note that while the language of “instruments of deceptions” cannot
be found in the pleadings, in fairness to the plaintiffs, such an argument is
made in their closing submissions at paras 89–93. I shall discuss the law and
the evidence in relation to each of the above two claims separately.

Interaction between the tort of passing off and other intellectual property
protection

72 Before discussing the passing off claim any further, it may be helpful to
briefly explore the interaction between the tort of passing off and other
intellectual property protection (such as copyright and industrial design
protection). In particular, given that several different intellectual and
industrial property rights can be claimed in respect of a single product, it
is crucial to have a clear understanding of the distinctions between the
various available rights. This would help to bring into sharper focus the aim
of the law of passing off, as well as provide a helpful context for the
subsequent discussion on passing off and the dispute that has arisen between
the parties.

73 Passing off is not concerned with product design as such. Depending on the
design in question and the surrounding circumstances, a design might be
protected by registration under the Registered Designs Act (Cap 266, 2005 Rev
Ed). Registered design law is concerned with the protection of industrial
designs. This includes protecting the appearance of articles of manufacture
where the said appearance, in whole or in part, is chosen because of the
visual statement that is made.

74 In some cases, it may also be possible to assert copyright in industrial
design drawings, sketches, sculptures, models, works of artistic craftsmanship
or engravings. These works can constitute original artistic works protected
under copyright law. I note that while in the early days, copyright in an
artistic work was thought to be concerned _only_ with works of art, it has
long since been established that “artistic works” can include works like
engineering drawings which serve a purely functional purpose.

75 The law has long been concerned to maintain the line between registered
design and copyright laws. Extensive and complicated provisions now exist to
limit the copyright protection given to designs that are capable of protection
under the registered design system. If the law was otherwise, the carefully
crafted checks and balances woven into registered design law could be
circumvented by a proprietor’s decision not to register the industrial design,
and to rely on copyright instead. Indeed, these issues have provoked
considerable academic discussion.

76 Different rights under the tort of passing off and trade mark law may also
come into play where product get-up and shape are concerned. Both the get-up
and shape of a product (which may be the subject matter of the tort of passing
off and registered trade mark law), as well as the industrial (or registered)
design of a product, are primarily concerned with _visual appearance_.

77 However, and crucially, the difference between passing off and registered
design rights lies in the function that the appearance of the product
performs: is the get-up or shape serving the role of an _indicator of trade
origin_ (to distinguish the goods from one trade source from those from
another trade source), or is it simply there to make an _“aesthetic”
contribution_ via the visual statement it makes?

78 A designer may select a particular design feature (such as a specific
pattern, ornamentation, colour combination, or shape) because the said feature
would be, in the designer’s judgment, attractive to his customers. A customer
who selects a product for its design may do so because the design is pleasing
to the eye, or because the design is “functional” and makes the article easy
to use. Indeed, I have no doubt that considerable thought is often expended to
make the design of an article aesthetically pleasing, yet simple and
functional.

79 However, the aesthetic or functional value of a product design is not the
concern of passing off. Regardless of the effort and skill put into coming up
with the design feature, the said feature does not automatically become an
_indicator of trade origin_. What is necessary for passing off is proof that
the public perceives the design feature to be an indicator of a particular
trade origin. The design feature must interact with the customer in such a way
that it provides the customer with an indicator of origin.

80 To better understand what it means to perform the function of being an
indicator of trade origin, we may pause to consider the role of brand names.
The primary function or value of appending a brand name onto a product is
usually not to make the product look nice or functional. The fundamental
importance of a brand name resides in its role as an indicator of trade
origin.

81 From the above discussion, it should be clear that the tort of passing off
is _exclusively_ concerned with protecting goodwill generated through the use
of indicia of trade origin. It is not concerned with protecting product design
for its aesthetic or functional value. If this were not so, the tort of
passing off would be encroaching into areas that are within the purview of
industrial design law.

82 It should be noted that alongside the common law of passing off is a
registration system for protecting trade marks, which directly protects
indicia of trade origin. Under s 2(1) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005
Rev Ed) (“the TMA”), a “trade mark” is defined as:

... [A]ny sign capable of being represented graphically and which is capable
of distinguishing goods or services dealt with or provided in the course of
trade by a person from goods or services so dealt with or provided by any
other person ...

83 A “sign” is defined in s 2(1) of the TMA as including: “any letter, word,
name, signature, numeral, device, brand, heading, label, ticket, shape,
colour, aspect of packaging or any combination thereof”.

84 At this juncture, I note in particular that the protection trade mark law
gives to the _shape_ of an article is very limited. Whilst the shape of an
article can amount to a “sign”, it is necessary to show that the “sign” is
capable of distinguishing goods or services in the course of trade from those
of any other person. Signs that are highly descriptive of the goods or
services in question may be rejected because they lack distinctiveness, _ie_ ,
the capability to distinguish competing brands in the market place. Some
shapes may be excluded from registration as a trade mark because it lacks
distinctiveness.

85 Moreover, even if the shape of a product is found to possess the capability
to distinguish, s 7(3) of the TMA sets out important exclusions to the
protection of shapes. It provides that:

(3) A sign shall not be registered as a trade mark if it consists exclusively
of —

(a) the shape which results from the nature of the goods themselves;

(b) the shape of goods which is necessary to obtain a technical result; or

(c) the shape which gives substantial value to the goods.

86 Similar statutory provisions in the UK and Europe have produced a
considerable body of case law and academic discussion. Whilst it is not
necessary to discuss these developments, the point is that the law has acted
with considerable caution in conferring protection on the shape of an article
by means of trade mark registration.

87 The reluctance to grant trade mark protection to the shape of products is
an outworking of the legislative policy of not easily granting monopolies over
particular designs and features of goods. Indeed, the policy considerations
discussed in the UK and Europe are rooted in the concern to ensure that trade
mark law does not operate in an anti-competitive manner.

88 This anti-competitive concern has been recognised in Singapore as well. In
_Nation Fittings (M) Sdn Bhd v Oystertec Plc and another Suit_ [2006] 1 SLR(R)
712, Andrew Phang J (as he then was) adopted a narrow interpretation of
certain statutory transitional provisions concerning whether a registered two-
dimensional mark could be treated as a three-dimensional mark under the TMA.
The learned judge expressed the view that an overly expansive approach to
granting proprietors trade mark protection might lead to the development of
disguised monopolies that may stifle or stymie the general public interest and
welfare.

89 In the present case, the plaintiffs do not claim protection of the get-up
and design features as “signs” under the TMA. The claim is based solely on the
tort of passing off. Nevertheless, it is apparent that similar policy concerns
relating to competition arise. The tort of passing off is not about protecting
design for the sake of design. Passing off is concerned with preventing unfair
competition and is squarely centred on protecting goodwill established by the
use of indicia of trade origin in the market place. Bearing these concerns in
mind, I now proceed to discuss the law on passing off.

Law on the tort of passing off

General principles

90 The basic principles of the tort of passing off are well established. The
tort is concerned with protecting the goodwill of a trader in his brand name
and other indicia or badges of origin. The tort also seeks to ensure
transparency in the market place so that another trader does not, whether by
design or accident, sell his goods or services in a manner that causes members
of the public to be confused as to their origin. That said, passing off is not
a tort based simply on confusion or deception; nor has it developed into an
action that targets unfair competition _simpliciter_. Notwithstanding the
considerable developments in the tort over the past century, such as the
recognition of shared goodwill, deception as to quality, inverse passing off
and the broader approaches to determining the likelihood of deception and
damage (especially where the plaintiff and defendant are not in direct
competition as such), the tort remains true to its origin, which is to
_protect the goodwill belonging to the trader_.

91 In _Erven Warnink Besloten Vennootschap and another v J Townend & Sons
(Hull) Ltd and another_ [1979] 1 AC 731 (“the _Advocaat_ case”), a seminal
decision on the tort of passing off from the House of Lords in England, Lord
Diplock held (at 742) that there were five elements in an action for passing
off. These are: (a) a misrepresentation; (b) made by a trader in the course of
trade; (c) to prospective customers of goods and services supplied by him; (d)
which is calculated to injure the business or goodwill of another trader (in
the sense that the injury is a reasonably foreseeable consequence); and (e)
which causes actual damage, or (in a _quia timet_ action) is likely to cause
damage, to a business or goodwill of the trader by whom an action is brought.

92 Lord Oliver of Aylmerton in _Reckitt & Colman Products Ltd v Borden Inc and
others_ [1990] 1 WLR 491 (“ _Reckitt_ ”) at 499D–H reformulated the above
statement of law in the _Advocaat_ case, as follows:

The law of passing off can be summarised in one short general proposition—no
man may pass off his goods as those of another. More specifically, it may be
expressed in terms of the elements which the plaintiff in such an action has
to prove in order to succeed. These are three in number. First, he must
establish a **_goodwill or reputation_** attached to the goods or services
which he supplies in the mind of the purchasing public by association with the
identifying "get-up" (whether it consists simply of a brand name or a trade
description, or the individual features of labelling or packaging) under which
his particular goods or services are offered to the public, such that the get-
up is recognised by the public as distinctive specifically of the plaintiff's
goods or services. Secondly, he must demonstrate a **_misrepresentation_** by
the defendant to the public (whether or not intentional) leading or likely to
lead the public to believe that goods or services offered by him are the goods
or services of the plaintiff ... Thirdly, he must demonstrate that **_he
suffers or, in a quia timet action, that he is likely to suffer damage_** by
reason of the erroneous belief engendered by the defendant's misrepresentation
that the source of the defendant's goods or services is the same as the source
of those offered by the plaintiff.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

93 The three elements identified by Lord Oliver in the tort of passing off,
_ie_ , goodwill, misrepresentation, and damage, have been followed and applied
consistently by the Singapore courts: see in particular _Novelty v
Amanresorts_ at [36]; _Hai Tong Co (Pte) Ltd v Ventree Singapore Pte Ltd and
another and another appeal_ [2013] 2 SLR 941 at [109]; and _Golden Season Pte
Ltd and others v Kairos Singapore Holdings Pte Ltd and another_ [2015] 2 SLR
751.

94 Indeed, in accordance with this tripartite framework, the plaintiffs’
first, and in my view, more straightforward passing off claim, is founded on
the following premises:

(a) The SINGSUNG Get-Up (described at [53] above) enjoys goodwill in
Singapore.

(b) There was a misrepresentation such that the trade buyers who directly
purchased the 1st Defendant’s products were deceived or are likely to have
been deceived as to the origin of the defendants’ goods.

(c) As a result of the deception, the plaintiffs’ goodwill in Singapore is
damaged.

Instruments of deception

95 However, as mentioned at [70(b)] above, the plaintiff has a second passing
off claim that does not (ultimately) depend on goodwill or confusion in
Singapore as such. Indeed, I recognise that there is a _second type of passing
off_ that does not depend on the defendant actually deceiving or confusing its
direct consumers, but that is premised on the defendant having circulated
“instruments of deception”. As the learned author of Christopher Wadlow, _The
Law of Passing-Off: Unfair Competition by Misrepresentation_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
4th Ed, 2011) (“ _Wadlow on Passing Off_ ”) at para 5-134 puts it:

... The classic definition of passing-off in terms of a misrepresentation made
to customers or consumers is applicable without difficulty only to retailers.
Businesses higher up the chain of distribution, such as manufacturers or
importers, are, however, liable for passing-off in their own right under a
doctrine known as “instruments of deception”. In its most basic form, this
states that primary liability for passing-off attaches to the business
actually responsible for goods which are inherently likely to deceive ultimate
purchasers or consumers. ...

96 Under the doctrine of “instruments of deception”, passing off can be
committed where instruments of deception are supplied to a third party, even
if the third party (the trade buyer or middleman) is not deceived or confused.
It is no defence for a manufacturer to say that the retailer to whom he sold
his products is not deceived. A manufacturer who sells products which enable
retailers to make false representations to others can be liable in passing
off. Passing off arises if the plaintiff shows that the ultimate consumers
would be confused into thinking that they are acquiring the products of the
plaintiff: James Mellor _et al_ , _Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks and Trade Names_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2014) (“ _Kerly_ ”) at para 18-232.

97 On one view, the tort of passing off is complete when the goods are
supplied to the wholesaler or retailer, although the actual deception of
customers and consequent damage may not occur until later, or at all: _Wadlow
on Passing Off_ at para 5-134, _Tan Tee Jim_ at para 19.306. A plaintiff
therefore need not prove that the “instruments of deception” actually reached
ultimate consumers who were confused. It only need show that the goods were
supplied, or put into circulation. On the other hand, _Kerly_ at para 18-233
is of the view that an instrument of deception is a misrepresentation waiting
to happen which only needs to be exposed to the ultimate consumer for the tort
of passing off to be complete. Whilst it is not essential that the question as
to whether passing off is complete by the mere act of supplying an instrument
of deception to a middleman (who is not himself deceived) is decided in the
present case, I am of the view that the claim is better seen as one brought on
a _quia timet_ basis.

98 I also note that passing off may take place and be actionable in the home
jurisdiction even if the instruments of deception supplied in that
jurisdiction are to be subsequently _exported_ by the trade buyer: _John
Walker & Sons Ltd and others v Henry Ost & Co Ltd and another_ [1970] 1 WLR
917. In such a case, some authorities suggest that what must ultimately be
proved is that there is goodwill in the mark in the sense that the mark is
distinctive of the plaintiff in the _foreign market_ and misrepresentation has
arisen in the _foreign market_. As stated in _Wadlow on Passing Off_ at para
5-152:

... Under the doctrine of instruments of deception the tort of passing-off is
complete when deceptive goods are exported from or disposed of in England,
even though they may be destined for a foreign market. It is necessary to
prove that the goods are such as would deceive ultimate purchasers in that
market. _The claimant must therefore prove that his mark (etc.) is distinctive
in that market and that the defendant’s conduct is calculated to deceive
there._ These are purely relevant as matters of fact: the claimant does not
have to prove that the defendant’s conduct infringes any local law. ...
[emphasis added]

99 While it may seem counter-intuitive that passing off is also considered to
have occurred in Singapore despite the fact that the actual market where
distinctiveness is ultimately in issue and where the misrepresentation exists
is an overseas market (_ie_ , Cameroon in this case), the view may be taken
that this makes sense because the wrong lies in circulating “instruments of
deception” which _enable a middlemen or retailer to pass off his goods in
another market_. As long as the instruments of deception are supplied in a
particular jurisdiction, the tort on one view takes place and is completed in
that jurisdiction. At the very least, it is sufficient for a _quia timet_
action to be brought in the jurisdiction where the instruments are supplied.
The question remains, however, whether it is necessary to also show that the
instruments supplied are instruments of deception in both the home
jurisdiction (where the action is brought) as well as the overseas market.
This is discussed below at [144].

100 The tortious wrong underlying this form of passing off and the grant of
relief is the _supply of instruments of deception._

101 I turn now to the meaning of an “instrument of deception”. In _British
Telecommunication plc and another v One in a Million Ltd and others_ [1999] 1
WLR 903, Aldous LJ helpfully explained at 920D–F that:

... Whether any name is an instrument of fraud will depend upon all the
circumstances. A name which will, by reason of its similarity to the name of
another, _inherently lead to passing off is such an instrument_. _If it would
not inherently lead to passing off, it does not follow that it is not an
instrument of fraud. The court should consider the similarity of the names,
the intention of the defendant, the type of trade and all the surrounding
circumstances._ If it be the intention of the defendant to appropriate the
goodwill of another or enable others to do so, I can see no reason why the
court should not infer that it will happen, even if there is a possibility
that such an appropriation would not take place. If, taking all the
circumstances into account the court should conclude that the name was
produced to enable passing off, is _adapted to be used for passing off_ and,
if used, is likely to be fraudulently used, an injunction will be appropriate.
[emphasis added]

102 From the above passage, it is clear that there are instruments which would
“inherently lead to passing off”, and goods which may not “inherently lead to
passing off”, but may nevertheless be “adapted to be used for passing off”. As
the learned author of _Wadlow on Passing Off_ states at para 5-141, goods
which are “inherently deceptive” are goods which carry indicia so close to
what is distinctive of the claimant that the public is bound to be deceived
unless specific remedial or differentiating measures are taken. On the other
hand, where the goods supplied fall just short of being inherently deceptive,
but nevertheless can easily, by means of a misrepresentation of the retailer,
become deceptive, the supplier may still be liable if he provided the goods
with the _intention_ that they will be passed off by retailers. In such a
case, the supplier’s liability flows from the doctrine of joint tortfeasorship
(with the retailer).

103 Take for example the South African decision in _Omega, Louis Brandt et
Frère SA and Another v African Textile Distributors_ (1982) (1) TPD 951 (“
_Omega_ ”). The case involved rights over the well-known trade mark “OMEGA”
for watches in South Africa. The plaintiff’s basic complaint was that the
defendant was selling watches branded “HOMEGAS”. Traders (hawkers) who bought
the watches for retail sale were able to remove the alphabets “H” and “S” with
the result that the watches now bore the “OMEGA” brand. The hawkers sold these
altered watches to members of the public. The South African court had to
decide whether the defendant (as a wholesaler) was liable in passing off for
supplying “HOMEGAS” watches when these watches were not instruments of fraud
_per se_. The brand “HOMEGAS” was not so close to “OMEGA” as to be likely to
cause deception _on its own_. There was evidence, however, that the defendant
knew that some of the hawkers removed the letters “H” and “S”. The defendant
also sold a special tool for removing the watch crystals, thereby aiding the
hawkers in altering the brand embossed on the watch face. There was also
evidence that the defendant had used the same technique in respect of watches
bearing other brands. The Transvaal Provincial Division court, on appeal,
granted a temporary interdict (injunction). There was _prima facie_ evidence
that the defendant knew that some of its customers were in the habit of
removing the letters “H” and “S”, and that the maker of the watches had
deliberately chosen the “HOMEGAS” brand for this purpose. Even though the
defendant did not put the “OMEGA” brand on its watches, the court accepted
that the defendant was aware of what the hawkers were doing. In these
circumstances, the court, citing English authorities, held that the plaintiff
was entitled to an interlocutory injunction.

104 In _Omega_ , the defendant put into the hands of the retailers a product
which, whilst not an instrument of deception in its own right, could be
converted into an instrument of fraud by a simple operation. Indeed, the
defendants supplied the product with the knowledge that some of its retail
customers were doing that. Given evidence that the defendant also sold a
device used to facilitate the brand conversion (removal of the watch crystal),
together with the similar-fact evidence that the defendant had done this on
several previous occasions (in respect of other well-known brands), it was not
surprising that interlocutory relief was granted. Whilst the South African
court did not set out in detail the legal principles it relied on, it is
apparent that a case of _prima facie_ liability had been established on the
basis of joint tortfeasorship (more specifically, assisting the commission of
a tort), rather than on the basis of primary infringement: _Omega_ at 57A; and
_Wadlow on Passing Off_ at para 5-148.

105 Having said all that I have said above, I also acknowledge that there are
hardly any goods in existence which cannot be used in a deceptive manner by
someone determined to do so: _Wadlow on Passing Off_ at para 5-147. For this
reason, the evidence of the surrounding circumstances is critical where we are
dealing with goods that are not instruments of deception in their own right.
Important considerations a court must take into account include:

(a) how close the alleged spurious goods are to being regarded as instruments
of fraud in their own right (in respect of the indicia of trade origin);

(b) the relationship between the supplier and the retailers;

(c) whether the supplier has knowledge that the goods supplied are being used
deceptively;

(d) whether the supplier has provided any other assistance to his customers to
convert the goods into instruments of fraud; and

(e) whether the supplier has encouraged the retailers to acquire his goods for
the purpose of passing off.

106 I now summarise a number of general principles which may be gleaned from
the above discussion on instruments of deception and the law of passing off.

(a) First, supplying an instrument of deception is but one method of
committing the tort of passing off. The elements of the tort must still be
satisfied, _ie_ , a plaintiff must show there is goodwill, there would be a
misrepresentation when the ultimate consumers purchase the goods, and there is
or would be damage or the likelihood of damage to goodwill, albeit in a
foreign market if the instruments of deception are to be exported. The key
question in cases where the instrument of deception is intended to be exported
to a foreign market is whether the relevant indicia of origin has acquired a
reputation (distinctiveness) such that there is a likelihood of deception in
that market. If the plaintiff does not have goodwill in the relevant market,
there is no question of passing off being committed via instruments of
deception (or in any manner at all). Further, the alleged instrument of
deception must relate to the indicia of trade origin the use of which has
generated the plaintiff goodwill. Passing off is not a tort founded on
deception or confusion _simpliciter_. It is, and has always been, founded on
goodwill. In _Cadbury-Schweppes Pty Ltd and others v Pub Squash Co Pty Ltd_
[1981] 1 WLR 193 (“ _Cadbury-Schweppes_ ”), the plaintiff’s business was
clearly affected by the entry of the defendant’s goods into the same market.
The claim failed because the defendant did not copy any indicia of trade
origin which had become part of the goodwill of the product. The defendant’s
products, while substantially the same both in terms of the actual product,
the packaging, and the marketing, were not instruments of deception because
the claimed get-up, _etc_ , had not become part of the goodwill in the
product.

(b) Second, assuming goodwill, once the defendant supplies a middleman with an
instrument of deception in relation to that goodwill, the plaintiff (owner of
the goodwill) will have the right to an injunction even if the middleman has
not completed the tort by selling the deceptive goods to the public. In such a
case, an injunction on a _quia timet_ basis may be granted.

(c) Third, assuming goodwill, primary liability for passing off can arise
where the defendant supplies inherently deceptive products to the middleman to
commit passing off. However, if the defendant also had knowledge that the
middleman intends to use those means to commit passing off, the defendant will
also be liable as a joint tortfeasor for the acts of passing off committed by
the middleman or retailer. For example, if X supplies to Y labels bearing the
plaintiff’s trade mark for chilli sauce and containers on which the labels are
to be affixed, on the understanding and knowing and intending Y to apply the
labels and fill the containers with his own chilli sauce for sale to
customers, there is no doubt that X and Y are joint tortfeasors.

(d) Fourth, assuming goodwill and proof that the defendant has supplied an
instrument of deception to a middleman, liability will arise even if the
deceptive goods are intended for sale and are in fact sold to consumers in an
overseas market. Of course, it is necessary to show that customers in that
foreign country are deceived or likely to be deceived as to the trade origin
of the goods. In such a case, provided the transaction between the defendant
and the middleman takes place in Singapore, the law regards the tort as being
committed in Singapore (and actionable in some cases on a _quia timet_ basis).
That said, even if the circumstances are such that the tort is wholly
committed overseas (_ie_ , it is a foreign tort), the possibility remains of
bringing a suit in Singapore under the rules of private international law.

(e) Fifth, liability can still arise where the goods which, whilst not
instruments of deception in their own right, are near instruments of deception
and have been supplied in circumstances (_eg_ , with the requisite knowledge
and intent) such as to render the supplier a joint tortfeasor with the
retailer who uses the goods to commit passing off. In the present case, there
is no evidence that the defendants’ direct customers (_ie_ , the middlemen)
have used the defendants’ goods to commit passing off. On the evidence before
the court, no action for passing off has been brought against any of the
defendants’ customers or indeed, any retailers of “LS” branded products.

Goodwill

107 I next consider the law on goodwill. In _The Commissioners of Inland
Revenue v Muller & Co’s Margarine Limited_ [1901] AC 217 at 223–224, the House
of Lords defined goodwill as “the benefit and advantage of the good name,
reputation and connection of a business. It is the attractive force which
brings in custom...”. The Singapore Court of Appeal in _Novelty v Amanresorts_
at [39] took a similar approach and identified two essential features of
goodwill:

... First, it is the association of a good, service or business on which the
plaintiff’s mark, name, labelling, _etc_ (referred to generically as the
plaintiff’s “get-up”) has been applied with a particular source. Second, this
association is “an attractive force which brings in custom” ...

108 Not only must a plaintiff prove that it has a business with customers, it
must also show the marks, get-up, or design (or whatever it may be) that the
plaintiff desires to protect is an “attractive force” (much like a magnet)
which brings custom to that business.

109 Practically, a plaintiff seeking to establish that it owns goodwill must
prove that the public recognises use of the claimed brand name, logo, colour
scheme, get-up, slogan, shape, _etc_ , as serving the purpose of an indicator
of origin. The public must regard goods or services with the claimed mark as
coming from a particular source (manufacturer, retailer, service provider and
so forth). Applying this principle to the present case, the plaintiffs bear
the burden of proving that the SINGSUNG Get-Up has generated goodwill on the
part of the Singapore public (or at least a section of it). To be clear, the
mark or get-up _etc_. must be attached to the goods or services by association
such that these are recognised by the public as distinctive specifically of a
plaintiff’s goods or services.

110 Goodwill is usually established by evidence of use, advertising
expenditure promoting the indicia of origin, as well as market surveys. The
law of passing off frequently protects the brand name of the product, given
that it is usually quite easy to establish that the brand name is an indicator
of origin and hence generates goodwill. However, this does not mean that the
shape or get-up of a product (being an aspect of the product itself), or the
advertising slogans used with it, can never be protected by the tort of
passing off. What it does mean is that the court will examine the evidence on
these other aspects of the product with care before deciding whether customers
(the market) recognise these features as being distinctive of the plaintiff.

111 At this juncture, I note that courts have been cautious in the face of
claims that get-up, product design or slogans (rather than the brand name)
have become generators of the goodwill of a business. Given that the
plaintiffs’ claims in this case relate to precisely that, I shall discuss in
slightly more detail the case law on the extent to which the shape and get-up
of a product, or even certain slogans used by the business to advertise the
product, can be part of the goodwill, and hence protected under the law of
passing off.

112 _White Hudson & Co v Asian Organisation Ltd_ [1965] MLJ 186 (Privy Council
on appeal from Singapore) is a well-known case where the plaintiff succeeded
in establishing goodwill in the colour of packaging of the product. Despite
the fact that the plaintiff and the defendant had different brand names, the
plaintiff succeeded in his claim for passing off based on his use of red paper
wrapping for cough sweets. The evidence showed that members of the public in
Singapore at that time usually referred to the plaintiff’s sweets as “red
paper wrapped sweets” in Chinese, rather than by its English brand name,
“Hacks”. This finding was supported by evidence that the plaintiff’s Singapore
customers at that time were not fluent in English, and hence used the colour
of the wrapper to identify the product.

113 Yet another case where goodwill was found to subsist in the shape of a
container for a product is the House of Lord’s _Reckitt_ decision. The
plaintiff sold fresh, natural lemon juice in a lemon-shaped container with a
green screw top and a label attached to the neck. The plaintiff had, for 30
years, been the only manufacturer using this type of container and get-up. The
plaintiff’s brand name was “JIF”. The defendant also sold fresh lemon juice in
a similarly shaped and coloured container, with a label attached to the neck
containing its brand name “REALEMON”. The defendant challenged, among other
things, the existence of goodwill in the shape and colour of the lemon juice
container. The get-up was said to be descriptive of the product both in terms
of shape and colour. The trial judge, Court of Appeal and House of Lords in
the UK found that the shape of the container had acquired a secondary meaning
that was distinctive of the plaintiff. The trial judge had found that many
members of the public (_eg_ , housewives) would buy the defendant’s product
thinking that it was the plaintiff’s. On this basis, Lord Oliver found that
the shape of the container was a generator of goodwill. The shape did more
than just indicate that the container contained lemon juice. It indicated that
the container contained “JIF” lemon juice. The shape and get-up had become
associated in the minds of substantial numbers of the relevant public
exclusively with JIF lemon juice.

114 There are, of course, many cases where the claim that the shape of a
product enjoys goodwill has failed. The plaintiff in the English case
_Hodgkinson & Corby Ltd and another v Wards Mobility Services Ltd (No 1)_
[1994] 1 WLR 1564 sold a cushion for preventing sores on wheel chair bound
individuals. The plaintiff claimed that the cushion had “a striking and
memorable shape”, and that the shape of the cushion was protected as part of
the goodwill. Goodwill in this case was asserted over the shape of the
product, rather than a container. The brand name of the plaintiff’s cushion
was “Roho”. The defendant made a “look alike” under the brand “Flo’tair”. The
action for passing off failed. The court was of the view that customers bought
the cushion for what it was. They did not rely on the shape as an indicator of
trade origin.

115 Another decision is the English High Court decision in _Yakult Honsha KK’s
Trade Mark Application_ [2001] RPC 39 (“the _Yakult_ case”). In this case, the
applicant tried to register the shape of a bottle used to contain cultured
milk as a trade mark. _The court held that the average consumer was likely to
conclude that the shape of the bottle in question was nothing more than a
bottle of fairly ordinary shape. There was no evidence in the sales promotion
efforts that effort was made to specifically promote the shape of the bottle
as having trade mark significance. There was nothing to suggest that at date
of the application, the applicant had done anything to educate the public that
its cultured milk bottles had trade mark significance. There was also no
evidence that the public had learned of such significance (ie, treated the
shape of the bottle as an indicator of trade origin) apart from the
applicant's marketing efforts. Laddie J noted (at [10]) that learned counsel_
, Mr Simon Thorley QC, had rightly conceded that the fact that a container is
unusual or attractive does not, _per se_ , mean that the public will view and
rely on it as an indicator of origin. The relevant question is not whether the
public recognises the container on seeing it a second time, or in other words,
whether it is memorable. The relevant question is “whether by itself its
appearance would convey trade mark significance to the average customer.”

116 Whilst the court’s remarks in the _Yakult_ case were made in the context
of a registered trade mark, the general principle is broadly similar in a
passing off action. In the law of trade mark what is protected is the trade
mark. In the case of passing off what is protected is the goodwill enjoyed by
the plaintiff in his goods or services. To succeed in passing off, the
plaintiff must show that the name, get-up, shape, _etc_ , has become
distinctive in the market in that the public associate the name, get-up,
shape, _etc_ , exclusively with the plaintiff. If so, the feature is a
generator of goodwill and is protected in the sense that it is a part of the
goodwill. Whilst registered trade mark is concerned with protecting a trade
marks as a species of property, the tort of passing off is concerned with
protecting goodwill as a species of property.

117 Reference can also be helpfully made to the decision of FA Chua J in
_Malaysia Dairy Industries Pte Ltd and another v Yakult (Singapore) Pte Ltd_
[1979-1980] SLR(R) 211. This case also concerned the shape of the bottle used
for a cultured milk drink. The plaintiff (owner of the “VITAGEN” brand)
applied for an interlocutory injunction against the defendant, who used a
similarly shaped bottle for its cultured milk drink. The application was
denied because, _inter alia_ , the court was not satisfied that the shape of
the Vitagen container had become (by use or otherwise) associated exclusively
with the plaintiff’s lactic acid drink such that that the use of a similarly
shaped bottle would be understood by the trade and public in Singapore as
meaning that the goods were the goods of the plaintiff and no one else’s. On
the facts (as they appeared at the interlocutory stage), Chua J found that the
respective brand names (“YAKULT” and “VITAGEN”) were more important than the
shape. The brand names had featured prominently in the advertising, but the
advertising neither emphasised the shape of the container, nor taught the
public that they could identify the product by the shape of the container. The
shape of the bottle therefore did not generate goodwill.

118 Just as the courts exercise care where goodwill is claimed in respect of
the shape of a product, care is also exercised where goodwill is claimed in
respect of advertising slogans or the image of a product or service.

119 In _Cadbury-Schweppes_ , the Privy Council, on appeal from Australia,
found that the plaintiff had not established that the get-up and the slogan
used to market the product was part of the goodwill or had generated goodwill.
The plaintiff’s product was a soft drink based on lemon squash. It was
launched with a heavy advertising campaign, which promoted the soft drink as a
masculine alternative to beer. The plaintiff’s brand name was “Solo”. The
drink was sold in green and yellow cans with a medallion type label similar to
ones commonly found on beer cans. The advertising campaign stressed the theme
of ruggedness and the great outdoors. Slogans used included: “Just Like the
great old Pub Squashes of Yesteryear”. The plaintiff’s claim was that the
defendant took advantage of the new market opened up by the plaintiff. The
defendant made a similar lemon squash drink under the brand “Pub Squash”, used
a can of similar colour with a medallion label, and promoted its drink with
similar advertising themes of heroic masculinity and “stalwart men”.

120 The passing off action failed. The parties had completely different brand
names, and the plaintiff was not able to show that the advertising themes,
slogans, or the can colour played a part in generating goodwill. The court
found that the slogans were not distinctive of plaintiff (in the sense of an
exclusive association). It followed that there was no misrepresentation in the
sense required by passing off. In response to the argument that the acts of
the defendant were unfair as they were taking advantage of a new market that
had been opened up by the plaintiff, the Privy Council held (at 200F–G):

... [C]ompetition must remain free: and competition is safeguarded by the
necessity for a plaintiff to prove that he has built up an ‘intangible
property right’ in the advertised descriptions of his product: or, in other
words, that he has succeeded by such methods in giving his product a
distinctive character accepted by the market. A defendant, however, does no
wrong by entering a market created by another and there competing with its
creator. The line may be difficult to draw: but unless it is drawn,
competition will be stifled. ...

121 The Privy Council noted (at 205H) that if the law did not draw the line,
the danger is that “[t]he new, small man would increasingly find his entry
into an existing market obstructed by the large traders already well known as
operating in it”. These are sentiments that I fully agree with.

122 The above cases show that whilst it is possible to claim that descriptive
get-up, shapes or colour of products, or advertising slogans have acquired a
secondary signification (as an indicator of trade origin), the court will
scrutinise such claims carefully. Importantly, a claimant must prove that a
substantial portion of the members of the public do indeed view the claimed
generators of goodwill as distinctive of the plaintiff. This is a question of
_fact_. Sufficient evidence is needed to convince the court that such a
factual conclusion is merited.

123 The final point I make in relation to goodwill for now is that the task of
establishing goodwill in words or marks that are _essentially descriptive_ of
a product or service is tricky, but not impossible. This is illustrated by
cases such as _Frank Reddaway and Frank Reddaway & Co Limited v George Banham
and George Banham & Co Limited_ [1896] AC 199 (“ _Reddaway_ ”); _Mechanical
Handling Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Material Handling Engineering Pte Ltd and
another_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 365; _Super Coffeemix Manufacturing Ltd v Unico
Trading Pte Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 214;
_Lifestyle 1.99 Pte Ltd v S$1.99 Pte Ltd (trading as One.99 Shop)_ [2000] 1
SLR(R) 687; and _Ozone Community Corp v Advance Magazine Publishers Inc_
[2010] 2 SLR 459.

124 Bearing the above cases, policy considerations, and principles in mind, I
turn now to consider the plaintiffs’ straightforward passing off claim.

Straightforward passing off claim

125 As stated at [94] above, the plaintiffs’ straightforward passing off claim
is based on the following premises:

(a) The SINGSUNG Get-Up (described at [53] above) enjoys goodwill in
Singapore.

(b) There was a misrepresentation such that the trade buyers who directly
purchased the 1st Defendant’s products were deceived or are likely to have
been deceived as to the origin of the defendants’ goods.

(c) As a result of the deception, the plaintiffs’ goodwill in Singapore is
damaged.

Goodwill in Singapore

126 As discussed above, in order to prove goodwill in Singapore, a plaintiff
must prove that it has business within jurisdiction, and that its mark or get-
up is an attractive force that brings in custom. The latter requires proof
that the mark or get-up is an attractive force in the minds of the public. By
attractive force, I stress again that it is not enough that the public finds
the get-up aesthetically attractive or functionally useful.

(1) Proof of business within jurisdiction

127 In determining whether the 1st Plaintiff enjoys goodwill in Singapore, the
first thing I must consider is whether there is proof of a business within
jurisdiction: Ng-Loy Wee Loon, _Law of Intellectual Property of Singapore_ ,
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2014) (“ _Law of Intellectual Property of Singapore_
”) at section 17.4. I note in passing the recent decision of the UK Supreme
Court in _Starbucks (HK)_ , and its review of case law on whether it was still
necessary to establish a business within jurisdiction before goodwill can be
found to subsist. In Singapore, as the law currently stands, it is clear that
goodwill requires proof that the plaintiff has business activity in Singapore.
Reputation alone is not sufficient. That said, it may be sufficient if there
is substantial pre-business activity such as heavy advertising campaigns
intended to familiarise the public with the product or service (see the views
in _Staywell_ and _CDL Hotels International Ltd v Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd_
[1998] 1 SLR(R) 975, and compare _Starbucks (HK)_).

128 Whilst there remains some uncertainty over what constitutes sufficient
business or trading activity such as to be capable of forming the basis of a
claim to goodwill in law, I am of the view that the plaintiffs have
established that they have a sufficient business in Singapore.

129 Evidence was given of the sales volume that the 1st Plaintiff has achieved
in Singapore. The sales volume to overseas trade buyers, such as GEN, is
considerable. Whilst there is some dispute and uncertainty as to how and where
the plaintiffs dealt with the overseas trade buyers, I am satisfied that
overseas trade buyers have placed significant orders with the 1st Plaintiff in
Singapore. For this reason, I have no doubt that the 1st Plaintiff has
established a business within jurisdiction on which he can try to mount a
claim for goodwill in its indicators of trade origin. Whether all the claimed
features of get-up, _etc_ , are in fact relevant as generators of the goodwill
is another matter.

130 In coming to the decision that the 1st Plaintiff has sufficient business
within jurisdiction, I took into account the decision of Judith Prakash J in
_Future Enterprises Pte Ltd v Tong Seng Produce Pte Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 797
(“ _Future Enterprises_ ”). In that case, the plaintiff, a Singapore company,
manufactured coffee in Singapore for export and sale to overseas markets (in
particular, Russia). The plaintiff’s products were not available anywhere in
Singapore. There was no evidence of any “local sales”. In other words, the
plaintiff had no local consumers—its end users were all overseas. Indeed, the
court found (at [36]) that there was no evidence of any export trade community
in Singapore among which the plaintiff’s brand enjoyed goodwill. In these
circumstances, it is not surprising that the court concluded (at [42]) that
the plaintiff had not proven that it enjoyed a sufficient reputation and
goodwill in Singapore to found an action for passing off.

131 In the present case, there is evidence that the overseas trade buyers
(from Cameroon, _etc_) attended at the 1st Plaintiff’s shop in Singapore. As
overseas trade customers coming to Singapore, they are still customers _in
Singapore_. Products were selected and orders were placed in Singapore.
Furthermore, in the present case, unlike _Future Enterprises_ , there is
evidence of some sales to local, Singapore-based customers. Whilst the sales
volume to Singapore customers is very much smaller, I am satisfied that the
plaintiffs have sufficient business in Singapore on which they can mount a
claim to goodwill. What is critical is whether the plaintiffs are able to
establish reputation in the claimed get-up, _etc_. In coming to this
conclusion, I am also assisted by the remarks of Lord Neuberger in _Starbucks
(HK)_ at [52] that goodwill requires proof of customers within jurisdiction as
opposed to people in jurisdiction who happened to be customers elsewhere. Even
though the UK Supreme Court maintained the view that reputation alone was
insufficient to found an action for passing-off, Lord Neuberger accepted that
it may be sufficient if there was a booking office within jurisdiction whereby
people within jurisdiction obtained the right to receive the plaintiff’s
services abroad. Whilst this statement was made in respect of hotel services,
the statement must be applicable to goods as well. In the present case, the
1st Plaintiff has a real business presence in Singapore with actual customers
doing business in Singapore (although the latter are predominantly whole sale
buyers from overseas).

(2) SINGSUNG Get-Up being an indicator of trade origin in Singapore

132 Besides proving that the 1st Plaintiff has a sufficient business in
Singapore, the plaintiffs must also prove that the SINGSUNG Get-Up is
perceived to be an indicator of trade origin (distinctive of the first
plaintiff) in Singapore. This is a question of fact and evidence.

133 On the whole, the evidence of sales to Singapore-based customers was thin.
There was some evidence of sales statistics to Singapore-based customers.
However, there was no further evidence to prove that those statistics related
to Singapore-based end user consumers. In fact, the defendants strongly
disputed that the 1st Plaintiff had any Singapore-based end user consumers. In
any event, even assuming that the 1st Plaintiff did make sales to Singapore-
based end user consumers, the statistics show that the volume of such sales
was much smaller.

134 Most crucial to my mind, however, is the complete absence of evidence that
the local buyers had come to associate the SINGSUNG Get-Up exclusively with
the plaintiffs. No Singaporean customer gave evidence on any of these matters.
I thus find myself compelled to conclude that there is no basis for a finding
that the SINGSUNG Get-Up is regarded as distinctive of the 1st Plaintiff among
members of the Singapore public.

135 Of course, goodwill in the SINGSUNG Get-Up need not be enjoyed in the eyes
of the public at large. It can be sufficient for goodwill to exist among a
small section of society or a class of the public: _Novelty v Amanresorts_ at
[44]. The plaintiffs could perhaps argue that the SINGSUNG Get-Up enjoyed
goodwill in Singapore among the small group of trade buyers who purchased the
1st Plaintiff’s goods. Indeed, it is clear that the 1st Plaintiff did have a
number of overseas trade buyer customers. However, it seems that most of these
trade customers (_eg_ , GEN) were aware that the 1st Plaintiff and 1st
Defendant are separate companies competing in the same line of products. They
are familiar with the two brand names, and are fully aware of the similarity
in the parties’ products. In any case, there was insufficient evidence of
confusion on the part of the trade customers. Whilst two trade buyers from
Cameroon gave evidence of their buying trips to Singapore, it does not appear
that either placed reliance on the _get-up_ of either the plaintiffs’ or
defendants’ products as indicators of trade origin.

136 As such, it cannot be said that these trade customers treat the SINGSUNG
Get-Up as an indicator of trade origin. It would be foolish to do so, given
that they know the 1st Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant carry similar (and
occasionally near-identical) products.

137 Perhaps, the most that can be said, and indeed very fairly said, is that
goodwill exists in the “SINGSUNG” brand. However, this is very different from
stating that the SINGSUNG Get-Up is treated as an indicator of trade origin,
and hence generates goodwill. In my view, there is simply no evidence that the
SINGSUNG Get-Up is treated as an indicator of trade origin by any sector of
the public in Singapore. I thus find that goodwill does not exist in the
SINGSUNG Get-Up, even in the eyes of this small group of trade customers.

Misrepresentation and damage in Singapore

138 Given my conclusion that the SINGSUNG Get-Up does not enjoy goodwill in
Singapore, the straightforward passing off claim must fail. It is unnecessary
for me to consider misrepresentation and damage.

139 Nevertheless, I point out that given the prominence of the 1st Plaintiff’s
and 1st Defendant’s different brands on their respective products, and given
that there can be no claim to illiteracy on the part of the 1st Plaintiff’s
and 1st Defendant’s overseas trade buyers, it is highly unlikely that any
trade buyer would be confused.

Passing off based on instruments of deception

140 As mentioned above, there is a second type of passing off claimed—that
based on the doctrine of instruments of deception. As discussed, a plaintiff
must show that a defendant did supply the alleged instruments of deception,
and that the products are indeed instruments of deception. The latter involves
either showing that the goods are inherently deceptive, or if they fall just
short of being inherently deceptive, showing that the defendant knew or
intended that the goods be adapted by the retailer for the purposes of passing
off.

141 In this case, it is not in dispute that the alleged instruments of
deception have been supplied by the defendant. The only question is whether
the 1st Defendant’s products which are in question are instruments of
deception. At this point, I reiterate the following points which I made above:

(a) If the plaintiff does not have goodwill in the relevant jurisdiction,
there is no question of passing off being committed via instruments of
deception (or in any manner at all).

(b) The alleged instrument of deception must relate to the indicia of trade
origin in respect of which the plaintiff has goodwill. In other words, the
deception alleged must arise in respect of the mark, get-up _etc_. which has
become exclusively associated with the plaintiff.

142 The important preliminary question is the identity of the relevant
jurisdiction. Where an alleged instrument of deception is supplied to a trader
in Singapore for use in an export market, is it necessary to establish that
the plaintiff enjoys goodwill in Singapore and that the instrument supplied is
_also_ an instrument deception in Singapore? I have found that whilst goodwill
subsists in the SINGSUNG brand, there is no evidence that the get-up is
treated as an indicator of origin by any sector of the public in Singapore. It
follows that there is no evidence that the products were instruments of
deception in Singapore. It may be thought that in such a case, it is not
necessary to consider whether the get-up is seen as distinctive of the
plaintiff in the export market (Cameroon). Even if it is treated as such in
the overseas market, it may be suggested that this makes no difference given
that they are not instruments of deception in Singapore, where the suit is
brought. Indeed, whilst the UK Supreme Court in _Starbucks (HK)_ was not
dealing with a case of exports of instruments of deception, it was said at
[53] that the English court in a passing off action in the UK had to be
satisfied that the plaintiff’s business has goodwill within its jurisdiction.

143 The difficulty, however, is the decision of the English High Court in
_Modus Vivendi plc v Keen (World Marketing Ltd)_ (5 July 1995) (unreported) (“
_Modus Vivendi_ ”). In that case, a passing off action was brought in the UK
in respect of cans of butane gas made in England and exported for sale in
China. The claim was based on similarities in the get-up and not brand names.
Lightman J, in finding for the plaintiff (after a ten-day trial), commented:

... It is perhaps somewhat surprising that a trial as to the existence of
Ronson’s goodwill in China and as to whether customers in China have been
misled by [the defendant] should be tried in England according to principles
of English law, and that there has been no trial before a court in China or
(at this trial) any references to the law of China. But this is because [the
defendant’s cans] were manufactured in England and sold to [the defendant’s]
exclusive distributor in Hong Kong for onward sale to and in China, and in
these circumstances, if Ronson’s allegations are true, since ‘the instruments
of deception’ (Keen’s cans) were put into circulation in this jurisdiction,
under English law the tort of passing-off has been committed in England,
though the damage, in respect of which compensation is sought ... has been
suffered outside the jurisdiction ie. in China. ...

144 The facts and issues concerning the get-up in _Modus Vivendi_ are
considered at [224]–[225] below. What is significant is that the court, in
deciding for the plaintiff, focused its discussion primarily on the market in
China. Specifically, the court considered whether the plaintiff’s get-up were
indicators of origin in China and protected by goodwill in that market. There
was no consideration as to whether the get-up was regarded as an indicator of
origin (associated exclusively with the plaintiff) in the UK market. What was
said was that the Ronson brand name enjoyed substantial goodwill in the UK for
its products which included cans of butane gas refills. That said, the focus
was on whether goodwill in the cans and a misrepresentation (constituted by
the defendant’s get-up and cans) existed in China. The problem, however, is
that what is required is that the instruments supplied in jurisdiction are
instruments _of deception_. It may be argued that it is also necessary to
establish that the supplied goods are instruments of deception in the country
of supply where the suit is brought. After all, goodwill is territorial in
nature. It may be that the court in _Modus Vivendi_ proceeded on the basis
that the get-up was indeed also associated exclusively with Ronson (although
this was not expressly mentioned) in the UK. Given the importance of this
point and the submissions, I will in the paragraphs that follow ([147]–[219]),
examine the position of the get-up, _etc_ , in Cameroon with a view to
determining whether these were associated in that market exclusively with the
1st Plaintiff such as to make the goods supplied instruments of deception in
that market. To be clear, I state at the outset that even if it is not
necessary to show that the supplied instruments are instruments of deception
in the country of supply and where the suit is brought (Singapore), this makes
no difference on the actual facts to my final decision since I am (for reasons
discussed below) of the view that any goodwill that the Plaintiffs enjoyed in
Cameroon does not in any case protect the get-up.

145 In this case, following _Modus Vivendi_ , the relevant jurisdiction in
question is Cameroon. This is where the alleged “instruments of deception”
(_ie_ , the 1st Defendant’s products) were exported and allegedly caused
confusion. While there was some assertion that the 1st Plaintiff did export
its products to other foreign markets, the evidence on the goodwill in the
SINGSUNG Get-Up related only to the Cameroon market. As such, I confine any
findings I make to that market.

146 I shall first consider if the SINGSUNG Get-Up enjoys goodwill in the
Cameroon market in the sense that the get-up has become associated exclusively
in the minds of the public with the 1st Plaintiff. If it does, I then consider
if the 1st Defendant’s products are instruments of deception in that they
effectively misrepresent themselves to be the 1st Plaintiff’s goods to the
public in Cameroon.

Goodwill in Cameroon

147 It is undisputed the 1st Plaintiff’s products are sold in Cameroon. The
key question is therefore whether the SINGSUNG Get-Up has acquired a
reputation and distinctiveness in Cameroon.

148 I first broadly explain my conclusions on the evidence relating to whether
the SINGSUNG Get-Up is viewed as an indicator of trade origin in Cameroon. I
then go into detail on the evidence presented on each aspect of the SINGSUNG
Get-Up. It might be helpful (again) for me to state upfront, that I ultimately
conclude that the plaintiffs have not provided sufficient evidence to justify
a factual finding that members of the public in Cameroon view the SINGSUNG
Get-Up as distinctive of the 1st Plaintiff. Indeed, there is no basis for
finding that the 1st Defendant’s get-up amounts to a misrepresentation. This,
to my mind, is fatal to the plaintiffs’ claim for liability under the doctrine
of instruments of deception.

149 The plaintiffs’ evidence that the SINGSUNG Get-Up has generated goodwill
consists mainly of assertions by the 2nd Plaintiff and GEN (the plaintiffs’
customer who imported the 1st Plaintiff’s goods into Cameroon) that end user
purchasers (_eg_ , housewives) in Cameroon were not fluent in English, and
would therefore identify the 1st Plaintiff’s products by reference to the get-
up and design rather than by its brand name “SINGSUNG”.[note: 46] In other
words, according to the plaintiffs’ evidence, the brand names played no role
in distinguishing the 1st Plaintiff’s and 1st Defendant’s products.

150 No end users from Cameroon gave evidence on this. No survey was carried
out on the Cameroon market to find out how the public there perceives the
“SINGSUNG” brand name or the SING-SUNG Get-Up. Indeed, aside from the 2nd
Plaintiff’s and GEN’s bare assertions, there is no corroborative evidence that
the average consumer in Cameroon was unable to identify competing products by
their brand names.

151 The plaintiffs’ customer, GEN, did give evidence that he had personally
been confused on one occasion when he saw what appeared to be a DVD player in
a white carton in Douala.[note: 47] The evidence, however, was hard to follow.
It appears that he saw the carton from some distance and on the basis of what
is perhaps best described as a glancing encounter. No other details were
provided. No corroborative evidence was provided on confusion. As such, I gave
little weight to this evidence.

152 Further, the mere fact that the plaintiffs’ sales may have dropped with
the entry of the defendants into the market does not mean that confusion had
taken place. Competition, even lawful competition, will naturally have an
impact on market share.

153 On the contrary, TSA for the defendants testified that the brand name was
important to customers in Cameroon.[note: 48] TSA gave evidence that well-
established brands such as “SAMSUNG” and “LG” have entered Cameroon. These
brands were said to be more expensive than Singapore brands such as SINGSUNG
and LS. [note: 49]

154 As such, given the state of the evidence, I ultimately find that the
plaintiffs have failed to prove that the SINGSUNG Get-Up generated goodwill in
Cameroon. I find that there is insufficient evidence to show that the
Cameroonian public viewed the SINGSUNG Get-Up as distinctive of the 1st
Plaintiff. I also find that there is insufficient evidence to prove that the
brand names “SINGSUNG” and “LS” bore little or no significance in the Cameroon
market. This is a point to which I shall return to below.

155 At this juncture, I would like to acknowledge that as in _Cadbury-
Schweppes_ , I have little doubt that the 2nd Defendant took advantage of the
plaintiffs’ efforts in developing the market in Africa for new electrical
products that were made in China but sold from Singapore. I also have no doubt
that the fury and irritation felt by the 2nd Plaintiff was real when he
discovered that his own brother, the 2nd Defendant, had become his competitor
and shadow. Moreover, the defendants may well have made use of the 2nd
Plaintiff’s effort and labour in selecting what he thought were desirable and
saleable electrical and household products by ordering products that were
similar or identical to the 1st Plaintiff’s products. However, as Walton J
said in _Harrison and Starkey v Polydor_ [1977] FSR 1 (albeit a copyright case
on moral rights), quoting Lord Evershed MR: fury, even justifiable fury, is
not a cause of action. The plaintiffs have not been able to prove what is most
critical in this case—that the SINGSUNG Get-Up is part of the goodwill.

156 The following paragraphs ([157]–[219]) set out a more detailed assessment
of the evidence in respect of each aspect of the SINGSUNG Get-Up, and further
explain my ultimate finding that the SINGSUNG Get-Up is not a generator of
goodwill.

(1) DVD Players

157 The plaintiffs assert goodwill in the packaging of the DVD players, as
well as other features of its product design.

158 In relation to DVD A, I have already briefly described the White Get-Up
(at [53(a)] above). The White Get-Up consists of a carton containing the DVD
player, which is white in colour. On the carton, there is an image depicting a
modern living room and guitars. An image of a DVD player also appears together
with a brief description of the main features of the DVD player, which
include: “USB Download”; “5.1 Channel DVD Player”; “32 Digital Gaming”; and
“Anti-shock”. The brand name “SINGSUNG” is prominently displayed, as is the
“SAFETY MARK”. (The “SAFETY MARK” certifies that certain household electrical,
electronic and gas products meet the specified safety standards set by
Singaporean authorities; these controlled goods require such certification
before they can be sold in Singapore: see the SPRING Singapore website at
http://www.spring.gov.sg/Building-Trust/Raising-Confidence/Pages/raising-
confidence-overview.aspx (last accessed on 28 May 2015)). The 2nd Plaintiff
claims he designed the White Get-Up with the help of his in-house graphic
designer, CYX.[note: 50] DVD A was obtained from a Chinese ODM known as
Shenzhen Yinke Technology Development Co Ltd.[note: 51]

159 I have likewise already briefly described the Blue Get-Up on DVD B (at
[53(b)] above). The Blue Get-Up refers to the use of a blue box carton, on
which is an image of a DVD player as well as the SINGSUNG brand clearly marked
on the carton.[note: 52] The evidence established that there was, in fact, a
number of models of DVD B sourced by the plaintiffs and on-sold to African
importers. During the hearing, the 2nd Plaintiff gave evidence of a number of
different models under the DVD B range: DHI, DHII and DHIII. The get-up and
size of the cartons for DHII and DHIII were slightly different from DHI, which
is the model depicted in the statement of claim.[note: 53] The 2nd Plaintiff
also gave evidence of his contributions to certain design changes to the
packaging (made with the assistance of SEC).[note: 54] DVD B was obtained from
a Chinese ODM known as Shenzhen Longge Electronics Ltd.[note: 55]

160 Leaving aside the lack of specific, corroborative evidence that members of
the public would associate the White Get-Up and the Blue Get-Up exclusively
with the 1st Plaintiff for the moment, it seems to me that neither the White
Get-Up nor the Blue Get-Up were exceptionally attention-grabbing or memorable.
They were fairly typical choices for DVD player packaging. In my view, this
makes it far harder (though not impossible) for the plaintiffs to prove that
the White Get-Up and the Blue Get-Up acquired a secondary meaning.

161 Indeed, on this point, I note that the 2nd Plaintiff himself accepted in
cross-examination that the packaging of most DVD players would include a
photograph or image of the DVD player.[note: 56] When asked whether blue was a
common colour for the packaging of DVD players, the 2nd Plaintiff’s only
response was that no other DVD player packaging came in the _shade_ of blue he
chose for his cartons, as well as with the exact design he selected.[note: 57]
I note also that whilst GEN, a witness for the plaintiffs from Cameroon,
initially took the position that DVD B was the only DVD player sold in a blue
carton at the time when it was introduced, under further cross-examination, it
became apparent that there were other DVD players from other retailers
marketed in blue cartons although the exact shade of blue and overall design
of the said cartons were different.[note: 58] Further, the 2nd Plaintiff
agreed that the blue colour used for DVD B (in particular, DHI), was different
from the blue used on the packaging of the LS DVD player. However, he insisted
that the blue was not very different.[note: 59]

162 It bears repeating that a prominent feature of the 1st Plaintiff’s DVD
player packaging is the “SINGSUNG” brand. In fact, in cross-examination, the
2nd Plaintiff asserted many times that the “SINGSUNG” brand was famous or
well-known (of course, he was also quick to add the caveat that consumers in
Africa purchased products based on its overall design and appearance, not
based on its brand). In my view, the brand name appended on the DVD player
packaging is clearly the most obvious and self-evident trade mark. If the 1st
Plaintiff is to establish that the get-up (which comprises commonplace
features) has acquired a secondary meaning and hence generates goodwill,
clearer evidence is needed.

163 Even leaving aside the complete lack of evidence from actual customers,
there is no evidence that the 1st Plaintiff spent time and money in promoting
the White Get-Up and the Blue Get-Up as an indicator of trade origin, as
distinct from promotion of the brand “SINGSUNG”. Whilst the 2nd Plaintiff gave
evidence of the 1st Plaintiff’s advertising in African countries and
elsewhere[note: 60], the advertisements do not underscore the White Get-Up and
Blue Get-Up as indicators of trade origin. The White Get-Up and Blue Get-Up
are not actually depicted on the various advertisements exhibited in the 2nd
Plaintiff’s affidavit;[note: 61] the advertisements mainly contain the
“SINGSUNG” brand, and on occasion, pictures of the actual DVD players (rather
than their packaging). Indeed, as counsel accepted in the _Yakult_ case, the
fact that a design or get-up is memorable (which I am not convinced is even
proven in this case) does not mean that it is memorable in the _trade mark
sense_. Whilst this is of course a registered trade mark decision the general
point is that a memorable design is not necessarily a generator of goodwill in
the tort of passing off. Without evidence that customers view the design or
get-up as an indicator of trade origin, or at the very least, evidence that
_significant_ advertising and marketing efforts promote the claimed feature as
an indicia of trade origin, a court would find it difficult to conclude that
the claimed get-up is relevant to the goodwill that is the concern of passing
off.

164 The 2nd Plaintiff also gave evidence of the time, effort and care he put
in to make certain changes to the design of the DVD players. In particular, he
claims to have come up with the idea of the start-up screen, although he
accepts that it was a designer from the Chinese manufacturer he placed orders
with who actually reduced the idea into visual form.[note: 62]

165 The 2nd Plaintiff also claimed to have requested the following additions
or changes to the DVD players and/or their packaging[note: 63]:

(a) Provision of additional ports on the DVD players.

(b) Provision of a karaoke and power button on the front left panel.

(c) A safety sticker to be placed on the rear panel.

(d) The use of a black and silver colour scheme.

(e) Painting the screws fixed on the body of the DVD black, together with the
application of small black dots on the rear panel to create a dotted panel
effect.

(f) A sticker for the front panel which provided information on key features
such as “USB-Download”.

(g) A warranty card, the terms of which are said to have been penned by the
2nd Plaintiff’s wife with the assistance of an unnamed individual.[note: 64]

166 Even if I were to accept the 2nd Plaintiff’s evidence on the requested
additions or changes in its entirety, it is hard to see how this can help the
plaintiffs make out a case for goodwill either in respect of each individual
addition or change, or in terms of the impact made by the changes and
additions as a whole.

167 I repeat my observation (at [160] above) that many of the features of DVD
A and DVD B are ordinary and commonplace on DVD players sold by a variety of
retailers. The use of a black and silver colour scheme, and the application of
tiny black dots to create a dotted effect on the back panel, appears to be
commonplace in the industry. During cross-examination, the 2nd Plaintiff was
shown pictures of Samsung and Sony DVD players with a similar number and
placement of ports, as well as a similar use of a dotted back panel (in the
case of the Sony DVD).[note: 65] The response of the 2nd Plaintiff was that
the precise positioning of the ports were not the same, and the size of the
dots were different.[note: 66]

168 It may well be that the precise number and positioning of ports, power
cables, and safety marks, _etc_ , will differ between models and brands.
However, in my view, this is not a significant distinguishing factor in the
eyes of consumers; the number or positioning of ports and cables is unlikely
to be something a consumer remembers a DVD player by. If so, this makes it
less likely that the changes and additions made by the 2nd Plaintiff will be
taken by consumers to be an indicator of trade origin. Adding ports on the
back panel or changing the position of a button may improve functionality or
appearance. However, it does not follow that the functional or aesthetic
changes have become exclusively associated with the plaintiffs in the mind of
the public.

169 The fact that the 2nd Plaintiff expended time and effort and was proud of
his contribution to the customisation of the SINGSUNG DVD players does not go
anywhere near establishing goodwill in these features. I do not accept that
the differences in the precise positioning, location, number of ports, _etc_ ,
is something that will be taken by the public as a badge of trade origin. In
any case, the plaintiffs’ pleaded case does not include a claim that the
various features of the DVD player itself (as opposed to its box packaging)
bear goodwill.

170 Based on this evidence, I am unable to conclude that a member of the
Cameroonian public would treat the White Get-Up or the Blue Get-Up as
exclusively associated with the 1st Plaintiff. Neither the substantial sales
achieved by the 1st Plaintiff, especially to overseas trade buyers, nor the
fact that the 1st Plaintiff expended effort in choosing the White Get-Up and
Blue Get-Up, means that these features have come to be associated exclusively
with the 1st Plaintiff as an indicator of trade origin. In coming to this
conclusion, I stress again that there is almost no evidence (aside from the
assertions of the 2nd Plaintiff and GEN) that customers in Cameroon (or indeed
in Singapore or anywhere else) associate the White Get-Up and Blue Get-Up
exclusively with the 1st Plaintiff. Whether customers like the look and feel
of the product is not the concern of passing off.

(2) Warranty cards

171 The plaintiffs also complained that the defendants had copied the wording
of the 1st Plaintiff’s warranty card. This warranty card was found on a number
of the 1st Plaintiff’s and 1st Defendant’s products, including the DVD players
and the blenders. The evidence was that the 1st Plaintiff and 1st Defendant
provided warranty cards largely to buttress the impression in the minds of the
consumers that the products were made or sourced from Singapore. It is clear
that the end-buyers in Cameroon had no recourse to the 1st Plaintiff or 1st
Defendant should they discover that the products were defective. Neither
provided repair services in Cameroon. Indeed, I note that the strategy of both
parties was to create the appearance that the products were made in Singapore
and that they were of the standard and quality associated with Singapore-
originated goods. This appears to be the reason why the products were marked
as being made in Singapore, and why the Singapore “SAFETY MARK” was also
applied.

172 I should state upfront, that the plaintiffs have not asserted goodwill in
the warranty cards as such; rather, it claims that the warranty cards
constitute evidence of an intention on the part of the defendants to pass off
the 1st Defendant’s products or business as connected with the 1st Plaintiff.
Nevertheless, for completeness, I will also consider whether the warranty card
could possibly be related to the goodwill.

173 The provision of a warranty card can hardly be regarded as unusual or
exceptional. The 2nd Plaintiff accepts this—at trial, he conceded that all
electrical products are normally sold with a warranty card.[note: 67] Even if
the defendants’ products came with an identically worded warranty card, the
plaintiffs must demonstrate that members of the public would see the warranty
card as exclusively associated with the plaintiffs. Once again, there was no
evidence of this. The fact that a warranty card is important does not mean
that it is part of or relevant to the goodwill which is the concern of passing
off. Much will depend on what the warranty card states.

174 The position may well be different if 1st Defendant had applied the 1st
Plaintiff’s brand (“SINGSUNG”) on its warranty card. If they did, the
complaint, properly framed, would be that the 1st Defendant had used the 1st
Plaintiff’s brand (“SINGSUNG”) to market and sell its products.

175 To be clear, there is some evidence that the sample warranty cards
provided to the Chinese manufacturers by the 2nd Defendant belonged to the 1st
Plaintiff. In cross-examination, the 2nd Defendant was asked to compare the
warranty cards for the “SINGSUNG” and “LS” DVD players.[note: 68] The warranty
cards in evidence contained identical wording. While the 1st Defendant’s
warranty card did set out the names “LS Electrical Trading” and “LS Dealer”,
it also included the statement that defective products would be repaired by
the “SINGSUNG” dealer.

176 The 2nd Defendant’s explanation for this is that the warranty card was
provided by the factory. The 2nd Defendant, upon seeing the 1st Plaintiff’s
warranty card, accepted it for use on his own products and instructed the
factory to replace the “SINGSUNG” name with the “LS” name on the card.[note:
69] The mention of “SINGSUNG” in the warranty card was not intended by the
defendants, and is there only because of a mistake made by the factory. At
this juncture, I must mention that I have doubts about the credibility of this
evidence. In cross-examination, the 2nd Defendant accepted that the Chinese
ODM which purportedly offered him the “SINGSUNG” warranty cards is New Sun
Factory. However, as learned counsel for the plaintiffs point out, the
plaintiffs did not manufacture any of their goods at New Sun Factory. The 2nd
Defendant did not deny this.[note: 70] If so, it is difficult to see how the
story that the factory was the one who provided the 1st Plaintiff’s warranty
card as a sample can be true.

177 In the case of warranty cards attached to the mixers and blenders, DL’s
evidence was that while the defendants provided a sample warranty card to the
Chinese manufacturer, the Chinese manufacturer was also instructed to remove
the “SINGSUNG” name and to replace it with the “LS” name.[note: 71] It is not
clear, however, whether this instruction was carried out. I see no reason to
doubt this evidence.

178 I now make several points in respect of the warranty cards.

179 First, whilst the plaintiffs claimed to have drafted the wording of the
warranty card for the DVD players, the evidence on this is thin. The 2nd
Plaintiff’s wife, who allegedly penned the words on the warranty card with
some help, did not give evidence. There was also no evidence from the Chinese
ODMs on the origins of the warranty card.

180 Second, even accepting that the plaintiffs (or rather, the 2nd Plaintiff’s
wife) did draft the warranty cards, the plaintiffs are not asserting any
copyright in the warranty card. Instead, the plaintiffs’ claim is that the
defendants intentionally copied the plaintiffs’ warranty cards in order to
draw a connection between the 1st Plaintiff and 1st Defendant in the mind of
end user buyers.

181 Given the number and variety of copyright claims made in this action, it
is perhaps a little surprising that no assertion was made to literary work
copyright over the warranty card. After all, the 2nd Plaintiff’s evidence is
that his wife (with the assistance of an unnamed third person) was the author
of the wording on the warranty card. Of course, none of my remarks should be
taken to be deciding whether a claim to copyright in the warranty cards would
succeed. The issue is not before me. It is the plaintiffs’ prerogative to
decide on the rights it wishes to assert in litigation. Given that it does not
assert copyright in the warranty cards, I make no further comment on the
warranty card in respect of copyright.

182 Third, I do not think that a warranty card _per se_ (without the brand) in
this case is an indicator of trade origin. I note in any case that this was
not pleaded by the plaintiffs.

183 Finally, whilst there is evidence that the defendants provided the 1st
Plaintiff’s warranty card as a sample to the Chinese manufacturers, or were
aware that the manufacturers were going to use the 1st Plaintiff’s warranty
card as a template, I am satisfied (on balance) that the defendants did
instruct the manufacturers to remove the “SINGSUNG” name and replace it with
references to “LS”. Any trace of “SINGSUNG” on the 1st Defendant’s warranty
cards was probably a result of a mistake. The defendants wanted to compete in
the same market with the same or similar range of products under their own
brand name (no doubt, taking advantage of the plaintiffs’ efforts to develop
the Cameroon market). I am not satisfied that the defendants intended to pass
off their products as that of the 1st Plaintiff’s. In my view, the evidence
suggests that the defendants intended to compete hard in their own name. The
warranty cards are therefore not evidence of an intention to pass off the 1st
Defendant’s goods as the 1st Plaintiff’s.

184 For completeness, I note that the plaintiffs have not pleaded or relied on
goodwill in the “SINGSUNG” name as such. Therefore, any claim that passing off
arises because of the mistaken mention of “SINGSUNG” in the defendants’
warranty cards is not properly before me in this case.

(3) Television Sets

185 I turn now to the passing off claim in relation to the television sets.
Before moving on, I clarify that the plaintiffs are not asserting that
goodwill resides in the _packaging_ of the television sets. Instead, the
plaintiffs’ main claim is that the sticker on the television set as well as
the phrase “Rotary Rotatory” (which is found in the sticker and the front
housing of the television set) is what helps generate the goodwill.

186 The 1st Plaintiff’s and the 1st Defendant’s television sets are both from
the Jinpin Factory in China[note: 72]. The 2nd Plaintiff selected particular
television models (all using cathode ray tube technology) from the range
offered by the ODM in China. The television models chosen all had screens that
were able to swivel 90 degrees on the base plate.

187 In this regard, I make clear that the plaintiffs do not have any rights
over the idea, concept, or technology behind the rotation feature. Even if
they were the first to bring such a television set to Singapore, and the first
to market such a television set in Cameroon, they do not thereby acquire an
exclusive right to sell the product, just as the plaintiff in _Cadbury-
Schweppes_ did not have exclusive rights to a lemon squash drink marketed to
the theme of heroic masculinity.

188 Of course, to be fair to the plaintiffs, they have never claimed monopoly
rights over television sets with the ability to rotate 90 degrees on their
base. Rather, they assert goodwill over the sticker (as described above) and
the phrase “Rotary Rotatory” which they say they coined.

189 The sticker placed on the screen of the 1st Plaintiff’s television set is
the crux of the plaintiffs’ passing off claim in relation to the television
sets. The sticker bears the phrase “Rotary Rotatory”, as well as three symbols
depicting gears, cathode ray tubes, and the side profile of the TV. Together
with the symbols, certain information is set out on the sticker: “90 degrees
Rotatable”; “100% Brand New Picture Tube with 3 years warranty”; “Terms and
Conditions apply”; and “Ultra slim”. The “SINGSUNG” brand appears in yellow
lettering at the bottom of the sticker, together with the word “Singapore”.

190 The plaintiffs assert that the sticker was conceived and designed by SEC.
They also claim that the stickers are important in promoting sales to end user
buyers.[note: 73] This is because the television sets would usually be
displayed (without packaging) in shops; as such, the stickers are important in
persuading end user customers in Cameroon to purchase the product.

191 However, the key question is whether the sticker or the phrase “Rotary
Rotatory” is, as the plaintiffs assert, an indicator that the television
originated from the 1st Plaintiff. In my view, even leaving aside the dispute
as to whether the sticker was in fact designed by SEC (or by the Chinese
manufacturers), there is little to no independent evidence that consumers
refer to the sticker or the phrase “Rotary Rotatory” as an indicator of a
particular trade origin.

192 I have no doubt that the sticker conveys some useful information. That
said, while there is no direct evidence on this, I am prepared to take
judicial notice of the fact that the placement of informational stickers on
the screens of television sets that are on display in retail shops is
commonplace (at least in Singapore). Also, the information provided on the 1st
Plaintiff’s television sticker is quite ordinary. The only unusual aspect of
the sticker is the phrase “Rotary Rotatory” which, together with the gear
symbols and the words “90 degrees Rotatable”, informs potential customers that
the television set can swivel on the base. These phrases and images are
descriptive; they describe graphically, and by words, a key attribute of the
television set.

193 In this regard, I accept that goodwill can arise in commonplace features
or descriptive phrases and images. Slogans have been protected before under
the tort of passing off. However, as mentioned earlier, if the plaintiffs are
to establish that commonplace or descriptive features have acquired a trade
mark meaning, there must be evidence that members of the public have come to
associate the phrase or feature exclusively with the plaintiffs, as an
indicator of trade origin. In the present case, I am unable to conclude that
there is sufficient evidence to establish goodwill in the sticker or the
phrase “Rotary Rotatory”. The fact that the 1st Plaintiff had sold substantial
television sets does not mean that the phrase (being essentially descriptive)
must be treated as associated exclusively with the 1st Plaintiff.

194 No retail customer gave evidence that he/she treated the sticker and the
phrase “Rotary Rotatory” as an indicator of trade origin, or that the sticker
and the phrase had become associated exclusively with the 1st Plaintiff. No
evidence was provided to show that the sticker and phrase had been promoted in
a trade mark sense (that is as a badge of recognition) to customers, and that
such advertising had succeeded. Whilst there is evidence that the plaintiffs
did spend on advertising their product range, there is little to suggest that
the stickers and phrase were underscored as being an indicator of trade
origin. No doubt, the sticker did include the “SINGSUNG” brand name. But if
that is what renders the sticker an indicator of trade origin, the defendants
rightly point out that they used an entirely different brand name on their
sticker (_ie_ , “LS”). I should add that in passing off cases, even if it may
not be necessary to produce evidence of actual confusion, such evidence can be
helpful in cases where the claim to goodwill is marginal and heavily disputed.

195 Thus, whilst subject to the discussion below on origination, I am prepared
to accept that the plaintiffs expended time and effort in conceiving the
“Rotary Rotatory” phrase and the particular design of the sticker, I am unable
to conclude that plaintiffs have established goodwill in the sticker or in the
phrase “Rotary Rotatory”. In my assessment, most customers are likely to
regard the sticker as providing useful information, and nothing more. This is
fatal to the plaintiffs’ passing off claim in respect of the television sets.

(4) Rice cookers

196 I turn next to the passing off claim in respect of the rice cookers. The
body of the 1st Plaintiff’s rice cooker in question is white. On one side,
there is a floral pattern design in black and pink. Its operating panel is on
the front face of the rice cooker, and the brand “SINGSUNG” appears on the
operating panel.

197 In this case, the plaintiffs assert that goodwill subsists in the floral
pattern. It is undoubtedly the case that the pattern is part of the design of
the product; but it will be recalled that passing off does not protect product
design _per se_. Under cross-examination, the 2nd Plaintiff accepted that the
floral pattern was selected by him out of many patterns that were available in
the catalogue of the Chinese ODM.[note: 74] The 2nd Plaintiff also accepted
that the Chinese factory supplied rice cookers to buyers from all over the
world.[note: 75] It thus seems that the 1st Plaintiff is not the exclusive
seller of rice cookers with such a floral design. This substantially reduces
the plausibility of the claim that the floral design is associated exclusively
with the 1st Plaintiff.

198 Moreover, the plaintiffs have not been able to provide any positive
evidence to establish that its end users regarded the floral pattern as
exclusively associated with the 1st Plaintiff. Without such evidence, the
plaintiffs’ claim that the floral design is a generator of goodwill, and hence
its claim for passing off in respect of the rice cookers, must fail.

(5) Electric kettles

199 The plaintiffs assert goodwill in the get-up of five different electrical
kettle models. This get-up is described at [53] above as the Domed-Get-up, the
Pitcher Plant Get-Up, the White Curved Kettle Get-Up, the Penguin Kettle Get-
Up and the Metallic Get-Up. The plaintiffs’ brand name appears on the body of
the kettles.

200 All of the designs were designed and purchased from an ODM in China. Once
again, the 2nd Plaintiff accepts that the manufacturer sold its products to
any buyer.[note: 76]

201 No claim was made to goodwill in the packaging of the product. Indeed,
under cross-examination, the reason for this became clear. Whilst the
defendants had selected and sold the same range of kettles, the packaging it
used was entirely different.[note: 77] Moreover, I note in passing that the
1st Defendant’s “LS” brand was appended on each of its kettles. Of course,
this is not of concern to me at this juncture because the issue I am dealing
with now simply is whether the plaintiffs have established goodwill in the
design of the kettles.

202 Whilst the plaintiffs have asserted goodwill over the design of five
different kettle models, it will be sufficient for me to explain my decision
with reference to just one model. The reasoning I adopt in respect of all five
kettle models is substantially the same. I therefore now only describe one
kettle model in more detail.

203 The Penguin Kettle Get-Up comprises a white plastic body with a white
plastic curved handle, and a blue on-off button near the top of the handle.
The base of the kettle is broader than the top. The spout (according to the
plaintiffs) has a beak like appearance. At the lower front centre, there is a
large purplish-blue translucent window shaped in the form of a large step-
pyramid. The window carries markings for the water level. The docking station
is round and white in colour. The capacity is 1.7 litres. The brand “SINGSUNG”
is clearly visible near the bottom of the kettle (just above where the base
sits into the docking station).

204 Once again, the tenor of the 2nd Plaintiff’s evidence is that he spent
time selecting the kettle designs (from those available at the Chinese
manufacturers). He chose models which he considered to be nice or saleable. I
repeat again that I do not doubt that the 2nd Plaintiff exercised great care
in selecting the kettle models. I can therefore understand why he now
complains that the defendants chose similar or almost identical kettle models
for their own business.

205 It may well be (but I make no decision on this) that some aspects of the
kettle designs may be protectable in Singapore by means of design
registration. However, any such rights are unlikely to belong to the
plaintiffs in any case because they are clearly not the designer. And, in any
case, that is not relevant to the case before me, and the question I must
decide is whether the said get-ups are indicators of trade origin that have
become exclusively associated with the 1st Plaintiff.

206 I have noted the 2nd Plaintiff’s assertion that the designs of the kettles
are distinctive because the plaintiffs have spent money advertising them in
Africa.[note: 78] But this begs the question, distinctive in what sense? Even
if the public recognises the product, and has even come to like or recognise
the specific designs, it does not follow that the design is recognised as an
_indicator of a particular trade origin_. Proof of this is required for a
passing off claim to succeed. As discussed earlier in this judgment, if the
law on passing off did not require proof of such, the consequences would be
startling; the tort of passing off would become a convenient, unrestricted
avenue for unregistered design protection.

207 It is stressed that if advertising is the basis for the claim to goodwill,
it is necessary to demonstrate that the public has been taught, through the
advertising, to recognise the advertised get-up or design elements as
indicators of trade origin. For example, in _Reckitt_ , the evidence
established that the relevant public regarded natural lemon juice marketed in
lemon-shaped containers as an indication the product was made by a particular
source. Far more had to be proved above and beyond the fact that the design
was recognised and regarded as a likeable design.

208 As such, on the evidence before me, I am not able to conclude that
goodwill has been established over the Penguin Kettle Get-Up, or indeed, any
of the claimed kettle get-ups.

(6) Electric blenders

209 In respect of the electric blenders, the plaintiffs assert goodwill in the
shape and design of three different electric blenders, each with its own get-
up. The get-ups are described at [53] of this judgment as the White and Grey
Get-Up, the Black and White Get-Up, and the Black Stainless Steel Get-Up. No
claim was made to goodwill in the packaging of the blenders. Again, this is
understandable given that the cartons and packaging the 1st Defendant used for
its blenders were different.

210 The evidence establishes again that like the other products sold by the
1st Plaintiff, a Chinese ODM manufactured the blenders. The models offered by
the Chinese ODM are depicted in a catalogue.

211 The 2nd Plaintiff asserts that he requested that the colour of the control
panel to be changed to grey, and that the dials be coloured black. He also
denies that these changes were merely part of the standard colour variants
offered by the factory.[note: 79]

212 Even if I were to accept that all of the 2nd Plaintiff’s assertions are
true, I am still of the view that the colours chosen by the 2nd Plaintiff are
unremarkable, especially in the trade mark (passing off) sense. The complaint
was that the 2nd Defendant had selected the same blender models and designs,
and that this would lead customers to assume that the plaintiffs and
defendants were essentially “two brands under one roof”.

213 However, short of proof that in the eyes of the end users or consumers,
the White and Grey Get-Up, the Black and White Get-Up, and the Black Stainless
Steel Get-Up have become associated exclusively with the 1st Plaintiff, and
are treated as indicators of trade origin, the plaintiffs’ claim for passing
off cannot succeed. In this case, such evidence is lacking. While I sympathise
with the plaintiffs’ complaint that the defendants are selling the exact same
range of products as the plaintiffs, and in fact may very well be deliberately
choosing or selecting the same or similar models of products chosen by the
plaintiffs, the plaintiffs simply have no remedy for this in the law of
passing off.

(7) Electric floor fans

214 The plaintiffs’ passing off claim for electric floor fans was made in
respect of the fan model, CRSF-18A. The main design feature said to be a
repository of goodwill is the round plastic base of the fan, made in the shape
of a car steering wheel. No claim was made to goodwill in any aspect of the
fan’s packaging.

215 I do not think that it is necessary for me to embark on a detailed
discussion of the electric floor fans. It suffices for me to state that as
with the previous products I discussed, the passing off claim in relation to
the electric floor fans must fail because the plaintiffs have not proven that
the design of the fan is associated exclusively with the 1st Plaintiff, or
that it is perceived by consumers to be an indicator of trade origin.

(8) Gas stoves

216 The plaintiffs refer to the design of gas stove GS-88, comprising an
embossed horse-shoe shaped device bearing the “SINGSUNG” brand, as well as
gold coloured burners rimmed by circular chrome support pots. Like the other
of the 1st Plaintiff’s products, the gas stove was sourced from a manufacturer
in China.

217 Under cross-examination, the 2nd Plaintiff was shown a catalogue from the
Chinese factory setting out several gas stove models with similar horse-shoe
shaped devices on which a brand could be marked or embossed.[note: 80] The
difference is that unlike the 1st Plaintiff’s chosen model, the horse-shoe
shaped device depicted on the models in the catalogue was inverted. Whilst I
accept once again that the 2nd Plaintiff put in time and effort in selecting
the model GS-88, I am unable to conclude that the plaintiffs enjoyed goodwill
in the claimed get-up simply because there is no evidence that customers
viewed the get-up as an indicator of trade origin.

(9) Conclusion on goodwill in Cameroon

218 In light of the above discussion, I find that the SINGSUNG Get-Up does not
assist in generating goodwill in Cameroon. It follows that the claim to
passing off based on instruments of deception must fail for there is no
goodwill in the claimed indices of origin to which the deception can relate.

219 To be clear, the finding that there is no goodwill in the SINGSUNG Get-Up
in Cameroon is a finding of fact for the purpose of determining passing off in
Singapore under Singapore law. It is not a finding of law under the laws of
Cameroon. The key finding of fact is that there is insufficient evidence that
customers in Cameroon treat the SINGSUNG Get-Up as distinctive of the
plaintiffs. Indeed, my earlier finding bears repeating: the get-up is not even
associated exclusively with the 1st Plaintiff in the minds of the public in
Singapore.

Misrepresentation in Cameroon

220 Given my finding that there is no goodwill in the SINGSUNG Get-Up in
Cameroon, it is not strictly necessary for me to consider if there is
misrepresentation or a likelihood of confusion in Cameroon. Nevertheless, it
is appropriate to deal with one of the submissions made by the plaintiffs in
support of their position that there was indeed misrepresentation to, and
confusion among, the consumers in Cameroon.

221 The plaintiffs submit that consumers in Cameroon are not literate in
English and thus do not rely on the brand names “SINGSUNG” and “LS”. This
means that the different brand names appended prominently on the 1st
Plaintiff’s and 1st Defendant’s products/packaging do not reduce the
likelihood of confusion.

222 The plaintiffs relied on _Johnson & Johnson v Uni-Charm Kabushiki Kaisha
(Uni-Charm Corp_) [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1082 at [9] for the proposition that as a
general rule, it is assumed that non-English speaking audiences would pay
little attention to verbal or textual, as opposed to visual, similarity. The
court made this comment in the context of trade mark registration opposition
proceedings.

223 In this judgment, I do not have to decide whether a general rule to that
effect in registered trade mark law is also part of the law of passing off in
Singapore. However, even if it is, I am of the view that the assumption made
by the rule cannot possibly be applicable in _every_ case. Whether it does
apply must depend on the facts and circumstances of each case, including the
nature of the verbal and textual indicia as compared to the asserted visual
indicia of origin. In this regard, there is a big difference between simple
textual brand names such as “SONY”, “SAMSUNG”, “ROLEX” or indeed, “SINGSUNG”,
and lengthier textual indicia such as a slogan. In this day and age of
consumerism, the flat world, and international trade and marketing, it cannot
be assumed that non-English speaking members of society in Singapore (or
elsewhere) place no or little significance on simple textual brand names.

224 The plaintiffs also relied on the English decision of Lightman J in _Modus
Vivendi_. This case, it will be recalled, concerned a passing off action
relating to the plaintiff’s cans of cigarette lighter refill fuel. The
plaintiff’s cans were marketed in a particular get-up, and were exported from
Scotland to China. Significant features of the plaintiff’s get-up included:
(a) the bright yellow background; (b) the red cap; (c) the red swirling flame;
(d) black and red writing on the can; (e) a rectangle with writing below the
flame; and (f) the name “RONSON” written in yellow against the middle of the
flame. The defendant used a similar get-up on its cans, but used its own trade
mark. The defendant’s trade mark was wholly different from the plaintiff’s
trade mark.

225 A significant reason that the plaintiff’s claim succeeded is that the
public in China relied upon the get-up on the cans, rather than the trade mark
written in western script, bearing in mind that the majority of the Chinese
population could not read English. This is not surprising given that Chinese
script, being based on characters, is entirely different from language based
on the alphabet. That said, the court’s finding of actionable
misrepresentation did come on the back of its holding that by 1989, the
plaintiff had already developed _substantial goodwill in the get-up of the
cans in China_. Its sales in China were substantial, and there was already
fairly heavy advertising of the product and in particular, its get-up.

226 It is clear that the _Modus Vivendi_ decision was reached on its own
facts. The decision was not based solely on the finding that Chinese consumers
do not (or cannot) rely on the brand names on the cans. It was crucial that
the get-up which was copied was heavily advertised and was found to generate
goodwill. Therefore, while the decision is good authority for the proposition
that get-up _can_ be a generator of goodwill, it is not authority for the
proposition that get-up _is always_ a generator of goodwill when consumers
cannot read the English brand name or trade mark.

227 I note that in _Modus Vivendi_ the English High Court after stating the
proposition of law that the plaintiff must establish a goodwill/reputation
attached to the goods in the mind of the relevant purchasing public by
association with the identifying get-up such that the get-up is recognised by
the relevant sector of the public as distinctive of the plaintiff, focused its
discussion on goodwill in China (not UK). The court found that substantial
goodwill subsisted in the get-up in China. An actionable misrepresentation was
found because the defendant had adopted a similar get-up with the result that
the consumer in China would assume they were Ronson products. It is to be
noted that the court did not expressly decide whether the goodwill in UK also
extended to the get-up (although it did recognise that the Ronson brand
enjoyed goodwill for butane gas cans in UK). Nevertheless, even if _Modus
Vivendi_ is correct in concentrating on the market in China (as to which see
above at [143]–[144]) the case does not assist the Plaintiffs on the facts
before me.

228 In the present case, I am not satisfied that members of the public had
been taught (through advertising or otherwise) to recognise any part of the
SINGSUNG Get-Up as indicia of origin. Indeed, it bears repeating that the
defendants’ trade buyer from Cameroon stated that Cameroonian consumers
recognised famous brands such as “SAMSUNG”.

229 I note also the plaintiffs’ submission that there are decisions from South
Africa, Uganda and Kenya that have noted the problem of illiteracy. However,
be that as it may, the fact remains that there is no evidence before me (aside
from the assertion of GEN) on the scale and depth of English illiteracy in
Cameroon. The fact that the population may not be fluent in English does not
mean they cannot or do not take cognisance of simple textual brand names. Far
more evidence of the market in Cameroon, the customers, and their perception
of the products is needed for a court to reach that conclusion.

230 Finally, I note also that the two traders from Cameroon who gave evidence
(GEN and TSA) testified in French. These two traders have some basic
understanding of English. Whilst there is no evidence before me whether the
average consumer in Cameroon is familiar with Swahili and French, I take
judicial notice of the fact that the French alphabet is largely the same as
the English alphabet. The only point that I make is that if the plaintiffs are
to make good the assertion that the average customer in Cameroon is unable to
or will find it difficult to identify products by reference to English brand
names, clearer evidence is necessary.

231 In stating this, I accept that it is not necessary to prove _actual
confusion_ in the market place to succeed in a passing off action.
Nevertheless, there must be sufficient evidence or a sufficient basis for the
court to come to the conclusion that the misrepresentation (assuming this is
established) is _likely_ to cause confusion. Ordinarily, this means confusion
in the sense that the goods being supplied by the defendant are thought to
originate from the plaintiff. However, passing off can also arise where
members of the public are deceived (or likely to be deceived) into thinking
that there is a _trade or commercial connection_ between the defendant’s goods
and the plaintiff’s goods. Whilst the precise limits of the latter form of
passing off has yet to be fully developed by the courts in Singapore, the
general principle has been accepted. Even so, on the evidence, I am not
satisfied that there is a sufficient likelihood that the customers will draw
such a connection. I thus make no further comments on the legal principles
applicable to passing off and trade association or connection.

Other ways of proving goodwill

232 My finding that the SINGSUNG Get-Up does not enjoy or generate goodwill in
Singapore and in Cameroon is based largely on the lack of evidence that the
relevant public views the said get-up as an indicator of the 1st Plaintiff’s
trade origin. I find it necessary to deal with two other submissions made by
the plaintiffs in support of their claim to goodwill. These arguments were not
based on there being direct evidence showing that the SINGSUNG Get-Up was
viewed as an indicator of trade origin. Instead, the plaintiffs argued that:

(a) evidence of deliberate copying and an intention to deceive proves goodwill
in that which is copied; and

(b) the use of the plaintiffs’ marketing materials proves goodwill in that
which is replicated in the marketing materials.

Relevance of the intention to deceive in determining goodwill

233 While I have found that the _evidence_ does not bear out the proposition
that the SINGSUNG Get-Up bears goodwill in either Singapore or Cameroon, the
plaintiffs have nevertheless suggested in their submissions that the
inadequate evidence of goodwill may not be fatal _if_ they can prove that the
defendants deliberately copied the SINGSUNG Get-Up, and intended to deceive
consumers by so copying.

(1) Was there an intention to deceive?

234 The threshold question is obviously a factual one—was there even
deliberately copying and/or an intention to deceive on the part of the
defendants?

235 “Copying” that takes the form of a decision to compete in exactly the same
market with the same goods is not, on its own, evidence of an intention to
pass off or deceive. The latter involves an intention to represent to
consumers that one’s goods are associated with, or come from, another trader.
Two shops selling “SAMSUNG” television sets may well display and sell
identical models. This does not mean that the second shop intends to pass off
its business as that of the first shop’s or vice versa.

236 In the present case, what has been shown is that the defendants decided to
enter the same market and to acquire the same range of products for sale. Both
the plaintiffs and the defendants purchased their products from ODMs in China,
and sold and marketed the products under their respective brands. There is
evidence that the 2nd Plaintiff put in effort to choose and customise some of
the products he purchased from the Chinese manufacturers, and that the
defendants followed suit and purchased the same customised products.

237 The 2nd Defendant denies that his intention was to deceive or pass off his
goods or business as being connected with the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs
submit that this must be false given evidence that the defendants chose and
ordered products that were similar or identical to those of the plaintiffs in
terms of features, colour, and general appearance.

238 Having considered the evidence, I find that the defendants did not intend
to deceive customers or pass off their goods as being those of the plaintiffs,
notwithstanding the conscious decision to choose the same range of products
and models. The evidence suggests that the defendants have never represented
to potential customers that they are the manufacturer or distributor of the
plaintiffs’ goods, or are otherwise associated with the plaintiffs. The
evidence also suggests that this is a case where the defendants intended to
compete directly against the plaintiffs in the same market and with the same
range of products. Even if they had deliberately chosen similar products or
packaging, the fact remains that the 1st Defendant’s packaging (unlike the
defendant’s packaging in _Telmak Teleproducts (Australia) Pty Ltd v Coles Myer
Limited_ [1989] FCA 272 (“ _Telmak_ ”) (see below at [243]–[254])) always
prominently displayed its own “LS” brand.

239 With this finding, it is unnecessary for me to further explore the law on
whether evidence of a defendant’s intention to deceive may lead or contribute
to a finding of goodwill in the plaintiff’s claimed get-up. Nevertheless, in
case I am wrong on my factual conclusion that there is no intention to
deceive, I shall proceed to consider if an intention to deceive is relevant in
showing that the get-up generates goodwill.

(2) Law on an intention to deceive in relation to goodwill

240 The legal question before me is this: if a plaintiff fails to adduce
direct evidence that goodwill subsists in its claimed get-up or mark, can
evidence that a defendant copied the said get-up or mark with the intention to
deceive consumers into believing that its products are in some way associated
with the plaintiff, lead or contribute to a finding of goodwill? In other
words, is proving an intention to deceive on the part of the defendant another
way of proving goodwill where direct evidence of goodwill has proven lacking?

241 This question arises from the plaintiffs’ submissions. There was some
suggestion from the plaintiffs’ submissions that deliberate copying and an
intention to deceive on the part of the defendants is evidence that that which
is deliberately copied (_ie_ , the SINGSUNG Get-Up) has goodwill. I note this
point was made in their closing submissions under the heading of both
“Goodwill”[note: 81] and “Misrepresentation”[note: 82].

242 The key authorities relied on are the Federal Court of Australia’s
decision in _Telmak_ , as well as a passage in _Wadlow on Passing Off_ at para
8-003. Given the plaintiffs’ substantial reliance on _Telmak_ , I shall now
set out and discuss the decision in some detail.

243 In _Telmak_ , the plaintiff marketed a type of frying pan described as a
“dry-fry” pan. The frying pan was designed in a manner to minimise the amount
of oil required. The frying pan was sold in boxes which prominently set out
the words “dry-fry convection oven pan with lid” in a particular lettering.
The brand “Telmak” was also set out on the boxes. The plaintiff ran a
substantial advertising campaign to promote the product. Sometime after the
plaintiff started selling its “dry-fry” pans, the defendant also started to
sell dry-fry pans. The defendant’s pans were imported from Taiwan. The
parties’ pans were similar in size and shape, but the defendant’s pans were of
a different colour. The defendant’s pans were cheaper and marketed in boxes of
a similar size to that of the plaintiff’s. The same words that appeared on the
plaintiff’s boxes also appeared on the defendant’s boxes. No brand appeared on
the defendant’s box packaging at all.

244 The plaintiff’s passing off claim was based on the similarity in the
parties’ packaging. In particular, the plaintiff claimed that the words “dry-
fry convection oven pan with lid” had become distinctive of Telmak.

245 At first instance, Gummow J (as he then was) found that the words were not
distinctive. On appeal, the plaintiff submitted that goodwill resided not in
the words _per se_ , but in the size, the style, and the precise order in
which the words were set out on the packaging of a substantially similar
product. The plaintiff asserted that during the two years of marketing, this
aspect of the get-up had become distinctive of its product.

246 Crucially, the plaintiff in _Telmak_ had also suggested in its submissions
that the defendant had, on its own packaging, _deliberately copied_ the words
“dry-fry convection oven pan with lid”, as well as the particular way it
appeared on the plaintiff’s packaging. According to the plaintiff, evidence of
deliberately copying by a defendant strongly compelled the conclusion that the
get-up copied possessed goodwill. Its submission (as reproduced at [36] of the
dissenting judgment) was that when an experienced retailer knowingly marks a
product with a name and the get-up of a name which is exactly identical with
the name and get-up of the market leader, the only inference was that it was
doing so because it perceived some advantage, namely, that consumers would
associate its products with that of the market leader. As the majority
summarised (at [20] of the majority judgment), the plaintiff also submitted
that it was unnecessary for it “to show the existence of a distinctive
association” if it proves that the defendant intended to deceive members of
the public into believing that its pan was Telmak’s. Thus, according to the
plaintiff in _Telmak_ , by deliberately using a similar get-up, the defendant
was liable for passing off. If this argument is correct, the plaintiffs in the
present case may have a case for goodwill existing in the SINGSUNG Get-Up on
the basis that the defendants deliberately copied significant portions of the
said get-up.

247 The appeal was allowed on a split decision. I first explain the dissenting
judgment.

248 The dissenting judge accepted (at [12] of his dissenting judgment) that in
some cases, goodwill may be established in ordinary descriptive words and
phrases. However, he added that these cases are unlikely to be numerous. On
the facts, the dissenting judge was not persuaded that the words “got-up in
the way which has been described are sufficiently distinctive of the Telmak
product to warrant a finding that Telmak has goodwill or reputation in them
...” (see [15] of the dissenting judgment).

249 Most important, for our present purposes, are the comments made by the
dissenting judge on the legal implications of a factual finding that the
defendant deliberately copied the plaintiff’s get-up to deceive consumers. The
dissenting judge held (at [43] of the dissenting judgment) that the finding of
a deliberate intention to deceive was only relevant to the question “whether
the applicant for relief has established a misrepresentation”; it “will not
assist an applicant to establish goodwill or reputation”. The dissenting judge
went on to remark that “[i]f its evidence does not establish reputation, no
amount of dishonesty on the part of a respondent will take the applicant’s
case over the line”. In other words, the learned dissenting judge was of the
view that deliberate copying or an intention to deceive was _irrelevant_ to
establishing goodwill. Proving goodwill through direct evidence is a burden
the plaintiff (or applicant for relief) has to bear. Only after crossing this
hurdle will evidence that the defendant intended to deceive be relevant to
show that there was misrepresentation.

250 The majority, however, allowed the appeal. The majority accepted (at [21])
that there was no evidence that either members of the public or people in the
trade distinctively associated the words “dry-fry convection oven pan with
lid” with Telmak; it held that the defendant was entitled to use the said
descriptive words (at [30]).

251 The majority also accepted (at [22] of the majority judgment) the
principle that proof of deliberate copying does not necessarily establish a
case of passing off. Deliberate copying, the majority stated, whilst of
“powerful evidentiary value”, still requires an assessment of the whole of the
evidence as to whether the plaintiff has established a misrepresentation.
Nevertheless, the majority went on to find passing off on the basis of
goodwill in the _visual lay-out_ of the words on the packaging. The get-up,
according to the majority at [25], comprised the particular lay-out of the
words in a form created by or on behalf of the plaintiff, and applied to the
promotion of its product. Given the volume of sales of the product in that
packaging, and the “extensive advertising of those pans in those boxes”, it
was reasonable to treat that lay-out as part of the Telmak product’s goodwill.
It is not the words that are protected, but the use of the words in that
particular lay-out.

252 Having decided the issue of goodwill, the majority turned to the issue of
misrepresentation and likelihood of deception. It held that the question was
one of fact. The similarities in get-up relied on were: (a) the size and shape
of the boxes; (b) the words used by way of description; and (c) the size and
layout of the lettering conveying the description (see _Telmak_ at 68). The
first similarity was dismissed as being explainable by the defendant’s desire
to have an appropriately sized package for the efficient packaging of its
product. The second similarity was not relevant because the words were not
distinctive of the plaintiff. The third similarity, however, was relevant. The
majority had already found that there was goodwill in the specific lay-out of
the words and lettering.

253 The majority stated that the question of misrepresentation was, on the
facts, finely balanced. On the one hand, the court took into account the
similar sized package, the identical lettering, and the evidence of deliberate
copying; against that, was the presence of substantial dissimilarities in the
get-up as a whole, such as the pictures used and the remainder of the wording.
In such a finely balanced case, what tilted the case in favour of liability
for the majority was both the defendant’s deliberate choice to copy the
description and the lay-out of the description, but also the defendant’s
continued insistence that it had the right to continue to use the words in
that particular style of lettering. The majority’s disapproval of the
defendant’s conduct was evident. Indeed, I note that at the start of the
majority judgment, the observation was made that whatever the result, the
facts did not reflect well on the defendant’s conduct. The end result was that
the plaintiff was granted an injunction restraining the defendant from using
the words “dry-fry convection oven pan with lid” in lettering substantially
similar to the lettering for those words used by plaintiff on any of its
products or packaging.

254 Ultimately, _Telmak_ turned on a close analysis of the overall facts. The
majority accepted that, leaving aside the conduct of the defendant, the case
on misrepresentation was finely balanced. The first instance judge and the
dissenting judge on appeal found against the plaintiff on the basis that
whatever the conduct of the defendant, goodwill had not been established. The
majority on appeal disagreed. In finding goodwill in the specific lettering
and style of the words “dry-fry convection oven pan with lid” used by the
plaintiff, the majority relied on the volume of sales and extensive
advertising of the product in the packaging with the claimed get-up. For this
reason, the majority found that it was reasonable to treat that lay-out as
part of the Telmak product’s goodwill. The finding of goodwill was the plank
on which the majority then proceeded to consider the second element of passing
off: misrepresentation and the likelihood of deception.

255 A number of points arise from _Telmak_. Passing off is not founded on
confusion or deception alone. It stands on the bedrock of a property right
over goodwill and the badges of origin which have generated the goodwill. It
is only if goodwill is established that the question of misrepresentation and
likelihood of confusion arises.

256 On goodwill, _Telmak_ establishes that words which are _prima facie_
descriptive (and hence not distinctive) can, through exclusive use, promotion
and advertising, acquire a secondary meaning or exclusive association with the
plaintiff. This was so in _Reddaway_ , as mentioned earlier. Importantly,
_Telmak_ does not support any proposition that deliberate copying or an
intention to deceive, always contributes or assists in a _finding of
goodwill_. The minority judgment expressly denied this, while the majority was
equivocal on this point, and was only willing to state that deliberate copying
assists at the “misrepresentation” stage of the inquiry.

257 At this juncture, I point out that the distinction between the elements of
goodwill and misrepresentation in the tort of passing off must be kept in
view. Whilst an intention to pass off by copying the features in dispute is
relevant to assessing the likelihood of confusion, it will be rare that proof
of such an intention is sufficient on its own to establish goodwill. Indeed,
the distinction between deliberate copying and an intention to pass off must
also be borne in mind. Deliberately copying (in the sense of a decision to
compete in the same market or market segment with the same range of goods), as
in the present case, may take place for reasons that are unrelated to an
intention to pass off. The defendant may have deliberately decided to compete
in the same market as the plaintiff after the plaintiff developed the market
or showed that the market exists and is profitable. This however does not mean
that the defendant intended to pass off its products as being the plaintiff’s.
Specific evidence of the latter (beyond deliberate copying in the sense that
is referred to above) is necessary.

258 Indeed, I note that whatever view is taken of the _Telmak_ decision, it is
clear that the key finding of fact that led to goodwill in that case was the
extensive advertising of the product in the packaging bearing the get-up (lay-
out) in question. In the present case the evidence as to advertising is not
such as to enable me to draw any conclusion as to whether the get-up
(especially of the packaging) formed a significant component of the
advertisements.

Use of the plaintiffs’ marketing materials

259 The plaintiffs have also argued that the defendants’ reliance on the 1st
Plaintiff’s marketing materials demonstrates goodwill in the SINGSUNG Get-Up.
While this argument was not expressly made, for the sake of completeness, I
shall assume that the plaintiffs intended this to be another alternative way
of demonstrating goodwill (besides offering direct evidence that consumers
actually viewed the SINGSUNG Get-Up as an indicator of the 1st Plaintiff’s
trade origin). I shall now consider if this is so.

260 The key case cited by the plaintiffs in relation to this point is
_Momentum Creations Pte Ltd v Tan Eng Koon (trading as De Angeli)_ [2003] 1
SLR(R) 342 (“ _Momentum Creations_ ”). According to the plaintiffs, the case
stands for the proposition that a defendant who relies on the plaintiff’s
sales material in its own marketing demonstrates that the plaintiff enjoys
goodwill in the products or get-up contained in the sales material.

261 _Momentum Creations_ concerned furniture sold by the plaintiff under the
“OM” trade mark. Evidence was tendered showing that the defendant’s sales
representatives had made representations to customers that the defendant was
the distributor of “OM” products. The sales representatives had shown “OM”
advertisements and brochures to potential customers. Four items of furniture
sold by the defendant were similar to “OM” products. The defendant was
essentially representing that he was the maker or supplier of “OM” furniture
when selling the four items in question.

262 Passing off in this case succeeded because of the use of the “OM” mark in
promoting the defendant’s goods. I must clarify that this is not a case where
the court found that the _design of the four items_ enjoyed goodwill. Instead,
the goodwill that was interfered with was the goodwill which subsisted in the
“OM” trade mark. The defendant used the plaintiff’s advertisements and
brochures in order to ride on the goodwill in the “OM” trade mark. The passing
off was in substance a form of inverse passing off.

263 In the present case, whilst there is some evidence that the defendants had
based its brochure and warranty card on the 1st Plaintiff’s brochure and
warranty card, I am unable to conclude that the defendants had thereby
represented that they were dealers in the 1st Plaintiff’s products or were the
makers of the 1st Plaintiff’s products such as to ride on the goodwill in the
“SINGSUNG” name. The evidence as to how the catalogue was used and whether the
warranty card (with the erroneous “SINGSUNG” reference) was actually used or
corrected is thin. _Momentum Creation_ can easily be distinguished on the
ground that in the present case, the defendants did not represent itself to be
the 1st Plaintiff in its brochures. While the defendant in _Momentum
Creations_ used the plaintiff’s “OM” brochures, the defendants in this case
manufactured their own brochures with their own “LS” brand.

264 Moreover, while this is a technical point, I must mention that the
plaintiffs have not pleaded a claim to passing off based on the “SINGSUNG”
mark. There is no claim to goodwill in the “SINGSUNG” name before me. The
claim before me is based on goodwill in the SINGSUNG Get-Up only.

265 Thus, to conclude this section, I do not find that the slim evidence of
the defendants’ use of the 1st Plaintiff’s brochures or warranty card warrants
a finding that there is goodwill in the SINGSUNG Get-Up.

Summary of my findings on passing off

266 The claim for passing off is based on the alleged similarities in the get-
up, design and other features of the 1st Plaintiff’s and 1st Defendant’s
competing products. It is not based on the parties’ brand names.

267 In relation to the straightforward claim for passing off in Singapore, I
find first that Singapore consumers/customers do not view the SINGSUNG Get-Up
as an indicator of the 1st Plaintiff’s trade origin. In particular, the
following reasons were crucial to my finding:

(a) The existence of actual sales to Singapore consumers is thin, and at best,
small in volume.

(b) There was no evidence on how Singapore consumers viewed the SINGSUNG Get-
Up.

(c) The evidence suggests that the trade buyers were very aware that the 1st
Plaintiff and 1st Defendant ran separate businesses that sold similar
products. They are therefore unlikely to have treated the SINGSUNG Get-Up as
indicators of trade origin. Further, the plaintiffs adduced no evidence that
the trade buyers treated the SINGSUNG Get-Up as indicators of trade origin, or
that they were confused.

268 Moreover, I find that even if goodwill did exist in Singapore, the brand
names “SINGSUNG” and “LS” are likely to have negated any possibility of
confusion.

269 In relation to the passing off claim based on the instruments of deception
doctrine, I find that while the 1st Defendant clearly did put into circulation
the alleged instruments of deception, there was no passing off. My conclusion
is mainly based on the following findings:

(a) The 1st Defendant’s goods that were supplied in Singapore were not
instruments of deception in Singapore as there was no evidence that the public
in Singapore regarded the SINGSUNG Get-Up (as distinct from the actual brand
names) as a badge of origin distinctive of the 1st Plaintiff.

(b) The SINGSUNG Get-Up does not enjoy goodwill in Cameroon. My finding is
premised primarily on the fact that there was simply insufficient evidence
that the consumers in Cameroon viewed the SINGSUNG Get-Up as an indicator of
trade origin (exclusively associated with the 1st Plaintiff).

(c) Further, it is not unlikely that the brand names “SINGSUNG” and “LS” may
still serve to distinguish the plaintiffs’ and defendants’ goods. It is not a
general rule that brand names in the English lettering will not be relied upon
by consumers who are English illiterate. Much depends on the complexity of the
English word or phrase and the overall circumstances.

270 I also reject the plaintiffs’ submissions that goodwill exists by virtue
of the defendants’ alleged deliberate copying, deception, or use of the 1st
Plaintiff’s marketing materials. In my view, the lack of proper evidence of
goodwill is fatal to the plaintiffs’ claim for passing off.

Copyright infringement

271 As mentioned at [58] of this judgment, the plaintiffs’ copyright claim is
advanced based on the following works.

(a) The “White Get-Up” picture comprising a DVD player, guitar and a sitting
room. This is found on the packaging of DVD A.

(b) The “Blue Get-Up” picture comprising the picture of a DVD player. This is
found on the packaging of DVD B.

(c) The sticker pasted on the television sets.

(d) The “Rotary Rotatory” logo found on the sticker and the packaging of the
television sets.

(e) The floral pattern on the rice cookers.

(f) The start-up screen linked to the DVD players.

272 In the paragraphs that follow, I shall consider if the plaintiffs own
copyright in any of the above works, and if so, whether the defendants have
infringed the plaintiffs’ copyright.

The White Get-Up

273 The plaintiffs’ claim to own copyright in the White Get-Up rests on the
assertion that the 2nd Plaintiff designed the said get-up. I start by
discussing the facts relating to the 2nd Plaintiff’s role in the design of the
White Get-Up. I then discuss the law on the ownership of copyright, and
finally consider if the 2nd Plaintiff (or the plaintiffs together) can be said
to be owner(s) or exclusive licensees of the copyright in the White Get-Up.
Most of the relevant law will be discussed in detail under this section. The
principles distilled will then be applied to the other claimed original
artistic works.

Evidence on the White Get-Up

274 The 2nd Plaintiff testified that he designed the White Get-Up together
with “workers” from the Chinese ODM sometime in early 2007.[note: 83] The
witness clarified that what he did was to describe the general idea to a
designer from the Chinese ODM. In short, according to the 2nd Plaintiff, the
ideas behind the design belonged to him, but the actual picture in terms of
the expression of the artistic elements, was developed and reduced to material
form by the manufacturer’s designer on the 2nd Plaintiff’s instructions.[note:
84] I note that no witness from the Chinese manufacturer gave evidence on the
origination of the picture, but the defendants did not offer evidence to the
contrary.

275 What is not clear from the evidence of the 2nd Plaintiff, however, is the
extent to which he provided detailed feedback on the artistic elements of the
White Get-Up (such as perspective, details, arrangement and visual impact).
CYX, the 1st Plaintiff’s quality control manager, testified on behalf of the
plaintiffs. Her evidence was that during their visit to the Chinese
manufacturer, the 2nd Plaintiff informed the ODM’s designer that it was
important to have a design that was evocative of a consumer lifestyle and that
showcased the fact that DVD players were modern conveniences to be enjoyed in
the comfort of home. Following that request, the designer created a draft
sketch to which the 2nd Plaintiff requested minor amendments.[note: 85]

276 On the whole, I accept the 2nd Plaintiff’s evidence that he did come up
with the idea behind the White Get-Up, and had also provided feedback on the
images. I am also satisfied that the Chinese ODM’s designer was responsible
for executing the idea and producing the actual picture. I find no reason to
doubt CYX’s evidence on the extent of the 2nd Plaintiff’s involvement in the
design of the White Get-Up either.

Ownership of copyright in the White Get-Up

277 Section 30(2) of the Copyright Act (Cap 63, Rev Ed 2006) (“the CA”) states
that “the author of a literary, dramatic, musical or artistic work shall be
entitled to any copyright subsisting in the work”.

278 The CA does not set out a general definition of authorship. However, it is
clear that copyright is concerned with protecting original expression of
ideas, and not ideas themselves. A clever original idea does not attract
copyright on its own; what does attract copyright is the original _expression_
of the idea. This distinction between the idea and its expression is well-
established and much discussed in copyright law. Indeed, this distinction
permeates much of copyright law: from authorship, originality, the meaning of
expression and subsistence of copyright, all the way to infringement and
remedies.

279 One issue that frequently arises is whether a claim to authorship can be
made out based on contributions to the idea upon which the work is built. Take
for example the well-known decision _Kenrick & Co v Lawrence & Co._ [1890] 25
QB 99 (“ _Kenrick_ ”). In that case, X came up with the idea of having a “user
friendly” voting card; it consisted of using a simple line drawing of a hand
marking a cross within a box so as to help illiterate voters understand how
their vote was to be recorded. X could not draw and asked an employee to
execute the idea and produce the voting card coupon. X also gave directions
for some changes to be made to the position of the hand in the first draft.
The court eventually found that copyright did subsist in the drawings
(notwithstanding the simplicity of the work), but commented (in passing) that
X could not claim to be the sole author of the drawing. His contributions to
the artistic expression were limited to the suggestions he made. At most, X
might have enjoyed a claim to be a joint author with the employee.

280 Usually, where a court is faced with facts such as those in _Kenrick_ , it
does not matter whether X is the sole or joint author of the design, or if he
even is an author at all. This is because the drawing is executed by an
employee in the course of his employment, and hence, s 30(6) of the CA confers
the copyright ownership on the employer. The point remains, however, that just
because a person has conceived what he considers to be a clever and useful
idea does not mean he becomes the author of the artwork in which those ideas
are expressed. This is so even if he has made some suggestions and voiced some
criticism on drafts. Authorship depends on the _nature and extent of
contribution that person makes to the actual expression reduced to material
form_.

281 There are many cases in which courts have found that the person who
contributed to the idea behind the work was not the author of the eventual
work as expressed in material form, for example:

(a) In _Tate v Fullbrook_ [1908] 1 KB 821, P conceived of the general idea for
a comic play. The idea and the dramatic situations were communicated to a
script writer who then composed the dialogue in accordance with P’s ideas. The
Court of Appeal was unanimous in finding that P was not the author of the
work. In this regard, Vaughan Williams LJ stated at 826 that whilst it was
true that the plaintiff had suggested the general idea, that did not “make the
plaintiff the author of the sketch either alone or jointly with [the script
writer]”.

(b) In _Wiseman v George Weidenfeld & Nicolson Ltd and Donaldson_ [1985] FSR
525 and _Donoghue v Allied Newspapers Limited_ [1938] Ch 106, the English
courts found that the litigant in question did not become an author or even a
joint author of a work under copyright law despite his contribution to the
idea behind the work and his participation in discussions and offering
feedback.

282 On the other hand, one case in which a person succeeded in establishing a
claim to joint authorship is _Najma Heptulla v Orient Longman Limited_ [1989]
1 FSR 598 (“ _Heptulla_ ”). That was an interlocutory decision of the Indian
High Court in New Delhi. An individual was persuaded to write an
“autobiography” on the basis that a certain professor would undertake as much
of the writing as possible. It took two years to write the book. In those two
years, the individual would describe his experiences to the professor, who
would take down detailed notes. Draft chapters were prepared and discussed at
length with the individual. It was accepted (at least for interlocutory
purposes) that the individual concerned requested numerous amendments and
alterations. After the first draft of the book, the individual required some
30 pages of “a personal character” to be deleted. The individual was also
involved in vetting subsequent drafts. The court found that the individual and
the professor were joint authors and hence, joint owners of copyright in the
autobiography.

283 Indeed, I note that the concept of joint authorship (and hence ownership)
is well-established. In _Levy v Rutley_ (1870-71) LR 6 CP 523 (“ _Levy_ ”),
Byles J held (at 528) that if a work had been originally written by two
persons in prosecution of a pre-concerted joint design, both might be joint
authors of the whole work even though each was responsible for different parts
of the work. From this, it followed that if two persons with a common design
collaborated to produce a work, they could be regarded as joint authors. On
the assumed facts, the court found that there was evidence of a pre-concerted
joint design to write the book in question. Further, it appeared that the
other individual had read every word of the manuscript and had made
alterations, additions, omissions and corrections.

284 Joint authorship is also a concept that is firmly part of the copyright
law of Singapore: Susanna H S Leong, _Intellectual Property Law of Singapore_
(Academy Publishing, 2013) at para 06.045. Section 7(2) of the CA states that
a "work of joint authorship" refers to:

... [A] work that has been produced by the collaboration of 2 or more authors
and in which the contribution of each author is not separate from the
contribution of the other author or contributions of other authors ...

Whether a person’s contribution is sufficient to justify the conclusion of
joint authorship depends on the circumstances of each case. The task involves
an assessment of the quantity and especially the quality of the contribution
made by the said person. For the contribution to be relevant, it must be
“authorial” in nature and must relate to the _expressive_ elements of the
work. This could refer to the literal expressive elements of the work, or the
non-literal, structural, expressive elements such as contribution to the
details of the plot, characters, and situations in a novel.

285 The decision of Laddie J in _Fylde Microsystems Ltd v Key Radio Systems
Ltd_ [1998] FSR 449 (“ _Fylde Microsystems_ ”) is also instructive. The
plaintiff and defendant co-operated in designing software to be used in
radios. The plaintiff claimed that it wrote the program which was installed in
the defendant's radios for retail sale. It appears that the plaintiff and
defendant cooperated closely in designing the software. There was also
continual refinement and improvement of the software. The evidence was that
over a five year period, the plaintiff and defendant spent many hours
discussing the software and what it was to do. The plaintiff stated that this
was to be expected because the software was designed as “specialist bespoke
software to be supplied to a technically sophisticated customer”: _Fylde
Microsystems_ at 456. According to the plaintiff, it was almost inevitable
that such a customer would be intimately involved in monitoring the software
as it is developed and suggesting what its functions should be.

286 In Laddie J’s opinion, two matters in relation to authorship had to be
addressed (see _Fylde Microsystems_ at 456). First, it was necessary to
determine whether the putative author had contributed “the right kind of skill
and labour”. If he had, then it was necessary to decide whether his
contribution was big enough to justify a finding of joint authorship. Laddie J
noted that the latter issue in particular is a matter of fact and degree.

287 Laddie J described the skill and labour contributed by the defendant as
falling into five categories: (a) fixing and reporting faults and bugs; (b)
making a functional contribution by way of setting the specification for what
the software was to do; (c) making a contribution by suggesting what was
causing some of the common faults (but without contributing the software
solution); (d) providing the technical information on the characteristics of
the hardware into which the software fitted and with which it had to
cooperate; and (e) setting the parameters and timings within the software. He
concluded that these contributions, whilst time consuming and of value, did
not amount to contributions to the _authorship_ of the software.

288 Another case relevant to our current discussion is _Robin Ray v Classic FM
Plc_ [1998] FSR 622. The plaintiff was engaged to advise the defendant (a
radio station) on its classical composition repertoire and to catalogue its
music library. The plaintiff produced five documents with proposals for the
classification as well as a catalogue. Subsequently, in an action for
copyright infringement, issues relating to the authorship and ownership of the
copyright in the five catalogues and the database arose. In deciding that the
defendant was not a joint author of the catalogues and database, Lightman J
made the following points:

(a) A joint author is one who collaborates with another author in the
production of a work, who as author provides a significant creative input, and
whose contribution is not distinct from that of the other author.

(b) A joint author must contribute to the production of the work and create
something protected by copyright which finds its way into the finished work.

(c) Copyright exists, not in ideas but in the written expression of ideas. A
joint author must participate in the writing and share responsibility for the
form of expression in the work.

(d) A joint author must do more than contribute ideas to an author.

(e) A joint author must be an author or creator of the work in question; it is
not enough that he thought up the plot of a play, or made suggestions for a
comic routine to be included, or passed on his reminiscences to a ghost
writer.

(f) Even if there is a division of labour between the two parties, there is no
joint authorship if one alone is entirely responsible for the skill and labour
of the _authorship_ of the book.

(g) There is no restriction on the way in which a joint author's contributions
may be funnelled into the finished work, and there is no requirement that each
of the authors must have exercised penmanship.

(h) There must, however, be something which approximates to penmanship,
namely, a direct responsibility for what actually appears on paper.

289 Finally, I consider the English High Court case _Hadley_ v _Kemp_ [1999]
EMLR 589. This is a case concerning musical work copyright in pop songs and a
claim of joint authorship by a pop band that performed the pop songs. Park J
was of the view that in order for a person to be a joint author of a musical
work, four elements had to be satisfied: (a) the claimant must have made a
contribution; (b) the contribution must have been significant; (c) the
contribution must have been original; and (d) it must have been a contribution
to the creation of a musical work. The court held that a contribution in terms
of mere performance or interpretation of the musical work was not enough.

290 The principles which arise from the above cases can be summarised as
follows:

(a) First, authorship always requires a contribution to the _expression_ of
the work.

(b) Second, the mere fact that there is a pre-concerted joint design to
produce a book or a work does not necessarily make each party to that design a
joint author.

(i) While the court in _Levy_ did hold that the writing of a work in
accordance with a pre-concerted joint design could result in the work being
one of joint authorship, this was said in the context of both parties having
contributed to the _writing_ of the work. For example, a publisher who enters
into a pre-concerted joint design to produce a book will not ordinarily
qualify as a joint author of the work notwithstanding the pre-concerted design
and his contributions to the book in the form of type-setting, _etc_.

(ii) In _Heptulla_ , the subject of the biography had made substantial
contributions to the expression of the work. He read each line and made
numerous alterations and changes to the work. At least for interlocutory
purposes, it appeared that he had done more than to merely communicate basic
raw ideas or information.

(c) Third, whilst authorship is linked to expression, the law accepts that
"expression" for copyright purposes includes both literal and non-literal
expressive elements.

(d) Fourth, intellectual contributions in the form of criticism (such as
detection of errors) are unlikely to be sufficient unless the criticisms
involve a substantial contribution to the expression.

(e) Fifth, whilst in many cases, an author will actually be the person who
reduces the work to material form, there will be cases where this will not be
so. For example, it is clear that an amanuensis is not an author.

291 In the present case, the evidence as to the quality and quantity of the
2nd Plaintiff’s contribution to the White Get-Up was thin. As described above,
we only have the testimony of the 2nd Plaintiff himself, as well as CYX, one
of his employees. While I accept that the idea and the basic elements of the
White Get-Up came from the 2nd Plaintiff, I am not satisfied that the 2nd
Plaintiff contributed enough to be considered an author or joint author of the
White Get-Up. In my view, he made no contribution to the White Get-Up as
actually expressed; his contributions were limited to the broad ideas behind
the White Get-Up, and did not extend to any aspect of its actual expression.

292 In coming to this conclusion, I do not doubt that the 2nd Plaintiff took
pride in his idea and expended effort to procure packaging that he thought
would appeal to buyers. This is not enough, however, to establish his claim to
authorship. On this ground, I find that the 2nd Plaintiff is not the owner of
the copyright in the White Get-Up under the CA.

Copyright infringement actions in the context of joint ownership

293 If the 2nd Plaintiff had proven more substantial contributions to the
_expression_ of the White Get-Up, a finding of joint authorship may have been
possible. If this were the case, I would have had to consider whether a joint
author (as a joint owner) can bring an action for copyright infringement
without the other joint owners. Of course, this question is merely academic
given that I have found that neither of the plaintiffs is, on the facts, a
joint owner of the copyright in the White Get-Up. For this reason I make no
further comments.

Exclusive license or assignment of ownership to the White Get-Up

294 Having found that the plaintiffs are not joint authors of the White Get-
Up, it follows that if the plaintiffs’ copyright claim in respect of the White
Get-Up is to succeed, it must be based on an assignment of ownership or the
grant of an exclusive licence to the copyright by the owner of the said
copyright.

295 On the facts as I have found it, the author of the White Get-Up is the
designer from the Chinese ODM. There is no evidence as to the relationship
between that designer and the Chinese ODM. Whilst he may well have been an
employee, there is also the possibility that he was an independent consultant.
It is thus unclear to me who the _owner_ of the copyright in the White Get-Up
is.

296 In any case, assuming for the sake of argument that the owner of the
copyright is the Chinese ODM (_ie_ , that the designer was an employee), the
plaintiffs submitted a copy of what was said to be an agreement between the
1st Plaintiff and the Chinese ODM (dated 5 January 2007) into evidence. This
agreement was said to effect an assignment of, or the grant of an exclusive
license in, the copyright in the White Get-Up to the 1st Plaintiff. The
document sets out the following statement:[note: 86]

All the artwork of DVD-339K series, white coloured box, external box and panel
sticker etc that SINGSUNG Pte Ltd ordered from my company are designed by
SINGSUNG. My company is committed to and assures that the artwork design will
not be given for use by other clients.

297 The meaning of this statement and the context it was made is unclear.
Indeed, the document on its own does not even appear to be set out as a
contract. It merely sets out the above bare statement, very much like a
declaration. The plaintiffs also did not plead or submit that foreign law
applies to the issues of the effectiveness of an assignment of intellectual
property rights (if any) or the contractual validity or construction of the
document that they were relying on. I will accordingly apply principles of
Singapore law in the absence of any assertion or argument to the contrary.
Whilst there is no legal requirement that any particular formula of words must
be used to effect an assignment or the grant of a copyright license, the words
that are used must objectively be capable of being understood as effecting
such.

298 On one interpretation, the statement may be regarded as an admission of
some design contribution of the plaintiffs to the White Get-Up, but I am
unable to conclude on this basis alone that the 2nd Plaintiff was the author
or joint author of the White Get-Up. With respect, what I am concerned with is
who is/are the author(s) of the White Get-Up _in fact_ ; the Chinese
manufacturer’s _statement or opinion_ that the 1st Plaintiff “designed” the
White Get-Up cannot take the plaintiffs very far (unless further evidence is
adduced as to the meaning the Chinese manufacturer ascribed to “design”). It
is clear on the plaintiffs’ own evidence that the 2nd Plaintiff only conceived
and discussed the idea behind the White Get-Up with the designer. It was the
designer who reduced those ideas into material form. In this “loose” sense,
the 2nd Plaintiff could be considered, as the statement says, a “designer” of
the White Get-Up. However, this is insufficient to give rise to a finding that
the 2nd Plaintiff is the author of the White Get-Up for the purposes of
determining copyright ownership.

299 I must next consider if the statement could be interpreted to be an
assignment of, or a grant of an exclusive license to the White Get-Up. Under
cross-examination, the 2nd Plaintiff testified that the manufacturer told him
that it would not supply the DVD players of his chosen design to anyone
else.[note: 87] The only evidence for this is the statement referred to above.
It is thus to the interpretation of the above statement that I now turn.

300 In my view, the statement does not purport to assign or transfer any
proprietary rights to the 1st Plaintiff. One possible interpretation of the
statement may well be that the ODM had _contractually promised_ not to supply
the DVD players or the packaging with the White Get-Up design to other
persons. This could be implied from the second sentence in the quote at [296]
above that “[m]y company is committed to and assures that the artwork design
will not be given for use by other clients”.

301 However, this does not in law or in fact amount to an assignment of, or
the grant of an exclusive licence to, the copyright in the White Get-Up. In my
view, the statement reads like a personal undertaking by the Chinese
manufacturer and can at most only give the plaintiffs a contractual claim
against the ODM. There can be no reasonable interpretation of the statement
that treats the Chinese manufacturer as having granted the plaintiffs an
assignment or exclusive licence.

302 I thus find that on the evidence before me, there was neither an
assignment of the copyright in the White Get-Up, nor was there a grant of an
exclusive license to the plaintiffs to use the White Get-Up. It follows that
the plaintiffs’ claim that its copyright in the White Get-Up was infringed
must fail because they do not have any proprietary rights to the said
copyright. To be clear, I recognise that the question whether an exclusive
licensee is to be treated as acquiring a proprietary interest is unclear.
However, this is not a matter that needs to be decided in the present case.

Does copyright subsist in the White Get-Up in Singapore?

303 In the event that I am wrong and the 2nd Plaintiff is to be regarded as an
author or joint author of the White Get-Up, the claim for copyright
infringement, properly pleaded, may well succeed. I first discuss whether
copyright subsists in the White Get-Up in Singapore assuming that the 2nd
Plaintiff is an author/joint author of the White Get-Up.

304 The picture created for the box packaging of DVD Player A is an original
artistic work. There is no evidence that the expressive elements were copied
or taken from any pre-existing work. Even if the picture comprises relatively
simple artistic elements, this is not a ground for denying originality.

305 Section 27(1)(_a_) of the CA provides that copyright shall subsist in an
original, unpublished artistic work in Singapore if the author was a qualified
person at the time the work was made. If the work is published, s 27(2) of the
CA provides that copyright subsists or continues to subsist if the first
publication took place in Singapore, if the author was a qualified person at
the time of first publication, or if the author was a qualified person at his
death if he died before the first publication.

306 As a result of regulations promulgated under s 184 of the CA, the CA has
been applied to cover works and other copyright subject matter emanating from
most countries of the world. The current position is succinctly set out by
Professor Ng-Loy Wee Loon in _Law of Intellectual Property of Singapore_ at
para 6.3.10:

(a) An unpublished work now enjoys copyright in Singapore if at the time when
the work was made, the author was a citizen or resident of Singapore or
another country which is a member of the Berne Union or the World Trade
Organisation (“WTO”).

(b) A published work now enjoys copyright in Singapore if the work was first
published in Singapore or a member country of the Berne Union or the WTO, or
if at the time when the work was first published (or at the time of the
author’s death), the author was a citizen or resident of Singapore or a member
country of the Berne Union or the WTO.

307 It follows that the White Get-Up enjoys copyright in Singapore as an
original artistic work. If the 2nd Plaintiff is regarded as the author or
joint author of the work, his status as a Singapore citizen/resident at the
time when the work was made is sufficient for the work to acquire copyright in
Singapore. In any case, China is a member of the Berne Union (July 1992) and
the WTO (December 2001). Assuming the designer or author was a Chinese citizen
or resident at the time the work was first published, the White Get-Up will
attract copyright in Singapore. In these circumstances, there is no need to
consider the place of first publication.

Assuming copyright belongs to the plaintiffs, did the defendants infringe the
plaintiffs’ copyright in the White Get-Up?

308 Again, operating on the assumption that I am wrong about the plaintiffs’
ownership of copyright in the White Get-Up, and given my finding that
copyright can subsist in the White Get-Up in Singapore, I now briefly discuss
whether the defendants’ actions would have constituted copyright infringement.

309 Section 26(1)(_b_)(i) of the CA sets out the exclusive right of a
copyright owner to reproduce the artistic work in a material form. Where a
defendant reproduces the work without the licence of the copyright owner, he
infringes the owner’s copyright. Infringement does not require that the
artistic work was exactly copied. It is sufficient if a substantial part of
the copyright has been taken.

310 Copyright infringement can arise in a number of different ways. In brief,
the first, sometimes referred to as primary infringement, arises pursuant to s
31 of the CA when a defendant does, in Singapore, and without licence, any of
the acts comprised in the copyright. The second, sometimes referred to as
secondary infringement, occurs when a defendant imports infringing articles
into Singapore for trade purposes and/or sells the infringing copies in
Singapore: see ss 32 and 33 of the CA.

311 The provisions governing liability for secondary infringement under ss 32
and 33 are complex, especially so in the case of imported articles. Where s 32
is asserted in respect of the _importation_ of an infringing article without
the licence of the copyright owner, the relevant copyright owner for the
purpose of deciding whether the importation was without licence is the person
who is entitled to make the article in the _country into which it has been
imported_ (_ie_ , in our present case, Singapore): s 25(2) of the CA.

312 In addition, the importer under s 32 of the CA must _know or ought
reasonably to know_ that the imported article _was made without the consent_
of the copyright owner. The identity of the copyright owner for the purpose of
deciding whether the article was made without consent is set out in s 25(3) of
the CA—it refers to the _copyright owner in the place of making_ (_ie_ , in
our present case, China). If such a copyright owner exists, then it is the
copyright owner in that place whose consent is relevant so far as the making
of the imported article is concerned. If there is no copyright owner in the
place of making, it will be the owner of the copyright in Singapore whose
consent is relevant. It follows that liability under s 32 of the CA will often
require an examination of who the owner of the copyright in the place of
making is, and whether that person consented to the making of the imported
article.

313 Where s 33 of the CA is asserted to catch the _sale_ of imported articles
in Singapore, it is necessary to show that the imported article was made
_without the consent of the copyright owner_. Liability here does not depend
on the defendant being the actual importer into Singapore. The provisions are
directed at any person who is selling the imported articles. Once again, the
relevant copyright owner is the copyright owner in the _place of making_
unless there is no copyright owner in the place of making; in that event, the
relevant copyright owner is the copyright owner in Singapore.

314 In the present case, it appears that the ODM in China with whom the
defendants had placed the order (a different ODM from that which produced the
1st Plaintiff’s DVD A) reproduced the White Get-Up picture on the box
packaging of the defendants’ LS DVD 336A1. Whilst the evidence could have been
clearer, no license seems to have been obtained by the defendants for such
reproduction. A comparison between the plaintiffs’ White Get-Up and the
picture appearing on the defendants’ box packaging reveals almost identical
images.[note: 88] In fact, under cross-examination, the 2nd Defendant accepted
that the White Get-Up had been copied.[note: 89] The 2nd Defendant’s
explanation was that the White Get-Up had been used by S H Econ on its
packaging for DVD players. Any rights in the White Get-Up therefore belonged
to the S H Econ partnership, and being a partner, he was entitled to use the
White Get-Up as well.

315 It will be recalled that the 2nd Plaintiff started the 1st Plaintiff and
the business of dealing in new electrical products before the S H Econ
partnership was terminated. The 2nd Plaintiff’s evidence is that some orders
(business of the 1st Plaintiff) were initially processed through S H Econ for
business or administrative convenience.[note: 90] I accept this evidence. I
also accept that this did not mean that S H Econ or the 2nd Defendant had
acquired any rights in respect of the 1st Plaintiff’s business. Thus, the 2nd
Defendant’s “defence” that he was entitled to use the White Get-Up because of
its history in relation to S H Econ cannot stand. In light of this, I now
assess whether there would have been copyright infringement if the plaintiffs
had owned the copyright in the White Get-Up.

316 Based on the above facts, primary infringement has not occurred in
Singapore. It is clear that the reproductions of the White Get-Up took place
in China. What the defendants did was to place an order for the products in
China, and import them into Singapore for sale to overseas trade buyers. The
requirement that the reproduction must be done in Singapore in order for
primary copyright infringement to take place (see s 31 of the CA) is therefore
not fulfilled.

317 However, a good case might have been made that the defendants were
secondarily liable for copyright infringement under s 32 of the CA. The
defendants did import the DVD players with the White Get-Up from China into
Singapore for the purposes of sale. The evidence suggests that the articles
were not made with the consent of the copyright owner in Singapore (or indeed
China). It therefore follows that the defendants would be liable under s 32 of
the CA provided it is established that they knew or ought reasonably to have
known that the articles were made without the consent of the copyright owner.

318 Similarly, the defendants are likely to have been liable for copyright
infringement under s 33 of the CA because they did sell the infringing DVD
players (in its packaging) in Singapore.

319 Nevertheless, I repeat that the action for copyright infringement in the
White Get-Up fails because the plaintiffs have not established that they are
the owners of the copyright in Singapore or the holders of an exclusive
licence.

The Blue Get-Up

320 A picture of DVD B and the Blue Get-Up is set out in an annexure to the
plaintiffs’ statement of claim. The plaintiffs’ main complaint is that the
defendants used the Blue Get-Up on its own box packaging for the 1st
Defendant’s DVD players.

321 I now describe the Blue Get-Up in some detail.[note: 91] The box is
presented in a shade of blue. The brand name “SINGSUNG” appears at the top
left corner of one long side. In the centre there is a photograph of the
actual DVD player to be found inside the box. On the other long side, the
words “Beware of Counterfeit Products” appears in cursive script at a top
centre position. At the bottom left, the words “3-year warranty” appears. At
the bottom right side, the words “Power Compatible” (in cursive script), the
model number DHI, and the words “DVD PLAYER” appear in plain bold font.

322 According to the 2nd Plaintiff, he decided on a blue colour theme for the
box packaging. The ODM in China then produced a version of the DHI box which
was tweaked by him. After this, SEC joined the 2nd Plaintiff in China and she
stayed on for about seven months. During this time, SEC, on instructions from
the 2nd Plaintiff, made some further adjustments to the Blue Get-Up. These
included changing the uniform blue colour so that there was a subtle gradient
(shading) in the blue colour moving from bottom left to top right, as well as
making some adjustment to the placement of the brand and wordings.

323 I must first clarify exactly what is being asserted as an original
artistic work. Based on the pleadings and the plaintiffs’ closing submissions,
it is relatively clear that copyright is being asserted only in the photograph
of the DVD player, which is one part of the Blue Get-Up, rather than in the
Blue Get-Up as a whole.[note: 92] Whilst the 2nd Plaintiff may have expended
effort in selecting a blue shade, it appears that the core plank of the claim
is in respect of the photograph of the DVD player.

324 During cross-examination, the 2nd Plaintiff asserted that he conveyed the
idea of using a photograph of the actual DVD player on the box packaging of
the DVD Player to the Chinese manufacturer. Whilst it is not clear who the
actual photographer was, it appears that the parties have proceeded on the
basis that the photograph was either taken by someone from the manufacturer,
or that the manufacturer arranged for the photograph to be taken.[note: 93]

325 The agreement between the 1st Plaintiff and the Chinese manufacturer of
DVD Player B includes the following provision:[note: 94]

Artwork of the entire order of packaged colored boxes (blue), external box,
panel sticker of the entire machine etc, are designed by Party A’s company and
the exclusive rights of the external appearance belong to Party A. Party B
shall not provide the design (including artwork color, typesetting, contents,
wordings etc) for the use of other clients.

326 I am prepared to proceed, at least for the moment, on the basis that the
photograph enjoyed copyright in Singapore on the grounds that: (a) the
photograph was an original artistic work and (b) that a connecting factor to
secure copyright in Singapore was satisfied (_ie_ , the personal status of the
author). In making this observation, I note that the defendants assert that
the photograph lacked originality because most DVD players come in cartons
bearing a picture of the DVD player. This is misconceived. A photograph of a
natural scene or a man-made object owes its originality to the skill and
effort of the photographer. The fact that photographs of the scene or man-made
object are common place is irrelevant. Artistic merit is also irrelevant.

327 Assuming copyright subsists, I next consider the issue of copyright
ownership. Section 30(5) of the CA confers the copyright in a commissioned
photograph on the commissioner. Whilst the 2nd Plaintiff has asserted that he
acquired the copyright in the photograph in Singapore under s 30(5), there is
very little evidence on the actual circumstances under which the photograph
was taken and provided. This is important because a commissioner can only rely
on s 30(5) if the agreement to take the photograph is for valuable
consideration. On the evidence before me, it appears that whilst the 2nd
Plaintiff asked for photographs to be taken or provided for use as part of the
Blue Get-Up, no consideration was specifically provided for the taking of the
photograph (if that was in fact what happened). Neither party addressed this
point. Nevertheless, I am prepared again, for the moment, to proceed on the
basis that the requirements of s 30(5) were met, such as to vest the copyright
in the photograph in the 2nd Plaintiff.

328 If copyright did subsist in the photograph in Singapore, and if the 2nd
Plaintiff was entitled to claim the copyright under s 30(5), the 2nd Plaintiff
may be able to rely on the provisions dealing with secondary infringement and
imported articles (as discussed earlier).

329 The difficulty which the 2nd Plaintiff faces on the facts, however, is
that neither the defendants nor the defendants’ manufacturer in China appear
to have copied his photographs. I make a number of points on this. First, the
2nd Plaintiff accepted under cross-examination that it was normal or common
for the packaging of DVD players to set out a photograph of the DVD player.
Second, it appears that the picture or photograph of the DVD players on the
defendants’ alleged infringing copies are not reproductions of the plaintiffs’
photographs. As such, there is no copyright infringement because it is not
copyright infringement to use the idea of photographing a particular scene. If
the defendants or their manufacturer had taken their _own_ photograph of the
same DVD player, there can be no copyright infringement.

330 In this case, it appears that the defendants did not copy the plaintiffs’
photograph. I observe that the actual DVD players depicted in the parties’
photographs were of different models.[note: 95] That being so, it is clear
that the plaintiffs’ photographs could not have been taken by the defendants
for their own use. What the defendants did was to take or use the same idea of
a blue background on which a picture of a DVD player would be displayed.

331 In coming to this conclusion, I have noted the plaintiffs’ point that
there was some evidence that one of the defendants’ customers provided a
photograph of DVD B to the plaintiffs, and that this was passed on to the
defendants’ factory in China.[note: 96] Be that as it may, the photograph
provided is not in evidence. Moreover, for the reasons stated above, it does
not appear that the defendants or their manufacturer had actually copied that
photograph.

332 Therefore, even if the 2nd Plaintiff had established his right to
copyright in the photograph, the action for infringement fails.

333 For the sake of completeness, I will consider the possibility that the
“Blue Get-Up Picture” may have been a reference to the Blue Get-Up as a whole.
In other words, I shall consider if any copyright infringement arises from the
alleged copying of the Blue Get-Up as a whole.

334 It seems to me that the key artistic element taken (or borrowed) from the
Blue Get-Up, colour aside, was the photograph of the actual DVD player. The
blue colours of the defendants’ boxes, whilst similar, were in a different
shade of blue. The defendants’ brand name was different, and the model numbers
used were different. The picture of the DVD is also different.

335 Whilst I accept that copyright can subsist in very simple works, it is
also an established principle that where the work is so simple that it barely
qualifies for protection, nothing but an exact reproduction will amount to the
“substantial taking” that is required for infringement. In _Kenrick_ , Wills J
held (at 102) that “the mere choice of subject can rarely, if ever, confer
upon the author of the drawing an exclusive right to represent the subject”
and that whilst the most mechanical representation of the commonest object may
enjoy copyright, “nothing short of an exact literal reproduction of the
drawing” will amount to infringement. This is an eminently sensible approach
to take given the distinction drawn by copyright law between an idea and the
expression of the idea. In the present case, even if the Blue Get-Up as a
whole is an original artistic work, I do not think there is sufficient copying
of the Blue Get-Up as a whole to justify a finding of copyright infringement.

336 For the above reasons, the action for infringement in relation to the Blue
Get-Up fails.

The sticker pasted on the television sets and the “Rotary Rotatory” logo

337 Copyright has not been claimed over the phrase “Rotary Rotatory” as an
original _literary_ work. Instead, in their statement of claim, the plaintiffs
claim that the sticker as a whole, and the “Rotary Rotatory” logo (phrase) on
its own, constitute original _artistic_ works.[note: 97]

Subsistence and ownership of copyright

338 It will be recalled that a key feature of the 1st Plaintiff’s television
sets is that the screen could swivel 90 degrees on the base plate. Both SEC
and the 2nd Plaintiff testified that the sticker was designed by SEC on the
instructions of the 2nd Plaintiff for placement on the screen of the
television sets. The sticker bore the phrase “Rotary Rotatory” in cursive
script, as well as three symbols (simple drawings) depicting gears, cathode
ray tubes and the side profile of the television set. Together with the
symbols, the following information is set out in the sticker: “90 degrees
Rotatable”; “100% Brand New Picture Tube with 3 years warranty”; “Terms and
Conditions apply”; and “Ultra slim”. The “SINGSUNG” brand appears in yellow
lettering at the bottom of the sticker together with the word “Singapore”. The
phrase “Rotary Rotatory” also appears on the housing of the television, above
the screen. The plaintiffs refer to this phrase as a logo.

339 During cross-examination, SEC gave evidence that the phrase was chosen
because it conveyed the essential information in a rhythmic manner. A cursive
font was chosen so that the appearance of the phrase matched the flexibility
of the television sets (the ability to rotate the screen towards the
viewer).[note: 98] The witness went on, however, to state that the phrase was
the “name of the television” and that it was not “exactly part of the sticker
design”.[note: 99] When asked to clarify what she meant, the witness repeated
that what she had in mind was to choose a phrase, by way of naming the
television, to best convey the rotating feature of the model.[note: 100]

340 On balance, I accept SEC’s evidence on how the sticker was conceived and
developed. Whilst I find that the “Rotary Rotatory” logo (phrase) is not an
artistic work in its own right (as will be explained later), I find that the
simple line drawings and the arrangement of the elements on the sticker as a
whole constitutes an original artistic work. As SEC explained, she wanted to
“use simple, easily recognisable images to represent each special feature” of
the television set.[note: 101] The defendants dispute that SEC is the author
of the sticker or the “Rotary Rotatory” logo. They submit that the sticker
(and the phrase) was created by the Jin Pin factory, and argue that it was
absurd for SEC to claim to have come up with a word-dominated sticker given
her evidence that the intended consumers were largely illiterate. Whilst there
is something to be said for this, given that there is no evidence from the Jin
Pin factory, I accept the evidence of SEC. There is no evidence to suggest
that SEC copied the images from some other work. I therefore find that the
sticker is an original artistic work as a whole. I also find that its author
is SEC.

341 Section 30(6) of the CA provides that where a work is made by an author
pursuant to the terms of his employment under a contract of service, copyright
vests in the employer. In the present case, even though no written contract of
employment was signed, it is clear that SEC was an employee of the 1st
Plaintiff at the time when she conceived and developed the drawings.[note:
102] There is no requirement that the contract of service must be in writing.
The fact that SEC decided to gain some work experience before starting or
completing tertiary education, or that she only worked for a short time, does
not alter the fact that she was an employee. Her evidence, which I accept, was
that she started at the 1st Plaintiff doing administrative work, but moved
into design work because she had an interest in that field. Indeed, the
evidence establishes that at the time of the hearing, SEC was a final year
student at LASALLE College of the Arts. Accordingly, I find that the 1st
Plaintiff is the owner of the copyright that subsists over the drawings in the
sticker.

342 To be clear, I do not find that copyright subsists in the stylised “Rotary
Rotatory” logo (phrase) on its own, whether as an original artistic work or
literary work (although the latter has not in any case been claimed). I shall
now explain the reasons for this finding.

343 A literary work is a work that is intended to offer information, pleasure
or instruction to a reader in the form of literary enjoyment. The significance
of a literary work resides in the sequence and the meaning conveyed by the
words or notation to the reader. An artistic work, on the other hand, is
essentially concerned with visual appearance. The line between the two can of
course be hard to draw. Penmanship is admired not just for its informational
content; as in the case of Chinese calligraphy scrolls, visual styling can be
just as important. Moreover, artistic work is not confined to works of fine
art. Corporate logos, comprising just a few alphabets, set out in a stylised
form, can be protected as artistic works especially when used in conjunction
with some pictorial device. Indeed a signature, which of course comprises, a
name, can enjoy copyright as a type of drawing and artistic work. Words and
phrases can also be built into or form part of an artistic work (drawing or
painting). Consider, for example, a painting of a cat where the image is
formed by words and sentences of various lengths, or a map which contains
drawings and textual information which can be read. Such images may be treated
both as an artistic work and as a literary work (possibly as a compilation of
works): Nicholas Caddick _et al_ , _Copinger and Skone James on Copyright_ vol
1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 16th Ed, 2013) at para 3-57.

344 In _Elwood Clothing Pty Ltd v Cotton On Clothing Pty Ltd_ [2008] FCA 447
at [16]–[17], the Federal Court of Australia at first instance held that the
question whether something is a drawing depends on whether it is (at [15])
“designed to convey ‘semiotic’ meaning (ie to be read as text) or rather a
visual look and feel (ie to be understood as a design)”. The decision was
upheld on appeal by the Full Federal Court at [2008] FCAFC 197. Thus, words
and slogans which are stylised and set out with a pictorial device in a
particular colour combination may be regarded as an artistic work on the whole
for the way in which the various elements have been selected and arranged for
the sake of visual appearance.

345 Notwithstanding the examples of cases where corporate logos, _etc_ , have
been held to enjoy copyright as a species of artistic work, care is needed
before reaching the conclusion that two words presented in an ordinary cursive
script are to be regarded as an artistic work in its own right. This requires
an assessment of the importance of the visual impact over and above the
semiotic meaning. Did the author intend the work to be appreciated for its
visual appearance? How do members of the public view the words? Ultimately
this is a question of judgment for the court. In my view, the phrase “Rotary
Rotatory”, even considering the particular font it is presented, is not an
artistic work. The evidence is that the phrase “Rotary Rotatory” was chosen as
a name to convey a specific meaning to the viewer (potential customer). It was
not chosen as part of the _design_ of the sticker. Even though consideration
was given to visual appearance, more effort was expended in coming up with the
specific words and the intended meaning, rather than the design. Whilst this
may not be a conclusive factor on its own, I add that there was no evidence
that ordinary persons appreciated the words (or phrase) for their visual
appearance.

346 What remains is the question whether the phrase can be protected as a
species of literary work. To have the literary content of the logo protected
requires an assertion of literary work copyright. The use of literary
copyright to protect words, titles and slogans has long given rise to its own
problems in copyright law. However, there is no need to examine these problems
here since no claim to literary work copyright has been put forward.

Was there an infringement of the plaintiffs’ copyright?

347 Given my finding that copyright subsists in Singapore in the sticker as a
whole as an artistic work, liability for infringement will arise if the
artistic work is reproduced without the licence of the copyright owner. Where
the alleged infringing copy is made outside Singapore and then imported into
Singapore for sale, the importer will be liable for secondary infringement
under ss 32–33 of the CA in the circumstances which have been summarised at
[310]–[313] of this judgment. I now consider the evidence that was given on
this issue.

348 The evidence shows that the 2nd Defendant paid a visit to the same ODM in
China, the Jin Pin factory, from whom the plaintiffs had obtained their
television sets. The 2nd Defendant’s own evidence on this is as follows:

(a) During his visit, he chose rotating television models from a
catalogue.[note: 103]

(b) He requested that the manufacturer add the phrase “Rotary Rotatory” to the
body of the television set and on the stickers to be pasted on the television
set.[note: 104] He wanted stickers so that the television set would not look
so plain and because many other brands such as SAMSUNG included
stickers.[note: 105]

(c) Whilst the evidence could have been clearer, it seems that the 2nd
Defendant’s position is that he came across the 1st Plaintiff’s sticker on a
television set whilst he was visiting the Chinese manufacturer’s
factory.[note: 106] This was also when he saw the phrase “Rotary Rotatory” on
the 1st Plaintiff’s television sets.

(d) He then asked the manufacturer to provide the same stickers and to use the
same phrase, but to change the company name or logo.

(e) The manufacturer agreed to provide the sticker. For this reason, the 2nd
Defendant was of the view that the sticker could not have belonged to the 1st
Plaintiff.[note: 107]

349 The evidence over the circumstances surrounding the 1st Defendant’s orders
for television sets from the Jin Pin factory, and in particular, whether the
Jin Pin factory was confused or deceived by the 2nd Defendant into thinking
that the 2nd Defendant and the 2nd Plaintiff were business partners, was hotly
contested.[note: 108] What is clear is that two bulk orders were placed by the
defendants. After the first bulk order, it appears that the Jin Pin factory
refused to accept further orders from the 1st Defendant.[note: 109]

350 According to the 2nd Plaintiff, this was because he had complained to the
Jin Pin factory about its dealings with the defendants.[note: 110] According
to the 2nd Defendant, the reason was that the Jin Pin factory chose to stay
with the plaintiffs because the 2nd Defendant was not prepared to guarantee a
minimum number of orders. The plaintiffs also asserted that the defendants
placed a second bulk order with the manufacturer by using a third party to
conceal his identity. However, DL, a witness for the defendants, asserted that
the second order was placed in this manner at the request of the Jin Pin
factory.[note: 111] The reason why the Jin Pin factory would make such a
request was unclear. According to the 2nd Defendant, it may have been because
the Jin Pin factory was still keen on his business notwithstanding the
complaints of the plaintiffs.[note: 112] Either way, the defendants later
decided to place orders for television sets from a different Chinese
manufacturer. The phrase and stickers were not used on those television
sets.[note: 113]

351 On balance, I accept the plaintiffs’ version of what happened between the
defendants and the Jin Pin factory, their Chinese ODM. The evidence of DL, the
defendants’ witness, was hard to follow on this point. Her statement that the
sales staff at the Jin Pin factory did not refuse to take the order and that
the defendants had found the sales service was bad does not explain why the
Jin Pin factory required the second order to be placed through another
company.[note: 114] It is more likely that the Jin Pin factory decided not to
deal further with the defendants after discovering the history of the
relationship between the 2nd Plaintiff and the 2nd Defendant. Thereafter, the
defendants concealed their true identity in placing the second order for
television sets from the Jin Pin factory.

352 The evidence being as it is, I find that the stickers made for the
defendants’ television sets reproduced a substantial part of the 1st
Plaintiff’s sticker. In my view, while primary copyright infringement cannot
be established because the reproduction took place in China not Singapore, the
defendants nevertheless did infringe the 1st Plaintiffs’ copyright under ss 32
and 33 of the CA by importing and selling television sets with the sticker in
Singapore. I now explain my conclusion in a bit more detail.

353 It will be recalled that liability under ss 32 and 33 of the CA for
secondary infringement depends ultimately on establishing that the imported
article was made without the consent of the copyright owner. It is also
necessary to show that the defendant knew or ought reasonably to have known
that the imported article was made without consent. I have found that the 1st
Plaintiff is the owner of the copyright in Singapore. The question as to
whether the sticker enjoys copyright in China is not one that has been
addressed by either party. Indeed, even if the sticker is protected by
copyright in China, no arguments or submissions have been made as to who is
the owner of the copyright in China. Nevertheless, given my findings on the
origination of the sticker and its design in Singapore, I am prepared to
proceed on the basis that the 1st Plaintiff is also the owner of the copyright
(if any) in China. If this is wrong, in that Chinese law does not confer
copyright on the sticker in question, the “copyright owner” at the relevant
parts of ss 32 and 33 of the CA will, as I previously explained, then refer
back to the copyright owner in Singapore.

354 It is clear to me on the facts that the defendants never received the 1st
Plaintiff’s consent to reproduce the stickers and licence to import the
stickers into Singapore. Further, I find that at least by the second order of
television sets, the defendants knew or ought to have known that consent to
the making of the stickers would not be given. This finding is assisted in
large part by my previous finding that the defendants deceived the Jin Pin
factory about its identity when placing its second order.

355 The position in relation to infringement _at the time of the first order
of television sets and stickers_ is trickier. The 1st Plaintiff clearly did
not licence the importation or consent to making of the defendants’ television
sets with stickers substantially the same as that of the plaintiffs (save for
the fact that the brand name was changed) at any time. However, the crucial
point of difference is as follows. It is wholly unclear whether the 2nd
Defendant, at the time of the first order of televisions sets, realised or
ought reasonably to have known that the Jin Pin factory did not have the right
to produce the sticker for the defendants. After all, the Jin Pin factory was
the same ODM from whom the plaintiffs were obtaining their television sets and
stickers. Given this lack of clarity, I am not satisfied that it is
established on a balance of probabilities that the defendants knew or ought
reasonably to have known that the making of these stickers was without the
consent of the copyright owner at the time the first order was placed and
brought into Singapore. It follows therefore that whilst liability has been
established in relation to the defendants’ _second_ order, importation and
sale of television sets, the claim fails in relation to the first.

The floral pattern on the rice cookers

356 The plaintiffs assert copyright in the floral pattern on the side of the
1st Plaintiff’s rice cooker (Model RC-18L).[note: 115] The 2nd Plaintiff’s
evidence was that when he visited the manufacturer in China, this particular
rice cooker model was selected out of the numerous models and patterns which
were available.

357 I can deal briefly with this claim to copyright. In my view, it must fail
for the following reasons:

(a) First, it is clear that the floral pattern was designed by the Chinese
manufacturer and was one of many (thousands) that were available for
selection.[note: 116] There is no claim that the design came from the
plaintiffs. The fact that the 2nd Plaintiff took the time and effort to select
the model and floral pattern does not make him an author or designer of the
pattern. As such, the plaintiffs do not own the copyright by virtue of
authorship.

(b) Second, the plaintiffs have not been granted an exclusive license to the
floral pattern, nor have they been assigned the copyright in the floral
pattern. The plaintiffs claim that certain unnamed employees at the
manufacturer’s factory assured the 2nd Plaintiff that the selected pattern
would not be offered to other customers from Singapore. First, there is no
corroborative evidence that such a promise was made. Second, even if I assume
the promise was made, the evidence, even at its highest, does not come close
to establishing an assignment of the copyright, or the grant of an exclusive
licence in the copyright, to the plaintiffs. A contractual (or non-
contractual) promise not to supply the floral design to other Singaporean
customers does not amount to an assignment of the copyright, or the grant of
an exclusive licence in the copyright.

The start-up screen linked to the DVD players

358 The start-up screen refers to an image that appears on the television
screen when the DVD player is switched on. The image features a snow-capped
mountain against a background of a blue sky with the word “SINGSUNG” in the
centre and a shining star behind the letter “I”.

359 Copyright in the start-up screen is claimed as a copyright to the artistic
work. There is no claim to cinematograph film copyright. The plaintiffs’
complaint is that the defendants’ DVD players generated a similar start-up
screen. The key difference in the defendants’ start-up screen is that the name
“SINGSUNG” is replaced with the 1st Defendant’s brand. The 2nd Plaintiff’s
evidence on the development of the start-up screen was brief. In summary, he
conceived the idea for the start-up screen and conveyed the idea to the
designer at the Chinese factory, but it was the factory designer who reduced
the idea into a visual form.[note: 117]

360 On the basis of this evidence, and based on the legal principles discussed
earlier on authorship and ideas, I am unable to conclude that the 2nd
Plaintiff has a valid claim to be the author or joint author of the start-up
screen image. As such, he does not own any copyright in the start-up screen.
Moreover, there is no evidence of any assignment or grant of exclusive licence
of the copyright in the start-up screen to the plaintiffs.

361 As such, the plaintiffs’ copyright infringement claim in respect of the
start-up screen fails.

Conclusion on copyright infringement

362 For the reason set out above, all the plaintiffs’ claims for copyright
infringement fail, save for the claim in respect of the sticker on the second
order of television sets placed by the 1st Defendant.

Defamation

363 The claim for defamation specifically relates to an assertion that the 2nd
Defendant defamed the 2nd Plaintiff.[note: 118] For clarity, I note that
neither the 1st Defendant nor the 1st Plaintiff is directly involved in this
claim. The alleged defamation arises out of certain words spoken by the 2nd
Defendant to GEN, a customer of the plaintiffs from Cameroon. The said
defamatory words were allegedly uttered on _three occasions_ at the 1st
Defendant’s shop premises, and occurred within a span of two weeks.

(a) On the first occasion, the 2nd Defendant apparently told GEN that the 2nd
Plaintiff and one “Mei Lan” had worked together to “Ali Baba” him and to take
his money. The 2nd Defendant further allegedly said that the 1st Plaintiff had
sold defective televisions to a customer from Cameroon named TSH and that as a
result, TSH switched to purchasing products from the defendants.

(b) On the second occasion, the 2nd Defendant allegedly told GEN that the DVD
players exported by the 1st Plaintiff to Nigeria, Tanzania and Cambodia, all
had problems.

(c) On the third occasion, the 2nd Defendant allegedly repeated the claim that
the 2nd Plaintiff had cheated him previously, and stated that the 2nd
Plaintiff was “a big Ali Baba man”, “a very crazy man”, and was “very
dangerous.”

364 The general principles governing the law of defamation are well-settled.
To successfully claim for defamation, a plaintiff must show that there is: (a)
a statement bearing a defamatory meaning; (b) publication to a third party;
and (c) reference to the plaintiff. Having shown this, the burden will then be
on the defendant to prove that it has a defence.

365 In the present case, defences aside, the main issues that arise in
relation to the 2nd Plaintiff’s claim for defamation are as follows:

(a) whether the alleged statements were in fact spoken at all; and

(b) if they were so spoken, whether the words bear the alleged defamatory
meaning.

I note that if the words were spoken, there is no dispute (save in one area)
that the words made reference to the 2nd Plaintiff.

Whether the 2nd Defendant made the alleged statements to GEN

366 The 2nd Defendant admits saying to GEN that the 2nd Plaintiff had “Ali
Baba” him and cheated him previously. The 2nd Defendant also accepts that he
made the remark that the 2nd Plaintiff was “a very crazy man”.[note: 119] The
2nd Defendant however denies having told GEN that the 2nd Plaintiff:

(a) had worked with Mei Lan to take his money;

(b) had cheated him of his money;

(c) had caused SINGSUNG to sell defective DVD players to customers in Nigeria,
Tanzania and Cambodia;

(d) had caused SINGSUNG to sell defective televisions despite knowing that the
products had problems;

(e) was “very dangerous”; and

(f) was a “big Ali Baba man”.

367 Having reviewed the evidence and submissions, I find that the 2nd
Defendant did tell GEN that the 2nd Plaintiff had “Ali Baba” him and cheated
him on the first occasion. I also find that the 2nd Defendant told GEN that
the 2nd Plaintiff was “a very crazy man” on the second occasion. I make the
above findings on the basis that the 2nd Defendant himself accepts that he
said the above words to GEN on the respective occasions.

368 The 2nd Defendant accepts that he did mention something about the 1st
Plaintiff’s television sets (first occasion) and DVD players (second occasion)
being defective. However, he claims that he was merely repeating what he had
been told by some of the 1st Plaintiff’s customers. Moreover, these complaints
were directed at the 1st Plaintiff, and not at the 2nd Plaintiff. On this
basis, it was argued that these words were not in their ordinary and natural
meaning defamatory of the 2nd Plaintiff.

369 In my view, none of the points above precludes (at this stage) the
statements about allegedly defective televisions sets and DVD players from
being actionable in this case. The fact that the 2nd Defendant may have merely
been repeating a statement that he had heard does not change the fact that the
statements were made, and that they could be defamatory. While the 2nd
Defendant might attempt to assert the defence of justification, this is not a
matter for this stage of the inquiry.

370 Moreover, on the point that the words were not directed to the 2nd
Plaintiff (but only to the 1st Plaintiff), a defamatory statement which at
face value is directed at a company can also be found to be directed at or
defamatory of the office holders or particular individuals within the
company’s management: _Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (Alastair Mullis & Richard
Parkes eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2013) ("_Gatley_ ") at para 7.13. Much
will depend on the circumstances, the context, and how an ordinary reader will
interpret the statement. In my assessment of the evidence, given the context
of the meetings, an ordinary person in the position of GEN would infer that
the statements about the defective television sets and DVD players were
directed at both the plaintiffs.

371 That said, I note that it is not clear what the _exact words_ said in
respect of the defective DVD players and television sets are. I accept that
the 2nd Defendant did state (even if only by way of repeating what he had been
told) that the 1st Plaintiff had sold defective television sets and DVD
players. However, it is not clear whether the 2nd Defendant stated that the
plaintiffs _knowingly_ sold the defective products. The implications of this
will be seen later in the judgment.

372 Finally, I find that the 2nd Defendant did say that the 2nd Plaintiff was
“very dangerous” and a “big Ali Baba man” on the third occasion. While the 2nd
Defendant denies making any of these statements, I accept GEN’s evidence that
the 2nd Defendant did indeed make the above statements to him.[note: 120]

373 Thus, in summary, I find that the 2nd Defendant did make the following
statements about the 2nd Plaintiff to GEN:

(a) that the 2nd Plaintiff had “Ali Baba” him and cheated him (first
occasion);

(b) that the 2nd Plaintiff was a “crazy man” (second occasion);

(c) that he was told that the plaintiffs had sold defective DVD players
(second occasion) and television sets (first occasion)—though I qualify this
factual finding by noting that the evidence does not allow me to make a
determinative finding on what exactly was said by the 2nd Defendant in this
regard; and

(d) that the 2nd Plaintiff was “very dangerous” and a “big Ali Baba man”
(third occasion).

Whether the words uttered bear a defamatory meaning

374 Words are considered defamatory if they: (a) lower the plaintiff in the
estimation of right-thinking members of society generally; (b) cause the
plaintiff to be shunned or avoided; or (c) expose the plaintiff to hatred,
contempt or ridicule: Gary Chan Kok Yew & Lee Pey Woan, _The Law of Torts in
Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2011) ("_The Law of Torts in Singapore_ ") at
para 12.014.

375 The question whether certain words are defamatory is ordinarily resolved
on the basis of the natural and ordinary meanings of the words or phrases. In
_Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others v Koh Sin Chong Freddie and another appeal_
[2012] 1 SLR 506 ("_Chan Cheng Wah_ ") at [18], the Court of Appeal set out
the principles applicable to the construction of words based on their natural
and ordinary meanings:

(a) the natural and ordinary meaning of a word is that which is conveyed to an
ordinary reasonable person;

(b) as the test is objective, the meaning which the defendant intended to
convey is irrelevant;

(c) the ordinary reasonable reader is not avid for scandal but can read
between the lines and draw inferences;

(d) where there are a number of possible interpretations, some of which may be
non-defamatory, such a reader will not seize on only the defamatory one;

(e) the ordinary reasonable reader is treated as having read the publication
as a whole in determining its meaning, thus “the bane and the antidote must be
taken together”; and

(f) the ordinary reasonable reader will take note of the circumstances and
manner of the publication.

376 _Gatley_ at para 2.28 helpfully lists out instances of words held to be
defamatory. These include words such as “rogue and rascal”, “crook”,
“dishonest”, and even “hypocrite”. Much of course depends on the circumstances
and context in which the words are uttered. It may not always be defamatory to
call a person a “rascal”.

377 In the present case, I am satisfied that the ordinary and natural meanings
of the words uttered by the 2nd Defendant listed at [373(a)], [373(b)] and
[373(d)] of this judgment are defamatory. As the plaintiffs submit and the 2nd
Defendant acknowledged in cross-examination, “Ali Baba” is a well-known
fictional character famous for being a thief and a cheat.[note: 121] The
expression “Ali Baba”, together with the statement that the 2nd Defendant had
been cheated, suggests that the 2nd Defendant had been the victim of some
serious wrongdoing on the part of the 2nd Plaintiff. This is especially so as
those statements were coupled with other statements that the 2nd Defendant had
been cheated of money and that the 2nd Plaintiff was “very dangerous”. Even
if, as the defendants submit, this last statement is to be read in the context
of the alleged quarrels which the 2nd Plaintiff is said to have had with some
customers,[note: 122] I am of the view that an ordinary person at the third
occasion/meeting (where such sentiments are repeated) would have understood
the statement as meaning that the 2nd Plaintiff was dishonest. These
aspersions on the 2nd Plaintiff’s character would most certainly lower the 2nd
Plaintiff in the “estimation or right-thinking members of society”, and even
cause him to be “shunned and avoided”.

378 In the case of the statements concerning the sale of defective DVD players
and television sets to overseas customers (_ie_ , the statements described at
[373(c)] of this judgment), the position is less clear. As a preliminary
point, I note that the plaintiffs’ closing submissions on defamation are
centred almost entirely on the 2nd Defendant’s allegations that the 2nd
Plaintiff is a “cheat”, a “crazy man”, and an “Ali Baba man”. Little was made
of the statements to do with the 1st Plaintiff’s alleged sale of defective
products. In any case, the 2nd Defendant admits that he had informed GEN that
a number of the 1st Plaintiff’s customers had told him that some of the 1st
Plaintiff’s television sets and DVD players were defective or had
problems.[note: 123] In their closing submissions, however, the plaintiffs
submit that the 2nd Defendant had said that the 2nd Plaintiff had _caused_ the
1st Plaintiff to sell defective DVD players and television sets. This seems to
impute some sort of fault on the 2nd Plaintiff’s part.

379 The distinction between the parties’ version of the defamatory statements
is important. To say that a customer alleges that a company has sold defective
products in the past is not necessarily defamatory. Much depends on the
context and circumstances. But to say that a company or person has
deliberately or knowingly sold defective products is quite a different matter.
Whilst the evidence as to what was said could have been clearer, on balance, I
do not accept that the words spoken, in their ordinary and natural meaning,
bear the meaning that the 2nd Plaintiff _caused_ the 1st Plaintiff to sell
defective products. There certainly is no basis in the evidence for me to find
that the 2nd Defendant said or uttered words that the 2nd Plaintiff had
knowingly, deliberately, dishonestly or unscrupulously caused the 1st
Plaintiff to sell defective products. As such, I find that the words spoken by
the 2nd Defendant in relation to what customers had allegedly said about the
1st Plaintiff’s defective products are not defamatory. To be clear, I do find
that the 2nd Defendant stated that the 1st Plaintiff had sold defective
television sets and DVD players and/or that some players had problems. On
balance, I am not satisfied, however, that the words were defamatory in the
circumstances. Electrical goods may be defective or have problems for many
reasons. In any case, I note that there is some evidence which supports the
2nd Defendant’s claim that some of the television sets indeed had problems or
were defective.

Defences

Justification

380 A defamatory statement is presumed to be false. The burden of proof falls
upon the defendant to plead and show that the defamatory statement is true.
The meaning that must be proven true is that which the relevant statement is
held to bear. The defence will not succeed if a materially less serious
meaning is proven to be true. In short, it is the imputation contained in the
words which has to be justified, not the literal truth of the words: _Chan
Cheng Wah_ at [43].

381 That said, it is established law that the defendant need only prove the
"sting" of the charge. In this way, the law provides some leeway for
exaggeration and error. The Court of Appeal in _Chan Cheng Wah_ at [44]
accepted the following position laid down by Burrough J in _Edwards v Bell_
(1824) 1 Bing 403 at 409:

... it is sufficient if the substance of the libellous statement be justified;
it is unnecessary to repeat every word which might have been the subject of
the original comment. As much must be justified as meets the sting of the
charge, and if anything be contained in a charge which does not add to the
sting of it, that need not be justified.

382 In the case of the statements concerning the sale of defective DVD players
and television sets, I have decided (see above) that no defamatory meaning has
been established. Justification is therefore not relevant. However, I note in
passing that at least for the television sets, there is evidence that a
consignment of televisions sold by the 1st Plaintiff to TSA (a trade buyer
from Cameroon and a witness for the defendants) was defective.[note: 124]
There is however no evidence that the DVD players sold to the 1st Plaintiff’s
customers were defective or had problems. Given the lack of certainty as to
what exactly was said, I am of the view that the 2nd Defendant has justified
the gravamen of the statement in any event.

383 In the case of the statements bearing the defamatory meaning that the 2nd
Plaintiff is a cheat and was dishonest, the 2nd Defendant’s defence of
justification is based on facts that arose a long time back when the 2nd
Plaintiff and the 2nd Defendant were partners at S H Econ. It will be recalled
that disputes between the brothers arose over invoices and accounts of S H
Econ. By around 2005, the relationship between the 2nd Plaintiff and the 2nd
Defendant had deteriorated to such a degree that the 2nd Defendant brought a
lawsuit in connection with the Shop Houses purchased by the 2nd Defendant and
SLQ (another brother) and for an account of monies due to the partners from
the S H Econ business. The lawsuit commenced by the 2nd Defendant against the
2nd Plaintiff and SLQ in 2007 was settled before trial. The S H Econ
partnership was then subsequently terminated (although the date of termination
is unclear). It will also be recalled that the 2nd Defendant claims that the
business of selling new (as opposed to second-hand) products, or more
specifically, “SINGSUNG” products, was started before the S H Econ partnership
was terminated.

384 Under cross-examination, the 2nd Defendant accepted that in the settlement
agreement, there was no mention of the 2nd Defendant having any rights in or
connected with the business of the 1st Plaintiff.[note: 125] The 2nd
Defendant’s explanation of this in cross-examination was hard to follow. On
balance, it appears that his main point was that he had no choice but to
accept that he had no interest in the business of the 1st Plaintiff because
the family was upset by the dispute and wanted the parties to move on.[note:
126]

385 As I have explained at [315] of this judgment, I accept that the 1st
Plaintiff’s business belongs entirely to the 2nd Plaintiff. It has never
belonged (even in part) to the S H Econ partnership. As such, in my view,
there is no basis in the evidence for calling the 2nd Plaintiff a cheat, or
accusing him of dishonesty. The “negative experience” which the 2nd Defendant
had from his time in the S H Econ partnership with the 2nd Plaintiff does not
come close to justifying the defamatory sting of his words. The defence of
justification therefore fails.

Qualified privilege

386 The learned authors of _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ at para 13.061
state that qualified privilege may arise in one or more of the following
cases:

(a) where the defendant has an interest or duty to communicate information and
the recipient has the corresponding interest or duty to receive the
information (“the Interest-Duty Limb”);

(b) where the defendant makes a statement with a view to protecting his or her
self-interests; or

(c) where the supposed defamatory statements are fair and accurate reports of
parliamentary and judicial proceedings.

387 In _Chan Cheng Wah_ , the Court of Appeal (at [86]) accepted the following
explanation of the defence of qualified privilege as found in a previous
edition of _Gatley on Libel & Slander_ (Patrick Milmo & W V H Rogers eds)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2008) at para 14.1:

There are circumstances in which, on grounds of public policy and convenience,
less compelling than those which give rise to absolute privilege, a person may
yet, without incurring liability for defamation, make statements of fact about
another which are defamatory and in fact untrue. These are cases of qualified
privilege ... For a very long time these cases primarily concerned
communications of a 'private' nature, commonly arising out of the necessities
of some existing relationship between the maker of the statement and the
recipient. Protection was granted if the statement was 'fairly warranted by
the occasion' (that is to say, fell within the scope of the purpose for which
the law grants the privilege) and so long as it was not shown by the person
defamed that the statement was made with malice, i.e. with some indirect or
improper motive, which was typically established by proof that the defendant
knew the statement to be untrue, or was recklessly indifferent as to its truth
...

388 In the present case, the qualified privilege defence pleaded relates to
the Interest-Duty Limb described at [386(a)] above. Qualified privilege under
this limb arises when it can be shown that the defendant has an interest or
duty, whether legal, social or moral, to communicate the information, and the
recipient has the corresponding interest or duty to receive the information:
_The Law of Torts in Singapore_ at para 13.063.

389 Reciprocity of duty (between the communicator of the defamatory article
and the recipient) is essential. In _Bashford v Information Australia
(Newsletters) Pty Ltd_ (2004) 204 ALR 193 (“ _Bashford_ ”), the High Court of
Australia stated at [63] that:

... the court must consider all the circumstances and ask whether  _this_
publisher had a duty to publish or an interest in publishing  _this_
defamatory communication to  _this_ recipient. It does not ask whether the
communication is for the common convenience and welfare of society. It does
not, for example, ask whether it is for the common convenience and welfare of
society to report that an employee has a criminal conviction. Instead, it asks
whether this publisher had a duty to inform this recipient that the latter's
employee had been convicted of a particular offence and whether this recipient
had an interest in receiving this information. That will depend on all the
circumstances of the case. **Depending on those circumstances, for example,
there may be no corresponding duty and interest where the conviction occurred
many years ago or where it could not possibly affect the employment.**

[emphasis added in bold]

390 The defence of qualified privilege is defeated by malice. Malice arises
where it is shown that the defendant made the communication notwithstanding
that he knows that the statement is false or is reckless as to the truth of
the statement. Malice will also arise where the defendant has a genuine or
honest belief in the truth of the statement but makes the statement for
improper motives or purposes falling outside the occasion of qualified
privilege. In many cases this will involve showing that the defendant made the
statement for the dominant purpose of injuring the plaintiff: _Lim Eng Hock
Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another and another appeal_ [2010] 4 SLR 331 at [38].
The burden of showing malice falls on the plaintiff.

391 In the present case, I am of the view that the defence of qualified
privilege fails for the two reasons:

(a) First, I do not find that the 2nd Defendant has an interest or duty to
communicate the information to GEN, who had no sufficient interest to receive
this information.

(b) Second, I find that the 2nd Defendant made the statements with malice.

392 On the first point, whilst qualified privilege may arise under the
Interest-Duty Limb even if the recipient did not request for the information,
the court must examine the importance of the interest to be protected, the
urgency of the communication, and the nature of the relationship between the
“defamer” and the recipient. In particular, the court should consider whether
it is a relationship founded on trust and reliance: _Gatley_ at para 14.34.

393 In the present case, by no stretch of the imagination can it be said that
the relationship between the 2nd Defendant and GEN is founded on trust or
reliance. In my view, based on the evidence, the 2nd Defendant was keen to
develop a business relationship with GEN. GEN is merely a potential customer
making enquiries as to the defendants’ products. There was no sufficient
existing relationship of trust and reliance (or any other sort of
relationship) between the 2nd Defendant and GEN to ground a finding of
qualified privilege under the Interest-Duty Limb. The 2nd Defendant cannot be
said to have had an interest or duty to communicate the defamatory information
to GEN.

394 Moreover, I do not think that there is a sufficiently important interest
to be protected, or any urgency in communicating the information, such as to
privilege the defamatory communications. The statement that the 2nd Plaintiff
(his competitor) was an “Ali Baba man” who had cheated him (or behaved
dishonestly) related to old events which were long settled. The statements
were uttered by the 2nd Defendant over the course of three meetings he had
with GEN in late September/early October 2011\. Viewed broadly, the
discussions were in the context of possible business dealings between the 2nd
Defendant and GEN.[note: 127] By this time, the events which led to the
partnership breakup and the dispute over the S H Econ accounts were many years
old. The law suit commenced by the 2nd Defendant (OS 1652/2007) was settled in
2008, with both parties agreeing to go their separate ways. In view of the
above, I find that GEN did not have any important interest in knowing about
the 2nd Plaintiff’s alleged dishonest behaviour which took place so long ago
(see _Bashford_ at [63], quoted at [389] above). Moreover, given GEN had been
dealing with the 2nd Plaintiff without issue for quite a while already, there
is no plausible case that there was any urgency in communicating what the 2nd
Defendant communicated to GEN.

395 Secondly, I find in any case that 2nd Defendant made the defamatory
statements with malice. This defeats the possibility of raising the defence of
qualified privilege.

396 Even if the 2nd Defendant genuinely believed that he was cheated by his
brother and former business partner, there has been no finding on this and the
evidence before me of cheating as opposed to a bitter dispute over accounts is
thin. Moreover, the events occurred many years past and were settled. At most,
the 2nd Defendant might have explained that he was a former partner of the 2nd
Plaintiff and that the partnership had broken up over a business dispute over
accounts. To go on to assert that the 2nd Plaintiff is a cheat and an “Ali
Baba Man” or a “big Ali Baba man”, _etc_ , strongly suggests an intention to
injure the 2nd Plaintiff for reasons of personal spite. The fact that GEN
continued to do business with the 2nd Plaintiff and did not change his own
view of the 2nd Plaintiff is not a defence.[note: 128]

397 For the reasons above, I find that the defence of qualified privilege
fails.

Conclusion on the claim for defamation

398 It follows that the claim for defamation succeeds in respect of the
statements that the 2nd Defendant made, referred to at [373(a)], [373(b)] and
[373(d)]. Whilst the 2nd Plaintiff submits that this is a case where
aggravated damages are to be awarded, it is my judgment that this is not an
appropriate case for the award of aggravated damages. Given the background of
the dispute, the fact that the statements were oral, the very limited scope of
the circulation, and the fact that GEN did not change his view of the 2nd
Plaintiff and continued to do business with him, I am of the view that normal
compensatory damages are sufficient recompense for the injury to reputation.

399 In any case, I note that the action has been bifurcated. Thus, I say no
more other than that damages are to be assessed at a later date.

The counterclaim for malicious falsehood

400 According to the defendants, sometime in or around 2010, the 2nd Plaintiff
obtained a DVD player distributed and sold by the 1st Defendant.[note: 129]
The defendants claim that the 2nd Plaintiff dismantled the DVD player in the
presence of customers of both parties, pointed to some internal parts and
components, and remarked that they were of “poor quality.” This is the factual
basis upon which the defendants’ counterclaim for malicious falsehood rests.

401 The tort of malicious or injurious falsehood, whilst related to
defamation, is governed by its own set of principles. Some of these principles
are similar to those that govern the tort of defamation, but there are key
differences.

402 The principles governing the tort of malicious falsehood are found in the
common law as well as s 6(1) of the Defamation Act (Cap 75, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the
DA”).

403 Under common law, to succeed in a claim for malicious falsehood, the
plaintiff must prove that:

(a) the defendant published to third parties words which are false;

(b) the words refer to the plaintiff or his property or his business;

(c) the words were published maliciously; and

(d) special damage has followed as a direct and natural result of their
publication.

See _WBG Network (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Meridian Life International Pte Ltd and
others_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 727 at [68], approved by the Court of Appeal in _Low
Tuck Kwong v Sukamto Sia_ [2014] 1 SLR 639 at [102].

404 Section 6(1) of the DA sets out the circumstances in which it is _not
necessary to plead and prove special damages_ in an action for malicious
falsehood:

**Slander of title, etc.**

**6.** —(1) In any action for slander of title, slander of goods or other
malicious falsehood, it shall not be necessary to allege or prove special
damage —

(_a_) if the words upon which the action is founded are calculated to cause
pecuniary damage to the plaintiff and are published in writing or other
permanent form; or

(b) if the said words are calculated to cause pecuniary damage to the
plaintiff in respect of any office, profession, calling, trade or business
held or carried on by him at the time of the publication.

405 Whilst the disparaging statement does not have to identify the plaintiff
personally, there must be a sufficient (even if indirect) reference to him or
his interests. Moreover, the authorities clearly establish that under the tort
of malicious falsehood, the _claimant_ bears the burden of establishing the
falsity of the statement: _DHKW Marketing and another v Nature’s Farm Pte Ltd_
[1998] 3 SLR(R) 774 at [28]; _Challenger Technologies Pte Ltd v Dennison
Transoceanic Corp_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 618 at [68]. Indeed, this is a key
difference between the tort of malicious falsehood and defamation.

406 In support of their submission that it is the 2nd Plaintiff who must prove
the truth of his statement, the defendants rely on the earlier case _Sin Heak
Hin Pte Ltd and another v Yuasa Battery Singapore Co Pte Ltd_ [1995] 3 SLR(R)
123 (“ _Yuasa_ ”). In _Yuasa_ , the plaintiff’s action for malicious falsehood
succeeded in respect of the defendant’s statements that the plaintiff’s
“Yuasa” branded batteries were “illegal imitations” and that the defendant
would not be responsible for the quality of the imitation batteries. After
stating its finding that the plaintiff’s batteries were authentic “Yuasa”
batteries, the court held (at [73]) that:

... In relation to quality, there is the additional point that the defendant
had not put the batteries which it said were the plaintiffs' batteries through
any form of test to ascertain their quality. Therefore the aspersion on the
quality of these batteries which appeared in the circular had no basis in
fact.

407 This is the crucial passage upon which the defendants rely. With respect
to learned counsel’s submissions, in my view, the court in _Yuasa_ was not
holding that the burden of proof was on the defendant to establish the truth
of its statements. The finding in respect to the quality disparagement in that
case must be seen in the context of the main allegation that the plaintiff’s
batteries were imitation Yuasa batteries. The court found on the facts that
the batteries were indeed genuine, and not imitations. The plaintiff had
already discharged its burden of proving _prima facie_ that the statements
were false; the ball was hence in the defendant’s court to prove otherwise. In
these circumstances, it is likely that the court was merely holding that the
_evidential_ burden shifted onto the defendant to justify its quality
allegations. Indeed, my interpretation is strengthened by the fact that the
above statements made by the learned judge at [73] was preceded by her clear
holding at [70] that the burden was on the plaintiff to prove that the
defendant’s statement was false.

408 In addition, I note that malice is an element of liability under the tort
of malicious falsehood, rather than a matter that defeats certain defences
such as qualified privilege and fair comment in the tort of defamation.

409 Coming to the defendants’ counterclaim for malicious falsehood, the
critical issues that have to be decided in the present case are:

(a) whether and what statements were uttered;

(b) whether the statements are false;

(c) whether the statements were uttered maliciously; and

(d) whether special damage arose as a result.

410 I first consider the evidence on the statements uttered by the 2nd
Plaintiff about the 1st Defendant’s products. In his affidavit of evidence-in-
chief (“AEIC”), the 2nd Plaintiff admitted that he had dismantled samples of
the 1st Defendant’s products. This was said to have been done out of
curiosity. Subsequently, under cross-examination, the 2nd Plaintiff denied
dismantling the DVD player in the presence of customers and making the comment
that certain components were of inferior quality.

411 The chief witness for the 1st Defendant on this issue was its customer
from Cameroon, TSA. In his AEIC, TSA stated that he had personally witnessed
the 2nd Plaintiff dismantling the 1st Defendant’s DVD player. Under cross-
examination, the witness explained that the 2nd Plaintiff dismantled the DVD
player at the 1st Plaintiff’s office. In my view, the evidence as to what
exactly happened is confusing. It is not clear who was present when the 2nd
Plaintiff allegedly disparaged the 1st Defendant’s goods, nor is it clear the
number of occasions on which this took place.

412 What is clear is that in 2010, TSA visited Singapore with the intention of
looking for business in connection with television sets.[note: 130] The 2nd
Plaintiff met the witness at the airport, and brought to the 1st Plaintiff’s
office, where he stayed for about two weeks.[note: 131] It was during this
visit that the witness saw dismantled DVD players on the 2nd Plaintiff’s desk,
and heard the 2nd Plaintiff comment on the poor quality of some of the
internal components. When asked if he could recall what the components were
and the words actually used by the 2nd Plaintiff, the witness, whose oral
evidence was given in French, stated that he could try to recall the words
spoken by the 2nd Plaintiff in English. The witness then explained in (broken)
English:[note: 132]

... It---the two DVD supposed on top of the table of [the 2nd Plaintiff]. When
I arrived in the morning, he say, er, er, [TSA], see, my brother the follow me
---my brother follow my product. You see, this one is LS1, the lousy one. This
one is, er, Singsung … He make, er, er, er, cheap---cheaper---and---and I
don’t know how to explain in English. He make a, er, halo---halo one. The one
with no good. It one buy DVD in some market, you must check very well. You
can’t see the cable. It’s different until open. Load the memory card, you see,
Its not the same, This one is---Singsung is strong one. This one is, er, er,
er, not strong one. You see the eyes, it’s different. But he don’t speak
English very well ...

413 It is apparent that neither the 2nd Plaintiff nor TSA spoke English well,
and that there was significant room for miscommunication. Nevertheless, I am
satisfied that the evidence on the whole supports the view that the 2nd
Plaintiff had indeed dismantled a DVD player and made comments on the “lousy
quality” of some of the component parts. Other comments made were to the
effect that some of the components were cheaper and that the 1st Plaintiff’s
product was stronger. On balance, I accept that the 2nd Plaintiff did utter
the words complained of to TSA. Whether other customers were present is much
less clear and I make no finding in this respect.

414 I note that in his AEIC,[note: 133] the 2nd Plaintiff attempted to justify
his comments about the 1st Defendant’s products. In particular, he explained
that when he dismantled the 1st Defendant’s DVD player he found that the
remote control sensors were not as sensitive as those used in the 1st
Plaintiff’s DVD player, and the audio and video cables were thinner, less
durable and likely to result in more image loss. He also asserted that because
the 1st Defendant used lower quality raw materials, its production costs were
lower. Whilst the 2nd Plaintiff’s analysis of the 1st Defendant’s DVD player
was quite clearly set out in some detail in his AEIC, it does not appear that
the specific words of analysis offered to the court in the AEIC are the words
that were uttered to TSA. I accept that what is important is the truth of the
_substance_ of what was said to TSA; the fact that the 2nd Plaintiff did not
use exactly the same words and phrases may not matter. Nevertheless, the
evidence as to what the 2nd Plaintiff said to TSA (as described above) leads
me to the conclusion that the substance of what was actually said to and
understood by TSA was that the 1st Defendant’s DVD component parts (or some
parts) were cheaper, “lousy” and not as strong.

415 In any case, as I previously stated, the law clearly establishes that the
burden lies on the defendants in this case (the claimants in the counterclaim)
to prove that the 2nd Plaintiff’s statements are false. Therein lies the
difficulty that the defendants face. I note that there is no evidence before
the court on whether the 2nd Plaintiff’s statements are false. Indeed, the
question arises as to how the truth or falsity of statements such as “this is
the lousy one” (in comparison to another product) is to be determined in an
objective manner. Moreover, the question also arises as to whether the
recipient of the information (TSA in this case) took the 2nd Plaintiff
seriously given the context his statement was made in (that is, as a
competitor trying to sell his products and win customers).

416 These difficulties bring out an important point. The tort of malicious
falsehood is not intended to, and cannot, serve as a vehicle for testing the
relative merits of competing products in the market place. It is for this
reason that the law is cautious where a complaint arises in the context of
comparative advertising. A distinction must be drawn between mere puff and
statements that are intended to be taken seriously and whose truth and falsity
can be objectively assessed. A statement that Brand X (infant food) is more
nutritious and healthier than Brand Y begs the question: in what sense and
will this statement be taken seriously? In _Timothy White v Gustav Mellin_
[1895] AC 154, Lord Herschell LC found (at 160) that the advertisement in
question was puffing, perhaps extreme puffing. Even so, the action failed.
Malicious falsehood cannot be founded on an allegation that one product or
service is superior to or better than another. If the law were otherwise, the
court’s decision would effectively become a judicial endorsement of a
particular brand or product in the market place.

417 The position is different where the statement is specific and objectively
provable to be either true or false. In such a case, a reasonable man may well
be of the view that the statement is meant to be taken seriously. For example,
in _De Beers Abrasive Products Ltd and others v International General Electric
Co of New York Ltd and another_ [1975] 1 WLR 972, the defendant circulated a
pamphlet comparing in great detail the respective performance of the
plaintiff’s and the defendant’s diamond-abrasive product. The pamphlet claimed
to set out “laboratory developments” and the “application laboratory’s
comparative studies” of the two products. It concludes that the plaintiff’s
product was inferior based on certain “tests”. In these circumstances, the
court found that a case for malicious falsehood might be made out because of
the way the pamphlet was dressed up. The court’s reasoning at 981H­–982B is
worth setting out:

... It appears to me that, where the interested parties are presented with
what purports to be a proper scientific test, properly carried out by the
‘application laboratory’—whatever that is—they must be intended by the persons
who furnished them with this information to take it all very seriously indeed.
Such a report framed as the present report is framed cannot be dismissed in
any way as a mere idle puff. It may well be of course that that is all in fact
it is; but, if so, then the defendants have only themselves to blame for
having dressed up a stupid old moke as a thoroughbred Arabian stallion.

If traders take the time and trouble to dress up their advertising material in
this manner, then I think they must stand by it; and, if it contains, as in
the case here, statements in disparagement of the plaintiffs' goods and if,
further, on investigation those statements prove to be false and the plaintiff
can show malice, the precise constituents of which for present purposes I
think it is better not to investigate, it appears to me that they must answer
for it.

418 In summary, it can be seen that whether or not a reasonable person will
treat the statement seriously depends on the _nature of the statement_
(especially whether it appears to be reasonably provable as true or false) and
the _circumstances in which it is made_. To be clear, the question as to
whether a statement is objectively provable as true or false is distinct from
the question whether a reasonable person will take the statement seriously.
Even so, the fact that there did not appear to be reasonable grounds for an
objective determination must at the least be an important factor in deciding
how the reasonable person is likely to regard the statement. In the present
case, statements were made by the 2nd Plaintiff during the course of what is
perhaps best described as a general, broad-brush, “one-to-one comparison.” The
statements when uttered were not supported by any material setting out an
independent analysis of the price, strength or quality of the components.

419 In these circumstances, I have great difficulty in coming to the
conclusion that a reasonable person would take the 2nd Plaintiff’s statements
seriously. Leaving aside the uncertainty over what was actually said, I am of
the view that the reasonable person would regard the statements recounted by
TSA as mere puffing.

420 In any event, even if a different view is formed, the action still fails
because there is no evidence supporting the allegation that the claims were
false. Indeed, even at trial, there was no independent evidence or analysis of
the quality of the 1st Defendant’s DVD players. The word “lousy” is defined in
_The New Oxford Dictionary of English_ as including the meaning “very poor or
bad”. That said, the word “lousy” is generally used informally. In what sense
were the components “lousy”? What does it mean to say that the component in
Brand A is stronger than the component in Brand B? Whilst the statement that
the 1st Defendant’s component parts are cheaper than the 1st Plaintiff’s is
capable of being objectively proven true or false, no such evidence was before
the court. Thus, even if the 2nd Plaintiff did cast a specific disparagement
on the remote control sensors, there is no evidence before me on the truth or
falsity of the disparagement.

421 For these reasons, I find that the counterclaim for malicious falsehood
fails. In these circumstances, it is unnecessary to determine whether the
words were uttered maliciously.

The counterclaim for groundless threats of copyright infringement proceedings

422 The defendants’ counterclaim under s 200 of the CA for the making of a
groundless threat to sue for copyright infringement is based on a letter sent
by the plaintiffs’ solicitors on or about 11 April 2011 to the defendants. In
the said letter, the plaintiffs’ solicitors demanded that the defendants cease
and desist from their alleged infringement of the 1st Plaintiff’s copyright in
the White Get-Up Picture, the Blue Get-Up Picture, the television sticker, the
“Rotary Rotatory” logo, and the floral pattern on the rice cooker.

423 Section 200 of the CA provides:

**Groundless threats of legal proceedings**

**200.** —(1) Where a person, by means of circulars, advertisements or
otherwise, threatens a person with an action or proceeding in respect of an
infringement of copyright, then, whether the person making the threats is or
is not the owner of the copyright or an exclusive licensee, a person aggrieved
may bring an action against the first-mentioned person and may —

(_a_) obtain a declaration to the effect that the threats are unjustifiable;

(_b_) obtain an injunction against the continuance of the threats; and

(_c_) recover such damages, if any, as he has sustained,

unless the first-mentioned person satisfies the court that the acts in respect
of which the action or proceeding was threatened constituted, or, if done,
would constitute, an infringement of copyright.

(2) The mere notification of the existence of a copyright does not constitute
a threat of an action or proceeding within the meaning of this section.

(3) Nothing in this section shall render an advocate and solicitor liable to
an action under this section in respect of an act done by him in his
professional capacity on behalf of a client.

(4) The defendant in an action under this section may apply, by way of
counterclaim, for relief to which he would be entitled in a separate action in
respect of an infringement by the plaintiff of the copyright to which the
threats relate and, in any such case, the provisions of this Act with respect
to an action for infringement of a copyright are, with the necessary
modifications, applicable in relation to the action.

424 From the above, it seems that once a claim for copyright infringement
fails, the “successful” defendant will have a _prima facie_ claim under s 200
of the CA for groundless threats of copyright infringement proceedings,
assuming such threats were previously made. Earlier, I held that the
plaintiffs’ claims for copyright infringement failed, save that the
defendants’ use of stickers similar to the 1st Plaintiff’s stickers on the
second order of television sets imported into Singapore constitutes one
instance of copyright infringement. I therefore find that the counterclaim
under s 200 of the CA succeeds save for the counterclaim in respect of the
sticker and the second order of television sets. The defendants are entitled
to the relief prayed for in the counterclaim (save in respect of the stickers
on the second order of television sets).

425 I note that the plaintiffs have not sought to argue that the counterclaim
under s 200 of the CA is defeated because the threat was made in good faith
with an honest belief that the act complained of amounted to an infringement
of copyright. Australian case law in this context is generally against a
defence based on good faith and an honest belief: see _SW Hart & Co Pty Ltd v
Edwards Hot Water Systems_ (1980) 30 ALR 657 and _Avel Pty Ltd v Multicoin
Amusements Pty Ltd_ (1990) 97 ALR 19. Whilst it is not necessary for me to
decide this point because it was not pleaded, I note that the language of s
200 of the CA supports the view that the _only defence_ available to a
defendant who threatens copyright infringement proceedings is proof that the
other party _actually_ infringed his copyright (or would infringe if the act
was done).

Overall Conclusion

426 For the reasons discussed above, my overall conclusion is as follows:

(a) The plaintiffs’ claim for passing off fails in its entirety.

(b) The plaintiffs’ claims for copyright infringement fails, save for the
claim in respect of the stickers on the second order of television sets from
the Chinese manufacturer. Damages or an account of profits (at the plaintiffs’
election) are to be assessed for the copyright infringement.

(c) The 2nd Plaintiff’s claim for defamation succeeds. Damages are also to be
assessed in respect of the defamation.

(d) The 1st Defendant’s counterclaim for malicious falsehood fails.

(e) The defendants’ counterclaim for groundless threats of copyright
proceedings succeeds, save in the case of the stickers on the second order of
television sets.

427 In addition, the court grants the defendants the following reliefs:

(a) A declaration that the threat of legal proceedings against the defendants
for copyright infringement by the 1st Plaintiff are unjustifiable, save in the
case of the claim made in respect of the stickers on the second order of
television sets.

(b) An injunction to restrain the plaintiffs from continuing or further making
such threats, save in the case of the claim made in respect of the television
stickers on the second order of television sets.

(c) Damages to be assessed.

428 Unless costs are agreed, I shall hear the parties on costs.

429 The history behind the dispute goes back many years and has resulted in
several rounds of litigation. The present hearing lasted 16 days and covered a
broad range of issues in intellectual and industrial property and defamation.
Some of the issues on passing off are relatively new in Singapore. The heart
of the dispute concerned the African market (especially Cameroon market) for
household electrical products. On all accounts that market has proven
lucrative. The evidence is clear that well-known South Korean and Japanese
brands compete in that market. The parties have chosen to enter the African
market (and elsewhere) with products made in China and supplied to wholesale
buyers from Africa under the brand names they have chosen, SINGSUNG and LS.
The parties’ products are sold with statements that the goods were made in
Singapore, and in some cases, with Singapore quality marks. Whilst some
features may cause a raised eyebrow, no issue was raised before me in respect
of the parties’ business models. I therefore make no further comment.

430 Given the somewhat peculiar nature of the dispute and the substantial
issues of fact and law that have arisen, as well as the detailed arguments
presented by counsel, the court expresses its gratitude to counsel for the
courtesy and respect shown during the course of the hearing and the
submissions.

Appendix: Glossary of Terms

Abbreviation |  Reference  
---|---  
S H Econ |  S H Econ Electrical Trading, original partnership between the 2nd Plaintiff and the 2nd Defendant which has since been dissolved  
2nd Plaintiff |  See Lam Huat  
2nd Defendant |  See Lam Seng   
SLQ |  See Lam Quee, brother of the 2nd Plaintiff and 2nd Defendant  
1st Plaintiff |  Singsung Pte Ltd  
1st Defendant |  LG26 Electronics Pte Ltd (trading as L S Electrical Trading)  
ODM |  Original design manufacturers  
OEM |  Original equipment manufacturers  
HBY |  Huang Bao Yu, marketing representative from the Chinese manufacturer that supplied blenders to the plaintiffs  
SEC |  Serena Chew Wanlin, employee of the 1st Plaintiff   
GEN |  Guy Emmanuel Ntoudam, trade buyer from the Republic of Cameroon  
CYX |  Cheng Yongxiu, employee of the 1st Plaintiff  
DL |  Dong Li, employee of the 1st Defendant  
SNH |  See Nam Hai, brother of the 2nd Plaintiff and 2nd Defendant  
TSA |  Talla Simplice Adolphe, trade buyer from the Republic of Cameroon  
PTH |  Phang Ti Hui, Singapore businessman who visited the ODMs in China with the 2nd Defendant  
DVD A |  The 1st Plaintiff’s DVD Player Model A  
DVD B |  The 1st Plaintiff’s DVD Player Model B  
SINGSUNG Get-Up |  The get-up and packaging of the 1st Plaintiff’s products that the plaintiffs claim generate goodwill  
  
  

* * *

[note: 1]2nd Defendant’s AEIC at [7], [10]; 2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [25].

[note: 2]2nd Defendant’s AEIC at [10]; 2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [38].

[note: 3]2nd Defendant’s AEIC at [10].

[note: 4]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [25].

[note: 5]2nd Defendant’s AEIC at [11].

[note: 6]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [39].

[note: 7]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [40].

[note: 8]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [37].

[note: 9]2nd Defendant’s AEIC at [13]–[15]; 2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [27]–[29];
NE Day 1 page 39 lines 18–24.

[note: 10]2nd Defendant’s AEIC at [16]; 2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [61].

[note: 11]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [65].

[note: 12]2nd Defendant’s AEIC at [10]; 2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [62];
Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at [12].

[note: 13]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [4].

[note: 14]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at [13].

[note: 15]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [5].

[note: 16]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [5].

[note: 17]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [58], [73].

[note: 18]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [73].

[note: 19]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [103]–[118].

[note: 20]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [119]–[125].

[note: 21]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [102].

[note: 22]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [94]–[96].

[note: 23]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at [104].

[note: 24]2nd Defendant’s AEIC at [22], [29].

[note: 25]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at [105(c)].

[note: 26]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [58], [70]; 2nd Defendant’s AEIC at [8].

[note: 27]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at [49].

[note: 28]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at [130]–[135].

[note: 29]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [82], [98].

[note: 30]2nd Defendant’s AEIC at [96]–[99].

[note: 31]NE Day 1 page 13 lines 19–26.

[note: 32]GEN’s AEIC at [11]–[16]; NE Day 5 page 13 lines 2–24.

[note: 33]NE Day 14 page 54 lines 23–28.

[note: 34]NE Day 15 page 10 lines 5–32.

[note: 35]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at [14A].

[note: 36]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at [23E].

[note: 37]NE Day 11 page 42 lines 25–32.

[note: 38]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at [16]–[22].

[note: 39]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at [13].

[note: 40]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at [14].

[note: 41]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at [27]–[27A].

[note: 42]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at [39].

[note: 43]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at [109].

[note: 44]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at [130].

[note: 45]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at [140].

[note: 46]GEN’s AEIC at [11]–[17].

[note: 47]NE Day 5 page 21 line 23–page 23 line 9.

[note: 48]NE Day 14 page 51 line 26–page 52 line 1, page 53 line 12.

[note: 49]NE Day 14 page 54 lines 23–24.

[note: 50]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [106]–[108].

[note: 51]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [106].

[note: 52]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at [8], Annex B.

[note: 53]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at [78(b)]; NE Day 3 page 38 lines
16–21; NE Day 4 page 16 lines 6–12, page 18 lines 4–21, page 21 lines 13–14.

[note: 54]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [116].

[note: 55]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [116].

[note: 56]NE Day 3 page 33 lines 16–20.

[note: 57]NE Day 3 page 34 lines 3–7.

[note: 58]NE Day 6 page 32 lines 10–15, page 33 line 23–page 34 line 32.

[note: 59]NE Day 3 page 42 lines 22–26.

[note: 60]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [85]–[91].

[note: 61]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at Exhibits SLH-12 to SLH-15.

[note: 62]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [109]; CYX’s AEIC at [17]; NE Day 2 page 57
line 26–page 58 line 5.

[note: 63]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [107]–[108]; CYX’s AEIC at [14]–[16].

[note: 64]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at [6]–[8]; 2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC
at [101]–[102].

[note: 65]NE Day 3 page 5 lines 22–32.

[note: 66]NE Day 3 Page 8 line 7–page 9 line 21.

[note: 67]NE Day 3 page 17 lines 17–20.

[note: 68]NE Day 9 page 53 line 9–page 54 line 27.

[note: 69]NE Day 9 page 57 lines 3–16.

[note: 70]NE Day 9 Page 54 line 31–page 55 line 6.

[note: 71]NE Day 13 page 9 line 26–page 50 line 18.

[note: 72]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at [35]; CYX’s AEIC at [25].

[note: 73]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [122].

[note: 74]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [127].

[note: 75]NE Day 7 page 34 lines 27–29.

[note: 76]NE Day 7 page 44 lines 6–8.

[note: 77]NE Day 7 page 44 lines 9–18.

[note: 78]NE Day 7 page 40 lines 1–10.

[note: 79]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [136].

[note: 80]NE Day 7 page 74 line 30–page 75 line 11.

[note: 81]Plaintiffs’ Closing submissions at [46]–[56].

[note: 82]Plaintiffs’ Closing submissions at [74]–[88].

[note: 83]NE Day 2 page 45 lines 1–11.

[note: 84]NE Day 2 page 46 lines 3–12, page 48 line 25–page 50 line 11.

[note: 85]CYX’s AEIC at [15]–[21].

[note: 86]CYX’s AEIC at page 310.

[note: 87]NE Day 2 page 50 lines 24–31.

[note: 88]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at Annex A.

[note: 89]NE Day 9 page 27 line 20–page 28 line 11.

[note: 90]NE Day 1 page 41 line 30–page 43 line 23.

[note: 91]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at Annex B.

[note: 92]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at [160]; Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 3) at [17], [30].

[note: 93]NE Day 3 page 34 lines 13–20.

[note: 94]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [117].

[note: 95]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at [363]–[365].

[note: 96]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at [162].

[note: 97]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at [18]–[19].

[note: 98]NE Day 4 page 58 lines 17–32.

[note: 99]NE Day 4 page 59 lines 7–9.

[note: 100]NE Day 4 page 64 lines 13–29.

[note: 101]NE Day 4 page 56 lines 24–25.

[note: 102]NE Day 4 page 36 lines 20–28.

[note: 103]NE Day 10 page 34 lines 17–20; NE Day 13 page 10 lines 20–29.

[note: 104]NE Day 10 page 36 lines 23–26.

[note: 105]NE Day 10 page 40 lines 6–10.

[note: 106]NE Day 10 page 41 line 32–page 42 line 3.

[note: 107]NE Day 10 page 43 lines 26–31.

[note: 108]NE Day 10 page 48 line 30–page 51 line 31.

[note: 109]NE Day 10 page 48 lines 10–16.

[note: 110]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [162]

[note: 111]NE Day 13 page 14 line 31–page 15 line 2.

[note: 112]NE Day 10 page 52 lines 12–30.

[note: 113]NE Day 10 page 55 line 19–page 56 line 11.

[note: 114]NE Day 13 page 15 lines 6–31.

[note: 115]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at [12].

[note: 116]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [127]; NE Day 7 page 32 lines 24–31.

[note: 117]NE Day 2 page 57 line 26–page 58 line 5.

[note: 118]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at [41].

[note: 119]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at [23(f)], [23(h)],
[23(j)].

[note: 120]GEN’s AEIC at GEN-2, which contains GEN’s Statutory Declaration
made on 31 October 2011.

[note: 121]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at [176], [212].

[note: 122]Defendants’ Closing Submissions at [403]

[note: 123]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at [23(f)], [23(h)].

[note: 124]NE Day 14 page 62 line 27–page 63 line 5.

[note: 125]NE Day 9 page 19 lines 6–10.

[note: 126]NE Day 9 page 17 line 29–page 18 line 7.

[note: 127]GEN’s AEIC at GEN-2, which contains GEN’s Statutory Declaration
made on 31 October 2011.

[note: 128]NE Day 6 page 31 line 21–page 32 line 9.

[note: 129]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) at [44].

[note: 130]NE Day 15 page 3 line 14–21.

[note: 131]NE Day 15 page 15 lines 5–24, page 16 lines 16–20.

[note: 132]NE Day 15 page 73 lines 12–22.

[note: 133]2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC at [213].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 May 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

