Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Chin Hoon and others _v_ Tan Choo Suan (in her personal capacity and
as executrix of the estate of Tan Kiam Toen, deceased) and others and other
matters  
[2015] SGHC 306

Case Number| :| Suit No 570 of 2010, Suit No 170 of 2011 and Originating
Summons No 921 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 November 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Molly Lim SC, Philip Ling and Kam Kai Qi (Wong Tan &
Molly Lim LLC) for the first and second plaintiffs and for the first and
second defendants (by counterclaim) in S570, for the first, second, third and
fourth plaintiffs in S170; Michael Khoo SC, Josephine Low and Ong Lee Woei
(Michael Khoo & Partners) for the third plaintiff and for the third defendant
(by counterclaim) in S570; Lee Eng Beng SC, Lai Yew Fei, Alec Tan and Lee Hui
Yi (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the first defendant and for the first
plaintiff (by counterclaim) in S570, for the defendant in S170, for the first
defendant in OS921; Thio Shen Yi SC (instructed) and Edwin Sim (Lexton Law
Corporation) for the second defendant and for the second plaintiff (by
counterclaim) in S570, for the second defendant in OS921; Sim Chong (JLC
Advisors LLP) for the third defendant in S570, for the third defendant in
OS921; Lok Vi Ming SC and Melissa Thng (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the fourth
defendant (by counterclaim) in S570, for the first, second, third and fourth
plaintiffs in OS921.  
Parties| :|  1.TAN CHIN HOON — 2.TAN CHOO PIN — 3.TAN YOK KOON — 4.TAN CHOO
HOON @ TAN CHENG GAY — 1.TAN CHOO SUAN (sued in her personal capacity and as
executrix of the estate of Tan Kiam Toen, deceased) — 2.NG GIOK OH — 3.AFRO-
ASIA SHIPPING COMPANY (PRIVATE) LIMITED — 4.AFRO-ASIA INTERNATIONAL
ENTERPRISES PTE LIMITED  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeals to this decision in Civil Appeal Nos 90
and 91 of 2015 were allowed while the appeals in Civil Appeal Nos 92 and 93 of
2015 were allowed in part and the appeal in Civil Appeal No 95 of 2015 was
dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 21 February 2017. See [2017] SGCA 13.]

27 November 2015|  
---|---  
  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 Mr Tan Kiam Toen was the patriarch of the Tan family. He passed away on 15
November 2008, at the age of 89,[note: 1] leaving behind his widow and their
five adult children. By that time, the Tan family had amassed considerable
wealth through the business acumen and the efforts of Mr Tan and his family.

2 The disposition of Mr Tan’s estate is governed by a will which he executed
in Hong Kong jointly with his wife on 6 February 2008 (“the Joint Will”). The
Joint Will bequeathed the bulk of the couple’s estate ultimately to
charity.[note: 2] The Joint Will also set out the couple’s express wish that
their descendants “should respect each other and live in harmony, and that no
dispute or litigation should arise regarding [their] residuary estate”. Mr
Tan’s wish was not to be.

3 As is sadly typical of many cases involving a family business, the
patriarch’s death was followed by a split in the family. Mr Tan’s youngest
four children find themselves ranged against his widow and his eldest child.
Litigation commenced in 2010 and spawned yet more litigation in 2011 and 2012.
In all, there are now three sets of proceedings between the two sides. And
there are now a slew of hotly-contested appeals and cross-appeals yet to come.

4 The essence of the litigation before me is that Mr Tan’s youngest four
children claim that they own in equity certain assets which are now owned at
law either by Mr Tan’s widow or by his eldest child. Mr Tan’s widow claims
that the assets to which she holds legal title are her property absolutely. Mr
Tan’s eldest child claims that the bulk of the assets to which she holds legal
title belong in equity only to Mr Tan and therefore fall to be distributed
ultimately to charity under the Joint Will.

5 Much of the difficulty in this case results from the simple fact that, quite
understandably, participants in a family business repose a high degree of
trust in each other which leads to a high degree of informality in their
dealings. They often do not state explicitly, whether orally or in writing,
the reasons and objectives underlying their dealings. They often do not
document, or do not document in full, their dealings. They often do not
distinguish between personal assets, family assets and business assets in
their dealings. They often do not apply their minds to the proprietary
consequences of their dealings. This is true even of families which have the
means and the foresight to secure the best legal advice when dealing with
strangers. The Tan family is no exception.

6 The fact remains that every dealing in property carries a set of proprietary
consequences in law. Determining these proprietary consequences is largely,
though not exclusively, a matter of ascertaining the parties’ subjective
intentions at the time of the dealing. I now have the difficult task of
disentangling the proprietary consequences of a number of dealings between the
parties at a distance of many years, indeed decades. That task is made all the
more complicated by the inevitable temptation for the parties to put before me
self-serving testimony as to their own subjective intention as well as the
intentions of others involved in the dealings, framed with the benefit of
hindsight and tailored to fit the forensic case which they now seek to
advance.

Dramatis personae

7 I start by introducing the members of the Tan family. For convenience (not
least because the family includes four Mr Tans and two Ms Tans) and without
intending any disrespect, I shall refer in this judgment to the members of the
Tan family by their initials. I will therefore refer to Mr Tan Kiam Toen as
“TKT”. I will refer to his widow, Mdm Ng Giok Oh, as “NGO”.[note: 3]

8 The couple’s five children comprise three sons and two daughters.[note: 4]
In order of birth, they are:[note: 5]

(a) Dr Tan Choo Suan (“TCS”), born in 1944;

(b) Mr Tan Choo Hoon @ Tan Cheng Gay (“TCG”), born in 1947;

(c) Mr Tan Yok Koon (“TYK”), born in 1948;

(d) Ms Tan Choo Pin (“TCP”), born in 1950; and

(e) Mr Tan Chin Hoon (“TCH”), born in 1951.

TCS is a party to these proceedings both in her personal capacity and in her
capacity as the sole executrix and trustee of TKT’s estate under the Joint
Will.

Procedural history

9 The trial of the parties’ actions commenced in 2011. During the trial, on 19
July 2011, the parties reached an oral agreement to compromise their disputes
(“the Compromise”).[note: 6] TCS, given her status as the sole executrix and
trustee of TKT’s estate, insisted that the approval of the Attorney-General
(“the AG”) be a condition precedent (“the Condition Precedent”) to the
Compromise. She took this position because: (i) the Compromise was a major
deviation from TKT’s intent as expressed in the Joint Will, which was to
bequeath the bulk of his estate ultimately to charity and specifically to
exclude TKT’s children as beneficiaries; (ii) TCS was afraid that her
agreement to the Compromise would expose her to claims by disappointed
charities because the Compromise operated to deprive the charitable
beneficiaries under the Joint Will of a substantial proportion of TKT’s
estate; and (iii) the AG is, at common law, the guardian of charities in
Singapore and could evaluate objectively whether the Compromise was ultimately
in the interests of at least the Singapore charities.[note: 7]

10 As a result of the Compromise, the trial was adjourned to give the parties
an opportunity to reduce the Compromise to writing and execute it, and to
fulfil the Condition Precedent. Although the parties drew up a 13-point heads
of agreement recording the Compromise on 19 July 2011 itself,[note: 8] the
parties ultimately failed to agree on how to embody the Compromise in a formal
and written settlement agreement. It is therefore common ground that the
Compromise remains a purely oral agreement[note: 9] with the 13-point heads of
agreement being merely evidence in writing of its terms.

11 The parties liaised with each other until November 2011 in an effort to
reduce the Compromise to writing. Starting in November 2011, the parties
abandoned that effort and entered into a correspondence with the AG to fulfil
the Condition Precedent. In July 2012, the AG declined to grant his
consent.[note: 10] The Condition Precedent was and remains unfulfilled.

12 The parties therefore returned to court in April 2013 to resume the trial.

Summary of the three matters

13 A brief summary of the proceedings before me is now appropriate. There are
three sets of proceedings before me: Suit 570 of 2010 (“S570”), Suit 170 of
2011 (“S170”) and Originating Summons 921 of 2012 (“OS921”).

S570: the main action

14 The main action before me is S570. TYK, TCP and TCH commenced S570 in 2010
against NGO and TCS. In S570, the plaintiffs seek declarations that they are
the owners in equity of certain assets. TCG is not a plaintiff in S570. That
is because, according to TCG, he had no desire to sue his own mother. But TCS
and NGO brought a counterclaim in S570 and joined TCG to it as the fourth
defendant to their counterclaim.[note: 11] TCG has therefore had to enter the
fray, and has done so on the side of his younger siblings.

15 TCS’s and NGO’s counterclaim seeks declarations which are essentially to
the opposite effect of those which the plaintiffs seek. They seek a
determination that none of the assets which the plaintiffs claim in S570
belong in equity to the plaintiffs but instead belong ultimately either to TKT
or to NGO.

16 Throughout this judgment, I will refer to TYK, TCP, TCH and TCG
collectively as the plaintiffs, even though TCG is not technically a plaintiff
in S570. I will also refer throughout this judgment to TCS and NGO
collectively as the defendants, even though a family company is also a
defendant in S570 and two family companies are defendants in OS921.

17 Four groups of assets are the subject-matter of S570. These assets are as
follows:

(a) 2.54m shares in Afro-Asia Shipping Company (Private) Limited (“AAS”) now
registered in TCS’s name (“the AAS Shares”), comprising 47.78% of its issued
and paid up share capital.[note: 12]

(b) 2.66m shares in AAS now registered in NGO’s name, comprising exactly 50%
of its issued and paid up share capital. Because this block of shares was
transferred to NGO by another family known as “the Bajumi family”, I will
refer to these shares as “the Bajumi Shares”.

(c) 1.75m shares in Afro-Asia International Enterprises Pte Limited (“AAIE”)
now registered in TCS’s name, comprising 35% of its issued and paid up share
capital, (“the AAIE Shares”).

(d) Funds from various Tan family sources which the family entrusted to TCS
over time and which the plaintiffs refer to collectively as the “Tan family
funds”.

18 Additionally, it appears from the plaintiffs’ closing submissions that they
also assert in S570 a claim to 1.419m shares in EnGro Corporation Limited
(“EnGro”) which are now registered in TCS’s name (“the 1.419m EnGro shares”).
This claim does not appear in the plaintiffs’ pleadings.

S170: the Katong Property

19 The plaintiffs commenced S170 in 2011 against TCS as the only defendant.
The sole subject-matter of this second action is a property registered in
TCS’s name located at 2 East Coast Terrace (“the Katong Property”).

20 TKT purchased the Katong Property on 31 January 1952 and registered it in
NGO’s name.[note: 13] In 1974, NGO transferred it to TCS. TCS has been its
registered owner without interruption from 1974 to the present day.

21 In S170, the plaintiffs claim to be the owners in equity of the Katong
Property. TCS resists that claim.

OS921: the Compromise

22 OS921 is the last of the three proceedings before me. The plaintiffs
commenced OS921 in 2012 against TCS, NGO and two Tan family companies. The
purpose of OS921 is to uphold the Compromise as binding on the parties, even
though the AG has declined to give his consent to it, and even though the
Condition Precedent is therefore unfulfilled.

23 In OS921, the plaintiffs seek substantive relief under four heads:

(a) First, a declaration that the Compromise represented a binding, full and
final settlement of the disputes in S570 and S170.[note: 14]

(b) Second, an order rectifying the Compromise by removing the Condition
Precedent on the grounds that it was included by reason of a common or a
unilateral mistake;[note: 15] and (ii) an order that the defendants
specifically perform their obligations under the Compromise so
rectified.[note: 16]

(c) Third and in the alternative: (i) a declaration that the defendants are
estopped by TCS’s allegedly wrongful conduct – as evidenced by her letters to
the AG – from asserting that the Condition Precedent has not been
fulfilled;[note: 17] and (ii) an order for specific performance of the
Compromise.[note: 18]

(d) Finally, and in the further alternative, an order that TCS pay damages to
the plaintiffs arising from her breach of the Compromise.[note: 19]

24 I heard OS921 immediately before the trial in S570 and S170 was set to
resume. After a five-day hearing, I dismissed the plaintiffs’ prayers to
rectify the Compromise and for specific performance of the Compromise as
rectified. Given that my decision to dismiss these prayers is not the subject
of any appeal, I need not dwell too long on the reasons for my decision. It
suffices to say that I found that the Compromise contained all the elements
necessary for a contract: _ie_ , offer, acceptance, and consideration; and
that the Condition Precedent qualified the performance of the Compromise and
not its formation. I therefore held that the Compromise was valid and binding
on all parties, but that the parties were under no obligations as to
performance if the Condition Precedent were not fulfilled. Further, I did not
accept that the plaintiffs were entitled to the remedy of rectification
because I did not accept that the parties were operating under a common
mistake or that the plaintiffs were operating under a unilateral mistake as
regards the Condition Precedent. This was simply a case where the plaintiffs
had agreed to the Condition Precedent because they anticipated, wrongly as it
turned out, that the AG would consent to the Compromise. In any event, I could
not see how the remedy of rectification – which is available only for
instruments in writing embodying a preceding oral agreement – could
conceivably be available for an oral agreement which was never embodied in
writing. There was therefore no basis whatsoever for equitable intervention.

25 As for the remaining heads of relief in OS921, my view was that a decision
on those heads depended on findings of fact and that I could not make those
findings safely unless the parties’ evidence was tested by cross-examination.
I therefore deferred my decision on the remainder of OS921 to allow the
parties an opportunity to cross-examine their opponents on their affidavits.
That cross-examination took place in the course of the trial in S570 and S170.

Overview of my decision

26 Having heard the parties’ evidence and considered their submissions, I have
given the following decision on the three matters before me:

(a) I have dismissed the remainder of OS921. In my view, the Compromise came
to an end without any liability on any party when the AG declined to give his
consent. Consequently, the parties are left to the rights underlying the
Compromise, which are to be determined in S570 and S170.

(b) In S570, I have largely allowed the plaintiffs’ claims and dismissed the
defendants’ counterclaims.

(c) In S170, I have dismissed the plaintiffs’ claim and allowed TCS’s
counterclaim.

27 The parties have filed a series of seven appeals and cross-appeals against
my decision in S570 and OS921. My decision in S170 is not subject to appeal.
For completeness, however, I shall give my grounds in respect of S170 as well.

28 I start by setting out the facts. These facts are either agreed or
represent my findings on the disputed facts.

Background facts

TKT’s history

29 The best place to begin is with the history of the patriarch.

30 TKT was born in 1919 into a humble family in a poor village in China. His
parents died early, forcing him to survive on earnings from odd jobs that came
his way.[note: 20] In 1935, he decided to leave China for Indonesia to seek
refuge from war and to find a livelihood. Despite a lack of formal education,
TKT was resourceful enough eventually to set up his own factory in Indonesia
selling soya sauce.[note: 21]

31 In 1943, TKT married NGO. A year later, TCS was born. The family of three
moved to Singapore. TKT continued to run his business in Indonesia from
Singapore.[note: 22] In the 1950s, TKT moved the focus of his business from
Indonesia to Singapore. He traded and exported commodities through a sole-
proprietorship called Thai Lee & Company (“Thai Lee”).[note: 23] At the same
time, he ventured successfully into other fields.[note: 24]

AAS

The Tan family’s shareholdings in AAS

32 By the end of the 1950s, TKT had accumulated substantial wealth. In 1961,
he incorporated AAS as a vehicle for his considerable enterprise.[note: 25]

33 AAS is of great significance to the Tan family. It is the family company.
It is where all of TKT’s children, with the exception of TCS, channelled their
ambition and efforts and worked directly or indirectly for the most part of
their lives. Shares in AAS are two of the four groups of assets which form the
subject-matter of S570 (see [17] above). It is, for that reason, important to
trace the family members’ shareholding in AAS.

34 TKT incorporated AAS with an initial paid-up capital of $2m. He owned AAS
through two nominees[note: 26] who each held 50% of AAS for him. TKT’s two
nominees were also directors of AAS together with TKT. But there is no doubt
that TKT was AAS’s sole owner and its sole decision-maker. Sometime in 1962,
AAS allotted and issued 380 shares to NGO, again as TKT’s nominee. Later that
same year, NGO acting on the instructions of TKT, transferred these 380 shares
to TKT.[note: 27]

35 In 1965, AAS purchased the Nanyang Siang Pau Building at 63 Robinson Road
and renamed it the Afro-Asia Building (“AAB”). AAS continues to own AAB to
this day. Its value, of course, has increased by many multiples.

36 In March 1967, TKT bought two other properties, No 9 and 11 Cluny Park Road
(“the Cluny Park Properties”).[note: 28] TKT used AAS as his vehicle for this
purchase and drew the necessary funds from his other business, Thai Lee.

37 By the mid-1960s, TKT had appointed NGO a director of AAS. In 1966 or 1967,
TKT’s two nominees resigned as directors[note: 29] and transferred all their
shares to NGO. After this transfer, TKT held 380 shares and NGO held 20 shares
in AAS.[note: 30] TKT and NGO held all the shares in AAS in this way until
1968. NGO’s position is that she held these 20 shares on trust for TKT.[note:
31]

TKT brings his children in as shareholders of AAS

38 In 1968, TKT caused AAS to allot and issue 40 new shares to each of his
five children for a stated consideration of $1,000 per share.[note: 32] TKT’s
children were still young in 1968, with TCS being only 24. In fact, most of
his children were not even aware then that TKT had given them shares in
AAS.[note: 33] It is common ground that none of TKT’s children gave any
consideration whatsoever for these shares.[note: 34] TKT drew the capital for
these shares from Thai Lee.[note: 35] The plaintiffs’ position is that each of
them became the absolute owner of the 40 shares vested in them in 1968. The
defendants’ position is that each of the plaintiffs and TCS held these 40
shares each on trust for TKT.

39 Bajumi Wahab, the patriarch of the Bajumi family, was at this time a close
friend and business associate of TKT. TKT vested 300 shares of AAS in Asma,
Bajumi Wahab’s eldest daughter.[note: 36] The plaintiffs’ position is that
Asma became the absolute owner of these shares, and that this signified the
beginning of a business cooperation between the Tan family and the Bajumi
family. The defendants, however, assert that even Asma held these 300 shares
on trust for TKT.

40 In October 1973, TKT caused AAS to issue bonus shares. The result was that
the number of shares in AAS increased six-fold, from 900 to 5400. Each child’s
40 shares in AAS correspondingly became 240 shares.[note: 37]

The Tan family members’ involvement in AAS

41 The evidence shows that TKT, as a typical patriarch, had a strong desire
that the Tan family keep control of the Tan family business and ownership of
Tan family assets. This desire manifested itself in the high expectations he
had for all of his children – but especially his sons – to come into the
family business. With one notable exception, all of TKT’s children fulfilled
TKT’s expectations. That notable exception was TCS.

(1) TCS

42 TCS graduated with a degree in Mathematics and Economics in 1969.[note: 38]
Although TKT initially brought her in to work for AAS and even appointed her a
director of AAS in October 1973, she opted to leave AAS and Singapore in 1974
to continue her studies overseas.[note: 39] After earning a doctorate and
working in Australia, she relocated to the United States where she worked in
the World Bank for about a decade.[note: 40] In 1993, she moved to Hong
Kong.[note: 41] Sometime in 1974, after she had left Singapore, TKT instructed
her to step down as a director of AAS. As TCS acknowledges, TKT was
disappointed, at least in the early years, that TCS was the only child
unwilling to channel her ambition and effort into the family business.

(2) TCG

43 As the eldest son of a traditional patriarch, TKT saw it as TCG’s duty to
carry the family name and the family business forward. TCG therefore felt the
considerable weight of TKT’s expectation that he would go into the family
business.[note: 42]

44 TCG did not, however, comply immediately with TKT’s wishes. After earning a
degree in engineering from King’s College London, he started work with General
Electric (USA) Consumer Electronics Pte Ltd (“GE”).[note: 43] This was in many
ways his dream job. GE was then one of the most prestigious firms in the world
for an engineer to work for.

45 In order not to disappoint TKT, however, TCG eventually deferred to his
father’s wishes. He left GE in October 1973. TKT appointed him a director and
an employee of AAS. TKT promised TCG that he would have the opportunity to
develop his own business ventures with the backing of AAS. From 1995 until TCS
replaced him in 2004, TCG held office as chairman of AAS.[note: 44]

46 TCG’s evidence is that he is primarily responsible for the steady growth in
the Tan family business over the past 40 years, _ie_ since TKT withdrew from
active participation in management. I accept his evidence. His contributions
have come both through his work in AAS, primarily from 1973 to 1994, and from
his work in EnGro from 1973 to the present day.[note: 45]

(3) TYK

47 Like TCG, TYK also initially followed a path away from the family business.
He graduated with a law degree from King’s College London in 1971.[note: 46]
He qualified as a barrister in England a year later in 1972. In 1974, he
earned a Masters in Business Administration from Columbia University.

48 At TKT’s request, TYK returned to Singapore in 1974. TKT appointed TYK a
director of AAS and wanted him to come into the family business. TYK, however,
wanted to practise law. After completing his pupillage with two leading firms,
he was called to the bar. But even while TYK was serving his pupillage, TKT
would summon him to do work for AAS.[note: 47]

49 TYK began practice as an advocate and a solicitor in a sole proprietorship,
Tan Yok Koon & Co, operating from Thai Lee’s premises.[note: 48] But he ended
up spending much of his time helping TKT to run Thai Lee, AAS and the other
family businesses.

50 TYK eventually set aside his legal ambitions to focus exclusively on the
family business.

(4) TCP

51 TCP returned to Singapore in 1973 with a degree in Chemistry from the
University of York. TKT started TCP off working in AAS and in AAS’s
subsidiary, Oil Mills Factory Pte Ltd.[note: 49] TKT appointed her the company
secretary of AAS in 1973[note: 50] and a director of AAS in 1974.[note: 51]
TCP’s primary role in AAS was to oversee the maintenance of AAB. TCP worked in
AAS from 1973 until 2010. Her relationship with AAS came to an end when TCS
terminated TCP’s employment and removed her from office in 2010.

(5) TCH

52 TKT’s youngest child, TCH, was less academically inclined than his
siblings. TKT brought TCH into the family business immediately after he
completed his secondary school education in 1970.[note: 52] He started TCH off
in AAS doing odd jobs. TCH left AAS from 1974 to 1976 to pursue his studies
overseas.

53 After TCH returned to Singapore in 1976, TKT appointed him the General
Manager of AAS. In 1977, TKT appointed him a director of AAS. In 1997, TCH
became the managing director of AAS. As AAS’s managing director, TCH oversaw
the business, affairs and operations of AAS as well as those of its
subsidiaries and related companies.[note: 53]

54 At TCS’s instigation, AAS’s board of directors removed TCH as AAS’s
managing director in 2007[note: 54] (see [119] below) and appointed TCS in his
place. TCS removed TCH from office entirely in 2010.[note: 55]

(6) NGO

55 Just as TKT was, over the years, the archetypal patriarch of a business
family, NGO was over the years the typical matriarch. By all accounts, she
discharged her role with equal distinction. Although TKT made NGO a director
of AAS as early as 1962, he did not involve her in the Tan family business or
in AAS.[note: 56] NGO resigned as a director of AAS in 1981.[note: 57]

TKT withdraws from active role in AAS

56 By the mid-1970s, TKT had withdrawn from an active role in AAS. In late
1974, TKT and NGO moved from Singapore to live permanently in Hong Kong. The
parties dispute the reason for this move. They also dispute the degree of
control which TKT exercised over the company thereafter. It is clear to me
that from the time he left Singapore, TKT left the day-to-day running of AAS
to the plaintiffs. However, it is also clear to me that the plaintiffs
continued to consult TKT on major decisions and continued to permit him, as
the patriarch, to have a say in its affairs. But I find that they did this
because they felt a moral obligation to TKT rooted in their respect for him as
their father and as the founder of AAS, and not because they acknowledged any
legal obligation to do so.

57 In March 1985, TKT resigned as a director of AAS.[note: 58]

TKT transfers shares to his sons

58 At the beginning of 1975, TKT’s five children each held 240 shares in AAS.
In March 1975, TKT transferred 190 shares each to TCG and TYK.[note: 59]

59 In the same year, TKT made four transfers of a total of 2,440 shares in AAS
to the Bajumi family. As a result of these transfers, the Bajumi family’s
shareholding in AAS increased from 33.3% to 67.4%.[note: 60]

60 Between 1979 and 1981, to equalise the two family’s shareholdings in AAS, a
substantial number of shares from the Bajumi family were transferred to TKT’s
three sons.[note: 61] The consideration for the transfers once again came from
Thai Lee.[note: 62] These transfers can be summarised as follows:[note: 63]

(a) In 1979, Bajumi Wahab transferred 80 shares to each of TCG, TYK and TCH
for a consideration of $100,000 for each transfer.

(b) In 1980, Asma transferred 130 shares each to TCG and TYK for a
consideration of $169,000 for each transfer.

(c) Also in 1980, Asma transferred 140 shares to TCH for a consideration of
$182,000.

(d) In 1981, Asma transferred 100 shares to each of TCG, TYK and TCH for a
consideration of $130,000 for each transfer.

61 The result is that, by 1981, the Tan family and the Bajumi family each
owned exactly half of AAS’s shares. Although the defendants’ position is that
the Bajumis initially held shares in AAS as nominees of TKT, they too agree
that by 1981, the Bajumi family owned their half of the shares in AAS
absolutely.[note: 64]

62 As AAS grew, there were other changes to its capital structure. In 1981 and
1983, AAS declared bonus shares. In 1984, AAS reduced its capital and, at the
same time, issued a further 1.75m bonus shares.[note: 65]

63 In 1985, after TKT had stepped down as a director of AAS, he transferred
all 19,710 shares in his name to TCH. The transfer was recorded to be for a
consideration of $394,200.[note: 66] The source of this consideration and the
circumstances surrounding this transfer are disputed by parties. I deal with
this at [222] – [226] below.

64 The result of all of the foregoing transactions was that in 1985, the
shareholding in AAS was as follows:[note: 67]

Shareholder  |  Number of shares |  Percentage of shareholding  
---|---|---  
NGO |  39,420 |  2.22%  
TCS |  78,840 |  4.44%  
TCG |  243,090 |  13.70%  
TYK |  243,090 |  13.70%  
TCP |  78,840 |  4.44%  
TCH |  203,670 |  11.48%  
Bajumi family |  886,950 |  50.00%  
**Total** |  **1,773,900** |  **100.00%**  
  
  

65 The plaintiffs’ position is that each Tan family shareholder in 1985 was
the absolute owner of the shares of AAS registered in his or her name as set
out in the table above. All of the subsequent transfers of shares in AAS, they
say, conveyed only a bare legal title to the transferee leaving the
transferor’s beneficial interest unchanged. The remedy which the plaintiffs
seek in respect of the AAS shares in S570, therefore, is to restore their
respective shareholdings in AAS to where they stood in 1985, subject to the
necessary adjustments to account for changes in its capital structure since
then.

66 It is therefore necessary now to trace these subsequent transfers.

The AAS Shares

67 Between 1986 and 2008, four transfers of shares in AAS took place. The
result of these transfers is that TCS became the sole registered shareholder
of about 43.3% of AAS. Part of the dispute in S570 is over the proprietary
consequences of these transfers. TCS’s position is that these shares were held
by the transferors on trust for TKT and were therefore held by her on trust
for TKT.

68 The first transfer took place in 1986. Just before he left Singapore for
the United States to pursue business opportunities, TYK transferred all
243,090 of his shares in AAS into the joint names of TCS and TCG. It is common
ground that neither TCS nor TCG provided any consideration for the
transfer.[note: 68] Even though he no longer held any AAS shares, TYK
continued to hold office as a director of AAS. TYK returned to Singapore from
the United States only in 1995.

69 The second transfer took place almost four years later, in 1990. TCH
transferred all 203,670 of his shares in AAS into the joint names of TCS and
TCG.[note: 69] Again, TCS and TCG provided no consideration for the transfer.

70 In 1994, AAS issued two bonus shares for every one share held by every
registered shareholder.[note: 70] As a result, each registered shareholder
ended up with three times the number of shares previously held. That exercise
obviously had no change in each shareholder’s percentage of the total shares
in AAS. Following these transfers and the bonus issue of shares in 1994, TCG
held 729,270 shares in his sole name and TCS and TCG held 1,340,280 shares in
their joint names.

71 The third transfer took place in 1997. By three transfers, TCG transferred
all of his shares in AAS to TCS, TYK and TCH.[note: 71] Again, none of the
transferees provided any consideration for these transfers. The specific
transfers were:

(a) TCG transferred 727,270 shares held in TCG’s sole name to TCS;

(b) TCG transferred 1,000 shares held in TCG’s sole name to TYK;

(c) TCG transferred 1,000 shares held in TCG’s sole name to TCH; and

(d) TCG transferred 1,340,280 shares held in TCG’s and TCS’s joint names to
TCS alone.[note: 72]

The purpose of TCG’s transfer of 1,000 shares each to TYK and TCH was to
confer on the transferees the status of shareholders in AAS[note: 73] in
connection with the litigation between the Bajumi family and the Tan family
over AAS, amongst other things (see [78] – [80] below).

72 As a result of all these transfers, AAS’s register of members in 1997 stood
radically transformed from 1985. The Bajumis and the Tan family continued to
hold 50% of the total share capital each. But the biggest registered
shareholder from the Tan family was now TCS. She held a total of 2,304,070
shares, representing about 43.3% of AAS.[note: 74] NGO, TCP, TYK and TCH held
the remaining Tan family shares, representing only about 6.7% of AAS. TCG held
no shares in AAS at all.

73 The fourth transfer took place more than a decade later, in 2008. TCP
transferred all 236,520 of her shares in AAS to TCS. Again the transfer was
for no consideration. Indeed, the contemporaneous records state expressly that
the transfer was by way of gift.[note: 75]

74 Although the other members of the Tan family did not know it at the time,
TCP executed a statutory declaration a day before the transfer. In the
statutory declaration, she declared that the transfer of the shares to TCS as
a gift was null and void.[note: 76] On 30 November 2009, as the dispute which
has led to these proceedings was brewing, TCP demanded that TCS return these
shares to her.[note: 77] TCS has not complied with this demand. These shares
form part of TCP’s claim in S570.

75 Apart from these four transfers of shares in AAS between the siblings,
there are three other transfers that I should mention. First, in 2004, in
circumstances to which I will come, the Bajumi family transferred their 50% of
AAS to NGO. Second, in 2006, TYK transferred to TCS the 1,000 shares which TCG
had transferred to him in 1997.[note: 78] Finally, in 2008, TCH transferred to
TCS the 1,000 shares which TCG had transferred to him in 1997.

76 Since 2008, as a result of all of these transfers, NGO and TCS have been
the only two shareholders in AAS. NGO holds 52.22% of AAS and TCS holds 47.78%
of AAS.[note: 79]

The Bajumi Shares

77 The plaintiffs also lay claim in S570 to the 50% shareholding in AAS which
the Bajumi family transferred to NGO in 2004. I therefore move on to
recounting the facts relating to the Bajumi Shares.

Relationship between the families frays

78 Towards the end of 1994, relations between the Bajumi family and the Tan
family began to fray. The dispute began over the ownership of a company called
PT Bumi Rambang Kramajaya (“PT BRK”). PT BRK was a company incorporated in
Indonesia for the purpose of investing in a rubber plantation.[note: 80] AAS
held 40% of the shares in PT BRK, TCS held 10% of the shares and the Bajumi
family held the remaining 50%.[note: 81] The rubber plantation proved to be a
very lucrative investment. The relationship between the two families became
strained when Bajumi Wahab took the position that PT BRK belonged solely to
the Bajumi family.[note: 82] The dispute came to a head in 1995 when the Tan
family voted not to re-elect two of Bajumi Wahab’s sons as directors of AAS at
the company’s Annual General Meeting.[note: 83]

79 In 1996, the Bajumi family brought winding up and minority oppression
proceedings against AAS and the Tan family. I will refer to these proceedings
as the “Bajumi litigation”. In the Bajumi litigation, the Bajumi family sought
an order to wind up AAS and to transfer the Indonesian rubber plantation to
them.[note: 84]

The DBS Term Loan

80 The Bajumi litigation was finally settled in 2004 by an agreement recorded
in a consent order.[note: 85] As a result of the settlement, the Tan family
paid $7.6m to the Bajumi family to acquire their 50% shareholding in AAS.

81 The parties disagree on who should rightly be regarded as the ultimate
source of the $7.6m consideration for the Bajumi Shares. What is clear is that
the immediate source of the $7.6m was a term loan in that amount in 2004 from
the Development Bank of Singapore (“DBS”). I will refer to this as the “DBS
Term Loan”. Only four members of the Tan family – NGO, TCS, TCP and TCH – are
recorded as the borrowers of the DBS Term Loan.[note: 86]

82 As security for the DBS Term Loan, DBS took a mortgage over the Katong
Property and a charge over a cash deposit of US$2.8m placed by TCS with
DBS.[note: 87] The funds for this cash deposit came from a loan taken by
Balmain Industries Limited (“Balmain”), another Tan family vehicle, from the
Hong Kong branch of Barclays Bank (“the US$2.8m Balmain deposit”). The
directors of Balmain were TKT, NGO and TCS. After Barclays released the
proceeds of the US$2.8m loan to TCS’s account with DBS, she placed that sum on
fixed deposit with DBS.

83 DBS debited the monthly interest on the DBS Term Loan from a joint account
with DBS held by TCS and TCH.[note: 88] The parties refer to this joint
account as the “No 2 Account” because the rent from the Katong Property (_ie_
, No 2 East Coast Terrace) was deposited into this account.

84 In 2005, TCS arranged for a total of $7.66m to be paid to DBS in order to
discharge in full the DBS Term Loan. This sum comprised the US$2.8m Balmain
deposit together with dividends which AAS had declared a few days
earlier.[note: 89]

Transfer of the Bajumi Shares to NGO

85 About a month after the settlement of the Bajumi litigation, TKT called a
family meeting (“the 2004 Family Meeting”).[note: 90] Although TKT was no
longer a shareholder or a director of AAS, his children continued to respect
him as their father and as the founder of AAS. They therefore attended the
2004 Family Meeting.

86 The parties dispute what was agreed at the 2004 Family Meeting. But it is
undisputed that, as a result of that meeting, the Bajumi family transferred
the Bajumi Shares (_ie_ , 50% of the shares in AAS) to NGO in 2004.[note: 91]
Taken with her existing shareholding of 2.22% in AAS, NGO thereby became (and
remains) the registered owner of 52.22% of AAS.

87 The dispute between the parties is whether NGO holds these shares
absolutely or on trust for the Tan family members.

The 2005 Trust Deed in favour of TCS

88 On 31 May 2005, NGO executed a trust deed in favour of TCS (“the 2005 Trust
Deed”).[note: 92] In the 2005 Trust Deed, NGO declared that she held the
Bajumi Shares on trust for TCS. TCS’s position, however, is that NGO owns the
Bajumi Shares absolutely.[note: 93] TCS therefore renounced all her right to
and interest in the Bajumi Shares in 2010, shortly before S570 commenced.

The 2002 and 2003 AAS Shareholder Loans

89 The proceeds of sale of the Cluny Park Properties (“the Cluny Park
Proceeds”) feature in the plaintiff’s claim as a component of what they have
called the Tan family funds in which they claim an equitable interest. I
therefore now recount the facts relating to the Cluny Park Proceeds.

90 The Tan family had always been concerned that the Bajumi family would use
their 50% shareholding in AAS to lay claim to the Cluny Park Properties or to
the Cluny Park Proceeds, even though neither the Bajumi family nor AAS had
contributed to the purchase of the properties. In 1992, TKT procured a written
declaration from the Bajumi family acknowledging that they had no interest in
the Cluny Park Properties. Despite this acknowledgment, as the relations
between the two families deteriorated, TKT’s concern increased. To ensure that
there was no way for the Bajumi family to claim a stake in the Cluny Park
Proceeds, the Tan family decided to take the Cluny Park Proceeds out of AAS
through shareholders’ loans.

91 In early 2002, AAS remitted just under $39m, comprising the Cluny Park
Proceeds, to TCS’s personal bank accounts in Hong Kong.[note: 94] I shall
refer to this remittance as the “2002 AAS Shareholder Loans”. Thereafter,
sometime in the last quarter of 2003, AAS remitted a further sum of US$2.35m
(approximately $4.04m) ultimately to TCS’s personal bank accounts in Hong
Kong.[note: 95] I will refer to this as the “2003 AAS Shareholder Loans”.

92 AAS recorded both these remittances as loans extended to each Tan family
shareholder of AAS in proportion to that Tan family shareholder’s percentage
of the Tan family’s total block of shares in AAS at that time, __ie__ ,
ignoring for this purpose the 50% of AAS owned by the Bajumis.[note: 96] NGO,
TCS, TYK, TCP and TCH were thereby recorded as debtors of AAS. TKT and TCG,
who did not own any shares in AAS at that time, were not recorded as debtors
of AAS.

93 TCS held the proceeds of the two shareholders’ loans and used them from
time to time in accordance with TKT’s directions. Thus, for example, she used
part of this money to purchase the EnGro shares which AAIE now holds (see
[103] below).

94 By the end of 2008, the 2002 AAS Shareholder Loans and the 2003 AAS
Shareholder Loans had been substantially paid down.[note: 97] This was
achieved by a combination of methods.[note: 98] Between 2005 and 2008, AAS
declared four rounds of dividends. TCS received the Tan family’s dividends and
used them to pay down the shareholders’ loans. Further, in 2005, TCS remitted
part of the unused proceeds of the two shareholders’ loans to the accounts of
her siblings, who then remitted the money to AAS to pay down the debt to AAS.
This exercise was repeated six times.

95 AAS’s accounts for the year ended 31 December 2009 reflect that the
shareholders’ loans owed by TYK, TCP and TCH had been repaid in full and that
NGO owed AAS slightly over $1.37m while TCS owed AAS slightly over $13m.[note:
99]

EnGro and AAIE

96 I move on to the facts relating to EnGro and AAIE.

EnGro

97 Shares in EnGro feature directly or indirectly in the plaintiffs’ claims in
S570 in three ways. First, Engro shares are the only substantial asset of
AAIE. The plaintiffs claim that they own in equity the bulk of TCS’s shares in
AAIE and therefore indirectly the bulk of AAIE’s EnGro shares. Second, TCS is
the registered owner of 1.419m Engro shares. The plaintiffs also claim to own
in equity the bulk of TCS’s shares in EnGro. Finally, a substantial part of
AAS’s assets continues to be the shares it owned in EnGro and which it did not
transfer to the Bajumis as part of the settlement of the Bajmi litigation (see
[80] above).

98 EnGro is a listed company. TCG has spent virtually his entire working life
in EnGro. He is today its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. TCS’s case is
that TKT, and not TCG, was responsible for establishing EnGro and developing
its business. I do not accept that. TCG, and to a lesser extent TYK, were
instrumental in establishing EnGro and in developing its business.

99 Engro started life in 1973 as a tripartite joint venture between Ssangyong
Cement Industrial Company Limited (“Ssangyong”), AAS and DBS.[note: 100] TCG
and an officer of DBS were its two subscribing shareholders.[note: 101]

100 In 1975, AAS appointed TCG as its representative in EnGro. A few years
later, TYK began his involvement in EnGro’s business.[note: 102] The two
brothers were subsequently appointed directors of EnGro.[note: 103]

101 In 1982, TCG was appointed EnGro’s Chief Executive Officer and in 2002, he
was appointed Chairman. As I have mentioned, he continues to hold both
positions to the present day.[note: 104]

AAIE’s EnGro shares

102 I move on to AAIE. AAIE is a pure investment holding company. TCS and TCP
are each the registered owners of 1.75m shares in AAIE which together
comprises 70% of its issued and paid up share capital.[note: 105] A third
party unrelated to this litigation is the registered owner of the remaining
30% of AAIE. The plaintiffs claim to own in equity the bulk of the 35% of AAIE
which is registered in TCS’s name.

103 AAIE’s only real asset is 1.424m shares in EnGro and its only real source
of income is the stream of dividends which EnGro pays on those shares.[note:
106] AAIE purchased the 1.424m shares in EnGro from Ssangyong, who wanted to
sell down its stake in EnGro. The Tan family advanced to AAIE 70% of the funds
which it needed to purchase these EnGro shares[note: 107] while the other
shareholder advanced the remaining 30%. TCS was the immediate source of the
Tan family’s advance. The ultimate source of the Tan family’s advance was the
Cluny Park Proceeds channelled to TCS via the 2002 AAS Shareholder Loans and
the 2003 Shareholder Loans (see [89] above).

104 The funds which the Tan family advanced to AAIE amounted to more than
$19.6m as at 31 December 2002 and $22.1m as at 31 December 2003.[note: 108]
AAIE recorded these funds as loans in equal amounts from TCS and TCP each to
AAIE.[note: 109] I will refer to these loans collectively as the “the AAIE
Loans”. AAIE repaid the AAIE Loans over time from the Tan family’s 70% share
of AAIE’s stream of EnGro dividends. TCS alone received and held AAIE’s
repayment.[note: 110]

TCS’s EnGro shares

105 In 2007, Ssangyong again wanted to sell down its stake in EnGro. The Tan
family saw this as a good opportunity to increase their stake in EnGro, given
that the shares were being offered at a favourable price. Over two months,
through several transactions in the market, a total of 1.419m shares in EnGro
were purchased in TCS’s name.

106 The parties dispute the circumstances surrounding the purchase of these
shares. The plaintiffs’ case is that the purchase was financed by what they
call Tan family funds, drawn from the No 2 Account as well as from funds held
in Hong Kong, and that TCS therefore holds these shares as a nominee for the
Tan family.[note: 111] TCS, on the other hand, asserts that the funds used to
pay for these shares belonged to TKT, who gifted the shares to her.[note: 112]

The Katong Property

107 I move on to set out the facts relating to the Katong Property, which is
the subject-matter of S170. As I have mentioned, the Katong Property has been
registered in TCS’s name without interruption since 1974.

The Katong Property

108 TKT purchased the Katong Property in 1952 in NGO’s name.[note: 113] It was
in fact part of a bigger piece of land which TKT bought. But he sold most of
the land and built a house on the remaining part which he kept. The Tan family
used the Katong Property as their family home from 1958 until they moved into
the Cluny Park Properties in 1969.[note: 114]

109 Although the parties dispute TKT’s intention in registering the Katong
Property in NGO’s name upon purchase, it is common ground that it was TKT’s
decision to do so. It is also common ground that TKT provided the entire
consideration for the purchase.

110 More than two decades later, on 31 December 1974, NGO transferred the
Katong Property to TCS.[note: 115] The reason for this transfer is fiercely
disputed.

111 From the 1980s, the Katong Property earned a rental income which was
deposited over the years into the No 2 Account (see [83] above). Sometime in
1992, TCP moved back into the Katong Property with her family.[note: 116] She
continued to reside there rent-free for the next 15 years, until 2007. From
about 2002, TKT and NGO started spending more time here in Singapore and lived
in the Katong Property whenever they were here.[note: 117]

112 In 1981, while TCS was studying in Australia, she executed a power of
attorney in favour of TCG.[note: 118] By this power of attorney, TCS conferred
on TCG the full power and authority to deal with the Katong Property on her
behalf.

113 In 2004, the Katong Property was mortgaged to DBS as security for the DBS
Term Loan used to finance the purchase of the Bajumi Shares (see [82] above).

The No 2 Account

114 As I have mentioned, the monthly rental income for the Katong Property was
deposited in the No 2 Account. The No 2 Account is also one of the assets that
the plaintiffs claim falls within what they claim as the Tan family funds.

115 It is common ground that TCS and TCH opened the No 2 Account in the 1970s
as a joint account.[note: 119] TCH was authorised to be the sole signatory of
the account up until 1991. Thereafter, TCS left cheques signed in blank and
drawn on the No 2 Account with AAS staff to be used to pay for expenses.

116 Over the years, the siblings used funds in the No 2 Account for various
purposes. These ranged from paying TKT’s and NGO’s living expenses to
servicing the monthly interest on the DBS Term Loan. The Tan siblings even
used the money in the No 2 Account for personal expenses. For example, TYK
withdrew $300,000 from the account to pay towards the purchase of an apartment
in Ardmore Point and withdrew a further $5,000 a few months later to pay for
the renovation of the apartment. In most instances, the Tan siblings would
keep TCS informed if they used money from the No 2 Account for their own
purposes.[note: 120]

TCS begins to exert influence and control in AAS

117 I have now set out the facts which explain how the assets in dispute came
to be acquired and are held as they are today. I turn now to the events which
have triggered this litigation.

118 Until the 2000s, TCS had had little or no involvement in AAS or the family
business, given that she had been overseas since 1974. After the Bajumi
litigation ended in 2004, however, TCS began to exert greater control over AAS
and greater influence over her parents. It was also in 2004 that TCG and TYK
withdrew from AAS in order to focus their time and energy on developing
EnGro,[note: 121] thereby leaving a vacuum in AAS.

119 In January 2007, TCS proposed to TKT that TCH should resign as the
managing director of AAS,[note: 122] a position he had held since 1997. TCH
was powerless in the face of this proposal. AAS’s board of directors removed
TCH as managing director on 25 January 2007 and appointed TCS in his
place.[note: 123] Despite this, TCH continued to perform largely the same
duties in AAS as he had before his resignation.

120 On 25 February 2008, after a hiatus of over 20 years, TKT and NGO were re-
appointed as directors of AAS.[note: 124] The plaintiffs’ evidence is that TCS
was behind their desire to be re-appointed.[note: 125] I accept this. As I
have mentioned, NGO had resigned as a director of AAS in 1981 (see [55] above)
and TKT had resigned as a director in 1985 (see [57] above). Left to their own
devices, there was no reason either of them should want to seek re-appointment
as a director in 2008, after having withdrawn decades earlier.

TKT passes away

121 TKT passed away on 15 November 2008. Relations between the Tan siblings
deteriorated sharply after TKT’s death. In August 2009,[note: 126] TCH wrote
to TCS to demand that she return the AAS shares which TCG, TYK and he had
transferred to her in the past. In November 2009, TCP issued her own separate
demand for the return of the shares she had earlier transferred to TCS. TCS
refused to comply with both demands. Her position was, and still is, that all
the siblings who transferred their shares in AAS to her held those shares
merely as TKT’s nominees; and that she therefore now holds all of the shares
in AAS which are today registered in her name on trust for TKT’s estate to be
dealt with in accordance with the terms of the Joint Will.

122 In January 2010, TCH proposed that TCG be re-appointed as a director of
AAS in order for the company to tap his expertise.[note: 127] TCP, in her
capacity as the company secretary, issued a notice convening a meeting of the
directors of AAS on 29 January 2010 to consider and pass a resolution
reappointing TCG as a director. TCS strongly objected. She sent a curt email
to TCP and TCH stating that TKT’s wish when he was alive was that TCG was not
to be involved in the business of AAS. TCS also demanded that TCP withdraw the
notice, failing which TCS said she would convene an extraordinary general
meeting (“EGM”) of AAS in Hong Kong to remove TCP and TCH from office.[note:
128] She further told them that their proposed resolution would never pass
because NGO and TCS would vote against it, and because TCS held the casting
vote as the chairperson.

123 TCP and TCH refused to comply with TCS’s demand. TCS made good on her
threat. She issued a notice on 27 January 2010 for an EGM of AAS to be held on
28 January 2010, one day before the directors’ meeting which TCP’s notice had
convened, to remove TCH and TCP from office. TCS sent an ultimatum on 28
January 2010, demanding that TCP and TCH withdraw their notice by 10.30 am
that day. They refused. TCS’s EGM went ahead on 28 January 2010. TCP was
removed as the company secretary and TCS appointed in her place. TCH was
removed as a director and an external accountant appointed in his place.

124 On 9 February 2010, TCH instructed his solicitors to write to TCS to
demand that she take immediate steps to reinstate him as a director of AAS.
She refused.

125 The plaintiffs’ case is that these resolutions passed at AAS’s EGM of 28
January 2010 are invalid. They assert that TCS and NGO held their shares in
AAS on trust for them and had no right to exercise the votes attached to those
shares so as to remove them from office.

126 This episode was the catalyst for the plaintiffs to commence S570 on 4
August 2010. Among the relief they seek is a declaration that they are the
beneficial owners of the shares in AAS in the same proportions as they held
their shares in 1985 (see [64] above).

127 On 9 October 2010, TCG received a letter informing him of a directors’
resolution excluding him from AAS’s premises.[note: 129] TCG responded on 29
October 2010 with a letter asking for an explanation. He received no reply.
Thereafter, TCS barred TCP, TCH and TCG from entering AAS’s premises, even to
remove their personal belongings. They had entered these premises freely for
over 40 years. Eventually, TCS relented and permitted the plaintiffs to enter
AAS’s premises for the limited purpose of removing their personal belongings,
but not until solicitors had intervened and not without imposing a number of
conditions. The impasse between the two camps continued throughout these
proceedings.

The Hong Kong litigation

128 TKT’s estate is governed by the Joint Will (see [2] above). None of the
parties dispute the validity of the 2008 Joint Will. But the parties are
embroiled in yet more litigation in Hong Kong regarding the interpretation of
a phrase in Chinese which appears in the Joint Will. That phrase has been
translated to me as “under our names” or, when applied to TKT’s estate alone,
as “under my name”. The question in the Hong Kong litigation is whether, on
its true construction, the scope of TKT’s Joint Will is restricted to assets
in which TKT had a legal interest at the time of his death, or whether the
Joint Will extends to all assets in which he had any type of proprietary
interest, including a beneficial interest.

129 The Hong Kong litigation went all the way to the Hong Kong Court of Final
Appeal. On 5 November 2015, the Court of Final Appeal (Ma CJ, Ribeiro, Tang
and Fok PJJ and Neuberger NPJ) handed down its decision.[note: 130] It upheld
the decision of the Hong Kong Court of Appeal, which had in turn upheld the
decision of the Hong Kong Court of First Instance. The Hong Kong Court of
Final Appeal held that “under my name” on its true construction extends to all
property in which TKT had any type of proprietary interest, including a
beneficial interest.

130 I describe the Hong Kong litigation only to note it. Its outcome has no
direct bearing on the litigation before me. The Hong Kong litigation and the
litigation before me operate on separate planes. The Hong Kong litigation had
to do with the scope of the Joint Will. The litigation before me has
determined the extent, if any, to which TKT has a beneficial interest in the
assets claimed by his estate. The scope of the Joint Will is not in issue in
the litigation before me.

Conclusion on the background facts

131 Having summarised (to the extent possible) the background to this dispute,
I move on to discuss my decision on the parties’ claims and counterclaims.

132 I start with the last set of proceedings to be commenced: OS921. The
outcome of OS921 determines whether I need to decide S570 and S170. That is
because if the Compromise indeed binds the parties, the disputes over their
underlying rights in S570 and S170 fall away.

OS921: the Compromise

The parties’ positions

133 To summarise: the Compromise was subject to a condition precedent that the
AG must consent to the terms of the settlement. I have found that the
condition precedent did not prevent a valid contract from coming into
existence, but did qualify the parties’ performance obligation. I have
rejected the plaintiff’s claim that the Compromise is tainted by mistake (see
[24] above). Each side having had the opportunity to test the opposing side’s
evidence by cross-examination, I have now to decide the plaintiffs’
alternative case, which is essentially that TCS breached the terms of the
Compromise.

134 It is undisputed that the Compromise does not oblige the parties,
expressly or impliedly, to _procure_ the fulfilment of the Condition
Precedent, _ie_ , neither party undertook an unqualified contractual
obligation to ensure that the AG consented. It is also undisputed that the
Compromise does not expressly oblige the parties to use their best endeavours
to bring about the fulfilment of the Condition Precedent.[note: 131] Nor does
the Compromise expressly oblige the parties to cooperate with each other in
pursuing the fulfilment of the Condition Precedent.

135 The plaintiffs’ entire case on breach of contract relies on implying a
term into the Compromise which imposes a duty on the parties to cooperate with
each other to bring about the fulfilment of the Condition Precedent. The
plaintiffs contend that TCS’s correspondence with the AG amounts to a breach
of this implied term.[note: 132] The consequence of this breach, they argue,
is that TCS ought to be required specifically to perform her obligations under
the Compromise and cannot be allowed to resist that result by relying on the
AG’s failure to consent to it. In the alternative, they submit that TCS should
be held liable for all damage that the plaintiffs have suffered as a result of
her breach of this implied term.[note: 133]

136 TCS’s response is that she did not breach the implied duty to cooperate.
She argues that the implied duty to cooperate obliged her only to take
_reasonable_ steps to provide all relevant information to the AG and to assist
the AG in coming to an independent decision on whether to consent to the
Compromise.[note: 134] She submits that she did not have any obligation to try
to convince the AG to give his consent. Indeed, she submits that she could not
have had – and would not have undertaken – any such duty in light of her
duties to TKT’s estate as its executrix and trustee.[note: 135] TCS points out
that she insisted on including the Condition Precedent so as to ensure that
she could not be sued by any of the disappointed beneficiaries under the Joint
Will for distributing TKT’s assets in a way which did not accord with the
will. If the plaintiff’s position is accepted, she submits, that purpose would
be defeated.[note: 136]

The issues

137 The issues I have to deal with in OS921 are:

(a) whether TCS is subject to an implied duty to cooperate with the plaintiffs
under the Compromise; and

(b) if so, whether TCS’s conduct in her correspondence with the AG amounts to
a breach of the duty.

I consider each issue in turn.

Is there an implied duty to cooperate?

138 I accept the plaintiffs’ submission that the courts may imply a duty to
cooperate into a contract where the object of the contract can be achieved
only with the cooperation of both parties to the contract.[note: 137]_Chitty
on Contracts Volume I: General Principles_ (H G Beale, gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2012) (“ _Chitty on Contracts_ ”) discusses this issue at
para 13-012:

**13-012**

**Co-operation.**

The court may be willing to imply a term that the parties shall co-operate to
ensure the performance of their bargain. Thus:

“… where in a written contract it appears that both parties have agreed that
something shall be done, which cannot effectively be done unless both concur
in doing it, the construction of the contract is that each agrees to do all
that is necessary to be done on his part for the carrying out of that thing,
though there may be no express words to that effect.”

...

[emphasis in bold in its original]

139 The quote in the passage above originates from the case of _Mackay v Dick
and others_ (1881) 6 App Cas 251 (“ _Mackay v Dick_ ”). In that case, a
contract to sell a digging machine was subject to a condition precedent that
the seller demonstrate to the buyer that the machine was capable of excavating
a given quantity of clay in a fixed time on a “properly opened-up face” at a
certain railway cutting. The machine was taken to the agreed railway cutting
but the buyer failed to make available a “properly opened-up face” for the
test. The machine broke down on testing. The buyer refused to carry out any
further tests and argued that he was not bound to purchase the machine because
the seller had failed to fulfil the condition precedent. The House of Lords
held that buyer had breached an obligation to cooperate which was an implied
term of the parties’ contract.

140 Closely linked to the duty to cooperate is a principle known as the
“prevention principle”. This principle is summarised in _Chitty on Contracts_
at para 13-013, immediately following para 13-012 cited above:

**13–013**

**Prevention of Performance.**

By the same token:

“… if a party enters into an arrangement which can only take effect by the
continuance of a certain existing state of circumstances, there is an implied
engagement on his part that he shall do nothing of his own motion to put an
end to that state of circumstances under which alone the arrangement can
become operative.” [quoting from _Stirling v Maitland_ (1864) 5 B & S 840 at
852]

_Also where a binding contract is subject to a condition precedent, a term may
be implied that a party will not do an act which, if done, would prevent
fulfilment of the condition._ …

[emphasis in bold in its original; emphasis in italics added]

141 The duty to cooperate and the prevention principle have been recognised in
Singapore.[note: 138] In _Evergreat Construction Co Pte Ltd v Presscrete
Engineering Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 634 (“ _Evergreat_ ”) V K Rajah J (as he
then was) stated (at [48]):

When parties make and seal a contract, they are deemed to have done so on the
basis that they intend and desire the contract to be performed and taken to
its conclusion. …

Rajah J quoted the same passage from _Stirling v Maitland_ (1864) 5 B & S 840
cited in para 13-013 of _Chitty on Contracts_ (see [140] above) and recognised
the cooperation principle when he stated at [49] that:

… [a]nother facet of a contracting party’s obligation to honour its
undertaking is the implied duty to co-operate. …

142 Rajah J in _Evergreat_ also recognised the prevention principle. The
prevention principle is invoked if a party is asserting a contractual right or
claiming a contractual benefit which is a direct result of that party’s prior
breach of contract: see _Evergreat_ (at [52]). Rajah J explained the rationale
behind the prevention principle at [51]:

… [the prevention principle] is wedded to notions of fair play and commercial
morality. It offends all sensible norms of commercial intercourse to allow a
party in breach of its contractual obligations to rely on its very breach to
either evade responsibility or, even more farcically, to assert that the other
contracting party must also willy-nilly accept or sustain the consequences of
that breach.

143 This makes eminent sense. If two parties enter into a contract subject to
a condition precedent which can be satisfied only if both parties cooperate, a
term may readily be implied that both parties are under an obligation to
cooperate in order to facilitate the fulfilment of that condition. Similarly,
if a contract expressly provides that the contract will _ipso facto_ determine
upon the happening of a certain event, that provision will be construed
subject to the principle that neither party can be allowed to rely on an event
which is attributable to his own act or default to escape from his contractual
obligations (see _Alghussein Establishment v Eton College_ [1988] 1 WLR 587 at
594 and _Evergreat_ at [51]). To hold otherwise would be to allow a party to
take advantage of his own wrong.

144 In my view, while the implied duty to cooperate and the prevention
principle are conceptually different, they are related and their operation may
overlap in practice. In the present case, I am satisfied that the two involve
the same inquiry because the plaintiffs are arguing essentially that TCS
breached the duty to cooperate _thereby_ preventing the AG from giving
consent, and therefore cannot be allowed to rely on the AG’s refusal to give
consent to deny that the parties are obliged to perform the Compromise.

145 I readily imply a duty to cooperate into the Compromise. An implied term
to that effect is necessary in the business sense in order to give the
Compromise efficacy. I also have no doubt that the parties would have
responded with an emphatic affirmation had the existence of the duty to
cooperate been suggested to them when they entered into the Compromise. In
these circumstances, it is appropriate to imply a duty to cooperate to give
effect to the parties’ presumed intention: _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings
Pte Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2013] 4 SLR 193 at [93] and [101].

146 The true issue dividing the parties, of course, is not so much the
existence of a duty to cooperate but its scope. Applied to the facts of this
case, the plaintiffs submit that the duty to cooperate not only required the
parties to cooperate in answering the AG’s questions and to provide him the
information he asked for, but also barred the parties from doing anything
which would lead the AG to withhold his consent.[note: 139] Counsel for TCS,
on the other hand, argues that the content of the implied duty to cooperate is
only to do what is reasonable for that party to do in the surrounding
circumstances.[note: 140]

147 TCS’s position on this must be correct. _Ong Hun Seang and others v Yeoh
Oon Teik and others_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 488 (_“Ong Hun Seang_ ”) recognises that
the duty to cooperate extends only to doing what is reasonable in all the
circumstances. In that case, the purchasers of a group of residential units
sued their vendors for the return of the deposit paid against the purchase
price of those units. The purchasers argued that the vendors had breached
their implied duty to cooperate with the purchasers in their efforts to secure
a licence which they required to hold the units. The complaint was that the
vendors had failed or neglected to execute two forms necessary to change the
use of the units, which was said to have resulted in the purchasers’ failure
to obtain the licence.

148 Lim Teong Qwee JC implied a term that the purchasers and the vendors would
cooperate in securing the required licence and that they would do nothing to
prevent the licence from being secured in sufficient time to enable completion
on the contractual date. But Lim JC observed that the implied duty to
cooperate requires the parties to do only what is reasonable in the
circumstances. At [56] of the judgment, he noted that the implied term pleaded
by the purchaser in its statement of claim required that each party “would
promptly do all that was necessary on its part for the completion of the sale
and purchase … and that the [vendors] would cooperate with and/or assist the
Plaintiffs to obtain the licence”. He found difficulty in implying a duty to
assist but agreed that there was a duty to cooperate, albeit qualified by
reasonableness (at [57]):

57 I have some difficulty with the notion of assistance [as pleaded] and in my
opinion _all that can be implied in this contract is that the vendors need do
no more than what is reasonable in the circumstances_. …

[emphasis added]

149 Therefore, the implied duty to cooperate in this case entails each party
doing no more than that which is reasonable in all the circumstances. On the
facts of this case, the duty encompasses at least providing the AG relevant
information which he reasonably requires to make an informed decision about
whether to grant his consent. The duty would obviously also prevent a party
from providing false information to the AG. The crucial question is whether
the duty equates to an obligation to become an advocate: emphasising the
positive and de-emphasising the negative in an effort to persuade the AG to
give his consent.

150 Bearing these observations in mind, I now turn to consider whether TCS
breached her implied contractual duty to cooperate.

Did TCS breach the implied duty to cooperate?

TCS’s conduct

151 By November 2011, the parties had tried and failed to reduce the
Compromise to writing and were trying to agree the terms of a joint approach
to the AG to secure his consent to the Compromise. Instead of waiting to reach
agreement on a joint approach, TCS wrote to the AG unilaterally. That letter
commenced a three-way correspondence which lasted ten months, from November
2011 to August 2012.

152 To determine whether TCS breached her implied duty to cooperate, I will
focus on the correspondence between TCS and the Attorney-General’s Chambers
(“AGC”). Some of the key exchanges in that correspondence are as follows:

(a) On 14 December 2011, the AGC sought clarification from the parties. TCS
responded on 16 December 2011 explaining that the Condition Precedent was put
in place because the terms of the Compromise envisaged that a substantial part
of TKT’s estate would be transferred to the plaintiffs, thereby reducing the
amount that would be available for distribution to the charities in
Singapore.[note: 141]

(b) On 7 March 2012, AGC asked TCS to respond on three issues:[note: 142]

Issue 1: Her opinion, as the executrix and trustee of TKT’s estate, as to
whether the Compromise was beneficial to, or in the interest of, the charities
in Singapore.

Issue 2: The proportion of TKT’s estate that would be transferred to the
plaintiffs under the Compromise, and the amount that would remain available to
the charities in Singapore after deducting certain specific bequests amounting
to HK$200m set out in the Joint Will.

Issue 3: TCS’s assessment on whether there would be sufficient funds left in
TKT’s estate to satisfy her obligations as the executrix and trustee of the
Joint Will.

(c) On 30 March 2012, TCS responded to the issues as follows:[note: 143]

Issue 1: The Compromise would reduce the portion of TKT’s estate that could
otherwise be given to charitable causes.

Issue 2: The value of TKT’s estate was approximately $121m, and the Compromise
would result in approximately $90m being transferred to the plaintiffs based
on the information available at that time.

Issue 3: There should be sufficient funds left in TKT’s estate to meet the two
specific bequests of HK$200m set out in the Joint Will, but the remaining
funds available for donations to the other charities in Singapore would be
diminished.

(d) On 18 April 2012,[note: 144] the AGC replied stating that the AG was not
in a position to represent the interests of named Singapore charities in
consenting to a settlement agreement “for the purpose of compromising a legal
proceeding to which the [AG] is not a party”. Thus, the AGC stated that the AG
would confine his consideration of the issue only to the unnamed charitable
interests in Singapore.[note: 145] Paragraph five of the letter indicated that
the AG was inclining towards not giving his consent:

5\. From [TCS’s] letter of 30 March 2012, it appears that the [AG] is being
asked to consent to an act which adversely affects the unnamed Singapore
charitable interests under the Joint Will. The Trustee did not, in her opinion
set out in [her] letter of 30 March 2012, elaborate on the benefit of entering
into a settlement to avoid the uncertainties of trial. Based on the
information provided to us, the [Compromise] does not appear to bring any
substantial benefit to the unnamed Singapore charitable interests.
Furthermore, the Trustee is unable to confirm that there will be sufficient
assets left in the Estate to make the discretionary donations to the Singapore
charitable institutions after taking into consideration the two specific
bequests under the Joint Will.

(e) On 14 May 2012, the plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote to the AGC in an attempt
to persuade the AG to reconsider his tentative view and to consent to the
Compromise.[note: 146] Specifically, the plaintiffs pointed out that:

… [e]ven after taking into consideration the two specific bequests totalling
HK$200 million (equivalent to approximately S$32 million) … there would still
be a substantial sum of at least [$100m] left in the Estate for the
discretionary donations to the Singapore charitable institutions …[note: 147]

(f) TCS responded on 18 May 2012 correcting what she characterised as “factual
inaccuracies” in the plaintiffs’ letter.[note: 148]

(g) On 23 May 2012, the AG declined to give his consent to the
Compromise:[note: 149]

…

4\. Both the Trustee and the [plaintiffs] appear to have conflicting
assessments on whether the terms of the [Compromise] is (sic) beneficial to or
in the interests of the Singapore charitable interests. _We are more inclined
to heed the Trustee’s assessment as the [plaintiff’s] interests are in direct
conflict with the interests of the beneficiaries under [TKT’s] Joint Will._
Furthermore, the Trustee would be more acquainted with the assets comprising
[TKT’s] Estate than the [plaintiffs] since she is both the appointed
[executrix] and trustee of the Estate. _Based on the information provided by
the Trustee, the [Compromise] does not appear to bring substantial benefit to
the unnamed Singapore charitable interests_.

5\. The Trustee has also disagreed with the [plaintiff’s] estimation of the
amount of funds that would be left in the Estate to make discretionary
donations to the unnamed Singapore charitable institutions. It also appears
that the [plaintiff’s] estimation may be too optimistic as it is premised on
the sale of [AAB] which is presently owned by [AAS] and not the Estate per se.
Furthermore, the valuation of [AAB] at $145 million is derived from an offer
made by DTZ which is subject to certain conditions which may or may not be
met.

…

[emphasis added]

(h) Dissatisfied with the outcome, the plaintiffs wrote to the AGC through
their separate solicitors on 30 May 2012. They also sought clarification from
the AG and asked for a meeting with the AG or his representatives.[note: 150]

(i) On 8 June 2012, solicitors of all the parties had a meeting with officers
from the AGC. Thereafter, the AGC asked for further information from the
parties via a letter dated 14 June 2012.[note: 151]

(j) On 29 June 2012, TCS responded through her solicitors.[note: 152] The
important parts of her letter read:

…

4\. … [TCG] has chosen to highlight the risks of litigation for the Estate
without highlighting the benefits of litigation for the Estate. This is
completely one-sided and self-serving. … the Trustee is of the view that the
[plaintiffs’] claims have no merit. … The Trustee has informed us that the
reason she even considered a settlement was to protect her aged mother from
further public humiliation and emotional distress on account of being sued by
the [plaintiffs] (who are her children).

…

6\. … As the [plaintiffs] did not agree to waive all further claims relating
to the assets belonging to the Estate and [NGO], there is a real concern on
the part of the Trustee that the continuing defence of further claims made by
the [plaintiffs], in Singapore or elsewhere, will deplete the remaining assets
and adversely affect the Trustee’s ability to carry out the wishes of the late
[TKT] to make donations to charities. Since the AG has already declined to
give consent to the [Compromise], the resumption of the trial may be the most
expedient solution for resolving the impasse.

…

12\. … at the time of the [Compromise], the Trustee specifically inserted the
condition precedent of the AG’s consent precisely because _she was aware that
the [Compromise] would not only result in a deviation from the terms of the
Joint Will which she is duty bound to administer, it would also substantially
reduce the amount available for donations to the charities in Singapore_ … The
Trustee was not prepared to assume that the AG would agree that whatever
certainty arising from a settlement but resulting in significantly smaller
donations to charities outweighs the exaggerated uncertainties of trial, as in
this case. As the authority that would represent the interests of charities in
Singapore, the Trustee firmly believed that the AG would be able to determine
whether the [Compromise], which reduces the amount originally intended for the
charities by 35% to 45%, would be beneficial to the charities in Singapore.
The [plaintiffs] were also fully cognizant that this was the case. This was
why all parties decided that the [Compromise] would be subject to the AG’s
consent[.]

…

14\. … the Trustee wishes to be honest to the AG. In the Trustee’s opinion,
the [Compromise] benefits the [plaintiffs] immeasurably but the charities in
Singapore would be deprived of a substantial amount which they would otherwise
have benefited from. The uncertainties of litigation have also been
exaggerated by the [plaintiffs]. While there is no certainty of return if the
trial is resumed, the Trustee is highly confident that the Estate will prevail
at trial. However, the Trustee leaves the AG to make the ultimate decision on
whether to reverse its decision.

[underline emphasis in original]

153 On 9 July 2012, the AGC wrote to all parties informing them that the AG
maintained his previous position and declined to consent to the
Compromise.[note: 153]

TCS did not breach the implied duty to cooperate

154 I move on to consider whether TCS’s conduct in her correspondence with the
AGC and the plaintiffs amounts to a breach of her implied duty to cooperate.

155 The plaintiffs contend that TCS’s conduct throughout the correspondence
with the AGC was the reason the parties failed to obtain the AG’s consent.
They submit that her refusal to cooperate was apparent right from the start,
when she unilaterally issued her own letter to the AG while the plaintiffs
were still liaising with her in hopes of presenting a joint agreed letter to
the AG.[note: 154] This, they argue, set the tone from the start, especially
given that TCS emphasised in the letter that she faced difficulty in reaching
an agreement and finalising a written draft of the agreement with the
plaintiffs.

156 The plaintiffs further submit that TCS took a wholly obstructive position,
severely understating the merits of the plaintiffs’ claims, falsely asserting
that the Compromise would result in substantial funds being diverted from
charities, insinuating in her letters that the plaintiffs had misrepresented
material facts to the AG and falsely representing that the Compromise was
detrimental to the interests of the charities when she herself had agreed to
it in the first place.[note: 155]

157 TCS, however, argues that she was simply fulfilling her duties to the
estate as a responsible and prudent executrix and trustee. She explains that
she wore multiple hats when negotiating the Compromise.[note: 156] She
participated in the negotiations not only in her personal capacity as a
defendant in the suits, but also as the executrix and trustee of TKT’s estate.
In the latter capacity, she had a legal duty to protect the interests of the
beneficiaries under the Joint Will and a moral duty to give effect to her
father’s wishes. Further, in agreeing to the Compromise, she had also had to
consider NGO’s predicament and emotions because long, drawn-out litigation
would be very taxing and upsetting for her aged mother. TCS further asserts
that she insisted on including the Condition Precedent in order to protect
herself from being exposed to suits from charities or any authorities
representing charities for diverting funds away from the charitable objects of
the Joint Will.[note: 157] She holds the belief that entering into the
Compromise placed her in breach of her obligations as the executrix and
trustee of TKT’s estate. She was therefore trying to protect herself from any
legal repercussions by insisting that the consent of the AG, as the protector
of charities, first be obtained.[note: 158] These reasons were also canvassed
in TCS’ solicitor’s letter to the AG on 29 June 2012 (see [152(j)] above).

158 At the outset, I will state that I consider it wholly unnecessary to look
at the merits of the Compromise. Although some of the parties’ submissions
rely on these merits (or the lack thereof), the merits or demerits are
irrelevant to any issue which I have to determine.

159 I find that TCS’s conduct in her communications with the AG did not breach
her obligation to cooperate, to the extent reasonable in all the
circumstances, with the plaintiffs in securing the AG’s consent. These
circumstances include TCS’s reason for including the Condition Precedent and
her duties as the executrix and trustee of TKT’s estate. This is not a case
where fulfilling the condition precedent is wholly within the parties’ control
(_eg_ , in _Mackay v Dick_). Nor is this a case where the condition precedent
is securing an approval from an authority which is simply a question of making
the necessary application (_eg_ , in _Ong Hun Seang_ and in _Duncan v Mell_
(1914) 14 NSWR 33). In this case, the parties agreed—for whatever reason—to
subject their agreement to a condition precedent that an independent party
exercising an independent judgment grant its consent to their agreement after
considering its merits from the third party’s perspective. The very purpose of
the Condition Precedent was therefore to require the AG to assess the merits
of the Compromise in his capacity as the protector of charities in Singapore.

160 I therefore accept TCS’s submission that the implied duty to cooperate did
not require her to become an advocate and therefore to do all that was
reasonably within her power to _persuade_ the AG to give his consent to the
Compromise. The plaintiffs’ submission[note: 159] in this regard is misguided.
As I have explained (see [149] above), TCS’s duty to cooperate extends only to
her taking reasonable steps to provide to the AG relevant information which
the AG, a neutral third party, required in order to reach an independent and
informed decision on whether to consent to the Compromise. It is not an
obligation to provide to the AG only information which is likely to induce him
to grant his consent and to withhold information that is likely to induce him
to refuse his consent. By producing all the materials and furnishing all the
information that the AG requested, and by answering his questions from her
perspective as the executrix and trustee of the TKT’s estate rather than as
the plaintiffs’ advocate, TCS did not breach her duty to cooperate.

161 Needless to say, TCS would have breached her duty to cooperate if she had
made statements or representations to the AG which were false. The plaintiffs
therefore submit that TCS breached her duty to cooperate by baselessly
accusing the plaintiffs of reserving or initiating claims over TKT’s
collection of antiques and artwork in Hong Kong.[note: 160] The context of
their first submission is that TCS conveyed to the AG that even after the
Compromise, there was still a possibility of the plaintiffs bringing other
claims against TKT’s estate for his other assets such as the antiques or art
work. The plaintiffs argue that this was untrue and that they have never
asserted any such claims.[note: 161] I do not find this particular
representation that was made to be materially false. In fact, a document
drafted by the plaintiffs’ solicitors shows that there was some truth in TCS’
assertions. In a draft prepared by the plaintiffs’ solicitors in August 2011
to embody the Compromise, the plaintiffs reserved their rights in respect of
chattels by way of a proposed clause that read:[note: 162]

27 For the avoidance of doubt, this settlement agreement does not settle any
claims regarding the chattels (including but not limited to the personal
belongings of the [plaintiffs] and the artwork and antiques enumerated in the
stock take lists) which are in the possession, custody or control of the 1st
and 2nd Defendants or AAS or its subsidiaries, including but not limited to
those held at the premises of AAB, Bowen Mansion, No. 2 East Coast Terrace, 14
Daymar Place, Castle Cove, Sydney or any storage facility that such chattels
may have been moved to from the said locations.

In light of the position that was taken by the plaintiffs at that time, which
was not limited to property which belonged to them personally, it was not a
breach of TCS’s duty to render reasonable cooperation for her to inform the AG
that the plaintiffs may make further claims against the estate even if the
Compromise were performed.

162 The plaintiffs also allege that TCS breached the duty to cooperate by
falsely understating the value of the estate. The effect of that, they say,
was to overstate the proportion of the estate to be distributed to the
plaintiffs under the Compromise and to exaggerate the prejudice to the
charitable objects of the Joint Will.[note: 163] In particular, the plaintiffs
submit that TCS ascribed an extremely low value to AAB, failed to inform the
AG of the value of TKT’s antiques and artwork, and referred to the net asset
value of the EnGro shares instead of the actual market price of those shares
which, after all, were publicly-traded.[note: 164]

163 I first observe that the parties were always at odds on the value of the
estate. The AGC also noted this in its letter to the parties dated 23 May
2011.[note: 165] The plaintiffs accuse TCS of undervaluing the estate for her
own purposes. TCS alleges in return that the plaintiffs overvalued the estate
to show, falsely, that the value of what they would receive under the
Compromise would be relatively small.[note: 166] There was consequently an
exchange of correspondence with the AGC in which the parties put forward their
respective positions on the value of various assets in TKT’s estate. After the
meeting with the AGC on 8 June 2011, the parties put in their final letters to
the AGC, providing their comments on figures computed into tables by the AGC
(in Annex A) and by TCG’s solicitors (in Annex B).[note: 167] I note that TCS
did not object to the value that the plaintiffs ascribed to AAB in the tables
(_ie_ , $145m).[note: 168] As for the value of the EnGro shares, I do not
consider TCS to have been culpable in referring to the shares’ value based on
their net asset value instead of their last traded price. In any case, both
values were put before the AGC.

164 To summarise, I find that the plaintiffs have not proved, on the balance
of probabilities, that any of the statements or representations which TCS made
to the AG amounted to a breach of her duty to extend reasonable cooperation.
Both sides had the opportunity to put their positions and estimates on the
figures to the AG, and both sides duly did so. By the same token, I am also of
the view that TCS’s omission to provide to the AG the total value of TKT’s
antiques and art work cannot be said to be a breach of her duty to extend
reasonable cooperation, especially given that the AG was aware that the
estate’s assets included these antiques and art works.

165 I must, however, say that the tone adopted by TCS’s solicitors in the bulk
of their letters to AGC – no doubt on instructions from TCS herself –clearly
demonstrated TCS’s lack of commitment to the Compromise. Indeed, it would not
be entirely unfounded to conclude that TCS insisted on the Condition Precedent
not because of any well-founded fear of legal exposure but in order to secure
a lever with which to fight a rear-guard action to derail the entire
Compromise.

166 Having said that, the fact remains that on the evidence before me, I
cannot find TCS in breach of her implied duty to cooperate to the extent
reasonable in all the circumstances. Her cooperation was undoubtedly
begrudging and far from wholehearted. But TCS went as far as the law required
her to. The failure to fulfil the Condition Precedent was, I find, not due to
any breach of contract by TCS.

167 Once the Condition Precedent failed, therefore, the Compromise between the
parties came to an end. Both parties ceased to be under any duty to perform
their obligations under the Compromise. All of this happened without TCS
coming under any liability in damages to the plaintiffs for that state of
affairs. The remainder of the plaintiffs’ claim in OS921 therefore fails and
is dismissed.

168 The result is that the parties are thrown back upon their legal rights as
they stood at the time they entered into the Compromise on 19 July 2011. That
is the subject-matter of S570 and S170, to which I now turn.

S570: The main suit

Introduction

169 In S570 the plaintiffs assert a claim to own in equity the following
assets:

(a) the AAS Shares;

(b) the shares registered in NGO’s name which are derived from the Bajumi
Shares;

(c) the AAIE Shares registered in TCS’s name;

(d) the Tan family funds; and

(e) the 1.419m EnGro registered shares in TCS’s name.

The last claim, as I have pointed out at [18] above, is not one which has been
pleaded.

170 The plaintiffs rely on a resulting trust analysis for most of their
claims.

171 The defendants resist the claims. They argue that (a), (c) and (d) are
assets that have always belonged beneficially to TKT and which the legal
owners now hold on trust for his estate. On the other hand, they argue that
(b) and (e) are assets which TKT gifted in his lifetime to NGO and TCS
respectively.

172 Before I analyse the parties’ submissions on the ownership in equity of
these five classes of assets, it is apt to set the context for my analysis
with some general observations and findings of fact.

General observations and findings of fact

The siblings’ relationship with TKT

173 First and foremost, it is clear to me that TKT was an autocratic
patriarch. He expected and received the utmost respect from his children and
from his wife, NGO. This was the case when he was in charge of AAS. It
remained the case even after he withdrew from active management of the family
businesses. It is also undoubtedly true that even in his dotage, right up
until his death in November 2008, he continued to expect and command
considerable respect from his children. However, it is also true that his
children’s respect for his authority diminished over time, and that his
children did not hold or display that respect in equal measure.

174 TKT was an astute entrepreneur with considerable acumen. Through his hard
work, TKT laid the foundation of what is today the Tan family’s successful
business. He did that alone, before the children became involved in the
business, with only NGO’s help and support. Thereafter, from the time TKT
moved his residence to Hong Kong, TKT passed the burden of day-to-day
management to his sons (see [56] above). Eventually, he even ceded strategic
oversight of the family business to his sons, primarily to TCG and to a lesser
extent to TYK.

175 His children, with the exception of TCS, spent the better part of their
lives working in various parts of the family business or in related companies
such as EnGro (see [42] – [54] above). TKT placed a heavy burden of
expectation on each of his sons, especially his eldest son, TCG. In contrast,
TCS left Singapore and AAS in 1974 and was not involved in AAS until almost 20
years later when she was re-appointed a director of AAS in 1995 to help deal
with the Bajumi litigation. It was only after the Bajumi litigation was
settled that TCS started exerting more influence in AAS (see [42] and [118]
above).

176 As the patriarch of the Tan family TKT drew no distinction between his
assets, his wife’s assets, his companies’ assets and his children’s assets. I
have no doubt that he considered them all to be his property to vest, divest
and dispose of as he saw fit and that he continued to hold that view,
encouraged by TCS, right up until his death. The fact that TKT, throughout his
lifetime, saw all of the Tan family assets as his own cannot, of course, make
it so.

177 Similarly, NGO and the Tan siblings gave little thought to the legal
implications of the asset transfers they carried out within the family,
whether of their own volition or at TKT’s direction. On occasion, each of them
has transferred assets to another family member out of respect for TKT and on
his instructions, and having trust in the transferees, without considering or
necessarily intending any fundamental proprietary consequence by the transfer.

178 It is axiomatic, however, that every transfer of an asset must leave the
proprietary rights in that asset vested somewhere. Where those rights are
vested is not always determined by the transferor’s intent in carrying out the
transfer. That intent is only one of the pieces of the proprietary puzzle. In
any event, to the extent that the transferor’s intent is directly relevant to
the proprietary puzzle, it is the transferor’s intent at the time of the
transfer. A transferor, whether in person or through his personal
representatives, cannot retrospectively alter the proprietary consequences of
a transfer simply by attributing a different subjective intent to the transfer
years or even decades later.

179 I have no doubt that TKT’s five children loved, respected and obeyed him.
But because of this, I find that it is not safe to draw inferences about the
legal rights of the parties purely from their conduct in acceding to TKT’s
wishes from time to time. This is what the defendants invite me to do. They
submit that the reason TKT’s directions for the management of AAS were heeded
was because he retained beneficial ownership of all the shares he transferred
away over the years.[note: 169] They point, for example, to the fact that TCH
readily handed over the originals of all of AAS’s share certificates to TKT in
December 2007, when he demanded them. That was more than 30 years after TKT
had stepped down as a director of AAS.[note: 170] They also point to how TKT
had a say in dealing with AAS’s assets such as the Cluny Park
Properties.[note: 171] I am unable to accept this submission. The Tan family,
like many traditional families headed by a patriarch, did not defer to the
patriarch’s wishes because they felt a legal obligation to do so. They did so
because of their respect for him as their father and as the founder of the
family business. I therefore reject the defendants’ submission that the
children’s deference to TKT over the years is, in itself, probative of the
parties’ proprietary rights.

180 TCS’s submission in this regard was further weakened by her concession in
cross-examination that she had merely assumed, and did not know as a fact from
her own personal knowledge, that her siblings consulted TKT and abided by his
wishes in connection with AAS because he was in fact the beneficial owner of
AAS. The relevant part of the cross-examination is as follows:[note: 172]

Q: |  … How are you able to give this evidence that your brothers consulted your father and tried to abide by his wishes on account of his ownership, as well as his relationship with your brothers? How are you able to give that evidence? Is this something you know for a fact?  
---|---  
A: |  Yes, in regards to the 1983 dividends, instructions were given by TKT that the dividends were to be sent back to him, and that the dividends were sent through me because I was then in the US, and I had already become a non-resident Singaporean. So the dividends were sent to me, and then I forwarded them on to TKT.  
Q: |  But, Mdm Tan, did your father give these instructions as a shareholder of the company? Is that apparent in the instructions given by TKT? “Yes” or “no”?  
A: |  He gave the instructions as the owner of the company.  
Q: |  Are you able to refer us to the document so that we can take a look at it and see if it bears out what you’ve just said?  
A: |  I think this was instructions given to [TCG] to do so. To, you know, send the dividends to me.  
… |   
Q: |  _How did you know that your father had issued those instructions as a shareholder?_  
A: |  _I recall [TCG] calling me to say that Father wants these dividends to be sent to him via me._  
Q: |  _Yes, so your brother said, “Father wants those shares or these dividends”, he never said “The shareholder of the company wants these shares”, so how did you know that your father gave those instructions in the capacity as shareholder and not in the capacity as Father?_  
A: |  _I just assumed, this is – Father owns the company; he had the rights to what he wants to do with the dividends, and he wanted the dividends to be sent to him._  
  
  

[emphasis added]

Further, TCS also conceded in cross-examination[note: 173] that even if TKT
did not own the shares in AAS in equity, TKT’s children, including her, would
still have acted in the same manner by consulting him and abiding by his
wishes.[note: 174]

TCS’s relationship with her parents

181 I do not doubt that TCS, like the rest of TKT’s children, deeply loves
both of her parents. It is also undisputed that she has been the main
caregiver for her aged parents since 1993.[note: 175] But I find that TCS is,
or perceives herself to be, alienated from her family – and particularly from
her siblings, as opposed to her parents – for two reasons. First, TKT tended
to favour his sons over his daughters. That is unfortunate, but it is typical
of his generation. I have no doubt that TCS, given her undoubted intelligence
and her status as the eldest child, felt that favouritism most acutely.
Second, TCS was, by her own election, the only child of the family who did not
build a career in the family business. TCP and TCH devoted their entire
working lives to the family business. TCG and TYK each gave up their
professions to build their careers in the family business. TCS deliberately
chose to build her career, successful as it was, outside the family business.

182 All of this clearly still rankles with TCS. As TCS herself puts it, she
believes that TKT saw her as “the unmarried daughter [who] didn’t ... live up
to his aspirations of a successful entrepreneur:[note: 176]

Ct: |  _Dr Tan, you keep mentioning the sons. Are you saying it was different for the daughters?_  
---|---  
A: |  _He had high hopes for the sons._  
Ct: |  I understand, but is there a reason why you don’t speak of the daughters?  
A: |  _For the daughters, I was a black sheep._  
Mr Khoo: |  Precisely.  
Ct: |  I wasn’t asking about you, Dr Tan. I was asking you why, in your characterisation of your father’s aspirations, you mention only the sons.  
A: |  I had opted out of the family business.  
Ct: |  I’m not asking about you.  
A: |  Yes, so his hopes were for the sons.  
Ct: |  Your father had two daughters.  
A: |  Yes.  
… |   
Ct: |  That is why I’m not asking about you, I’m asking about the daughters.  
A: |  Choo Pin was married and, you know, he also gave her an oil mill to run, Singapore Oil Mill. Until that became, you know – I don’t know the history, didn’t work out well, so she joined the company.  
Ct: |  I wasn’t asking for specifics. I was asking why you mentioned only the sons. I think you mentioned your father’s aspirations for his sons twice in your last answer –  
A: |  Yes.  
Ct: |  \-- that’s the only reason I asked you whether you were suggesting that he didn’t have the same aspirations for his daughters.  
A: |  _He had the same, except that, you know, the unmarried daughter didn’t, you know, live up to his aspirations of a successful entrepreneur._  
Ct: |  Again, I’m not asking about you Dr Tan. I’m asking about the daughters as a class. Sons as a class, daughters as a class.  
A: |  _Yes, you could – yes, he – you know, he was very focused on the sons._  
Ct: |  I see.  
Mr Khoo: |  _He looked to his sons to carry on the business he started 50 or 60 years ago?_  
A: |  _Yes._  
  
  

[emphasis added]

183 In 1993, TCS made the decision to re-enter her parents’ lives after having
been away for the most part of the two preceding decades. TKT and NGO
gradually fell under TCS’s influence over the years. This influence became
most pronounced after the Bajumi litigation ended in 2004. It is impossible to
say whether TCS acquired and exercised this influence as a result of a
deliberate plan or as the natural consequence of the increase in the amount of
time which TCS spent with TKT and NGO when they were most in need of her care
and required the most assistance in decision-making. But the influence was
real in the case of TKT and is real and ongoing in the case of NGO.

184 TCS’s influence over NGO, at least in respect of these proceedings, was
apparent to all who were in court when NGO gave evidence. She was not able to
give coherent answers on many of the key issues in these proceedings and
repeatedly asked her cross-examiners to ask TCS instead. She also testified
that TCS “is the only daughter that take [_sic_] good care of me [and] she
take care of my health and everything” and that “if I [had] anything, I
[would] ask [TCS] to help me to do”.[note: 177] Sadly, TCS’s increasing
influence over her parents was accompanied by their increasing distance and
expression of displeasure towards their other children.

185 I make a related finding that TCS played a significant role in influencing
TKT’s and NGO’s decisions after the Bajumi litigation ended in 2004. During
that period, TKT and NGO executed numerous documents. I find that TCS was
involved and exercised influence over TKT and NGO in respect of each of these
documents. Her involvement included, at the very least and on her own account,
liaising with and giving directions to the solicitors who prepared the
documents, helping TKT assemble the documents and information for the
preparation of the statutory declarations, and giving the solicitors the
details of the share transfers between the family members.[note: 178] It was
wholly uncharacteristic of TKT to document transactions and events with the
assistance of lawyers. Until then, he had seldom resorted to formal documents,
especially on matters internal to the Tan family.[note: 179] It is clear to me
that all of these documents were generated in order to advance a particular
case that TCS had in mind and without regard for historical accuracy or TKT’s
and NGO’s actual intentions.

186 I now turn to discuss the relevance of these documents together with a
number of other documents which the parties executed.

The parties’ subsequent declarations

The subsequent declarations that are relied on

187 The key documents that post-date the transfers of the assets in issue are:

(a) A will executed by TKT and a joint statement executed by TKT and NGO on 21
April 2006.[note: 180]

(b) A letter of undertaking executed by TCP and TCS on 21 December 2006, which
records TCP’s and TCS’s promise that they will distribute the AAIE shares in
their names to their siblings and to NGO in the agreed proportions that had
been set out in the letter.

(c) A joint will executed by TKT and NGO on 30 March 2007. They executed this
will while TKT was hospitalised in Hong Kong. The terms of this will are
entirely different from the terms of earlier will he had executed in 2006.
Under this 2007 will, the bulk of TKT’s and NGO’s estate was to be applied to
charitable causes.[note: 181]

(d) A deed of gift executed by TKT on 31 January 2008.[note: 182] In the deed,
TKT declared that NGO was holding 2.22% of the shares in AAS on his behalf and
that he gifted those shares to her absolutely. The deed further records that
TKT had made a gift of the Bajumi Shares to NGO after the 2004 Family Meeting
(see [85] above).

(e) TKT’s SDs purportedly executed on 31 January 2008 and 8 May 2008
respectively. These two documents form the pillar of TCS’s case. Their
admissibility and authenticity are fiercely disputed by the parties. The first
statutory declaration sets out TKT’s entire life story and records that TKT
retained the beneficial ownership of all the assets which he had transferred
to the plaintiffs.

(f) The Joint Will. The Joint Will was intended to supersede all preceding
wills. The Joint Will appoints TCS as TKT’s and NGO’s sole executrix and
trustee.[note: 183] Under the terms of the Joint Will, TKT and NGO agreed that
all the income of the assets of the one who predeceased the other would be
used for the benefit of the survivor for the rest of his or her life.[note:
184] After the survivor’s death, the bulk of the estate would be devoted
ultimately to various charitable causes in Hong Kong, China and
Singapore.[note: 185]

(g) The Joint Codicil supplements the Joint Will and declares, amongst other
things, that TCS was added as a joint tenant in 2003 to a property which TKT
and NGO owned in Sydney, and that TCS was to inherit their flat located at 504
Bowen Mansion, Hong Kong after they had both died. The validity of the Joint
Codicil is not challenged by the plaintiffs.

(h) A letter of offer written by TKT and NGO to their children on 16 August
2008.[note: 186] TKT and NGO inform their children in this letter that they
will not be giving the children any shares in AAS but instead, were prepared
to give them shares in AAIE.

(i) A draft of a deed of family arrangement and release that was circulated to
the siblings at the reading of the Joint Will on 2 April 2009.[note: 187] The
draft was subsequently executed on 3 August 2009.[note: 188] The defendants
submit that this document is wholly inconsistent with the plaintiffs’ alleged
entitlements to the assets in question and that therefore their lack of
objections to the document is telling.[note: 189]

The rule in Shephard v Cartwright

188 To analyse the effect of these subsequent statements on the parties’
proprietary rights, I begin with the case of _Shephard v Cartwright_ [1955] AC
431.

189 The facts in _Shephard v Cartwright_ were broadly similar to the present
case. A father caused a large part of the shares in a company for which he had
subscribed to be allotted in varying proportions to his three children. There
was little or no evidence as to the circumstances in which the allotments were
made. In the years that followed, the three children complied with their
father’s instructions and signed various documents without understanding what
they were doing. After the father passed away, the children started an action
against the executors of the father’s estate and asserted a beneficial right
to the shares that were in their names. The House of Lords allowed the
children’s claim, holding that that the presumption of advancement applied and
that the children therefore did not hold the shares on resulting trust for
their father’s estate.

190 Of particular relevance in _Shephard v Cartwright_ is the way in which the
House of Lords dealt with acts and declarations made by the parties subsequent
to the relevant transactions. At 445–446 of the decision, Viscount Simonds
stated:

It must then be asked by what evidence can the presumption [of advancement] be
rebutted, and it would, I think, be very unfortunate if any doubt were cast …
upon the well-settled law on this subject. It is, I think, correctly stated in
substantially the same terms in every textbook that I have consulted and
supported by authority extending over a long period of time. I will take, as
an example, a passage from Snell’s Equity, 24th ed., p. 153, which is as
follows:

_“The acts and declarations of the parties before or at the time of the
purchase, or so immediately after it as to constitute a part of the
transaction, are admissible in evidence either for or against the party who
did the act or made the declaration … But subsequent declarations are
admissible as evidence only against the party who made them, and not in his
favour.”_

… the burden of authority in favour of the broad proposition as stated in the
passage I have cited is overwhelming and should not be disturbed.

[emphasis added]

There is, as Viscount Simonds pointed out at 446:

… room for argument whether a subsequent act is part of the same transaction
as the original purchase or transfer, and equally whether subsequent acts
which it is sought to adduce in evidence ought to be regarded as admissions by
the party so acting, and whether, if they are so admitted, further facts
should be admitted by way of qualification of those admissions.

191 Three principles directly applicable to the facts emerge from Viscount
Simonds’s speech:

(a) The general rule is that subsequent acts and declarations which are _in
favour_ of the party who made them are not admissible as evidence to rebut the
presumption of advancement.

(b) An exception to this general rule admits subsequent acts and declarations
which are so closely connected in time to the original act, _ie_ , the
purchase or the transfer, as to be part of the same transaction.

(c) Declarations that are against the interest of a party to the transaction
fall outside the scope of the general rule.

192 On the facts of this case, a subsequent declaration may be admitted under
the proposition at [191(c)] above in two different ways:

(a) where a subsequent declaration of _TKT_ tends to show that he intended to
give a certain asset to a particular transferee by transferring that asset to
that transferee; and

(b) where a subsequent declaration of a _transferee_ tends to show that the
transferee acknowledged receiving that asset as trustee and not as absolute
owner.

A new approach?

193 This general rule has been accepted in Singapore. In _Teo Siew Har v Lee
Kuan Yew_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 410, the Court of Appeal said at [34]:

… The logic for [the rule in _Shephard v Cartwright_] makes a lot of practical
sense. Otherwise, it would mean that a party could advance his own case by
making unilateral statements.

194 But counsel for TCS argues for a new approach that eschews a rule
excluding subsequent acts which are in favour of the party who made them but
allows them to be proved and leaves it to the court to attach to that evidence
the appropriate weight. This new approach was referred to by Belinda Ang Saw
Ean J in _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Giok Bie Jao and others_ [2012] SGHC 56.
After setting out the rule in _Shephard v Cartwright_ , Ang J went on to say
at [16]:

… However, in the latest edition the authors of _Snell’s Equity_ (32nd Ed,
2010) suggested that such evidence should not be excluded but left to the
court to decide on the weight to be given to it (see emphasis in bold below).
Para 25-013 states:

_Contemporaneous and subsequent conduct_. The acts and declarations of the
parties before or at the time of the purchase, or so immediately after it as
to constitute a part of the transaction, are admissible in evidence either for
or against the party who did the act or made the declaration. It has been held
that subsequent acts and declarations may only be admissible as evidence
against the party who made them, and not in his favour. **_The preferable
approach nowadays may be to treat the parties’ subsequent conduct as
admissible even in their own favour, and to leave the court free to assess its
probative weight. This approach would be consistent with the looser
significance attached to the presumptions of resulting trust and of
advancement in the modern authorities._**

…

While local courts have previously expressed approval of the rule originally
cited in _Shephard v Cartwright_ , the new approach seems eminently sensible.
However, it is unnecessary for me to express a formal view on the matter to
dispose of this case and I leave it to another forum to ponder on the new
approach.

[emphasis in original]

195 Ang J’s observation that the new approach is “eminently sensible” is, as
she herself acknowledges, _obiter_. The present case too does not require me
to conclude whether the rule in _Shepard v Cartwright_ continues to apply. To
my mind, the new approach is not inconsistent with the general rule insofar as
it accommodates the caution with which a court must approach subsequent self-
serving declarations, because of the risk of a party using post-transaction
declarations with hindsight to recast their initial intent in order to bolster
the case they now advance. The principle that self-serving evidence is of
little probative value underpins both the established approach which excludes
it entirely and the new approach which makes its self-serving potential
ultimately a matter of weight.

TKT’s declarations are inadmissible or not deserving of weight

196 Returning to the present case, I find that even if I accept that the new
approach ought to be adopted, little or no weight should be given to the
subsequent declarations on which the parties rely, especially those on which
the defendants rely. The subsequent declarations listed at [187] above that
are relied on by parties are too far removed in terms of time from the
transactions in question. On no view could they be plausibly be argued to be
part of the transactions in question.

197 The subsequent declarations made by TKT that the defendants rely on are
also highly self-serving in nature. What TKT says about his intention two
decades after the relevant events, at a time when he might have wished for
whatever reason to reassert an interest in shares, cannot alter the fact that
the transactions two decades earlier carried proprietary consequences which
fixed ownership at that time. In the words of Viscount Simonds in _Shephard v
Cartwright_ at 450, “[h]e may well have changed his mind at a later date, but
it was too late”.

198 Further, the subsequent statements such as TKT’s SDs and his letters to
his children were executed and written after TCS began to spend more time with
NGO and TKT and came to exercise influence over them. That is another ground
on which I find their contents an unreliable indication of TKT’s intent at the
time of the transfers.

199 Lastly, I accept the plaintiffs’ submission that it is appropriate to draw
an adverse inference against the defendants for not calling as witnesses the
lawyers who prepared TKT’s SDs (_ie_ , John Brewer and Hwang Sok Inn).[note:
190] This omission serves only to cast greater doubt over these documents and
whether they genuinely express TKT’s thinking, whether at the time of the
transfers or even at the time he made the SDs.

TKT’s subsequent declarations against interest are admissible

200 I move on to consider whether any of the subsequent declarations by TKT
are declarations against his interest so as to be admissible under the rule in
_Shephard v Cartwright_ (see [191(c)] above).

201 There are subsequent declarations by TKT which are very clearly against
his interest. On 6 December 1996, TKT affirmed an affidavit in the Bajumi
litigation. In that affidavit, his evidence unequivocally asserted that he
then had no interest of any kind in the shares of AAS.[note: 191] For example,
when Bajumi Wahab suggested to TKT that the Tan and the Bajumi families should
part ways, TKT said that he replied that he “no longer had any say in the
matter as [he] was no longer, and had not been[,] a shareholder in [AAS] for a
long time”.[note: 192] At another place in the same affidavit, TKT said that
he repeatedly told Bajumi Wahab that he “was in no position to speak since
[he] was no longer a shareholder of [AAS]”.[note: 193] When threatened by
Bajumi Wahab, TKT replied that any losses would not be his but that they would
be his children’s instead.

202 These statements are all contrary to TKT’s interest. They clearly show TKT
saying that he not only had no legal interest in any shares in AAS but also
that it was his children and not him who owned the beneficial interest in
shares in AAS.

203 TCS sought to explain away TKT’s statements by saying that her father was
speaking in “litigation mode”.[note: 194] When pressed to explain what she
meant by “litigation mode”, TCS said that while in “litigation mode”, one
“might rephrase or put certain facts or statements not necessarily
explicitly”.[note: 195]

204 TCS was then confronted with another of TKT’s affidavits filed in the
Bajumi litigation, this one filed on 5 March 1998. In this affidavit, TKT made
several additional statements which suggested again that he no longer
considered that he had any beneficial interest in AAS shares.[note: 196] Once
again, TCS maintained that her father was in “litigation mode”. I reproduce
the relevant part of TCS’s cross-examination which sheds light on what she
means by “litigation mode”:

Q: |  Well, this is what you father states in his affidavit.  
---|---  
A: |  Yes. So, as you say, litigation mode, this is the second of two affidavits filed for that litigation.  
Court: |  But you’re not suggesting, by using the phrase “litigation mode”, that your father would be lying to the court?  
A: |  No, but I – well, he lied then, you know. …  
  
  

205 I attach great weight to these statements by TKT. They are statements
against his interest in the context of the present proceedings in that the
statements disclaim ownership of an asset which his estate now seeks to claim
as his property. It is, of course, true that these statements were self-
serving statements in the context of the Bajumi litigation. They supported
TKT’s case that the core dispute in the Bajumi litigation was between the
Bajumi family and his children, and not with him. I also bear in mind that
these statements might be said to carry less weight because they came over a
decade since the last of the relevant allotments or transfers of shares. But
TKT made these statements as solemn, sworn declarations on oath and subject to
the penalties for perjury. I do not consider TKT to be a dishonest person,
whether in “litigation mode” or otherwise. These statements establish very
clearly that by 1996, TKT did not consider himself to be the owner of any
shares in AAS whether at law or in equity. The defendants’ case is based on
TKT owning the AAS shares in equity without interruption from the time of
their allotment to date. In the face of these statements by TKT, the
defendants’ case is unsustainable.

206 I cannot leave this part of the case without recording my dismay at seeing
a child traduce her father in this unjustifiable and unseemly way,
particularly where her father is no longer able to defend his good name.

The plaintiffs’ subsequent declarations against interest

207 I turn to consider whether any of the acts and declarations of the
plaintiffs are admissions against their interest and therefore admissible.
Viscount Simonds made the important point in _Shephard v Cartwright_ that the
conduct of a child can constitute an admission of the father’s original intent
only if the child knew the material facts at the time of the conduct. As
Viscount Simonds said (at 446):

… I conceive it possible, and this view is supported by authority, that there
might be such a course of conduct by a child after a presumed advancement as
to constitute an admission by him of his parent’s original intention, though
such evidence should be regarded jealously. _But it appears to me to be an
indispensable condition of such conduct being admissible that it should be
performed with knowledge of the material facts_. In the present case the
undisputed fact that the appellants under the father’s guidance did what they
were told without inquiry or knowledge precludes the admission in evidence of
their conduct and, if it were admitted, would deprive it of all presumption
value. …

[emphasis added]

In _Shephard v Cartwright_ , the children merely obeyed the father’s
instructions and did what they were told without inquiry or knowledge. Their
obedience was not conduct from which an inference rebutting the presumption of
advancement could be drawn.

208 The plaintiffs in the present case were not as clueless as the appellants
in _Shephard v Cartwright_. The fact remains, however, that they deferred to
TKT’s directions and dealt with assets that were in their names according to
TKT’s wishes. As I have observed at [179] above, I do not consider it
appropriate to draw inferences about their proprietary rights in assets which
they transferred away simply from the fact that they did so at TKT’s
suggestion or on his direction. It appears to me far more likely that they
acted on his directions out of love and affection and a feeling of moral duty
than from any acknowledgment that he continued to be the owner in equity of
the assets.

Conclusion on subsequent declarations

209 To conclude, save as set out at [200] – [206] above, it is inappropriate
to draw any inferences from any of the acts or declarations of TKT or of the
plaintiffs after the various assets transfers took place.

Beneficial ownership of the AAS Shares

210 Having covered the preliminary issues, I now give the grounds of my
decision in relation to each group of assets which the plaintiffs claim to own
in equity.

Summary of the parties’ positions

211 To summarise: the plaintiffs claim the AAS Shares, which are 2.54m shares
in AAS registered in TCS’s name. These shares went through two sets of
transfers. The first set involved a series of transfers from TKT to the
plaintiffs, while the second set was a series of transfers from the plaintiffs
to TCS.

212 The plaintiffs’ position is that, with one exception, all of the AAS
Shares which TKT allotted to them or transferred to them before 1985 were
gifts to each of them. The one exception is TKT’s transfer in 1985 of 19,710
shares in AAS to TCH (see [63] above). I analyse this transfer more fully at
[222] – [226] below. The plaintiffs say no resulting trust arises in relation
to the gifted shares because the presumption of resulting trust is rebutted
either by direct evidence of TKT’s intent to benefit each recipient, or by the
presumption of advancement. In the alternative, the plaintiffs rely on a
common intention constructive trust or the doctrine of proprietary estoppel.

213 In relation to the second series of transfers from the plaintiffs to TCS,
the plaintiffs’ evidence is that they had no intention whatsoever to benefit
TCS personally by these transfers. Consequently, they argue, TCS holds these
shares on resulting trust for each plaintiff in proportion to that plaintiff’s
percentage of the Tan family’s total block of shares in AAS in 1985, ignoring
for this purpose the 50% block of AAS shares held by the Bajumis (see [64]
above).

214 The defendants’ case, on the other hand, is that TKT never parted with the
beneficial ownership of the AAS Shares.[note: 197] They submit that at all
material times, the parties held all the shares which they received either
from TKT or on his direction on a bare trust for TKT. Thus, they submit, the
various transfers of the AAS Shares had no implications on TKT’s beneficial
ownership of the shares.[note: 198] On their case, TCS now holds all of the
AAS Shares on trust for TKT’s estate alone.

215 It is undisputed that no shares were ever allotted or transferred subject
to an express trust. The question then is whether: (i) a resulting trust arose
in favour of TKT in the first set of transfers; and (ii) whether a resulting
trust arose in favour of the transferors in the second set of transfers.

The law on resulting trusts

216 A presumed resulting trust arises in favour of A where A provides the
consideration, wholly or in part, for the acquisition of property, legal title
to which is vested in B alone or in the joint names of A and B. It also arises
where A makes a voluntary transfer of property, either into the sole name of B
or into the joint names of A and B, without receiving any consideration in
return. In both circumstances, a rebuttable presumption of law will arise that
A did not intend his contribution to the acquisition or his voluntary transfer
to be a gift to B. B therefore holds his interest in the property on trust for
A (though in the former case, this will be in proportion to their respective
contributions to the property). This is the presumption of resulting trust.

217 Independent of the presumption of resulting trust, a resulting trust may
also arise so long as it can be shown that the transfer was not intended to
benefit the transferee: see _Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun_ [2014] 3 SLR 1048
at [43] (“ _Chan Yuen Lan_ ”) citing _Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and
another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 (“ _Lau Siew Kim_ ”) at [35]. In other words, a
resulting trust may arise either by relying on the presumption of resulting
trust or by adducing direct evidence to show that the transferor had no
intention to benefit the transferee. The Court of Appeal in _Lau Siew Kim_
further indicated (at [59]) that direct evidence is to be preferred over the
use of presumptions, for only where “there is no direct evidence that may
reveal the intention of the parties … will there be any necessity to _infer_
or _presume_ intention” [emphasis in original].

218 If there is direct evidence to show that the transferor did not intend to
benefit the transferee, a resulting trust arises. If there is no direct
evidence available but the parties’ relationship is such that a presumption of
resulting trust arises, the court then moves to the next stage of analysis.
There are two ways to rebut the presumption of resulting trust: (i) by using
direct evidence to show that A did in fact intend to make a gift to B or (ii)
by displacing the presumption of resulting trust with the presumption of
advancement. The presumption of advancement arises only when a gift is made in
limited, recognised relationships such as a parent-child relationship, a
relationship involving persons in _loco parentis_ to a child or a spousal
relationship: see _Lau Siew Kim_ at [56].

219 It bears reiterating that, on the resulting trust analysis, the parties’
beneficial interests are fixed once and for all at the time of the transfer,
disregarding any events which occur _after_ the transfer including a change in
the parties’ intentions.

First set of transfers: no resulting trust in favour of TKT

220 I turn to consider whether a resulting trust arose in favour of TKT in
each of the transfers. The relevant transfers are set out at [58] to [63]
above. When TKT allotted or transferred the AAS Shares to the plaintiffs, the
plaintiffs must have taken those shares either as absolute owners or as
trustees.

221 In brief, I find that TKT made a gift to his children of all the shares
which he allotted or transferred to them before 1985. This finding applies to
the shares which TKT allotted to his children in 1968 and 1974, to the shares
which TKT transferred to his children in 1975 and 1985, as well as to the
shares which the Bajumi family transferred to the children in 1979, 1980 and
1981 for which TKT provided the consideration.

(1) TKT’s transfer of 19,710 shares to TCH in 1985

222 The only one of this first set of transfers for which the transferee
claims to have given TKT consideration for the transfer is TKT’s transfer of
19,710 shares to TCH in 1985 (see [63] above). TCH’s evidence is that he paid
TKT $20 per share, or a total of $394,200, for these 19,710 shares. He says,
therefore, that he purchased these shares and did not receive them as a gift
from TKT. TCH’s evidence is that the $394,200 which he paid TKT came in part
from TCH’s interest in a company called Goodyear Timber and in part from his
own funds.

223 I do not accept TCH’s evidence. I find it more probable than not that TKT
either transferred the shares to TCH without consideration or that the
ultimate source of both the shares and the $394,200 in consideration for these
shares came from TKT.

224 There is nothing to suggest that this particular transaction by which TKT
transferred his shares to a child was any different from all the other and
earlier transactions in which TKT transferred his shares to his children. It
is undisputed that TKT received no consideration for any of those other
transfers. There does not seem to be any reason why TKT would put this
transfer to TCH on a different footing from all the other transfers to all his
children, including TCH, and require TCH to pay for these shares and only
these shares.

225 Furthermore, if, as the plaintiffs assert, TKT transferred these 19,710
shares to TCH in order to increase TCH’s shareholding in AAS and reduce the
gap between TCH’s share of AAS and his two older brothers’ share of AAS,[note:
199] it is even more curious that TKT should have required TCH to pay for
these shares when he did not require TYK or TCG to pay for their larger
shareholdings with which TCH was supposedly being allowed to catch up.

226 I therefore find that, like all the other transfers from TKT to his
children, TCH provided no consideration to TKT for the 19,710 shares in AAS
which TKT transferred to TCH in 1985.

227 I now turn to consider whether there is a presumption of resulting trust
in relation to all of the transfers which comprise this first set of
transfers.

(2) Presumption of resulting trust arises

228 I start by stating that there is no direct evidence of TKT’s intent when
he allotted or transferred any of the shares to any of the plaintiffs. Even
TCS herself concedes that TKT never told his children that they were to hold
the shares on trust for him.[note: 200] But the fact that the plaintiffs
provided no consideration for any of the shares suffices to raise a
presumption of resulting trust in favour of TKT.

229 I move on to consider whether the presumption of resulting trust is
rebutted.

(3) Direct evidence that rebuts the presumption of resulting trust

230 I am satisfied that there is sufficient evidence to rebut the presumption
of resulting trust. The plaintiffs have proved, on the balance of
probabilities, that TKT intended to make a gift of the shares to his children
when he allotted or transferred shares to them or provided the consideration
for shares transferred into their names. The plaintiffs concede that they did
not have knowledge of the transactions, especially the initial allotments,
until some years later. But this does not prevent the presumption of resulting
trust from being rebutted or prevent the shares from being gifts to them: see
_Shephard v Cartwright_ at 450.

231 I am persuaded on two grounds. First, I accept the plaintiffs’ evidence
that TKT transferred the shares to them as an incentive for them to work hard
in AAS. The plaintiffs testified that TKT represented to them from the time
they started work at AAS, and thereafter from time to time throughout the
years, that they had a stake in AAS and should thus work hard at cultivating
the family business.[note: 201] This explains why TKT made all of them, with
the exception of TCS, return to AAS to work after they completed their
tertiary education. The shares which TKT vested in his children could not have
been an incentive to them to work hard if they did not belong to the children
absolutely. I therefore find that TKT’s intent was that all of the shares he
allotted or transferred to his children should belong to his children
absolutely.

232 Second, it is, to my mind, not a coincidence that as at 1985, the
allotments and transfers by TKT, as well as the transfers that he directed,
led to his three sons holding the bulk of the shares that the Tan family had
in AAS. It will be recalled that the Tan family and the Bajumi family each
held 50% of the share capital of AAS in 1985. TKT’s three sons held 77.8% of
the 50% of the shares in AAS that belonged to the Tan family.[note: 202] In
contrast, TCP and TCS each held 8.89% and NGO held 4.44% of the Tan family’s
50% of AAS. I find it more probable than not that this shareholding structure
was by TKT’s design. As I have observed, TKT wanted his sons to play an
increasingly larger role in AAS and eventually to take over the business from
him. This explains why TCG, TYK and TCH held more shares as compared to TCS
and TCP, the latter who had worked in AAS for a similar length of time to
TKT’s sons.

233 It also the case that, even as between his sons, TKT placed a greater
burden of expectation on TCG and TYK as compared to TCH. This explains why TCG
and TYK have equal shareholding in AAS. It also explains why TCH’s
shareholding is less than TCG’s and TYK’s. If TKT’s intent was that none of
the plaintiffs should hold their shares absolutely, the legal ownership of the
shares would be of no consequence at all. There would have been no need for
TKT to structure the shareholdings so carefully to reflect his own beliefs,
desires and expectations.

234 I am therefore of the view that there is sufficient evidence to rebut the
presumption of resulting trust in this case. TKT, I find, had the intention to
allot or transfer the shares to the plaintiffs as gifts.

235 In any event, I accept the plaintiffs’ submission that even if these
inferences which I have drawn from the direct evidence are insufficient to
rebut the presumption of resulting trust, the presumption of advancement
operates. The Court of Appeal held in _Lau Siew Kim_ at [68] that there is no
reason to preclude adult children from benefiting from the presumption of
advancement. This is because the presumption of advancement rests no less on
affection than on dependency. The presumption logically applies to all
gratuitous transfers from a parent to _any_ child, regardless of the age of
the child or the degree of dependency of the child on the parent: see _Lau
Siew Kim_ at [68]; _Pecore v Pecore_ [2007] 1 SCR 795 at [90] to [103]. Thus,
the fact that TKT’s children were adults at the time of the first set of
transfers is quite irrelevant to the application of the presumption of
advancement.

236 The defendants have also failed to adduce evidence that sufficiently
rebuts the presumption of advancement in respect of the various transfers from
TKT to the plaintiffs.

(4) Conclusion on the first set of transfers

237 I therefore find that a presumption of resulting trust arose in relation
to each transfer within the first set of transfers by TKT. I find, however,
that that presumption of resulting trust in respect of each transfer is
rebutted by direct evidence that TKT’s intention was to allot or transfer all
of these shares to his children as gifts. In the alternative, I find that the
presumption of resulting trust in respect of each transfer is rebutted by the
presumption of advancement that arises by virtue of the father-child
relationship that subsisted between TKT and each transferee.

238 In conclusion, each registered shareholder was the absolute owner of the
AAS shares which he or she held in 1985. To reiterate, the shareholding in
1985 was as follows (see [64] above):

Shareholder  |  Number of shares |  Percentage of shareholding  
---|---|---  
NGO |  39,420 |  2.22%  
TCS |  78,840 |  4.44%  
TCG |  243,090 |  13.70%  
TYK |  243,090 |  13.70%  
TCP |  78,840 |  4.44%  
TCH |  203,670 |  11.48%  
Bajumi family |  886,950 |  50.00%  
Total |  1,773,900 |  100.00%  
  
  

The second set of transfers: resulting trusts in favour of transferors

239 I move on to ascertain the proprietary consequences of the second set of
transfers, by which the plaintiffs transferred their AAS shares ultimately to
TCS. The relevant transfers are set out at [67] to [75] above. In brief, I
find that a resulting trust arose in favour of each plaintiff over the shares
comprised in each transfer to TCS.

240 In relation to TCP’s transfer of shares to TCS in 2007, I am satisfied
that there is sufficient evidence that TCP had no intention whatsoever for the
shares to be a gift to TCS. This is clear from the statutory declaration which
she executed a day before the transfer expressly denying any such intention.
Thus, a resulting trust arises in favour of TCP in relation to these shares.

241 As for the rest of the transfers to TCS by TCG, TYK and TCH, I have before
me the direct evidence of each transferor that he had no intention whatsoever
to make a gift of the shares, whether to TCS, to TKT or to anyone else. To
explain these transfers, the plaintiffs have given evidence that they were
pursuing a plan to consolidate the Tan family’s AAS shares in TCS’s hands as a
first step to setting up a Tan family trust. I have found that no such trust
exists (see [294] below). However, I do accept that the parties intended to
establish such a trust and that these transfers were part of the preparatory
steps to doing so. I therefore accept the plaintiffs’ evidence of an intention
to establish a Tan family trust as direct evidence of their reason for
transferring their AAS shares to TCS, and as corroborating their oral evidence
denying any intention whatsoever that these transfers should, in themselves,
immediately convey away from them absolute ownership of the AAS shares.

242 In any event, even without direct evidence, a presumption of resulting
trust arises in relation to each transfer to TCS because she provided no
consideration for any of these transfers. TCS has not provided any evidence to
show that the plaintiffs intended to make a gift of those shares, whether to
her or to TKT or to anyone else. She has failed to rebut the presumption of
resulting trust. Whether the transfers took place on TKT’s instructions or on
these plaintiffs’ own initiative, I am satisfied that TCG, TYK and TCH had no
intention to divest themselves of absolute ownership of these shares.

243 Further, TCS is wholly unable to rely on the presumption of advancement to
rebut the presumption of resulting trust which I have found arises in this
case. This is because the presumption of advancement does not apply in a
sibling relationship. In _Chan Gek Yong v Chan Gek Lan_ [2008] SGHC 167, Woo
Bih Li J cited _Gorog v Kiss_ [1977] 16 OR (2d) 569 and _Loo Hon Kong v Loo
Kim Lim @ Loo Kim Leong_ [2004] 4 AMR 591 and remarked at [17] that “there
exists no presumption of advancement between siblings”. The presumption that
TCS holds her shares on resulting trust for the plaintiffs stands without
rebuttal.

244 It therefore follows that TCS holds the AAS Shares on resulting trust for
each plaintiff in proportion to that plaintiff’s percentage of the Tan
family’s total block of shares in AAS in 1985, as set out at [238] above. As a
trustee of these shares for the plaintiffs under a resulting trust, TCS has a
duty to account for the shares and for their fruits, which include the
dividends or any other income arising from the shares from the time she became
trustee of those shares.

The plaintiffs’ alternative claims

245 Having found for the plaintiffs on their primary claim of a resulting
trust over the AAS Shares, I need not address their alternative claims for a
common intention constructive trust or proprietary estoppel.

Do the defences apply?

246 TCS pleads two main defences.[note: 203] First, she submits that the
plaintiffs’ claim is time-barred under the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev
Ed). Second, she submits that the plaintiffs’ claim is barred by the doctrine
of laches. I will consider each defence, even though parties did not fully
address them in their submissions.[note: 204]

(1) Limitation

247 Under s 22(2) of the Limitation Act, actions based on breach of trust are
subject to a limitation period of six years from the date on which the right
of action accrued. However, s 22(1) establishes an exception to this rule. The
relevant portions of s 22 of the Limitation Act read as follows:

**Limitations of actions in respect of trust property**

**22.** —(1) No period of limitation prescribed by this Act shall apply to an
action by a beneficiary under a trust, being an action —

...

(_b_) to recover from the trustee trust property or the proceeds thereof in
the possession of the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and
converted to his use.

(2) Subject to subsection (1), an action by a beneficiary to recover trust
property or in respect of any breach of trust, not being an action for which a
period of limitation is prescribed by any other provision of this Act, shall
not be brought after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the
right of action accrued.

…

248 Section 22(1)(_b_) provides that the six-year limitation period does not
apply to an action by a beneficiary “to recover from the trustee trust
property or the proceeds of trust property in the possession of the trustee,
or previously received by the trustee and converted to his use.” The exception
applies whenever a trustee retains trust property, or its proceeds, in her
hands: see Robert Pearce, John Stevens and Warren Barr, _The Law of Trusts and
Equitable Obligations_ (5th Ed, Oxford University Press, 2010) at p 900.

249 Section 2 of the Limitation Act defines the terms “trust” and “trustee” as
“[having] the same meanings as in the Trustees Act [Cap. 337]”. This is a
reference to s 3 of the Trustees Act (Cap 337, 2005 Rev Ed), which defines the
terms “trust” and “trustees” as including “implied and constructive trusts,
and ... cases where the trustee has a beneficial interest in the trust
property, and to the duties incident to the office of a personal
representative”.

250 Although the definition does not include resulting trusts, the weight of
authority suggests that resulting trusts are dealt with on the same footing as
express and constructive trusts for the purposes of the section: see David
Hayton, Paul Matthews and Charles Mitchell, _Underhill and Hayton Law of
Trusts and Trustees_ (18th Ed, LexisNexis, 2010) at para 94.2; John Mowbray QC
_et al_ , _Lewin on Trusts_ (19th Ed, Sweet & Maxwell, 2015) (“Lewin on
Trusts”) at para 7-004.

251 I therefore find that the plaintiffs’ claims against TCS in respect of the
resulting trusts that arose over their AAS shares which they transferred to
TCS are not subject to the six-year limitation period in s 22(2) of the
Limitation Act as they fall within the scope of s 22(1)(_b_).

(2) Doctrine of laches

252 TCS further argues that the plaintiffs are guilty of prolonged, inordinate
and inexcusable delay in bringing this action and are therefore barred by the
doctrine of laches from claiming the relief they now seek.

253 Section 32 of the Limitation Act preserves the equitable doctrine of
laches as a defence: see _Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee (alias Tan Kow Kwee)_
[2007] 2 SLR(R) 417 (“ _Tan Kow Quee_ ”) at [28], _British and Malayan
Trustees Ltd v Sindo Realty Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and other actions_ [1998]
1 SLR(R) 903 at [64]. The section reads:

**Acquiescence**

**32.** Nothing in this Act shall affect any equitable jurisdiction to refuse
relief on the ground of acquiescence, laches or otherwise.

[emphasis in bold in original]

254 The doctrine of laches is a broad doctrine founded on the concept
unconscionability. Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) considered this
doctrine in _Tan Kow Quee_ and held as follows (at [33]):

33 [The doctrine of laches reflects] a confluence of two factors: delay and
the existence of circumstances that make it inequitable to enforce the claim.
A claimant in equity is bound to pursue his claim without undue delay… The
basis for the equitable intervention of the court is ultimately found in
unconscionability. The following passage from the judgment in _Green v Gaul_
at [42] is instructive:

The modern approach to the defences of laches, acquiescence and estoppel was
considered by this Court in  _Frawley v Neill_ ([2002] CP Reports 20, but
otherwise unreported, 1 March 1999) … After reviewing the earlier authorities
… Aldous LJ (with whom the other members of the court agreed) said:

“In my view the more modern approach should not require an inquiry as to
whether the circumstances can be fitted within the confines of a preconceived
formula derived from earlier cases. _The inquiry should require a broad
approach, directed to ascertaining whether it would in all the circumstances
be unconscionable for a party to be permitted to assert his beneficial right._
No doubt the circumstances which gave rise to a particular result in the
decided cases are relevant to the question whether or not it would be
conscionable or unconscionable for the relief to be asserted, but each case
has to be decided on its facts applying the broad approach.”

[emphasis added]

255 This doctrine encompasses the principle that equity aids the vigilant and
not the indolent. But the plaintiffs in this case have not been indolent. TCS
has not shown that there was inexcusable delay on the plaintiffs’ part in
pursuing their claims to the AAS Shares or that she has been prejudiced in any
way by a delay on their part in putting forward her defence. In fact, the
plaintiffs cannot be faulted for bringing their claims to the AAS shares only
in 2010. The dispute as to the beneficial ownership of the AAS Shares started
only started in late 2009, when TCS refused to comply with the plaintiffs’
demands to return the shares. The dispute continued into January 2010 when TCS
removed TCH and TCP from office in AAS.

256 I therefore find that the plaintiffs acted reasonably promptly in bringing
this action in 2010. I also add that I find that the plaintiffs have not acted
in any way that would cause them to be estopped from reclaiming their
beneficial interest in the AAS Shares.

The Bajumi Shares

257 I now consider the next class of assets: the Bajumi Shares. The Bajumi
Shares are 2,660,850 shares in AAS that the Bajumi family transferred to NGO
in 2004. The relevant facts are set out at [77] to [88] above.

Summary of the parties’ position

258 The plaintiffs rely on a presumed resulting trust to claim beneficial
ownership of the Bajumi Shares. They submit that there was no intention to
make a gift of these shares to NGO in 2004. In the alternative, they rely on a
common intention constructive trust.

259 NGO’s position, on the other hand, is that TKT provided the consideration
for the transfer of the Bajumi Shares and that he intended to make a gift of
the shares to her. According to NGO, she asked for the shares as a gift and
TKT agreed out of recognition of NGO’s contribution to AAS and the
family.[note: 205] In the alternative, she submits that if the shares were
beneficially owned by the family, the family collectively intended to make NGO
the beneficial owner of the shares[note: 206] as recognition for her
contribution to the family.[note: 207]

260 In response to the plaintiffs’ alternative claim, NGO submits that no
common intention constructive trust could have arisen given that she never
shared a common intention to hold the Bajumi Shares on trust for the
plaintiffs. I state at the outset that I agree with this submission. The
plaintiffs’ alternative claim based on a common intention constructive trust
therefore fails.

261 Finally, NGO also argues that she is entitled to the Bajumi Shares as they
constitute matrimonial assets.[note: 208] This claim is without legal basis
and I need only deal with it very briefly. The courts have the power to adjust
property rights in matrimonial assets only upon divorce, judicial separation
or nullity of marriage: s 112(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev
Ed). NGO and TKT never underwent divorce or judicial separation (and needless
to say did not apply for nullity of marriage). The court’s power to divide
matrimonial assets is at no point invoked. NGO has no claim under the Women’s
Charter. Her only claim can be in the law of property.

The resulting trust analysis

262 It is undisputed that NGO did not provide any consideration to the Bajumi
family for the Bajumi Shares. The question then is whether a resulting trust
arose over the Bajumi Shares in favour of the person or persons who did
provide the consideration. Two issues must be determined:

(a) Who provided the consideration for the Bajumi Shares?

(b) Is it proved or presumed that they intended to make a gift of the shares
to NGO?

I turn to answer these questions in their logical sequence.

(1) Who provided the consideration for the Bajumi Shares?

263 Under the settlement agreement in the Bajumi litigation, the Bajumi family
agreed to transfer their 50% shareholding in AAS to the Tan family in exchange
for $7.6m.[note: 209] The question, therefore, is who is to be treated as the
source of this payment.

264 As set out at [81] above, the $7.6m paid to the Bajumi family came from
the DBS Term Loan. The four borrowers of the DBS Term Loan were TCH, TCP, NGO
and TCS. The interest on the loan was serviced monthly from the No 2 Account.
The principal was ultimately repaid in full using the US$2.8m Balmain deposit
and dividends declared by AAS on 20 July 2005.

265 The plaintiffs’ position on the issue is that the consideration for the
Bajumi Shares should be attributed to the beneficial owners of the AAS shares
(_ie_ , according to the 1985 shareholding). That would make all of the
plaintiffs contributories to the consideration, albeit in varying proportions.
NGO, on the other hand, submits that the repayments of the loan should be
attributed to TKT because he owned both the US$2.8m Balmain deposit and all of
the shares in AAS, and therefore owned also the dividends used to repay the
DBS Term Loan.

266 On the resulting trust analysis, repayments are relevant only if there is
an agreement on how repayment is to be effected at the time the asset is
acquired: see _Lau Siew Kim_ at [116] and [117]. The focus should therefore be
on who took on liability for the DBS Term Loan in 2005. Under the DBS Term
Loan, the four borrowers (_ie_ , TCH, TCP, NGO and TCS) were jointly and
severally liable for the loan. But it is clear that the Tan family did not
intend for any of the four named borrowers personally to bear the ultimate
burden of the loan. It is highly unlikely that NGO, the matriarch of the
family, with no independent income or capital, expected personally to repay
the entire loan or even a fraction of it. Instead, I am satisfied that at the
time the borrowers undertook their obligations under the DBS Term Loan, the
intention was that the loan would be repaid from the fruits of the Tan
family’s AAS shares. The same is true in respect of the funds borrowed by
Balmain which comprised the Balmain deposit. Balmain was a mere proxy. I
therefore find that the purchase consideration for the Bajumi Shares is
attributable collectively to the beneficial owners of the Tan family’s shares
in AAS.

267 The result is that NGO is presumed to hold the beneficial interest in the
50% of AAS comprising the Bajumi Shares on resulting trust for each Tan family
member (including of course herself) in the same proportion in which that Tan
family member owned the Tan family’s block of 50% of the shares in AAS in 1985
(see [238] above).

(2) No intention to benefit NGO

268 The next question is whether the members of the Tan family had any
intention to make a gift of the Bajumi Shares to NGO. The plaintiffs reject
any intention to make a gift of the Bajumi Shares to NGO. In any event, the
presumption of resulting trust operates in favour of the beneficial owners of
the Tan family’s 50% of the shares in AAS.

269 NGO submits that it is crucial that TKT and the Tan family members never
told her at 2004 Family Meeting, or any time thereafter, that the Bajumi
Shares were not a gift to her.[note: 210] This may be true, but it is
ultimately irrelevant. NGO’s belief, as the recipient of the shares, as to the
intent behind the transfer does not determine whether a resulting trust
arises: _Chan Yuen Lan_ at [43]. What matters is the intention of the
transferors of the property.

270 NGO further asserts that the shares were a gift to her because she had
asked for them as a gift and the Tan family wanted to reward her for her
contributions. I do not consider it probable that this would lead the
plaintiffs to transfer the Bajumi Shares to her at their own cost. I also note
that NGO’s evidence that she had asked TKT for the Bajumi Shares was an
unpleaded position. I am therefore inclined to agree with the plaintiffs that
this is an afterthought.[note: 211]

271 The essential fact remains that NGO was never involved in the family
business. I therefore accept the plaintiffs’ submission that it does not make
sense for the owners of the Tan family’s half of AAS to agree to make a gift
to NGO of the Bajumi family’s half of AAS. Taken together with NGO’s existing
2.22% shareholding in AAS, that would have given NGO alone majority control of
AAS. There was no reason for the Tan family to do that.

272 I therefore find, either by the plaintiff’s direct evidence or by NGO’s
inability to rebut the presumption of resulting trust, that the beneficial
owners of the Tan family’s half of AAS had no intention to benefit NGO when
they agreed that the Bajumi family should transfer the Bajumi family’s half of
AAS to NGO. I find it more probable that the parties’ intention was simply
that NGO should hold the shares temporarily, without affecting the parties’
underlying beneficial interests. As the plaintiffs submit, the intention was
to “ _pang_ ” (Hokkien for “put”) the shares with NGO.[note: 212]

(3) Conclusion on the resulting trust analysis

273 NGO has failed to rebut the presumption of a resulting trust in respect of
the Bajumi Shares. The beneficial interest in the Bajumi Shares results back
to each Tan family member (including herself) in the same proportion in which
that Tan family member owned the Tan family's block of 50% of the shares in
AAS in 1985 (see [238] above).

Defences raised by NGO

274 NGO relies on three defences: the doctrine of laches; the time-bar under s
22(2) of the Limitation Act and an estoppel against the plaintiffs. For the
same reasons that led me to dismiss TCS’ defences in relation to the AAS
Shares, I do not accept that any of the defences apply to afford NGO a defence
against the plaintiffs’ claim to the Bajumi Shares.

Conclusion on the Bajumi Shares

275 Given that I have found that NGO is not the beneficial owner of the Bajumi
Shares (save for the 2.22% of the Bajumi Shares which are attributable to NGO
personally), the 2005 Trust Deed in which NGO declared that she holds the
Bajumi Shares on trust for TCS has no effect. NGO was clearly unable to give
away the beneficial ownership to TCS in 2005 as she had no beneficial
ownership in them to begin with.

276 As a trustee of the Bajumi Shares under a resulting trust, NGO has a duty
to account for the shares and for the fruits of those shares, which include
the dividends or any other income arising from the shares from the time she
became trustee of those shares in 2004.

The AAIE Shares

277 I turn to consider the AAIE Shares. The relevant facts in relation to
these shares are at [102] to [104] above.

Summary of the parties’ positions

278 The parties are agreed that TCS holds the AAIE Shares on resulting trust.
They agree also that the beneficial owner of the AAIE Shares is the person or
persons who provided the consideration for the EnGro shares which AAIE
acquired. The only dispute between the parties is as to who provided the
consideration.

Source of consideration

279 It will be recalled that the source of the consideration for the EnGro
shares which AAIE acquired was the Cluny Park Proceeds channelled to TCS via
the 2002 AAS Shareholder Loans and the 2003 AAS Shareholder Loans (see [89] to
[95] above). TCS advanced part of the proceeds of these loans to AAIE by way
of the AAIE loans (see [103] above). That advance made up 70% of the total
consideration which AAIE paid to acquire the EnGro shares from Ssangyong.

280 The ultimate source of the consideration for AAIE’s EnGro shares is
therefore the Tan family’s 50% shareholding in AAS, to which the entirety of
the Cluny Park Proceeds is attributable. The proceeds of the 2002 AAS
Shareholder Loans and the 2003 AAS Shareholder Loans funded by the Cluny Park
Proceeds therefore belong in equity to the beneficial owners of the Tan
family’s shares in AAS in the same proportions in which they own the
beneficial interest in that block of shares. The consideration paid for AAIE’s
EnGro shares is attributable to the Tan family members in the same
proportions. There was no intention to make any gift of the AAIE shares to
TCS, to TCP or to AAIE. The beneficial interest in the AAIE Shares therefore
results back to those same beneficial owners in those same proportions on a
presumed resulting trust.

281 I need not address the submissions of parties on the subsequent
declarations or conduct of the family members in relation to the AAIE Shares
(_eg_ , the letter of offer from the parents to the children referred to at
[187(h)] above and the children’s reply). Their subsequent conduct does not
change the proprietary consequences that took effect when the resulting trust
arose. In any event, as I have discussed at [187] to [209] above, such
declarations, insofar as they are in favour of the parties who made them, are
either inadmissible or entitled to virtually no weight.

The 1.419m EnGro Shares

282 I move on to consider the beneficial ownership of the 1.419m EnGro Shares
that are registered in TCS’s name (see [105] above). It is not entirely clear
if the plaintiffs assert a claim to the beneficial ownership of these shares.
Throughout the proceedings, they have at several points asserted such a claim.
But there is no specific claim for this in their statement of claim or in
TCG’s counterclaim.

283 The plaintiffs do, however, plead a claim for an account of the dividends
arising from the 1.419m EnGro shares under the section on “Tan family funds”
in their statement of claim.[note: 213] At paragraph 13D of the plaintiffs’
reply to defence and counterclaim, the plaintiffs also aver that “the
1,419,000 Engro shares were paid for by the Tan family funds and are held by
[TCS] on trust and for the benefit of the Tan family, any dividends declared
thereon are likewise held by [TCS] on trust and for the benefit of the Tan
family”. I am satisfied that there is no prejudice to any of the parties if I
deal with these shares because it is clear to all that the plaintiffs have
always taken the position that these shares are held on trust for them by TCS.
Both parties also had ample opportunity to submit on the beneficial ownership
of these shares.

284 To summarise, these EnGro shares were bought in late 2007 using money from
the No 2 Account as well as funds from Hong Kong. The plaintiffs argue that
the consideration for the shares came from the Tan family funds and therefore
the Tan family members are the beneficial owners of these EnGro shares. TCS’s
position is that TKT provided the consideration for the shares and that he
gave the shares to TCS.[note: 214] TCS argues that the plaintiffs’ claim
cannot stand given that they concede that they have no idea where the
consideration for the shares came from.[note: 215] TYK, for example, was able
to allege only that TCS “got the funds from whatever that were placed in Hong
Kong, which was taken out to be given to her”. He even conceded that it was
“very possible” that TKT transferred the funds to TCS to purchase the shares.

285 I find that the plaintiffs have failed to prove that they have a
beneficial interest in these EnGro shares. It is fatal to their case that they
are not able to state the source of the consideration, apart from attributing
it to the loose concept of “Tan family funds”. It was made clear in the course
of the proceedings that the shares were purchased using funds from the No 2
Account and funds from Hong Kong. Money from the No 2 Account, given my
finding in S170 (see [303] below), belongs to TCS. The only remaining issue is
whether the funds from Hong Kong can be attributed to the plaintiffs. There is
no evidence before me that they can.

286 TCS’s evidence is that the funds in Hong Kong which were used to pay for
these EnGro shares belonged to TKT. The proprietary effect of that is to give
rise to a resulting trust over these EnGro shares in the same proportion that
TKT’s funds bear to the total acquisition cost. Although a presumption of
resulting trust arises, the counter-presumption of advancement, which presumes
that TKT meant to give the shares to TCS, rebuts it. TCS, however, disclaims
any interest in these EnGro shares and accepts that they belong in equity to
TKT.

287 Given that the plaintiffs are unable to adduce any evidence to show that
the consideration for these EnGro shares is attributable to them, no resulting
trust can arise in favour of the plaintiffs. Thus, the plaintiffs claim to the
beneficial ownership of these shares fails.

The “Tan family funds”

288 The only remaining group of assets in S570 that I have to deal with is
what the plaintiffs have called the Tan family funds. The plaintiffs submit
that TKT and the family members agreed over the years to accumulate and
consolidate under TCS’s control funds which they intended eventually to form
the subject-matter of a family trust. The plaintiffs seek as relief in S570 an
account from TCS of the Tan family funds.[note: 216]

289 According to the plaintiffs, the Tan family funds comprise money derived
from the following sources:[note: 217]

(a) dividends from shares in AAS;

(b) funds derived from the capital reduction exercise undertaken in AAS in or
around 1984;

(c) dividends from the shares in EnGro owned by AAIE and attributable to the
AAIE Shares registered in TCS’s name;

(d) dividends from the 1.419m EnGro shares;

(e) the Cluny Park Proceeds;

(f) proceeds of sale from a property at 143 Tamarind Road which was purchased
in TCS’s name using monies from the Tan family fund; and

(g) rental income from the Katong Property.

TCS, on the other hand, submits that this claim is wholly baseless and that
she has no duty to account to the plaintiffs for any of this money.

290 I do not accept the plaintiffs’ submission that they ever had any
proprietary rights in anything as amorphous as Tan family funds or that a Tan
family trust ever came into existence. There was certainly an intention to
establish a Tan family trust and to accumulate Tan family funds which were
eventually to form part of the subject-matter of that trust. But the Tan
family trust and the Tan family funds were never anything more than a concept
that operated on the minds of the parties and affected their dealings with
each other. No such trust or fund ever existed as a matter of law.

291 I accept that there were many discussions over the years about settling
family funds on an express family trust. In fact, the idea of forming a family
trust came about in the 1980s.[note: 218] This was envisioned to be a way to
consolidate, preserve and safeguard the substantial Tan family wealth for the
Tan family members, for their future generations and for charity. Throughout
the next two decades, the Tan family members had discussions on forming a Tan
family trust. They even went as far as to obtain professional advice on the
mechanics of establishing a trust. For example, TCG consulted Barclaytrust
International sometime in 1991, while TCS corresponded with a Hong Kong law
firm, Deacons, on the issue in 1993.[note: 219]

292 These discussions and informal understandings between the parties explain
why the Tan family was not very concerned over the years with whose names the
various shares or assets were to be registered or held in. They expected all
of that to be addressed when the Tan family trust was eventually constituted.
But the Tan family trust was always envisaged as an express trust. And no
express trust ever came into existence. The parties’ agreement or intention to
set up a Tan family trust did not take legal effect with proprietary
consequences. Further, the intentions of some parties, notably TKT, NGO and
TCS, changed over the course of the years.

293 TCS and NGO are therefore only trustees for the specific discrete assets
which I have found that they each respectively hold on resulting trust for the
plaintiffs (_ie_ , the AAS Shares, the AAIE Shares and the Bajumi Shares) as
well as the fruits of these shares from the time they each became the
resulting trustee of those shares. I have also found that the 2002 and 2003
AAS Shareholder Loans (which were derived from the Cluny Park Proceeds) were
owned beneficially by the Tan family shareholders of AAS in proportion to
their shareholding as at 1985.

294 The plaintiffs did not, however, advance a claim against TCS that she held
on resulting trust the proceeds of AAS’s capital reduction exercise and the
AAS dividends that the plaintiffs gave to TCS before she became a resulting
trustee of the AAS shares. The plaintiffs’ case was that all these assets form
part of larger pool of assets under a Tan family trust. I have found that no
such trust was constituted. Therefore, I reject the plaintiffs’ assertion that
TCS has any general obligation to account as a trustee for anything as
amorphous as the Tan family funds.

295 When I delivered judgment, I dismissed plaintiffs’ entire claim in
relation to the Tan family funds, including their prayer that TCS account for
the Cluny Park Proceeds, including the 2002 AAS Shareholder Loans and the 2003
AAS Shareholder Loans. The parties subsequently attended before me to settle
the terms of the final judgment in these proceedings. The plaintiffs took that
opportunity to ask that I reconsider my decision and order instead that TCS
account for the Cluny Park Proceeds. The plaintiffs submitted that that duty
to account was the necessary and natural consequence of my finding that the
beneficial owners of the proceeds of the 2002 AAS Shareholder Loans and the
2003 AAS Shareholder Loans were the beneficial owners of the Tan family’s
shares in AAS.

296 I have made a primary finding that TCS holds the proceeds of the 2002 AAS
Shareholder Loans and the 2003 AAS Shareholder Loans on resulting trust for
the Tan family members in proportion to their beneficial interest in the Tan
family’s total block of shares in AAS in 1985. In the light of the further
arguments I have heard on this issue, I agree with the plaintiffs that it is
the necessary consequence of my findings that TCS should account to them for
the entirety of the Cluny Park Proceeds.

297 My judgment in this action has yet to be perfected. Both parties accept
that a judge “has an inherent jurisdiction to recall his decision and to hear
further arguments, so long as the order is not yet perfected” (see _Thomson
Plaza (Pte) Ltd v Liquidators of Yaohan Department Store Singapore Pte Ltd (in
liquidation)_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 246 at [6] where the Court of Appeal cited _In
Re Harrison’s Share under a Settlement; Harrison v Harrison_ [1955] 1 Ch 260).

298 I therefore exercise my power to recall my order dismissing the
plaintiffs’ entire claim in respect of the Tan family funds and to substitute
for that a dismissal of the entire claim in respect of the Tan family funds
subject to an order that TCS account to the plaintiffs for the Cluny Park
Proceeds, in the amount of $42,344,761.

Conclusion on S570

299 It follows from my decision in S570 that TKT had no beneficial interest in
the AAS Shares, the Bajumi Shares or the AAIE Shares. The defendants’
counterclaim necessarily fails.

300 It also follows that TCS and NGO have to transfer the assets registered in
their respective names to the plaintiffs in proportion to the plaintiffs’
shareholding in AAS as at 1985 (see [237] above). This, of course, obliges TCS
to transfer the AAS Shares to the plaintiffs and NGO to transfer the Bajumi
Shares to the plaintiffs to recreate the relative shareholding structure set
out in that table. Following the transfers, the plaintiffs may then exercise
the power associated with those shares and convene a meeting to remove or
appoint or reappoint any persons as directors, if they so wish.

301 On this point, I will add that I do not accept the plaintiffs’ submission
that TCS acted in breach of trust by wrongfully removing TCH as a director or
by asking the plaintiffs to vacate AAS’s premises. Although I have found that
TCS held the AAS Shares on resulting trust for the plaintiffs, the resulting
trust does not necessarily impose upon her all the duties of an express
trustee. In _Lonrho plc v Fayed and others (No 2)_ [1992] 1 WLR 1 at 12,
Millett J (as he then was) said, “[i]t is a misake [_sic_] to suppose that in
every situation in which a constructive trust arises the legal owner is
necessarily subject to all the fiduciary obligations and disabilities of an
express trustee.” While Millett J’s comments were made in the context of
constructive trusts, they are equally applicable to resulting trusts, which
also arise by operation of law. In this case, I find that TCS was merely a
bare trustee of the AAS Shares and AAIE Shares. As a bare trustee, her
obligation is simply, when called upon, to transfer the trust property to the
beneficial owner or as the beneficial owner directs (Lewin on Trusts at para
1-028). In addition to this, TCS has an obligation to account for dividends or
any income received in respect of the shares from the time she is a trustee of
those shares.

302 For this reason, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ prayers for damages arising
from TCS’s breach of trust. I also dismiss TCG’s prayer which seeks damages
against TCS for depriving him of his office space in AAB.[note: 220] My
dismissal of these aspects of the plaintiffs’ claims does not, of course,
preclude the plaintiffs from pursuing any claim for breach of trust which may
arise out of taking the accounts which have been ordered.

S170: The Katong Property

303 I move on to the final suit: S170. As I have described at [19] above, this
suit involves only one question: who owns the Katong Property in equity. The
relevant facts are set out at [107] to [115] above. To summarise: TKT
purchased the Katong Property and registered it in NGO’s name in 1952. NGO
conveyed it to TCS in 1974. TCS has been its registered owner since then.

The parties’ positions

304 The plaintiffs claim a beneficial interest in the Katong Property under a
common intention constructive trust or in the alternative, under the doctrine
of proprietary estoppel. The plaintiffs’ position is that when TKT registered
the Katong Property in NGO’s name in 1952, she held it on trust for the
benefit of all the members of the Tan family.[note: 221] When NGO later
transferred the Katong Property to TCS in 1974, they submit, TCS then held it
on trust for the Tan family.

305 TCS’s case, on the other hand, is simply that the Katong Property belongs
to her absolutely.

TCS is absolute owner of the Katong Property

306 The starting point is that TCS, as the legal owner of the Katong Property
today, is entitled absolutely to every incident of ownership of that property
to the extent reflected in the legal title. At this point in the inquiry,
there are no equitable interests in the property to speak of. Equitable
interests are not inherent in property, created and existing automatically and
in parallel with legal interests: _Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v
Islington London Borough Council_ [1996] 1 AC 669 at 706. An equitable
interest in property typically comes into existence only when one of a limited
number of sets of events takes place which are legally significant in that
equity attaches consequences to them which have proprietary effect. The burden
is thus on the plaintiffs to prove that any events recognised in equity have
occurred to give rise to them having an equitable interest in the Katong
property. The plaintiffs have failed to discharge this burden.

307 There is absolutely no basis to assert that either NGO or TCS ever held
the Katong Property on trust for the Tan family. There is no suggestion that
TKT purchased the Katong Property otherwise than with funds that he alone
provided. There is no basis to say that NGO held the Katong Property on trust
for the Tan family when TKT registered it in her name. No doubt, NGO provided
no consideration for the conveyance. But TKT’s decision to register the Katong
Property in NGO’s name could conceivably give rise to a presumption of
resulting trust only in favour of TKT, and not in favour of the entire Tan
family. However, the presumption of resulting trust in this transaction is
comprehensively rebutted by the presumption of advancement in NGO’s favour.
Importantly, I note that none of the plaintiffs have any knowledge whatsoever
of TKT’s intention in registering the Katong Property in NGO’s name in 1952.
TCS, the oldest child, was then only eight years old. TCH, the youngest child,
was only one year old. They are in no position to rebut the presumption of
advancement.

308 As for the conveyance from NGO to TCS in 1974, NGO conveyed the Katong
Property to TCS without qualification and without retaining any beneficial
interest. It was intended to be a gift. With clear evidence of NGO’s donative
intent, there is no scope for a presumption of resulting trust to operate.

309 I also reject the plaintiffs’ claim that they each have a beneficial
interest in the Katong Property simply because it was the Tan’s “family
home”.[note: 222] It suffices to say that there is no basis to argue that the
fact that a property is a “family home” gives the family members any sort of
proprietary interest in the property at law or in equity.

310 The plaintiffs also point to other facts as evidence of their beneficial
interest in the Katong Property. This includes their free use of the monies in
the No 2 Account, the power of attorney in favour of TCH in relation to the
property and TCP’s family’s rent-free occupation of the Katong Property for 15
years. I am unable to accept that these facts demonstrate that any of them had
any beneficial interest in the property. To my mind, this is just further
evidence and manifestation of the Tan family’s practice of not segregating
assets strictly. It cannot be that by allowing her siblings to use the monies
in the No 2 Account and to live in the property, TCS altered or compromised
her proprietary rights in the property.

311 Finally, I find that TCS had no intention to hold the Katong Property on
trust for the plaintiffs and made no such representations. Thus, a common
intention trust cannot arise. Similarly, TCS is also not estopped from
asserting her absolute ownership in the property.

312 The plaintiffs’ claim in S170 therefore fails.

313 It is also on this basis that TCS’s counterclaim for a declaration that
the plaintiffs have no beneficial interest in the property and that the caveat
lodged over the Katong Property be removed succeeds. In addition, the
plaintiffs are not allowed to lodge a further caveat in respect of the Katong
Property. TCS is further entitled to damages arising from the caveat which was
wrongfully lodged, such damages to be assessed.

Conclusion

314 To conclude matters, I now summarise my findings in respect of each set of
proceedings.

OS921

315 In OS921, I have dismissed the remaining prayers in the plaintiffs’
application. The result that the application has failed entirely. I have found
that TCS did not breach the Compromise. I have also found that the parties’
mutual performance obligations under the Compromise came to an end with no
liability on the part of any party because the Condition Precedent could not
be fulfilled.

316 As for costs, I have ordered that the plaintiffs pay the defendant’s costs
of and incidental to OS921. These costs are to be taxed if not agreed.

S170

317 In S170, I have dismissed the plaintiffs’ claim in its entirety and
allowed TCS’s counterclaim in its entirety. The plaintiffs have failed to
establish any basis for a beneficial interest in the Katong Property. I have
found, instead, that TCS is the absolute owner of the Katong Property.

318 I have also ordered that the plaintiffs in S170 pay TCS her costs of and
incidental to those proceedings. Those costs are to be taxed, if not agreed.

S570

The merits

319 I have found that TCS holds the AAS Shares and NGO holds the Bajumi Shares
on resulting trust for the Tan family members in proportion to their
beneficial interest in the Tan family’s shares in AAS (see [237] above). TKT
gifted the shares to his children. The plaintiffs had no intention to divest
themselves of those shares absolutely when they transferred them to TCS. The
plaintiffs had no intention to make a gift of the Bajumi Shares to NGO.

320 TCS and NGO therefore have a duty to account for the dividends and any
other income accrued in respect of the shares they held on trust from the time
they became trustee of those shares.

321 I have found that TCS holds the AAIE Shares on resulting trust for the Tan
family members in proportion to their beneficial interest in the Tan family’s
shares in AAS. The beneficial owners of the Tan family’s shares in AAS
provided the consideration for the purchase of 70% of AAIE’s EnGro shares
through the 2002 AAS Shareholder Loans and the 2003 AAS Shareholder Loans.
They had no intention to benefit TCS personally when she became the registered
owner of 35% of the shares in AAIE. TCS therefore has a duty to account for
the dividends and any other income accrued in respect of these shares in AAIE
from the time she became the registered owner of these shares.

322 The plaintiffs have failed to prove that they provided the consideration
for the purchase of the 1.419m EnGro Shares now owned by TCS or that, in some
other way, they acquired any interest in equity in these shares.

323 In addition, I have found that there was no express trust constituted in
respect of the assets that make up the Tan Family funds. While there were
discussions to constitute such a trust, no steps were ever taken to do so, and
those discussions have no consequence as a matter of property law. TCS,
however, has a duty to account to the Tan family members for the Cluny Park
Proceeds, _ie_ , the 2002 AAS Shareholder Loans and the 2003 AAS Shareholder
Loans, in proportion to the Tan family members’ beneficial interest in the Tan
family’s shares in AAS.

324 Finally, I have dismissed the plaintiffs’ claim against TCS for breach of
trust. I am unable to find on the evidence now before me that TCS breached any
of her duties as a resulting trustee as alleged by the plaintiffs.

325 Given these findings, I have allowed part of the plaintiffs’ claim in S570
and dismissed the defendant’s counterclaim.

Costs

326 As for the costs of S570, the plaintiffs have indicated from the outset of
this action that they will not seek costs against NGO. They do, however, seek
an order that TCS pay them their costs of pursuing their claim in this action
not only against TCS but also against NGO; and their costs of defending the
counterclaim in this action brought not only by TCS but also by NGO. Further,
they seek costs against TCS on an indemnity basis. They also seek separate
sets of costs, given that TCP and TCH are represented by one firm, TYK by
another firm and TCG by yet another firm. In addition, for each set of costs,
the plaintiffs seek a certificate for more than two solicitors under O 59 r
19. Finally, the plaintiffs also seek an order that TCS pay the costs
personally and not out of TKT’s estate.

327 Having heard the parties’ submissions on costs, I order that TCS shall pay
the plaintiffs’ costs as follows:

(a) TCS shall pay one third of TCP’s and TCH’s costs of and incidental to the
claim and the counterclaim in S570, such costs to be taxed on the indemnity
basis with a certificate for more than two solicitors under O 59 r 19 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), if not otherwise agreed;

(b) TCS shall pay one third of TYK’s costs of and incidental to the claim and
the counterclaim in S570, such costs to be taxed on the indemnity basis with a
certificate for more than two solicitors, if not otherwise agreed;

(c) TCS shall pay one third of TCG’s costs of and incidental to the
counterclaim in S570, such costs to be taxed on the indemnity basis with a
certificate for more than two solicitors, if not otherwise agreed;

I make these orders for the following reasons.

328 First, it appears to me that TCS pursued the fundamental core of her
defence and counterclaim dishonestly and unreasonably, for ulterior motives
having far more to do with historical sibling rivalry than with vindication of
her or her late father’s rights. It appears to me inconceivable that TCS
genuinely believed that TKT intended to retain the beneficial interest in all
of the AAS shares which he allotted or transferred to his children decades
ago; and equally inconceivable that TCS genuinely believed that her siblings
intended to make gifts to her of all the shares which they transferred to her.
For that reason, I consider it appropriate that TCS pay the costs of all those
she opposed, whether by way of claim or counterclaim, on the indemnity basis.

329 Second, there is no doubt that S570 is an action of sufficient complexity,
both in law and in fact, to warrant a certificate for more than two
solicitors.

330 Third, I did not consider it reasonable for the plaintiffs to be
represented by three sets of solicitors. I initially intended to confine TCS’s
liability in costs to TCP, TCH, TYK and TCG to a single set of costs. That,
however, would have posed procedural difficulties in having that single set of
costs taxed given that the plaintiffs were in fact represented by three sets
of solicitors. I have therefore ordered the closest convenient proxy for a
single set of costs, which is that TCS is to pay only one-third of the costs
of each set of plaintiffs.

331 Finally, I make no order that TCS is to bear the plaintiff's cost of
pursuing their claim against NGO or of defending NGO’s counterclaim. It
appears to me obvious that NGO has taken her position in these proceedings
because of the influence of TCS. It is also true that NGO is of limited
sophistication and of advanced years. However, there is nothing before me to
suggest that NGO is incapable of making decisions for herself. I cannot,
therefore, find that TCS’s influence over NGO is malign in the sense of being
unwanted or undue.

332 While it is admirable from a moral perspective that the plaintiffs do not
wish to mulct their own mother in costs, that is not a reason to permit them
to throw those costs onto TCS. It remains the case that the plaintiffs have
made a voluntary choice to forgo their procedural right to recover from NGO
their costs of pursuing her and defending her counterclaim. In the
circumstances, therefore, I do not consider it appropriate to visit those
costs upon TCS.

333 I also make no order that TCS is to bear the costs I have ordered above
personally rather than out of TKT’s estate. That does not operate to permit
TCS to reimburse herself these costs out of TKT’s estate. I make no order on
this issue because the plaintiffs have no interest in TKT’s estate and
therefore have no standing to seek such an order from me. TCS’s entitlement to
reimburse herself for these costs from TKT’s estate is not therefore an issue
that is properly before me.

334 TCS has clear and onerous obligations as the sole executrix and trustee of
TKT’s estate. She will have to conduct herself in accordance with those
obligations. It is not for me in these proceedings to police her compliance
with those obligations.

* * *

[note: 1]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
698; Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) dated 29 January
2014 at para 504.

[note: 2]Clause 11 of the 2008 Joint Will; Closing submissions of the 1st
defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para 12; Defendant’s bundle of documents
volume 8 page 2120.

[note: 3]Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“AEIC”) of NGO dated 10 June 2011 at
para 3.

[note: 4]AEIC of NGO in S570, para 18; Closing submissions of the 1st and 2nd
plaintiffs dated 29 January 2014 at para 2.

[note: 5]AEIC of TCS at para 4.

[note: 6]Affidavit of TCH in support of OS921 filed on 24 September 2012 at
para 4.

[note: 7]TCS’s 18th affidavit in S570 filed on 10 August 2012 at para 7 and at
pages 35 to 36; TCS’s 19th affidavit filed in S570 on 20 September 2012 at
para 7 and at page 128.

[note: 8]2nd affidavit of Edwin Sim Puay Jain in S570 filed on 24 July 2012 at
page 7.

[note: 9]Closing submissions of the 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at
para 1197.

[note: 10]AEIC of TCH in OS921 dated 20 September 2012 at page 202.

[note: 11]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) dated 29
January 2014 at para 2.

[note: 12]AEIC of TCS at para 9.

[note: 13]TCH AEIC in S170 dated 10 June 2011 at para 7

[note: 14]Prayer 1 of OS921 (Amendment No 1) filed 8 April 2013.

[note: 15]Prayer 3 of OS921 (Amendment No 1) filed 8 April 2013.

[note: 16]Prayer 4 of OS921 (Amendment No 1) filed 8 April 2013.

[note: 17]Prayer 5 of OS921 (Amendment No 1) filed 8 April 2013.

[note: 18]Prayers 3 and 4 of OS921 (Amendment No 1) filed 8 April 2013.

[note: 19]Prayer 6 of OS921 (Amendment No 1) filed 8 April 2013.

[note: 20]AEIC of NGO filed on 10 June 2011 at paras 13 and 14.

[note: 21]AEIC of NGO filed on 10 June 2011 at paras 15.

[note: 22]AEIC of NGO filed on 10 June 2011 at paras 16 and 17.

[note: 23]AEIC of NGO filed on 10 June 2011 at para 19.

[note: 24]AEIC of NGO filed on 10 June 2011 at para 23.

[note: 25]AEIC of NGO filed on 10 June 2011 at para 29; AEIC of TCG at para
14; AEIC of TCH at para 14.

[note: 26]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 12; Closing submissions of
the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs dated 29 January 2014 at para 5; Closing
submissions of the 3rd plaintiff dated 29 January 2014 at para 15.

[note: 27]AEIC of NGO at para 31.

[note: 28]AEIC of TCH in S570, para 29.

[note: 29]Closing submissions of the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs dated 29 January
2014 at para 5.

[note: 30]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 14.

[note: 31]AEIC of NGO filed on 10 June 2011 at para 33.

[note: 32]1 SAB 18.

[note: 33]See, _eg_ , AEIC of TCP at paras 19 to 20; AEIC of TCH at para 35.

[note: 34]AEIC of NGO filed on 10 June 2011 at para 42.

[note: 35]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 20.

[note: 36]Closing submissions of the 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at
para 58.

[note: 37]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
67; Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiffs dated 29 January 2014 at
para 20.

[note: 38]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 5.

[note: 39]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiff dated 29 January 2014
at para 23.

[note: 40]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 36.

[note: 41]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiff dated 29 January 2014
at para 23.

[note: 42]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at paras 22 to 25.

[note: 43]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 24.

[note: 44]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 58.

[note: 45]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 61.

[note: 46]AEIC of TYK filed on 13 June 2011 at para 28.

[note: 47]AEIC of TYK filed on 13 June 2011 at para 39.

[note: 48]AEIC of TYK filed on 13 June 2011 at para 29.

[note: 49]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 22.

[note: 50]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 26.

[note: 51]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 26.

[note: 52]AEIC of TCH at para 45.

[note: 53]AEIC of TCH at para 46.

[note: 54]AEIC of TCS at para 10.

[note: 55]AEIC of TCH at para 47.

[note: 56]AEIC of NGO at para 45.

[note: 57]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiff dated 29 January 2014
at paras 24 and 25.

[note: 58]AEIC of TCG dated 10 June 2011 at para 32.

[note: 59]AEIC of TCS at para 27(d) to (e)

[note: 60]Closing submissions of the 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at
paras 69 to 70.

[note: 61]AEIC of TCS filed on 11 June 2011 at paras 30 to 32.

[note: 62]AEIC of TCS filed on 11 June 2011 at para 32.

[note: 63]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiff dated 29 January 2014
at para 26.

[note: 64]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 34.

[note: 65]AEIC of TCH filed on 13 June 2011 at para 65.

[note: 66]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 35; Closing submissions of
1st and 2nd plaintiffs dated 29 January 2014 at para 27.

[note: 67]AEIC of TCH filed on 13 June 2011 at para 71.

[note: 68]AEIC of TCS at paras 44 and 45.

[note: 69]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiff dated 29 January 2014
at para 41.

[note: 70]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 123 and AB (1) 36 and AB
(2) 442.

[note: 71]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 155.

[note: 72]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiff dated 29 January 2014
at para 43.

[note: 73]AEIC of TYK filed on 13 June 2011 at para 106.

[note: 74]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiffs dated 29 January 2014
at para 43.

[note: 75]AB (9) 2530.

[note: 76]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiffs dated 29 January 2014
at para 57.

[note: 77]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiffs dated 29 January 2014
at para 58.

[note: 78]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiffs dated 29 January 2014
at para 59.

[note: 79]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiffs dated 29 January 2014
at para 60.

[note: 80]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
362.

[note: 81]AEIC of TYK filed on 13 June 2011 at para 100.

[note: 82]AEIC of TYK filed on 13 June 2011 at para 100.

[note: 83]AEIC of TYK filed on 13 June 2011 at para 101.

[note: 84]AEIC of TYK filed on 13 June 2011 at para 105.

[note: 85]AB (7), pages 2027 to 2032; Closing submissions of 1st defendant
dated 29 January 2014 at para 391.

[note: 86]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 155.

[note: 87]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 157.

[note: 88]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
403.

[note: 89]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
403.

[note: 90]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 167.

[note: 91]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 168; Closing submissions
of 1st and 2nd plaintiff dated 29 January 2014 at para 50.

[note: 92]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
495.

[note: 93]Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) of the 1st defendant at
para 51.

[note: 94]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 83.

[note: 95]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 86.

[note: 96]AB (8) pages 2299 to 2307.

[note: 97]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 125.

[note: 98]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at paras 88 to 90.

[note: 99]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 125.

[note: 100]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 64; AEIC of TYK filed on
13 June 2011 at para 160.

[note: 101]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 65.

[note: 102]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 66.

[note: 103]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 67.

[note: 104]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 68.

[note: 105]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 131.

[note: 106]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 287.

[note: 107]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 134.

[note: 108]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 133.

[note: 109]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 145.

[note: 110]AEIC of TCS filed on 10 June 2011 at para 147.

[note: 111]AEIC of TYK filed on 13 June 2011 at para 149.

[note: 112]Closing submissions of the 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at
para 1099.

[note: 113]AEIC of NGO filed on 10 June 2011 at para 25.

[note: 114]AEIC of NGO filed on 10 June 2011 at para 26.

[note: 115]AEIC of NGO dated 10 June 2011 at para 27.

[note: 116]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiffs dated 29 January 2014
at para 320.

[note: 117]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
1160.

[note: 118]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiffs dated 29 January 2014
at para 319.

[note: 119]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
1164.

[note: 120]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at paras
1172 and 1176.

[note: 121]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 17.

[note: 122]AEIC of TCH filed on 13 June 2011 at para 157.

[note: 123]AEIC of TCS at para 10.

[note: 124]AEIC of TCH filed on 13 June 2011 at para 182.

[note: 125]AEIC of TCH filed on 13 June 2011 at para 182.

[note: 126]AB (10) 2788.

[note: 127]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiffs dated 29 January 2014
at para 64.

[note: 128]AB (11) 3050.

[note: 129]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 434.

[note: 130]FACV No 3 of 2015; attachment to Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP’s
letter dated 9 November 2015.

[note: 131]Closing submissions of the 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at
para 1200.

[note: 132]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 584.

[note: 133]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 585.

[note: 134]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1202.

[note: 135]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1202.

[note: 136]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1199.

[note: 137]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 586.

[note: 138]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 589.

[note: 139]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 595.

[note: 140]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1201.

[note: 141]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1206.

[note: 142]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1207; Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 534.

[note: 143]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1208; Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 538.

[note: 144]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1210; Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 542.

[note: 145]Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 542, para 3.

[note: 146]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1210; Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 544.

[note: 147]Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 546, para 12.

[note: 148]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1210.

[note: 149]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1213; Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 549.

[note: 150]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1213; Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at pages 551, 555 and
559.

[note: 151]Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 564.

[note: 152]Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 612.

[note: 153]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1216; Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 202.

[note: 154]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 59.

[note: 155]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 583.

[note: 156]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1195.

[note: 157]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1195.

[note: 158]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 1199.

[note: 159]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 670.

[note: 160]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 611.

[note: 161]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 611.

[note: 162]AEIC of TCS for OS921 at page 74.

[note: 163]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 617.

[note: 164]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at paras 618, 629 and 636.

[note: 165]Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 549.

[note: 166]Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 615, para 16(b)
of the letter.

[note: 167]Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 624.

[note: 168]Affidavit of TCH filed in support of OS921 at page 624.

[note: 169]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 75.

[note: 170]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 87.

[note: 171]Closing submissions of 1st defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 92.

[note: 172]NE 10 July 2013, from page 58 onwards.

[note: 173]NE 10 July 2013, page 58 onwards.

[note: 174]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 164.

[note: 175]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 345.

[note: 176]NE 14 May 2013 at page 109, line 20 onwards.

[note: 177]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 337; NE 10 May 2013 at page 123.

[note: 178]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 399 onwards.

[note: 179]AEIC of NGO filed on 10 June 2011 at para 43.

[note: 180]PCB at page 226.

[note: 181]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
581.

[note: 182]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
605.

[note: 183]Clause 4 of the 2008 Joint Will.

[note: 184]Clause 5 of the 2008 Joint Will.

[note: 185]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
642.

[note: 186]PCB at page 253.

[note: 187]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
712.

[note: 188]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
738.

[note: 189]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at paras
714 to 722.

[note: 190]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 413.

[note: 191]AB (4) 1019

[note: 192]AB (4) 1038.

[note: 193]AB (4) 1039.

[note: 194]NE 2 July 2013 at page 59, lines 5 to 6.

[note: 195]NE 2 July 2013 at page 73 lines 24 to 25.

[note: 196]AB (6) 1558.

[note: 197]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
859.

[note: 198]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
6.

[note: 199]Statement of claim at para 24.

[note: 200]NE of 10 July 2013 at pages 11 and 15.

[note: 201]AEIC of TCG filed on 10 June 2011 at para 107; Closing submissions
of 1st and 2nd plaintiffs of 29 January 2014 at para 391.

[note: 202]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) of 29
January 2014 at para 79.

[note: 203]Defence and counterclaim of 1st Defendant at para 63.

[note: 204]A mention of the inapplicability of the defences was made at para
579 of the 4th defendant (by counterclaim)’s submissions.

[note: 205]Closing submissions of the 2nd defendant at paras 57 and 63.

[note: 206]Closing submissions of the 2nd defendant at para 65.

[note: 207]Closing submissions of the 2nd defendant at para 70.

[note: 208]2nd defendant’s Defence and Counterclaim at para 2A.

[note: 209]PCB at page 188.

[note: 210]Closing submissions of 2nd defendant filed on 29 January 2014 at
para 41.

[note: 211]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) filed on 29
January 2014 at para 233.

[note: 212]Closing Submissions of 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs filed on 29 January
2014 at para 204.

[note: 213]Statement of claim at para 50K(d).

[note: 214]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
1099.

[note: 215]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at para
1100.

[note: 216]Statement of claim at para 61l(2)(iii).

[note: 217]Statement of claim at para 50K.

[note: 218]Closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiffs dated 29 January 2014
at para 32.

[note: 219]Closing submissions of 1st defendant dated 29 January 2014 at paras
246 and 247.

[note: 220]Defence and counterclaim of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) at page
39.

[note: 221]Statement of claim for S170/2011 at para 20.

[note: 222]Closing submissions of 4th defendant (by counterclaim) at para 286;
closing submissions of 1st and 2nd plaintiffs at para 321.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Nov 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

