Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Madan Mohan Singh _v_ Attorney-General  
[2015] SGHC 48

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 38 of 2011 (Summons No 3725 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 February 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ravi s/o Madasamy (L F Violet Netto) for the applicant;
David Chong SC, Ruth Yeo, Germaine Boey, Ailene Chou and Jamie Pang (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Madan Mohan Singh — Attorney-General  
  
25 February 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 Mr Madan Mohan Singh (“the Applicant”) filed this Originating Summons (“the
present OS”) on 15 January 2014 applying for leave to bring judicial review
proceedings under O 53 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
against the Singapore Prison Service (“the SPS”).

2 The Applicant sought the following prayers:

(a) a Quashing Order to quash the labelling of Sikh Prisoners as being either
“practising” and/or “non-practising” (“the Quashing Order”); and

(b) a Declaration to be granted that the SPS has, contrary to Art 15(1) of the
Constitution, violated the Applicant’s right to propagate the Sikh religion in
his capacity as the Sikh Religious Counsellor to the Sikh inmates (“the
Declaration”).

3 The application was resisted by the Attorney-General (“the Respondent”). The
Respondent filed Summons 3725 of 2014 on 24 July 2014 to strike out the
present OS under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court.

4 The parties appeared before me on 19 January 2015. Mr David Chong SC (“Mr
Chong SC”) appeared for the Respondent on the striking out application and Mr
Ravi s/o Madasamy (“Mr Ravi”) appeared for the Applicant. At the end of
submissions, Mr Ravi invited me to treat his submissions against the striking
out application as his submissions on the application for leave since the
facts and arguments in this case for a striking out application and for leave
under O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court overlapped significantly. Mr Chong SC had
no objections. I accordingly treated the parties as having made all the
necessary submissions on the leave application as well. I pause to note that
the burden of proof in the two applications are quite different but I see the
sense in Mr Ravi’s submission that if I strike out the application, as Mr
Chong SC was urging me to, which was on a higher burden of proof, then it
follows that I would not grant leave under O 53 which calls for a lower burden
of proof. If I did not strike out the application, since Mr Ravi would not
have raised anything new or different from his submissions against a striking
out, I could proceed to decide on the granting of leave under O 53 on those
same submissions and grounds put forward by Mr Ravi.

Background

5 The facts are largely undisputed. The Applicant was a Sikh religious
counsellor with the Singapore Anti-Narcotics Association Sikh Aftercare
(Counselling) Services (“SANA Services”). Around July 2000, SANA Services had
identified the Applicant to serve as a volunteer Sikh religious counsellor at
the SPS. Upon acceptance by the SPS, the Applicant was issued a volunteer pass
by the SPS to facilitate his entry into prisons. His main role was to provide
religious services and counselling to prison inmates on Sikh-related
matters.[note: 1] This included “teaching or making the Sikh inmates more
conscious and aware of the fundamental and inviolable tenets of
Sikhism.”[note: 2]

6 On 31 August 2010, after serving approximately ten years as a volunteer, the
Applicant wrote to the SPS for the first time requesting a review of the SPS’s
hair grooming policy for inmates (“the Hair Grooming Policy”).[note: 3] It is
important to set out the Hair Grooming Policy in some detail as it is the very
thing that the Applicant seeks to quash.

The Hair Grooming Policy

7 The SPS has a strict hair grooming policy for its inmates. In general, all
inmates in the custody of the SPS are required to have their hair and beard
cut close.[note: 4] The rationale for such a requirement stems from the fact
that a prison is a “unique and strict environment with a strong focus on
discipline, safety, security and order”.[note: 5] It is meant to instil
discipline in inmates by subjecting them to a regimented lifestyle and
ensuring that inmates are uniform in appearance. It is further intended to
prevent the concealment of weapons or other contraband items.[note: 6]

8 However, the SPS has an exception to this general rule. Inmates who declare
their religion to be Sikhism and who have unshorn hair and beard at the point
of admission (“unshorn Sikh inmates”) would be exempted from the general rule
and be allowed to keep their hair and beard unshorn during their period of
incarceration.[note: 7] On the other hand, inmates who profess to be adherents
of Sikhism, be it at the point of admission or subsequently during
incarceration, but who had by their own volition shorn hair and/or shorn beard
at the time they were admitted to prison (“shorn Sikh inmates”), will not be
allowed to keep their hair and beard unshorn during their period of
incarceration.[note: 8] This policy has been in place for the past 40 years or
so. The concession granted to unshorn Sikh inmates is justified by the SPS as
a historical one, and the SPS has maintained it since its inception.

9 According to the Applicant, somewhere in 2010, the SPS began to label
unshorn Sikh inmates as “practising Sikhs” and shorn Sikh inmates as “non-
practising Sikhs”, and applied the Hair Grooming Policy accordingly.[note: 9]
This was what allegedly prompted the Applicant to request a review of the Hair
Grooming Policy. It is important to note that the SPS abandoned the
“practising” and “non-practising” terminology in February 2013. They have
instead adopted the terms “unshorn” and “shorn” to distinguish between the
inmates for the purposes of the Hair Grooming Policy.

The subsequent events

10 During the period between November 2010 and March 2011, the Applicant
continually engaged the SPS, the Sikh Advisory Board (“SAB”), SANA Services
and the Ministry of Home Affairs (“MHA”) on the Hair Grooming Policy.[note:
10] The Applicant sought, _inter alia_ , to have the Hair Grooming Policy
reviewed, especially the terminology of “practising” and “non-practising”
adopted by the SPS. The Applicant also wanted certain incidents in which the
Hair Grooming Policy was allegedly not complied with to be looked into.[note:
11] The Applicant was of the view that “religiosity is a very personal
decision and a Sikh inmate should be allowed, if he wishes and in accordance
with his constitutional right, to keep unshorn hair, even if he decides to do
so only after his admission to prison.”[note: 12]

11 Between 5 March 2011 and 9 March 2011, the SPS noticed a sudden spike in
the number of Sikh inmates requesting to keep their hair long. The SPS then
proceeded to commence investigations as such a sudden spike was “unusual”.
[note: 13] The SPS interviewed the Applicant and 27 Sikh inmates who had
attended the Applicant’s counselling sessions. The Applicant was also
requested to stop providing counselling to the inmates during the course of
the investigations. The Applicant agreed to this.[note: 14]

12 At the conclusion of investigations, the SPS decided that it was no longer
appropriate for the Applicant to continue volunteering at the SPS. The SPS was
of the view that the Applicant had “actively and persistently encouraged [the
inmates] to keep their hair and beard unshorn in prisons and to challenge the
Hair Grooming Policy by putting up requests to this effect”.[note: 15] The SPS
deemed the Applicant’s alleged actions to be a serious threat to the
discipline, security, safety and order of the prison.

13 Undeterred by this, the Applicant continued to write to the various
organisations seeking review of the Hair Grooming Policy. On 7 July 2011 and
19 July 2011, SANA Services, the SPS and the MHA had two dialogue sessions,
during which the MHA and the SPS accounted for the implementation of the Hair
Grooming Policy for specific Sikh inmates. At the end of the sessions, SANA
Services was satisfied that the SPS had acted fairly towards Sikh inmates and
had not deviated from its Hair Grooming Policy.[note: 16]

14 The SPS officially informed the Applicant in a letter dated 27 December
2011 that his volunteer pass would expire on 31 December 2011 and that it
would not be renewed.[note: 17] After the expiry of the Applicant’s volunteer
pass, there appeared to be a period of silence lasting almost one year. It was
only on 6 November 2012 and 8 November 2012 that the Applicant filed two
police reports in relation to two separate incidents where an inmate’s hair
was allegedly forcibly cut.[note: 18]

15 In January 2013, the Applicant started writing again to the SPS. On 8
February 2013, the SPS sent an email to the Applicant reiterating the Hair
Grooming Policy and informing the Applicant that it would no longer be
responding to the Applicant’s emails regarding this matter. On 25 February
2013, the Applicant acknowledged receipt of the SPS’s email of 8 February
2013, and indicated to the SPS that he was in talks with some senior Sikh
community leaders. According to the Applicant, these leaders had requested the
Applicant to refrain from engaging this issue at least until the end of March
2013 while they attempted to resolve it at their level.[note: 19]

16 On 23 January 2013 and 18 June 2013, two separate dialogue sessions were
held between the Sikh Welfare Council, the SAB, the SPS and the MHA, during
which the MHA and the SPS stated that a review of the Hair Grooming Policy had
been undertaken and that both organisations concluded that it was
inappropriate to grant the existing concession given to unshorn Sikh inmates
to shorn Sikh inmates.[note: 20]

17 On 18 December 2013, the Applicant filed Originating Summons No 1212 of
2013 (“OS 1212/2013”) with a Sikh inmate, Jagjeet Singh, on the same subject
matter as the present OS, seeking declarations under O 15 r 16 of the Rules of
Court that Jagjeet Singh’s constitutional rights have been violated by the
SPS. However, the Applicant and Jagjeet Singh through their counsel, Mr Ravi,
applied to withdraw OS 1212/2013 prior to the hearing. On 15 January 2014, the
Applicant filed the present OS. For some unexplained reason, Jagjeet Singh was
not a party to the present OS.

My decision

18 Having considered the circumstances of this case, I find and hold that the
present OS should be struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(_a_), (_b_) or (_d_) of the
Rules of Court as the Applicant lacks the requisite _locus standi_. Further,
there was a delay by the Applicant in bringing the present OS.

Striking out

19 An application can be struck out under O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules of Court
on the ground that: (_a_) it discloses no reasonable cause of action; (_b_) it
is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious; (_c_) it may prejudice, embarrass or
delay the fair trial of the action; or (_d_) it is otherwise an abuse of the
process of the Court. The burden is on the party applying to strike out to
prove that one of the grounds under O 18 r 19(1) applies. As reiterated by the
Court of Appeal, the threshold for striking out is a high one (_Tan Eng Hong v
Attorney-General_ [2012] 4 SLR 476 (“ _Tan Eng Hong_ (CA)”) at [20]).

20 Under O 18 r 19(1)(_a_), a reasonable cause of action is one with some
chance of success when only the allegations in the pleadings are considered
(_The “Tokai Maru”_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 646 at [44]). An application discloses no
chance of success if the applicant is unable to establish the requisite _locus
standi_ , and may be struck out as being without legal basis under this ground
(see _Tan Eng Hong v Attorney-General_ [2011] 3 SLR 320 at [5], citing _Abdul
Razak Ahmad v Majlis Bandaraya Johor Bahru_ [1995] 2 MLJ 287).

21 Depending on the context and circumstances, the lack of the requisite
_locus standi_ can also form the basis of striking out under O 18 r 19(1)(_b_)
for being frivolous or vexatious or under O 18 r 19(1)(_d_) as an abuse of the
process of the Court (_Hong Alvin v Chia Quee Khee_ [2011] SGHC 249 at [17]).

22 Further, it is pertinent to note that one of the three requirements
necessary for the granting of leave to bring judicial review proceedings under
O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court is that the applicant has sufficient interest
in the matter, _ie_ , the requisite _locus standi_ (_Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew
v Attorney-General_ [2014] 1 SLR 345 at [5]).

23 I now turn to consider whether the Applicant has the requisite _locus
standi_ to bring the present OS.

Preliminary Issues

24 First, it must be remembered that the Applicant is applying for leave under
O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court to seek two prayers – the Quashing Order and
the Declaration. Order 53 r 1(1) of the Rules of Court provides:

**No application for Mandatory Order, etc., without leave (O. 53, r. 1)**

**1.** —(1) An application for a Mandatory Order, Prohibiting Order or
Quashing Order (referred to in this paragraph as the principal application) —

(a) may include an application for a declaration; but

(b) shall not be made, unless leave to make the principal application has been
granted in accordance with this Rule.

25 Order 53 r 1(1) is explained in _Singapore Civil Procedure 2015_ (G P
Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2014) (“ _Singapore Civil Procedure 2015_ ”)
at para 53/1/4:

An applicant can only obtain declaratory relief under O.53 _if the applicant
first succeeds_ in obtaining leave of the court to apply for a Mandatory
Order, Prohibiting Order or Quashing Order (see r.1(1)(b)). Once leave is
granted, and upon hearing the parties on the substantive merits, the court may
grant (a) the prerogative order and a declaration; (b) only the prerogative
order; or (c) only a declaration (_Vellama d/o Marie Muthu v. Att.-Gen._) …

[emphasis added]

26 The Declaration that the Applicant seeks in the present OS is therefore
contingent upon leave being granted to the Applicant to apply for the Quashing
Order. Hence, if the application for leave to apply for the Quashing Order
fails, the application for the Declaration must accordingly fail. I therefore
need only consider whether the Applicant has the requisite _locus standi vis-
à-vis_ the Quashing Order for the purposes of the striking out application.

27 This was recognised by the Applicant himself. Paragraph 98 of his written
submissions states:

The Declaration sought by the Plaintiff in the current application is
contingent upon the Quashing Order sought under Order 53 of the Rules of
Court. The Plaintiff therefore has to only show that he has sufficient
interest or _locus standi_ to apply for the principle [_sic_] application of a
Quashing Order.

28 Secondly, it is not entirely clear what the Applicant is seeking to quash
in the present case. The Quashing Order sought is “…to quash the labelling of
Sikh Prisoners as being either ‘practising’ and/or ‘non-practising.’”

29 On its face, it appears that the Applicant is taking issue with the
_terminology_ that the SPS had used to identify unshorn Sikh inmates and shorn
Sikh inmates (“the Plain Reading Interpretation”). This is supported by
different parts of his affidavit. For example, he states at para 71 of his
second affidavit:

… I had before correctly advised the inmates in accordance with the directive
which applied the correct test of full head of hair or not. Latterly, however,
with SPS labelling practice, I was faced with a conundrum, namely, could I and
should I, in defiance of my conscience and religious conviction validate the
new practice of SPS of labelling Sikh inmates as “practising” and “non-
practising Sikhs”? The answer had to be an irrefutable and resounding ‘no’. …

30 On the other hand, there are other parts of the Applicant’s affidavit and
written submissions where it appears he is going further by seeking to quash
the _substance_ of the Hair Grooming Policy (“the Substantive
Interpretation”). For example, at para 122 of his written submissions, the
Applicant contends that “the SPS policy infringes on the rights of Sikh
inmates to practice [_sic_] their religion”. At paras 123–124, he goes on to
state that the SAB’s position on the matter is that a Sikh inmate should be
allowed to keep his hair long in accordance with his constitutional right,
even if he decides to do so only after his admission into prison. At para 125,
he then states that “[i]t is therefore very clear that the position of SAB is
aligned with the [Applicant’s] position that the policy is in contravention to
Art 15(1) of the Constitution.” From these paragraphs, it is evident that the
Applicant is also challenging the substance of the Hair Grooming Policy, _ie_
, that Sikh inmates who had shorn hair and/or beards at the time of their
admission into prison are not allowed to subsequently keep their hair long
during incarceration.

31 The Quashing Order based on the Plain Reading Interpretation can be dealt
with shortly. If this interpretation of the Quashing Order is what the
Applicant is seeking, then the Applicant’s objection fails to get off the
ground. This is because the SPS has discarded the “practising” and “non-
practising” terminology in February 2013 and has since adopted the terms
“unshorn” and “shorn” to differentiate between the Sikh inmates for the
purposes of the Hair Grooming Policy (as mentioned above at [9]). The
Applicant brought the present OS on 15 January 2014, almost a year after the
old terminology was discarded. The very thing that the Applicant seeks to
quash did not exist when he brought the present OS. Consequently, if the
prayer for the Quashing Order is based on the Plain Reading Interpretation, I
find and hold that the present OS should be struck out under O 18 r 19 of the
Rules of Court.

32 I now turn to consider the Quashing Order based on the Substantive
Interpretation. It is undisputed that the substance of the Hair Grooming
Policy is currently still in effect. The issue is thus whether the Applicant
has the requisite _locus standi_ to seek an order to quash it.

Locus Standi

33 In _Vellama d/o of Marie Muthu v Attorney-General_ [2013] 4 SLR 1 (“
_Vellama_ ”), the Court of Appeal set out the test to determine _locus standi_
under O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court. The Court of Appeal held at [29] that
“[t]he appropriate test for determining standing turns on the _nature of the
rights_ at stake although, whether it is a public or private right, it can be
prosecuted by private citizens.” [emphasis in original]. In the context of
private rights, the test was set out in _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina
Energy Trading Ltd and another appeal_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 and applied in _Tan
Eng Hong_ (CA) at [72]–[76] to applications under O 53 r 1 of the Rules of
Court as follows:

(a) the declaration or prerogative order sought must relate to a right which
is personal to the applicant and which is enforceable against an adverse party
to the litigation (_ie_ , there must be a violation of a personal right);

(b) the applicant must have a “real interest” in bringing the action; and

(c) there must be a “real controversy” between the parties to the action for
the court to resolve.

34 This applies equally even if the right is a constitutional one. An
applicant must hence demonstrate an actual or arguable violation of his
constitutional rights before _locus standi_ can be established. This is to
prevent “mere busybodies” (see _Vellama_ at [33]), whose rights are unaffected
from being granted standing to launch unmeritorious challenges. Once an
applicant is able to demonstrate an actual or arguable violation of his
constitutional rights, then the applicant has a _prima facie_ “real interest”
in bringing the action (see _Tan Eng Hong_ (CA) at [82]–[83]).

35 Mr Ravi submits that the Applicant has _locus standi_ to seek the Quashing
Order based on the Substantive Interpretation for three reasons:[note: 21]

(a) the Applicant owed a duty to the Sikh inmates who came to him for
religious guidance and counselling;

(b) the Sikh inmates’ right to practice their religion is inextricably linked
to the Applicant’s right to propagate his faith; and

(c) the Applicant had a very personal and close relationship with the Sikh
inmates.

36 I will address each of these in turn.

Duty owed by the Applicant to the Sikh inmates

37 Mr Ravi submits that the Applicant, through his “deep sense of devotion to
his faith” and his “role as a Sikh Religious Counsellor”, owed a duty to the
Sikh inmates to propagate the Sikh faith “in its truest and correct form and
in no other way”.[note: 22] He concludes that “by unduly failing to renew [the
Applicant’s] volunteer pass, [the] SPS has in effect curtailed his right to
propagate his religion to a group of Sikhs to whom he owed a duty to
rehabilitate”.[note: 23]

38 It appears that the personal right of the Applicant, which Mr Ravi is
submitting has been violated, is his right to propagate his religion under Art
15(1) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999
Reprint). This right has been allegedly violated because the SPS failed to
renew his volunteer pass, thereby preventing him from propagating to the Sikh
inmates in prison.

39 This argument is misplaced on a number of grounds. First and foremost, the
remedy that the Applicant is seeking is to quash the substance of the Hair
Grooming Policy. There is a lack of a logical link between the Hair Grooming
Policy and the non-renewal of the Applicant’s volunteer pass. Whether the
Applicant’s volunteer pass would be renewed or not depends on the SPS’s
assessment of the suitability of the Applicant and, _inter alia_ , his
compliance with the SPS’s rules and conditions. The Hair Grooming Policy, on
the other hand, applies to the prison inmates. The quashing of the substance
of the Hair Grooming Policy would in no way lead to the renewal of the
Applicant’s volunteer pass and thereby vindicate his alleged right to
propagate to the Sikh inmates.

40 Secondly, even if I were to accept Mr Ravi’s argument that the Hair
Grooming Policy was the very cause of the non-renewal of the Applicant’s
volunteer pass, the non-renewal of his volunteer pass does not lead to an
infringement of the Applicant’s right to propagate his faith or religion under
Art 15(1) of the Constitution of Singapore. The starting point is that a
prison is an enclosed, secure and restricted building. They are purpose-built
for the confinement of persons who have been convicted of criminal offences
and sentenced to terms of imprisonment or arrested persons who are awaiting
trial and have been denied bail. There are also prisoners convicted of serious
crimes who are considered a danger to society. Prison inmates share a common
characteristic, _viz_ , they have all committed an offence deemed serious
enough to justify their removal from society for a specified period and in
some cases indefinitely, see _Regina (Chester) v Secretary of State for
Justice and another_ [2014] AC 271 at [91], per Baroness Hale. Security is
tight and controlled, the inmates are not free to wander around or do as they
please, discipline is instilled amongst inmates and a strict regime is
appropriately in force. Prison inmates suffer a temporary exclusion from
society and members of the public certainly do not have a right to free access
to prisons or the inmates.

41 A person would thus ordinarily have no access to a prison, much less to
free access to propagate his religion to the inmates. He/she would only be
able to do so if he/she applied to be a religious counselling volunteer, the
SPS accepts him/her, and then issues him/her with a volunteer pass. This does
not and cannot then give rise to a constitutional right to demand access into
prison to propagate his/her religion. As pointed out by Goh Leng Chuang
Terrence, the present Director of the Rehabilitation and Reintegration
Division of Prison Service (“Mr Goh”), the volunteer pass was issued to the
Applicant “solely for the purposes of identifying the [Applicant] as a
volunteer and to facilitate his entry into prisons.”[note: 24] I find that the
non-renewal of the Applicant’s volunteer pass clearly does not result in a
violation of the Applicant’s right to propagate his religion under Article
15(1) of the Constitution. He is free to do so, within the bounds of the law,
to all others in the land, but certainly not within institutions like a
prison. Art 15(1) is not an absolute right and has its limits; Art 15(4)
provides that Art 15 does not authorise any act contrary to any general law
relating to public order, public health or morality.

42 Thirdly, if the Applicant’s real complaint is that his volunteer pass was
not renewed, then he ought to challenge the decision not to renew his
volunteer pass directly. The prayers sought under the present OS are wholly
inappropriate if this is indeed his purpose.

Inextricable link between the Sikh inmates’ constitutional rights and the
Applicant’s

43 Mr Ravi further submits that the Hair Grooming Policy violates the right of
Sikh inmates to practise their religion, and this leads to a violation of the
Applicant’s right to propagate his religion. He submits that the effect of the
Hair Grooming Policy “barred [the Applicant] from propagating his religion
with respect to one of the cardinal principles of Sikh religion –
‘kesh’”.[note: 25]

44 This submission is also without any basis and entirely misplaced. It is
common ground that one of the “fundamental tenets” of Sikhism is the keeping
of the five K’s—the _Kesh_ (unshorn hair and beard), the _Kirpan_ (dagger),
the _Kachhehra_ (prescribed shorts), the _Kanga_ (comb tucked in the tied up
hair), and the _Karha_ (steel bracelet).[note: 26] It is _not_ just the
keeping of the _Kesh_. No one has sought to argue that a Sikh is also entitled
to have his _Kirpan_ (dagger), _Kanga_ (comb tucked in the tied up hair) or
the _Karha_ (steel bracelet) whilst he is serving his prison sentence (I have
not mentioned the _Kachhehra_ as this has not been raised in the arguments
made to me). This is because it is plain and obvious that prisoners cannot be
allowed to have these items that can cause hurt to others or to themselves.
The Applicant obviously accepts this fact. He cannot do otherwise as he also
has to accept that inmates of a prison are denied some of their rights which
they would have enjoyed if they were free men and not in prison—like the
freedom of movement to go where they please, the freedom to wear what they
choose and to get up in the morning at whatever time they fancy. Yet the
Applicant chooses to pick only _one_ of five fundamental tenets to underpin
his complaint that Sikh inmates are denied their constitutional rights to
profess and practise their religion. The Applicant appears to have accepted
these restrictions before (see [48]—[50] below), but for reasons best known to
him, chosen after more than ten years to raise this as a complaint.

45 Insofar as Mr Ravi is contending that the Hair Grooming Policy violates the
right of Sikh inmates, it is clear that the Applicant has no _locus standi_ to
pursue this issue. Despite his role as their religious counsellor, the
Applicant is not an inmate and the Hair Grooming Policy does not apply to him.
This is obviously not a right that is personal to the Applicant.

46 Mr Ravi also brings up the argument that the Hair Grooming Policy is _ultra
vires_ reg 88 of the Prisons Regulations (Cap 247, Rg 2, 2002 Rev Ed).[note:
27] Regulation 88 provides as follows:

**Grooming for Asian prisoners**

**88.** —(1) Asian prisoners sentenced to imprisonment for any period
exceeding one month, who are in the habit of shaving their heads, shall be
shaved once a week.

(2) The hair of other Asian prisoners, except Sikhs, shall be cut close.

(3) Tamil prisoners admitted with long hair shall be allowed to retain it.

47 I note that reg 88(2) appears to provide an exception for Sikh inmates to
keep their hair long during their incarceration. This is perhaps why the
Applicant chooses to only take issue with Sikh inmates being unable to keep
the _Kesh_ , and not the other four Ks. Although Mr Chong SC addressed me on
reg 88, and I find his submissions cogent, I do not propose to say more about
it as it is unnecessary for me to do so in order to dispose of the matter. It
is patently clear that reg 88 and the Hair Grooming Policy applies only to
inmates, and the Applicant has no standing to argue that the Hair Grooming
Policy is _ultra vires_ reg 88.

48 With respect to the argument that the Applicant’s own right to propagate
his religion was curtailed due to the Hair Grooming Policy, I find that there
is no factual basis for it. Mr Goh states unequivocally that:[note: 28]

… Prison Service had never prevented the [Applicant] from conveying the
importance of the Sikh religious covenant pertaining to the keeping of one’s
hair and beard, and/or expected the [Applicant] to refrain from teaching the
tenets and correct observance of the Sikh faith.

49 This is corroborated by the Applicant’s own evidence. In the affidavits of
three inmates filed by the Applicant, namely, Ranveer Singh, Harvinder Singh
and Manmeet Singh, they each state that during their counselling sessions with
the Applicant, the Applicant had taught them all the tenets of the Sikh faith,
and that included the importance of the keeping of their hair and beard.[note:
29]

50 In fact, the Applicant has been carrying on his counselling for the first
ten years of his service at prison with full knowledge of the Hair Grooming
Policy, but has not raised any allegations that his right to propagate was
violated in one way or another. He admitted in a statement made to the SPS
during the course of the SPS’s investigations that prior to 2010, when inmates
approached him for an update on their requests to keep their hair long, he
would respond by telling them that if the Sikh inmate came into prison with
cropped hair, their requests would not be entertained.[note: 30] Taking the
terminology used by the SPS for the purposes of the Hair Grooming Policy
aside, it is puzzling why the Applicant only takes issue with the substance of
the Hair Grooming Policy now.

51 The only restriction that the SPS placed on the Applicant was that he was
to conduct counselling sessions with due regard to the Hair Grooming Policy.
In other words, the Applicant was free to teach the Sikh inmates all the
tenets of Sikhism, but he was expected to inform shorn Sikh inmates of the
Hair Grooming Policy, and he was not to actively and/or persistently encourage
them to keep their hair and beard unshorn during their incarceration. If he
failed to do so, his volunteer pass would not be renewed.[note: 31]

52 If this restriction is the basis of the Applicant’s complaint, I find that
it is without merit. The Applicant is a prison volunteer. He was issued a
volunteer pass and has access to prison only because he has assented to the
rules and conditions of being a volunteer. The rules governing the conduct of
volunteers in prisons (“the Prison Rules”) clearly state that:[note: 32]

… [s]afety and security is paramount in prisons and a volunteer would be taken
to task if he/she commits/facilitates the commission of any act prejudicial to
good order, inmate discipline, safety and security of Prisons. …

53 In this regard, the SPS had come to the conclusion that any active or
persistent encouragement by volunteer religious counsellors to shorn Sikh
inmates to keep their hair and beard unshorn posed a serious threat to the
discipline, security, safety and order in prisons.[note: 33] Having
acknowledged and accepted the Prison Rules,[note: 34] and having knowledge of
the SPS’s restriction towards counselling shorn Sikh inmates on the keeping of
their hair and beard, the Applicant cannot now complain that his right to
propagate his religion has been restricted or that his volunteer pass was not
renewed if he failed to comply with the SPS’s restriction. In any event, it is
the Applicant’s own contention that he had never actively and/or persistently
encouraged the Sikh inmates to keep their hair and beard unshorn.[note: 35]

54 I emphasise again that the Applicant is currently not seeking a review of
the SPS’s restriction towards religious counselling in prison, nor is he
seeking a review of the SPS’s decision not to renew his volunteer pass.
Instead, he is seeking to quash the substance of the Hair Grooming Policy. A
Quashing Order in respect of the Hair Grooming Policy would not _per se_
vindicate his right to propagate his religion.

55 Finally, I am unable to see how the “[Applicant’s] right to propagate his
religion is inextricably tied to the Sikh inmates’ right to practice their
religion”.[note: 36] The Applicant’s right to propagate is not predicated upon
the Sikh inmates being able to practice what the Applicant propagates. The
latter is another matter altogether.

56 It is important to point out that two prominent members of the Sikh
community have filed affidavits on behalf of the Respondent. Mr Dilbagh Singh
served as the Chairman of SANA Services for 15 years before its dissolution in
December 2011. He deposes that he is fully aware, and accepts, that volunteer
counsellors are required to fully comply with all the rules and regulations of
the SPS, including its Hair Grooming Policy for Sikh inmates. He also states
that SANA Services has been satisfied with the manner in which the SPS handled
matters relating to its Hair Grooming Policy for Sikh inmates and that the SPS
had acted fairly and reasonably towards Sikh inmates. Mr Manmohan Singh, the
present Chairman of the Sikh Welfare Council’s Inmate Counselling
Subcommittee, filed an affidavit in the same vein. He accepts that the Hair
Grooming Policy is essential to maintaining safety, security and good order
and discipline in prisons and that volunteer counsellors are encouraged to
focus more on strengthening the substance of Sikh inmates’ character and
personality and less on strict adherence to the full requirements of the
outward form required of a Sikh. Both these gentlemen also refer to the
positive relationship with the SPS built up through dialogue sessions;
especially the dialogue sessions with representatives of the MHA, the SPS and
the SAB on 23 January and 18 June 2013 over the Hair Grooming Policy. Mr
Manmohan Singh deposed that the Sikh Welfare Council has always found the SPS
to be pro-active, responsive and sensitive in its handling of matters relating
to the Hair Grooming Policy.

57 It is also important to point out that it was the SPS who approached SANA
Services for volunteers who could provide religious services and counselling
to Sikh inmates. This is certainly in keeping with the rehabilitative aim of
imprisonment. Mr Goh deposes that the SPS recognises the potential of
religious faith in facilitating and contributing to the rehabilitation of
inmates in his affidavit.[note: 37]

Applicant’s personal and close relationship with the Sikh inmates

58 Mr Ravi lastly contends that due to the Applicant’s “very close and
personal relationship with the Sikh inmates, … his involvement in this
judicial review is rightly founded.”[note: 38] With respect, I do not see how
this gives the Applicant any standing to bring the present OS. Regardless of
how close his relationship was with the inmates he counselled, a violation of
the inmates’ rights does not confer on him standing to challenge that
violation on his own, unless he can show that some right personal to him has
been violated as a result.

Summary

59 I find that the Quashing Order sought does not relate to a right personal
to the Applicant which is enforceable by the Applicant against the SPS. He
also does not have a real interest in the matter _vis-à-vis_ the Quashing
Order. Accordingly, the Applicant does not have the requisite _locus standi_
to seek the Quashing Order based on the Substantive Interpretation and his
claim therefore is struck out under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court.

Delay

60 The Applicant’s lack of _locus standi_ is sufficient to dispose of the
present application. In any event, I also find that the present OS was brought
out of time.

61 A delay in bringing proceedings may constitute an abuse of process under O
18 r 19(1)(_d_) of the Rules of Court. This was held in _Chua Choon Lim Robert
v MN Swami and others_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 589 at [42], citing _Ronex Properties
Ltd v John Laing Construction Ltd_ [1983] QB 398, albeit in the context of
time-barred claims. In _Tey Tsun Hang v Attorney-General_ [2015] 1 SLR 856 at
[37], it was held that this applies equally to the three-month time limit in O
53 r 1(6) of the Rules of Court.

62 Order 53 r 1(6) of the Rules of Court provides that leave to apply for a
quashing order to quash any judgment, order, conviction or other proceeding
shall not be granted unless the application for leave is made within three
months after the date of the proceeding. However, leave may still be granted
if the delay is accounted for to the satisfaction of the Judge hearing the
application for leave.

63 On the basis that the Applicant is seeking the Quashing Order based on the
Substantive Interpretation, Mr Chong SC suggests a few alternatives for when
the time bar for the Applicant to bring the present OS should start running:
[note: 39]

(a) about 40 years ago, when the Hair Grooming Policy came into force because
the Applicant’s right to relief, if any at all, arose then;

(b) July 2000, when the Applicant began serving as a volunteer counsellor with
the SPS and came to learn of the Hair Grooming Policy;

(c) mid-March 2011 or 31 December 2011, the former being when the Applicant
was suspended from counselling and the latter being when the Applicant’s
volunteer pass lapsed; or

(d) at the very latest, 8 February 2013, when the SPS made clear to the
Applicant that it would not be changing the Hair Grooming Policy and that it
would not be replying the Applicant on this matter any further.

64 On the other hand, Mr Ravi submits that the time bar should start to run
from 8 February 2013, when the Applicant was notified by the SPS that they
would not be engaging him on the matter anymore. Even if I were to accept Mr
Ravi’s proposed start date, this would mean that the Applicant ought to have
brought the present OS on 7 May 2013. Since the present OS was only filed on
15 January 2014, it was out of time by approximately 8 months.

65 Mr Ravi submits that, for two reasons, this delay of 8 months has been
satisfactorily accounted for. First, the Applicant was exhausting all options
that were available to him to resolve this issue. In support of this, Mr Ravi
refers to the letter dated 25 February 2013 in which the Applicant indicated
that the senior Sikh community leaders he was in communication with urged him
to restrain from engaging in the matter until at least the end of March 2013.
Secondly, the Applicant was ignorant of when his time bar started to run, and
this is sufficient to account for the delay.

66 With respect to the first argument, I note that the letter Mr Ravi refers
to was not included in the Applicant’s affidavits, but rather was inserted
into the Applicant’s Core Bundle of Documents which Mr Ravi refers to in his
written submissions and at the hearing. It is axiomatic that where an
applicant seeks to adduce evidence in support of an originating summons, he
must do so by affidavit (see O 28 r 3 of the Rules of Court). Thus, I am not
obliged to consider this explanation of the Applicant. Nonetheless, even if I
were to consider the letter dated 25 February 2013, I find that the letter
alone does not satisfactorily account for the delay. The Applicant alleges he
was requested to restrain himself until at least the end of March 2013. The
time between the end of March 2013 and when the present OS was brought is
still eight and a half months. Given the fervour in which the Applicant has
been pursuing this matter and the urgent attention he alleges it demands, I
find it difficult to accept that the Applicant’s inaction during this period
is simply due to the alleged request by the Sikh community leaders.

67 With respect to the second argument, the High Court in _Zheng Jianxing v
Attorney-General_ [2014] 3 SLR 1100 recently held at [40] that ignorance, in
the sense that the applicant is a lay person and did not have the benefit of
legal advice, is not a sufficient explanation for a delay in bringing judicial
review. Mr Ravi seeks to rely on the case of _UDL Marine (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
Jurong Town Corp_ [2011] 3 SLR 94 (“ _UDL Marine_ ”) as support for his
proposition. He quotes the judgment at [42] where Lai Siu Chiu J held that “O
53 r 1(6) of the Rules [of Court] … was sufficiently broad to admit an
explanation based on ignorance.” This quotation, however, must be understood
in the context of the case.

68 In _UDL Marine_ , the applicant’s bid to lease a piece of land was rejected
by the respondent on 19 May 2010. The applicant sought to bring judicial
review proceedings over that decision on 2 November 2010, more than three
months after it was made. The applicant’s explanation was that it was only in
October 2010 where it discovered that the respondent had granted leases to the
applicant’s neighbours despite them committing lower investment amounts, and
this information was the main catalyst for bringing the judicial review
proceedings. The learned judge accepted the applicant’s explanation. The term
“ignorance” used by the learned judge hence referred to ignorance of this
information.

69 _UDL Marine_ is wholly different from the present case. Nothing new had
transpired during the period of 8 February 2013 and when the present OS was
brought. In _Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector of Land Revenue_ [2007] 2
SLR(R) 568, the Court of Appeal held at [23] that the applicant had not
accounted for the delay in bringing its application because “it had the
interest, the knowledge and the means to have acquired the information to make
its application long before it filed [its application]”. Presently, I find
that the Applicant had the interest, the knowledge and the means to have
acquired the information to bring the present OS since 8 February 2013, when
the SPS stated unequivocally that it would not be engaging the Applicant on
the issue anymore. For the above reasons, I find that the Applicant has not
satisfactorily accounted for his delay in bringing the present OS and that the
present OS was brought out of time.

70 Mr Ravi also submits that if I were not inclined to grant the Quashing
Order because of the time bar, it was always open to me to grant a prohibiting
order which, as he rightly points out, has no time bar. However, due to the
Applicant’s lack of _locus standi_ , I am not prepared to grant such a
prohibiting order.

Conclusion

71 For the above reasons, I strike out the present OS under O 18 r 19(1)(_a_)
of the Rules of Court because it discloses no reasonable cause of action.
Alternatively, I strike it out because it is frivolous and vexatious and/or
otherwise an abuse of the processes of the Court under O 18 r 19(1)(_b_) and
(_d_) respectively. If I had not struck out the present OS, I would in any
case, not have granted leave under O 53 of the Rules of Court.

72 I will hear the parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Goh Leng Chuang Terrence’s Affidavit (“GLCTA”) at para 5.

[note: 2]Applicant’s 1st Affidavit (“AA1”) at para 4.

[note: 3]Applicant’s 2nd Affidavit (“AA2”) at para 71.

[note: 4]GLCTA at para 22.

[note: 5]GLCTA at para 22.

[note: 6]GLCTA at para 23.

[note: 7]GLCTA at para 24.

[note: 8]GLCTA at para 24.

[note: 9]AA2 at para 58.

[note: 10]See e.g. AA1 at pp 54, 63, 67, 74, 81, 84, 138, 101, 102, 110 & 140.

[note: 11]See e.g. AA1 at p 140.

[note: 12]AA1 at p 140.

[note: 13]GLCTA at para 33.

[note: 14]AA1 at p 64.

[note: 15]GLCTA at para 37.

[note: 16]Dilbagh Singh’s Affidavit at para 6.

[note: 17]GLCTA at p 56.

[note: 18]AA1 at pp 124 & 128.

[note: 19]Applicant’s Core Bundle of Documents (“ACBD”) at p 73.

[note: 20]Manmohan Singh’s Affidavit (“MSA”) at para 11.

[note: 21]Applicant’s Written Submissions (“AWS”) at paras 102–116.

[note: 22]AWS at para 102.

[note: 23]AWS at para 104.

[note: 24]GLCTA at para 5.

[note: 25]AWS at para 112.

[note: 26]MSA at para 6; AA1 at p 99.

[note: 27]AWS at para 135.

[note: 28]GLCTA at para 39.

[note: 29]Ranveer Singh’s Affidavit at para 9; Harvinder Singh’s Affidavit at
para 11; and Manmeet Singh’s Affidavit at para 13.

[note: 30]GLCTA at p 36.

[note: 31]GLCTA at para 35.

[note: 32]GLCTA at p 23.

[note: 33]GLCTA at para 37.

[note: 34]GLCTA at p 31.

[note: 35]Ranveer Singh’s Affidavit at para 9; Harvinder Singh’s Affidavit at
para 11; and Manmeet Singh’s Affidavit at para 13.

[note: 36]AWS at para 159.

[note: 37]GLCTA at paras 5 and 6.

[note: 38]AWS at para 105.

[note: 39]Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 29–33.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Feb 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

