Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi  
[2015] SGCA 33

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 10 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 June 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ng Cheng Thiam and Chee Min Ping (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; Eugene Thuraisingam and Jerrie Tan (Eugene
Thuraisingam LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The criminal motion arising from this decision in
Criminal Motion No 4 of 2017 was allowed in part by the Court of Appeal on 2
August 2017. See [2017] SGCA 44.]

29 June 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the Prosecution against the acquittal of Ilechukwu
Uchechukwu Chukwudi (“the Respondent”), a 29-year-old Nigerian national on a
drug trafficking charge. He had brought into Singapore from Nigeria a black
luggage bag (“the Black Luggage”) which he later transferred to one Hamidah
Binte Awang (“Hamidah”), a 49-year-old Singaporean. Hamidah sought to bring
the Black Luggage into Malaysia through the Causeway at Woodlands Checkpoint
but it was intercepted by the authorities. The sides of the Black Luggage were
cut open and two packets of crystalline substance wrapped in brown packaging
(“the two brown packets”) were discovered within the lining. After analysis by
the Health Sciences Authority, it was found that the two brown packets
contained not less than 1963.3g of methamphetamine (“the Drugs”).

2 The Respondent was charged with trafficking not less than 1,963.3g of
methamphetamine under s 5(1)(_a_) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008
Rev Ed) (“MDA”). The charge against him reads as follows:

That you, **ILECHUKWU UCHECHUKWU CHUKWUDI** ,

on the 13th day of November 2011, sometime between 10.16 p.m. and 11.34 p.m.,
along River Valley Road, Singapore, did traffic in a 'Class A' controlled drug
listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185, 2008 Rev.
Ed), to wit, by giving to one Hamidah Binte Awang (NRIC No. [redacted]) a
trolley bag which contained two packets containing 2,496 grams of crystalline
substance, which was analysed and found to contain **not less than 1,963.3
grams of methamphetamine** , without any authorization under the said Act or
the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 5(l)(a) and punishable under section 33 of the said Act, and
further upon your conviction under section 5(1) of the said Act, you may
alternatively be liable to be punished under section 33B of the said Act.
[emphasis in bold in original]

3 Hamidah was also charged with attempting to export not less than 1,963.3g of
methamphetamine, an offence under s 7 read with s 12 of the MDA, and
punishable under s 33 or s 33B of the MDA.

4 Both the Respondent and Hamidah claimed trial. Both denied knowledge of the
Drugs in the Black Luggage. On 5 November 2014, the trial judge (“the Judge”)
acquitted the Respondent and convicted Hamidah. His written grounds of
decision are reported at _Public Prosecutor v Hamidah Binte Awang and another_
[2015] SGHC 4 (“the GD”).

5 In determining that the Respondent was not guilty of the charge against him,
the Judge found that the Respondent had rebutted the presumption of knowledge
of the nature of the Drugs under s 18(2) of the MDA. The Judge accepted the
Respondent’s defence that he had come to Singapore on business and he did not
know that the Black Luggage, which had only been handed to him at the airport
in Lagos, Nigeria, contained drugs. This was despite numerous untruths in the
Respondent’s statements to officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”).

6 The Prosecution appealed the acquittal of the Respondent. That is the only
matter that is now under consideration before this court. The matter of
Hamidah’s conviction was not before us.

Background

7 The story begins in Nigeria, but there is no objective evidence of what took
place there, save for the Respondent’s account. According to him, his purpose
for coming to Singapore was to purchase used laptops for sale back home, where
he ran a business of selling second-hand electronic goods. He says that a
childhood friend, one Izuchukwu, had introduced him to one Kingsley, who had
contacts in Singapore. He did not know Kingsley very well, but he relied on
Kingsley to provide him with a Singaporean contact upon arrival. It is the
Respondent’s evidence that on the day of his departure from Nigeria (12
November 2011), the Respondent had only brought a laptop bag containing his
belongings to the airport in Lagos, where he met Kingsley and Izuchukwu.
Kingsley passed the Respondent the Black Luggage with a request to hand it
over to the contact in Singapore, who would then help the Respondent source
for second-hand electronic goods. The Respondent was informed that the Black
Luggage contained clothes belonging to the contact in Singapore. However,
Kingsley declined to give the Respondent any details of the contact in
Singapore, even when he (the Respondent) requested for them. The Respondent
proceeded to inspect the Black Luggage, not because he was suspicious, but
because, as he said, it was customary to do so. He found nothing amiss. The
Respondent also says that the Black Luggage underwent a physical check as well
as an X-ray scan at the immigration counter in the Lagos airport prior to
check-in without incident.

8 On 13 November 2011, the Respondent arrived in Singapore. It is not disputed
that, after arrival, the Respondent was delayed at immigration at Changi
Airport. During this time, he received a number of SMS messages from a
Nigerian number showing concern about the hold up (these are set out at [49]
of the GD). The Respondent’s evidence is that the messages were sent by
Izuchukwu, who was a travel agent and had helped the Respondent deal with his
travel arrangements. One of the SMS messages referred to a bag, stating: “Go
nd cary ur bag Delet”. The Respondent said it meant “go and carry your bag”
but claimed not to know what “Delet” meant. Another text told him to inform
the officers to call “ESP” if he encountered delays or problems at Changi
Airport. ESP refers to ESP Lines (S) Pte Ltd, a Singaporean freight forwarding
company. Kervinn Leng Seng Yau (“Kervinn”), the director of ESP, had made the
necessary arrangements to sponsor both the Respondent’s and another person,
Adili’s, visit to Singapore.

9 We should add that the Respondent was also told to look out for Adili, or
Diley (and was so referred to in the transcript of the trial), who was on the
same flight with him. Izuchukwu had informed the Respondent that Izuchukwu had
also arranged for the visa to be issued to Adili for his trip to Singapore.
The Respondent and Adili eventually met in a room pending immigration
clearance.[note: 1]

10 After clearing immigration, the Respondent and Adili approached the Baggage
Claim counter. The Respondent collected the Black Luggage. Subsequently, the
Black Luggage was subjected to both an X-ray scan and a physical search. As
nothing was found, the Respondent was allowed to leave Changi Airport.

11 According to the Respondent, he had first gone to Kim Tian Hotel in
Geylang. When he reached that hotel, Kingsley called him and told him to go to
Hotel 81, Chinatown (“Hotel 81”) instead. The Respondent obliged. CCTV footage
showed the Respondent arriving at Hotel 81 at about 8.36 pm. The Respondent
was seen speaking to the staff at the Hotel 81 lobby. He then left Hotel 81
after depositing the Black Luggage at the hotel lobby, and returned 12 minutes
later. The Respondent says that he went out to find a moneychanger as he did
not have enough Singapore dollars on him to pay for the room in the hotel.
When he returned, he paid for only one night’s stay on the premise that he was
going to be meeting Kingsley’s contact the following day.

12 Shortly after, the Respondent received a call from Kingsley’s contact who
told the Respondent that a woman (presumably he meant Hamidah) would be
collecting the Black Luggage from the Respondent. Hamidah later contacted the
Respondent. As Hamidah did not know the way to Hotel 81, it was decided that
the Respondent would take a taxi and meet her at Clarke Quay instead. The
Respondent alighted when the taxi stopped at a bus stop. While it is not
disputed that the Respondent and Hamidah did meet, there is no objective
evidence as to what took place beyond their respective testimonies.

13 According to the Respondent, he placed the Black Luggage at the interior of
the bus stop. As Hamidah was unable to find the Respondent and he was unable
to describe his location, he left the Black Luggage where it was and walked
towards a Caucasian male near the bus stop, and asked him to give directions
to Hamidah, who was on the other end of the line. When Hamidah arrived, she
alighted from the car, and thanked the Caucasian male. Hamidah introduced
herself to the Respondent as “Maria”.[note: 2] While Hamidah had testified
that the Respondent looked nervous, the Respondent argued that she might have
misinterpreted his reaction and that, even if the Respondent appeared worried,
it was because he was a first-timer in Singapore in an unfamiliar location.

14 It was the evidence of both Hamidah and the Respondent that they did not
part immediately after the Black Luggage was handed over. Hamidah apparently
invited him to enter the car where they made small talk. The Respondent
informed Hamidah that he was hungry and she drove him to an African
restaurant. However, as the restaurant was closed, she gave him two 100-plus
can drinks from her boot instead. Sometime while they were in the car
together, the Respondent dropped his handphone in Hamidah’s drink. Hamidah
said it was because he seemed nervous. The Respondent said it was because he
was cold. She later dropped him off at a taxi stand in Clarke Quay. The
Respondent then made his way back to Hotel 81. CCTV footage showed him going
up to his room without the Black Luggage at 11.34pm.

15 After Hamidah dropped the Respondent off, she drove towards the Woodlands
Checkpoint. It was around 11.55pm when she was stopped at Woodlands Checkpoint
for a search. The Drugs were then found in the Black Luggage and Hamidah was
arrested.

16 The Respondent was arrested in Hotel 81 the next morning (14 November
2011). Subsequently, he gave a number of statements to CNB officers containing
numerous untruths, as well as omissions about facts he only raised in his
defence at trial. The statements are as follows:

(a) The First Statement: the contemporaneous statement taken from the
Respondent after his arrest in Hotel 81, where he said he only brought one
luggage into Singapore (when he in fact brought two). This statement was
recorded on 14 November 2011 at 1pm.[note: 3]

(b) The cautioned statement: after the charge and caution was read to him, the
Respondent said he “did not give anything to anybody” and that he was in his
hotel room when the police came in. He also maintained that he had only gone
out to “change money and look around”. This statement was recorded on 14
November 2011 at 9.41pm.[note: 4]

(c) The long statements: In these statements the Respondent gave details of
his background, including his assertion that he came to Singapore on business.
In all the statements, he maintained that he only carried one bag to the
airport, and that was the bag found inside the hotel room at Hotel 81. He
maintained that he did not go out except to change cash and denied having gone
to Clarke Quay. He claimed that he had dropped his handphone in a toilet bowl.
When shown pictures of Hamidah and Adili, he claimed never to have seen them
before. He did not mention Kingsley. The various long statements were recorded
between 21 November 2011 and 24 November 2011.[note: 5]

17 The Respondent’s evidence is that he did not lie in the First Statement. He
claims to have only answered in that way because he did not think that the
laptop bag was a “luggage” (even though it is recorded that the officer had
pointed to the laptop bag to confirm that that was what he meant). As for the
untruths in his subsequent statements, the Respondent’s explanation (in a
nutshell) is that he had decided to withhold the truth, not because he was
aware that the Black Luggage contained the Drugs, but because he was not
informed about the full facts surrounding his arrest and was fearful for his
life after hearing that the offence carried the death penalty.

The decision below

18 The Judge found that the Respondent had rebutted the presumption under s
18(2) of the MDA because:

(a) The Respondent’s evidence is consistent with the position that he had come
to Singapore as a trader and had carried the Black Luggage as a favour for a
friend, with no reason to suspect that it contained drugs; and

(b) His defensive stance after he was arrested and charged is not sufficient
to show that he knew about the drugs in the Black Luggage before the arrest.

19 In coming to his decision, the Judge made a number of key findings, which
we summarise below:

(a) Although it was imprudent for the Respondent to come to Singapore without
any details of Kingsley’s contact, it was not implausible given the context of
“a young man with an ambition to succeed in business presented with an
opportunity”. The Respondent’s assertion that he came to Singapore on business
is corroborated by the following facts:

(i) he entered Singapore with the equivalent of US$5,000;

(ii) Kervinn gave evidence that many Nigerians had come to Singapore to buy
electronic goods and ship them back to Nigeria and that he had been informed
by his Lagos office that the Respondent was a trader coming to Singapore to
make purchases.

(b) The numerous SMS messages the Respondent received from Izuchukwu about the
delay at immigration at Changi Airport may only be indicative of Izuchukwu’s
concern as a friend. There was only one message with reference to a bag
(namely the message saying “Go nd carry ur bag Delet”) in the various texts
and the Judge declined to draw any inferences based on it.

(c) From the CCTV footage, the Respondent appeared composed in collecting the
Black Luggage and in going through the X-ray machine and during physical
checks at Changi Airport. Such behaviour is inconsistent with that of someone
who knew that the bag contained drugs.

(d) At Hotel 81, the Respondent left the Black Luggage unattended for 12
minutes which suggested that he had no knowledge of the Drugs, because he
would have known of the severe consequences if he had lost it.

(e) The Respondent had booked the room at Hotel 81 for only one night because
he did not know whether Kingsley and/or his contact might want to relocate him
to a cheaper hotel when they met up. This is consistent with the Respondent’s
evidence that Kingsley’s contact would be meeting him the following day.

(f) The Respondent’s seemingly worried appearance at the bus stop when he met
Hamidah is understandable because it was his first time in a foreign country
and he was left in an unfamiliar place by a taxi. Similarly, he might also
have left the Black Luggage at the rear of the bus stop in order to approach
the Caucasian man and not to put a distance between himself and the Black
Luggage.

(g) The fact that the Respondent got into the car with Hamidah instead of
leaving immediately to return to Hotel 81 is inconsistent with the natural
instinct of a person with knowledge that the Black Luggage contained illegal
drugs.

20 As for the various untruths in the statements, the Judge’s findings were as
follows:

(a) In relation to the Respondent’s untruth in the First Statement regarding
the number of luggage he brought to Singapore, the Judge disbelieved the
Respondent’s explanation in his testimony. However, he accepted the
Respondent’s alternative defence that the Respondent had lied because he
realised that there was an arrest on the night before and a luggage with two
packets of drugs were found and/or that he was arrested for drug trafficking,
on the basis that none of the arresting officers could “rule out the
possibility” that someone might have told the Respondent about it and that,
even if no mention was made to the Respondent, “it was possible” that he might
have overheard the conversations among the officers. The Judge remarked that
the Respondent might also have figured it out on his own after being told that
the arrest was related to a drug offence.

(b) As for the various lies in the cautioned statement and all his long
statements, the Judge stated that while the Respondent might have been
excessively defensive, it does not show “unequivocally” that the Respondent
must have known that the Black Luggage contained the Drugs before he was
arrested. Moreover, the Respondent considered himself a victim of
circumstances and viewed the investigating officer, ASP Deng Kaile (“ASP
Deng”), with absolute suspicion.

(c) Despite the various lies, the Judge still found that the Respondent’s
evidence at the trial to be generally credible and supported by objective
evidence.

The parties’ contentions on appeal

The Prosecution’s submissions

21 The Prosecution submits that the lies in the statements indicate guilt on
the part of the Respondent. It submits that the Judge erred in the following
aspects:

(a) Disregarding the probative value of the lies told by the Respondent and
failing to draw an adverse inference against the Respondent for failing to
state his defence in his statements, as the Respondent’s lies were
deliberately told to dissociate himself from the Black Luggage and Hamidah;

(b) Requiring the Prosecution to prove that the _only possibility_ for the
Respondent’s lies in his statements was a realisation of guilt prior to his
arrest;

(c) Finding against the weight of the evidence that the Respondent had
probably lied in his statements to the CNB because he had been informed
subsequent to his arrest that his arrest was for a drug trafficking offence
that was related to the arrest of Hamidah at the Woodlands Checkpoint the
previous night; and

(d) Failing to attribute any or sufficient weight to the fact that the
Respondent’s explanations for his lies have evolved and shifted to suit his
purposes as the trial progressed.

22 Further, the Prosecution also submits that the Judge had erred in the
following respects:

(a) It is not plausible that the Respondent was a _bona fide_ business man
given his inability to account satisfactorily for his highly suspicious travel
plans, _ie_ , his coming to Singapore without a plan or contact, and making a
hotel booking for only one night;

(b) The Judge has failed to accord sufficient weight to the suspicious
circumstances surrounding the Respondent’s travel to Singapore, and some
extraordinary circumstances, including:

(i) the numerous suspicious texts received by the Respondent on his arrival at
Changi Airport, and

(ii) the fact that the Respondent was taking directions from Nigerian parties
as to his movements, as shown by mobile phone records.

(c) The Judge erred in finding that the following facts are indicative of a
lack of knowledge of the Drugs in the Black Luggage:

(i) the Respondent’s decision to board Hamidah’s car and accept her offer to
buy him a meal even though Hamidah’s evidence was that he behaved nervously
and suspiciously;

(ii) the fact that the Respondent proceeded to collect the Black Luggage at
Changi Airport instead of simply walking away after being delayed at
Immigration; and

(iii) The Respondent’s leaving of the Black Luggage at the lobby of Hotel 81
for 12 minutes while he went out of the hotel to change money.

23 Finally, the Prosecution contends that the Judge’s inference that the
Respondent did not know about the illicit contents of the Black Luggage and
his finding that the Respondent has rebutted the presumption under s 18(2) of
the MDA are clearly against the weight of the evidence.

The Respondent’s Submissions

24 The Respondent’s submissions broadly go towards the argument that the Judge
had not erred in his findings. This appeal deals primarily with facts and the
question is whether this court should depart from the Judge’s findings of
primary facts and inferences drawn, or not drawn, therefrom. The Respondent
underscores that the Judge is better placed than the appellate court to make
such findings of facts, for the following reasons:

(a) The findings were made at the conclusion of an eight-day trial involving
two accused persons;

(b) The findings hinge on a question of credibility;

(c) The Judge’s inferences were based on a particular characterisation of the
primary facts for which he was better placed to make.

25 The Respondent also submits that there are innocent explanations for the
Respondent’s lies. In particular, the Judge did not err in assessing the
alternative case regarding the untruth in the First Statement that was put
forth by the Respondent’s counsel, Mr Eugene Thuraisingam (“Mr Thuraisingam”),
and the Judge was well aware that the legal burden of proving a lack of
knowledge of the Drugs rests on the Respondent.

26 It is also argued that the suspicious circumstances alleged by the
Prosecution regarding the Respondent’s travel to Singapore do not go towards
proving the Respondent’s guilt. The Judge is also right to infer that the
Respondent’s behaviour at Changi Airport, as well as after leaving Changi
Airport, is inconsistent with someone who knew that he was in possession of
the Drugs. The Judge’s inference that the Respondent was a _bona fide_ trader
is a correct one.

Our decision

27 The only issue before us is whether, given the circumstances of the case,
the Respondent has rebutted the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA by
proving on a balance of probabilities that he had no knowledge that the Black
Luggage contained the Drugs.

Burden of proof

28 Section 18 of the MDA provides as follows:

**Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs**

18.—(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or
under his control —

(_a_) anything containing a controlled drug;

(_b_) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

(_c_) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; or

(_d_) a document of title relating to a controlled drug or any other document
intended for the delivery of a controlled drug,

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

(3) The presumptions provided for in this section shall not be rebutted by
proof that the accused never had physical possession of the controlled drug.

(4) Where one of 2 or more persons with the knowledge and consent of the rest
has any controlled drug in his possession, it shall be deemed to be in the
possession of each and all of them.

29 In the present case, the Respondent was in physical possession of the Black
Luggage before he transferred it over to Hamidah at Clarke Quay. Accordingly,
the Drugs are presumed to be in his possession at the material time pursuant
to s 18(1) of the MDA. As the Respondent is presumed to have had the
controlled drugs in his possession, he shall, until the contrary is proved, be
presumed to have known the nature of that drug: see s 18(2) of the MDA.

30 The effect of s 18(2) of the MDA was recently explained by the Court of
Appeal in _Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters_
[2014] 3 SLR 721 (“ _Muhammad Ridzuan_ ”) at [75]:

In order to rebut the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA, an
accused person has to adduce sufficient evidence to demonstrate, on a balance
of probabilities, that he or she did not know the nature of the drug,  _ie_ ,
the actual controlled drug proven or presumed to be in the accused person's
possession: see  _Nagaenthran_ (at [31]). In  _Dinesh Pillai_ , this court
further refined the principles applicable to the rebuttal of the presumption
of knowledge (at [18]):

... As s 18(2) has been triggered in the present case, the appellant bears the
burden of proving on a balance of probabilities that he did not know  _or
could not reasonably be expected to have known_ the nature of the controlled
drug that was found inside the Brown Packet. ... [emphasis added]

The court in  _Dinesh Pillai_ accepted that an accused (here, Ridzuan) would
also not be able to rebut the presumption by a mere assertion of his lack of
knowledge had he been wilfully blind as to the nature of the drugs.

[emphasis in italics in original]

31 The following statements by Yong Pung How CJ in _Van Damme Johannes v
Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 694 (also a case concerning controlled
drugs concealed in a suitcase that was handed to the accused person) are also
apposite (at [22]):

… It is accepted that the onus is always on the Prosecution to prove its case
beyond a reasonable doubt but, in the context of the Act, the law has provided
the Prosecution with presumptions and the court must have regard to them. Once
the presumptions were triggered in this case the onus was on the accused to
discharge the presumptions. It would then be up to the court to decide whether
or not to believe him; to assess his credibility and veracity; to observe his
demeanour; to listen to what he had to say; to go through the evidence and
determine whether his story was consistent; and finally to make a judicial
decision. …

32 Since s 18(2) of the MDA has been triggered, the legal burden has shifted
to the Respondent. It is not sufficient for the Respondent to merely raise a
“reasonable doubt” _vis-à-vis_ the issue of knowledge (see _eg_ , _Iwuchukwu
Amara Tochi v PP_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 503 at [9]). Further, as Chan Sek Keong CJ
pointed out in _Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 4
SLR 1156 (at [23]), “[t]he material issue in s 18(2) of the MDA is  _not_ the
_existence_ of the accused’s knowledge of the controlled drug,  _but_ the
_non-existence_ of such knowledge on his part” (emphasis in original).

Analysis of the evidence

The Respondent’s lies and omissions in his statements

33 In determining whether the Judge had erred in accepting the Respondent’s
defence, the key dispute centres on the probative effect of the numerous lies
and omissions made by the Respondent in his statements to the CNB, and the
Judge’s treatment of the Respondent’s explanations for those lies and
omissions. To narrow the point down even further, the critical question to be
answered is whether the Respondent had lied for innocent reasons, or whether
he had intentionally lied because he _knew_ that telling the truth would link
him to the crime.

(1) The First Statement

34 We shall begin our examination with the First Statement, which was recorded
shortly after the Respondent’s arrest in Hotel 81and the material part is:

Q:When you arrive at airport in Singapore, how many luggage did you bring?

A:One.

Q:Is that the luggage? (Recorder’s note: accused was pointed to a black bag on
the floor in the room)

A:Yes.

35 The Respondent’s evidence at trial is that _he did not lie_ in the First
Statement because he considered that the laptop bag was not a luggage, and
that when the statement was taken, everything including his laptop bag had
been taken out of the hotel room and the officer did not point to any bag when
the statement was taken. Even the Judge did not believe the Respondent’s
proffered explanations. We agree with the Judge in this respect, for the
reasons that he gave (at [64] of the GD).

36 Nevertheless, the Judge went on to deal with the Respondent’s _alternative_
case, which is that, he had _lied_ in the statement because he had been told
that there was an arrest on the previous night and two packets of drugs were
found in a bag brought by him. The Judge concluded that he could not “rule out
the possibility that [the Respondent] had lied because he realised that there
was an arrest on the night before and a luggage with two packets of drugs were
found and/or that he was arrested for drug trafficking” (the GD at [66]).

37 It is not disputed that an accused person is entitled to run alternative
cases, even if they are inconsistent. As stated by this court in _Public
Prosecutor v Mas Swan bin Adnan and another appeal_ [2012] 3 SLR 527 (“ _Mas
Swan_ ”) (at [68]), “the trial judge should not shut his mind to any
alternative defence that is reasonably available on the evidence even though
it may be inconsistent with the accused's primary defence”. However, the
Prosecution contends that the Judge had erred in his assessment of the
alternative explanation for the lie.

38 To begin, the evidential basis for the alternative case is threadbare. None
of the CNB officers testified that they had said anything regarding Hamidah’s
arrest or that two packets of drugs were found in a bag, or that he was being
arrested for drug trafficking, although SI Mohamed Affendi Bin Ideris (“SI
Affendi”) did inform the Respondent that he was being arrested for “suspected
drug offences”.[note: 6] While a number of the members of the arresting party
(namely, SI Affendi, ASP Edmund Lim Changwei (“ASP Lim”) and DSP Xavier Lek
Lai Ann) said they could _not_ rule out the possibility that “someone might
have told [the Respondent] about it” or that “he might have overheard the
conversations between the officers and surmise that his arrest must have
something to do with the Black Luggage before the statement was taken”, we do
not see how else they could have responded to such a question since none of
them could speak with conviction as to what the other persons _might_ have
said or done.

39 For example, the relevant portion of ASP Lim’s testimony is as follows:

QNow, witness, I just remind you, when I---when I first asked you whether you
heard the other officers talking to the accused about him being involved in
trafficking, your answer was you could not remember. Correct?

AYes.

QSo, witness, I put to you that it is entirely possible that the other
officers were talking to the accused about drug trafficking, correct?
“Entirely possible”, I’m not saying that it definitely happened.

AYes, Your Honour.

40 We also set out the portion of SI Affendi’s testimony that the Judge had
relied on in saying that SI Affendi “could not remember and therefore could
not rule out the possibility that [the Respondent] might have been told”:

QBetween 11.00am and 1.00pm, your earlier answer was that you cannot recall---

AMm.

Q\---who spoke to the accused. Correct?

AYes, Your Honour.

QSo you cannot rule out that he was told that there was an arrest the previous
night and a luggage bag with two packets of drugs were found. You can’t rule
that out, correct, because you can’t remember?

AYes, I couldn’t rule it out. It’s---I couldn’t recall, Your Honour.

41 Finally, it must be underscored that the key point – that the Respondent
might have heard it – _was never stated by the Respondent in the evidence_.

42 Given the flimsy evidentiary basis for the alternative case, Mr
Thuraisingam relies on the Judge’s remark at [66] of the GD that “it would not
have been too difficult for [the Respondent] to surmise, after being told that
the arrest was related to a drug offence, that the arrest could have something
to do with the Black Luggage”. This is wholly speculative. For example, it was
pointed out to Mr Thuraisingam at the oral hearing before us that it is odd
that the Respondent would immediately decide to deny knowledge of the Black
Luggage when he could have instead said that someone must have planted
something in his hotel room or his laptop bag. Mr Thuraisingam’s reply was
that it would not be surprising that he would be alerted to that fact since
one of the first questions asked of him was the number of luggage bags he
brought to Singapore, especially given that the arrest took place in the
morning after he had passed the Black Luggage to Hamidah. It seems to us that
the Respondent would have been remarkably adroit to have come immediately to
that conclusion upon being asked about his luggage.

43 Furthermore, _even_ if we assume it is true that this conclusion was
figured out by the Respondent himself, he _contradicted_ that by his own
evidence at trial, which is that the first time he had any inkling that the
charge against him had any relation to the Black Luggage was when his counsel
visited him:

… I only hear that they found something, drug, that I was charge of because my
---my lawyer tell me when he come. He say, “They are charging you because the
bag you give contains drugs, that the bag you give to the”--- that is first
time I have a knowledge that bag have the part to play with my arrest...

44 It appears to us that that the Respondent has a habit of fashioning his own
defence as he goes along, depending on how the winds of evidence are blowing.
Not only had he lied in the First Statement, he had also not been truthful
about why he lied. To add on to this, there are also no good reasons for his
inconsistent explanations. In _Mas Swan_ , one of the appellants (one
Roshamima) was facing a charge of importation of diamorphine. Her primary
defence was that she had no knowledge of the drugs that were in her
possession. Her alternative (and inconsistent) defence was that she believed
that the drugs were ecstasy. This court found that it was not unreasonable
that she had chosen not to rely on her alternative defence at trial because it
might have impacted on the cogency or strength of her primary defence, _which
might have acquitted her_ (_Mas Swan_ at [68]). Thus the court set aside
Roshamima’s conviction of importing diamorphine and convicted her on the
amended charge of attempting to import ecstasy instead. In the present case
there was no such similar option available to the Respondent, except that he
appears to have taken a particular position based on what seemed to him most
believable at the time. This is not the behaviour of a credible witness.

45 Indeed, the Judge himself did _not_ find that it was more likely than not
that the Respondent had lied on the basis of a realisation that there was an
arrest on the night before and a luggage with two packets of drugs were found
and/or that he was arrested for drug trafficking, and decided that the best
way forward was to lie about the Black Luggage. It appears that the Judge
himself was _not_ convinced that the Respondent had an innocent explanation
for this lie. Nevertheless, the Judge was willing to give him the benefit of
the doubt. Taken in isolation, it is indeed _possible_ that the Respondent had
lied in the First Statement even though he did not know before he was arrested
that the Black Luggage contained drugs. We might not have held this lie
against the Respondent if he had come clean afterwards. However, the
Respondent did not stop here.

(2) The cautioned statement and long statements

46 The cautioned statement was recorded from the Respondent several hours
after his arrest. The charge that was read to him (which is not exactly the
same as the final charge) informed him that he was facing a drug trafficking
offence, and that the basis of the charge was that he had given two packets of
crystallized substance believed to contain methamphetamine to Hamidah at 3
River Valley Road, Clarke Quay. He was also informed that a conviction could
result in a death sentence. The caution under s 23 of the Criminal Procedure
Code 2010 (Cap 61, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the s 23 caution”) that was read to him
states:

Do you want to say anything about the charge that was just read to you? If you
keep quiet now about any fact or matter in your defence and you reveal this
fact or matter in your defence only at your trial, the judge may be less
likely to believe you. This may have a bad effect on your case in court.
Therefore it may be better for you to mention such fact or matter now. If you
wish to do so, what you say will be written down, read back to you for any
mistakes to be corrected and then signed by you.

47 This was what the Respondent said in the cautioned statement:

_I did not pass anything to anybody._ I was in my hotel room and there was a
knock and they said Police and I opened the door. They came in and asked me
where my luggage. _I told them this is all I have._ They asked me if I go out.
_I told them I only go to change money and look around._ They searched the
place and they found nothing. [emphasis added in italics]

48 In his examination-in-chief, the Respondent explained that he said what he
did because he was “full of confusion”. He did not know who Hamidah was, he
did not know anything about two packets of drugs, and he did not pass any
packets of drugs to anyone. He was scared so he said nothing about it.[note:
7]

49 During cross-examination by the Deputy Public Prosecutor, Mr Ng Cheng Thiam
(“Mr Ng”), the Respondent tried to explain the specific untruths as follows:

(a) In clarification as to why he said he did not give _anything_ to _anybody_
, the Respondent said that the charge talked about drugs and not a
luggage.[note: 8]

(b) As regards his statement that “this is all I have” (which meant that he
only had what was in the hotel room) in response to the question as to where
his luggage was, the Respondent said he only wanted to refer “to him the
particular thing – the question which was already also written there” before
going on to talk about how he was scared for his life and in pain the whole
day.[note: 9]

(c) As regards why he only said he had gone out to “change money and look
around”, the Respondent explained that he said nothing about handing a luggage
bag over to Hamidah “because it have [_sic_] no part to play here” and said
nothing about meeting a lady because “[the CNB] never asked me for
that”.[note: 10]

50 As for the reason why the Respondent kept mum even though the s 23 caution
read out to him was in broad terms, the Respondent’s answer was long and
winding but the gist of it is that he blamed the investing officer for not
being specific and not being “open” about the circumstances of the offence.
When asked by Mr Ng whether the Respondent had said whatever he wanted to say
in the cautioned statement, the Respondent said he did not “want to be open of
everything because now I didn’t have… the heart of the problem”. He also said
he couldn’t “open [his] heart that moment because… [he] was in high
tension”.[note: 11]

51 It seems to us clear that the Respondent’s explanations are no more than
convenient excuses. By the time the cautioned statement was recorded, he would
have undoubtedly surmised that the offence had something to do with the Black
Luggage and the transfer to Hamidah. Indeed on the alternative case which he
has advanced, he had already, on giving the First Statement, guessed that this
was so, and that was based on even far less information. By the time the s 23
caution was read to him, the Respondent could not have been under any
illusions as to the nature or the consequences of the charge. He also said he
understood the caution perfectly.[note: 12] He knew that the matter was very
serious and that this was his opportunity to state his defence.

52 At this point, _ie_ , the obtaining of the cautioned statement, it is
incumbent on an accused person, if he was in fact innocent, to come clean with
any facts or matter in his defence. If he fails to do so, the court may draw
an adverse inference against him. Under s 261 of the Criminal Procedure Code
2012 (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC 2012”), the court is expressly empowered to
draw appropriate inferences on the failure of accused persons, upon being
charged with an offence, to state facts which he could reasonably be expected
to mention when so questioned. As a matter of reason and logic, the
consequences of omissions must apply with equal (if not greater) force to the
utterances of deliberate untruths. Furthermore, the adverse inference drawn
may include the fact that the accused person’s omission to state the truth
arose from a realisation of guilt (_Pang Siew Fum and another v Public
Prosecutor_ [2011] 2 SLR 635 at [71] and [72], citing for illustrative
purposes _Lee Lye Hoe v Public Prosecutor_ [2000] SGCA 55 and _Lai Chaw Won v
Public Prosecutor_ [1999] SGCA 29).

53 Section 261(1) of the CPC 2012 states:

**Inferences from accused’s silence**

261\. —(1) Where in any criminal proceeding evidence is given that the accused
on being charged with an offence, or informed by a police officer or any other
person charged with the duty of investigating offences that he may be
prosecuted for an offence, failed to mention any fact which he subsequently
relies on in his defence, being a fact which in the circumstances existing at
the time he could reasonably have been expected to mention when so questioned,
charged or informed, as the case may be, the court may in determining —

(_a_) whether to commit the accused for trial;

(_b_) whether there is a case to answer; and

(_c_) whether the accused is guilty of the offence charged,

draw such inferences from the failure as appear proper; and the failure may,
on the basis of those inferences, be treated as, or as capable of amounting
to, corroboration of any evidence given against the accused in relation to
which the failure is material.

54 As we have alluded to earlier, the Respondent’s misstatement in the First
Statement might not have been held against him if he had corrected himself
when giving the cautioned statement, as by then he had been informed of and
given clear warning as to the consequences of continued deception. He did not
change his ways. He lied in the cautioned statement and continued to lie in
all the long statements.

55 The long statements were recorded between 21 November 2011 and 24 November
2011, which was about a week after the cautioned statement was made. By this
stage, the Respondent could no longer allege any misunderstanding of what was
being asked of him. The questions were precise and clear. The lies and
omissions included:

(a) He said he only carried one bag and that was the bag found in the room in
Hotel 81. He said he only checked in the laptop bag at the Lagos
airport.[note: 13] He said the bag he left at the hotel counter was the laptop
bag.[note: 14]

(b) He said he accidentally dropped his handphone in the toilet bowl in Hotel
81.[note: 15]

(c) He said he did not go to the Clarke Quay area.[note: 16]

(d) He said he did not know and had never seen the person when he was shown a
_photo_ of Hamidah[note: 17] (even if admittedly the Respondent might not have
known the name of the lady to whom he had passed the Black Luggage, he
certainly would have known how she looked like.)

(e) Similarly, he denied having met Adili before his arrest, when shown a
photo.[note: 18]

(f) Furthermore, there was no mention of Kingsley anywhere in his various
statements.

56 The Respondent’s explanations for the lies, in summary, is that he had
decided to lie out of fear because his life was at stake, and that ASP Deng
was the “shepherd” who had led him to say the things that he wanted the
Respondent to say. Essentially, his point is that, because he did not know the
full facts of what had happened, he decided to deny anything that was not in
his possession as he felt that was the safer course to take. We note that the
Judge seemed to have considered that the latter reason was applicable even to
the cautioned statement. However, for accuracy we ought to mention that there
is some ambiguity regarding this as the Respondent gave this particular reason
while answering questions posed to him regarding the long statements[note: 19]
(at which point he could no longer claim that confusion was a reason for his
stating the untruths).

57 In _Kwek Seow Hock v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 157 (“ _Kwek Seow
Hock_ ”), this court considered the question of when it is appropriate for a
court to draw an adverse inference against an accused person for failing to
state his defence in his long statements. A court is not always entitled to
draw an adverse inference for failure to disclose a material fact in long
statements as an accused person is allowed to withhold mentioning any fact or
circumstance which, if disclosed, may incriminate him by the effect of s 121
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed), which is similar to the
present s 22 of the CPC. Nevertheless, this court went on to explain as
follows (at [19]):

_If, however, the fact or circumstance that is withheld will exculpate the
accused from an offence, a court may justifiably infer that it is an
afterthought and untrue, unless the court is persuaded that there are good
reasons for the omission to mention that exculpatory fact or circumstance._
This accords with common sense – if an accused believes he is not guilty of an
offence that he might be charged with, he would be expected to disclose why he
has such a belief. For a self-confessed trafficker like the Appellant,
consumption would be an exculpatory fact. Furthermore, an exculpatory fact or
circumstance has more credibility if disclosed to an investigating officer at
the earliest opportunity after arrest. Thus, in _Chou Kooi Pang v PP_ [1998] 3
SLR(R) 205, this court (without referring to _Lim Lye Huat Benny_ ([10]
_supra_)) held, in regard to one of the appellants, that his “failure to
mention a material part of his defence at an earlier stage meant that it was
less likely to be believed” (at [30]). [emphasis added in italics]

58 In the premises, there is a strong basis for finding that the Respondent’s
case at trial is an afterthought and untrue, as the Respondent has failed to
provide any good reasons for his omission to mention key exculpatory facts or
circumstances. In particular, we are unable to see why the Respondent failed
to mention Kingsley, whose existence is crucial to his defence, at any stage
during the taking of the statements, when he was quite willing to volunteer
other details of his background in coming to Singapore. After all, he could
have mentioned that he came to Singapore to purchase used electronics with the
assistance of Kingsley, without having to say anything about the Black
Luggage. When questioned on this point, the Respondent’s answer was that ASP
Deng had laid a “foundation of lies” in the sense that ASP Deng never
mentioned the issue of him being given a bag. When Mr Ng pointed out to the
Respondent that ASP Deng was only asking how he came to Singapore, the
Respondent fell back on the assertion that he was afraid for his life.[note:
20] It is obvious that the Respondent had no answer for this omission. It
would have been proper for the Judge to draw an adverse inference in this
regard.

59 The Judge also erred in another respect. He said he did not think that the
Respondent’s “defensive” behaviour showed “ _unequivocally_ ” that before the
Respondent was arrested he had the requisite guilty knowledge as to what was
concealed in the Black Luggage (the GD at [67]). It seems that the Judge might
have overlooked the fact that it is the Respondent, not the Prosecution, who
bears the legal burden of proof as to his non-knowledge. Nevertheless, even
though the Prosecution does not have to rely on the lies in the statements as
corroborative proof of guilt in order to succeed at trial, it is our view that
the lies in the statements are more consistent with the Respondent having
knowledge of the Drugs in the Black Luggage before the arrest.

60 To amount to corroboration of evidence of guilt the lies must fulfil the
following requirements laid down by the English Court of Appeal in _Regina v
Lucas (Ruth)_ [1981] QB 720 at 724 (which was accepted by this court in
_Public Prosecutor v Yeo Choon Poh_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 302 at [33] and recently
endorsed in _Kamrul Hasan Abdul Quddus v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] SGCA 52 at
[18]):

(a) The lie told out of court is deliberate;

(b) It relates to a material issue;

(c) The motive for the lie is a realisation of guilt and a fear of the truth;
and

(d) The statement must clearly be shown to be a lie by independent evidence.

61 In the present case, the Respondent’s lies were deliberate ones relating to
material issues and which have been independently proven to be untrue. The
essential question, as we have said earlier, is whether the Respondent had
lied for innocent reasons, or whether he had intentionally lied because he
knew that telling the truth would link him to the crime. The Respondent’s
excuses for the lies were wholly unsatisfactory and unbelievable. It is clear
to us that he had deliberately lied to distance himself from the drugs in the
Black Luggage, the existence of which he knew. Quite simply, there is no
acceptable explanation for the lies save for his realisation of his guilt. To
suggest that the Respondent was justified to lie as a defensive move would be
to turn reason and logic on its head.

62 Finally, a lie that is not corroborative of guilt can still be relied upon
to make a finding that an accused person is not creditworthy. The evidence of
a witness who is demonstrably economical with the truth _without any good
reason_ ought to be treated with a healthy level of caution, _a fortiori_ , if
it indicates a propensity to change his evidence as the trial proceeded. In
fact, lies can be taken into account when assessing the creditworthiness of an
accused person even if he has a valid reason for lying, as was held in _Heng
Aik Peng v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 3 SLR 469 at [27]:

27 The distinction between relying on an accused’s lies as evidence of guilt
and forming a view that his evidence is not creditworthy because of certain
lies is an extremely important one. As pointed out by the court in _R v Lucas_
([24] _supra_), an accused person may lie for a variety of reasons not
connected with guilt of the offences. As such, it is dangerous to convict an
accused person based on the fact that he lied, unless the criteria in _Er Joo
Nguang v PP_ ([24] _supra_) are satisfied. _On the other hand, there can be no
objection to a court’s reliance on such lies to reach a finding that an
accused person’s evidence lacks creditworthiness, since the lack of
credibility does not automatically lead to his conviction. I found Heng’s
submission, that Er Joo Nguang v PP (supra) should be construed to stand for
the proposition that so long as an accused person had a_** _valid
explanation_** _for lying in court, a judge should never find him to be
evasive and untruthful, to be totally without merit._ Such a proposition,
which does not appreciate the distinction mentioned above, would cripple the
legal process as it would effectively handicap judges, who have always relied
on the veracity and accuracy of witness’s statements and oral evidence in
considering the weight to be placed on their evidence. I should also add that
none of the numerous cases that have dealt with the treatment of an accused
person’s lies, such as _R v Lucas_ ([25] supra), _PP v Yeo Choon Poh_ [1994] 2
SLR 867 and _R v Goodway_ [1993] 4 All ER 894, give any credence to such a
proposition. In fact, they clearly state that a court need only treat an
accused person’s lies with caution when they are being relied on as
corroborative evidence. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

63 It is thus incumbent on a trier of fact to give careful consideration to
such lies and omissions, as well as to an accused person’s explanations (or
lack thereof) for those lies and omissions, in determining the
creditworthiness of the accused. Here, the Judge appears to have given
insufficient regard to this factor when he concluded that the Respondent’s
evidence at trial was generally credible, when the fact that the Respondent
raised exculpatory facts for the first time at such a late stage is itself a
reason to consider it as less credible (_Kwek Seow Hock_ at [19]).

(3) Conclusion on the lies and omissions

64 For the above reasons, with respect to the Respondent’s lies and omissions,
we find that the Judge had plainly erred in (a) failing to draw an adverse
inference against the Respondent and (b) in failing to properly consider that
the Respondent is not a creditworthy witness when assessing the credibility of
his evidence at trial. With respect, we think that the Judge did not examine
the explanation offered by the respondent for each lie or omission with the
requisite rigour.

65 In any event, we must also add that even if the Respondent had not told all
the lies that he did, the scenario which he painted at trial is also hard to
believe. It is to this perspective that we will now consider.

The Respondent’s version of the facts at trial

(1) The Respondent’s reasons for coming to Singapore

66 To briefly recap, the Respondent claims to be a _bona fide_ trader who had
come to Singapore to buy used laptops to sell back home. The Judge found that
this assertion is corroborated by the evidence of Kervinn and the fact that
the Respondent had entered Singapore with the equivalent of US$5,000.

67 In our view, Kervinn’s evidence is, at best, weak corroboration of the
Respondent’s case. First, Kervinn had never spoken with the Respondent before
the latter came to Singapore. He was only told by his Lagos office that the
Respondent was a trader coming to Singapore. Secondly, Kervinn is the person
who applied for the Respondent’s entry visa into Singapore. A drug trafficker
or someone associated with a drug trafficker is hardly going to state the
truth regarding the purpose of the visit to the person filing his visa
application, especially since, as Kervinn says, the Immigrations & Checkpoints
Authority would have Kervinn’s contact details when he makes the visa
applications. It goes without saying that a drug trafficker entering Singapore
will create some kind of a cover story, if only to have a plausible thing to
say at the immigration counter when asked. Thirdly, Kervinn also said that he
has encountered many Nigerians who have come to Singapore to buy electronic
goods. It is hard to see how far that helps the Respondent. For example, the
fact that many Japanese people come to Singapore as tourists is hardly proof
that a Japanese person who is caught with drugs _only_ came to Singapore for
tourism purposes. Furthermore, one would expect a drug trafficker to use some
common reason for entering Singapore as his cover story.

68 As for the amount of money found on the Respondent, we accept that it is a
point in his favour, but only a small one. For a trader in electronic goods,
coming from such a long distance, US$5,000 is a very small amount. There was
no evidence as to the estimated number of second-hand laptops which he
intended to buy, what he had ascertained to be their likely cost, or what were
his specific plans. What we have is no more than a bare assertion that he came
here for making purchases.

69 Thus, there is little objective evidence that supports the Respondent’s
case in this regard. Moreover, there are a number of suspicious circumstances
which undermine the Respondent’s claim to be a _bona fide_ trader. Those
circumstances are enumerated below.

(2) Suspicious circumstances in the Respondent’s case

70 On the Respondent’s evidence, he was only carrying his laptop bag when he
met Izuchukwu and Kingsley at Lagos Airport (although there was no arrangement
to meet Kingsley[note: 21]). It was Kingsley who asked him to bring the Black
Luggage to the contact in Singapore, who would then help him after he had done
so. Kingsley then made a call in the Respondent’s presence to tell the person
in Singapore that the Respondent is going to Singapore with the Black Luggage.
The Respondent had asked Kingsley for the details of the contact in Singapore
but Kingsley refused to give it to him. He regarded bringing the Black Luggage
to Singapore as a return favour to Kingsley. Nevertheless, he checked its
contents and found only clothes. He therefore agreed to help and checked in
the Black Luggage. All of this only came up for the first time at trial.

71 There are a number of elements in this story that required explanation. We
do not intend to go through each and every part of the Respondent’s case that
we found to be improbable, but we shall highlight a few points for the
purposes of illustration.

72 First, this was the Respondent’s first time travelling out of Nigeria[note:
22] and it was to be a serious business trip. The idea that he would do so
without the contact’s _name_ or any contact details, or even a clear
itinerary, is hard to believe. This is especially so considering his own
description of being a careful and particular man.[note: 23] Furthermore, no
good reason was provided as to _why_ Kingsley would even have declined to give
such details to the Respondent. When asked why didn’t he press Kingsley for
_any_ detail, the Respondent’s answer was difficult to understand but the
Judge interpreted it to mean that the Respondent had gone along with
Kingsley’s arrangement because he felt that once he was able to meet up with
the contact in Singapore, he could then conduct future transactions through
that contact. The Judge did not mention that the Respondent also said that he
was confident that there was in fact a contact in Singapore because he had
heard Kingsley call that person from Lagos Airport.[note: 24] However, we see
a problem with that explanation: the Respondent’s own case is that he had not
known that Kingsley would turn up at Lagos Airport in the first place. There
was simply no explanation why he did not insist on having the contact details
of the contact or even some kind of assurance that someone was waiting for him
_before he made the decision to come to Singapore_. He was perfectly happy to
leave it in Kingsley’s hands all along. Indeed, even the Judge himself noted
that going along with Kingsley’s approach was “not the most prudent course to
take”.

73 In a related vein, the key plank of the Respondent’s defence is that he had
been asked by a third party to carry an additional luggage out of the blue. He
said that he believed the Black Luggage contained nothing but clothes. We find
it hard to accept that the Respondent would meekly accept this task without
even knowing to _whom_ Kingsley wanted him to pass the Black Luggage. Even
Hamidah’s counsel at trial observed during cross-examination that the
Respondent is a careful man.[note: 25] Yet in his version of the facts the
Respondent seemed completely nonchalant about all the secrecy surrounding the
person to whom the Respondent was supposed to meet and pass the Black Luggage,
especially when it ostensibly contained nothing of value. All these sound very
mysterious. Any reasonably prudent person, acting in good faith, would have
probed further yet he seemed to be completely non-concerned.

74 It is also the Respondent’s evidence that he had gone to Kim Tian Hotel
before he received a call from Kingsley, telling him to go to Hotel 81 instead
because Kim Tian Hotel is too far for the person who is supposed to help
him.[note: 26] He then went to Hotel 81, where he paid for _only_ one night’s
stay (even though he said he was to be in Singapore for three days). The
Prosecution submits that it is very suspicious that the Respondent had come
all the way from Lagos to Singapore, with just a hotel booking for one night.
The Respondent explained that he made the booking for only one night because
Kingsley’s contact was to meet him the following day. However, he only
received the call from the contact _after_ paying just for one night. This is
the relevant extract of the Respondent’s testimony:[note: 27]

QOkay. But based on what I understand you paid only for one night.

AYes.

QBut the call came later.

AI say. Yes, I say I paid already, checked in before the call come. When the
call come, my arrangement is that they is[sic) coming, and I don’t know their
arrangement, possible if they come they change my position of stay. The place
I pay is too costly. They can change my position of stay because here is
costly. They can give me a cheaper place to stay.

75 The Judge recognised that the Respondent might be prevaricating but
nevertheless accepted the inconsistency as follows (the GD at [55]):

… However, Ilechukwu’s consistent evidence had been that Kingsley’s contact
would meet him on the day after his arrival in Singapore. This was why,
according to Ilechuwku, he decided to only pay for one night’s stay in Hotel
81, Chinatown. I noted that Ilechukwu had earlier testified that Kingsley had
called him when he was at Kim Tian Hotel. Besides telling Ilechukwu to go
Hotel 81. Chinatown, Kingsley had also told Ilechukwu that his contact would
meet Ilechukwu on the next day. This was before the call from Kingsley’s
contact that the prosecution had pointed out to Ilechukwu. In other words,
Ilechukwu knew that he was meeting Kingsley’s contact on the next day even
before he reached Hotel 81.

76 In the first place, the Respondent’s willingness to obey Kingsley’s
instructions and change plans at the drop of a hat is strange. The
Respondent’s reasons for listening to Kingsley in the first place are as
follows:

AWhen I was in that Kim’s Hotel, they---Kingsley call me on phone again. He
said that his arrangement change, that this Kim’s Hotel---Hotel is not the
right place I supposed to stay. Er, I supposed that---that here is going to be
too far from his friend going to help me. And it’s---here is too---too---too
far for them, have to go to another place. I---I---I the---I can’t---can’t get
from there.

…

QSo what hotel is this that you were supposed to go to?

ASo on the process I tell him that, “You know that I come here with my money
and you didn’t give me any money. My money is my money.” He say that, “Don’t
worry about that.” That he going to give me any money---any expenses I do
because this is their mistake. If they come to collect the bag, tomorrow when
the guy who are going to help me, is going to pay me, going to give me all the
expenses about the new hotel I’m going to go, because this is their fault and
give me a ride. Then he text to me---erm, he text to me and then he say,
“Chinatown.” Understand? Then he text in my phone, “Chinatown.” Then he call
me say, “That’s Hotel 81 in Chinatown. But you just tell the---the---the taxi
man.” I show him the---I show the taxi man this hotel in Chinatown.

77 So the reason why he changed hotels at Kingsley’s behest is that he was
assured that he would be refunded for his expenses at Hotel 81. As far as he
was concerned someone else was picking up the tab (although, again, it is odd
that a stranger like Kingsley’s contact would be willing to foot the bill
simply because Chinatown is nearer than Geylang to the contact). His concern
with the costliness of Hotel 81 is, at least on its face, not entirely
consistent with his belief that he would be reimbursed.

78 One other circumstance which we ought to mention is the numerous text
messages which the Respondent received on arriving at Changi Airport. If the
Respondent was indeed on a _bona fide_ business trip to Singapore, why would
the person in Nigeria who arranged his trip be so concerned about whether the
Respondent had cleared Immigration and Customs? We could understand it if
there is a single text message telling the Respondent to call back if the
latter really did encounter difficulties. However, what we see here seems to
suggest it to be anything else other than a _bona fide_ trip.

(3) Whether there were objective facts which showed the Respondent’s lack of
knowledge of the Drugs

79 We now turn to the facts that the Judge considered to be inconsistent with
the Respondent having knowledge of the Drugs. We begin with the Judge’s
findings in respect of two incidents involving the Black Luggage. The first is
the finding that someone with knowledge of the Drugs would have abandoned the
Black Luggage after the delay at immigration at Changi Airport. The second is
the finding that it would have been unusual for a person with the knowledge
that a bag contained drugs destined for a drug syndicate to leave the Black
Luggage at the lobby of Hotel 81 for 12 minutes, since such a person would
know that severe consequences would follow if the bag were to have been lost.

80 The Prosecution submits that the Judge’s perception of the Respondent’s
acts in both those situations is inconsistent. We agree. Any concern about
reprisal from drug syndicates that may have existed is something that would
operate on a drug trafficker’s mind at all times, so it would be incorrect to
account for this possibility only with respect to the Respondent’s actions at
Hotel 81 and not at Changi Airport. A drug trafficker who is concerned about
the repercussions of misplacing his cargo would be extremely reluctant to
abandon the Drugs at the airport, for by so doing he _ensures_ that the Drugs
will be lost. He might prefer the possibility of legal sanction to the
certainty of whatever punishment may await him from criminal drug lords. Even
if he did not appear to be flustered on the CCTV footage or nervous enough to
be stopped by a customs officer when the Black Luggage was being inspected,
that is neither here nor there. There is nothing surprising about a drug
trafficker being adept enough to evade checks or to appear composed at customs
and immigration; undoubtedly there are strong and determined individuals
involved in the drug trade. That is how drugs managed to enter Singapore in
the first place.

81 In comparison, at Hotel 81, it is the Respondent’s own evidence that the
reception staff at Hotel 81 had asked him to keep his bag beside the hotel
counter.[note: 28] It can be inferred that the Respondent was reasonably
confident that the Black Luggage would be safe with that employee of the
hotel. Leaving the Black Luggage under the eye of a responsible third party is
a minuscule risk in the Singapore context. Moreover, we see no reason to think
that a drug trafficker will want to keep his drugs with him at all times.
Indeed, there is another angle to this issue. If he were to insist upon
dragging the Black Luggage along it could also have caused the staff to wonder
what was in it that was so valuable or important that the Respondent would
trust nobody else with it; this would only draw attention. By accepting the
helpful gesture from the reception staff, no one would think anything more
about the bag. Truly, in that situation, there was really not much of a choice
for him. We would not have viewed those circumstances as indicating a lack of
knowledge as to what was hidden in the bag.

82 Another aspect which the Judge considered to be inconsistent with guilty
knowledge on the Respondent’s part is the fact that the Respondent got into
the car with Hamidah after he had handed the Black Luggage to her. The Judge
reasoned that that if the Respondent had known of the Drugs in the Black
Luggage, “it would be highly unusual for him to agree to continue to be
associated with it and prolong the risk of being caught” and that the “natural
instinct of any person with such knowledge would be to go off immediately” (GD
at [60]). We accept that this is by far the strongest point in the
Respondent’s favour. However, people do not always act in ways that we expect
of them. As the Prosecution points out, the same argument might also be
applied to Hamidah, who was convicted. After all, Hamidah too was prolonging
the risk of getting caught by inviting the Respondent into her car in search
of a meal. The Respondent may have had his own reasons for going into
Hamidah’s car despite his knowledge that the Black Luggage contained the
Drugs. Interestingly, Hamidah even said that the Respondent appeared nervous.
Yet Hamidah received the bag and offered the Respondent a lift. Therefore,
there must be more than what meets the eye. An individual happenstance (_ie_ ,
the Respondent going into the car of Hamidah) must be viewed against the
entire objective facts. The Judge, with respect, placed too much weight on
this single factor when assessing the evidence.

Whether the threshold for appellate intervention had been crossed

83 From the foregoing, it is evident that the appeal turns primarily on
questions of fact, and it is a well-established principle that an appellate
court is usually slow to overturn the factual findings of a trial judge. The
key principles in this regard were summarised in _ADF v Public Prosecutor and
another appeal_ [2010] 1 SLR 874 at [16] as follows:

16 Before I deal with the appeal on the convictions, I ought to perhaps
reiterate that an appellate court has a limited role when it is asked to
assess findings of fact made by the trial court. In summary, the role is
circumscribed as follows:

(a) Where the finding of fact hinges on the trial judge's assessment of the
credibility and veracity of witnesses based on the demeanour of the witness,
the appellate court will interfere only if the finding of fact can be shown to
be plainly wrong or against the weight of evidence: see  _PP v Mohammed Liton
Mohammed Syeed Mallik_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 at [32] and  _Yap Giau Beng Terence
v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 855 (“ _Yap Giau Beng Terrence”_) at [24]. An appellate
court may also intervene, if, after taking into account all the advantages
available to the trial judge, it concludes that the verdict is wrong in law
and therefore unreasonable:  _Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v PP_ [2006] 4
SLR(R) 45 (“ _Jagatheesan_ ”) at [43].

(b) Where the finding of fact by the trial judge is based on the inferences
drawn from the internal consistency (or lack thereof) in the content of
witnesses’ testimony or the external consistency between the content of their
testimony and the extrinsic evidence, an appellate court is in as good a
position as the trial court to assess the veracity of the witness's evidence.
The real tests are how consistent the story is within itself, how it stands
the test of cross-examination, and how it fits in with the rest of the
evidence and the circumstances of the case: see  _Jagatheesan_ at [40]. If a
decision is inconsistent with the material objective evidence on record,
appellate intervention will usually be warranted.

(c) An appellate court is as competent as any trial judge to draw any
necessary inferences of fact from the circumstances of the case: see  _Yap
Giau Beng Terence_ at [24].

84 In _Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Farid bin Mohd Yusop_ [2015] SGCA 12 (“
_Farid_ ”), after emphasising that the factual conclusions of a trial judge,
including those centring on the accused person’s credibility, are _not_ immune
from appellate scrutiny (at [50]), this court proceeded to clarify the
approaches towards findings of fact based on the credibility of witnesses and
inferences of fact (at [53] and [54]):

53 As alluded to in the passage above, we have now come to recognise a
difference between findings of fact based on the veracity or credibility of
witnesses and inferences of fact. Going one step further, it has also been
accepted by this court (see  _Thorben Langvad Linneberg v Leong Mei Kuen_
[2013] 1 SLR 207 at [13], affirming the decision of the Singapore High Court
in  _Public Prosecutor v Wang Ziyi Able_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 61) that an appellate
court is in as good a position as a trial judge to assess a witness’s
credibility if his assessment is based on inferences drawn from:

(a) the internal consistency in the content of the witness’s testimony; and

(b) the external consistency between the content of the witness’s evidence and
the extrinsic evidence.

54 In view of the principles set out above, when faced with an appeal against
a judge’s findings of fact, an appellate court should first seek to discern
whether the finding of fact appealed against is one based on the credibility
of the witness, or an inference of fact based on objective evidence. In the
latter scenario, an appellate court should look at the objective evidence
before the court and then question whether the trial judge’s assessment was
_plainly against the weight of the objective evidence_. In the former
scenario, the appellate court should assess whether the trial judge’s findings
on the credibility of the witness, and hence any acceptance of that particular
witness’s evidence, are  _plainly wrong_. This can be done by examining the
internal and external consistency of the witness’s evidence as mentioned in
the two categories above. [emphasis in italics in original]

85 _Farid_ is an example of the sparing manner in which an appellate court
will exercise its discretion to review a trial judge’s findings of fact. In
that case, this court expressed its reservations about the veracity of the
defence, which is that the respondent had an agreement not to deliver a
quantity of methamphetamine beyond 250g as that would attract the death
penalty. Nevertheless, this court was not satisfied that the trial judge’s
decision to accept the respondent’s defence, that the latter thought the drugs
which were delivered to him would not exceed 250g, was plainly wrong and
dismissed the Prosecution’s appeal.

86 Another illustrative case is that of _Public Prosecutor v Hla Win_ [1995] 2
SLR(R) 104 (“ _Hla Win_ ”) where the majority of the Court of Appeal (with
Yong Pung How CJ dissenting) upheld the acquittal of the respondent, who had
been found in possession of diamorphine in his bag after his arrest upon his
arrival at Changi Airport. The respondent’s defence was, essentially, that he
believed the bag he carried contained gems and that he had been asked by one
Maung Maung whom he met in Bangkok to smuggle gems. The majority, while
recognising that the circumstances were indeed suspicious, declined to
interfere with the judge’s findings. While a key plank of the respondent’s
evidence was not corroborated, the trial judge had found that what the
respondent said was on the balance of probabilities credible after considering
all the evidence, including the suspicious circumstances raised by the
Prosecution in that case.

87 In the present case, the Respondent’s version of the facts is quite
improbable. There was also no corroborating evidence for various key aspects
of the Respondent’s case. That said, we would still have hesitated to think
that the Respondent’s version of the facts is so incredible that it would
_ipso facto_ justify appellate interference. Had the case _merely_ turned on
the Judge’s assessment on the credibility of the Respondent’s oral testimony
at trial (and nothing more), we might have declined to interfere.

88 What tipped the scales are the numerous lies and omissions made by the
Respondent in his statements, for which there is no innocent explanation. This
is an important distinguishing factor from _Farid_ and the majority judgment
in _Hla Win_. In those cases, the evidence of the respective respondents at
trial was consistent with their statements, and this lent credibility to their
evidence at trial (see _eg_ , _Farid_ at [28] and _Hla Win_ at [42] and [43]).
Indeed, even Yong CJ in his dissenting judgment in _Hla Win_ said that the
respondent “had been a very consistent witness” (_Hla Win_ at [61]).
Unfortunately, the Judge erred in failing to draw an adverse inference against
the Respondent for his lies and omissions, and also in failing to properly
consider the impact of the lies and omissions in these statements on the
credibility of the Respondent’s evidence at the trial. At times, the Judge
also seemed to have lost sight of the fact that, where the statutory
presumptions under s 18 of the MDA operate, the burden of proof is on the
accused. We could not see how the Respondent could be considered to have
rebutted the presumption of knowledge on a balance of probabilities when the
objective facts are all stacked against him, including all the lies he uttered
as well as the material facts he deliberately suppressed in all his
statements, and when the sole objective fact which is in his favour (going
into the car of Hamidah) is really of limited value. The lies were told by the
Respondent obviously to distance himself from the Black Luggage and the Drugs
concealed therein.

Conclusion

89 In the result, and having regard to the totality of the evidence as
discussed above, we are convinced and find that the Respondent has not
rebutted the presumption of knowledge in s 18(2) of the MDA. While we are
mindful of the advantages that the Judge as a trier of fact has, we are driven
to the conclusion that the Judge ought to have rejected the Respondent’s
defence, which is in the final analysis an unlikely account from an unreliable
source. The Judge’s acquittal of the Respondent is wrong and against the
weight of the evidence. Accordingly, we allow the appeal, and convict the
Respondent on the charge preferred against him.

* * *

[note: 1]NE day 6 p 19.

[note: 2]NE day 5 p 15 and day 6 p 112.

[note: 3]RoP vol 2 p 197 to 200.

[note: 4]RoP vol 2 p 207 to 211.

[note: 5]RoP vol 2 pp 229 to 247.

[note: 6]NE, day 2, p 5 lines 13 to 23.

[note: 7]NE day 6 pp 57 to 58.

[note: 8]NE day 6 p 107.

[note: 9]NE day 6 pp 108 to 109.

[note: 10]NE day 6 p 109.

[note: 11]NE day 6 p 110.

[note: 12]NE Day 6 p 106.

[note: 13]RoP vol 2 p 231.

[note: 14]RoP vol 2 p 236.

[note: 15]RoP vol 2 p 238.

[note: 16]RoP vol 2 p 238.

[note: 17]RoP vol 2 p 246.

[note: 18]RoP 2 p 246.

[note: 19]NE day 6 pp 59 to 61; although see also re-examination at pp 139 to
140.

[note: 20]NE day 6 pp 88 to 89.

[note: 21]NE day 6 p 82.

[note: 22]NE day 6 p 15.

[note: 23]RoP Vol 1A NE day 6 p 64.

[note: 24]NE day 6 p 84.

[note: 25]RoP Vol 1A NE day 6 p 63.

[note: 26]NE day 6 p 28.

[note: 27]NE day 6 pp 136 to 137.

[note: 28]RoP Vol 2 p 236 (para 15).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jun 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

