Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chong Jiajun Eugene _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2015] SGHC 285

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 65 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 November 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  See Kee Oon JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Patrick Chin Meng Liong (Chin Patrick & Co) for the
appellant; Lin Yinbing and Michelle Lu Wei Yi (Attorney-General's Chambers)
for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Chong Jiajun Eugene — Public Prosecutor  
  
3 November 2015|  
---|---  
  
See Kee Oon JC:

1 The material facts of this case are straightforward. The then 23-year-old
appellant had rented a Ferrari 360 Modena F1 sports car (“the car”) from Ace
Drive Car Rental for under a week. It carried the vehicle licence plate number
SKD2284H. He chose to affix another vehicle’s licence plate number SQ1H onto
the car instead, using 3M double-sided tape.

2 On 19 March 2013, the appellant was stopped at random by an enforcement
officer from the Land Transport Authority (“LTA”) while driving the car and
investigations subsequently revealed that he had exhibited a false licence
plate. The licence plate SQ1H belonged to another car, a Mercedes Benz E200.
The appellant had picked it out from a website of “special” car plate numbers
and he did not know the owner of the car.

3 The appellant was thus charged under s 129(2)(_d_) of the Road Traffic Act
(Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), an offence punishable under s 129(2)(iii)
of the Act. For convenient reference, I reproduce the relevant provision of
the Act:

**False statements, forging of licences, etc.**

**129.** —(2) If any person –

…

(_d_) exhibits upon any vehicle or trailer any licence or identification mark,
plate or document which has been forged, altered, defaced, mutilated or added
to or any colourable imitation of a licence, mark, plate or document which is
required under this Act to be carried on a vehicle or trailer; …

he shall, unless he establishes to the satisfaction of the court that he acted
without intent to deceive, be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on
conviction to be punished …

…

(iii) … with a fine not exceeding $5,000 or with imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 12 months or with both.

4 The appellant elected to plead guilty to the charge and he was sentenced by
the court below to two weeks’ imprisonment. The District Judge in her grounds
of decision (published as _Public Prosecutor v Chong Jiajun Eugene_ [2015]
SGDC 142) emphasised that a custodial sentence was necessary to deter such
offences, citing the difficulty in detecting them and the heavy burden on the
resources of enforcement agencies, as well as the potential inconvenience and
harm that might be caused to other road users. She further noted that the
appellant had given two different explanations for why he had decided to affix
the false licence plate on the car.

5 Upon hearing the submissions of the respective parties on appeal, I allowed
the appeal and set aside the sentence of imprisonment and substituted it with
a fine of $5,000, in default two weeks’ imprisonment. I now set out my grounds
for my decision.

The appellant’s contentions

6 On appeal, counsel for the appellant accepted that deception is inherent in
such offences, and agreed that the District Judge was not wrong to have regard
to the “not inconsiderable” potential harm that might be caused should traffic
or other violations occur. Nevertheless, he submitted that an aggravating
feature must exist to warrant a custodial term. This might take the form of
evidence of some other circumstance or particular act or acts of deception,
such as a collateral purpose in using the false licence plate, _eg_ , to evade
Electronic Road Pricing (“ERP”) charges (as was the case in _Public Prosecutor
v Tan Wei Jin_ [2010] SGDC 216 (“ _Tan Wei Jin_ ”)). Even then the High Court
had found in dealing with the appeal in _Public Prosecutor v Chua Chee Hou_
[2012] SGDC 89 (“ _Chua Chee Hou_ ”) (Magistrate’s Appeal No 61 of 2012) that
a fine would suffice on the facts, where the appellant affixed a false licence
plate on the car in question so that he could reuse a season parking ticket
and avoid payment of parking charges.

7 The key plank of counsel’s submission was that there was no discernible
dishonesty or deception equivalent to that demonstrated in the cases cited
before the District Judge. The appellant’s motive should have been accorded
due consideration in determining the appropriate sentence, given that there
was no evidence of any violation of other laws. The car was rented for less
than a week, and all the appellant wanted to do was to “feel rich” in the car,
and “look good” posing for a photo shoot with the false licence plate number
SQ1H, which was a “golden number”. There was no other sinister motive and no
basis to assume that he had some other nefarious or unlawful aims in mind. It
was thus submitted that the District Judge had erred in summarily dismissing
his reasons.

The prosecution’s submissions

8 In response to the appellant’s submission, the Deputy Public Prosecutor
(“DPP”) countered that public policy considerations would require a deterrent
sentence for such offences. Sentencing precedents show that the starting point
would be a custodial sentence. There was potential harm in each offence, and
innocent parties might be affected and resources would need to be expended to
trace the actual offender if there were to be any traffic violations involving
the car.

9 The DPP submitted that the very act of fixing a false number plate by itself
involved deception. In response to the court’s query, the DPP clarified that
the offence in question was detected at random and there was no evidence of
any traffic or other violations committed by the appellant. Nonetheless, the
DPP took issue with the appellant’s stated motives and submitted that his
explanations of preparing for a photo shoot and wanting to “feel rich” by
driving the car with the false licence plate were not consistent and thus did
not merit consideration.

10 The DPP further submitted that offenders could easily come up with
unsubstantiated justifications. Such offences were also very difficult to
detect. She suggested that the appropriate sentence should be pegged to _Tan
Wei Jin_. In that case, the appellant chose to withdraw his appeal against a
two-week jail term, and had offered an unsubstantiated motive for affixing the
false licence plate, ostensibly to follow his father whom he suspected of
having an affair. The District Judge in _Tan Wei Jin_ had also agreed that
there was evidence of premeditation to evade detection including for non-
payment of the ERP charges.

11 As for _Chua Chee Hou_ , the DPP highlighted that he was caught evading
parking charges by reusing a season parking ticket issued for another vehicle,
and affixing the licence plate for that vehicle to the car in question. No
grounds of judgment were issued by the High Court in allowing the appeal and
substituting the jail term with a fine of $3,000. The DPP suggested that the
High Court might have been influenced by the fact that the appellant was not
driving on the road with the car, as the car was brought to the appellant’s
workshop for long-term repairs.

My decision

The mischief targeted by the provision

12 What is the true mischief targeted by s 129(2)(_d_) of the Act in relation
to such offending conduct involving affixing another licence plate number to a
vehicle? As a starting point, there must of course be “intent to deceive”
since s 129(2) states that if it can be shown to the court’s satisfaction that
there was no such intent, no offence would be disclosed. The pivotal enquiry
relates to the purpose for which this deception was being practised. In my
view, this enquiry leads to the logical conclusion that the mischief of the
provision would be to deal with cases where licence plates are fraudulently
switched or attached in order to facilitate the commission of some other
offence. The use of another licence plate is plainly motivated in such
circumstances by the desire to avoid detection and thwart enforcement or
investigation efforts. There was however no evidence whatsoever of any such
motive in the present case.

13 I accept that deception is inherent in the offence, and such offences are
indeed difficult to detect. I also agree entirely with the District Judge that
there is “not inconsiderable” potential harm that might result. An obvious
example will be if the driver is involved in some other traffic violation or a
serious road accident. It may mean that innocent third parties become
inconvenienced by the resulting investigations. They could be seriously
prejudiced since third-party insurance claims could be frustrated, and the
driver may well not even be insured. Moreover, enforcement actions, if any,
can be hampered or slowed down by further checks and verification that would
be required to ascertain the actual licence plate number. These are all
relevant considerations. But there was once again plainly no evidence of any
actual harm or inconvenience in the present case. More importantly, there was
no evidence put forth of any intent to cause such potential harm or
inconvenience.

The relevance of motive and the prosecution’s submission on sentence

14 I turn next to the different explanations the appellant appeared to have
put forward before the District Judge for his conduct. She was not impressed
by his explanations, which she found to be both “puzzling” and
“unsubstantiated”, although it is not clear if she had rejected both
explanations outright. Nevertheless even if his motives could be said to be
inconsistent (and I do not necessarily agree they are), I did not think this
would by itself tip the scales towards a custodial term when his motives
appear to be quite innocent.

15 There was no basis in my view to conclude that these must be
unsubstantiated and hence _prima facie_ unacceptable motives when the
prosecution had adduced no evidence to contradict his explanations. They
appeared to be plausible reasons for such conduct. From his explanations, he
acknowledged that he was an attention-seeking young man, whose age belies his
immaturity and fatuousness. He was simply intent on showing off, driven by the
desire to “feel rich” behind the wheel of a flashy rented sports car. He
wanted to be seen in (or with) the car with a “golden number” rather than the
uninspiring “plain vanilla” number that came with the car itself. That is not
palpably inconsistent with the explanation he first gave to the District Judge
that he rented the car to pose with it at a photo shoot that he was helping
his friend with. They may be separate and even unrelated reasons. Some may
even form the view that they are frivolous reasons, but they were not
necessarily inconsistent or inherently incredible explanations.

16 With respect, the District Judge may have placed undue reliance on his
differing reasons, almost as if his inability to keep to a consistent
explanation had aggravated the offence. In any event, his explanations
themselves were clearly not aggravating factors, despite a thinly-veiled
attempt by the Prosecuting Officer to suggest this in the written submission
tendered before the District Judge seeking a custodial sentence. At paragraph
five of the prosecution’s submission on sentence marked as ‘P1’, it was
contended that “[s]uch circumstances are further aggravated by the fact that
the defendant, for such triviality as to “look good” for his photoshoot, by
replacing the number plates with the forged ones, also avoidance [_sic_] in a
form of receiving the parking summons, ERP detection or other road related
offences”. I did not see the relevance of the perceived “triviality” of his
stated reason – it may have been trivial or frivolous, but this was by itself
no reason to suggest it was therefore patently and objectively unbelievable
and had somehow made his offence more aggravated. As for the possible
avoidance of detection, I reiterate that there was no evidence of any such
motives in the present case.

17 It was also inappropriate for the prosecution to maintain that matters were
“compounded” and enforcement officers would be further “inconvenienced”. With
respect, this appears to overstate the position. These considerations had no
application at all to the facts in the present case. There was certainly no
evidence of such inconvenience in terms of detection in the present case. He
was not caught for some other offence for which he was attempting to avoid
detection; the facts show that the offence was detected at random when he was
stopped by a LTA officer.

Calibration of the sentence

18 _Chua Chee Hou_ illustrates why the mischief targeted by the provision
should be carefully examined to determine whether the factual scenario at hand
falls squarely within it. Although there were no written grounds of judgment
issued, it would appear that the offender’s primary motive was to “reuse” the
season parking label which was issued for use on another car. He could perhaps
still have driven the car in question although it was undergoing repairs. At
any rate there was no evidence that the car would not or could not be driven.
But nonetheless the High Court’s decision to set aside the imprisonment term
and substitute it with a fine would demonstrate that even with a motive to
avoid incurring additional season parking charges for the car, his culpability
fell within the lower end of the spectrum. A high fine would thus be an
adequate deterrent punishment.

19 In the present case, the offence was planned and premeditated. But it seems
to me that every such offence of this nature would necessarily be so. As such,
this is not an additional aggravating feature. It is implicit in the offence
itself – I cannot see how someone could have chosen to affix a false number
plate without conscious planning and deliberation. There was no evidence that
the appellant had planned for long-term use of the number plate. After all, it
was a rented car which he would use for less than a week.

20 More critically, there was no evidence of any other unlawful intent, _eg_ ,
avoidance of parking summons or parking charges, ERP or road-related offences.
There was no other violation. There was, for instance, no evidence that he did
not insert a cashcard into his in-vehicle unit or that he did not display
parking coupons or that he did not provide the actual car number after being
involved in a car accident. There was no evidence that he was not insured. I
reiterate that he was simply stopped at random by an LTA enforcement officer.
It would therefore not be appropriate to overstate the potential harm that
might be occasioned in such circumstances, although I would readily accept
that this is a relevant consideration even if it is necessarily also a
somewhat speculative one.

21 It was of course entirely possible that in actual fact the appellant may
have had various other reasons for affixing the licence plate number SQ1H onto
the car. He was by his own admission a young man seeking to show off driving a
rented sports car. It would not be implausible that he might have wanted to
avoid detection should he be caught speeding or spotted driving recklessly or
participating in an illegal road race. But to ascribe such a motive to him
would be wholly speculative and unfair to him when no such evidence was before
the court.

22 It would in fact be very likely that, in other cases, false number plates
are affixed in order to facilitate the commission of other offences. I would
emphasise that a custodial term is still warranted in such cases. Imprisonment
of two weeks upwards should be expected even if they may be relatively minor
offences such as evasion of ERP, and I would venture to suggest that a longer
term in the range of four weeks would be appropriate where there is non-
payment of road tax and/or insurance. There will also be aggravated offences
for which more substantial sentences of imprisonment would be warranted, such
as where false number plates are used on stolen cars or to facilitate the
commission of more serious offences like drug trafficking, robbery,
immigration or customs offences, to name just a few. In such cases, the intent
to evade detection is manifestly clear and the starting point for the
sentencing court would be to consider a sentence of three months’ imprisonment
upwards.

23 I make one final brief observation: the prosecution included among its
sentencing authorities a newspaper article from August 2010 reporting the case
of _Tan Wei Jin_. Newspaper reports are widely referred to by the general
public as sources of news and information but they are hearsay and generally
not reliable sources for the court to rely on.

Conclusion

24 I was of the view that a custodial sentence would not be warranted given
the circumstances under which the offence was committed. In line with the High
Court’s decision in _Chua Chee Hou_ , the maximum fine would be adequate
punishment on the facts of this case. In my opinion, while a custodial
sentence would ordinarily still be warranted, the factual circumstances in
both cases were not such that they plainly fell within the mischief envisaged
by the relevant provision of the Act. I therefore allowed the appeal and
substituted the imprisonment term of two weeks with a fine of $5,000, in
default two weeks’ imprisonment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Nov 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

