Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tey Tsun Hang _v_ National University of Singapore  
[2015] SGHC 7

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 511 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ravi s/o Madasamy (L F Violet Netto) for the applicant;
Cavinder Bull SC, Gerui Lim and Priscilla Lua (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
respondent; David Chong SC and Sivakumar Ramasamy (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the non-party.  
Parties| :|  Tey Tsun Hang — National University of Singapore  
  
14 January 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 The applicant, Tey Tsun Hang (“Tey”), filed this Originating Summons (“OS”)
seeking leave under O 53 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“Rules of Court”) to bring judicial review proceedings against the National
University of Singapore (“NUS”).

2 Tey sought leave to pursue the following orders:

(a) A Quashing Order in relation to the decision of 27 July 2012 by NUS
suspending Tey from duty, on the grounds that there was a breach of natural
justice, whereby Tey’s fundamental rights to a fair hearing and presumption of
innocence were violated, and/or on the grounds that the decision to suspend
Tey was illegal, irrational, and/or procedurally improper (“the 1st Quashing
Order”);

(b) A Quashing Order in relation to the decision of 28 May 2013 by NUS
summarily dismissing Tey from his post, on the grounds that there was a breach
of natural justice, whereby Tey’s fundamental rights to a fair hearing and
presumption of innocence were violated, and/or on the grounds that the
decision to suspend Tey was illegal, irrational, and/or procedurally improper
(“the 2nd Quashing Order”); and

(c) A Mandatory Order against NUS to reinstate Tey to his position as of 26
July 2012 (“the 1st Mandatory Order”).

3 The central issue in this case is whether the decisions made by NUS are
susceptible to judicial review.

Background

4 Tey was appointed an associate professor at the faculty of law in NUS in
2010. NUS is a university corporatised in 2006 by the National University of
Singapore (Corporatisation) Act (Cap 204A, 2006 Rev Ed). Tey’s employment with
NUS was primarily governed by a letter dated 18 February 2010 which Tey had
executed on 26 February 2010 (“the Employment Agreement”).[note: 1] The
relevant clauses of the Employment Agreement are as follows:

5\. **_TERMINATION OF APPOINTMENT_**

5.1 The University may terminate the appointment by giving you not less than
three months’ prior notice in writing or three months’ salary in lieu of
notice …

5.2 The University may terminate your appointment immediately without prior
notice and without payment of any compensation to you should you –

(a) be convicted by a court of law of any crime which in the opinion of the
University is likely to bring the University into disrepute; or

(b) in the opinion of the University, be guilty of insobriety or misconduct or
gross impropriety; or

(c) fail to perform your duties and/or obligations or observe any of the terms
and conditions of your appointment; or

(d) be certified to be unfit to continue to be in the service of the
University by a medical board appointed by the University.

6\. **_OTHER TERMS_**

…

6.5 The appointee shall be bound by and conform with all policies, rules and
regulations affecting University staff, as may be in force from time to time
including, but not limited to, those in the Staff Handbook. …

5 On 27 July 2012, Tey was charged in court with six charges of corruption
under s 6(_a_) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed)
(“PCA”). On that same day, NUS suspended Tey from duty. Professor Simon
Chesterman, Dean and Head of the faculty of law, wrote to Tey to inform him of
this decision to suspend him. The letter read as follows:[note: 2]

Dear Prof Tey

**SUSPENSION FROM DUTY**

In the light of the Attorney-General’s decision to charge you for alleged
misconduct involving a student, the University will be initiating an
investigation under NUS’ Staff Disciplinary Procedures.

Pending the results of the investigation, you will be suspended from duty
under paragraph 18 of the Procedures, with immediate effect. For the time
being the suspension is without any change to your pay.

6 Paragraph 18 of NUS’ Staff Disciplinary Procedures reads as follows:[note:
3]

_Suspension_

18\. If disciplinary proceedings are contemplated against a staff member, the
Dean may, in consultation with VP(HR), suspend the staff member pending the
outcome of such proceedings if it is believed that such action is deemed
necessary:

a. To protect the interests of the University or any member of the University
community; or

b. To ensure that the conduct of the investigation or the proper functioning
of the University is not impeded.

Mr Cavinder Bull SC, counsel for NUS, submitted that the Staff Disciplinary
Procedures were incorporated into the Employment Agreement by cl 6.5 of the
Employment Agreement.[note: 4]

7 Tey was tried by the District Court on the criminal charges preferred
against him. During the trial, Tey admitted that he had:

(a) received gifts of significant value from one of his students at NUS (“the
Student”);

(b) been in an intimate relationship with the Student; and

(c) breached NUS’ Code of Conduct, the Conflict of Interest Policy for NUS
Staff, and the NUS Policy on Acceptance of Gifts by Staff

(see _Public Prosecutor v Tey Tsun Hang_ [2013] SGDC 165 at [564]–[568]).

8 On 28 May 2013, the District Court handed down its judgment. It found Tey
guilty and convicted him as charged. On the same day, NUS wrote to Tey
informing him of the immediate termination of his employment. The relevant
portions of the letter read as follows:[note: 5]

Dear Prof Tey

**SUMMARY DISMISSAL**

1\. I refer to our letter to you dated 27 July 2012 regarding your suspension
with pay pending the outcome of charges by the Attorney General on your
alleged misconduct involving a student.

2\. You have been found guilty of the charges as laid out by the Attorney
General.

3\. I draw your attention to Clause 5.2 of the terms and conditions of your
appointment dated 18 February 2010, in particular Clause 5.2(a) which states:-

“The University may terminate your appointment immediately without prior
notice and without payment of any compensation to you should you be convicted
by a court of law of any crime which in the opinion of the University is
likely to bring the University into disrepute.”

4\. In addition, Clause 5.2(b) and Clause 5.2(c) state that the University may
exercise its rights of summary dismissal should you be guilty of insobriety or
misconduct or gross impropriety; or if you have failed to perform your duties
and/or obligations or observe any of the terms and conditions of your
appointment.

5\. Arising from the above, your employment with the University is terminated
with immediate effect and without compensation, pursuant to Clause 5.2 of the
terms and conditions of your appointment.

…

9 Tey appealed against the decision of the District Court and the High Court
allowed Tey’s appeal on 28 February 2014. However, the High Court did not
disturb any of the factual findings made by the District Court concerning
Tey’s admissions. In fact, the High Court affirmed the District Court’s
finding that Tey had breached the policies of NUS and that he had abused his
position as a lecturer when he exploited the Student (see _Tey Tsun Hang v
Public Prosecutor_ [2014] 2 SLR 1189 at [225] and [320]).

10 On 3 June 2014, Tey filed the present leave application to commence
judicial review proceedings against the decisions made by NUS to suspend, and
then terminate, him (“the Impugned Decisions”).

The recusal applications

11 During a pre-trial conference on 25 June 2014, Mr Ravi s/o Madasamy,
counsel for Tey, stated:

“My client has indicated that he would like to be present in court. My client
has also asked that Justice Woo who heard the appeal, Justice Loh who heard
the criminal motion, and JC Tan Siong Thye who heard the State Courts trial,
should not hear the OS.”

12 During the next pre-trial conference on 30 July 2014, when the assistant
registrar informed parties that the matter would be fixed before me, Mr Ravi
stated that Tey had an objection to my hearing the matter. The relevant
portions of the transcript read as follows:[note: 6]

[Mr Ravi]: |  Our client had an objection to the matter being fixed before 3 of the Judges, one of whom is Justice Loh.  
---|---  
Ct: |  This is fixed in accordance with the usual processes of the Registry.  
[Mr Ravi]: |  Very well.  
  
  

13 As such, the case remained fixed before me. On 31 October 2014, barely a
week before the hearing, Tey sent an email to the Chief Justice and the
Attorney-General (“AG”) contending that I should not hear this matter. The
relevant portions of his email read as follows:

1\. I earlier instructed my solicitor, Mr M Ravi, to inform the Supreme Court
Registry that my judicial review leave applications (OS 511/2014, OS 512/2014)
should not be heard by the Honourable Quentin Loh J …

2\. One of the applications involves the National University of Singapore (OS
511/2014), which is party to a criminal motion (CM 83/2012) for which the
Honourable Quentin Loh J previously ruled against my application.

3\. It should be highlighted that concurrent with CM 83/2012, the Honourable
Quentin Loh J heard three other criminal motions [against the Public
Prosecutor (CM 84/2012, CM 86/2012), against the Alexandra Hospital (CM
87/2012)] on 24 September 2012 …

4\. For all four criminal motions (CM 83/2012, CM 84/2012, CM 86/2012, CM
87/2012), the Honourable Quentin Loh J failed to produce any official written
judgment.

5\. It can only be expected that such an omission and absence of an official
written judgment deprived the Court of Appeal of a proper consideration of the
important issues in the consequent criminal reference (CM 89/2012) – all of
which were critical to, and had direct impact on, the criminal prosecution
against me then.

…

10\. Despite my solicitor’s specific request, the Supreme Court Registry fixed
both judicial review applications for hearing before the Honourable Quentin
Loh J on 3 and 5 November 2014 …

11\. I register my dissatisfaction with the administration of justice in this
regard.

12\. I expect more from the administration of justice in Singapore, and its
capacity to do so.

13\. As a litigant, I expect – as all litigants would – that justice as
regards these originating summons will be, and will be seen to be,
administered consistently by the Supreme Court of Singapore, guided by
fundamental principles of due process and natural justice. Preside with
fairness, there is legitimacy; preside with conscience, there is confidence;
preside with dignity, there is reputation; preside with compassion, there is
respect.

14 When parties appeared before me on 3 November 2014 and started with their
substantive submissions, I stopped counsel and asked Mr Ravi if his client was
still pursuing the recusal application. Mr Ravi did not seem certain and said
that he thought that, since the matter had been fixed before me, the objection
had been dismissed. I asked Mr Ravi if he was sure of this position as Tey had
sent an email dated 31 October 2014 to the Chief Justice and the AG. Mr Ravi
was taken aback upon being informed of Tey’s email and was apparently not
aware of the email. I showed Mr Ravi a print out of the email. After reading
the email, Mr Ravi then stated that Tey was still pursuing the recusal
application. When I asked for the grounds of his application, Mr Ravi replied
that I had not given grounds for the criminal motions and related matters,
essentially deferring to whatever Tey had raised in the email. I then showed
Mr Ravi a copy of my signed and dated Brief Oral Judgment, which was a
27-paragraph, 9-page document stating the reasons for my decision. Mr Ravi had
nothing more to say.

15 Mr Bull SC, needless to say, strongly objected as he was hitherto unaware
of Tey’s email, let alone its contents and the grounds for the recusal
application. He objected on the ground that no proper application supported by
an affidavit had been filed.

16 It is not always the case that written judgments are necessary (see _Thong
Ah Fat v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 1 SLR 676 (“ _Thong Ah Fat_ ”) at [31]).
What is important is that the judge must give reasons for his decision. These
reasons can be communicated either orally or in writing (see _Thong Ah Fat_ at
[24]). As such, a judge’s decision not to issue a written judgment, without
more, should not be a valid reason for complaint. _A fortiori_ , it should not
constitute grounds for his recusal in subsequent proceedings. Having said
that, I accept that a judge’s decision not to issue a written judgment could
constitute grounds for recusal where he or she provided no reasons at all and
there was proof that his or her reticence was indicative of apparent bias (see
_Ten Leu Jiun Jeanne-Marie v The National University of Singapore_ [2014] SGHC
247 (“ _Ten_ ”) at [26], citing _Manjit Singh s/o Kirpal Singh and another v
Attorney-General_ [2013] 2 SLR 1108 at [34]). However, this is inapplicable as
I did give reasons for my decision on 25 September 2012.

17 Tey’s grounds for my recusal were untrue. He must have forgotten what
transpired in the criminal proceedings he had brought before the court in
September 2012. Those proceedings related to, amongst other things, Tey’s
attempt to obtain certain documents from Alexandra Hospital and NUS, the
framing of the charges against him, as well as his request for more time to
prepare for his trial. Prior to the hearing of those proceedings, NUS made
some of the requested documents available.

18 When I gave my decisions on the criminal motions on 25 September 2012, I
_read_ out my brief grounds in open court. As noted above, they were set out
in a 27-paragraph, 9-page document which was dated and signed by me. I
expressly told counsel that they could obtain copies of my brief grounds in
written form from my private secretary after the court rose. Those copies bore
the date and my signature.

19 Ms Gerui Lim, who is assisting Mr Bull SC in these proceedings, was present
in court at the hearing of the criminal motions on 25 September 2012. She
recalled seeing a written document containing my grounds at the conclusion of
the criminal motions.

20 As far as I am aware, no one took issue with my decisions or my grounds.
Although I dismissed the criminal motions in relation to Tey’s request for
documents from NUS as Tey did not satisfy the tests at Common Law for
discovery against a third party, I stated that this did not preclude the
making of an application before the trial judge under s 235 of the Criminal
Procedure Code 2010 (Act 15 of 2010) which was applicable then. I also ruled
in Tey’s favour by stating to counsel for Alexandra Hospital that it had no
valid reason to withhold Tey’s hospital records from him. Counsel for
Alexandra Hospital accepted that position and stated in open court that the
records would be made available to Tey. I similarly made comments on the
framing of some of the charges mounted against Tey and the Deputy Public
Prosecutor told the court that the Attorney-General’s Chambers would re-
consider the charges in light of my observations.[note: 7] Finally, Tey
complained that trial dates had been fixed with undue haste as it had been
fixed for hearing from 15 October 2012 to 25 October 2012 when he was only
charged on 27 July 2012.[note: 8] I acceded to his request and ordered that
the trial was not take place any time before mid-December 2012.[note: 9]

21 It is indeed sad that someone with Tey’s legal background should put
forward grounds for a judge’s recusal which have no factual truth or legal
basis. The least he could have done was to check his facts and the law before
making these grave allegations. Many judges give oral reasons in open court.
There is no legal requirement that official (whatever that might mean) written
judgments be issued for all decisions made by the courts. In any case, Tey
should also have known that everything that was said by me in open court was
recorded. He could have applied for a transcript of the recording. That
recording would also have captured my brief grounds when I read them out in
court. My brief grounds in writing, which I must emphasise was signed and
dated and made available to all counsel, remains on the court records. Even if
Tey had not obtained a copy from his counsel in the criminal motions at that
time, or had misplaced it and did not want to incur the costs of obtaining a
transcript, he could still have applied for a copy of my brief grounds in
writing at a later time at no great cost.

22 Further, it does Tey no credit when he does not inform his counsel of his
sending an email to the Chief Justice and the AG. To do so cuts the very
ground from under his counsel’s feet. Such behaviour on the part of the client
is, needless to say, inimical to counsel’s ability to effectively put forward
his client’s best case.

23 It was apparently not Tey’s case that he was unhappy or that he disagreed
with my reasons, but simply that he did not obtain any “official written
judgment”. Besides not taking out a proper application for my recusal, I found
that Tey’s objection to my hearing this OS, made through statements from the
Bar and an email to the Chief Justice and the AG, had no factual or legal
basis whatsoever.

Further authorities and evidence

24 After I dismissed Tey’s objection to my hearing this OS, Mr Ravi proceeded
to inform the court that he was tendering 64 “supplemental authorities”. He
handed these authorities to the court. Opposing counsel were only handed their
bundles just before the hearing commenced.

25 At the hearing, Mr Ravi’s arguments generally followed what was stated in
his written submissions dated 20 October 2014. He did not make any reference
to the newly tendered supplemental authorities. However, he tendered a copy of
an article from the Today Newspaper dated 28 February 2014. The article cited
a portion of a statement made by NUS and this was what Mr Ravi seemed to rely
on it for. The relevant portion reads as follows:

NUS said in a statement that they were aware of the decision made this morning
(Feb 28), but they would still have to undertake some consideration before
reinstating him.

“Mr Tey may choose to petition for reinstatement at NUS, but he would remain
liable for any acts contrary to the NUS Staff Code of Conduct,” the statement
read.

“In the event that he does seek to return to NUS, the University would first
appoint its own Committee of Inquiry to determine whether Mr Tey is guilty of
any misconduct and, if so, what sanctions are warranted.”

26 Mr Bull SC objected to Mr Ravi’s reliance on the article as it was not
placed before the court until written submissions were tendered. He also
pointed out that, as at the time of the alleged press statement, Tey was no
longer an employee of NUS, and it was up to NUS to decide how it chose to hold
interviews with prospective employees.[note: 10]

27 Indeed, Mr Ravi’s reliance on the newspaper article was, to say the least,
highly unorthodox. First, if Tey intended to rely on the newspaper article,
handing a copy of the same to the court at the hearing was an inappropriate
means of admitting the same as evidence. Secondly, if it were NUS’ press
statement Mr Ravi was seeking to rely on, it would have been appropriate for
him to have admitted that statement in full through an affidavit.
Nevertheless, given that the relevant portions of NUS’ statement were not
disputed, and that this was at a rather preliminary stage of proceedings, I
decided to proceed on the assumption that NUS’ statement was indeed made, and
that it was accurately depicted in the newspaper article, taking into
consideration Mr Bull SC’s concerns.

28 Most importantly, I questioned Mr Ravi if Tey wrote back to, or telephoned
anybody from, NUS to ask for reinstatement. Mr Ravi replied that Tey did
not.[note: 11] At the end of the hearing, due to the additional authorities
tendered by Mr Ravi, I allowed parties two weeks to respond with further
submissions on these additional 64 authorities if they saw fit to do so, _ie_
, by 17 November 2014.

Tey’s change in position

29 On 4 November 2014, one day after the oral hearing, the court received a
fax from Mr Ravi’s firm. The relevant portion reads as follows:

4\. Mr. Ravi inadvertently stated to the Learned Judge that Mr. Tey did not
inform the University of his intention to return as a tenured Law Professor.

5\. Our Mr. Ravi having obtained further instructions from his client on this
matter wish to stand corrected that Mr. Tey had indeed informed by way of a
teleconversation to the Dean of the NUS Law Faculty Professor Simon A.
Chesterman immediately after the press release by NUS on 28 February 2014
which was referred to at the abovementioned hearing of his intention to return
to the University as a tenured Law Professor.

6\. Mr. Tey recalls that he made a few telephone calls to his Law Dean in the
week of 3 March 2014. Our client says there is no reason why Professor Simon
Chesterman would want to deny this.

30 Nothing about Tey’s telephone calls to Professor Simon Chesterman, or any
member of NUS for that matter, was contained in Tey’s affidavit. In fact, Tey
did not even refer to the NUS press statement in his affidavit.
Understandably, counsel for NUS wrote to the court on 5 November 2014
objecting to the allegations contained in the fax, stating that it was highly
improper for Tey to utilise solicitors’ correspondence to raise new factual
allegations to the court as if they were evidence adduced before the court.

Further submissions

31 On 17 November 2014, counsel for NUS and the AG each filed their further
submissions. Tey, however, took it upon himself to send his further
submissions to my personal email. The email was copied to Mr David Chong SC,
who represented the AG, Mr Bull SC and Mr Ravi.

32 Tey’s further submissions were not filed on e-Litigation. The Supreme Court
Registry wrote to Mr Ravi on 28 November 2014 to highlight the matter and
inform him that such submissions are unacceptable. Mr Ravi was given till 5
December 2014 to file the further submissions on e-Litigation. On 4 December
2014, Mr Ravi’s firm sent a fax to the court simply stating that it would not
be filing Tey’s further submissions on e-Litigation.

My Decision

33 Having considered the arguments and circumstances of this case, I dismiss
the application for leave for two main reasons. There is additionally an issue
of delay.

Leave

34 The Court of Appeal held in _Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew v Attorney-General_
[2014] 1 SLR 345 at [5] that for leave to be granted, generally, three
requirements must be met. First, the subject matter of the complaint must be
susceptible to judicial review. Secondly, the material before the court must
disclose an arguable case, or a _prima facie_ case, of reasonable suspicion in
favour of granting the remedies sought by the applicant. Thirdly, the
applicant must have sufficient interest in the matter.

35 Tey’s application for leave in this case fails because, first, the matter
is not susceptible to judicial review, as NUS’ power to suspend or dismiss Tey
stemmed from the employment agreement. Secondly, even if the matter were
susceptible to judicial review, Tey had not exhausted all available remedies
before seeking recourse from the court. A person seeking judicial review
should normally exhaust all alternative remedies before invoking the
jurisdiction of the court (see _Comptroller of Income Tax v ACC_ [2010] 2 SLR
1189 at [13], citing _Borissik Svetlana v Urban Redevelopment Authority_
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 92 at [25]).

Susceptibility to judicial review

36 As held in _UDL Marine (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_ [2011] 3 SLR
94 (“ _UDL Marine_ ”) at [50], to determine if a decision is susceptible to
judicial review, two questions have to be considered. First, is the source of
the decision maker’s power in making the decision statute or subsidiary
legislation? Secondly, did the decision maker’s decision involve an exercise
of public law functions? If either question is answered positively, the
decision may be susceptible to judicial review.

37 In this case, the Impugned Decisions are the decisions in question. The
maker of these decisions was NUS. Tey relied heavily on the “judicial
pronouncements in the High Court that NUS is a public body”,[note: 12] and
seemed to rely on this to establish the susceptibility of the Impugned
Decisions to judicial review. Those “pronouncements”, to be clear, were made
in the context of the definition of a “public body” under s 2 of the PCA. More
importantly, simply establishing that NUS is a public body in one particular
context does not make all its decisions susceptible to judicial review. The
two questions relating to susceptibility have to be approached with specific
regard to the Impugned Decisions and not by simply considering whether those
decisions were made by a public body.

38 In _Public Service Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 133 (“
_Linda Lai_ ”), the Court of Appeal dealt with an application for leave by Ms
Lai, a senior officer at the Land Office, Ministry of Law, to commence
judicial review proceedings against, amongst other parties, the Public Service
Commission (“PSC”), in relation to the termination of her employment. Leave
was allowed by the High Court and the PSC appealed to the Court of Appeal. The
Court of Appeal allowed the appeal, holding that leave should not have been
granted. Even though the court found that there was a contract of employment
between Ms Lai and the Government of Singapore, this did not mean the matter
was susceptible to judicial review.

39 In fact, the court found that the relationship between the Government and
Ms Lai “was one of employer and employee”, and that Ms Lai’s employment was
“not underpinned by any statute or any subsidiary legislation under a statute”
(_Linda Lai_ at [40]). Furthermore, the court noted that “when statutory
bodies make certain decisions, it does not invariably follow that the
statutory bodies are exercising a statutory power” (_Linda Lai_ at [44]).

40 Similarly, the relationship between NUS and Tey was purely contractual. As
noted in Sir Michael Supperstone _et al_ , _Judicial Review_ (LexisNexis, 4th
Ed, 2010) at para 5.4.1:

5.4.1 Generally, a decision affecting the employment of a public employee will
not, without more, be amenable to judicial review, even though the power to
employ and dismiss may be conferred by statute or by prerogative. Thus, for
example, civil servants, teachers and other local government employees are not
usually entitled to challenge disciplinary action and dismissal by judicial
review. There are two underlying reasons for this: the private, contractual
character of the decisions and the availability of the remedy of unfair
dismissal to a wide range of employees and officials…

I agree.

41 Tey attempted to distinguish the case of _Linda Lai_ on the ground that Ms
Lai was “not a confirmed public officer” whereas he was a tenured employee of
NUS.[note: 13] He argued that a tenured professor was similar to a confirmed
public servant. However, he did not elaborate on this. Neither was it apparent
from the judgment that the Court of Appeal took Ms Lai’s probationary status
into account when determining if the matter was susceptible to judicial
review.

42 On the contrary, the Court of Appeal in _Linda Lai_ cited the case of
_Regina v East Berkshire Health Authority, ex parte Walsh_ [1985] QB 152 (“
_Walsh_ ”), which involved a dismissal of a nursing officer. It commented on
the case as follows (_Linda Lai_ at [31]):

… The [English] Court of Appeal held that there was no “public law” element
involved in the complaints of the applicant, which gave rise to administrative
law remedies. Whether a dismissal from employment by a public authority was
subject to public law remedies depended on whether there were special
statutory restrictions, which underpinned the employee’s position, and not on
the fact of employment by a public authority _per se_ or the _employee’s
seniority_ or the interest of the public in the functioning of the authority.
…

[emphasis added]

Although the Court of Appeal in _Linda Lai_ did not expressly endorse selected
portions of _Walsh_ , the proposition that an employee’s seniority should not
matter when determining the nature or the source of the power that the
employer chooses to exercise is eminently sensible. As such, even if this were
not a holding by the Court of Appeal by which I am bound, I find it is good
law, and applicable to this case.

43 Tey also cited the decision of _Yeap Wai Kong v Singapore Exchange
Securities Trading Ltd_ [2012] 3 SLR 565 (“ _Yeap Wai Kong_ ”) for the
proposition that “a public body has the basic duty to carry out and adhere to
the fundamental tenets of due process before dishing out a sanction against a
corporate director”.[note: 14] In _Yeap Wai Kong_ , the applicant, a director
of a listed company, sought leave to quash the decision of the Singapore
Exchange Securities Trading Ltd (“SGX-ST”) to reprimand him. Although leave
was denied, the High Court found the matter was susceptible to judicial review
as, in light of the “the legislative and regulatory matrix of the Singapore
securities market, the statutory underpinning of the reprimand power and the
nature of the reprimand function”, SGX-ST’s reprimand power would properly be
characterised as a public function (_Yeap Wai Kong_ at [28]). That case can be
distinguished as SGX-ST’s power to reprimand was contained in Rule 720 of SGX-
ST’s Listing Manual, which had been enacted and approved by the Monetary
Authority of Singapore in accordance with s 23 of the Securities and Futures
Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev Ed) (_Yeap Wai Kong_ at [24]). In this case, NUS’ power
simply came from the Employment Agreement, a private contract between NUS and
Tey.

44 I now return to the two questions from _UDL Marine_ and answer them in the
context of this case. First, the source of NUS’ power, in making the Impugned
Decisions, was the Employment Agreement. Secondly, NUS’ decisions to suspend
and terminate Tey, like the decisions in _Linda Lai_ , were purely contractual
in nature, as between employer and employee. They did not involve an exercise
of any public law function.

45 Although my finding on this point is sufficient to dispose of this matter,
I go on to consider the impact of Tey’s failure to exhaust his remedies with
NUS in the event this is taken up elsewhere.

Exhaustion of alternative remedies

46 As at the oral hearing, Tey’s case, as conveyed by Mr Ravi, was that he had
not communicated to NUS his desire to seek reinstatement since the time of his
termination (see above at [28]). In this regard, even if the Impugned
Decisions were susceptible to judicial review, I would be hard pressed to
grant Tey leave given his failure to even consider, let alone pursue, his
alternative remedies. Putting to one side my serious reservations with taking
into consideration the press statement handed to me by Mr Ravi, based on the
portions of the press statement relied on by him, it seemed that NUS was, at
the very least, willing to consider the prospect of reinstating Tey. Assuming
Tey genuinely desired to be reinstated by NUS, it was odd that he failed to
seize the opportunity when it presented itself on 28 February 2014. Odder
still was his choice to wait for more than three months before commencing
judicial review proceedings against the very employer he was hoping to work
for.

47 On Tey’s new case, (again, putting to one side my grave reservations, which
I have voiced above), he had in fact communicated to Professor Simon
Chesterman his desire to be reinstated by way of a “teleconversation”
immediately after the press release on 28 February 2014 (see above at [29]).
This “fact”, however, was merely alleged in a fax by Mr Ravi’s firm to the
court. As pointed out by Mr Bull SC, it was not contained in any affidavit.
Furthermore, not only was this “fact” not properly placed before the court and
substantiated by any affidavit, it represented a crucial departure from Tey’s
original case and seemed to have been an afterthought. If Tey wanted this
alleged “teleconversation” to be part of his evidence, he should have sought
leave to adduce a further affidavit. NUS would then have had an opportunity to
reply. Instead, Tey chose not to do so.

48 For these reasons, I am not prepared to accept, as a fact, that Tey had
indeed communicated to NUS his desire to be reinstated. Even if he had
communicated with NUS, given the dearth of evidence, it is unclear what the
contents of that communication were. Furthermore, if he had felt that NUS had
breached the Employment Agreement, he could have commenced an action in breach
of contract. This he did not do. As such, I am unable to conclude that he had
exhausted his alternative remedies before coming to this court seeking
judicial review.

Delay

49 Another problem with Tey’s case involved his delay in filing this OS. Two
of his prayers in the OS dealt with quashing the Impugned Decisions. To be
clear, these were decisions made in July 2012 and May 2013. Even with May 2013
as a starting point, Tey’s application (filed on 3 June 2014) was brought far
beyond the three month period stipulated in O 53 r 1(6) of the Rules of Court.
No application was made for an extension of time before the oral hearing on 3
November 2014 and no reasons were given for the delay. In fact, Mr Ravi did
not even address the issue of delay until Mr Bull SC raised it.[note: 15]

50 Mr Ravi’s response to the delay was that time should be taken to run as at
28 February 2014. As pointed out by Mr Bull SC, even with this starting point,
Tey had filed his application (on 3 June 2014) a few days out of time. The
more important point though was that there was no principled reason for taking
28 February 2014 as the starting date. If Tey was affronted by the Impugned
Decisions, the right time to seek a remedy would have been right after the
decisions were made.

51 The only attempt at an explanation for the delay served to confuse rather
than clarify. Mr Ravi focused on NUS’ termination letter (see above at [8])
and argued that the sole basis for Tey’s termination was his conviction.
However, two points bear mention. First, the letter also cited cll 5.2(b) and
(c) of the Employment Agreement, which dealt with termination on the grounds
of misconduct and failure to perform duties respectively. Both of these
grounds still seemed to have been met in light of Tey’s admissions that were
not appealed against nor disturbed by the High Court (see above at [9]).
Secondly, even if Tey was awaiting the verdict of the High Court, and hence
chose not to institute proceedings until then, he was still out of time by a
few days, having only filed his application on 3 June 2014. Not only was no
application for an extension of time filed, the delay was not explained until
it was raised by Mr Bull SC at which point Mr Ravi stated that his failure to
deal with the matter was due to “an oversight”.[note: 16]

52 Nevertheless, as I have dealt with this case primarily on the ground of
susceptibility to judicial review, I need not make any finding as to whether
Tey’s applications in regard to the quashing orders were brought out of time.
My purpose in bringing up this issue of delay was to highlight Tey’s
unsatisfactory conduct throughout these proceedings. When I refer to his
conduct, I refer not only to his delay in bringing these proceedings, but his
failure to apply for an extension of time, his failure to exhaust his
alternative remedies before coming to the court, his “recusal application” by
way of email to the Chief Justice and the AG, his decision to tender 64
“supplemental authorities” at the eleventh hour – most of which bore scant
resemblance to the facts of this case and provided little guidance – and his
failure to file his further submissions in the manner required under the Rules
of Court, choosing instead to send them by way of email to the judge. From
start to finish, Tey conducted his case in a cavalier manner and unjustifiably
expended much of the court’s time and resources.

Conclusion

53 For the reasons set out above, I refuse Tey leave under O 53 of the Rules
of Court to bring judicial review proceedings against NUS.

54 I will hear the party on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Yau Seok Yen dated 2 July 2014 at pp 10–14.

[note: 2]Affidavit of Tey Tsun Hang dated 3 June 2014 at p 8.

[note: 3]Affidavit of Yau Seok Yen dated 2 July 2014 at p 6.

[note: 4]NUS’ submissions dated 20 October 2014 at para 12.

[note: 5]Affidavit of Tey Tsun Hang dated 3 June 2014 at p 11.

[note: 6]Minute Sheet (Pre-Trial Conference) dated 30 July 2014.

[note: 7]Grounds of Decision (Crime) dated 25 September 2012 at paras 23–24.

[note: 8]Tey’s Affidavit dated 17 September 2012 at para 12. Specifically, the
initial trial dates were 15–19 and 22–25 October 2012.

[note: 9]Grounds of Decision (Crime) dated 25 September 2012 at para 27.

[note: 10]Minute Sheet dated 3 November 2014 at p 6.

[note: 11]Minute Sheet dated 3 November 2014 at p 3.

[note: 12]Tey’s Written Submissions dated 20 October 2014 at paras 1(a), 14
and 16–18.

[note: 13]Tey’s Written Submissions dated 20 October 2014 at para 102–110.

[note: 14]Tey’s Written Submissions dated 20 October 2014 at para 60.

[note: 15]Minute Sheet dated 3 November 2014 at p 8.

[note: 16]Minute Sheet dated 3 November 2014 at p 11.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

