Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Hoy Fatt Pte Ltd _v_ Riway (Singapore) Pte Ltd & another  
[2015] SGHC 6

Case Number| :| Suit No 608 of 2013 (Consolidated with Suit No 102 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 January 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Nandakumar Renganathan and Denise Teo (RHT Taylor Wessing
LLP) for the plaintiff in Suit 608 of 2013 and the defendant in Suit 102 of
2014; Audrey Chiang, Loh Kia Meng and Patrick Wong (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for
the defendants in Suit 608 of 2013 and the plaintiff in Suit 102 of 2014.  
Parties| :|  Hoy Fatt Pte Ltd — Riway (Singapore) Pte Ltd & another  
  
20 January 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Hoy Fatt Pte Ltd (“Hoy Fatt”) is a company that is in the business of real
estate development. It is the registered proprietor of the property at 12 Hoy
Fatt Road, Singapore 159506 (“the Property”), which is a six-storey Housing &
Development Board (“HDB”) light industrial factory building. The Property is
on a 99 year lease which commenced on 1 January 1958.

2 On 18 April 2013, Hoy Fatt granted Riway International Group Pte Ltd (“Riway
International”) an Option to Purchase (“the Option”) for the Property in
consideration of $2.7m plus GST (amounting to $2,889,000) (“option fee”). The
purchase price of the Property is $27m plus GST. The Option states that it
‘remains open for acceptance until 4 pm on the 2 May 2013 (“the Option Expiry
Date”)’ and is to be exercised by way paying the option fee to Hoy Fatt’s
previous solicitors, Drew & Napier LLC (“Drew”).

3 Clauses 7(1) and (2) of the Option also state that the sale and purchase of
the Property is subject to HDB’s approval. For ease of reference, I set out
cll 7(1) and 7(2) in full:

7(1) The sale and purchase of the Property is subject to the approval of HDB
and to such terms and conditions as may be imposed by HDB, on the Purchaser,
in granting its approval and to the approval of any other relevant government
authorities.

(2) Notwithstanding [clause] 7.1 aforesaid and for avoidance of doubt, the
sale and purchase herein contemplated is subject to the approval of the HDB to
the sale and purchase of the Property herein only as well as the change of use
to use the premises for purposes of showroom, storage, re-packing and
ancillary office only. The Purchase warrants that the usage will be in
compliance with the URA guidance of 60%/40% and in breach of the warranty, the
Vendor shall be entitled to forfeit the monies paid hereunder and thereafter
neither party shall have a claim against the other.

4 Clause 7(4) goes on to provide that HDB’s approval must be obtained within
ten weeks from the date of the Option, _ie_ , 27 June 2013 (“the approval
date”). The relevant portion of Clause 7(4) reads:

In the event HDB’s approval to the sale and purchase herein and to the change
of use, is not obtained by the expiry of ten (10) weeks from the date of this
Option or approval is refused by HDB prior thereto …

5 The parties accept that approval from the National Environment Agency
(“NEA”) is required before HDB gives its approval.

6 Clause 7(3) of the Option states the obligations of both the vendor and the
purchaser in ensuring that HDB approval is obtained:

(a) The buyer is to first fill up the relevant application forms and submit
them to the vendor within seven calendar days from the issuance of the Option,
_ie_ , 25 April 2013 (“the submission deadline”);

(b) Thereafter, the vendor is to complete the sections in those forms relating
to the vendor and return them to the purchaser or its solicitors within ten
days of its receipt of the forms from the seller, _ie_ , 5 May 2013; and

(c) The purchaser is then required to submit the forms to HDB within 1 week of
receipt and make the necessary payments to HDB and/or any other relevant
authority, _ie_ , 12 May 2013.

Clause 7(3) also provides the following in the event the purchaser fails to
discharge its obligations:

(a) First, the vendor has the right to (1) rescind the sale and purchase and
(2) forfeit all deposit paid to it or its solicitors;

(b) Second, the purchaser shall also withdraw all caveats lodged at the
Singapore Land Registry in respect of the Property; and

(c) Third, neither the purchaser nor the vendor shall have any claim against
each other.

Clause 7(3) reads:

(3) The Purchaser shall, forthwith upon the issuance of this Option and no
later than 7 calendar days, fill up all necessary forms and do all acts to
apply to HDB (in accordance with all regulations, guidelines and procedures
which may be prescribed by HDB and with all such particulars and documents
which may be required by HDB) for approval to purchase and submit all
application forms to the Vendor or the Vendor’s solicitors. Thereafter, the
Vendor shall, within ten (10) days upon receipt from the Purchaser the
necessary forms complete all relevant sections of the forms relating to the
Vendor and return the forms to the Purchaser’s or its solicitors for their
necessary submission to HDB within 1 week from date of receipt of the forms
from the Vendor and make all requisite payments to HDB and/or any other
relevant authority. If the Purchaser shall fail and/or neglect, for any reason
whatsoever, to provide the completed forms to the Vendor within the said 7
calendar days or submit the application to HDB for approval to purchase the
Property within the said 1 week, the Vendor shall be entitled (but not
obliged) to rescind the sale and purchase herein by given written notice of
its intention to rescind whereupon the sale shall be cancelled and the Vendor
shall forfeit all monies paid to them or their solicitors.

7 On 23 April 2013, Rodyk & Davidson LLP (“Rodyk”), the solicitors acting for
Riway International and Riway Singapore, e-mailed Drew to request that the
submission deadline be extended from 25 April 2014 to 2 May 2013. On the same
day, Drew e-mailed back to say that Hoy Fatt was only willing to extend the
submission deadline to 29 April 2013 (“new submission deadline”). Drew’s
e-email stated that save for this extension, the rest of the terms of the
Option remained unchanged:

We are pleased to inform that our clients have agreed to extend the submission
of the application form under Clause 7(3) to 29 April 13.

Save for the said extension of time to 29 April 13, the rest of the terms in
the granted option dated 18 April 13 remains unchanged.

…

8 On 30 April 2013, Rodyk informed Drew that Riway International wanted to
exercise the Option through Riway Singapore to enjoy tax benefits. Drew
replied on 2 May 2013 to confirm that Hoy Fatt agrees with this arrangement,
and will let Riway Singapore exercise the Option instead.

9 Riway Singapore exercised the Option on the Option Expiry Date before 4pm,
and Rodyk delivered to Drew a Letter of Nomination, Authorisation and
Indemnity (“Letter of Indemnity”) from Riway International in favour of Hoy
Fatt. Paragraph 2(d)(ii) of the Letter of Indemnity states:

In consideration of [Hoy Fatt] agreeing to [Riway International] nominating
Riway (Singapore) Pte Ltd (ACRA No: 200810529C) to exercise the Option, [Riway
International] hereby irrevocably agrees and undertakes to indemnify and hold
harmless and keep [Hoy Fatt] indemnified from and against any claims or losses
arising from or in connection with Riway (Singapore) Pte Ltd[’s] breach of its
obligations under the Option.

10 However, on 28 June 2013, Rodyk wrote to Drew to say that Riway Singapore
intended to rescind the Option and asked for a refund of the option fee and
deposit paid. Rodyk said that the approval from HDB was not obtained on time
by 27 June 2013. In this regard, Rodyk relied on cl 7(4)(c) of the Option (see
below: [13]).

11 On 3 July 2013, Drew replied to say that Riway Singapore had no right to
rescind the Option. Hoy Fatt then sued both Riway Singapore and Riway
International on 11 July 2013 in Suit 608 of 2013 (“S608/2013”). Hoy Fatt
retained RHT Taylor Wessing LLP (“RHT”) to act for it in S608/2013. Hoy Fatt
says that rescission is wrongful, and claims the following relief:

(a) Specific performance of the Option by Riway Singapore to complete the sale
and purchase of the Property;

(b) Further and/or in the alternative, damages for Riway Singapore’s breach of
the Option;

(c) Further and/or in the alternative, a declaration that Hoy Fatt is entitled
to retain for its own benefit the option fee and the deposit, and that Riway
Singapore is to withdraw or procure the withdrawal of all caveats lodged at
the Singapore Land Registry by Riway Singapore against the Property; and

(d) A declaration that Riway International is to indemnify Hoy Fatt against
any and all claims or losses arising from or in connection with Riway
Singapore’s breach of the Option.

During oral closing submissions, Mr Nandakumar, counsel for Hoy Fatt,
confirmed that Hoy Fatt no longer seeks damages.

12 Riway Singapore in turn commenced Originating Summons No 640 of 2013 (“OS
640/2013”) on 16 July 2013 to obtain a declaration that its rescission of the
Option was valid and to compel Hoy Fatt to return to it the deposit paid. OS
640/2013 was later converted to a writ action (Suit 102 of 2014) and
consolidated with Suit 608 of 2013 on 16 January 2013 as the main issue in
both is the same, namely, whether the rescission of the Option by Riway
Singapore was valid. I heard the consolidated suits on 5 to 7 August 2014.

13 Clause 7(4) of the Option is central to the dispute on whether the
rescission of the Option by Riway Singapore is valid. Clause 7(4) provides the
rights of both Hoy Fatt and Riway Singapore in the event HDB’s approval for
the sale and purchase is not obtained, or if it is obtained late, _ie_ , not
within ten weeks from the date of the Option, which is 27 June 2013. In brief:

(a) Clause 7(4)(a) states that Riway Singapore (as purchaser) can (1) rescind
the Option; (2) enforce the right to specific performance for the sale and
purchase of the Property; and (3) treat the sale and purchase as repudiated by
Hoy Fatt if the failure to obtain HDB approval on time is _solely_
attributable to Hoy Fatt’s fault in not completing and returning the requisite
forms/documents required by HDB and/or any relevant authority within the time
stipulated in the Option, or in the absence of such stipulation, within a
reasonable time;

(b) Clause 7(4)(b) states that Hoy Fatt (as vendor) can (1) rescind the
Option; (2) proceed with the sale and purchase of the Property; and (3) treat
the sale and purchase as repudiated by Riway Singapore and sue for damages if
the failure to obtain HDB approval on time is _solely_ attributable to Riway
Singapore’s fault in not completing and returning the requisite
forms/documents required by HDB and/or any relevant authority within the time
stipulated in the Option, or in the absence of such stipulation, within a
reasonable time; and

(c) Clause 7(4)(c) states that if the inability to obtain HDB’s approval is
not due to either Hoy Fatt or Riway Singapore’s fault, then either of them may
rescind the contract.

Clause 7(4) reads:

(4) In the event HDB’s approval to the sale and purchase herein and to the
change of use, is not obtained by the expiry of ten (10) weeks from the date
of this Option or approval is refused by HDB prior thereto, then:

(a) If the inability to obtain HDB’s approval is solely attributable to the
Vendor’s default in not completing and returning the requisite forms/
documents required by HDB and/or any relevant authority within the time herein
stipulated within reasonable time, the Purchaser may elect to (i) rescind this
agreement by giving written notice of its intention to rescind to the Vendor
and to require the Vendor to refund to the Purchaser all monies paid hereunder
after the Purchaser has withdrawn or procured to be withdrawn all caveats
lodged at the Singapore Land Registry against the Property by the Purchaser or
any person claiming under the Purchaser and the sale and purchase shall be
treated as cancelled and no further effect whatsoever and neither party shall
have any claim or demand against the other for damages costs compensation or
otherwise or (ii) enforce the right to specific performance by the Vendor of
the contract for the sale and purchase of the Property, including requiring
the Vendor to complete and return the requisite forms/documents required by
HDB and/or any relevant authority or (iii) treat the sale and purchase as
repudiated by the Vendor and to recover damages against the Vendor for
repudiation of the contract for the sale and purchase of the Property;

(b) If the inability to obtain HDB’s approval is solely attributable to the
Purchaser’s default in not completing and submitting the forms/documents/
information required by HDB and/or any relevant authority within the time
herein stipulated or in the absence of such stipulation within reasonable
time, the Vendor may elect to (i) rescind this agreement by giving written
notice of its intention to rescind to the Purchaser whereupon the sale and
purchase herein shall be treated as cancelled and of no further effect
whatsoever and neither party shall have any claim or demand against the other
for damages, costs, compensation, or otherwise save that the Vendor shall be
entitled to retain for its own benefit the Option Fee and the Deposit and to
require the Purchaser to forthwith withdraw or procure to withdraw all caveats
lodged at the Singapore Land Registry against the Property by the Purchaser or
any person claiming under the Purchaser or (ii) proceed with the sale and
purchase and require the Purchaser to complete and return the requisite
forms/documents required by the HDB and/or any relevant authority to the
Purchaser forthwith or (iii) treat the sale and purchase as repudiated by the
Purchaser and to recover damages against the Purchaser for repudiation of the
contract for the sale and purchase of the Property;

(c) If the inability to obtain HDB’s approval is not due to the Vendor’s or
Purchaser’s default, then either party may elect to rescind this agreement by
giving to the other party written notice of its intention whereupon the sale
and purchase herein shall be treated as cancelled and all monies paid without
any interest or deduction after the Purchaser has withdrawn or procure to be
withdrawn all caveats lodged at the Singapore Land Registry against the
Property by the Purchaser or any person claiming under the Purchaser and
neither party hereto shall have any further claim or demand against the other.

14 Mr Nandakumar submits that the rescission by Riway Singapore is wrongful,
and in this regard, submits the following:

(a) First, cl 7(4)(b) applies as the inability to obtain HDB approval by 27
June 2013 was solely attributable to Riway Singapore’s and/or Riway
International’s default;

(b) Second, in any event, cl 7(4)(c) cannot apply as the failure to obtain HDB
approval by 27 June 2013 was at the very least partly attributable to Riway
International and/or Riway Singapore;

(c) Third, even if cl 7(4)(c) applies, Riway Singapore may not “arbitrarily,
capriciously or unreasonably exercise its right in rescinding the Option”; and

(d) Fourth, the Option provided sufficient time for the parties to obtain HDB
approval on time. Clause 7(4) provides for a period of ten weeks from the date
the Option for HDB approval to be obtained. Mr Nandakumar says that this is
sufficient as HDB approval was obtained in less than ten weeks on two
occasions:

(i) The Property was subject to a sale and purchase in 2007. In that
transaction, Wywy Pte Ltd issued an option to purchase dated 26 April 2007 to
Monterey Pte Ltd. HDB approval was obtained in eight weeks and one day from
the date the option was issued; and

(ii) HDB approval was obtained in six weeks and three days from the date an
option to purchase dated 27 March 2007 was issued in respect of a sale of a
property at 39 Mactaggart Road between Asia Radio Singapore Ltd and Tay Thian
Boon.

15 Mr Nandakumar also says that Riway Singapore and Riway International wanted
the sale and purchase of the property to be terminated because:

(a) First, Riway Singapore and Riway International only wanted to purchase the
Property with vacant possession; and

(b) Second, Riway Singapore had difficulties obtaining a financing loan.

16 Ms Audrey Chiang, counsel for Riway Singapore and Riway International,
argues:

(a) First, cl 7(4)(b) does not apply for the following reasons:

(i) Riway Singapore submitted the documents required by HDB (including the
approval from NEA) on 13 May 2014, on time. The latest deadline for submitting
the documents required by HDB was extended by four days to 16 May 2013 when
Hoy Fatt agreed to the new submission deadline; and

(ii) The failure to obtain HDB approval on time was not solely attributable to
Riway Singapore and/or Riway International. In fact, Ms Chiang argues that Mr
Gary Leong, the HDB officer in charge of granting approval for the sale and
purchase of the Property was responsible for at least part of the delay. It
therefore cannot be said that the failure to obtain timely HDB approval was
“solely attributable” to Riway Singapore and/or Riway International. Ms Chiang
submits that Mr Gary Leong admitted that:

(A) He had to consult the Singapore Land Authority and wait for its response
before approving the sale and purchase;

(B) He reviewed the application for the sale and purchase of the Property
using the usual procedures and time frames as he did not appreciate that the
parties had earlier agreed that HDB approval had to be obtained by 27 June
2013; and

(C) He did not review or attempt to review Riway’s financial documents sent to
him on 7 May 2013 until 22 days later on 29 May 2013;

(b) Second, cl 7(4)(c) applies as the failure to obtain the HDB approval was
not due to either her client’s or Hoy Fatt’s fault;

(c) Third, Hoy Fatt’s reliance on cl 7(4)(b) is a mere afterthought;

(d) Fourth, Hoy Fatt’s allegation that Riway Singapore and Riway International
dragged its feet to ensure that the sale and purchase of the property does not
happen is baseless; and

(e) Fifth, specific performance is not an appropriate relief as the plaintiff
can be adequately compensated with damages.

17 In my judgment, the rescission by Riway Singapore is not wrongful. Riway
Singapore e submitted the documents required by HDB (including the approval
from NEA) on 13 May 2013, on time. The latest deadline for submitting the
documents required by HDB was extended by four days to 16 May 2013 when Hoy
Fatt agreed to the new submission deadline (see above: [7]).

18 When the parties agreed to extend the submission deadline to 29 June 2013
and for ‘the rest of the terms in the granted option dated 18 April 2013 [to
remain] unchanged’, there is no natural implication that all deadlines are
similarly or proportionately extended. Any extension of any other deadlines,
including the deadline for HDB’s approval remains. The reason for extending
the submission of forms to the NEA does not mean that HDB needed an extended
time itself.

19 Thus the term that HDB’s approval must be obtained by 27 June 2013 cannot
be extended merely by implication. It is clear that the email offer by Hoy
Fatt referred only to the extension of the submission deadline and not any
other deadlines, including the deadline for HDB to grant approval. There is no
evidence to suggest that an extension of four days to submit the forms to HDB
means that the HDB will not be able to grant approval by 27 June 2013.

20 HDB’s approval not having been obtained by 27 June 2013, Riway was entitled
to rescind its agreement with Hoy Fatt. Accordingly, Hoy Fatt’s claims are
dismissed and Riway Singapore’s claim for a declaration and return of deposit
is allowed.

21 I will hear parties on costs on a later date if they are unable to agree.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

