Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Muhammad Farid bin Mohd Yusop  
[2015] SGCA 12

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 4 of 2014  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 March 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lau Wing Yum and Lim How Khang (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; Amolat Singh (Amolat & Partners) and Mervyn
Cheong Jun Ming (Eugene Thuraisingam) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Muhammad Farid bin Mohd Yusop  
  
11 March 2015|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) in _Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Farid bin Mohd Yusop_ [2014] SGHC 125
(“the Judgment”). The accused (“the Respondent”) had claimed trial to the
following charge of trafficking in methamphetamine (which we will hereinafter
refer to by its street name “Ice”) under s 5(1)(_a_) read with s 5(2) of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”):

That you, MOHAMMAD FARID BIN MOHD YUSOP,

on 10 March 2011, at about 5.30 a.m., in the vicinity of the traffic junction
of Lavender Street and Bendemeer Road, Singapore, inside vehicle SGH3547U, did
traffic in a controlled drug specified as a “Class A drug” in the First
Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), to wit,
by having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking, two packets of
crystalline substance which was analysed and found to contain _not less than
386.7 grams of methamphetamine_ , without any authorisation under the Act or
the regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under s 5(l)(a) read with s 5(2) and punishable under s 33 of the Act, and
further upon your conviction under s 5(1) of the Act, you may alternatively be
liable to be punished under s 33B of the Act.

[emphasis added]

2 After hearing the parties, the Judge accepted the defence of the Respondent
and amended the capital charge to one of possessing 249.99g of Ice for the
purpose of trafficking. He convicted the Respondent on the amended charge and
sentenced him to 23 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane.

3 The Prosecution appealed against the decision of the Judge and the appeal
came before us on 16 October 2014. After hearing the parties, we dismissed the
appeal. Before setting out the detailed grounds of our decision, we would like
to briefly highlight three general observations at the outset which merit some
attention in this appeal, and which we will elaborate upon towards the end of
this judgment.

4 The first observation pertains to the issue as to whether the court should
draw an adverse inference in situations where a party had elected not to call
a witness who might have been instrumental in his case, despite the witness
being available. In this appeal, this arose as the Respondent had chosen not
to call the person who supplied him the drugs, and the Prosecution argued that
by choosing not to do so, this cast a “real doubt” on the Respondent’s
evidence with regard to one crucial aspect of the case.

5 The second observation relates to the need for the courts to be particularly
discerning towards _manufactured_ defences and to guard against them. This
appeal concerned certain presumptions that arose and which the Respondent had
the legal burden of rebutting on a balance of probabilities. In such
situations, there is a general concern that, through carefully rehearsed
statements, an accused person might attempt to manufacture a defence
specifically tailored to rebut such legal presumptions. In this regard, we had
certain reservations as to the veracity of the Respondent’s defence mounted in
the court below, which the Judge accepted and thereby found that these
presumptions had been rebutted.

6 However, despite these reservations, we nevertheless dismissed the appeal.
This leads us to our third observation, which, although trite, bears repeating
– that it must be shown that a trial judge’s determination was _plainly wrong_
or _plainly against the weight of the evidence_ before appellate intervention
is warranted. This appeal neatly illustrated this principle – while there were
certain gaps in the Respondent’s defence, especially given the fact that there
was no objective or corroborating evidence from another party in support of
the Respondent’s defence, we were not satisfied that the Judge was _plainly
wrong_ in his findings and therefore dismissed the appeal.

7 As already mentioned, we will return to elaborate on these three
observations later, but first set out our detailed grounds for dismissing the
appeal.

Background facts

8 Following the successful conclusion of an operation led by Senior Station
Inspector Heng Chin Kok (“SSI Heng”), the Respondent, a 30-year-old male
Singaporean, was arrested by Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers at
about 5.30am in the vicinity of the traffic junction of Lavender Street and
Bendemeer Road inside vehicle SGH3547U (“the Car”). After the Respondent was
arrested, the Car was searched by Senior Station Inspector Ng Tze Chiang Tony
(“SSI Tony Ng”), and the following items were found on the front passenger’s
seat:

(a) one plastic bag which was tied up and contained a packet of crystalline
substance (“A1”); and

(b) one black and grey chequered plastic bag which was untied and contained a
packet of crystalline substance (“A2”).

9 The crystalline substance in A1 and A2 contained Ice, and the net weight of
Ice in A1 and A2 was found to be 386.7g altogether. SSI Heng then recorded a
contemporaneous statement from the Respondent who was sitting in the rear
passenger’s seat of the Car at about 6.00am.

The cautioned statement

10 On the same day at about 6.30pm, a cautioned statement was taken from the
Respondent (“the Cautioned Statement”), which reads as follows:

If I had knew that the amount of ICE that I was going to collect this morning
was 500 grams, I would not have collected the ICE. Before today, I used to
collect ICE below the weight of 250 grams. I really do not know why the ICE
amount today was 500 grams which is more than usual. The reason for me not
dealing with ICE more than 250 grams is that I knew it would be death sentence
if I am caught.

The four long statements

11 Four long statements were subsequently recorded from the Respondent. In
these statements, the Respondent related when he had started to get involved
in trafficking Ice, and his version of what had happened on the day of his
arrest.

12 According to the Respondent, he started dealing in Ice since the start of
2010\. He would receive his supplies from a Malay man known as “Bapak”, and
then weigh and re-pack the Ice into mini-packets to sell for a profit. In
early 2011, Bapak asked the Respondent to deliver Ice to various other
customers for him, and offered the Respondent $500 for each delivery job. The
Respondent took up the offer and made his first delivery for Bapak sometime in
January 2011. On that occasion, he drove his car under the overhead pedestrian
bridge at Kranji MRT station, where a Malaysian Indian man later arrived and
placed a packet of Ice into the Respondent’s car through his front passenger’s
window. They did not speak. The Respondent then drove off to deliver the
packet of Ice to Bapak’s friend. The $500, which he was promised for making
the delivery, was then duly deducted from what the Respondent owed Bapak for
the Respondent’s personal supply of Ice which he had bought from Bapak.

13 The Respondent later made two more deliveries of Ice for Bapak – one around
the end of January 2011 and the other sometime in February 2011. On both
occasions, the Respondent followed essentially the same _modus operandi_ that
was used on the first delivery as described above. The Respondent stated that
he handled 125g of Ice on his first and second deliveries, and 250g of Ice on
his third delivery. It appears that the Respondent was referring to the
_gross_ weight of the Ice (_ie_ , the total weight including impurities)
rather than the _net_ weight (_ie_ , the weight of the pure drug as determined
after scientific analysis). The Respondent himself had said that 250g was the
weight “before you analyse”.

14 The Respondent was instructed to make what would be his fourth delivery job
for Bapak on 10 March 2011. He was told, early that morning at about 4.00am,
to proceed to Kranji MRT station to collect the Ice. The Respondent complied,
and, as on previous occasions, stopped his car under the overhead pedestrian
bridge. A Malaysian Indian man approached his car and placed two plastic bags
on his front passenger’s seat, after which the Respondent drove off.

15 The Respondent stated that, while he did not open the plastic bags to check
the contents, he knew that they contained Ice. He did not know the exact
weight of the Ice but assumed that it was less than 250g. As the Respondent
was driving, he received a call from Bapak who instructed him to bring the Ice
to Woodlands for delivery to its intended recipient. Shortly after this call,
however, he found his car being “sandwiched” by the CNB officers at the
junction of Lavender Street and Bendemeer Road. This eventually led to his
arrest.

The decision below

16 In the court below, the Prosecution relied on the presumptions under ss
18(1) and 18(2) of the Act to prove that the Respondent had in his possession
the two plastic bags containing Ice (_viz_ , A1 and A2) and that he knew that
the contents therein were Ice. It was also clear that the Respondent was
trafficking in Ice since he had admitted that he was on the way to deliver the
drugs to one of Bapak’s customers. The Respondent’s defence was that he did
not intend to traffic in the _quantity_ of Ice that was in fact found on him,
_viz_ , 386.7g, but only in a lesser quantity of up to 250g. This particular
defence was crucial as any quantity beyond 250g would have attracted the death
penalty. In support of this particular defence, the Respondent claimed that he
had an agreement with Bapak not to deliver more than 250g of Ice. Given this
agreement and that there was nothing suspicious about that delivery that
should have caused the Respondent to suspect that he would be given more than
250g of Ice, the Defence submitted that the Respondent _did not know_ and that
it was not reasonable for him to expect that the weight of Ice passed to him
would be more than 250g.

17 The primary issue before the Judge was therefore whether the Respondent’s
defence (_ie_ , that he _did not know_ the weight of Ice in his possession was
more than 250g) should be accepted. The Judge approached this by considering,
first, whether there was an agreement between the Respondent and Bapak, and
secondly, whether there were any circumstances which would have caused the
Respondent to suspect that there was more than 250g of Ice in the packets.

18 The Judge made the following findings:

(a) On a balance of probabilities, there was an agreement between the
Respondent and Bapak that the Respondent would not be required to deliver more
than 250g of Ice for each delivery job. In particular, the Respondent had
satisfactorily outlined his defence in his statements. Although this was not
done in detail, the absence of elaboration was not a proper basis to draw an
adverse inference against him as there was no need for the Respondent to have
minutely detailed his defence in his statements.

(b) The Respondent could not be said to have been wilfully blind as there was
no reason for the Respondent to have suspected that he had been given more
than 250g of Ice for the fourth delivery. In particular:

(i) Although there was an increase in the weight from the first and second
delivery (125g of Ice) to the third delivery (250g of Ice), the weight of Ice
for the third delivery was still within the 250g limit. This alone was not a
persuasive reason to find that the Respondent must have then suspected that
there was an increasing trend in the weight of Ice being delivered, and that
he must have at least suspected that Bapak would have increased the weight of
Ice for the fourth delivery.

(ii) Although he had received two plastic bags of Ice, it was not reasonable
to expect the Respondent to have been able to guess the weight of the Ice
merely from the size or number of plastic bags. The difference between 386.7g
and 250g of Ice was not so significant that there would be a discernible
physical difference between the plastic bags. We would note at this juncture
that the Judge, with respect, had erred in using the net weight of the Ice
(386.7g). In such a context, the appropriate comparator is the gross weight of
the drug (which was nearly 500g), as it is impossible to determine the net
content of pure Ice through a visual inspection, although nothing really
turned on this.

19 The Judge therefore accepted the Respondent’s defence that he did not know
that the weight of Ice in his possession was more than 250g. Accordingly, he
amended the charge to one of possessing 249.99g of Ice for the purpose of
trafficking and convicted the Respondent on that amended charge instead.

Issues in this appeal

20 The Prosecution appealed against the entirety of the Judgment, raising two
broad issues on appeal:

(a) whether the Judge had erred in finding that there was an agreement between
the Respondent and Bapak that the weight of Ice for each delivery would not
exceed 250g; and

(b) whether the Judge had erred in finding that the Respondent’s conduct did
not amount to wilful blindness inasmuch as he did not know that the weight of
Ice in his possession was more than 250g.

Our decision

21 After considering the submissions of the Prosecution, we were not satisfied
that the findings of the Judge were plainly wrong or plainly against the
weight of the evidence. We first elaborate on the two issues raised in this
appeal, before returning to the three general observations alluded to at the
outset of the judgment.

The agreement with Bapak

22 The first finding of fact which was appealed against was the Judge’s
finding that there was an agreement between Bapak and the Respondent that the
weight of Ice for each delivery would not exceed 250g. What was apparent to us
was that the only evidence supporting this agreement was the Respondent’s own
evidence in both his oral testimony as well as his statements. It was
therefore pertinent to examine the consistency of the Respondent’s evidence
and the Judge’s reliance on this to ascertain whether the Judge’s findings in
this regard were plainly wrong or plainly against the weight of the evidence.

23 The Prosecution raised a number of challenges against the Respondent’s
evidence regarding this agreement, arguing that the evidence could not support
the Judge’s findings. This included the following arguments:

(a) although the Respondent might have alluded to such an agreement in the
Cautioned Statement, the agreement was not mentioned at all in his long
statements. This had to be considered against the evidence of the
investigating officer, Deputy Superintendent Tan Seow Keong (“DSP Tan”), who
had testified that he had recorded everything which the Respondent had
mentioned;

(b) the fact the Respondent had mentioned the agreement in the Cautioned
Statement but failed to mention this in his long statements demonstrated that
there was an inconsistency in his position. His credibility had to be
considered in the light of this inconsistency; and

(c) the Respondent’s credibility was put into serious doubt because he had
made several allegations for the first time during cross-examination and these
allegations were never put to the relevant Prosecution witnesses when they
took the witness stand.

The Prosecution also took issue with the fact that the Respondent had chosen
not to call Bapak as a witness. We will return to address this point later.

24 As can be seen, one of the key planks of the Prosecution’s argument on
appeal was that there was no record of any agreement in the Respondent’s long
statements. While this was true to some extent, this evidence, however, had to
be considered in the light of the three points below.

25 First, it was important to understand the significance of the absence of
any agreement being mentioned in the long statements against the backdrop of
how the long statements were recorded. When this issue was raised, the Judge
noted (see the Judgment at [33]) that DSP Tan had admitted during cross-
examination that the Respondent had mentioned an agreement, but that this
might not have been written down when DSP Tan recorded the long statements. In
this appeal, the Prosecution pointed out that, during re-examination, DSP Tan
actually explained that he might have misunderstood the question during cross-
examination, and that the Respondent might not have explicitly mentioned an
agreement during the recording of his statements. The Prosecution therefore
contended that the Judge had erred in relying on this lapse to reason why the
Respondent had not mentioned any agreement in his long statements.

26 Whilst that was true, what was important to note was that, when questioned
by the Judge as to why he seemed to have an idea of this agreement, DSP Tan
went on further to state as follows:

A:Er, Your Honour, I, erm, to answer the question, it’s---it’s---_it’s an
impression that I got from, er, the accused that---there---he will not
transaction more than, er, 255_ [_sic_] gram _of Ice and above_. Er, but on
the fact that whether he has an agreement with “Bapak”, er, that one I’m not
so sure. Er, because if---if the accused has mention this to me earlier on,
during the statement recording, I would have recorded it down.

[emphasis added]

27 The important point to note in the context of the present appeal was that
whether there was an agreement between Bapak and the Respondent was only
_indicative_ of the _mens rea_ of the Respondent – _even if_ the Respondent
was under the _misimpression_ that he would only be delivering less than 250g
of Ice because of an agreement (which may or may not have existed), this was
still indicative of what the Respondent’s state of knowledge was. In this
regard, it was significant that DSP Tan had observed that, whilst the
Respondent may not have explicitly mentioned an agreement, the Respondent
_did_ give an _impression_ that he would only be delivering less than 250g of
Ice. This lent credibility to the Respondent’s assertion that he did not know
he was carrying more than 250g of Ice.

28 Secondly, we also noted that the Respondent had, in a number of his
statements, mentioned that the weight of the Ice in his possession was 250g.
When the packets of Ice were first retrieved from the Car, SSI Tony Ng had
asked the Respondent what the packets contained, and how heavy they weighed.
The Respondent, albeit after some hesitation, stated that it was “250g” of
Ice. This was corroborated by the evidence of another CNB officer present,
Woman Senior Staff Sergeant Jenny Woo. The second time the Respondent
mentioned the weight of Ice was, as observed by the Judge, in the Respondent’s
Cautioned Statement, where the Respondent mentioned that he “used to collect
ICE below the weight of 250 grams”. Finally, in his long statement dated 23
March 2011, the Respondent had also mentioned that he did not “know the exact
weight of Ice”, but had assumed “that the total weight was 250 grams”. Apart
from the lack of details in his long statements, there was therefore really no
inherent contradiction between his statements and his defence. Looked at as a
whole, this lent further credibility to the Respondent’s assertion of such an
agreement.

29 Thirdly, we could also find no fault with the Judge’s reasoning that it
would be odd that the Respondent would only be paid $500 for every single
delivery of Ice, regardless of the weight. The impression from the notes of
evidence as well as his statements suggested to us that the Respondent was of
reasonable intellect and was proficient in English. The Prosecution had also
alluded to this and, in their closing submissions in the trial below,
characterised the Respondent as “an intelligent and enterprising person”. In a
commercial bargain, it would be reasonable to think that the Respondent would
not have agreed to be paid a flat rate of $500 for every single delivery of
Ice, regardless of the weight.

Whether the Respondent was wilfully blind

30 The second finding of fact which was appealed against was the Judge’s
finding that the Respondent was not wilfully blind, inasmuch as he did not
know or had little reason to suspect that the weight of Ice in his possession
was more than 250g. The Prosecution relied on three facts to argue that the
Respondent should be found to have been wilfully blind. First, it was
submitted that the Respondent had knowledge that there were two plastic bags
instead of one, unlike in the previous three deliveries. He should therefore
have at least suspected that there was a greater quantity of Ice in his
possession. Secondly, the Respondent had conceded that he could not trust
Bapak generally and, therefore, he would already have had his suspicions as to
whether the weight of Ice in his possession exceeded 250g (despite the alleged
agreement with Bapak). Thirdly, the Respondent could have easily checked
whether the weight of Ice in his possession was more than 250g, and, by
choosing not to do so, was really turning a blind eye to the actual facts.

31 In support of this argument, the Prosecution submitted that the facts of
this appeal were similar to those in the decision of this court in _Dinesh
Pillai a/l K Raja Retnam v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 2 SLR 903 (“ _Dinesh
Pillai_ ”). In _Dinesh Pillai_ , the accused was paid to deliver “food”
wrapped in brown packets to Singapore. During the third of such deliveries,
the accused was detained at Woodlands Immigration Checkpoint, and diamorphine
was found inside the brown packet. In dismissing his appeal, this court found
that the accused had failed to prove that he did not know that the brown
packet in his possession contained a controlled drug. It was observed (at
[17]) that the accused “did not believe” that the brown packet contained food,
suspected that they contained something illegal, and had ample time and
opportunity to check. By not doing so, the accused therefore (see [21]):

… failed to rebut the s 18(2) MDA presumption on a balance of probabilities
because he turned a blind eye to what the Brown Packet contained despite
suspecting that it contained something illegal. ...

The Prosecution submitted that essentially the same factors were present in
this appeal – basically, a certain suspicion on the part of the Respondent and
his subsequent failure to check.

32 We were not persuaded by this argument. In our judgment, the appeal before
us was different from _Dinesh Pillai_ in the following manner. First, although
the Respondent might have had _some_ sort of suspicion on his part, we agreed
with the Judge that such a suspicion was “not firmly grounded on specific
facts but arose simply by virtue of the risky venture which he undertook” (see
the Judgment at [43]). Even if the Respondent had suspected that Bapak _might_
have increased the weight of the Ice to be delivered, it was significant that
in his previous three deliveries, the weight of the Ice was 250g or less, in
accordance with his alleged agreement with Bapak. The Respondent had followed
a similar, if not the same, _modus operandi_ as he did in his previous
delivery jobs, where he had driven to a point where he would wait to be passed
the drugs, and then delivered the drugs to the instructed destination. There
was therefore nothing out of the ordinary such as to arouse his suspicion
which was (in turn) sufficient to ground a finding of wilful blindness.
Secondly, it must also be remembered that in this case, unlike _Dinesh Pillai_
, it could not be said that the Respondent could have easily ascertained the
weight of the Ice in his possession. In fact, during his previous deliveries,
it was only after he had received the drugs and returned would he then weigh
the Ice passed to him. That was how he had known that the weight of the Ice in
his previous deliveries was less than 250g in gross weight.

33 In the trial below, the burden was on the Respondent to “prove on a balance
of probabilities that he did not know or could not reasonably be expected to
have known” (see _Dinesh Pillai_ at [21]) that the weight of Ice was above
250g. In the Judge’s view, which we agreed with, he had successfully
discharged this burden of proof. In this regard, we found the decision of this
court in _Khor Soon Lee v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 201 (“ _Khor Soon
Lee_ ”) helpful. To briefly summarise, in _Khor Soon Lee_ , the accused was a
drug courier who had had agreed to transport Erimin, Ketamine, Ice and Ecstasy
into Singapore. However, on the day of his arrest, he was found to be in
possession of _diamorphine_ instead (a charge which attracted the death
penalty). He was convicted for trafficking in diamorphine, and appealed to
this court, arguing that he did not know that the drugs in his possession were
diamorphine. The appeal was allowed, and two facts were significant in this
particular regard. First, this court noted (at [23]) that the accused had
sought assurances from his supplier that he would not be trafficking in
diamorphine as he was afraid of the death penalty. Second, it was also
significant that, on numerous previous occasions, he had only trafficked in
Erimin, Ketamine, Ice, Ecstasy, but not diamorphine. Having this in mind, the
court was therefore satisfied that the accused was “at most, either negligent
or reckless in not checking the package, but _not_ wilfully blind” (at [28]).
Given our observations above, we likewise found that the Respondent could not
be said to be wilfully blind simply because he did not check the weight of the
Ice in the packets. To this end, we would also affirm the Judge’s findings
that the sight of two plastic bags would not be significant enough to cause
the Respondent to suspect that the weight of Ice in his possession was more
than 250g (notwithstanding the Judge’s error in using the net weight of the
Ice instead of the gross weight, as he should have done (see above at
[18(b)(ii)])).

Conclusion on the substantive appeal

34 For the reasons set out above, we were of the view that the Judge’s
findings were not plainly against the weight of the evidence. His findings
were reasoned and supported by the evidence, and, thus, the threshold for
appellate intervention had not been crossed. We therefore dismissed the
appeal.

General observations

35 Notwithstanding the fact that we dismissed the appeal and affirmed the
Judge’s decision that the presumption under s 18(2) of the Act had been
rebutted on the evidence before him, we think that it is timely to render some
general observations on certain specific issues – some of which arose during
the course of oral submissions before this court.

The failure to call Bapak as a witness

36 One specific – and related – issue that arose in the present appeal and
which might have a potentially broader application beyond this case related to
whether the courts should draw an adverse inference in situations where the
accused person claims that somebody had given him the drugs concerned and that
person is in fact available to be called as a witness during his trial. In
this appeal, that potential witness (who was _not_ , in fact, called) was
Bapak. The Prosecution had relied on this fact in challenging both the Judge’s
findings of fact, arguing that by choosing not to do so, this cast a “real
doubt” on the Respondent’s evidence that there had been an agreement between
the Respondent and Bapak that the weight of Ice for each delivery would not
exceed 250g.

37 When faced with this particular issue, the Respondent’s counsel, Mr Amolat
Singh (“Mr Singh”), in his characteristically candid style (which has now
become a sterling hallmark all criminal practitioners would do well to
emulate) did not seek to avoid the issue, but instead, dealt with it head-on.
Put simply, his point was that the choice of whether or not to call a witness
(such as Bapak) is _a tactical decision which lies within the purview of the
defence_. In this particular case, for example, Mr Singh stated that Bapak was
not called as a witness because it was felt that his evidence would not be of
assistance or might even be prejudicial to the Respondent. Bapak, Mr Singh
submitted, would (in order to assist and corroborate the Respondent’s case)
have to give evidence _which might implicate him in an offence under the Act
as well_. In our view, this point is well-taken. Indeed, it was possible that
Bapak might, instead, have attempted to implicate the Respondent. Whilst it is
true that he could then have been treated as a hostile witness, it would, in
the general scheme of things, not only not have advanced the Respondent’s case
but might also have _prejudiced_ it instead. Put simply, the Respondent might
have been in no better a position or might even have been in a _worse_
position had he chosen to call Bapak as a witness.

38 It is true that, in _Khor Soon Lee_ , we expressed the view (at [32]) that:

... [W]here there are at least two co-accused who have been charged in
relation to the same transaction, the Prosecution should endeavour, if … it
proposes to release one of the co-accused, to inform counsel for the other co-
accused as expeditiously as possible. Likewise, counsel for the _other_ co-
accused should also act with equal expedition in determining whether the
evidence of the co-accused (to be released) is necessary for his or her
client’s defence. If deemed necessary, counsel ought to make the necessary
applications to secure the co-accused’s attendance at the trial of his or her
client. [emphasis in original]

39 The present appeal is different from that in _Khor Soon Lee_ in so far as
Bapak was not a co-accused together with the Respondent. However, there is, in
principle, no reason why the Prosecution should not have made Bapak available
as a witness. In fact, the Prosecution confirmed that it _did_ indeed make
Bapak available to the defence to be called as a witness, although, it was
submitted, there was no _duty_ on the part of _the Prosecution_ to call Bapak
as a witness. This last-mentioned point is well-taken and brings us back to
the issue as to whether or not, faced with the choice of calling Bapak as a
witness, an adverse inference ought to be drawn against the Respondent
(pursuant to s 116, Illustration (_g_) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev
Ed) (“s 116(g)”)) as he had chosen _not_ to call Bapak as a witness. And this
in turn brings us back to the submission by Mr Singh (above at [37]). We think
that his submission is generally a persuasive one, especially when we take
into account the relevant case law.

40 An oft-cited decision (see, for example, Dr V Kesava Rao, _Sir John
Woodroffe & Syed Amir Ali’s Law of Evidence_ (LexisNexis, 18th ed, 2009) vol 3
at p 4947) is the Calcutta decision of _In the Matter of the Petition of
Dhunno Kazi and another; The Empress v Dhunno Kazi and another_ (1881) ILR 8
Cal 121 (“ _Kazi_ ”), where Wilson J, in delivering the judgment of the court,
observed as follows (at 124–125):

The only legitimate object of a prosecution is to secure not a conviction, but
that justice be done. The prosecutor is not therefore free to choose how much
evidence he will bring before the Court. He is bound to produce all the
evidence in his favour directly bearing upon the charge. It is _primâ facie_
his duty, accordingly, to call witnesses who prove their connection with the
transactions in question, and also must be able to give important information.
The only thing that can relieve the prosecutor from calling such witnesses is
the reasonable belief that, if called, they would not speak the truth. If such
witnesses are not called without sufficient reason being shown (and the mere
fact of their being summoned for the defence seems to us by no means
necessarily a sufficient reason), the Court may properly draw an inference
adverse to the prosecution.

_There is_ **_no corresponding inference against the accused. He is merely on
the defensive, and owes no duty to any one but himself. He is at liberty, as
to the whole or any part of the case against him, to rely on the witnesses of
the case for the prosecution, or to call witnesses, or to meet the charge in
any other way he chooses; and no inference unfavourable to him can properly be
drawn, because he takes one course rather than another._** In the present
case, these considerations apply with peculiar force. If the witnesses
referred to by the learned Judge are thought by the prosecution to be
trustworthy men, the prosecution was bound to call them. If they are thought
not to be so, it seems to us specially unreasonable to reproach the accused
with not calling them.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

41 Indeed, _Kazi_ was itself cited in the Federation of Malaya Court of Appeal
decision of _Goh Ah Yew v Public Prosecutor_ [1949] MLJ 150 (“ _Goh Ah Yew_
”), where Spenser-Wilkinson J, delivering the judgment of the court, observed
thus (at 153):

Before finally disposing of this appeal, however, there are various points
which were raised in the course of the argument at the trial (some of which
were mentioned before us) upon which we feel that we ought to express an
opinion. In the course of a long address to the Assessors the Deputy Public
Prosecutor who conducted the trial in the Court below put forward various
propositions of law which were quite untenable. In the first place, he invited
the Assessors to draw an inference against the appellant by reason of his
failure to call a certain witness who was present in Court and available. He
relied upon paragraph (g) of section 114 of the Evidence Enactment [_ie_ , s
116(g)] as showing that a presumption arose that the evidence of this witness
would not have corroborated that of the appellant. **_No such inference,
however, can be drawn against an accused in a criminal trial. There is no duty
upon an accused to call any evidence. He is at liberty to offer evidence or
not as he thinks proper and no inference unfavourable to him can be drawn
because he adopts one course rather than the other._**_Emperor v. Dhunno Kazi_
and see _Woodroffe_ on Evidence 9th Edition at page 813; _Sarkar_ on Evidence
5th Edition 865. [emphasis added in bold italics]

42 The principle in _Goh Ah Yew_ , as set out in the preceding paragraph, has
also since been applied in numerous decisions in both Singapore as well as
Malaysia (see, by way of a brief sample only, the Singapore District Court
decisions of _Goh Eng Hock v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] SGDC 298 at [57];
_Public Prosecutor v Harvey Chong_ [2007] SGDC 29 at [112]; and _Public
Prosecutor v Foo Chee Ring_ [2008] SGDC 298 (“ _Foo Chee Ring_ ”) at [205],
[208] and [220]; the Singapore High Court decision of _Abu Bakar v Regina_
[1963] MLJ 288 at 289; the Malaysian High Court decision of _Gunasegaran a/l
Singaravelu v Public Prosecutor_ [2009] 7 MLJ 761 at [21]; the Malaysian Court
of Appeal decisions of _Tay Kok Wah v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 4 MLJ 502 at
[26] and [27] and _Azmer bin Mustafa v Public Prosecutor_ [2014] 3 MLJ 616 at
[45]; as well as the Malaysian Supreme Court decision of _Illian & Anor v
Public Prosecutor_ [1988] 1 MLJ 421 at 424 (this last-mentioned case related,
in fact, to charges of drug trafficking)).

43 It should be noted that Yong Pung How CJ did observe, in the Singapore High
Court decision of _Public Prosecutor v Nurashikin bte Ahmad Borhan_ [2003] 1
SLR(R) 52 (“ _Nurashikin_ ”), as follows (at [24]):

24 In my opinion, the respondent’s failure to call Natasha to the stand should
have resulted in an adverse inference being drawn against her under
illustration (g) to s 116 of the Evidence Act. I do not mean to suggest that a
defendant’s failure to call a material witness will always result in an
adverse inference being drawn against him. Illustration (g) to s 116 provides
that:

The court may presume that evidence which could be and is not produced would
if produced be unfavourable to the person who withholds it.

As apparent from the wording of the provision, it allows, but does not compel,
the court to draw adverse inferences even if available evidence is not
produced in court. In fact, the general rule is that the burden lies on the
Prosecution to prove its case and no adverse inference can be drawn against
the Defence if it chooses not to call any witness: see _Goh Ah Yew v PP_
[1949] 1 MLJ 150 and _Abu Bakar v R_ [1963] 1 MLJ 288. **_There is however an
important qualification to this general rule: if the Prosecution has made out
a complete case against the defendant and yet the defence has failed to call a
material witness when calling such a witness is the only way to rebut the
Prosecution’s case, illustration (g) to s 116 of the Evidence Act then allows
the court to draw an adverse inference against the defendant:_**_Choo Chang
Teik v PP_ [1991] 3 MLJ 423 and _Mohamed Abdullah s/o Abdul Razak v PP_ [2000]
1 SLR(R) 922. **_This is based on the commonsense notion that if the only way
for the Defence to rebut the Prosecution’s case is to call a particular
witness, then her failure to do so naturally raises the inference that even
that witness’s evidence will be unfavourable to her._**

25 This was exactly the case in the present appeal. The circumstantial
evidence adduced by the Prosecution was strong enough to amount to a complete
case against the respondent. The respondent had no other available means of
rebutting the Prosecution’s strong circumstantial evidence against her except
through calling Natasha to the stand. Yet she failed to do so without good
reasons. Natasha was clearly an available witness. In fact, she was in court
during the trial hearing. In such circumstances, the judge should have drawn
an adverse inference against the respondent under illustration (g) to s 116 of
the Evidence Act that Natasha’s evidence would be unfavourable to her.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

44 The above observation has been cited in numerous decisions, including the
Singapore District Court decisions of _Public Prosecutor v Sim Teck Meng
David_ [2004] SGDC 71 at [108]; _Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Hafiz bin Sapeh_
[2007] SGDC 243 at [45]; _Public Prosecutor v Deng Xiaohong_ [2008] SGDC 23 at
[58]; _Public Prosecutor v Jayasangar s/o G Packirisamy_ [2009] SGDC 41 (“
_Jayasangar_ ”) at [41]; and _Koh Young Lyndon v Masao Lim Zheng Xiong_ [2010]
SGDC 309 at [33]; as well as the Singapore High Court decisions of _Han Yung
Ting v Public Prosecutor_ [2003] SGHC 268 at [46]; _Loo See Mei v Public
Prosecutor_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 27 at [53]–[54]; and _Valentino Globe BV v Pacific
Rim Industries Inc_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 577 at [69].

45 Most importantly, we note the following observations by Yong Pung How CJ in
the Singapore High Court decision of _Mohamed Abdullah s/o Abdul Razak v
Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 922 (“ _Mohamed Abdullah_ ”) (at [41]–[44])
(a decision that was, not surprisingly, also relied upon by Mr Singh):

41 What effect should be attributed by the court to the appellant’s failure to
call material witnesses? In criminal matters, it is well established that
where the Prosecution fails to call a material and essential witness, the
court has the discretion to draw an adverse presumption against it under s 116
illus (_g_) of the EA. In deciding whether it is appropriate to draw such an
adverse presumption against the Prosecution, all the circumstances of the case
will be considered, to see whether its failure to call that material witness
left a gap in its case, or whether such failure constituted withholding of
evidence from the court. **_In contrast, due to the allocation of the burden
of proof in criminal matters, great caution should be exercised_** when
applying s 116 illus (_g_) EA to **_the defence’s failure to call a material
witness_**. Whereas the Prosecution has the burden to prove its case beyond
reasonable doubt, the defendant has no such burden to prove his innocence.
Instead, all that he has to do, is to cast a reasonable doubt on the
Prosecution’s case. Even if the defendant has failed to call a material
witness, and there are gaps in his defence, the court must still consider
whether he has nevertheless succeeded in casting a reasonable doubt on the
Prosecution’s case. In the Malaysian cases of _Illian v Public Prosecutor_
[1988] 1 MLJ 421 and _Tan Foo Su v Public Prosecutor_ [1967] 2 MLJ 19, it was
held that the failure of the Defence to call a witness should not be made
subject to adverse comment by the court, and that s 114 illus (g) of the
Malaysian Evidence Act (_in pari materia_ with Singapore’s s 116 illus (_g_)
EA) should not be invoked against the accused person.

42 Therefore, it is clear that s 116 illus (_g_) of the EA **_does not apply
with the same vigour to the Defence as to the Prosecution. Otherwise, it would
be tantamount to placing a duty on the Defence to call every material witness,
and to prove the defendant’s innocence. When faced with a situation where the
Defence has failed to call a material witness, the court should bear in mind
that such failure on the part of the Defence does not add anything to the
Prosecution’s case, in that it does not operate to raise any presumption which
would help the Prosecution to prove its case beyond reasonable doubt when it
has otherwise failed to do so. Instead, the Defence’s failure to call a
material witness will only affect its own ability to cast a reasonable doubt
on the Prosecution’s case._** Section 116 illus (_g_) of the EA does not
change this fundamental principle. In every case, the court will ask, in view
of all the facts and evidence before it, whether the Defence has succeeded in
casting a reasonable doubt on the Prosecution’s case despite its failure to
call a material witness.

43 In _Choo Chang Teik v Public Prosecutor_ [1991] 3 MLJ 423, the Supreme
Court of Malaysia distinguished the previous cases of _Illian v Public
Prosecutor_ and _Tan Foo Su v Public Prosecutor_ , and drew an adverse
inference against the accused under s 114 illus (g) of the Malaysian Evidence
Act. Mohamed Yusoff SCJ, delivering the judgment of the court, stated that
where the Prosecution had made out a complete case against the accused person,
and had adduced rebuttal evidence against the accused’s evidence, and the case
disclosed that there was evidence that could be produced by the accused to
negate the charge against him, then the natural conclusion flowing from the
accused’s failure to offer such evidence was that the evidence, if produced,
instead of rebutting would sustain the charge. In my view, this was really
another way of saying that the Defence had failed to cast a reasonable doubt
on the Prosecution’s case. Section 114 illus (g) of the Malaysian Evidence Act
was simply used by the Malaysian Supreme Court to draw the “natural
conclusion”, from the facts of that case, which ordinary prudence required
them to draw.

44 **_Thus, when the Singapore court is faced with a situation where the
Prosecution has made out a complete case against the defendant, or has adduced
rebuttal evidence against the Defence, and the case discloses that the Defence
has failed to call a material witness_** , s 116 illus (_g_) of the EA
**_merely allows the court, where appropriate, to draw the natural conclusion
that the evidence which could have been adduced but was not would have been
unfavourable to the defendant. If such a natural conclusion can indeed be
drawn, then it would go towards the court’s consideration of whether the
Defence has cast a reasonable doubt on the Prosecution’s case. However, in
deciding whether it is appropriate to draw this conclusion, all the facts and
circumstances of the case will be considered. For example, if the witness
could not be located despite reasonable efforts, no such “natural conclusion”
can be drawn._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The last paragraph in the quotation above is noteworthy and ought to be read
with Yong CJ’s subsequent observations in _Nurashikin_ as to what constitutes
an important qualification to the general rule (see above at [43]).

46 At this juncture, it is important to note that the principle laid down by
Yong CJ in _Mohamed Abdullah_ (as quoted in the preceding paragraph) is clear
law in the Singapore context and has been cited in numerous decisions since
(see, to take but a small sampling of only some of the latest decisions, the
Singapore High Court decision of _Nurashikin_ at [24], as well as the
Singapore District Court decisions of _Public Prosecutor v Jaya d/o Gopal_
[2007] SGDC 189 at [80]; _Public Prosecutor v Bijabahadur Rai s/o Shree
Kantrai_ [2008] SGDC 174 at [88]; _Foo Chee Ring_ at [206], [207] and [208];
_Jayasangar_ at [42]; and _Public Prosecutor v NYH_ [2014] SGDC 432).

47 However, as the facts of each case can vary so vastly, we hesitate to lay
down a blanket rule that an adverse inference can _never_ be drawn against an
accused person even in a context where the failure to call a material witness
was primarily motivated by the concern that it would be in that witness’s
self-interest to give evidence that is prejudicial to the defence. That having
been said, the drawing of an adverse inference by the court in a fact
situation such as the present would likely, in the nature of things and given
the general tenor of the case law cited above, to be extremely rare and would
stem in all probability from an exceptional fact situation, if at all. We
pause to note that this is the case, even taking into account Yong CJ’s
observations in _Nurashikin_ (quoted above at [43]) – having regard to what
would be the usual fact situation in cases such as the present (as to which,
see above at [39]). Of course, our remarks should not be understood to mean
that an accused person has no general duty in all situations to call defence
witnesses. There are, for example, presumptions in the Act which make it
incumbent on the accused to “prove” facts in order to rebut the presumptions
on a balance of probabilities. In situations where the presumptions apply, an
adverse inference could well be drawn against the accused for his failure to
call a material witness who is available. Suffice it to state that, on the
facts of the present case, it was not, in our view, appropriate to draw an
adverse inference against the Respondent.

Manufactured defences

48 Our second observation pertained specifically to the defence raised by the
Respondent, _ie_ , that he did not know the _weight_ of the Ice in his
possession. This was an issue which was encapsulated in the following
observations by this court in _Khor Soon Lee_ (at [29]):

As a result of our finding above, and given the _particular factual matrix_
set out above, it would also follow that the Appellant has succeeded in
rebutting, on a balance of probabilities, the presumption of knowledge under s
18(2) of the Act. It bears emphasising that each case will, of course, depend
on its own precise facts. The facts of the present appeal, it might be
observed, are rather unusual: in particular, the consistent pattern of conduct
referred to above (which centred on dealing in drugs which did _not_ involve
the death penalty) was admitted by the Prosecution, and, further, the
testimony of a significant witness (Tony) was not available (for which we have
therefore assumed that such testimony, if given, would have buttressed the
Appellant’s case). In the circumstances, a strong cautionary note ought to be
sounded. Given the finely balanced set of facts in the present appeal, nothing
in this case sets a precedent for future cases (which ought, in any event, to
turn on their own particular facts). Still less will future courts countenance
accused persons seeking to “manufacture defences” in order to effect a similar
fact pattern. [emphasis in original]

49 Put simply, the concern is that accused persons may attempt to “
_manufacture defences_ ”, particularly through carefully rehearsed statements
(both written and/or oral) which are intended to rebut the presumptions under
the Act, thus enabling the accused person concerned to escape capital
punishment as mandated under the relevant provisions of the Act. That is why
this court was at pains to emphasise “the finely balanced set of facts” in
_Khor Soon Lee_ which were also described as being “rather unusual” (see _Khor
Soon Lee_ at [29], reproduced in the preceding paragraph). Indeed, in _Khor
Soon Lee_ , there was (as alluded to above at [33]) a consistent pattern of
conduct centring on the dealing in drugs which did not involve the death
penalty. In addition, this consistent pattern of conduct was admitted by the
Prosecution. It should be further noted that the court in that case assumed
that the testimony of a significant witness (who was not available) would have
been in the accused person’s favour. The danger of abuse is clear: accused
persons might henceforth (as alluded to at the outset of this paragraph)
rehearse contrived statements intended to pull the proverbial wool over the
eyes of the judge in the trial court by claiming that _they thought_ that they
were dealing in a drug which did _not_ involve the death penalty. Indeed, in
the present case, there was yet another _variation_ on this particular theme
inasmuch as the Respondent claimed that there was a consistent pattern of
dealing in a drug which did potentially involve the death penalty, but which
weight carried during each dealing or transaction was carefully calibrated so
as not to be of a weight which attracted the death penalty upon conviction. We
must admit that we had some difficulty with this particular argument, at least
when it was viewed at first blush.

50 However (and this brings us to the next and important point), much depends,
in the final analysis, on an assessment of the credibility of the accused
person (see also the decision of this court in _Tan Kiam Peng v Public
Prosecutor_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 1 at [131]) and, consistent with established legal
principles as well as common sense, the appellate court would be very
reluctant to interfere with the findings in this regard by the trial judge
(which are, in effect, findings of fact). This does not, of course, mean that
the appellate court can never interfere with a trial judge’s findings of fact
– particularly if they are, having regard to all the facts (including oral _as
well as_ documentary evidence) and circumstances of the case, plainly against
the weight of the evidence.

51 Returning to the facts of this case, as already mentioned above, we were of
the view that the Judge had assessed the credibility of the Respondent in some
detail and we did not see any ground to interfere with his findings and
decision. That having been said, we do want to re-emphasise the fact that, in
assessing the credibility of accused persons in the context of the application
of the presumptions found in the Act, trial judges should be extremely wary of
carefully rehearsed defences which have been manufactured with a view to
escaping the death penalty.

The applicable law on appellate intervention

52 This leads us to our final point, which is that despite our reservations,
we dismissed the appeal because the threshold for appellate intervention had
not been crossed. This appeal was primarily against the findings of fact made
by the Judge, and in this regard, it bears repeating the principles governing
appellate intervention _vis-à-vis_ findings of fact by a trial judge. This
court, in _Sandz Solutions (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others v Strategic
Worldwide Assets Ltd and others_ [2014] 3 SLR 562 (at [37]), cited with
approval the following passage in its earlier decision of _Tat Seng Machine
Movers Pte Ltd v Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 (at [41]):

... The appellate court’s power of review with respect to finding[s] of facts
is limited because the trial judge is generally better placed to assess the
veracity and credibility of witnesses, especially where oral evidence is
concerned (_Seah Ting Soon v Indonesian Tractors Co Pte Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR(R)
53 at [22]). However, this rule is not immutable. _Where it can be established
that the trial judge’s assessment is plainly wrong or against the weight of
the evidence, the appellate court can and should overturn any such finding_
(see _Alagappa Subramanian v Chidambaram s/o Alagappa_ [2003] SGCA 20 at [13]
and _Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 at [34]-[36]).
Furthermore, where a particular finding of fact is not based on the veracity
or credibility of the witness, but instead, is based on an inference drawn
from the facts or the evaluation of primary facts, the appellate court is in
as good a position as the trial judge to undertake that exercise (_Tan Chin
Seng v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 307 at [54] and _Ho Soo Fong
v Standard Chartered Bank_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 181 at [20]). In so doing, the
appellate court will evaluate the cogency of the evidence given by the
witnesses by testing it against inherent probabilities or against
uncontroverted facts (_Peh Eng Leng v Pek Eng Leong_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 939 at
[22]). [emphasis added]

53 As alluded to in the passage above, we have now come to recognise a
difference between findings of fact based on the veracity or credibility of
witnesses and inferences of fact. Going one step further, it has also been
accepted by this court (see _Thorben Langvad Linneberg v Leong Mei Kuen_
[2013] 1 SLR 207 at [13], affirming the decision of the Singapore High Court
in _Public Prosecutor v Wang Ziyi Able_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 61) that an appellate
court is in as good a position as a trial judge to assess a witness’s
credibility if his assessment is based on inferences drawn from:

(a) the internal consistency in the content of the witness’s testimony; and

(b) the external consistency between the content of the witness’s evidence and
the extrinsic evidence.

54 In view of the principles set out above, when faced with an appeal against
a judge’s findings of fact, an appellate court should first seek to discern
whether the finding of fact appealed against is one based on the credibility
of the witness, or an inference of fact based on objective evidence. In the
latter scenario, an appellate court should look at the objective evidence
before the court and then question whether the trial judge’s assessment was
_plainly against the weight of the objective evidence_. In the former
scenario, the appellate court should assess whether the trial judge’s findings
on the credibility of the witness, and hence any acceptance of that particular
witness’s evidence, are _plainly wrong_. This can be done by examining the
internal and external consistency of the witness’s evidence as mentioned in
the two categories above.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Mar 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

