Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Cost Engineers (SEA) Pte Ltd and another _v_ Chan Siew Lun  
[2015] SGHC 262

Case Number| :| Suit No 99 of 2011 (Taking of Accounts No 14 of 2013)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Johnson Loo Teck Lee (Drew & Napier LLC) for the first
and second plaintiffs; Sarbjit Singh Chopra, Ho May Kim, and Satinder Singh
(Selvam LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Cost Engineers (SEA) Pte Ltd — Lim Teck Poh — Chan Siew Lun  
  
19 October 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 Four years ago, the trial of this action took place before me. It
principally concerned a claim by Cost Engineers (SEA) Pte Ltd (“the 1st
plaintiff”) for a declaration that the defendant held one third of the
shareholding in a company, Tri-Nexus Pte Ltd (“Tri-Nexus”), on trust for it.
In the course of the trial, it emerged that a key document which the defendant
had relied on was tampered with. The date of a critical cheque, which was for
payment of the increased share capital of Tri-Nexus, was deliberately altered
to give the false impression that the increased share capital was personally
funded by the two registered shareholders (the defendant and one Soh Cheow
Yeng (“Soh”)), instead of having been funded by Tri-Nexus on behalf of its
three shareholders (_ie_ , the two registered shareholders and the 1st
plaintiff as equitable shareholder).

2 Immediately following the closing submissions, the defendant, perhaps
unsurprisingly, consented to judgment in which he agreed to transfer half of
his shareholding in Tri-Nexus (comprising 60,000 shares) to the 1st plaintiff.
The consent judgment required the defendant to, _inter alia_ , “provide an
account to the 1st Plaintiff of all dividends and profits that the 1st
Plaintiff is entitled to pursuant to the shareholding equitably owned by the
1st Plaintiff prior to this order for transfer” and to pay “all sums found due
from the Defendant to the 1st Plaintiff upon the taking of the account”.

3 Thereafter, various intervening interlocutory applications and adjournments
regrettably delayed the assessment of the 1st plaintiff’s claim, and the case
eventually returned back to me for the taking of the accounts (“the assessment
hearing”) almost four years later. In the meantime, the dispute between the
three shareholders led to investigations by the Corrupt Practices
Investigation Bureau and the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”).
It transpired during the trial that sham invoices were issued to facilitate
the distribution of “profits” among the three shareholders. The three
shareholders, _ie_ the defendant, Soh, and the second plaintiff (“Lim”) — who
is effectively the _alter ego_ of the 1st plaintiff — have since been charged
for the falsification of accounts, which is an offence punishable under s 477A
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The criminal trial is still ongoing.

4 The assessment hearing has raised some interesting issues for determination.
In response to the 1st plaintiff’s demand for an account of the dividends and
profits, the defendant claims that no dividends have been declared by Tri-
Nexus, and, hence, that there is nothing to account for. A forensic accountant
engaged by the 1st plaintiff pored over the accounts of Tri-Nexus, and
identified various payments and expenses which were not “incurred in the
ordinary course of business”. The 1st plaintiff claims that these payments and
expenses were wrongfully made and ought to be deemed as distributed profits of
Tri-Nexus. On that premise, the 1st plaintiff seeks a share of the amounts
paid out.

5 Is it permissible for the 1st plaintiff to claim for “dividends and profits”
in this manner given that a shareholder is not entitled in law to “profits” of
a company unless they are declared as dividends? Can the fact that the consent
judgment provided for an account of “profits” as well as dividends confer the
1st plaintiff with a right to the profits of a company even though dividends
were never formally declared? Does the consent judgment give rise to issue
estoppel as regards the ambit of the expression “dividends and profits” even
though no specific finding as to the meaning of this expression was made by
the court? These somewhat unusual issues will be examined in the course of
this judgment.

The consent judgment

6 The starting point for the assessment hearing is the consent judgment
entered on 25 November 2011. I set out in full the terms of the consent
judgment:

_IT IS THIS DAY ADJUDGED AND ORDERED_ that:

1\. The Defendant does transfer to the 1st Plaintiff 60,000 ordinary shares in
Tri-Nexus Pte Ltd.

2\. The Defendant does execute all documents necessary for the compliance with
the above transfer, failing which the Registrar of the Supreme Court shall be
empowered to sign any such documents on the Defendant’s behalf.

3\. The Defendant does deliver up to the 1st Plaintiff, the complete
accounting reports of Tri-Nexus Pte Ltd for the financial years from 2007 to
2010.

4\. **The Defendant does provide an account to the 1 st Plaintiff of all
dividends and profits that the 1st Plaintiff is entitled to pursuant to the
shareholding equitably owned by the 1st Plaintiff prior to this order for
transfer.**

5\. **The Defendant does pay to the 1 st Plaintiff all sums found due from the
Defendant to the 1st Plaintiff upon the taking of the account under (4)
above.**

6\. The Defendant does pay to the 1st Plaintiff interest on any sums ordered
to be paid by the Defendant to the 1st Plaintiff.

7\. The Defendant does pay to the 1st Plaintiff the costs of this action to be
taxed if not agreed.

[emphasis added]

7 There is no dispute regarding the order to transfer the 60,000 ordinary Tri-
Nexus shares. The 60,000 shares which were held on trust by the defendant have
since been duly transferred to the 1st plaintiff. What divides the parties,
however, is the import of paragraphs four and five of the consent judgment.
Specifically, the crux of the disagreement between the parties concerns the
meaning of the clause “dividends and profits that the 1st Plaintiff is
entitled to pursuant to the shareholding equitably owned by the 1st
Plaintiff”. The 1st plaintiff claims half of all the payments made by Tri-
Nexus to the defendant in the financial years (“FY”) 2008 to 2011 (“the
relevant period”) as its rightful share of the "dividends and profits" owed
under the consent judgment.

The defendant’s case

8 It is helpful to first set out the defendant’s case, because the 1st
plaintiff’s case is perhaps better understood as a response to the position
the defendant is taking. The defendant submits that he has completely
satisfied the consent judgment by transferring the 60,000 Tri-Nexus shares to
the 1st plaintiff and by providing the accounting reports of Tri-Nexus. No
dividends were declared by Tri-Nexus during the relevant period so the
defendant did not receive any dividends pursuant to his shareholding of the
1st plaintiff’s 60,000 Tri-Nexus shares. Therefore, there are neither any
“dividends or profits” for the defendant to account for (under para 4 of the
consent judgment) nor are there sums due from the defendant to the 1st
plaintiff (under para 5 of the consent judgment).

The 1st plaintiff’s case

9 The 1st plaintiff does not dispute the fact that no dividends were declared
by Tri-Nexus during the material period. However, it asserts that the
defendant is not merely required to account for the dividends officially
declared by Tri-Nexus and received by the shareholders, but also _unofficial
payouts_. According to the 1st plaintiff’s case, the obligation to “provide an
account…of all dividends and profits that the 1st Plaintiff is entitled to
pursuant to [its equitable shareholding]” includes an obligation to provide an
account of all “payouts” which the defendant had received as unofficial
distributions of profits to shareholders. In support of its case, the 1st
plaintiff argues that the defendant is precluded, under the doctrine of issue
estoppel, from arguing the contrary because the consent judgment had already
decided that the expression “dividends and profits” referred to, or at least
included, “unofficial payouts”. Further, counsel for the 1st plaintiff, Mr
Johnson Loo submits that even if estoppel does not strictly arise to bar the
defendant’s present position, the 1st plaintiff is nevertheless justified in
interpreting the consent judgment in this manner under the principles of
contractual interpretation.

10 As for the exact sum the consent judgment requires the defendant to account
for, the 1st plaintiff’s position has shifted in the course of the assessment
hearing. In his opening statement, Mr Loo, submitted that a sum of
$1,745,539.06 was due from the defendant to the 1st plaintiff pursuant to the
consent judgment. It is interesting to note how this sum was derived. As
mentioned, the 1st plaintiff engaged a forensic accountant, Mr Aw Eng Hai
(“the plaintiff’s expert”), to pore through the accounting documents of Tri-
Nexus to identify payments or expenses that were not incurred “in the ordinary
course of business”.

11 These are the payments and/or expenses which the plaintiff’s expert
considers not to have been incurred in the ordinary course of business:

(a) $2,177,000 to PDP International and PDP Technology Pte Ltd (collectively,
“PDP”) pursuant to invoices rendered by PDP;

(b) $323,000 to a Hong Kong company, Emerald;

(c) $3,721 in travel expenses pursuant to invoices issued by Misa Travel Pte
Ltd for air tickets for one Mr Cheng Sim Hup, one Mr Chung Teong Meng and the
defendant;

(d) $360,590 to Trefoil Engineering Pte Ltd (“Trefoil”);

(e) $2,996 and $1,200 for the renovation of properties owned by one Mark Roach
and one Peter Vincent respectively;

(f) $211,000 to M/s Leo Fernando for the defendant’s and Soh’s legal fees in
relation to the trial on liability in the present action, as well as the
criminal investigations against them;

(g) $1,706,000 to the defendant and Soh as directors’ fees;

(h) $480,000 to the defendant as director’s salary;

(i) $65,000 to the defendant as director’s bonus;

(j) $72,000 as salary to one Chan Siok Fung (“Chan”), Tri-Nexus’ finance
manager and the defendant’s sister;

(k) $123,206.19 to the defendant, Soh and/or Chan as reimbursements for non-
work related expenses.

This amounts to a total of $5,525,713.19.

12 Mr Loo submitted that the defendant and/or Soh have siphoned profits out of
Tri-Nexus _via_ these wrongful payments and expenses, artificially deflating
Tri-Nexus’s profits and thereby depriving the 1st plaintiff of its rightful
share of the profits and dividends of Tri-Nexus. To determine the actual level
of Tri-Nexus’s profits during the relevant period, the payments and expenses
not incurred in the ordinary course of Tri-Nexus’s business have to be added
back to Tri-Nexus’s balance sheet profits of $2,829,904, arriving at a total
of $8,335,617.19. Mr Loo submitted that a third of these “adjusted profits”
amounting to $2,778,539.06 rightfully belong to the 1st plaintiff as
shareholder. Thus, to calculate the sum which the defendant has to account to
the 1st plaintiff for under the consent judgment, this sum should be taken as
the starting point, and the profits that the 1st plaintiff has already
received (_ie_ , $1,033,000: see [27(b)] below) should be deducted to arrive
at the sum $1,745,539.06. Indeed, this was the approach which was adopted by
the plaintiff’s expert.

13 The flaw of this approach in calculating the 1st plaintiff’s rights to
“dividends and profits” was immediately apparent to the defendant and to the
court. To begin with, it is clear that based on the 1st plaintiff’s own
calculations, there were some payments which were made to third parties that
did not appear to have ended up in the defendant’s hands. Mr Loo could not
explain why such payments received by third parties, including Soh (who is not
a party to the action), could constitute “dividends and profits” for which the
defendant is accountable to the 1st plaintiff.

14 After some probing and questioning from the court, Mr Loo eventually
reframed his case and limited the quantum of the 1st plaintiff’s claim to half
of payments that were either _received by the defendant_ , or which are
unaccounted for and _believed to have been received by the defendant_.

15 Accordingly, the 1st plaintiff revised its claim. It now seeks half of the
following sums, which it submits are sums the defendant had received from Tri-
Nexus that have not been properly accounted for:

(a) $480,000, being excess director’s salary paid to the defendant;

(b) $65,000, being excess director’s bonus paid to the defendant;

(c) $425,000, being excess profits by way of director’s fees paid to the
defendant above and beyond what he was entitled to pursuant to the parties’
agreement to distribute profits of $1.033m to each shareholder (see [27(b)]
below);

(d) $29,000 paid to PDP, being the remainder of the PDP payments that have not
been accounted for;

(e) $323,000 paid to Emerald, being sums which are unaccounted for and are
believed to have been received by the defendant;

(f) $360,590 paid to Trefoil, being sums which are unaccounted for and are
believed to have been received by the defendant.

This amounts to a total of $1,682,590, half of which is $841,295.

16 The 1st plaintiff’s case is that the above sums received or believed to
have been received by the defendant, notwithstanding their descriptions, were
in reality distributed profits received by the defendant during the relevant
period pursuant to his registered shareholding in Tri-Nexus. Thus, as the 1st
plaintiff was the equitable owner of half (60,000) of the defendant's
registered shares, it is rightfully entitled to half of the sums received by
the defendant as its share of the “dividends and/or profits” and the defendant
ought to be required to account for this sum. To make good this case theory,
the 1st plaintiff accepts that it has the burden of demonstrating:

(a) First, that paras 4 and 5 of the consent judgment can bear the distinctive
meaning it is advancing, _ie_ that “dividends and profits” includes unofficial
payouts for all purposes.

(b) Second, the payments to Trefoil and Emerald were in truth _received by the
defendant_ (even if on the face of the transactions, they were paid to Trefoil
and Emerald).

(c) Finally, that all these payments were received by the defendant as
_profits pursuant to his registered shareholding in Tri-Nexus_ , half of which
belongs to the 1st plaintiff, to whom he must give an account.

Issues

17 Having outlined the parties’ respective positions, the following legal and
factual issues arise for determination:

(a) What is the ordinary legal meaning of the clause “dividends and profits
that the 1st plaintiff is entitled to pursuant to the shareholding [of the
60,000 Tri-Nexus shares] equitably owned by the 1st plaintiff” as found in
para 4 of the consent judgment?

(b) Does the consent judgment give rise to an issue estoppel that “dividends
and profits” in the consent judgment includes unofficial payouts received by
the defendant _qua_ shareholder?

(c) If issue estoppel does not arise, do the principles of contractual
interpretation nevertheless justify interpreting the consent judgment as
entitling the 1st plaintiff to an account of all unofficial payouts received
by the defendant _qua_ shareholder?

(d) If the distinctive meaning of “dividends and profits” advanced by the
plaintiff is accepted, did the defendant receive any “dividends and profits”
_qua_ shareholder-trustee of the 1st plaintiff’s 60,000 Tri-Nexus shares?

What constitutes “dividends and profits”?

18 As a starting point, the term “dividends” in the context of a company is a
term of art ordinarily capable of a specific legal meaning. As the House of
Lords observed in _Soden and another v British & Commonwealth Holdings Plc and
another_ [1998] 1 AC 298 at 309G, “the meaning of dividends is clear, [it
refers to]…the profits _declared_ to be distributed to members” [emphasis
added]. This is not disputed by Mr Loo. The upshot of the 1st plaintiff’s case
is that the phrase “dividends and profits” should not be interpreted in the
strict legal sense but should instead include “unofficial payouts” which would
not ordinarily be classified as “dividends and profits”.

19 The heart of the present dispute pertains to the question of what
“dividends and profits” the 1st plaintiff is entitled to from the defendant
_qua_ trustee pursuant to its equitable shareholding of the 60,000 Tri-Nexus
shares. The answer to this question affects the scope of the defendant’s
obligation to provide an account to the 1st plaintiff. It would perhaps be
profitable to first establish the ordinary legal meaning which para 4 of the
consent judgment bears apart from the distinctive meaning which the 1st
plaintiff seeks to put forward in this case.

20 _Prima facie_ , any shareholder’s legal entitlement to dividends and
profits is governed by well-established principles of company law. As
submitted by counsel for the defendant, Ms Ho May Kim and accepted by Mr Loo,
the following propositions of law are uncontroversial:

(a) First, a shareholder generally has no direct right to the profits of a
company or to compel a company to divide the whole of its profits amongst its
shareholders: _Burland and others v Earle and others_ [1902] AC 83 at 95.

(b) Second, a shareholder only has a right to receive money from the company
when dividends are declared by the company in accordance with its articles of
association: _Bond v Barrow Haematite Steel Company_ [1902] 1 Ch 353 at 362,
_Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Rev 3rd
Ed, 2009) at paras 12.84–12.89.

(c) Third, unless the articles of the company state otherwise, the company
generally has no obligation to declare dividends: _Lim Kok Wah and others v
Lim Boh Yong and others and other matters_ [2015] SGHC 211 at [145].

(d) Fourth, the decision to declare dividends is a commercial decision of the
company which the courts are reluctant to interfere with unless bad faith or
improper purposes are demonstrated: _Lim Chee Twang v Chan Shuk Kuen Helina
and others_ [2010] 2 SLR 209 at [114].

21 Thus, ordinarily, a shareholder is only legally entitled to a share of the
company’s profits through dividends which have been declared by a company in
accordance with the company’s articles. This applies with equal force to an
equitable shareholder. Given that the defendant _qua_ trustee, as legal owner
of the shares, only has a right to receive profits by way of declared
dividends, it must follow that the 1st plaintiff _qua_ beneficiary
correspondingly only has a right to require the defendant to account for the
dividends he received.

22 Therefore, if the expression “dividends and profits” is interpreted in the
strict legal sense, the 1st plaintiff’s claim must fail since it is common
ground that no dividends were ever declared.

23 Mr Loo submits that the phrase “dividends and profits that the 1st
plaintiff is entitled to pursuant to [its equitable shareholding]” must be
understood in the context of the liability proceedings which led to the
consent judgment. He builds his case first on issue estoppel. He submits that,
under the consent judgment, the phrase “dividends and profits” has a
distinctive meaning. Thus, under the consent judgment, there are sums _apart
from officially declared dividends_ which the 1st plaintiff is entitled to
pursuant to its equitable shareholding, and which the defendant as trustee has
to account for and pay to the 1st plaintiff.

Issue estoppel arising from the consent judgment

1st Plaintiff’s case on issue estoppel

24 Before examining the applicable legal principles, it is important to set
out the precise case advanced by Mr Loo. He seeks to persuade this court that
the phrase “dividends and profits” found at para 4 of the consent judgment
does not bear its ordinary legal meaning. While it is not entirely clear what
distinctive meaning Mr Loo seeks to ascribe to the phrase “dividends and
profits” (as several meanings have been advanced: see [81] below), broadly
speaking, Mr Loo’s submission is that the phrase refers to or includes all
payouts made to the shareholders from the funds of Tri-Nexus irrespective of
whether they were formally declared as dividends. Mr Loo submits that, given
the consent judgment, the defendant is estopped from denying this.

25 To properly understand the 1st plaintiff’s case on how and why issue
estoppel has arisen for consideration in the assessment hearing, it is
important to briefly outline the issues and the respective parties’ positions
at the liability hearing. Tri-Nexus had an initial paid-up capital of $15,000
and it was common ground that the defendant, Soh, and the 1st plaintiff each
contributed $5,000 to that sum. 15,000 ordinary shares were issued and the
defendant and Soh each held 7,500 ordinary shares. Of the 7,500 shares, both
the defendant and Soh each held 2,500 shares on trust for the 1st plaintiff.
The dispute at trial pertained to the subsequent capital injection of $165,000
into Tri-Nexus which led to the issuance of 165,000 additional shares.
Following this capital injection, the shareholdings of the two registered
shareholders changed, with the defendant holding 120,000 shares and Soh
holding the balance 60,000 shares.

26 The defendant claimed that the $165,000 capital injection came solely from
his and Soh’s own funds. If this was correct, the 1st plaintiff’s equitable
shareholding would have been diluted from one-third (5,000 out of 15,000
shares) to 2.77% (5,000 out of 180,000 shares). The defendant claimed that the
injection of $165,000 came from two cheques issued by Soh. However, the 1st
plaintiff claimed that the $165,000 came entirely from Tri-Nexus’s profits
which were equally distributed to the three shareholders (each of them
received $55,000), albeit through unofficial means (through a payment of
$165,000 against an invoice issued by PDP International). It is important to
note that the 1st plaintiff did not plead that the “dividends” of $165,000 (or
any other dividends distributed by Tri-Nexus) were _unofficially distributed_.
On the contrary, the statement of claim gives the impression that the
dividends were officially _declared_. The significance of this will be
considered below. According to the 1st plaintiff, the parties had agreed that
the sum of $165,000 would be re-injected into Tri-Nexus, increasing the paid
up share capital to $180,000. The three shareholders would then be entitled to
60,000 shares each. The parties also agreed that the defendant would hold
120,000 shares of which 60,000 shares would be held on trust for the 1st
plaintiff. On that premise, the 1st plaintiff claimed half of all “dividends
and profits” the defendant received from Tri-Nexus. At the trial, the
defendant took the position that since no dividend of $165,000 was ever
officially declared, the 1st plaintiff could not have contributed to the
increased share capital.

27 With that background in mind, I now outline the main strands of Mr Loo’s
submissions in the assessment hearing:

(a) First, the order that the defendant transfer 60,000 Tri-Nexus shares to
the 1st plaintiff (para 1 of the consent judgment) recognises the 1st
plaintiff’s equitable ownership of the said shares. In light of this
recognition, the defendant must have conceded (as was the 1st plaintiff’s case
at trial) that a third of the $165,000 injected into Tri-Nexus should be
credited to the 1st plaintiff. Given the facts as they were, this was only
possible if the defendant had also conceded that the money injected back into
Tri-Nexus came from unofficial payouts distributed to the shareholders (_via_
PDP International), of which the 1st plaintiff was entitled to a third. Thus,
by conceding to the 1st plaintiff’s equitable ownership of the 60,000 shares,
the defendant must be taken to have conceded that the 1st plaintiff, as one-
third shareholder, was entitled to a third of all unofficial payouts
distributed to shareholders and not just to declared dividends.

(b) Second, at the liability trial, it was common ground that there was an
agreed profit distribution of $1.033m to each shareholder by Tri-Nexus. This
distribution was made _via_ several false PDP invoices as well as directors’
fees paid to the defendant and Soh. The 1st plaintiff relies on the payments
through the PDP invoices and director’s fees as further evidence that Tri-
Nexus had previously distributed profits to its shareholders _via_ unofficial
payments. Thus, Mr Loo submits that the defendant acknowledged and was fully
aware of Tri-Nexus’s _modus operandi_ in relation to the distribution of
profits (and in fact orchestrated it).

28 Based on the arguments outlined above, Mr Loo submits that the distinctive
meaning of _“dividends and profits”_ contended for by the 1st plaintiff, _ie_
that it includes all unofficial payouts received by shareholders in addition
to officially declared dividends, is a fundamental issue which was necessarily
“concluded [in the 1st plaintiff’s favour] by the consent judgment”. In the
present assessment hearing, the defendant does not deny the 1st plaintiff’s
equitable ownership of the 60,000 Tri-Nexus shares, nor does he deny that
there was a distribution of $1.033m of Tri-Nexus’s profits to each of the
three shareholders. Thus, according to Mr Loo, it must follow that the
defendant accepts that Tri-Nexus has had a history of distributing profits in
a manner which is not strictly in accordance with its articles.

29 Ms Ho, however, disputes that the consent judgment is capable of giving
rise to an issue estoppel as regards the meaning of “profits and dividends”
under para 4 of the consent judgment.

The doctrine of issue estoppel

30 Before examining the operation of issue estoppel in the unique context of a
consent judgment, it would be helpful to first consider how it operates in a
situation when the court renders a final and binding decision on the merits.
The applicable principles extracted from this analysis will have a bearing on
the operation of the doctrine in the context of a consent judgment.

31 Issue estoppel operates when an issue of fact or law was _necessarily
decided and concluded_ in favour of one party in the earlier proceedings, and
precludes the same issues from being reopened or submitted again for decision
in subsequent proceedings between the same parties: _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ vol 10 (LexisNexis, 2013 Reissue) at para 120.183, affirmed in
_Zhang Run Zi v Koh Kim Seng and another_ [2015] SGHC 175 (“ _Zhang Run Zi_ ”)
at [53].

32 The specific requirements that must be satisfied in order for a party to
invoke the doctrine of issue estoppel are well-established. They have been
laid down by the Court of Appeal in _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management
Corporation of Strata Title Plan No 301_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 (“ _Lee Tat 2005_
”) at [14]:

(a) there must be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits of the issue
which is said to be the subject of an issue estoppel;

(b) the judgment has to be by a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c) there must be identity between the parties to the two actions that are
being compared; and

(d) there must be an identity of the subject matter in the two proceedings.

This test has been applied in, _inter alia_ , _Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong
(Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign Trade Co Ltd and another and
another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 at [165], and recently in _Zhang Run Zi_
at [54].

33 Of particular significance, for present purposes, is the question as to how
a court determines what was necessarily decided in a previous decision, and
whether there is identity of subject matter. On this issue, the High Court in
_Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“ _Goh Nellie_ ”)
helpfully distilled what this requirement entails. At [34]–[39] of _Goh
Nellie_ , Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) outlined the “discrete
conceptual strands” that the identity of subject matter requirement
encapsulates.

34 First, the issues must be identical in the sense that the prior decision
must traverse the same ground as the subsequent proceedings and the facts and
circumstances giving rise to the earlier decision must not have changed or
should be incapable of change (_Goh Nellie_ at [34]). In that case, the
court’s concern was that there may be certain findings of fact which may have
to be revised in the light of new circumstances which are present at the time
of the subsequent proceedings.

35 Second, the previous determination must have been fundamental and not
merely collateral to the previous decision so that the decision could not
stand without that determination (_Goh Nellie_ at [35]). On this point, citing
_Blair v Curran_ (1939) 62 CLR 464, the court drew a distinction between
issues which are “no more than steps in a process of reasoning”, and those
which are “so cardinal” that the decision “cannot stand without them” (_Goh
Nellie_ at [37]). Menon JC acknowledged that the distinction was a difficult
one, and recommended that in cases which are not clear-cut, recourse be had to
the principles underlying the doctrine of _res judicata_ (_Goh Nellie_ at
[37]):

… the assessment of which side of the line an issue falls should be approached
from a commonsensical perspective, balancing between the important public
interest in securing finality and in ensuring that the same issues are not
repeatedly litigated on one hand, and on the other, the private interest in
not foreclosing a litigant from arguing an issue which, in substance, was not
the central issue decided by a previous court. …

36 Third, the issue should generally be shown to have been raised and argued.
Where, in previous proceedings, the point was neither raised nor argued, and
consequently, there was no actual investigation of the point, issue estoppel
would not apply, though the “extended” doctrine of _res judicata_ might. As
the Court of Appeal in _The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN
Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory Pte
Ltd and others, other parties) and another appeal_ [2015] SGCA 50 (“ _RBS v TT
International_ ”) recently clarified at [101], “[s]trictly speaking, cause of
action estoppel and issue estoppel apply only in situations where a litigant
seeks to re-argue points which have already been the subject of a previous
judicial decision in earlier proceedings between the same parties”. For
litigants who seek to “argue points which were not previously determined by a
court or tribunal because they were not brought to the attention of the court
or tribunal in the earlier proceedings even though they ought properly to have
been raised and argued then…the “extended” doctrine of _res judicata_ comes
in” (_RBS v TT International_ at [101]).

37 In my view, one theme that clearly emerges from _Goh Nellie_ is that when
courts are compelled to venture to the boundaries of the doctrine of _res
judicata_ and to decide whether it applies, consideration should ultimately be
given to the principles underlying the doctrine, that is, the public interest
of securing finality, weighed against the private interest of not impeding a
litigant who wishes to pursue his case in court (see _Goh Nellie_ at [37] and
[39]).

38 A final point that should be noted is that in determining which issues were
decided in previous proceedings, the court may “look not merely at the record
of the judgment relied on, but at the reasons for it, the pleadings, the
evidence…and if necessary other material to show what was the issue decided”:
_Carl Zeiss_ at 965, cited in _Goh Nellie_ at [42].

Issue estoppel in the context of consent judgments

39 There are two distinct legal questions which arise for consideration:
first, can a consent judgment ever give rise to issue estoppel given that
there is no “final and conclusive judgment _on the merits_ of the issue”; and,
second, if the answer is yes, what is the precise scope of that estoppel given
that no findings would have been made by the court?

Can a consent judgment give rise to issue estoppel?

40 In England, it is well-established that a consent judgment may give rise to
issue estoppel: see, _eg_ , _Khan v Golechha International Ltd_ [1980] 1 WLR
1482 (“ _Khan_ ”), _SCF Finance Co Ltd v Masri (No 3)_ [1987] 2 WLR 81 (“ _SCF
Finance_ ”). Until recently, that view did not appear to be controversial in
Singapore.

41 In _Goh Nellie_ at [29], the High Court opined that even if the order made
in previous proceedings was a consent order, “this would not prevent it
forming the basis of an issue estoppel so long as the order was final”. The
same position was adopted in _Jaidin bin Jaiman v Loganathan a/l Karpaya and
another_ [2013] 1 SLR 318 (“ _Jaidin bin Jaiman_ ”). A pillion rider sued both
a motorcyclist and the driver of the car for injuries he suffered in an
accident in which all three parties were involved. Prior to the suit commenced
by the pillion rider, judgment apportioning liability for the accident was
entered by consent in proceedings between the motorcyclist and the car driver
(the pillion rider was not involved). Under the consent judgment, the
motorcyclist was to bear 40% of the liability whilst the car driver was to
bear 60%. In deciding the separate claim brought by the pillion rider, one of
the issues the court had to deal with was whether the apportionment in the
consent judgment gave rise to issue estoppel as regards the issue of
apportionment of liability between the motorcyclist and the car driver for the
injuries caused to the pillion rider. In the course of answering that question
in the affirmative, the High Court affirmed the proposition that “[t]he fact
that an order is entered by consent would not prevent it forming the basis of
an issue estoppel as long as the order was final” (see [5]).

42 Thus, both _Goh Nellie_ and _Jaidin bin Jaiman_ recognise that a consent
judgment can give rise to issue estoppel. I should also mention that the Court
of Appeal expressly recognised, in _Poh Huat Heng Corp Pte Ltd and others v
Hafizul Islam Kofil Uddin_ [2012] 3 SLR 1003 (“ _Poh Huat Heng_ ”) at [18],
that “a judgment or order obtained by consent is final and can form the basis
for the application of the doctrine of _res judicata_ ”. Ms Ho however brought
my attention to a recent decision of the High Court in _Low Heng Leon Andy v
Law Kian Beng Lawrence (administrator of the estate of Tan Ah Kng, deceased)_
[2013] 3 SLR 710 (“ _Low Andy_ ”) which appears to cast doubt on the
correctness of this view.

43 In _Low Andy_ , the defendant had previously commenced proceedings pursuant
to O 81 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) for immediate
possession of the HDB flat which the plaintiff was residing in. The plaintiff
did not have title to the flat. The O 81 originating summons was settled and
consent judgment was entered on terms which required the plaintiff to deliver
vacant possession of the flat and for the defendant to abandon any claims
against the plaintiff arising from the plaintiff’s occupation of the flat.
Subsequently, the plaintiff commenced an action against the defendant claiming
for monetary compensation (rather than any sort of proprietary interest in the
flat) on the basis of _proprietary estoppe_ l. The High Court had to decide,
_inter alia_ , whether the consent judgment gave rise to an issue estoppel
which precluded the plaintiff from claiming an interest in the flat. The
defendant argued that the consent judgment had determined the defendant’s
entitlement to vacant possession of the flat and hence issue estoppel arose to
preclude the plaintiff from asserting any interest in the flat, whether based
on proprietary estoppel or otherwise.

44 In analysing the question of issue estoppel, the High Court referred to the
requirements for establishing issue estoppel laid down in _Goh Nellie_ , which
cited _Lee Tat 2005_ , and observed that the only requirement in issue on the
facts was whether the consent judgment was a final and conclusive judgment on
the merits of the originating summons (_Low Andy_ at [49]). The High Court in
_Low Andy_ reasoned as follows:

(a) First, the court emphasised that the consent judgment was a “contractual
consent order” which was entered into by agreement between the parties, and
which terms were not altered by the deputy registrar (_Low Andy_ at [50],
[51], and [53]).

(b) Second, the court held that in making the consent order, there was “no
final decision on the merits of the O 81 Application” (_Low Andy_ at [54]).
The deputy registrar “could not be said to have applied his mind to the case
to ascertain whether the application or the prayers sought should be granted.”
Instead, he “was merely recording the terms agreed upon by the parties in the
form of a consent order” (_Low Andy_ at [54]).

(c) Third, the court held that “in relation to contractual consent orders,
whether an issue is allowed to be re-litigated is determined by…the principles
of contract law rather than issue estoppel” (_Low Andy_ at [54]). Thus, the
court held that issue estoppel was not a relevant doctrine in the context of
consent orders (_Low Andy_ at [55]).

45 It bears mention that, in line with _Low Andy_ , the High Court also
recently held, in _Soh Lay Lian Cherlyn v Kok Mui Eng_ [2015] SGHC 196 (“ _Soh
Lay Lian Cherlyn_ ”), that a consent judgment could not give rise to issue
estoppel because it did not constitute a final and conclusive judgment on the
merits (at [11]). The court also opined that _Jaidin bin Jaiman_ had been
wrongly decided because it had failed to consider the decision of the Court of
Appeal in _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title
Plan No 301_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 875 (“ _Lee Tat 2009_ ”) wherein it was stated at
[82] that issue estoppel did not apply to an issue “which has never been
decided on the merits”.

46 I shall consider each strand of the court’s reasoning in _Low Andy_ to
determine if it justifies the conclusion that the doctrine of issue estoppel
is inapplicable in the context of consent judgments before examining the
reasoning in _Soh Lay Lian Cherlyn_. Given that the starting point of the
reasoning in _Low Andy_ was the requirement of a “final and conclusive
judgment on the merits” as stated in _Lee Tat 2005_ , it is perhaps helpful to
commence the analysis from that perspective.

47 In _Lee Tat 2005_ , the crux of the dispute concerned the extent to which
residents of a condominium development had an easement over a neighbouring
plot of land. The 2005 proceedings was the third round of litigation between
the parties over the same easement. The main issue before the Court of Appeal
in _Lee Tat 2005_ was whether the appellant’s claims in that round of
litigation were barred by issue estoppel arising from the judgments delivered
in the previous 1989 proceedings.

48 In this context, the Court of Appeal in its majority judgment laid down the
requirements that must be met to establish issue estoppel (_Lee Tat 2005_ at
[14]). A closer reading of the decision in _Lee Tat 2005_ would reveal that
what was really in contention was whether the requirement of identity of
subject matter was met. The other requirements of a “final and conclusive
judgment on the merits”, “court of a competent jurisdiction”, and “identity
between the parties” were expediently disposed of and found to be present on
the facts (_Lee Tat 2005_ at [14]). Specifically, if the court’s treatment of
whether there was a “final and conclusive judgment on the merits” is closely
examined, it would appear that the court was satisfied that the requirement
was met because “[t]he judgments relied upon were those in the 1989
proceedings”, which, being judgments handed down by the High Court and then
the Court of Appeal, were undoubtedly “final and conclusive judgment[s] on the
merits”. The Court of Appeal in _Lee Tat 2005_ did not specifically direct its
mind to the question whether a _consent judgment_ could ever constitute a
“final and conclusive judgment on the merits”, and if not, whether that
necessarily precludes issue estoppel from arising.

49 The same may be said of _Lee Tat 2009_ , which was cited in _Soh Lay Lian
Cherlyn_ as authority for the proposition that a consent judgment did not give
rise to issue estoppel because it was not a judgment on the merits (see [45]
above). There, the Court of Appeal had to consider whether the issue claimed
to be the subject of issue estoppel had actually been decided by the courts
which heard the preceding three sets of proceedings involving the same
parties. It is pertinent to note that in _none_ of those previous actions
involved a consent judgment. Thus, the Court never addressed its mind to the
specific question of whether a consent judgment is capable of giving rise to
issue estoppel and its observation that issue estoppel is only engaged when a
matter has been “decided on the merits” cannot be taken to be conclusive of
the question whether a consent judgment can give rise to issue estoppel.

50 I now turn to consider the court’s reasoning in _Low Andy_ proper. First,
the court found that the consent judgment in that case was a “contractual
consent order”. While it is not entirely clear at first glance what the term
means, some illumination may be gained from the distinction the court drew
between the situation in _Khan_ where the consent judgment was reached because
one party “thought that his case was unsustainable” and “threw in his hand”,
and the situation where a consent order was entered into after negotiations
“by agreement between the parties” (_Low Andy_ at [51] and [53]). It appears
that the High Court in _Low Andy_ considered that a consent judgment entered
on the basis of a concession on the merits by one party could give rise to
issue estoppel, and was “markedly different from a consent order entered into
by agreement” (_Low Andy_ at [51]).

51 With respect, I have some difficulties with this distinction. First, there
is typically scant or no evidence before the court, as in the present case, as
to how or why the parties reached the agreement on the consent judgment. Short
of an outright acknowledgment by one party that his case is unsustainable as
in _Khan_ , the court would be required to investigate into the motives and
reasons for the apparent concessions one party makes in the consent judgment,
and whether it stems from an acknowledgment of the weaknesses on the merits.
This was precisely what happened in _Soh Lay Lian Cherlyn_ at [14]–[15] when
the court embarked on an examination of the evidence adduced through the
lawyers acting for the parties to ascertain the reasons why the consent
judgment was entered into. If a consent judgment is final and binding between
the parties, it would not be appropriate to probe the intentions of the
parties or the reasons for agreeing to the consent judgment except for the
purposes of _setting aside_ the consent order (see [52] below). This may well
lead to further disputes especially if the parties have different or unspoken
reasons for doing so. Second, it is difficult to see why a consent judgment
entered into because one party acknowledged the weaknesses in his case is a
“decision on the merits” whereas a consent judgment entered into for other
reasons (such as commercial expediency or lack of funds) is not. In either
case, the _court_ does not apply its mind to the merits of the action. Third,
the distinction between a “contractual consent order” and a non-contractual
consent order would be a difficult one to draw. It is not clear from _Low
Andy_ if only an outright concession before the court on the merits of the
case would render a consent order “non-contractual”. Must there be an
“exchange” or consideration apparent on the face of the consent order in order
for it to be “contractual”? What if one party consents not because he concedes
the merits, but because he assesses that the litigation is no longer worth his
while?

52 I clarify, however, that the distinction between a contractual and non-
contractual consent order may be relevant in the context of an application to
set aside a consent order. In such a situation, a _contractual_ consent order
cannot be set aside in the absence of a vitiating factor – see _Siebe Gorman &
Co Ltd v Pneupac Ltd_ [1982] 1 WLR 185 at 189, cited with approval in _Bakery
Mart Pte Ltd v Ng Wei Teck Michael and others_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 28 at [12].
Therefore, in deciding whether a consent order can be set aside, it is
necessary for the court to first determine the nature of the consent order,
_ie_ whether it is contractual or otherwise. With respect, such an inquiry is
not relevant in the context of issue estoppel.

53 In my view, relying on the _provenance_ of a consent judgment to determine
whether an issue may be re-litigated pays insufficient regard to the
principles underlying the doctrine of _res judicata_ (_ie_ interest in
finality of litigation against the interest of litigants to have the full
opportunity to litigate their case), which should guide the inquiry. It also
overlooks the point that the key distinguishing characteristic of a consent
judgment is that it was entered into by consent (regardless of _why_ the
parties consented to the judgment), rather than after a _judicial_
determination of the merits.

54 A rejection of the distinction between a contractual and non-contractual
consent order in the context of _res judicata_ may not necessarily lead to the
conclusion that consent orders can give rise to issue estoppel. This perhaps
leads to a consideration of the second salient point made by the court in _Low
Andy_ — that the court, in recording a consent judgment, does not apply its
mind to the _merits_ of the action and, hence, does not make a final decision
on the merits. Insofar as this observation recognises the reality that the
court in a consent judgment does not judicially apply its mind to and
pronounce on the merits of the case, I fully agree. I also agree that courts
would be hard pressed to describe a consent judgment as a “final and
conclusive judgment of the merits” as _Lee Tat_ appears to require. However,
in my view, I do not think this _necessarily_ precludes a consent judgment
from giving rise to issue estoppel.

55 It may be argued that if a consent judgment is deemed a “final and
conclusive judgment of the merits” for the purposes of cause of action
estoppel (in that it precludes the cause of action which it settles from being
re-litigated), the same should apply to issue estoppel. However, this is where
the third strand of the reasoning in _Low Andy_ comes in. The High Court
explained that parties to a consent judgment may not re-litigate the cause of
action settled therein because of principles of contract law and the doctrine
of merger, rather than the doctrine of _res judicata_ which requires a final
and conclusive judgment on the merits. In support of this line of reasoning,
the court relied on two Singapore authorities, _Indian Overseas Bank v
Motorcycle Industries (1973) Pte Ltd and others_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 841 and _Woo
Koon Chee v Scandinavian Boiler Service (Asia) Pte Ltd and others_ [2010] 4
SLR 1213 (“ _Woo Koon Chee_ ”), for the proposition that once parties have
compromised a suit in a settlement agreement (which is no more than a contract
between the parties), the original cause of action would cease to exist. This
merger or supersession of the original cause of action takes place once the
settlement agreement is entered into between the parties and does not depend
on a consent judgment for its efficacy. Thus, the point made in _Low Andy_ is
that a cause of action ceases to exist following a consent judgment not
because the consent judgment is a “final and conclusive judgment on the
merits” (hence triggering the operation of _res judicata_), but simply because
it is effectively a settlement agreement which supersedes the cause of action
according to ordinary principles of contract law.

56 While the reasoning adopted in _Low Andy_ does present a coherent narrative
of the legal operation and effect of a consent judgment, I am of the view that
this, on its own, does not provide an exhaustive explanation of how a consent
judgment truly operates. In my view, while a consent judgment may not,
strictly speaking, be a “final and conclusive judgment on the merits”, it is
nevertheless capable of forming the basis for the application of the doctrine
of _res judicata_ and giving rise to cause of action estoppel as well as issue
estoppel as was held in _Poh Huat Heng_ (see [42] above).

57 First, as discussed above, there are several local authorities such as _Goh
Nellie_ and _Jaidin bin Jaiman_ which have held that as long as a consent
judgment is _final_ , it is capable of forming the basis of an issue estoppel.
The logical extension of this must be that a _judgment on the merits_ is not
necessary for issue estoppel (or _res judicata_ more broadly) to apply as long
it is _final_.

58 I note that in _Soh Lay Lian Cherlyn_ , the court doubted the decision in
_Jaidin bin Jaiman_ not only on the ground that there was no final and
conclusive judgment on the merits but also on the basis that the requirement
of an identity of parties had not been satisfied because the first action,
unlike the second, did not involve the pillion rider. With respect, I think
this objection takes too technical an approach to the requirement of an
identity of parties. As was succinctly explained in _Goh Nellie_ at [33], the
focus of the inquiry into the identity of the parties is whether “the
_principal players_ in both _actions_ … are effectively identical” [emphasis
added]. In _Jaidin bin Jaiman_ , the principal players — as far as the
question of _liability_ for the accident was concerned — were always the
driver of the car and the motorcyclist. The pillion rider was both literally
and figuratively a mere “passenger” who did not contribute to the accident at
all. Thus, insofar as the key question of the apportionment of liability
between the two parties who caused the accident, the requirement of identity
of parties in both actions had been met, paving the way for a finding that
issue estoppel had arisen to prevent the issue of apportionment from being re-
litigated.

59 Second, there is clearly an important distinction to be drawn between a
mere settlement agreement, and a settlement agreement which is then
“incorporated as a consent judgment or order of the court” (_Woo Koon Chee_ at
[14]). While the Court of Appeal in _Woo Koon Chee_ was concerned with the
mechanics of enforcing a settlement agreement as opposed to a consent
judgment, it is undeniable that the court recognised that a consent judgment
was not a mere contract between the parties, but was instead a judgment or
order of the court which consequently could be directly enforced without
instituting a fresh action (_Woo Koon Chee_ at [14]). At least for the
purposes of enforcing a consent judgment, the court opined that “[i]t should
make no difference whether a judgment or order was made by the court pursuant
to a contested hearing or by consent of the parties” (_Woo Koon Chee_ at
[14]).

60 Third, the principles underlying the doctrine of _res judicata_ compel the
conclusion that issue estoppel can arise from a consent judgment. The
principle that issues which were necessarily resolved and decided by a final
judgment in previous litigation should not be re-litigated applies with equal
force when a consent judgment is entered. It should make no difference whether
a final decision was obtained through a judicial examination and pronouncement
on the merits, or whether a final decision was obtained by the consent of the
parties. In both cases, there is a real interest in disallowing the same
issues which were raised and argued in previous proceedings from being re-
litigated after being recorded as a court judgment. A party who has consented
to a particular outcome on the merits cannot be said to be more deserving of a
chance to re-litigate the issues that must have necessarily been “decided” in
the other party’s favour under the consent judgment.

61 Ultimately, as was observed in _Goh Nellie_ at [37], in deciding whether an
issue was “cardinal” or “merely collateral” to the judgment delivered, the
court will have regard to both “the important public interest in securing
finality and in ensuring that the same issues are not repeatedly litigated on
one hand, and on the other, the private interest in not foreclosing a litigant
from arguing an issue which, in substance, was not the central issue decided
by a previous court.”

62 Finally, it should be borne in mind that if a party does not wish to pursue
the litigation any further, it is always open for it to negotiate a settlement
agreement and a withdrawal of the suit (as opposed to a dismissal by consent
as was the case in _SCF Finance_ – see para [70] and [71] below) without any
consent judgment being entered. In that situation, issue estoppel would not be
applicable and the terms of the settlement agreement would indeed be construed
as a contract and no more.

63 To conclude the discussion on _Low Andy_ , it should be noted that the
applicability of the doctrine of _res judicata_ in the context of a consent
judgment does not preclude the _concurrent_ operation of the principles of
contract law. In other words, the principles of contract law and the doctrine
of _res judicata_ are not mutually exclusive. A consent judgment may be
construed as being both a contract and a judgment in law, attracting both the
operation of contractual principles and the doctrine of _res judicata_. I
should add that the court’s holding in _Low Andy_ that issue estoppel did not
arise from the consent judgment was not pivotal to its decision since
proprietary estoppel was not raised in the earlier O 81 proceedings. Thus, the
requirement of identity of subject matter between the two proceedings would
not have been satisfied in any event.

Scope of issue estoppel arising from a consent judgment

64 As mentioned above at [31], issue estoppel operates when an issue of fact
or law was _necessarily decided and concluded_ in favour of one party in
earlier proceedings. Ordinarily, when a court comes to a decision on the
merits of the case, its grounds should identify the issues which were
necessarily decided and concluded in order for the final outcome to be
reached. However, where a consent judgment is concerned, this is not a
straightforward task. Indeed, this is the essence of the dispute between the
parties in the present proceedings.

65 Determining the scope of issue estoppel ultimately feeds into the analysis
of whether the identity of subject matter requirement is met. In my view, the
same approach to determining the scope of issue estoppel should be applied
irrespective of whether the judgment was entered by consent or otherwise. In
this regard, the key inquiry is to determine which issues were necessarily
decided and concluded in the previous proceedings. Once that is determined, it
should then become sufficiently clear whether the issues in the present
proceedings are identical to the issues that were decided in the previous
proceedings.

66 On this question, I agree with _Goh Nellie_ that only issues which are
“fundamental and not merely collateral to the previous decision so that the
decision could not stand without that determination” will be covered by issue
estoppel (_Goh Nellie_ at [35]). However, it should be noted that the judgment
need not contain an explicit finding on the issue for issue estoppel to arise.
There have been cases, such as _Jaidin bin Jaiman_ , where the issue claimed
to be the subject of issue estoppel (apportionment of liability in that case)
was expressly stated on the face of the consent judgment. However, the English
authorities suggest that this is not always necessary for issue estoppel to
arise. The determination of the issue may be _implicit_ from the judgment.

67 In the case of _In re South American and Mexican Company, ex parte Bank of
England_ [1895] 1 Ch 37 (“ _Re South American_ ”), the bank sued a company on
an agreement under which the company agreed to pay another company’s debt in
four instalments. At the time of those proceedings, the first instalment had
been paid and the second instalment was due. The company denied the existence
of the underlying agreement. Subsequently, the parties entered into a consent
judgment ordering the company to pay the bank the second instalment. In
consenting to the judgment, the company’s counsel stated in court that “[i]t
must not be supposed that, if the case had gone on, I should have acquiesced
in the view of the case presented by my learned friend…”. The company was then
wound up and the bank filed a proof of debt for the full outstanding debt
under the agreement. The liquidator took the position that the consent
judgment only proved the debt owing under the second instalment, but not the
third or fourth instalments.

68 The English Court of Appeal had to decide, _inter alia_ , whether the
existence of the underlying agreement to repay the sums owed was an issue
decided in the consent judgment, and hence the subject of issue estoppel. The
liquidators argued that the judgment only decided the company’s liability for
the second instalment. In finding that the liquidators were indeed estopped
from re-litigating the issue of whether there was an underlying agreement to
repay the sums due thereunder, Lord Herschell LC said (at 50):

… The truth is, _a judgment by consent is intended to put a stop to litigation
between the parties just as much as is a judgment which results from the
decision of the Court after the matter has been fought out to the end_. And I
think it would be very mischievous if one were not to give a fair and
reasonable interpretation to such judgments, and were to allow questions that
were really involved in the action to be fought over again in a subsequent
action. [emphasis added]

69 Lord Herschell emphasised that a “fair and reasonable interpretation” was
to be given to the consent judgment and that issues which were “really
involved in the action” could not be re-litigated. Thus, even though the
consent judgment only expressly decided that the company had an obligation to
pay the bank the second instalment of the loan, the court found that the
consent judgment must also have necessarily decided the existence of the
underlying agreement to repay all four instalments of the loan.

70 A dismissal by consent is also regarded as a consent judgment for the
purposes of issue estoppel. In _SCF Finance_ , the plaintiff had obtained a
Mareva injunction against the defendant, and one of the assets which was
subject to the injunction was a dollar bank account in the name of the
defendant’s wife. The wife applied to have the injunction set aside insofar as
it related to the dollar account on the ground that she, and not the
defendant, was the beneficial owner. Without withdrawing the application, the
wife decided not to proceed with it. She stated through counsel that she did
not concede the issue of ownership of the dollar account and expressly
reserved that issue. Her application was thus _dismissed_ by consent. The
plaintiff eventually succeeded in his claim against the husband and applied
for a garnishee order against the dollar account to execute the judgment. The
wife opposed the garnishee on the ground that she was the owner of the dollar
account. The question before the court was whether the wife was precluded by
issue estoppel arising out of the dismissal of her application to vary the
Mareva injunction from asserting her ownership of the dollar account in the
garnishee proceedings.

71 In this regard, the court came to the view that the ownership of the dollar
account must have been finally determined by the dismissal of the wife’s
previous application because a decision on the issue, one way or the other,
was a necessary step to the decision which the court would have had to make if
the court had proceeded to hear the application on the merits (_SCF Finance_
at 99H). The court further held that the attempt to expressly reserve the
issue of ownership was ineffective on the facts (_SCF Finance_ at 100E). Thus,
even in a dismissal of an application by consent, the necessary steps leading
to the dismissal, though not expressly stated, may be the subject of issue
estoppel.

72 With these principles in mind, I now consider whether on the facts of the
present case, an issue estoppel can be said to have arisen in respect of the
meaning of “dividends and profits” in para 4 of the consent judgment.

Did the consent judgment decide that “dividends and profits” should bear a
special meaning?

73 As I had observed at [64] above, identifying the issues which were
necessarily decided and concluded in a consent judgment is not an easy task.
Here, it is particularly complex. The 1st plaintiff’s submission in effect is
that the defendant’s recognition of the 1st plaintiff’s equitable ownership of
the shares under para 1 of the consent judgment necessarily, though impliedly,
entailed an acceptance that “dividends and profits” in para 4 of the consent
judgment bears a meaning which is different from its strict legal meaning. To
the best of my knowledge, the doctrine of issue estoppel has never been
invoked in aid of such a construction. I will hence examine this novel
application from first principles.

74 For issue estoppel to arise, the 1st plaintiff must be able to show that
its interpretation of “dividends and profits that the 1st Plaintiff is
entitled to pursuant to the shareholding equitably owned by the 1st Plaintiff”
under para 4 of the consent judgment was an issue that was _necessarily
decided and concluded_ by the consent judgment itself. In my view, Mr Loo’s
submissions on this point do not quite hit the mark.

75 I first deal with Mr Loo’s submission that because it was common ground at
the liability trial that there was an unofficial profit distribution of
$1.033m to each shareholder, issue estoppel therefore now bars the defendant
from denying that “dividends and profits” in para 4 of the consent judgment
refers to _all_ unofficial payouts _for all purposes_. In my view, this
submission is flawed. The fact that the parties had agreed at trial that there
was an unofficial profit distribution of $1.033m does not necessarily entail
that they also agreed that the expression “dividends and profits” in the
consent judgment includes all unofficial payouts of profits howsoever arising.
In this regard, it is important to recognise that the profit distribution of
$1.033m to the three shareholders was not a “ _necessary step_ ” in reaching
the conclusion that the 1st plaintiff is a one-third shareholder of Tri-Nexus.
That this is so is borne out by the fact that the 1st plaintiff’s statement of
claim did not even plead the $1.033m payout. The most that can be said is that
the profit distribution of $1.033m was _evidence_ which supported the 1st
plaintiff’s case that _it was a one-third shareholder_. This is no longer
disputed by the defendant.

76 The other plank of Mr Loo’s submission is more attractive and merits closer
scrutiny. The argument is that in deciding that the 1st plaintiff is the
equitable owner of 60,000 Tri-Nexus shares, the consent judgment necessarily
decided that $55,000 of the $165,000 capital injection came from the 1st
plaintiff. The only way this could be the case was if the 1st plaintiff’s case
theory that the $55,000 was unofficially distributed profits that belonged to
it as one-third shareholder was true. Correspondingly, the defendant’s defence
that no dividends were due to the 1st plaintiff because none had been
officially declared must be unsustainable. A finding that the $55,000 was
distributed profits to the 1st plaintiff as shareholder even though it was not
properly declared as dividends was therefore a “ _necessary step_ ” in finding
that the 1st plaintiff was the owner of the 60,000 Tri-Nexus shares.

77 In my view, the highest Mr Loo can put the 1st plaintiff’s case is that the
consent judgment decided that the $55,000 was unofficially distributed as
profits to the 1st plaintiff, and hence, _in that one instance_ , the 1st
plaintiff received Tri-Nexus’s profits in an unofficial manner. However, it
does not follow that the consent judgment therefore _decided_ that, as between
the parties, the expression “dividends and profits” would _always_ include all
unofficial payouts, whether they be made in the _past, present or future_. The
fact that the parties loosely described the $55,000 in the pleadings and other
court documents as dividends distributed to shareholders cannot lead one to
the conclusion that the consent judgment necessarily defined the expression
“dividends and profits” in relation to the distribution of the $55,000.

78 This should be contrasted with the facts in _Re South American_ where, in
consenting to the liability to pay the second instalment, it must necessarily
follow that the company had accepted the _source_ of that liability, _ie_ the
underlying agreement. In his speech, Lord Herschell observed that the consent
judgment was “not a judgment… for the sum of £100,000 _at large_ ; it was a
judgment for [the plaintiffs] on a claim of £100,000, _being part of a debt
due_ …” [emphasis added] (_Re South American_ at 49). In other words, the
judgment on the debt must bear reference to the basis of the admitted
liability. As Mr Loo put it in his written submissions, “it was _impossible_
for the Bank to recover its claim without the existence of the agreement”
[emphasis added]. Therefore, the relevant inquiry is whether it was impossible
for the 1st plaintiff to have succeeded in its claim for the ownership of the
additional 55,000 shares without a finding that the $55,000 constituted
“dividends and profits”. To put it another way, the question is whether a
finding that the $55,000 constituted “dividends and profits” was a “
_necessary step_ ” in deciding the 1st plaintiff’s ownership of the additional
55,000 shares.

79 In this regard, I have tested this submission by examining how I would have
decided the issue as to whether the 1st plaintiff was the equitable owner of
the additional 55,000 shares of Tri-Nexus if there had been no consent
judgment. Based on the evidence, it would appear that the capital injection of
$165,000 did not come from the personal funds of the defendant and Soh as
alleged. Instead, it came from the profits of Tri-Nexus, and this fact was
conceded by Soh at the trial. Thus, what in effect happened was that profits
from Tri-Nexus were re-injected into the company to increase its share
capital. Since the 1st plaintiff was undoubtedly a one-third shareholder of
Tri-Nexus _prior_ to the capital injection, any re-injection of Tri-Nexus’s
profits back into the company should be equally apportioned to the three equal
shareholders, and should not change the proportions of their shareholdings in
the company. This finding — that the $165,000 capital injection was to be
equally credited to all three shareholders — would have been sufficient to
grant the order of transfer under para 1 of the consent judgment. In short, a
finding that the capital injection amounted to “dividends and profits” would
not have been a “necessary step” for the 1st plaintiff to obtain the
declaration that it is the equitable owner of the additional 55,000 shares in
Tri-Nexus. It was not a finding which I would invariably have needed to make
to grant the declaration. In the circumstances, I would have been slow to find
that “dividends and profits” bore a meaning which was contrary to its strict
legal meaning, especially since such a finding would not have been necessary
for the purposes of deciding the ownership of the additional 55,000 shares.

80 Thus, in my view, it is untenable for the 1st plaintiff to argue that the
consent judgment implicitly decided that “dividends and profits” under para 4
includes all forms of “unofficial payouts”, howsoever arising. At most, it
means that the defendant is estopped from denying that the 1st plaintiff had
made an equal contribution towards the capital injection for the purposes of
the increased paid up capital.

81 There is a further insuperable obstacle to Mr Loo’s submission. As Ms Ho
has highlighted in her submissions, the meaning that the 1st plaintiff has
ascribed to the phrase “dividends” and “profits” was not consistent throughout
the liability trial or even during the assessment hearing. As mentioned at
[26] above, the 1st plaintiff did not even plead the distinctive meaning of
“dividends” it now asserts. Instead, it variously described “dividends and
profits” as “ _agreed_ payments to the shareholders” [emphasis added], “share
of profit”, “payouts made to the shareholder”, and profits which were
“procured or caused to be paid” (this version was raised for the first time
during the closing oral submissions). Thus, on one version of the 1st
plaintiff’s own case, the consent judgment would have decided that “dividends
and profits” includes “ _agreed_ payments to shareholders”. However, this
would give rise to many problems.

82 In this connection, it is pertinent to mention that both the “distribution”
of the $55,000 for the capital injection and the profit distribution of
$1.033m to each shareholder were, by the 1st plaintiff’s own case, “agreed
payments to the shareholders”. Given the agreement between the three
shareholders that these two payments (the distribution of $1.033m and $55,000
to each shareholder) were to be equally made, it really did not matter how
they were described so long as the distribution was in fact agreed. However,
insofar as the sums which the 1st plaintiff is now claiming from the defendant
are concerned, it is undisputed that _none_ of them were “ _agreed_ payments
to the shareholders”. All of them are, by the 1st plaintiff’s own case,
wrongful or at the very least _disputed_ payments to the defendant. Thus, even
if I accept the 1st plaintiff’s distinctive definition of “dividends or
profits” as “ _agreed_ payments to the shareholders”, its claim must still
fail.

83 This argument only reinforces my earlier point that the consent judgment
cannot possibly be taken to have _decided_ that the phrase “dividends and
profits” as used therein takes on the special distinctive meaning advanced by
the 1st plaintiff. Even if it could, it is entirely unclear what that “special
meaning” is, especially since by the 1st plaintiff’s own case, it also refers
to “agreed payments to shareholders”, which is of no assistance to the 1st
plaintiff at all.

84 Before leaving the question of issue estoppel, I should deal with a
somewhat distinct submission made by Mr Loo that the defendant is estopped, by
reason of the consent judgment, from asserting in the assessment hearing the
“same defence” that there were no dividends declared in the technical sense of
the word. It is true that at the trial on liability, the defendant had
asserted that no dividends were ever officially declared in its defence.
However, this fact was asserted in order to deny the 1st plaintiff’s case that
it contributed to the $165,000 capital injection _via_ profits which Tri-Nexus
had distributed to shareholders. The material issue was whether the 1st
plaintiff had contributed to the subsequent capital injection, rather than
whether the word “dividends” bore a technical or colloquial meaning for _all
purposes_. In the present case, while the defendant similarly relies on the
strict legal meaning of the word “dividends”, his defence is entirely
different from that relied on at the trial. He is not asserting that
unofficial distributions of Tri-Nexus’s profits were _never_ made to
shareholders. Neither is he denying that the 1st plaintiff contributed to the
capital injection and hence is the owner of the additional 55,000 Tri-Nexus’s
shares. On these points, issue estoppel would undoubtedly arise. However, the
defendant denies that he is required under the consent judgment to account for
unofficial payouts. On the face of para 4 of the consent judgment, the
defendant is only required to account for “dividends and profits” and no more.
It is therefore strictly incorrect for Mr Loo to assert that the defendant is
presently raising the “same defence” as he did at the liability hearing.

Contractual interpretation

85 Further and in the alternative, Mr Loo relies on the principles of
contractual interpretation to persuade the court that para 4 of the consent
judgment should be interpreted as requiring an account of all “unofficial
payouts” received by the defendant _qua_ shareholder because, on an objective
assessment of the facts and circumstances leading to the consent judgment,
that is what the parties must be taken to have intended.

86 In _Seiko Epson Corp v Sepoms Technology Pte Ltd and another_ [2008] 1
SLR(R) 269 (“ _Seiko_ ”), the appellant sued the respondents for patent
infringement. In its defence, the respondents pleaded the defence of innocent
infringement under s 69 of the Patents Act (Cap 221, 2005 Rev Ed), which
provides that damages shall not be awarded if the defendant “proves that at
the date of the infringement he was not aware, and had no reasonable grounds
for supposing, that the patent existed.” A consent judgment was eventually
entered against the respondents in which they admitted liability and accepted
that “there was to be an account of profits by the respondents”. In accordance
with the consent judgment, the respondents filed an account of profits. The
respondents justified the limited period for which they rendered an account of
profits on the ground that they had knowledge of the patent only when they
were served with the appellant’s statement of claim. The appellant applied to
court for an order that the respondents file a further account of profits.

87 One of the issues before the Court of Appeal was whether the consent
judgment was, “in addition to being final on liability, final on the
applicable accounting period as well” (_Seiko_ at [23]). The respondents
submitted that the accounting period had not been settled and was to be
determined at the account of profits hearing (_Seiko_ at [24]). The Court of
Appeal accepted that principles of contractual interpretation applied to the
interpretation of the consent judgment (_Seiko_ at [26]) and found that “an
objective construction of the Consent Judgment indicated that it was final
only on the issue of liability, with the specific accounting period… to be
determined at a later stage” (_Seiko_ at [27]). The court held that there was
nothing in the factual matrix surrounding the consent judgment to justify the
inference that the respondents had agreed to the date alleged by the appellant
in its claim as the date of the infringement (see _Seiko_ at [24] and [27]).
Moreover, the court added, “it would have been illogical for the respondents,
in agreeing to the Consent Judgment, to have also intended to have foregone
their right to raise s 69(1) as, in the circumstances, this might have
resulted in the respondents having to account to the appellant for profits
over a longer period than the accounting period which would have applied had
they not consented to judgment” (_Seiko_ at [27]).

88 Following the approach of the Court of Appeal in _Seiko_ , the question in
the present case is whether the consent judgment was final as to the meaning
of “dividends and profits” at para 4, or whether, on an objective
interpretation of the consent judgment, the issue was left to be determined at
the present assessment hearing.

89 In support of the position that the consent judgment was final on the
meaning to be ascribed to the phrase “dividends and profits” and that it
should be interpreted to bear the special meaning proposed by the 1st
plaintiff, Mr Loo makes the following submissions:

(a) First, in the context of the litigation underlying and preceding the
consent judgment, the 1st plaintiff had used “dividends” to refer to
unofficial payouts. This was the case in both the statement of claim and in
Lim’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief.

(b) Second, the parties all treated unofficially distributed payouts as
distributed “profits” from Tri-Nexus. In particular, it was common ground that
the payment of $1.033m to each shareholder was treated as distribution of
profits.

(c) Third, given that the consent judgment refers to “dividends _and profits_
” [emphasis added], “profits” must mean something additional to dividends and
should be interpreted to refer to unofficial payouts.

(d) Fourth, since it was clearly established that Tri-Nexus never officially
declared dividends, the parties could not have intended for “dividends and
profits” in the consent judgment to bear its strict legal meaning. There must
be some “dividends” and “profits” to be accounted for. If the strict legal
meaning of “dividends” was applied to para 4 of the consent judgment, it would
result in an “absurd outcome which would have entirely undermined the 1st
Plaintiff [sic] claim and the purpose of the Consent Order.”

90 In response, Ms Ho submits that the following factors must be borne in
mind:

(a) First, the main focus of the trial on liability was whether there was a
trust over the 60,000 Tri-Nexus shares held by the defendant in favour of the
1st plaintiff. The defendant’s duty to provide an account of dividends and
profits was ancillary to the finding of such a trust.

(b) Second, the defendant had always maintained the strict legal meaning of
“dividends”. There is no evidence that the defendant had accepted the 1st
plaintiff’s colloquial meaning of “dividends” either in the consent judgment
or at any stage during the liability trial.

(c) Third, the terms “dividends” and “profits” are not defined anywhere in the
pleadings or in the consent judgment.

(d) Fourth, there is no necessity that there must be some dividends or profits
to account for under para 4 of the consent judgment. There was no allegation
at the liability trial that the defendant had received any dividends or
profits _qua_ trustee on behalf of the 1st plaintiff.

(e) Fifth, it is illogical and unreasonable to conclude that the defendant
agreed to the colloquial definition of dividends when a shareholder is only
entitled to dividends declared by the company.

91 I agree with Ms Ho’s submissions that the consent judgment is not final on
the meaning of the “dividends and profits” that the 1st Plaintiff is entitled
to pursuant to his equitable shareholding. The meaning of this expression is a
matter which was left to be determined by the court at the assessment hearing.
I also agree that the consent judgment did not determine that the phrase
“dividends and profits” should be accorded the distinctive meaning advanced by
the 1st plaintiff. I arrive at this conclusion for the following reasons:

(a) First, it is clear that the trial on liability was singularly focused on
establishing or denying the 1st plaintiff’s equitable ownership of the
additional 55,000 Tri-Nexus shares (the balance 5,000 shares was never in
dispute). Any discussion of unofficial payouts or dividends took place in the
context of proving that a third of the $165,000 capital injection came from
the 1st plaintiff. There was no discussion or contemplation of the nature of
the account the defendant would have to provide to the 1st plaintiff should
such equitable ownership be established.

(b) Second, looking at the 1st plaintiff’s _own pleadings_ , it is not clear
that its case was that the defendant had to provide an account of unofficial
payouts he received _qua_ shareholder. Paragraph 8(e) of the statement of
claim refers to the 1st plaintiff’s “corresponding entitlement to _dividends
declared_ ” [emphasis added]. The use of the phrase “dividends declared” in
the statement of claim provides a compelling reason for concluding that the
plaintiff’s claim was only for dividends that were properly declared. That
this is so is clearly borne out by the use of the qualifying words
“corresponding entitlement” preceding “dividends and profits”. The entitlement
to dividends must _correspond_ with the ownership of the shares. The pleadings
do not suggest that “dividends declared” bears a meaning different from their
ordinary legal meaning, or that the 1st plaintiff was seeking an account of
all “unofficial payouts” paid to the defendant, howsoever arising. In
response, Mr Loo emphasised that the statement of claim also referred to the
$55,000 of unofficially distributed profits as “dividends declared” and,
hence, clearly intended that “dividends declared” was to bear a colloquial
meaning. In my view, if the 1st plaintiff’s case was truly for an account of
all _unofficial payouts_ received by the defendant, it had to be expressly
pleaded and separately provided for in the consent judgment, especially since
this distinctive meaning does not accord with the strict legal meaning of
“dividends and profits”. Absent any clear words to the contrary, it would
appear that the consent judgment only provided for a transfer of the 60,000
Tri-Nexus shares to the 1st plaintiff and for the 1st plaintiff’s
corresponding entitlement to _declared dividends_ received by the defendant
_qua_ trustee in respect of those shares (if any).

(c) Third, I am not persuaded that the parties must have intended that there
be _some_ profits or dividends to account for in agreeing to para 4 of the
consent judgment. Paragraph 15 of the 1st plaintiff’s own statement of claim
asserts that the defendant had failed to inform it “ _if any_ dividends have
been declared by Tri-Nexus”. This clearly contemplates the possibility that
there may not be any declared dividends. It may well not make commercial sense
for the 1st plaintiff to agree that the defendant’s obligation under the
consent judgment was to provide an account only of declared dividends if it
knew that Tri-Nexus had never officially declared dividends. However, it bears
mention that this possibility was itself contemplated by the 1st plaintiff to
begin with, as can clearly be seen from the way it framed its case. I also
find that there is no basis to hold that the defendant had agreed to the
colloquial meaning of dividends that the 1st plaintiff now asserts the consent
judgment bears, nor is there any evidence that the defendant would have
consented to such a term had it been expressly proposed by the 1st plaintiff.
If the 1st plaintiff had intended that the consent judgment bear such a
meaning, it should have been expressly provided for.

(d) Fourth, while Mr Loo repeatedly urged me to find significance in the word
“profits” (as opposed to “dividends”) in para 4 of the consent judgment, I
note that the word was only added in the relief portion of the statement of
claim _via_ an amendment made on the second day of trial. When the application
to amend the statement of claim was before the court, the focus of the
arguments was whether Lim could be added as a party to the suit. That was the
primary purpose of the amendment application. There was no submission by the
1st plaintiff on the significance or purpose of adding the word “profits” to
the relief. Given the circumstances under which the statement of claim was
amended to include the word “profit”, which was then reproduced in the consent
judgment, I do not think it appropriate to draw the conclusion that the
defendant must be taken to have agreed that the expression “profits” would
bear a meaning that is separate and distinct from “dividends” and which
encompasses any and all unofficial payouts. Furthermore, no distinctive
meaning of “profits” was ever pleaded. Thus, as Ms Ho submits, the ordinary
meaning of “an account of profits” in the context of a breach of trust should
apply – _ie_ , it should be interpreted as only requiring the defendant to
disgorge all profits he had made in _breach of his duty as a trustee of the
60,000 shares_. In the present case, it is clear that any benefit the
defendant has derived from the allegedly illegitimate payouts were not
received in breach of his duty as trustee-shareholder, but rather, at best, in
breach of his duty as a director of Tri-Nexus.

92 Given that the focus of the trial on liability was on the equitable
ownership of the additional 55,000 Tri-Nexus shares, I find, as the court in
_Seiko_ did, that the parties intended for the scope of the obligation to
“provide an account of dividends and profits” under para 4 of the consent
judgment to be determined at the assessment hearing. In my view, the order for
an account by the defendant-trustee was merely consequential to the transfer
of the 60,000 Tri-Nexus shares from the defendant to the 1st plaintiff, and
does not require the defendant to account for all _unofficial payouts_ he
received. Ms Ho also urged the court to apply the principle of _contra
proferentum_ in interpreting the consent judgment. Given my decision, it is
unnecessary for me to decide on the applicability or effect of this principle
in this case.

93 Having concluded that no issue estoppel arises and that para 4 of the
consent judgment does not bear the distinctive meaning advanced by the 1st
plaintiff, I find that the defendant is only required to account for the
dividends declared and received by him as trustee-shareholder of the 60,000
Tri-Nexus shares. In this respect, since it is common ground that no dividends
were ever declared, the 1st plaintiff’s claim for an account of the “dividends
and profits” and for the consequential payment of such “dividends and profits”
under paras 4 and 5 of the consent judgment must fail.

Whether the defendant received any unofficial payouts _qua_ shareholder

94 Although I have determined that the defendant is not required to provide an
account of _unofficial payouts_ under the terms of the consent judgment, for
completeness, I shall deal with the factual question of whether unofficial
payouts were (a) in fact received by the defendant; _and_ (b) received by the
defendant _qua shareholder_.

95 As outlined at [15] above, the 1st plaintiff claims for _half_ of those
sums allegedly received by the defendant from Tri-Nexus.

96 I shall examine each item in turn to determine whether on the evidence
before the court, the sums were in fact received by the defendant and if so
whether they were received by the defendant as unofficial payouts of profits
_qua_ shareholder .

Director’s salary and bonus

97 Mr Loo submits that the defendant paid himself an excess of $480,000 in
director’s salary and $65,000 in director’s bonus. These sums therefore ought
to be regarded as his receipt of payouts of profits from Tri-Nexus, half of
which should belong to the 1st plaintiff. His case theory is premised on the
following grounds:

(a) First, prior to the founding of Tri-Nexus, the three shareholders (Lim on
behalf of the 1st plaintiff, Soh, and the defendant) had agreed that the
defendant would only be entitled to a salary of $5,000 per month and that his
annual bonus would be up to 12 months, subject to Tri-Nexus’s performance and
the approval of all shareholders. On that basis, Mr Loo submits that any
salary and bonus received by the defendant above and beyond what the parties
had agreed must be taken to be distributed profits from Tri-Nexus.

(b) Second, by a shareholder’s resolution dated 1 January 2010, the
defendant’s salary was increased from $5,000 to $25,000 per month with effect
from 1 January 2010. There was no legitimate reason for this substantial
increment. Further, the whole of the purported “increment” for FY 2010 was
paid in a lump sum of $240,000 on 28 February 2011, shortly after the
defendant received a letter of demand from the 1st plaintiff. These
circumstances suggest that the increment was not a legitimate salary
increment, but was instead a means by which the defendant siphoned profits out
of Tri-Nexus.

(c) There was no legitimate basis for paying the defendant bonuses of $60,000
in FY 2010 and $5,000 in FY 2011, given that Tri-Nexus reported a loss in FY
2011.

98 On its face, the defendant received these payments _qua_ director of Tri-
Nexus. No objective evidence of the alleged agreement to cap the defendant’s
salary at $5,000 per month was adduced before the court other than Lim’s bald
assertion. The defendant firmly denies any such founding agreement which, in
my view, has not been proven by the 1st plaintiff. Further, as Ms Ho submits,
based on the evidence before the court, both the salary increment and bonuses
appear to have been paid pursuant to validly passed company resolutions. The
1st plaintiff has not been able to present any credible evidence beyond mere
speculation to challenge the validity of these resolutions. Therefore, I find
that these sums, legitimate or otherwise, were received by the defendant _qua_
director, rather than as distributed profits _qua_ shareholder.

Director’s fees

99 Mr Loo also submits that the defendant received the $1.033m due to him
under the profit-sharing arrangement partly _via_ a PDP invoice for $250,000
and partly by way of director’s fees. However, if one adds the director’s fees
the defendant received from 2009 to 2011 to the $250,000 the 1st plaintiff
claims the defendant also received _via_ PDP invoices, it would appear that
the defendant received a total of $1.458m, or an excess of $425,000 above and
beyond the $1.033m he was entitled to under the profit sharing agreement.
Thus, Mr Loo submits, this excess sum must likewise be unofficial payout of
profits received by the defendant _qua_ shareholder.

100 The evidence does show that payment through director’s fees was one way in
which the defendant received his share of the $1.033m profits and this lends
some credence to the 1st plaintiff’s assertion that director’s fees were a
means by which the defendant received profits _qua_ shareholder. However, all
the payments of director’s fees were supported by valid company resolutions.
The mere fact that the defendant had previously received part of his
distribution of profits _via_ director’s fees is in itself insufficient to
ground a finding that the alleged “excess” $425,000 paid to the defendant were
not intended to be genuine director’s fees, but were instead intended as a
means of further profit distribution to the defendant _qua_ shareholder. Even
if these payments of director’s fees were not legitimate, it seems clear to me
that, at best, the plaintiff might be able to make the case that they were
procured by the defendant acting in breach of his duties as director in
causing the resolutions authorising the payments to be passed. However, it
does not support the conclusion that they were received by the defendant _qua_
shareholder, and should be treated as an unofficial distribution of profits.

Payments to PDP, Emerald and Trefoil

101 The plaintiff’s expert identified several payments to PDP, Emerald, and
Trefoil as payments which were not made “in the ordinary course of business”.
These payments were all identified either because Tri-Nexus did not have any
business dealings which would justify the work described in the invoices,
because there was something suspicious about the invoice numbers or dates, or
simply because there was no supporting documentation.

102 Without going into the details of each particular invoice, I agree with
the plaintiff’s expert’s observation that something seems amiss. This is
hardly surprising given the well-established fact that sham invoices have been
issued by Tri-Nexus for the benefit of the 1st plaintiff (or Lim), the
defendant, and Soh. In fact, this is the very reason for the ongoing criminal
proceedings against the three of them (see [3] above). Insofar as some of the
payments to Emerald are concerned, the evidence before the court is that these
payments were allowed by IRAS as legitimate business expenses of Tri-Nexus
following its investigations. While the defendant’s expert, Mr Farooq Ahmad
Mann, acknowledged at the trial that IRAS may change its position on these
payments if new information becomes available to suggest that the payments
were not proper business expenses, the court can only operate on the
information presently available. Thus, based on the evidence before the court,
the 1st plaintiff has failed to prove that all of the Emerald payments were
instead received by the defendant.

103 Notwithstanding the suspiciousness of the payments made to PDP, Emerald,
and Trefoil, the 1st plaintiff has not produced sufficient evidence that these
payments were ultimately received by the defendant (as opposed to, for
example, Soh or by both of them) and, if so, that these payouts were received
by the defendant _in his capacity as shareholder_. In fact, this possibility
was expressly acknowledged by Mr Loo in his closing submissions where he
stated that “these payments give rise to the possibility that they may have
been made to either the Defendant _or to Soh_ as pay-outs” [emphasis added].
Even if I were prepared to find that the payments were received by the
defendant given he was in control of Tri-Nexus and may well have orchestrated
these suspicious payments, I find it difficult to see how these payments can
be considered payouts of profits received by the defendant _qua shareholder_.
In my view, even if the payments to PDP, Trefoil and Emerald were indeed
unauthorised or wrongful, this would simply be a case involving the breach of
a director’s duties. Nothing in the evidence can convert such a breach of duty
into payouts of profits received by the defendant _qua_ shareholder to which
the 1st plaintiff as beneficiary of the trust shares may lay claim. As Ms Ho
submits, it must be borne in mind that the account ordered in the consent
judgment is not an account of Tri-Nexus’s assets _at large_ , but rather, it
is an account of the _trust_ assets.

104 Ms Ho helpfully raised the case of _Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter v Gay Choon
Ing_ [2008] SGHC 31 (“ _Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter_ ”), where the High Court had
to conduct a similar inquiry into sums which a trustee-shareholder (who was
also a director in the company) had to account to the beneficiary for,
pursuant to a decision that shares were held on trust. The High Court held
that the trustee’s role as a director and his role as a trustee of the shares
cannot be conflated (_Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter_ at [74]). The trustee’s powers
_qua_ director were not held on trust for the beneficiary shareholder so the
latter had no standing to sue the former for breach of director’s duty (_Loh
Sze Ti Terence Peter_ at [46]). These observations apply with equal force in
the present case. In an action for a breach of trust of shares, the 1st
plaintiff as beneficiary-shareholder has no remedy against the defendant for
breaches of his director’s duties.

105 Finally, what distinguishes the profit sharing of $1.033m among the three
shareholders and the distribution of $165,000 which was subsequently re-
injected into Tri-Nexus from the allegedly wrongful payouts in this case is
that, for the former payments, all three parties _agreed_ to receive a share
of Tri-Nexus’s profits in this manner _in proportion to their shareholding_.
In respect of the allegedly unauthorised payouts, quite apart from the fact
that these payments were not agreed payouts (see [82] above), there is no
evidence that the payments were made to the defendant _in proportion to his
registered shareholding_ of Tri-Nexus. In order for the parallel with the
$1.033m payout and $165,000 distribution to work, the 1st plaintiff must
establish that the other registered shareholder, Soh, likewise received an
amount proportionate to his own shareholding in Tri-Nexus. Only then would the
1st plaintiff be able to show, by analogy with the profit-sharing of $1.033m
and distribution of $165,000, that the allegedly wrongful payments were
received by the defendant (and, consequently, Soh) were unofficial payouts of
profits _to the shareholders corresponding to their respective shareholdings_.
In other words, if the 1st plaintiff can only establish that the defendant
received these payments which were not incurred in the ordinary course of
business without proving that Soh, the other shareholder, had also received
proportionate payments, the 1st plaintiff’s case theory simply fails. However,
there is no evidence before the court that Soh had received _corresponding_
proportionate payments from Tri-Nexus _qua_ shareholder.

106 Therefore, even if the consent judgment required the defendant to provide
an account of all unofficial payouts of profits which he had received _qua_
shareholder (which I have found otherwise), I find that the defendant has
failed to prove, based on the evidence before me, that such unofficial payouts
were received by him _in his capacity as shareholder_.

107 Finally, even if _any or all_ of the above payments were not proper, the
1st plaintiff has other remedies against the directors of Tri-Nexus. Such
improper payments cannot be translated into profits for distribution. In other
words, a prior wrong by the defendant does not justify an improper method to
distribute profits which is not in accordance with the articles of Tri-Nexus
_absent_ agreement by all the shareholders. I am not prepared to infer that
such payments, even if wrongful, constitute unofficial payouts of profits
received by the defendant _qua_ shareholder for which the 1st plaintiff is
entitled to half thereof.

Conclusion

108 Although the court, in the course of the assessment hearing, invited Mr
Loo to consider the propriety of the 1st plaintiff commencing a derivative
action under s 216A of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) for recovery of
the allegedly wrongful payments to the defendant or other third parties which
were not incurred in the ordinary course of business, it is unfortunate that
the 1st plaintiff insisted on continuing with the case as it did. That is not
to say that the 1st plaintiff would necessarily succeed in such a derivative
action. But it would at least have relieved the 1st plaintiff from having to
discharge the insurmountable burden of proving that the expression “dividends
and profits” under the consent judgment bears a distinctive meaning which is
contrary to its ordinary legal meaning. It is not clear why the 1st plaintiff
would choose such a problematic route to prove its claim when there are other
less challenging options available. As the 1st plaintiff may well pursue other
alternative remedies, I shall say no more.

109 In conclusion, the 1st plaintiff’s claim fails in its entirety. Costs
fixed at $40,000 are awarded to the defendant plus reasonable disbursements to
be agreed if not taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

