Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wee Cheng Swee Henry _v_ Jo Baby Kartika Polim  
[2015] SGHC 140

Case Number| :| Suit No 1186 of 2013 (Registrar's Appeal No 134 and 136 of
2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 May 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chelva Retnam Rajah SC and Teng Po Yew (Tan Rajah &
Cheah) for the plaintiff; Salem Ibrahim and Iman Ibrahim (Salem Ibrahim LLC)
for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Wee Cheng Swee Henry — Jo Baby Kartika Polim  
  
25 May 2015|  
---|---  
  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 In this action, the plaintiff claims from the defendant: (i) various loans
totalling $383,300 which he alleges he made to her between 2011 and 2013; and
(ii) possession of, or the value of, a car which he claims she purchased with
money that he had advanced to her.

2 The plaintiff in due course applied for summary judgment. The Assistant
Registrar entered judgment for the plaintiff on two of the plaintiff’s claims
and granted the defendant unconditional leave to defend on the rest. The
defendant appealed to a judge in chambers against the former order; the
plaintiff cross-appealed against the latter order. Both appeals came before
me. I have dismissed the defendant’s appeal and allowed the plaintiff’s
appeal, making the defendant’s leave to defend conditional on the defendant
furnishing security for the remainder of the plaintiff's claim.

3 The defendant has appealed to the Court of Appeal. I therefore set out my
grounds.

The parties and their positions

4 The plaintiff and the defendant were in a romantic relationship from October
2007[note: 1] to October 2013,[note: 2] subject to a break for a few months in
the third quarter of 2010.[note: 3] They cohabited at least from June
2011[note: 4] until October 2013.[note: 5] This action was commenced a few
months after the end of their relationship and a few months after the
plaintiff learned that the defendant had married another man.

5 The defendant’s case is that the plaintiff is falsely alleging that the sums
which he claims in these proceedings were loans rather than gifts and has
brought this action[note: 6] only because he is angry that the parties’
relationship has broken down and that she has left him to marry another man.
As she says in her affidavit to show cause:[note: 7]

I wish to say that the Plaintiff is angry that I left him and married another
man. Hence this action has been brought against me. I believe that his object
is vengeance for leaving him and to destroy my current marriage. …

Her basic position is:[note: 8]

I say the Plaintiff should stand up and be an honourable gentleman and
withdraw his claim.

The plaintiff’s seven claims

6 Be that as it may, the plaintiff’s claim for $383,300 comprises seven
claims. Six of them are set out in the following table:

No. |  Description |  Amount  
---|---|---  
1. |  Money lent to the defendant between 10 March 2011 and 1 June 2011 to make part-payment of the purchase price of the property at 15 Kim Yam Road, Langston Ville #04-05, Singapore 239328 (“the Langston Ville unit”).[note: 9] |  $212,100  
2. |  Money lent to the defendant between 8 July 2011 and 26 October 2013 to pay her monthly instalments for the loan on the Langston Ville unit.[note: 10] |  $58,200  
3. |  Money lent to the defendant between 13 August 2012 and 6 November 2012 to make part-payment towards the purchase price of a unit at a development under construction at 5A Shenton Way, Singapore 068814 known as V on Shenton (“the V on Shenton unit”).[note: 11] |  $205,000  
4. |  Money lent to defendant on 7 July 2013 as a personal loan for day to day expenses.[note: 12] |  $5,000  
5. |  Money lent to defendant on 21 August 2013 as a personal loan for day to day expenses.[note: 13] |  $5,000  
6. |  Money lent to defendant on 9 October 2013 as a personal loan for day to day expenses.[note: 14] |  $3,000  
|  Total lent to the defendant between 10 March 2011 and 9 October 2013 |  $488,300  
|  Less defendant’s repayment on 19 December 2012 |  ($100,000)  
|  Less defendant’s repayment on 27 February 2013 |  ($5,000)  
|  Balance claimed |  $383,300  
  
  

For convenience, I will refer to each of these claims by the number set out
against it in the table above.

7 The plaintiff’s seventh claim is for the return of the car[note: 15] or for
the sum of $120,000, being the plaintiff’s advance to the defendant in March
2013 to enable her to purchase the car.[note: 16]

The plaintiff’s evidence

8 As evidence of his case on claims 1, 2 and 3, the plaintiff relies on what
he says is an admission to that effect by the defendant in her email to him
dated 14 October 2013.[note: 17] This is an important email, not just for
claims 1, 2 and 3, but also for claim 7. I will set it out in full when I
discuss claim 7 at [12] below. It suffices for now to note that the words from
that email which the plaintiff relies on as an admission in respect of claims
1, 2 and 3 are these: “As for the LV, and Shenton you said it was a loan
right? So, i will pay you back as soon as I am in better financial
situation.”[note: 18] It is common ground that “LV” is a reference to the
Langston Ville unit and that “Shenton” is a reference to the V on Shenton
unit.

9 As evidence of his case on claim 4,[note: 19] the plaintiff produces a text
message which the defendant sent to him on 7 July 2013\. This is the same day
on which he advanced the $5,000 to the defendant which forms the subject-
matter of claim 4. In this message, the defendant says: “…Why are you treating
me so well???.....hmmmm I am speechless…..I know even though it is a loan,
still your thoughts and attention never failed to amaze me.…”. The defendant
relies on this text message as the defendant’s admission that claim 4 was a
loan.

10 As evidence of his case on claim 5,[note: 20] the plaintiff produces
another text message from the defendant. The defendant sent this message on 21
August 2013, the same day on which the plaintiff transferred to her account
the other $5,000 which forms the subject-matter of claim 5. In this text
message, the defendant says: “… thank you for everything, I owe you a lot,
sighhh”. The plaintiff relies on this text message as the defendant’s
admission that claim 5 was a loan.

11 The plaintiff has no evidence to support claim 6 other than his own
statement to that effect in his affidavit. He relies on the fact that claims 4
and 5 were loans to invite the court to infer that claim 6 also was a loan.

12 Claim 7 arises in this way. On or about 25 March 2013, the plaintiff
advanced $120,000 to the defendant by cheque to enable her to buy a Mercedes
Benz car.[note: 21] She duly used the advance to purchase the car and
registered it in her name. The plaintiff’s position is that the defendant is
registered as the owner of the car merely as his nominee and therefore the car
was and remains his property. As evidence of this, he relies on the same email
from the defendant dated 14 October 2013 referred to at [8] above.[note: 22] I
now set this email out in full. It is common ground that the references to
“snow white” in the third paragraph of this email are references to the
car:[note: 23]

No worries Henry,

Just enjoy your holiday….

I am just thinking it seems you are so bo kam guan with snow white …..I must
say snow white is the only luxury I could really enjoy and appreciate right
now…

Can you not sell it? It won’t make you poor right?

For almost 7 years I was with you, did you not enjoy my company and our
togetherness? Have I ever been too much or taking advantage of you all along?
Did I ever Bragg about and ask you to buy expensive stuff from you? Perhaps
the only expensive thing I ever asked was the pearl earring which you paid for
1500, it was 2200 actually :)

As for the LV, and Shenton you said it was on loan right? So, i will pay you
back as soon as I am in better financial situation.

Anyway I will work harder so that I can quickly settle it yah….

Have a blessed Day…

Best Regards,

Jo baby

Sent from my iPhone

The defendant’s defence

13 The defendant admits receiving from the plaintiff all of the sums comprised
in claims 1 to 7.[note: 24] Her case is that they were all gifts, save for the
sum of $105,000 which was indeed a loan and which she has repaid as indicated
in the table at [6] above.[note: 25]

The defendant’s case on claims 1 to 7

14 On claim 1, the defendant’s evidence is that the plaintiff volunteered to
pay the down payment and the legal fees for the Langston Ville unit because he
foresaw a permanent future with her and wanted her “to be comfortably
installed” there.[note: 26]

15 On claim 2, the defendant’s evidence is that the plaintiff gave her money
towards the monthly instalments for the Langston Ville unit not as loans but
in recognition of three factors: (i) that they loved each other and were
living together with a view to marriage; (ii) in recognition of the domestic
services she was providing to him; and (iii) to cover his share of the
accommodation and other expenses of cohabiting with the defendant.[note: 27]
The defendant points out that if the plaintiff is correct that the advances of
$58,200 comprised in claim 2 were not gifts but were instead loans, it means
that the plaintiff expected the defendant to support him financially while
they were cohabiting, by paying for his accommodation and all household
expenses for him. She says that that would be bizarre[note: 28] and was not
the case.[note: 29]

16 On claim 3, the defendant’s evidence is that only $105,000 out of the total
sum of $205,000 comprised in this claim was a loan, with the remaining
$100,000 being a gift from the defendant.[note: 30] I will have more to say
about the unsatisfactory nature of the defendant’s evidence on this point
below at [89]–[94] below. For now, it suffices to note that the defendant’s
evidence is that the $105,000 she repaid on 19 December 2012 and 27 February
2013 was to discharge this loan.[note: 31] Her case, therefore, is that she
has fully repaid the only part of this advance which was in fact a loan.

17 The defendant accepts in her affidavit that claim 4 was a loan.[note: 32]
She initially denied that it was a loan in her defence.[note: 33]

18 On claims 5 and 6, the defendant’s evidence is that she never asked the
plaintiff for those sums and that he deposited them into the defendant’s “bank
account spontaneously and of his own accord”.[note: 34] To support her case
that the plaintiff did deposit money into her account spontaneously and
voluntarily from time to time, she relies on an email which the plaintiff sent
to the defendant on 5 August 2009 in which he refers to having deposited funds
into her account. In that email, he says: “…Firstly , the cheque is just to
pay for some expenses [which] I honestly feel I have on my part to pay, so
please keep the funds”.[note: 35]

19 The defendant’s case on claim 7 is that the plaintiff volunteered to buy
the car for her as a gift to stop her from badgering him to marry her, and
that he has never before alleged that she held the car merely as his
nominee.[note: 36]

The defendant’s case on the 14 October 2013 email

20 The defendant also puts before me her evidence on the 14 October 2013 email
(see [12] above) which the plaintiff relies on as containing admissions that
the sums advanced under claims 1, 2, 3 and 7 were loans and not gifts.

21 The defendant explains that the plaintiff has taken out of context her
references in this email to the advances for the Langston Ville unit and the V
on Shenton unit as loans. She says that the email was sent in the terminal
stages of their relationship when the plaintiff was angry with her.[note: 37]
The plaintiff had claimed in anger that the money he had given her for the
Langston Ville unit were loans. She responded as she did – by accepting that
they were loans and undertaking to pay him back when her financial position
improved – in an attempt to shame him into acknowledging the truth as a
gentleman. She expected him to respond by rising to the occasion and saying
that the money was his gift to her and that he would not ask for it
back.[note: 38]

22 As for her reference in this email to the car, she explains that her plea
to him not to sell the car was another attempt on her part to shame him into
being a gentleman and admitting the truth: that the car was his gift to her
and that he did not want the money back.[note: 39]

Defendant claims she has no access to documents

23 In addition to dealing with the plaintiff’s specific claims, the defendant
also makes an overarching point as to why a trial is necessary. She says that
there are many documents which will show that these advances were gifts and
not loans, but that only the plaintiff has them. Thus, she claims first that
such documents do exist:[note: 40]

… there will be many relevant documents to show the true nature of the
relationship and to debunk the [p]laintiff’s claim that the monies he refers
to in his statement of claim were loans. In fact the majority of the money
were gifts.

24 Then, she goes on to explain why she cannot produce these “many relevant
documents”. It is because she has deleted all of the text messages and emails
she and the plaintiff exchanged during their relationship. She did this when
their relationship ended, she says, because she wanted to draw a line under
their relationship and move on:[note: 41]

All the messages and e-mails between the [p]laintiff and myself then in my
possession at that time have been deleted as I wanted to close the past. I
know that the Plaintiff was angry. However, I did not expect that he would
turn around and say that some of the monies he gave me in the course of our
relationship were loans.

25 Finally, she alleges that the plaintiff himself has all of these text
messages and emails but has selectively disclosed only those which assist his
contentions and not those which would prove hers:[note: 42]

… The Plaintiff has failed to give all the correspondences [sic] generated in
course [sic] of the relationship. This evidence would show that the monies he
has given me were not loans. He has chosen not to place these before the court
as it would be against his contentions.

The plaintiff’s affidavit in reply

26 The plaintiff makes five points in his affidavit in reply.

27 First, he denies the defendant’s assertion (see [19] and [21] above) that
she sent her email to him on 14 October 2013 in response to his angry demand
for repayment and as her attempt to shame him into being a gentleman and doing
the honourable thing by accepting that his advances to her for claims 1, 2, 3
and 7 were gifts. To do this, he produces his email to her sent on the morning
of 14 October 2013[note: 43] to which she responds in her crucial email sent
in the afternoon of 14 October 2013 (see [12] above). His point is that his
email to her was not an angry email and did not even touch on claims 1, 2, 3
or 7.

28 The plaintiff also produces further evidence of their communications in or
around October 2013 to support his case further that he was not angry with her
at or around the time she sent her email of 14 October 2013. To this end, he
produces copies of 50 text messages they exchanged from 4 August 2013 to 24
September 2013,[note: 44] evidence that that they went to see the Phantom of
the Opera as a couple on 30 August 2013,[note: 45] evidence that he had dinner
with the defendant and her mother on 28 September 2013,[note: 46] 11 text
messages they exchanged from 1 October 2013 to 9 October 2013[note: 47] and
seven text messages they exchanged on 15 October 2013[note: 48] (the day after
the defendant’s 14 October 2013 email) and on 26 October 2013.[note: 49] He
relies on this evidence to submit that,[note: 50] as at late as 26 October
2013, both the plaintiff and the defendant were behaving entirely normally, as
though their romantic relationship was still ongoing. This, he says, shows
that her admissions in her 14 October 2013 email should be taken at face
value.

29 He complains also that she continued to communicate with him as late as 26
October 2013 as though their relationship was ongoing even though her evidence
now is that as early as August 2013, she had decided to end their
relationship[note: 51] and that, on 23 October 2013, she underwent in Jakarta
a ceremonial marriage to her current husband.[note: 52]

30 The plaintiff’s second point is that, although he and the defendant were in
a long-term romantic relationship from 2007 to 2013, they always kept their
personal affairs separate from their business affairs.[note: 53] The defendant
is a property broker. The plaintiff’s family company owned a flat at Leonie
Towers. To support his second point, the plaintiff produces evidence to show
that his family company[note: 54] paid commissions to the defendant’s agency
totalling more than $64,000 for finding a tenant for this flat on four
occasions between 2008 and 2013[note: 55] and for finding a buyer for this
flat when the family company sold it in late 2013.[note: 56] This separation
between personal and business affairs, he says, carried through to the various
loans he made to the defendant and now claims from her.

31 The plaintiff’s third point is that the sums he is seeking to recover in
this action do not include sums totalling just under $65,000 which he advanced
to the defendant during their relationship and which he accepts were outright
gifts, advanced with no expectation or promise of repayment whatsoever.[note:
57] These advances were made to cover food, utilities, maintenance fees for
the Langston Ville unit and other household expenses as well as medical,
travel and other expenses for the defendant, her friends and her family.[note:
58]

32 The plaintiff’s fourth point is that he paid the road tax for the car when
it fell due in August 2013 for the first time after the purchase in March
2013.[note: 59] He relies on that to support his case that he owns the car
even though the car was registered in the defendant’s name.

33 The plaintiff’s fifth point is in response to the defendant’s point
summarised at [23]–[25] above. He asserts that no text messages or emails ever
existed which would support the defendant’s case. He further volunteers to
source and, if the defendant cannot afford it, to pay in the first instance
for computer specialists who can recover the text messages and emails[note:
60] from the defendant’s devices and accounts which she says she has deleted
and which she says will prove her case.[note: 61]

34 This is how the parties’ positions stood when the plaintiff’s summary
judgment application came up for hearing before the Assistant Registrar.

The summary judgment application

Principles on which summary judgment is granted

35 The legal principles governing an application for summary judgment are
well-known. The plaintiff must first show that he has a _prima facie_ case for
summary judgment. If he fails to do that, his application ought to be
dismissed with the usual adverse costs consequence (O 14 r 3(1) and r 7 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)). If the plaintiff does cross that
threshold, the defendant then comes under a tactical burden under O14 r 3 to
raise “an issue or question in dispute which ought to be tried”. It is this
concept which is often abbreviated to the well-known phrase, “a triable
issue”.

36 In order to meet her tactical burden, a defendant must bring forward some
grounds which raise a reasonable probability that she has a real or _bona
fide_ defence in relation to the issues in dispute which ought to be tried:
_Goh Chok Tong v Chee Soon Juan_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 32. In that case, the Court
of Appeal said the following (at [25]):

25 It is a settled principle of law that in an application for summary
judgment, the defendant will not be given leave to defend based on mere
assertions alone: _Banque de Paris et des Pays-Bas (Suisse) SA v Costa de
Naray and Christopher John Walters_ [1984] 1 Lloyd's Rep 21 at 23. The court
must be convinced that there is a reasonable probability that the defendant
has a real or _bona fide_ defence in relation to the issues. In this regard,
the standard to be applied was well-articulated by Laddie J in _Microsoft
Corporation v Electro-Wide Limited_ [1997] FSR 580, where he said at 593 to
594 that:

[I]t is not sufficient just to look at each factual issue one by one and to
consider whether it is possible that the defendant's story in relation to that
issue is credible. The court must look at the complete account of events put
forward by both the plaintiff and the defendants and ... look at the whole
situation. The mere fact that the defendants support their defence by sworn
evidence does not mean that the court is obliged to suspend its critical
faculties and accept that evidence as if it was probably accurate. If, having
regard to inconsistency with contemporaneous documents, inherent
implausibility and other compelling evidence, the defence is not credible, the
court must say so. It should not let the filing of evidence which surpasses
belief deprive a plaintiff of its entitlement to relief.

37 Alternatively, the defendant may attempt to show that there ought to be a
trial for some other reason, even though there is no reasonable probability of
a real or _bona fide_ defence in relation to the issues in dispute which ought
to be tried. A defendant who chooses to pursue this latter argument bears both
the legal burden of proof and the evidential burden on it.

38 At the conclusion of the application for summary judgment, having
considered all the evidence, the court will enter judgment against the
defendant only if the plaintiff has satisfied the court that there is no
reasonable probability that the defendant has a real or _bona fide_ defence in
relation to the issues in dispute which ought to be tried and (only if the
defendant raises this point) that there is no other reason why there ought to
be a trial: _Ritzland Investment Pte Ltd v Grace Management & Consultancy
Services Pte Ltd_ [2014] 2 SLR 1342 at [43] to [47].

The Assistant Registrar’s decision

39 The Assistant Registrar entered judgment against the defendant in the sum
of $105,000. He did so because he held that she had shown no probability of a
real or _bona fide_ defence to claims 3 and 4. On claim 3, he rejected the
defendant’s assertion that, of the $205,000 which the plaintiff had advanced
the defendant towards the purchase of the V on Shenton unit, only the $105,000
which she had repaid was a loan, with the unpaid balance of $100,000 being a
gift.[note: 62] On claim 4, he accepted that the defendant had admitted in the
text message dated 7 July 2013 (see [9] above) that the plaintiff’s advance of
$5,000 to her on the same day was indeed a loan.[note: 63] Those two sums –
$100,000 and $5,000 – make up the sum for which the Assistant Registrar
entered judgment against the defendant.

40 The Assistant Registrar gave the defendant unconditional leave to defend
the remainder of the plaintiff’s claims. He gave two reasons for not relying
on the 14 October 2013 email (see [12] above) as the defendant’s admissions on
claims 1, 2, 3 and 7. First, the email was not contemporaneous with any of the
advances comprised in those four claims.[note: 64] Second, the defendant’s
statements which the plaintiff relied on as admissions were in fact open to
interpretations which were not limited to the literal reading that the
plaintiff sought to put upon those statements.[note: 65] The Assistant
Registrar therefore held that the meaning to be put upon the 14 October 2013
email was a difficult area of fact which ought to be tried.

41 Both parties appealed to a judge in chambers against the Assistant
Registrar’s decision. The defendant prayed that the judgment for $105,000 be
set aside and that she be granted unconditional leave to defend claims 3 and
4. The plaintiff prayed that the order giving the defendant unconditional
leave to defend claims 1, 2, 5, 6 and 7 be set aside and that summary judgment
be entered in his favour on all seven of his claims.

Prima facie case

42 The plaintiff has established a _prima facie_ case on each of his claims.
The starting point is that the defendant does not dispute receiving any of the
sums claimed. The only dispute between the parties pertains to the basis on
which the defendant received the sums: was each advance a loan or a gift?

43 The plaintiff asserts on oath that the defendant received the sums as
loans. But he does not rely only on his own self-serving statement to make out
a _prima facie_ case. As evidence that claims 1, 2 and 3 were loans, he relies
on the defendant’s characterisation in the 14 October 2013 email (see [12]
above) of all the money advanced under those claims as loans. On claims 4 and
5, he relies on the text messages of 7 July 2013 and 21 August 2013 (see [9]
and [10] above) as evidence that those two advances for $10,000 were also
loans. On claim 7, he relies on the 14 October 2013 email as evidence that the
defendant acknowledged his ownership of the car.

44 The plaintiff also makes two points of general application. First, he
relies on the fact that the defendant is not in any category of relationship
to him which can give rise to any presumption that these advances were gifts.
Second, he submits that the fact that the defendant accepts that $105,000 out
of his advances to her was a loan is circumstantial evidence that all of the
remaining sums he claims were also loans. The plaintiff does not accept the
defendant’s appropriation of her repayment of $105,000 to claim 3. He submits
that there is no clear or obvious distinction between what the defendant
accepts was a loan and what she denies was a loan, whether that question is
looked at in the context of claim 3 alone or in the context of all seven
claims.

45 All of this is more than sufficient to make out a _prima facie_ case and to
cast the tactical burden on the defendant to bring forward some grounds to
show that there is a reasonable probability that she has a real or _bona fide_
defence in relation to the issues in dispute which ought to be tried or that
there is some other reason for which there ought to be a trial.

Triable issues raised by the defendant

Points of pleading raised are not triable issues

46 The defendant in her submissions relies on a number of points of pleading
said to give rise to triable issues. The points of pleading rely principally
on what is said to be the plaintiff's failure to plead – properly or at all –
whether the loan agreements were oral or in writing, whether there was one
loan agreement for all the advances or a separate loan agreement for each
advance and to furnish particulars of the loan agreements. All of these
points, it is said, raised triable issues.

47 These points might have some merit if this had been a claim where the
plaintiff alleged that he advanced money to the defendant as loans and the
defendant admitted that they were indeed loans but disputed the precise dates
and terms on which those loans were made. But that is not this case. The
defendant asserts that all the advances claimed – save for $105,000 – were not
loans at all but outright gifts.

48 The entire dispute between the parties therefore turns only on a single
question of fact: whether the advances were loans or gifts. The dates, terms
and other particulars of the loans cannot be triable issues because there is
no dispute on those issues. The defendant simply denies that the bulk of the
advances were loans at all. In these circumstances, I do not see how these
points of pleading could conceivably be a reason for the plaintiff’s claim to
go to trial, whether by way of showing a reasonable probability of a real or
_bona fide_ defence or by showing some other reason for trial.

49 The defendant also raised a pleading point on claim 7, on the basis that
the claim relied a resulting trust which had not been sufficiently pleaded.
This argument was not presented with any force. In any event, it appears to me
that the plaintiff’s claim is pleaded in sufficiently broad terms to encompass
a claim to recover the car or, in the alternative, to recover damages for its
unlawful detention in the tort of detinue. The plaintiff need not rely on any
trust at all to advance this claim. He may simply rely on the principle in
_Hilti Far East Pte Ltd v Tan Hup Guan_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 711 that the owner of
a car at law is the person who funds its purchase and not the person who is
registered as its owner (at [21] – [23]).

50 In taking these pleading points, the defendant is simply putting the
plaintiff to proof on his case. That does not even begin to meet the
defendant’s tactical burden on a summary judgment application. It is little
wonder, therefore, that counsel for the defendant did not advance these points
of pleading with any great enthusiasm in his oral submissions to me.

The proper interpretation of the parties’ communications

51 The only real issue raised by the defendant – either as showing a
reasonable probability of a real or _bona fide_ defence which ought to be
tried or as being some other reason for a trial – is a single issue of fact.
That issue is that the text messages and emails upon which the plaintiff
relies to seek summary judgment are open to many interpretations and must be
read in the contemporaneous context in which they were made. In particular,
the defendant’s submission is that the court must bear in mind that the
parties were in a long-term romantic relationship and that that relationship
was in its terminal stages when the defendant sent the 14 October 2013 email.
That contemporaneous context, the defendant submits, can be investigated only
at trial. She says it is unsafe for the court to draw any inferences from
these communications on affidavit evidence alone. Thus she claims to be
entitled to defend at trial not only claims 1, 2, 5, 6 and 7 (for which the
Assistant Registrar gave her unconditional leave to defend) but also claims 3
and 4 (for which the Assistant Registrar entered judgment in the sum of
$105,000 against her).

52 I accept the defendant's argument, but only on claims 1, 2, 5, 6 and 7, and
even then, only up to a point.

The 14 October 2013 email: very probably admissions

53 I begin my analysis by considering more closely the central document in
this case: the 14 October 2013 email. This is the primary evidence that the
plaintiff relies on to support his oral evidence with regard to claims 1, 2, 3
and 7. I place great weight on this email and therefore analyse it first,
before considering the plaintiff’s claims one by one.

54 It appears to me that the 14 October 2013 email is on its face a clear
admission that claims 1, 2 and 3 were loans and not gifts and, in respect of
claim 7, that the plaintiff is entitled to control the disposal of the car.

The defendant’s purpose in sending the email

55 I begin my analysis of the 14 October 2013 email by noting that it is
obviously preceded by a request by the plaintiff to sell the car. The
defendant’s sole purpose in this email is to plead with the plaintiff not to
sell the car – which the defendant endearingly calls “snow white” – but for
him to let her keep it instead. Her plea to the plaintiff not to sell the car
is, on its face, an acknowledgment that the plaintiff has the right to decide
whether and when to sell it. The clear inference from that is that he, and not
she, is the owner of the car as at 14 October 2013.

56 Further, the defendant would not have to plead with the plaintiff in this
way at all if what the defendant says is true: that the plaintiff made a gift
to her of the $120,000 he advanced to her to purchase the car in March 2013.
What she is doing in this email is pleading with him to make a gift of the car
to her at the date of the email, 14 October 2013. That is necessary only if
she is proceeding on the basis that he did not make a gift of it to her in
March 2013.

57 The defendant then makes three points in this email to support her plea
that the plaintiff now make a gift of the car to her. All three of these
points are presented, not as points in their own right, but as subsidiary to
and supportive of her sole purpose.

58 First, she tells him that she will lose a great deal if the car is sold: it
is her only luxury. Second, she points out that he will not lose a great deal
if the car is not sold: giving it to her will not make him poor. Finally, and
most importantly, she makes the point that her request to him to make a gift
of the car to her is the first time in the course of their relationship that
she is asking him for a lavish gift of any type. She reminds him that she
never took financial advantage of him by playing on their relationship to
persuade him to buy her lavish gifts at any time during the entirety of their
seven-year relationship.

59 It is at this juncture – while presenting her case to be gifted the car in
October 2013 as the only lavish gift she has ever asked for – that the
defendant refers to the sums which the plaintiff advanced to her under claims
1, 2 and 3. She uses the fact that these sums are loans and not gifts, and
that she _accepts_ them to be loans and not gifts, as evidence of her point
that she has never before sought such a lavish gift from him as she now seeks
and as support for her plea for him to make _this_ lavish gift to her.

The 14 October 2013 email does not appear to be taken out of context

60 The defendant’s point that this email is taken out of context is extremely
weak. The context, she says, is that the parties were then engaged in a cold
war, or a civilised argument, as their relationship was coming to an end.
There are two difficulties with this explanation.

61 The first difficulty is that the contemporaneous text messages and emails
in September 2013 and October 2013 which the plaintiff has produced bear no
trace of a cold war or a civilised argument, let alone of a relationship that
was over or all but over. The defendant appears to accept this point, but
invites the court to observe that the parties adopted a far less affectionate
tone in these communications in September 2013 and October 2013 than in other
communications between the parties which she produces. But these other
communications took place when the parties first met in 2007 and when they
resumed their relationship after their break in 2010\. It is not surprising
that by September and October 2013, the parties’ ardour had cooled from the
heady days when they were falling in love in 2007 or falling in love again in
2010. That to my mind is a convincing explanation why the communications in
September 2013 and October 2013 were more mundane and less overtly
affectionate than the earlier communications upon which the defendant relies.
But that is the most that can be said of them. It cannot be said that they
evidence in any way a cold war or a civilised argument.

62 Most importantly to my mind, the actual email to which the defendant was
responding in her 14 October 2013 email, and which sets the immediate context
for her two admissions, is a mundane and innocuous email from the plaintiff
simply updating the defendant on his holiday in Indonesia with his ex-wife and
his daughter. The text messages exchanged by the parties the day after the 14
October 2013 email are equally mundane and entirely civil. None of these
communications – immediately before, on and immediately after 14 October 2013
– show any trace of a civilised argument, let alone anger, giving rise to a
subtext or a context which would warrant the defendant’s admissions in that
crucial email being interpreted anything but literally.

63 It cannot be said either that the plaintiff has offered a window into the
parties’ communications limited to immediately before and immediately after 14
October 2013. He has put in a broad range of communication from the end of
August 2013 until October 2013. All of it contradicts the defendant’s
assertion that the 14 October 2013 email cannot be read literally because it
was sent in the context of a cold war or a civilised argument.

64 The second difficulty with the defendant’s cold war explanation is that
even if that argument is true, it would give the defendant’s admissions in the
14 October 2013 email more weight, not less. If it were indeed true that the
parties were engaged in a cold war when the defendant sent her email of 14
October 2013, and if it were indeed true that she was responding to the
plaintiff’s false allegation that the sums advanced under claims 1, 2, 3 and 7
were loans and not gifts, it is to my mind far more likely that she would have
responded by _rejecting_ his false assertion rather than by _adopting_ the
false assertion as an artifice to get him to withdraw it and to acknowledge
the truth. A party to a relationship which is still good has a clear emotional
motive to dissemble and to be less than plainspoken. A party engaged in an
argument, even if it is civilised and especially when it comes at the end of
an intimate relationship, no longer has any reason to dissemble and has every
reason to be plainspoken. If a party makes an admission in that context, it
carries far more weight than one made when their relationship is good.

An admission need not be contemporaneous

65 The defendant’s argument that her statements in this email come after the
fact and are not contemporaneous with the advances which underlie claims 1, 2,
3 and 7 is not to the point. The plaintiff relies on this email as _evidence_
of a loan (for claims 1, 2 and 3) or as _evidence_ of ownership (for claim 7)
and not as an agreement to borrow, an undertaking to repay or an undertaking
to return the car.

66 These statements are evidence in support of the plaintiff’s claim because
they are admissions. The evidential force of an admission does not come from
how close in time the admission is to the facts which are being admitted. The
evidential force of an admission comes from the fact that it is a statement
against the maker’s interests. Indeed, it could even be said that the longer
the period between the facts in question and the admission of those facts, the
more weight the admission has. If a length of time elapses between the facts
and the admission, that suggests more strongly that the admission ought to be
taken at face value. The lapse of time tends to show that the statement is a
considered one, made with time to reflect on its subject matter.

67 I now turn to consider each of the plaintiff’s claims. I take them in two
groups: claims 1, 2 and 7 first, followed by claims 3 and 4 then claims 5 and
6.

The plaintiff’s claims: judgment or leave to defend?

Claims 1, 2 and 7: leave to defend, not judgment

68 For the reasons set out at [53]–[65] above, I accept that the 14 October
2013 email contains the defendant’s admission that the plaintiff’s advances
under claims 1, 2 and 7 were loans. On claim 7, I also find it telling that
the plaintiff paid the road tax for the car – something which only an owner
would be likely to do – when it fell due.

69 I am mindful, however, that the submissions I have heard and the
conclusions I have formed come on a summary judgment application and not at
the end of a trial. The defendant has, in her affidavits, offered at least
_some_ explanation of the basis on which she asserts the plaintiff intended
the advances under claims 1, 2 and 7 to be gifts to her. Although I find that
explanation difficult to accept in the light of her admissions in the 14
October 2013 email, I cannot say now that her explanation is inherently
incredible. I bear in mind particularly the intimate nature of the parties’
relationship. I bear in mind also that the relationship endured for seven
years and was a marriage in all but name. While I consider that I can construe
the _text_ of the 14 October 2013 email on the material before me now, I
consider equally that the circumstances of this case make oral evidence and
cross-examination necessary to understand fully the _subtext_ and the
_context_ of the 14 October 2013 email before arriving at a final
determination of the parties’ rights and obligations.

70 For this reason, I consider that the defendant is entitled to leave to
defend on claims 1, 2 and 7. I consider at [80] below precisely what form that
leave to defend should take.

Claims 3 and 4: judgment for the plaintiff

Claim 3: the advances for the V on Shenton unit

71 For the reasons set out above, I accept that the 14 October 2013 email
contains the defendant’s admission that the plaintiff’s advances under claim 3
also were loans. Despite the point I make at [69] above, however, I am
satisfied that the plaintiff is entitled to judgment on this claim. I say this
for two reasons.

72 First, the defendant has not supplied any context in her affidavit to
indicate why her admission in her email dated 14 October 2013 should not be
read literally as far as the money advanced for the _V on Shenton unit_ is
concerned. It will be recalled that the defendant said the following in her 14
October 2013 email: “As for the LV, and Shenton you said it was on loan right?
So, i will pay you back as soon as I am in better financial situation.” The
defendant’s explanation in her affidavit of the underlying context to this
statement is confined to the _Langston Ville unit_.[note: 66] In other words,
the defendant has not even asserted on oath that she made this statement in
her 14 October 2013 in connection with the _V on Shenton unit_ in an attempt
to shame the plaintiff into rising to the occasion as a gentleman and
acknowledging that the money he had advanced her towards the purchase price of
the _V on Shenton unit_ was a gift. There is therefore no evidential basis on
which to read the admission in the 14 October 2013 email as regards the _V on
Shenton unit_ anything other than literally.

73 Second, taking the defendant’s case at face value, she has offered
absolutely no basis, rational or otherwise, to explain why the plaintiff would
have advanced her a total sum of $205,000 towards the purchase price of the V
on Shenton unit, but would have classified only $105,000 of that advance as a
loan and the remaining $100,000 as a gift. This is all the more puzzling given
that the plaintiff advanced the money for the V on Shenton unit to the
defendant in three tranches of $50,000 on 13 August 2012, $5,000 on 21 August
2012 and $150,000 on 6 November 2012.[note: 67] The defendant’s repayments of
$100,000 on 19 December 2012 and $5,000 on 27 February 2013 bear no
relationship to any of these tranches, whether as to amounts or as to dates,
and whether taken alone or in combination.

74 For these reasons, I consider that the Assistant Registrar was correct in
entering judgment against the defendant for the balance sum of $100,000 owing
on the loan for the V on Shenton unit. I therefore leave his decision on this
claim undisturbed.

Claim 4: advance of $5,000 on 13 July 2013

75 The defendant admits that claim 4 was indeed a loan. Although the path from
this claim to judgment on it was not smooth (see [87]–[88] below), the
Assistant Registrar was sufficiently satisfied on this point to enter judgment
against her for this sum of $5,000 on 4 April 2014.

76 The defendant repaid the plaintiff this sum of $5,000 on 18 June 2014,
after judgment had been entered against her, conceding that it was by then due
and payable.[note: 68] Claim 4 has therefore not only been admitted and
adjudicated, it has been satisfied. I therefore need say nothing further about
it.

77 The Assistant Registrar was correct to have entered judgment against the
defendant for claim 4. I therefore leave his decision on this claim
undisturbed.

Claims 5 and 6: conditional leave to defend

78 The evidence which the plaintiff relies on to support claim 5 is the
defendant’s text message she sent to the plaintiff on the day of the transfer.
In that text message she says: “… thank you for everything. I owe you a lot,
sighhh”. The plaintiff invites me to construe this as a specific admission of
a _financial_ and _legal_ debt of $5,000 to the plaintiff, and not merely as a
general allusion to a _moral_ or _social_ debt which she owes him. I accept
the defendant’s submission that this text message is not an unequivocal
admission that the sum advanced by the plaintiff to the defendant on that day
is a loan. In the absence of anything which can be construed as an admission
on its face in relation to this claim, I accept that the plaintiff’s case on
claim 5 comes down to a direct conflict of oral evidence. The plaintiff has no
evidence other than his own self-serving statement to support claim 6. It is
one which therefore ought to go to trial in the ordinary way.

79 For this reason, I consider that the defendant is entitled to leave to
defend claims 5 and 6.

Conditional leave to defend

Why impose a condition

80 I now consider the form of the leave to defend which I should grant the
defendant on claims 1, 2, 5, 6 and 7.

81 The classic formulation is that conditional leave to defend is the
appropriate order when the defendant has succeeded in showing a reasonable
probability of a real or _bona fide_ defence which ought to be tried, but that
defence is shadowy. Characterising a defence as shadowy is as much a matter of
impression as it is of analysis. If one tries to capture that characterisation
in words, one can say that a defence is shadowy if the defendant’s evidence is
barely sufficient to rise to the level of showing a reasonable probability of
a _bona fide_ defence. Alternatively, one can say a defence is shadowy if the
evidence is such that the plaintiff has very nearly succeeded in securing
judgment.

82 The modern English approach to this question is drawn from paragraph 4 of
Practice Direction 24 which accompanies Part 24 of the Civil Procedure Rules
1998 (SI 1998 No 3132) (UK) (“CPR”). Part 24 of the CPR is the successor to
Order 14 of the Rules of the Supreme Court 1965 (SI 1965 No 1776) (UK), from
which our Order 14 is taken. Paragraph 4 reads as follows: “Where it appears
to the court possible that a ... defence may succeed but improbable that it
will do so, the court may make a conditional order ...”. It is true that Part
24 of the CPR is considerably different from both the old English Order 14 and
our Order 14, not least because there is no longer a concept of leave to
defend under the CPR. It is also true that there is no express basis for the
modern English approach in our own Rules of Court or Practice Directions.
However, I consider that the words of O 14 r 4(1) and the very wide discretion
that it confers are more than wide enough to accommodate the modern English
approach as a useful alternative to the more conventional “shadowy defence”
formulation.

83 On claims 1, 2 and 7, I consider it appropriate to impose a condition on
the defendant’s leave to defend. In my view, the plaintiff has a strong case
on these three claims in light of the defendant’s admission on the face of her
14 October 2013 email read with the substantial documentary evidence of its
subtext and context that the plaintiff has produced. That makes it appear to
me that, while there is a possibility that the defendant will succeed at trial
in showing – whether through oral evidence or through discovery – a different
subtext or context to her admissions, it seems to me improbable that she will
do so. Nothing I say now about the possibility or the probability of the
defendant succeeding at trial should, of course, be taken as pre-empting the
outcome of that trial. I have said what I have said simply to explain why it
appears to me just to grant the defendant, whom I have found to have succeeded
in raising a triable issue, conditional rather than unconditional leave to
defend.

84 On claim 5 and 6, I also consider it appropriate to impose a condition on
the defendant’s leave to defend. I say this because I have serious
difficulties with the overall credibility of the defendant which lead me to
doubt her bare denials of these two claims. I summarise these difficulties at
[85]–[88] below. These difficulties leave me with the overriding impression
that the defendant’s defences on claims 5 and 6 – and indeed also on claims 1,
2 and 7 – are shadowy.

Defendant’s credibility is suspect

The defendant admits only what she is compelled to admit

85 It appears to me that the defendant is playing a tactical game of admitting
only what she is forced to admit. She has done this on at least two occasions.

86 First, in her defence, she pleads that all of the sums advanced by the
plaintiff to her were gifts, save for the $105,000 which she has repaid. She
offers no rational basis in her defence, in her affidavits or in her
submissions as to why this sum of $105,000 – which she accepts is a loan – is
distinguishable from the rest of the sums which the plaintiff advanced to her.
The inference I draw is that the true distinction is nothing more than the
fact that the defendant has repaid these sums and that the defendant’s pleaded
admission comes about not because she wishes to be candid with the court, but
because she realises that she cannot plausibly deny that the amount she has
repaid was a loan.

87 Second, the defendant denies in her defence that the sum of $5,000 advanced
under claim 4 was a loan.[note: 69] But when the plaintiff applied for summary
judgment and filed his affidavit in support, he exhibited her admission by
text message that this sum was indeed a loan. The defendant then accepted in
her affidavit in response[note: 70] that this sum was a loan, contradicting
her pleadings.

88 That was not, however, the end of the defendant’s changes of position on
claim 4. At the hearing of the summary judgment application on 2 April 2014,
the defendant through counsel accepted unequivocally that the sum of $5,000
comprised in claim 4 was a loan and indicated unequivocally that the defendant
was prepared for judgment to be entered against her in that amount. However,
when the parties next appeared before the Assistant Registrar just two days
later on 4 April 2014, the defendant’s position had changed yet again. Now,
she took the position through counsel that although she had admitted in her
affidavit that this advance was a loan, she had not admitted in her affidavit
that the loan was _due and payable_. The allegation that claim 5 comprised a
loan which was not due and payable was a point which she had never raised in
her defence or in her affidavit and appeared to be one which had occurred to
her between 2 April 2014 and 4 April 2014. As a result, her counsel’s
instructions on 4 April 2014 were that, because she had never admitted that
the loan was due and payable, she was unequivocally opposed to judgment being
entered against her for this amount.[note: 71] The Assistant Registrar
nevertheless entered judgment against her for this amount. She eventually
repaid the loan on 18 June 2014, asserting as I have said, that she accepted
that it had then become due and payable.[note: 72]

The defendant amends her affidavit to withdraw an admission

89 The defendant has also attempted to withdraw a critical admission on claim
3. In paragraphs 25 and 26 of her first affidavit, the defendant admitted that
the entire sum of $205,000 comprised in claim 3 was a loan:[note: 73]

25\. The Plaintiff knows that I have every intention of paying back the sum of
$205,000 for the acquisition of the V on Shenton Unit.

26\. In fact, I had made a repayment of $100,000 on 19 December 2012 and
$5,000 on 27 February 2013. This was admitted by the Plaintiff in paragraph 6
of his Statement of Claim, and at paragraph 13 of his 1st affidavit.

90 The defendant then withdrew this admission in her supplementary affidavit
filed a week before her summary judgment application was heard. In her
supplementary affidavit, she characterises the admission in paragraph 25 of
her first affidavit as “a typographical error” and says that paragraph 25
should be amended by replacing the figure “$205,000” with “$105,000”. The
effect of that amendment, of course, is to confine herself to admitting only
that she took a loan of $105,000 (not $205,000) and asserting that she has
repaid it in full (not in part only).

91 Paragraph 25 of the defendant’s first affidavit as amended does not sit
well with paragraph 26 of that affidavit. As originally drafted, these two
paragraphs read together make perfect sense. The defendant admits that the
entirety of claim 3 is a loan, asserts that she has every intention of
repaying all of the $205,000 lent and deposes that she has in fact made a part
repayment of $105,000 out of that $205,000 long before the litigation
commenced.

92 The amendment to these paragraphs is intended to make them refer to a loan
of only $105,000 which has been fully repaid. But they do not read that way
easily or naturally. As amended, the first paragraph speaks of the defendant’s
_present intention_ to repay $105,000 to the plaintiff. A present intention to
repay can only be in respect of a _future_ repayment. One cannot have a
present intention to repay that which has already been repaid. But paragraph
26 then speaks of a repayment of $105,000 which has already taken place.

93 The plaintiff submits that what happened is this. The defendant’s initial
strategy was to admit only what could be proved. So she took the position in
her defence that she borrowed only as much as she had repaid. The defendant
then saw the plaintiff’s affidavit. She realised that he had proof, in the
form of her admission in the 14 October 2013 email, that the advance of
$205,000 for the V on Shenton unit was a loan. Consistent with her strategy,
she decided to accept that the entire amount comprised in claim 3 was a loan
and said so in her affidavit. She then realised that she could rely on the
context to the 14 October 2013 email as a plausible basis on which to deny
that the admissions should read literally and as a convenient pretext for
trial. So she had a change of heart and changed her position again. I have no
way to determine on affidavits alone whether the plaintiff’s theory is indeed
what happened.

94 As against this, the defendant’s counsel explained before the Assistant
Registrar that the change came about because of a typographical error on his
firm’s part. Coming from counsel, I readily take that explanation at face
value. But that explains only why the figure originally read “$205,000” rather
than “$105,000”. It is for the defendant to go on and explain what precisely
she meant in the following paragraph, given the disconnect I have identified
above caused by changing the figure in paragraph 25. No such explanation was
forthcoming or foreshadowed.

95 For this reason too, I consider the defendant’s credibility suspect.

No basis to appropriate the $105,000 repayment as the defendant does

96 The defendant has offered no basis whatsoever for appropriating her
repayment of $105,000 to the loan for the V on Shenton unit. I have made the
point above that the amounts of the two repayments which the plaintiff made
cannot be matched to the amounts of the three tranches in which the plaintiff
advanced funds for the V on Shenton unit. The plaintiff makes the point that
these sums were referable, not to the loans for the V on Shenton unit, but to
the overall state of the defendant’s indebtedness to the plaintiff. The fact
of the repayments is then circumstantial evidence that the defendant thereby
acknowledged a larger debt to the plaintiff. There is force in the plaintiff’s
submission.

97 This is yet another instance in which the defendant’s case raised questions
rather than dispelling them, thereby contributing to the overall impression
that her defence is shadowy.

The defendant has access to documents

98 The defendant asserts that there are “many relevant documents” (see [23]
above) to prove her case which she does not have because she has deleted them.
She asserts also that the plaintiff _does_ have these documents but is
suppressing them.[note: 74] There are four reasons why these assertions are
not credible.

99 First, there are no obvious signs in the documents which the plaintiff has
produced that there are other documents unfavourable to his case which he has
suppressed.

100 Second, if what the defendant says is true, she should at least be able to
_describe_ one or more of these “many relevant documents”, even if she cannot
produce the documents because she has deleted them. But the defendant does not
even do that. Bereft of any such details, the defendant’s assertion that such
documents exist, let alone have been suppressed, is of little weight.

101 Third, despite her claim that she no longer has possession of any such
documents, the defendant has been able to produce and exhibit in her
affidavit: (i) a card from the plaintiff to her dated 22 November 2007;[note:
75] (ii) an email from the plaintiff to her dated 5 August 2009;[note: 76] and
(iii) another card from the plaintiff to her dated 25 November 2010.[note: 77]
Her blanket assertion that she has deleted “ _all_ the messages and emails”
therefore rings somewhat hollow.

102 Fourth, as I have mentioned above, the plaintiff offered to source and
pay, in the first instance, for computer specialists who could recover her
deleted text messages and emails.[note: 78] The defendant failed entirely to
respond to this offer.

Defendant alludes to further oral evidence but does not produce it

103 It is for a defendant who wishes to meet her tactical burden on a summary
judgment application to bring forward all the evidence necessary to support
the grounds on which she says she should be granted unconditional leave to
defend. Evidence in this sense includes not just documentary evidence but also
the defendant’s own evidence given on oath or affirmation in her affidavits.
That type of evidence is still evidence, even if it will be slight weight if
uncorroborated and unsupported by documents. Weight is an entirely separate
issue. But if that evidence is not adduced at all, it can carry no weight at
all.

104 A defendant cannot hope to secure unconditional leave to defend by saying
simply that she has oral evidence to give which will defeat the plaintiff’s
claim, but that she will give that oral evidence at trial once she has been
granted unconditional leave to defend. That is to put the horse after the
cart. That is precisely what the defendant does. In her first affidavit, she
says this:[note: 79]

There are many events in our relationship which when heard, I say will show
that the monies he claims were not loans. This will be oral evidence. After
all, the relationship spanned over 6 years.

105 If the defendant has oral evidence to give at trial about these “many
events” which show that the plaintiff’s advances to her were not loans but
were gifts, she should set that oral evidence out in detail in her affidavits
opposing the plaintiff’s summary judgment application. She cannot manufacture
a triable issue by making a cryptic allusion to unspecified oral evidence in
her affidavit while holding back the oral evidence itself for trial and asking
the court to wait and see what it is.

106 The fact that the defendant has taken this approach, in itself, undermines
her credibility.

Approach to determining the condition to be imposed

Purpose of the condition

107 For all of these reasons, I consider that the defendant should have only
conditional leave to defend claims 1, 2, 5, 6 and 7\. I now turn to consider
what the condition should be.

108 Order 14 r 4(1) allows the court “to give a defendant ... leave to defend
the action ... on such terms as to giving security or time or mode of trial or
otherwise as it thinks fit”. This gives the court a wide discretion as to the
type of condition to impose on a grant of leave to defend to ensure that
justice is done in any particular case. As O 14 r 4(1) anticipates, however,
the condition imposed typically requires the defendant to provide security in
one form or other for all or part of the plaintiff’s claim.

109 There is no starting point for the exercise when the court considers how
to exercise its discretion as to the quantum of security to require of a
defendant who is to be granted conditional leave to defend under O 14 r 4(1).
As the Court of Appeal said in _Mohd Zain bin Abdullah v Chimbusco
International Petroleum (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2014] 2 SLR
446 (“ _Chimbusco_ ”) at [39]:

… The court’s discretion … under O14 r 4(1) of the Rules of Court … is
unqualified and widely framed. A starting point would detract from the
latitude which these provisions seek to grant the court. Further, the court
may impose any condition which it sees fit and need not confine itself to
ordering that security be provided. We are therefore of the view that the
court ought not to begin with any starting point in mind in determining the
amount of security to be provided, and should therefore instead exercise its
discretion flexibly to meet the needs of the case before it.

110 Requiring a defendant whose defence is shadowy or improbable to furnish
security for the claim as a condition of securing leave to defend serves two
purposes. First, it requires the defendant to show some degree of commitment
to the defence she has advanced before she can have her day in court. That
ensures, to the extent that it is possible to do so, that she is not stringing
the plaintiff and the court along by advancing shadowy or improbable defences
merely to gain the many advantages which accrue to a debtor from delay.

111 The second purpose of requiring a defendant to furnish security as a
condition is to preserve the claimant’s position, to the extent that it is
possible to do so, pending trial: _Chimbusco_ at [20]. Security which is
provided pursuant to court order is security in the true sense of the word.
The secured party has access to that source of payment in priority to all
other creditors in the event of the opposing party’s insolvency. That is so
whether the security is provided to comply with a condition of leave to defend
(_Re Ford; ex parte the Trustee_ [1900] 2 QB 211) or as security for costs
(_Cheng Lip Kwong v Bangkok Bank Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 941).

The factors to bear in mind in fixing the condition

112 The quantum of the security to be required of a defendant must be fixed
with the following two factors in mind:

(a) Doing justice to the plaintiff in light of the strength of the plaintiff’s
case and the uncertainties attached to the defendant’s defences; and

(b) Doing justice to the defendant in light of her financial means.

113 In _MV Yorke Motors (a firm) v Edwards_ [1982] 1 WLR 444 (“ _Yorke Motors_
”), the House of Lords considered the proper approach to the second of these
two factors. In that case, the defendant raised a triable issue, but it was
one which had extremely remote prospects of success (at 448G). The case went
through all four tiers of the English system. The Master gave the defendant
unconditional leave to defend. The judge in chambers granted the defendant
leave to defend on condition that he pay £12,000 into court. The Court of
Appeal reduced the amount to be paid into court to £3,000. The House of Lords
left the Court of Appeal’s decision undisturbed and dismissed the defendant’s
final appeal.

114 The defendant appealed to the House of Lords on the basis that requiring
him to give security for the plaintiff's claim violated the following
principle (at 449B):

...if the sum ordered to be paid as a condition of granting leave to defend is
one which the defendant would never be able to pay, then that would be a
wrongful exercise of discretion, because it would be tantamount to giving
judgment for the plaintiff notwithstanding the court’s opinion that there was
an issue or question in dispute which ought to be tried.

The House of Lords accepted this principle (at 449C), but held on the facts
that requiring the defendant to give security did not violate it.

115 The evidence in _Yorke Motors_ showed that the defendant had been granted
a legal aid certificate with nil contribution, did not own his own home, was
unemployed, was in receipt of benefits from the state and could not afford to
pay £12,000 into court. The evidence also showed that the defendant was
engaged in buying and selling motor vehicles for cash, _ie_ that he had a
source of income.

116 Lord Diplock considered all of this evidence and said the following at
449H:

... as Brandon L.J. pointed out:

“The fact that the man has no capital of his own does not mean that he cannot
raise any capital; he may have friends, he may have business associates, he
may have relatives, all of whom can help him in his hour of need.”

All that [the defendant] himself had sworn was: “I do not have £12,000 nor is
there any likelihood of my raising that _or any similar sum_ ” (my emphasis).
I can see no reason why the Court of Appeal should not be entitled to infer
that, although it might be difficult, it would not be impossible for [the
defendant] to find security, if his defence were put forward in good faith;
nor do I see any ground on which this House could interfere with the way in
which the Court of Appeal exercised the discretion ... by fixing £3,000 as the
appropriate amount of security”.

117 In the course of his judgment, Lord Diplock endorsed as correct the
following three propositions advanced by the plaintiff (at 449C):

(i) Where a defendant seeks to avoid or limit a financial condition by reason
of his own impecuniosity the onus is upon the defendant to put sufficient and
proper evidence before the court. He should make full and frank disclosure.
(ii) It is not sufficient for a legally aided defendant to rely on there being
a legal aid certificate. A legally aided defendant with a nil contribution may
be able to pay or raise substantial sums. (iii) A defendant cannot complain
because a financial condition is difficult for him to fulfil. He can complain
only when a financial condition is imposed which it is impossible for him to
fulfil and that impossibility was known or should have been known to the court
by reason of the evidence placed before it.

118 From _Yorke Motors_ , I distil the following three principles which guide
me in considering the second of the two factors I have identified at [112]
above:

(a) Having decided to grant a defendant leave to defend, it is wrong in
principle to impose a condition on that leave which the defendant would find
impossible – as opposed to merely difficult – to comply with;

(b) The defendant bears the burden, in every sense of the word, of showing
that it would be impossible – as opposed to merely difficult – to comply with
a condition which the court proposes to impose on the leave to defend;

(c) In discharging that burden, the defendant has a duty fully and frankly to
disclose her financial position to the court; and

(d) In considering whether it is impossible – as opposed to merely difficult –
for the defendant to comply with the condition, it is legitimate to have
regard not just to the defendant’s own financial resources, but also to the
financial resources of those who might reasonably be expected to extend
financial assistance to her in her hour of need.

119 I also note from the facts of _Yorke Motors_ just how high the burden on
the defendant is to show that the condition imposed is impossible, as opposed
to being merely difficult. If the defendant in that case was unable to show
that the condition imposed was impossible as opposed to merely difficult, all
but the utterly impecunious will find it extremely difficult to do so.

120 The approach in _Yorke Motors_ was approved by the Court of Appeal in
_Chimbusco_ at [20]. It has also been followed in a number of first instance
cases including _International Bank of Singapore Ltd v Bader_ [1989] 1 MLJ
214; and _Citibank NA v Lim Soo Peng and Another_ [2004] SGHC 266. I adopt it
in this case.

The defendant should furnish security for the entire claim

121 In the circumstances of this case, I consider it just that the defendant
ought, as a condition of obtaining leave to defend, secure the plaintiff for
the entirety of his claim. The value of the plaintiff’s unadjudicated claim is
$398,300. This is the total value of claims 1, 2, 5, 6 and 7. I have left
claim 3 out of account because I have not allowed the defendant any sort of
leave to defend that claim, adjudging her liable to pay this sum. I have left
claim 4 out of account because the defendant no longer contests that claim
and, indeed, has satisfied it in full.

122 In the procedural history of this case, I actually arrived at this
decision on two separate occasions. The first occasion was immediately after
hearing the parties’ submissions on the appeal against the Assistant
Registrar’s decision. At that time, the defendant had not placed any material
before me about her financial means. The second occasion was after acceding to
a request by the defendant to present further arguments to me as to why her
leave to defend should not be subject to conditions. I explain the grounds for
my decision at each point in time.

My initial order

123 I arrived at my initial order for the following reasons. On the first of
the two factors, as I have said, I had serious doubts about the credibility of
the defendant’s bare denials of the entirety of the plaintiff's remaining
unadjudicated claims. In addition, I came very close to granting the plaintiff
judgment on claims 1, 2 and 7. To my mind, the plaintiff had fallen just short
of securing an immediate judgment in his favour for very nearly the full sum
of $398,300.

124 As for the second factor, it is true that I did not have before me at that
time any evidence on which to assess the defendant’s financial means. But the
defendant’s counsel did not ask me to defer my decision in order for her to
have an opportunity to place any such evidence before me. And I did not
consider that the defendant was taken by surprise by an order for conditional
leave. The plaintiff had put the defendant on notice at the hearing before the
Assistant Registrar that he would seek an order for conditional lave to defend
if he did not succeed in securing judgment[note: 80] (_cf Anglo-Eastern Trust
Limited & Anor v Roohallah Kermanshahchi_ [2002] EWCA Civ 198 at [41] _per_
Park J and [70] _per_ Brooke LJ).

125 On the merits of the second factor, I did not, in making my initial
decision, consider that a condition that the defendant secure the entirety of
the plaintiff’s unadjudicated claim would be impossible – as opposed to be
merely difficult – for her to fulfil for four reasons. First, the amount of
the security, $398,300, did not appear to be a large sum when compared to the
other sums that defendant dealt in. This included the sum of $105,000 which
the defendant had, by her own admission, borrowed from and repaid to the
plaintiff within a matter of months. This included also the defendant’s
financial commitment in contracting to purchase the V on Shenton unit. Second,
there was evidence before me that the defendant is a property agent and
earning an income of the same order of magnitude as the security I was to
order (see [30] above). Third, it appeared to me to be reasonable to expect
the defendant to be able to turn at least to her new husband for assistance in
fulfilling the condition. Finally, I was prepared to give the defendant the
option of returning the car to the plaintiff and providing security reduced in
value by $120,000.

126 Bearing all of the above in mind, and applying the principles distilled
from _Yorke Motors_ , I considered it only just that the defendant show her
commitment to her defence by providing security for the full amount of the
plaintiff’s unadjudicated claim so that the plaintiff would not be prejudiced
by the inevitable delay in proceeding to trial on a claim which, on my
assessment, he was likely to succeed in. I did, however, provide that if the
defendant restored the car to the plaintiff’s possession, she need furnish
security only for $278,300, _ie_ for the unadjudicated claim of $398,300 less
the value of the sum advanced for the car.

My initial order stands despite further arguments

127 Following my order granting the defendant conditional leave to defend, the
defendant sought an opportunity to present further arguments on the condition
imposed and sought to leave to place evidence of her financial position before
me. I acceded to both requests.

128 The defendant submits that the evidence she has placed before me shows
that it is impossible – and not merely difficult – for her to comply with the
condition which I have attached to her leave to defend. To support her
submissions, she gives evidence to the following effect:

(a) Her assets and liabilities are such that, assuming that she sells both the
Langston Ville unit and the V on Shenton unit within 6 months, her net asset
position will be only $205,602.96 at the end of that period. That is
substantially less than the amount of security she needs to provide in order
to defend the claim.[note: 81]

(b) Her income and expenditure is such that her income[note: 82] is far less
than her monthly expenditure of $10,668.83.[note: 83]

(c) Her husband, relatives and friends are all unable to help her
financially.[note: 84]

129 Having considered the defendant’s evidence and both parties’ submissions,
I decline to vary my original order. I come to this decision for the following
reasons.

130 First, the plaintiff underlines her lack of credibility by revealing only
at this late stage that she sold the car for $108,700[note: 85] on 6 March
2014. That was two weeks after the plaintiff filed his summary judgment
application, well before the plaintiff’s summary judgment application came up
for hearing before the Assistant Registrar and long before the parties’
appeals came up for hearing before me. Yet, the plaintiff failed to inform her
counsel of this important fact and permitted him to make his submissions to
the Assistant Registrar and to me on the basis that she was still in
possession of the car and in a position to return it if ordered to do so.

131 Second, the defendant claims monthly expenditure of almost $11,000. But
her evidence, if true, means that she is sustaining this level of expenditure
with no visible means of support. She cannot be sustaining it out of income.
Her solicitors’ letter seeking an opportunity to present further arguments
asserts that she earned only $15,104 in the first six months of 2014.[note:
86] It is equally clear that she is not sustaining this level of expenditure
out of savings. The only bank account which she has disclosed which is in
credit is a single account with POSB said to have a balance of only
$5,605.[note: 87] Even then, she produces no bank statements for this account
to show movements in it since the litigation began. There is also no
explanation of how she is funding her legal fees for this action. Those sums
are not included in her monthly expenditure of almost $11,000 per month.[note:
88] It appears to me that the defendant must have, on the balance of
probabilities, a source of income, a source of savings or a source of credit,
if not all three, that she has not revealed and which is sustaining her level
of expenditure.

132 Third, the defendant has not explained what has happened to all the income
she has earned over the years. Her income tax notice of assessment for income
earned in the calendar year 2012 shows that she earned over $72,000 in that
year.[note: 89] She also produces a table prepared by her employer, Carence
Pte Ltd, showing that she earned over $106,000 in commissions on real estate
transactions in the nine months between February and November 2013.[note: 90]
She has not produced an income tax notice of assessment for the calendar year
2013\. She offers no explanation for not producing this notice of assessment.
I have no way of knowing whether that is all the income that she earned in the
calendar year 2013 or what has become of the money.

133 Fourth, on 21 May 2013, the defendant committed to a housing loan to
purchase the V on Shenton unit at a price of $1.027m.[note: 91] The quantum of
the loan was 60% of the purchase price. The plaintiff advanced $205,000, or
approximately 20% of the purchase price, to the defendant between August and
November 2012. The implication is that when she committed to this loan on 21
May 2013, she either had the balance 20% – approximately $205,000 – or she was
confident of being able to raise that money to fund the progress payments
until she could draw down on the loan. But she offers no explanation as to why
she says it is impossible for her to raise any funds at all to satisfy the
condition attached to the leave to defend I have extended to her.

134 Fifth, the defendant fails to explain what has become of substantial sums
of money which on her own evidence she has received. She offers no explanation
of what has become of the $108,700 which she collected upon the sale of the
car in March 2014. Her own evidence also shows that, in or about November 2013
and February 2014, she drew close to $100,000 in two tranches from an
unsecured credit facility with her bank.[note: 92] She offers no explanation
also as to what has become of this sum. Her counsel suggested in submission
that the money from the sale of the car was used to fund her day to day
expenses and that the money drawn from the bank’s credit facility was drawn to
fund an imminent payment for the V on Shenton unit. But there is nothing in
the defendant’s own affidavit to support these submissions.

135 Sixth, the defendant includes in her statement of liabilities full
provision for the almost $100,000 in loans she has drawn down on her unsecured
line of credit. But the bank statements she has produced show that these loans
are not immediately due and repayable but are repayable by monthly instalments
over 5 years. There is therefore no reason for her to deduct them in full from
her assets. Doing so shows an artificially depressed net asset position.

136 Her decision to treat the entire amount of these loans as a liability that
is immediately due and repayable despite the bank’s instalment payment plan
amounts to her statement that she would prefer to pay that sum of money to her
bank than to use it towards showing her commitment to her defence in these
proceedings. That indicates neither difficulty nor impossibility in complying
with the condition. It indicates rather a conscious choice to allocate her
financial resources so as to present the picture that it is impossible for her
to be able to do so.

137 Seventh, the defendant makes a bare assertion that her husband, relatives
and friends are all unable to help her: [note: 93]

I have also asked my husband, relatives and friends for help. They are limited
financially and are unable to provide me with the sums to meet the financial
conditions imposed on me by the honourable court.

I note specifically that the defendant’s assertion is that all of these people
are _unable_ to help her, not that they are _unwilling_ to do so.

138 I give this bald assertion no weight for three reasons. First, I would
have expected to see an affidavit from the defendant’s husband (at the very
least) to explain why he is unable to render financial assistance to his wife.
After all, if her commitment to her defence is well founded, the security will
be at no risk at all. In the absence of an affidavit from her husband, I would
have expected to see an explanation from the defendant why she could not
obtain such an affidavit. I have neither before me. Second, the defendant
gives no details whatsoever of her attempts to secure funding either from her
husband or from her friends and relatives. Third, the doubts I already
entertained about the defendant’s credibility when I made my initial order
were reinforced by her subsequent disclosure to me that she had sold the car
in March 2014. That meant that she had been far less than straightforward with
the court, and even with her own counsel, when the matter was initially
argued. For these reasons, the defendant’s bald assertion that her husband,
friends and relatives are unable to help her carries no weight.

139 Finally, the defendant gives evidence that, after my initial decision, she
satisfied the judgment in favour of the plaintiff on claim 3 by paying him the
sum of $100,000.[note: 94] She does not explain where this money came from. I
note also that she paid this amount – like the $5,000 – only when judgment was
entered against her for it. She also does not explain how her ability to pay
this amount is consistent with her disclosed financial position and with her
assertion that her husband and her friends and relatives are all unable to
assist her.

140 For all these reasons, I find that the defendant has failed to make the
requisite full and frank disclosure of her financial position. I find also
that the defendant has failed to satisfy me on the balance of probabilities
that it is impossible – as opposed to merely difficult – for her to furnish
security to the plaintiff in the sum of $398,300.

Conclusion

141 For all these reasons, I have dismissed the defendant’s appeal against the
judgment entered by the Assistant Registrar on claims 3 and 4. I have allowed
the plaintiff’s appeal and granted the defendant conditional leave to defend
claims 1, 2, 5, 6 and 7, the condition being that she furnish security to the
plaintiff for the amount of $398,300 by a banker's guarantee or solicitors’
undertaking within 30 days. Not knowing when I made the order that the
defendant had sold the car, I have also given the defendant the alternative of
returning the car to the plaintiff and furnishing security to the plaintiff in
the reduced amount of $278,300.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s 1st affidavit filed on 21 February 2014 (“P1”), paragraph
4; Defendant’s 1st affidavit filed on 7 March 2014 (“D1”) paragraph 6.

[note: 2]P1, paragraph 7; D1, paragraph 8.

[note: 3]D1, paragraph 8; Plaintiff’s 2nd affidavit filed on 21 March 2014
(“P2”), paragraph 6.

[note: 4]D1, paragraph 17.

[note: 5]P1, paragraph 6; D1, paragraph 10.

[note: 6]D1, paragraph 16.

[note: 7]D1, paragraph 37.

[note: 8]D1, paragraph 40.

[note: 9]P1, paragraph 9.

[note: 10]P1, paragraph 9.

[note: 11]P1, paragraph 10.

[note: 12]P1, paragraph 11.

[note: 13]P1, paragraph 11.

[note: 14]P1, paragraph 11.

[note: 15]Plaintiff’s statement of claim, prayer (iii).

[note: 16]Plaintiff’s statement of claim, prayer (iv).

[note: 17]P1, paragraph 16.

[note: 18]P1, page 16.

[note: 19]P1, paragraphs 14 and 15.

[note: 20]P1, paragraphs 14 and 15.

[note: 21]P1, paragraph 17 and page 18.

[note: 22]P1, paragraph 18.

[note: 23]P1, page 16.

[note: 24]Defence, paragraph 3; P1, paragraph 12.

[note: 25]Defence, paragraph 4.

[note: 26]D1, paragraph 15.

[note: 27]D1, paragraphs 19, 20 and 38.

[note: 28]D1, paragraph 38.

[note: 29]D1, paragraph 20.

[note: 30]D1, paragraph 25 read with D2, paragraph 5.

[note: 31]D1, paragraph 26.

[note: 32]D1, paragraph 27.

[note: 33]Defence, paragraph 4.

[note: 34]D1, paragraph 28.

[note: 35]D1, paragraph 30.

[note: 36]D1, paragraphs 33 and 34.

[note: 37]D1, paragraph 23

[note: 38]D1, paragraph 24.

[note: 39]D1, paragraphs 35 and 36.

[note: 40]D1, paragraph 7.

[note: 41]D1, paragraph 12.

[note: 42]D1, paragraph 22.

[note: 43]P2, paragraphs 24 to 26 and pages 43 to 45.

[note: 44]P2, paragraph 14 and pages 26 to 34.

[note: 45]P2, paragraph 15 and page 36.

[note: 46]P2, paragraph 17 and page 38.

[note: 47]P2, paragraph 22 and pages 40 to 41.

[note: 48]P2, paragraphs 27 to 28 and pages 47 and 48.

[note: 49]P2, paragraphs 30 to 32 and pages 50 to 53.

[note: 50]P2, paragraph 34.

[note: 51]D1, paragraph 10; P2, paragraph 12.

[note: 52]D1, paragraph 11.

[note: 53]P2, paragraphs 37 and 44.

[note: 54]P2, paragraph 39.

[note: 55]P2, paragraph 40.

[note: 56]P2, paragraph 42.

[note: 57]P2, paragraph 51.

[note: 58]P2, paragraph 49.

[note: 59]P2, paragraph 55.

[note: 60]P2, paragraph 35.

[note: 61]D1, paragraph 12.

[note: 62]NE 4 April 2014, page 8 line 4 to 16.

[note: 63]NE 4 April 2014, page 7 line 24 to 29.

[note: 64]NE 4 April 2014, page 8 line 28 to 30.

[note: 65]NE 4 April 2014, page 8 line 30 to 32.

[note: 66]D1, paragraph 24.

[note: 67]P1, paragraph 10.

[note: 68]Defendant’s skeletal submissions dated 19 June 2014, Annex A.

[note: 69]Defence, paragraph 4.

[note: 70]D1, paragraph 27.

[note: 71]NE 4 April 2014, page 3 line 4 to 18.

[note: 72]Defendant’s skeletal submissions dated 19 June 2014, Annex A.

[note: 73]D1, paragraph 25.

[note: 74]D1, paragraph 7.

[note: 75]D1, paragraph 6.

[note: 76]D1, paragraph 30.

[note: 77]D1, paragraph 15.

[note: 78]P2, paragraph 35.

[note: 79]D1, paragraph 37.

[note: 80]NE, 4 April 2014, page 3.

[note: 81]Defendant’s 3rd affidavit, filed on 12 August 2014, paragraph 5.

[note: 82]D3, page 71, 72, 74 and 75.

[note: 83]D3, paragraph 7.

[note: 84]D3, paragraph 10.

[note: 85]Defendant’s 4th affidavit filed on 14 August 2014 (“D4”), page 2.

[note: 86]D3, page 8, paragraph 9.

[note: 87]D3, paragraph 5, item 5.

[note: 88]D3, paragraph 11.

[note: 89]D3, page 75.

[note: 90]D3, page 74.

[note: 91]D3, page 46.

[note: 92]Defendant’s 3rd affidavit filed on 12 August 2014 (“D3”), page 70.

[note: 93]D3, paragraph 10.

[note: 94]D3, paragraph 5, item 6 in the table.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 May 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

