Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Global Tobacco Manufacturers (International) Sdn Bhd _v_ Jamal Abdulnaser
Mahmoud Al Mahamid  
[2015] SGCA 51

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 51 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 September 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Sundaresh Menon CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lai Tze Chang Stanley SC, Goh En-ci Gloria and Clara Tung
Yi Lin (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the appellant; Yew Woon Chooi, Foo Maw Jiun
and Quek Jie Ying (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Global Tobacco Manufacturers (International) Sdn Bhd — Jamal
Abdulnaser Mahmoud Al Mahamid  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2015] SGHC 42.]

29 September 2015|  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court _ex tempore_):

1 This is an appeal against the order of the Judicial Commissioner (“the
Judge”) invalidating the following mark of which the Appellant was the
registered proprietor (“the Appellant’s Mark”):

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

2 The Respondent is the registered proprietor of the following mark (“the
Respondent’s Mark”):

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

3 The contesting marks were both registered in respect of Class 34 goods and
services which comprises cigarette and related products. The Respondent’s Mark
was the first to be registered in Singapore, the date of registration being 7
June 2005. The application for registration of the Appellant’s Mark was filed
on 8 June 2012, and it was successfully registered on 29 November 2012 without
any opposition despite the Appellant having advertised its application for
registration on 14 September 2012.

4 Cigarettes bearing the Respondent’s Mark were sold in Singapore through
duty-free channels, primarily to ship chandlers (_ie_ , retail dealers
specialising in providing supplies to ships) who would then resell the same to
personnel on ships arriving at Singapore ports.

5 The Respondent brought the action to invalidate the registration of the
Appellant’s Mark. After a trial, the Judge found that the Appellant’s Mark was
in breach of s 8(2)(_b_) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) and ordered it to be invalidated under s 23(3)(_a_)(i) of the Act. The
Appellant brings the present appeal against the Judge’s decision.

6 We begin with some preliminary observations which we conveyed to counsel for
the Appellant, Dr Stanley Lai SC (“Dr Lai”) at the outset of his submissions.
We consider in this case that:

(a) the dominant element of both the composite marks is the textual component,
“Manchester”;

(b) the non-textual component has limited impact in differentiating the marks;

(c) the textual component is inherently distinctive in relation to the goods
in question, namely, cigarettes;

(d) the textual component of both marks is identical; and

(e) the marks are identical aurally and substantially similar visually and
conceptually.

7 In these circumstances, we consider that there is a high degree of
similarity between the marks.

8 The question then turns on the likelihood of confusion. The case law is
clear that the likelihood of confusion may be proved as a matter of inference
and that one undertakes an objective inquiry into this. In our judgment, two
points flow from this:

(a) First, the greater the degree of similarity between the goods and the
marks, the more readily will the likelihood of confusion be found; and

(b) Second, evidence of actual confusion, although helpful, is not a necessary
element of the cause of action.

9 In the course of his arguments, Dr Lai framed his argument by reference to
the fact that the Respondent is seeking to _invalidate_ the Appellant’s mark
and hence to displace rights that had been duly conferred pursuant to
registration effected in accordance with the appropriate procedures and which
had hitherto been lawfully exercised and indeed may continue to be exercised
until the registered mark has been invalidated. Dr Lai accepted that on the
plain meaning of the relevant statutory provisions, the fact that the process
for registration had been complied with did not foreclose a subsequent
application being brought to invalidate the mark. However, he argued that the
fact that the mark had been duly registered meant that the respondent had the
burden of showing to a _convincing_ degree the likelihood of confusion.
Although he did not quite frame it in this way, it seemed to us that he was
suggesting that more evidence would be required to discharge the burden of
proving the likelihood of confusion. Against the background of this
submission, he placed reliance on the fact that there had been no evidence of
actual confusion led by the respondent in the proceedings below. Nor was there
evidence of how particular segments of the likely consumer base might perceive
the respective trademarks or of how consumers may (or may not) be confused.
Counsel for the Respondent, Ms Yew Woon Chooi (“Ms Yew”) challenged these
contentions.

10 We first reiterate that evidence of actual confusion is not a necessary
element of the cause of action. In _Hai Tong Co (Pte) Ltd v Ventree Singapore
Pte Ltd and another_ [2013] 2 SLR 941 at [100], we explained some of the
reasons why this should not be given undue weight. Ms Yew also pointed to the
relatively low level of sales of the Appellant’s products over the course of
the last few years since the registration of its mark as one of the factors
that militate against placing much weight on the absence of evidence of actual
confusion in the present case. Ms Yew further noted that an application may be
brought to invalidate a registered mark that had not yet been used at all and
in such cases there could be no evidence of actual confusion. She submitted
that it would be unsatisfactory to have different tests that varied with the
factual circumstances of each case.

11 Although Dr Lai may be correct that the issue of the precise approach to be
taken in respect of the burden of proof in such cases where an application is
made to invalidate a duly registered trademark, has not been the subject of a
reported decision, we are satisfied that it is not necessary for us to reach a
conclusive view on this point in this case. This is because, given: (a) our
finding that there exists a high degree of similarity between the marks; and
(b) the fact that the goods are identical, we are satisfied that there was
(and is) sufficient material on which the Judge could fairly infer the
existence of a sufficient likelihood of confusion, and therefore to reach the
view that he did reach, namely that the registration was in breach of s
8(2)(_b_) of the Act and hence to be invalidated under s 23(3)(_a_)(i) of that
Act.

12 For these reasons, we dismiss the appeal. We order that that the costs of
this appeal and of the proceedings below are to be taxed if not agreed. There
will be the usual order for the payment out of the security.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Sep 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

