Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Omae Capital Management Pte Ltd _v_ Tetsuya Motomura  
[2015] SGHCR 8

Case Number| :| Suit No 1053 of 2014 (Summons No 5893 of 2014)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 April 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Justin Yeo AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Arvind Daas Naaidu (Arvind Law LLC) for the Plaintiff;
Mr Walter Ferix Silvester (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the Defendant.  
Parties| :|  Omae Capital Management Pte Ltd — Tetsuya Motomura  
  
8 April 2015|  
---|---  
  
Justin Yeo AR:

1 This is an application by Mr Tetsuya Motomura (“the Defendant”) to set aside
the Writ of Summons (“the Writ”) or the service of the Writ on him by Omae
Capital Management Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”).

Background facts

2 The Plaintiff procured the issuance of the Writ on 2 October 2014, claiming
substantial loss and damage against the Defendant on account of the
Defendant’s alleged fraudulent misrepresentations and/or deceit during the
latter’s brief tenure as the Plaintiff’s Chief Investment Officer. The
Plaintiff alleged that the Defendant had deliberately concealed investigations
by the Department of Justice, United States of America, into the Defendant’s
participation in London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) manipulation. The
Plaintiff further alleged, _inter alia_ , that in employing the Defendant as
the Plaintiff’s Chief Investment Officer, it had relied on the Defendant’s
representation that he was not subject to any proceedings of a disciplinary or
criminal nature.

3 Pursuant to an _ex parte_ Order of Court dated 16 October 2014, the
Plaintiff obtained leave to serve the Writ on the Defendant out of
jurisdiction at the Defendant’s residence in Tokyo. The Writ was served on 23
October 2014 by registered mail.

4 On 26 November 2014, the Defendant filed the present summons challenging the
jurisdiction of the High Court of Singapore. On 11 December 2014, the
Plaintiff’s Japanese solicitor served the Writ and a Japanese translation
thereof on the Defendant via registered mail.

5 At the hearing on 9 January 2015, counsel for the Defendant, Mr Walter Ferix
(“Mr Ferix”) withdrew the prayer for an order to set aside the Writ, but
maintained that service of the Writ ought to be set aside due to irregularity
in service.

Issues

6 It was undisputed that there was no Civil Procedure Convention providing for
service of court processes between Singapore and Japan. As such, the parties
agreed that the Writ may be served on the Defendant in accordance with O 11 r
4(2)(c) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”).

**4\. Service of originating process abroad through foreign governments,
judicial authorities and Singapore consuls or by other method of service (O.
11, r. 4)**

…

(2) Where in accordance with these Rules an originating process is to be
served on a defendant in any country with respect to which there does not
subsist a Civil Procedure Convention providing for service in that country of
process of the High Court, the originating process may be served —

…

(c) by a method of service authorised by the law of that country for service
of any originating process issued by that country.

…

7 The Plaintiff additionally relied on O 11 r 3(3) of the Rules of Court,
which provides:

**3\. Service of originating process abroad: Alternative modes (O. 11, r. 3)**

…

(3) An originating process which is to be served out of Singapore need not be
served personally on the person required to be served so long as it is served
on him in accordance with the law of the country in which service is effected.

…

8 The parties also recognised that pursuant to O 11 r 3(2) of the Rules of
Court, the court may not make any order or direction which “shall authorise or
require the doing of anything in a country in which service is to be effected
which is contrary to the law of that country”.

9 Two issues arose for consideration in the present application:

(a) First, whether the Plaintiff’s service of the Writ was irregular; and

(b) Second, if so, whether this court should exercise its discretion to cure
the irregularity.

The first issue: Whether the Plaintiff’s service of the Writ was irregular

10 Mr Ferix argued that service of the Writ was irregular. He raised three
arguments in this regard:

(a) First, he pointed out that service in Japan had to be effected by a
competent district court of Japan, through a “special delivery”, with a
Japanese translation of the Writ. According to the Defendant’s expert, Mr
Genta Irie (“Mr Irie”):

**_A foreign complaint shall be sent by a competent court, central authority
or designated authority._** Page 233 of International Judicial Cooperation
Manual regarding a Civil Case (Hosokai, Minjijiken ni kansuru Kokusaishihohujo
Manual 233) (1999), the authoritative book in Japan under the supervision of
the Supreme Court of the Administration Office of a Civil Case, has clearly
stated the way of the service of process regarding an international civil
case. **_Accordingly, a defendant shall receive a foreign complaint by a
competent district court of Japan_** (_Id_ , at 233) **_through a special
delivery_** (_Tokuybetsusotatsu)_. **_In addition, the complaint shall be sent
with a translation of the complaint_**. [emphasis added in bold italics]

The method of service of a Singapore writ in Japan was also very recently
considered in _SRS Commerce Ltd and another v Yuji Imabeppu and others_ [2015]
1 SLR 1 (“ _SRS Commerce_ ”) at [6], where Choo Han Teck J noted that:

There is little doubt that the service was not properly effected. Under
Japanese law, the writ (and accompanying documents) **_must be served through
Japan’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs and then through court clerks authorised
by the Japanese courts_**. The writ (and its accompanying documents) in the
present case was not served by a court clerk authorised by the Japanese court.
[emphasis added in bold italics]

(b) Second, Mr Ferix argued that delivery by mail is an “unlawful” method of
service in Japan. In support of this argument, Mr Irie cited a Japanese
textbook titled _International Civil Procedure Law_ (2005) (“ _International
Civil Procedure Law_ ”), which stated (as translated into English) at p 119:

If service of process is made to a country with which no treaty exists or
bilateral judicial assistance agreement has been executed, the service lacks
legal foundation under international laws. As such, _personal delivery and
personal delivery by mail as previously described are clearly unlawful methods
of service under Japanese law_. [emphasis added]

Another passage found in _International Civil Procedure Law_ stated:

3\. Services by Direct Delivery and Direct Mailing

What becomes the most significant issue in services performed in Japan for
foreign cases is the legality of services by direct delivery and direct
mailing to the recipient of the service, which often occurs in the services
from common law nations, where the method of service is different from that of
Japan.

As described above, for services for countries with which Japan has no treaty
or arrangement for bilateral judicial assistance, since there are no grounds
related to international law, _such direct delivery and direct mailing are
clearly an illegal service under Japanese law_. …

[emphasis added]

(c) Third, Mr Ferix contended that the Plaintiff’s reliance on the decision of
the Supreme Court of Japan in _Kishinchando Naridas Sadhwani, Sadhwanis Japan
v Sadhwani, Gobindram Sadhwani_ (Case No 1838(O) of 1994 dated 28 April 1998)
(“ _Sadhwani_ ”) was misplaced, as _Sadhwani_ was a case relating to the
enforcement of foreign judgments rather than to the service of originating
processes. Mr Irie agreed that in the context of enforcement of a foreign
judgment, irregularities in service could be cured if the defendant knew about
the proceedings and had an unobstructed right to defend. However, he opined
that there were “very different considerations when examining irregular
service at the enforcement stage as opposed to commencement of action”.[note:
1] This was because, at the enforcement stage, refusing enforcement on the
ground of an irregularity in service would involve substantial prejudice to
the plaintiff since the plaintiff had already obtained a judgment and had (it
is presumed) gone through the legal process. In contrast, at the commencement
stage, the defendant has not yet substantively contested the proceedings.
Irregularities at the commencement stage should therefore “be more closely
scrutinised so as to allow the Defendant his full due process”.[note: 2]

11 Counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Arvind Daas Naaidu (“Mr Naaidu”) raised three
arguments to support his contention that service of the Writ was regular.

(a) First, he argued that Mr Irie’s reliance on the _International Judicial
Cooperation Manual_ (see [10(a)] above) was misplaced, because according to
the Plaintiff’s expert, Mr Iida Toyohiro (“Mr Toyohiro”), the manual applied
only to instances of service of a foreign originating process in Japan “ _if
and only if_ there subsists a Civil Procedure Convention and/or exists a
concluded or executed bilateral judicial assistance agreement between that
foreign country and Japan” [emphasis in original].[note: 3] However, it should
be noted that Mr Irie conceded that the manual was not strictly applicable in
situations where there is no Civil Procedure Convention between the foreign
country and Japan, but emphasised that the point he was trying to make was
that regular service in Japan can only be achieved by a central authority, a
designated authority or by a court with jurisdiction.[note: 4]

(b) Second, Mr Toyohiro interpreted the _Sadhwani_ decision to mean that in
the absence of a Civil Procedure Convention subsisting between an originating
country and Japan, the service of a foreign process from the originating
country need not comply with the requirements of the Japanese Code of Civil
Procedure (“CCP”) so long as the defendant knew about the commencement of the
foreign proceedings and his right of defence was not obstructed.[note: 5] Mr
Naaidu emphasised that similar observations had been made by Professor Nozomi
Tada (in an article titled “Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Judgments”
(2003) 46 Japanese Annual of International Law 75 (“Professor Tada’s
article”)) and Mr Masahiro Nakatsukasa (for the “Japan” entry in Mark
Moedritzer & Kay C Whittaker, gen ed, _Enforcement of Foreign Judgments in 28
jurisdictions worldwide 2013_ at p 71).[note: 6] While _Sadhwani_ was a case
decided in the context of the enforcement of foreign judgments, the issue of
service was considered by the Supreme Court of Japan and the decision was
therefore relevant to the present case. Mr Toyohiro disagreed with Mr Irie’s
reliance on _International Civil Procedure Law_ on the basis that the
commentary by the authors of that textbook was “plainly contrary to the
decision of the Supreme Court of Japan [in _Sadhwani_]”.[note: 7]

(c) Third, Mr Naaidu pointed out that in a 1989 meeting of the Hague
Conference on Private International Law Special Commission (“the 1989 Hague
Conference”), the Japanese Government stated that it did not consider the use
of mail or postal channels to send judicial documents to be an infringement of
its sovereign power.[note: 8]

12 In my view, the Plaintiff’s service of the Writ by registered mail was
irregular.

(a) First, the authorities cited by Mr Naaidu and Mr Toyohiro (see [11(b)]
above) related to the enforcement of foreign judgments, rather than the
setting aside of service of process at the commencement of proceedings. They
were therefore not directly relevant to the issue before this court. In this
regard, it should be noted that in _SRS Commerce_ , Choo J had expressly
considered _Sadhwani_ and observed that the provision relied upon in
_Sadhwani_ (_ie_ , Article 118 of the CCP) applied only to “final and binding”
judgments (see also _SRS Commerce_ at [7]). Choo J emphasised that _Sadhwani_
did not stand for the proposition that “defendants who contest proceedings
with actual knowledge of the commencement of actions cannot raise arguments on
irregular service” (_SRS Commerce_ at [8]). Before me, the parties agreed that
the positions taken in _SRS Commerce_ concerning the validity of service by
mail in Japan (in general) and the applicability of _Sadhwani_ (in particular)
were findings of fact and therefore not strictly binding on this court.
However, that did not preclude me from adopting Choo J’s compelling reasoning,
particularly since _SRS Commerce_ concerned the very same decision of the
Supreme Court of Japan. Furthermore, Choo J’s findings did not seem
contradicted by the evidence before me, and indeed, appeared to be supported
by the expert opinion provided by Mr Irie. This was so, for instance, with
regard to the point that there is a principled distinction between (a)
resisting enforcement on the ground that the originating process had not been
validly served; and (b) setting aside the service of a writ at the
commencement of proceedings on the same ground (see [10(c)] above). I would
also add, for completeness, that in Professor Tada’s article (which was cited
by Mr Toyohiro in support of the Plaintiff’s position), the learned author in
fact recognised that service by “mailing of judicial documents to a defendant
by plaintiff’s lawyers is not valid under Japanese domestic law”, and
cautioned that one “might encounter problems in Japan if service were
accomplished by mail”.

(b) Second, while the Japanese Government had taken the position at the 1989
Hague Conference that service by mail did not infringe its sovereign power, it
is necessary to have regard to the fuller context in which the Japanese
delegation indicated its position:

Japan has not declared that it objects to the sending of judicial documents,
by postal channels, directly to persons abroad. In this connection, Japan has
made it clear that no objection to the use of postal channels for sending
judicial documents to persons in Japan _does not necessarily imply that the
sending by such a method is considered valid service in Japan_ ; it merely
indicates that Japan does not consider it as infringement of its sovereign
power. [emphasis added]

From the extract, the Japanese delegation appeared to emphasise that while
Japan was not objecting to the use of postal channels, this did not imply that
sending documents by mail was considered valid service in Japan. A plain
textual interpretation of this statement appeared to lend support to the
position that service by mail was not valid service in Japan. Indeed, it
should be noted that in Professor Tada’s article, the learned author cited a
decision of the Tokyo District Court (referred to by Professor Tada as “Tokyo
District Court, Judgment, March 25, 1990, _Kinyu Shoji Hanrei_ No. 857 p. 39”)
which held that the Japanese Government’s position, as expressed at the 1989
Hague Conference, is “not to be understood as having positively introduced a
new method of service which foreign States are to follow”. Mr Naaidu
submitted, in response to a query by this court, that the Japanese Government
was simply being “mindful not to declare such service _ipso facto_ valid in
all circumstances”, and that the validity of service should be assessed “on
the particular circumstances of each case”.[note: 9] However, apart from Mr
Toyohiro’s personal interpretation of _Sadhwani_ and several articles on the
enforcement of foreign judgments in Japan, no evidence was adduced to support
Mr Naaidu’s submission.

13 I therefore found that the Plaintiff’s service of the Writ by registered
mail was irregular, and now turn to consider if this court should exercise its
discretion to cure the irregularity in service.

The second issue: Whether this court should exercise its discretion to cure
the irregularity

14 That there is discretion to cure the irregularity in service is undisputed
by the parties. If authority is needed, it may be found in _SRS Commerce_ at
[9]–[15], citing _ITC Global Holdings Pte Ltd (In Liquidation) v ITC Ltd and
others_ [2011] SGHC 150 (“ _ITC Global Holdings_ ”) at [42]–[50] (in turn
citing the English cases of _Golden Ocean Assurance Ltd and World Mariner
Shipping S A v Christopher Julian Martin and others_ [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 215
(“ _The Goldean Mariner_ ”) and _Phillips and another v Symes and others (No
3)_ [2008] 1 WLR 180 (“ _Phillips_ ”)).

15 While the court clearly has discretion to cure irregularities in service,
the validation of a breach of a procedural rule must depend on all the
circumstances of the case (_ITC Global Holdings_ at [42]). It is therefore
useful to consider the pertinent facts of each of the abovementioned cases, in
order to discern how the courts have exercised discretion to cure
irregularities in service.

(a) In _SRS Commerce_ , Choo J found that service by post was invalid under
Japanese law. However, he noted that the defendants had actually taken steps
to defend the proceedings (_SRS Commerce_ at [11]). After entering appearance,
the 1st defendant had filed an affidavit and, in compliance with a freezing
order, had also filed a list of assets (_ibid_). There were also exchanges of
correspondence between the parties’ solicitors (_ibid_ at [12]–[14]). Choo J
noted that the defendants had already been given substantive advice “not only
in respect of the claim, but also on the freezing order” (_ibid_ at [14]). In
the circumstances, Choo J exercised his discretion to cure the irregularity
because the defendants “knew that process had been instituted against them in
Singapore”, and were “constantly advised by Singapore lawyers and cannot now
say that the irregularity in service justified their application to set aside
the process” (_ibid_).

(b) In _ITC Global Holdings_ , the plaintiff filed a request for service of
the writ out of Singapore with the Supreme Court of Singapore, and
specifically requested that the relevant documents be sent to the relevant
authorities in India (_ITC Global Holdings_ at [23]). Thereafter, the
plaintiff played no role in the service of the writ, and left matters entirely
to the Registry of the Supreme Court of Singapore, the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs and the relevant Indian authorities (_ibid_). The plaintiff was
subsequently provided with a copy of an endorsement from the process server,
stating that the writ had been served on the defendants (_ibid_ at [24]).
However, it transpired that the service was irregular because the plaintiff
failed to show that the entity that it served the writ on was in fact an agent
for the defendants (_ibid_ at [35]). Lee Seiu Kin J exercised his discretion
to cure the irregularity in service because (i) the defendants were apprised
of the proceedings and had taken steps to contest them, thus suffering no
prejudice; and (ii) the plaintiff had “done all that he could to effect
service” (_ibid_ at [49]). Indeed, the plaintiff had even received a copy of
an endorsement from the process server indicating that the writ had been
successfully served (_ibid_). Lee J further noted that the parties had been
involved in the suit for “almost a decade” and that “in the light of the
several assiduous attempts at service and the defendants’ knowledge of such
attempts and of the proceedings, the procedural defects are illusory” (_ibid_
at [50]). To fail to cure the irregularities “would cause undue prejudice to
[the plaintiff] by denying its right to a hearing” (_ibid_). It should be
noted that the factors considered by Lee J in deciding whether to exercise
discretion to cure irregularities in service were also cited in _Astro
Nusantara International BV v PT Ayunda Prima Mitra_ [2013] 1 SLR 636 at [61].

(c) In _The Goldean Mariner_ , there were two categories of defendants who had
experienced procedural irregularities in service: (i) defendants who received
wrongly addressed writs which were meant for other defendants in the suit,
although the writs were accurate in every other respect; and (ii) defendants
who were only served with a form of acknowledgement of service, with no writ
actually served on them. The English Court of Appeal emphasised that the
court’s exercise of discretion to cure irregularities in service “is likely to
depend upon whether it appears that the opposite party has suffered prejudice
as a direct consequence of the particular irregularity”. On the facts, the
defendants frankly accepted that they could not point to any prejudice
suffered. The court (by a majority) exercised its discretion to cure the
irregularity in the first category. The majority judges noted that the
defendants had each received a copy of the writ, were parties to the contract
in question, and knew about the cause of action. They emphasised that “[the
defendants] all took the same prompt action” by putting the matter in the
hands of their London solicitors, and that “[none of the defendants] was in
any way misled by the mistake; and, indeed, none of them has ever suggested
that it was”. The majority judges also cured the irregularity in the second
category because the there was no doubt in the minds of those defendants
regarding the proceedings that were initiated against them. In contrast, the
dissenting judge opined that the defect in service was “very serious”, that
the “conduct of the plaintiffs excites little sympathy”, and that it was
“important” to remain cognisant that the matter at hand involved service out
of jurisdiction on defendants who “owe[d] [the English courts] no allegiance”.
The dissenting judge also surmised that the judge below, who was “an
experienced commercial judge”, would have agreed with his refusal to cure the
irregularity.

(d) In _Phillips_ , documents required to be served on the defendants were
forwarded by an English court to the relevant legal authorities in
Switzerland. However, the enclosed English language claim form was erroneously
stamped “[n]ot for service out of the jurisdiction”. The error was noticed by
the claimants’ solicitors and the official at the foreign process section of
the English court (who proceeded to accept the document for service). The
documents were then forwarded to the relevant legal authorities in Switzerland
for service. It transpired that the Swiss court removed the English language
claim form (but not the German translation of it) from the package before
serving the documents on the 2nd defendant. It also transpired that no
documents were served on the 3rd defendant due to an error on the part of the
Swiss Post Office. The House of Lords found that the “essential faults” in
service were those of the Swiss authorities rather than the plaintiffs, and
that to deny the effectiveness of service would lead to part of the claims
being compromised because neither the English nor the Swiss courts would have
had jurisdiction over the entire set of claims (see _Phillips_ at [38]). The
House of Lords considered the power to dispense with service under r 6.9 of
the English Civil Procedure Rules (“CPR”). However, Lord Brown observed in his
leading judgment (with which the other members of the court agreed) that even
without resort to the dispensation with service, it was “at least arguable”
that the court could simply order under r 3.10(b) of the CPR (_ie_ , the
English equivalent of O 2 r 1(2) of the Rules of Court) that the defendants
“be regarded as properly served” (_Phillips_ at [31]).

16 From the above analysis, it appeared that there were at least three factors
to be considered in deciding whether or not to cure an irregularity in service
out of jurisdiction.

(a) The first factor concerned whether the _defendant_ was apprised of the
proceedings. This is a “highly significant” factor; if the defendant was in
fact apprised of and took steps to contest the proceedings, he would probably
have suffered no prejudice (_ITC Global Holdings_ at [49]). While the
Defendant in the present case did come to know of the Writ, he did not
actually take any active steps to contest the proceedings at all. This was
unlike the defendants in _SRS Commerce_ , who entered into correspondence with
the plaintiffs and were found to have taken active steps in the proceedings
(including filing affidavits concerning their assets). While the Defendant did
enter an appearance, this was mandated by the rule concerning a dispute as to
jurisdiction (see O 12 r 7(1) of the Rules of Court). The Defendant’s
immediate step after entering appearance was, as is also prescribed in the
said rule, to file the present application to set aside service of the Writ on
grounds of irregularity. The present situation therefore appeared to be
different from that in _SRS Commerce_.

(b) The second factor concerned whether the _plaintiff_ had properly done all
that he could to effect service (_ITC Global Holdings_ at [49]; and see
_Phillips_ at [38]). If a plaintiff had done all that he could, the court may
be more amenable to exercising its discretion to cure irregularities in
service (see [15(b)] and [15(d)] above). In the present case, the Plaintiff
had, on its own volition, simply sent the Writ to the Defendant by registered
mail. This should be contrasted with the effort expended by the plaintiffs in
both _ITC Global Holdings_ and _Phillips._ On balance, in the present case, I
did not think it could be said that the Plaintiff had done all that it could
to serve the Writ.

(c) The third factor concerned whether the _plaintiff_ would be unduly
prejudiced should the court refuse to cure the irregularities in service. A
plaintiff would likely be unduly prejudiced where, for instance, a defendant
attempts to set aside service on the ground of irregularity after proceedings
have already run their course (such as in _Sadhwani_ ; and see [10(c)] and
[12(a)] above). There might also be undue prejudice to the plaintiff if the
failure to cure irregularities in service would result in claims (or part
thereof) being forsaken (see _ITC Global Holdings_ at [48]; and see [15(d)]
above), if substantive proceedings have been unnecessarily delayed due to a
“myriad [of] procedural obstacles” (_ITC Global Holdings_ at [50]), or if it
would effectively amount to “denying [a plaintiff’s] right to a hearing”
(_ibid_). In the present case, the Plaintiff was unable to show how it would
be unduly prejudiced in the event that service of the Writ is set aside.

17 Having considered these factors, I declined to exercise the discretion to
cure the irregularity in service of the Writ. While the fact that the
Defendant was aware of the Writ is certainly an important factor, it should be
noted that this was not the _only_ factor considered in both _ITC Global
Holdings_ and _Phillips_. Should the irregularity in the present case be
cured, it might suggest that a plaintiff is entitled to serve a Singapore
originating process on a defendant in Japan in whatever manner the plaintiff
so desires, and that so long as the defendant becomes aware of the originating
process, there will not be a need to comply with any rules on service. Indeed,
this was precisely what the Plaintiff did in this case. If the Plaintiff’s
actions were countenanced and the irregularity in service cured, it may well
suggest that rules on service of process out of Singapore (such as O 11 rr
3(3) and 4(2)(c) of the Rules of Court) may be flouted with impunity and the
door will be open to methods of service of originating processes that have not
hitherto been contemplated.

Conclusion

18 For the reasons above, I granted the Defendant’s application for setting
aside the service of the Writ.

19 On the issue of costs, I noted that additional rounds of affidavits and
hearings were necessitated because the Defendant had failed to exhibit some of
the evidence of foreign law that he had sought to rely on. I had earlier asked
parties to make submissions on costs prior to the outcome of the present
decision. Having considered those submissions as well as the circumstances of
the case, I fixed costs to the Defendant of $3,000, all inclusive.

* * *

[note: 1]Para 12 of the Affidavit of Genta Irie dated 23 February 2015,
attached to the Affidavit of Walter Ferix Silvester dated 23 February 2015
(“Mr Irie’s Affidavit dated 23 February 2015”)

[note: 2]Para 13 of Mr Irie’s Affidavit dated 23 February 2015

[note: 3]Para 4 of the 3rd Affidavit of Iida Toyohiro dated 10 February 2015

[note: 4]Para 3 of Mr Irie’s Affidavit dated 23 February 2015

[note: 5]Para 9 of the 3rd Affidavit of Iida Toyohiro dated 10 February 2015

[note: 6]Paras 11 and 12 of the 3rd Affidavit of Iida Toyohiro dated 10
February 2015

[note: 7]Para 9 of the 3rd Affidavit of Iida Toyohiro dated 10 February 2015

[note: 8]Para 15 of the 3rd Affidavit of Iida Toyohiro dated 10 February 2015

[note: 9]Para 6 of the letter from Arvind Law LLC dated 16 March 2015

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Apr 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

