Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Choo Liang Haw @ Choo Liang Hoa and others _v_ Chua Seet Mui and others
and another matter  
[2015] SGHC 47

Case Number| :| Originating Summons Nos 941 and 982 of 2013  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 February 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Seng Siew and Naidu Devadas (instructed)
(Metropolitan Law Corporation) for the plaintiffs in OS 941 and the 10th-13th
defendants in OS 982; Adrian Tan and Roy Mukkam (Stamford Law Corporation) for
the defendants in OS 941 and the 3rd-8th defendants in OS 982; Michael Khoo
SC, Andy Chiok, Josephine Low, Ong Lee Woei and Joel Yeow (Michael Khoo &
Partners) for the plaintiffs in OS 982; Davinder Singh SC, Jaikanth Shankar
and Jarod Kok (Drew & Napier LLC) for the 9th defendant in OS 982; Winnifred
Gomez and Rakesh s/o Pokkan Vasu (Gomez & Vasu LLC) for the 14th defendant in
OS 982.  
Parties| :|  Choo Liang Haw @ Choo Liang Hoa — Loke Wan Tche — Charles Ng Pooh
Cheok — Lok Kok Poh — Chua Seet Mui — Lim Sui May Petrina — Lim Li Meng
Dominic — Loke Ah Meng — Soh Lay Bee — Koh Nai Hock @ Koh Chou Toh — Pan
Xingzheng Edric — Quek Chia-Min Valerie — Sally Ching Pui Sum — Warren Khoo —
Pan Xingzheng Edric — Quek Chia-Min Valeria — Chua Seet Mui — Loke Ah Meng —
Soh Lay Bee — Lim Li Meng Dominic — Lim Sui May Petrina — Koh Nai Hock —
Dillenia Land Pte Ltd — Loke Wan Tche — Lok Kok Poh — Charles Ng Pooh Cheok —
Choo Liang Haw — Gary Michael Darwin  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 52 of
2015 and Summons No 266 of 2015 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 7 July
2015. See [2015] SGCA 54.]

13 February 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 This case involves the collective sale of the condominium development known
as “Gilstead Court” (Strata Title Plan No 464) comprised in Land Lot No
TS28-578K (“the Development”). Unlike most collective sale disputes (at least
until the hearing before me), there were no parties directly opposing this
sale. Rather, the objectors in this case were unhappy about certain “penalty
clauses” in the Collective Sale Agreement (“CSA”) which were expressed to be
applicable to them. The matter eventually culminated in two Originating
Summonses before this court—Originating Summons No 941 of 2013 (“OS 941”) and
Originating Summons No 982 of 2013 (“OS 982”).

2 OS 941 was commenced on 7 October 2013 by four plaintiffs (Choo Liang Haw @
Choo Liang Hoa (“Choo Liang Haw”), Loke Wan Tche, Charles Ng Pooh Cheok and
Lok Kok Poh, all of whom are members of the 7-person Collective Sales
Committee (“CSC”)), against six defendants (Chua Seet Mui (owner of Unit 50P),
Lim Sui May Petrina and Lim Li Meng Dominic (owners of Unit 52C), Loke Ah Meng
and Soh Lay Bee (owners of Unit 52A) and Koh Nai Hock @ Koh Chou Toh (“Koh Nai
Hock”) (owner of Unit 54K)), the subsidiary proprietors (“SPs”) who had chosen
not to sign the CSA. The prayers sought were:

(a) a declaration that the “penalty clauses” of the CSA do not apply to the
six defendants if they sign the CSA;

(b) a declaration that any offer by Dillenia Land Pte Ltd (“DLPL”), the
intending purchaser of the Development, to contribute to the six defendants’
liability under the CSA is permissible and does not offend the CSA;

(c) a declaration that upon the six defendants signing the CSA, the collective
sale of the Development shall proceed on the basis that there is unanimous
consent under the Sale and Purchase Agreement signed between the majority of
subsidiary proprietors and DLPL;

(d) such further orders as the court may consider just and equitable; and

(e) that the costs of the application be provided for.

3 OS 982 was commenced slightly over a week later on 16 October 2013,
originally by three plaintiffs, Sally Ching Pui Sim (“Sally Ching”),
chairperson of the CSC, Warren Khoo, secretary of the CSC, and Choo Liang Haw,
treasurer of the CSC. These three formed the Executive Committee of the CSC
(“the Exco”). Subsequently, some four months later, on 14 February 2014, under
circumstances that I shall come to, Choo Liang Haw was removed as a plaintiff
and added in as the 13th defendant and Gary Michael Darwin (“Gary Darwin”) was
added as the 14th defendant. There were originally 12 defendants in the
following order: Pan Xingzheng Edric (“Edric Pan”) and Quek Chia-Min Valeria
(Unit 50A), Chua Seet Mui (Unit 50P), Loke Ah Meng and Soh Lay Bee (Unit 52A),
Lim Sui May Petrina and Lim Li Meng Dominic (Unit 52C), Koh Nai Hock (Unit
54K), (the owners of the five units who did not sign the CSA (“the non-
signatory SPs”)), DLPL, and three members of the CSC, Loke Wan Tche, Lok Kok
Poh and Charles Ng Pooh Geok. This OS was amended on 17 February 2014 and the
amended prayers sought were as follows:

(a) An order that all the lots and common property in the Development be sold
collectively to DLPL according to the terms and conditions of the conditional
contract of sale concluded by the acceptance of DLPL’s tender on 17 June 2013
in accordance with, and subject to, the Final Terms and Conditions of Tender
dated 29 May 2013 and subject to any orders that may be made in these
proceedings.

(b) An order that the non-signatory SPs be bound by all the terms of the CSA
as if they were parties thereto.

(c) A declaration that Cll 7.5 (Default Contribution) and 11 (Abuse of
Process) of the CSA are valid and that, in the events that have happened, Cll
7.5 and 11 are applicable, enforceable, and in full force and effect against
each of the non-signatory SPs.

(d) An order that the non-signatory SPs jointly and/or severally (as may be
applicable):

(i) pay in respect of their five units to the plaintiffs the sum of $2,000
each per unit under cl 7.5 (Default Contribution) of the CSA; and

(ii) bear or contribute to the Strata Titles Board (“STB”) proceedings under
cl 11 of the CSA in such sum or sums as the Court may think just and
appropriate (the original prayer was for the non-signatory SPs to each bear
$27,000 for the $135,000 incurred in costs).

The payments to be made within seven days from the date of the court order by
cashier’s orders drawn in favour of “MCST 464 – Collective Sale Common Fund”,
with the proceeds to be used in the manner provided for in the relevant
provisions of the CSA.

(e) An order that the first and second plaintiffs, being the chairperson and
secretary respectively of the CSC and members of the Exco, be authorised to
take any action, make any decision and do anything else required or allowed to
be taken made or done under the CSA or the conditional contract of sale or in
relation to the Collective Sale generally, and that any action, decision and
thing taken, made or done in good faith by the first and second plaintiffs
shall be deemed to be as effectively taken, made or done as if such action,
decision and thing were done by the Exco as a whole or the CSC as a whole,
including but not limited to:

(i) signing with DLPL and on behalf of all the SPs the Sale and Purchase
Agreement in terms of the draft annexed to the Final Terms and Conditions of
Tender;

(ii) receiving deposits and payments towards the purchase price and giving a
valid receipt and discharge therefor;

(iii) signing any documents (other than for the operation of bank accounts as
provided below) required or allowed to be signed; and

(iv) appointing solicitors and counsel and giving instructions to them for any
proceedings for enforcement of the conditional contract of sale or the CSA,
and defending or taking action in or in relation to any proceedings brought
against them in connection with or arising from the Collective Sale.

(f) An Order that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the mandate to
DBS Bank (the bank with which the management corporation held accounts), the
first and second plaintiffs, being the chairperson and secretary respectively
of the CSC and members of the Exco, be authorised and empowered to operate the
two bank accounts (_ie_ , “MCST 464 – Collective Sale Common Fund” and “MCST
464 – Collective Sale Proceeds”) maintained by the CSC for the purposes of the
Collective Sale of the Development and for that purpose to comply with all the
terms and conditions required by DBS Bank Ltd to the intent that the first and
second plaintiffs shall be the only two authorised signatories to the two bank
accounts from the date of the court order.

(g) A declaration that any action, decision or thing taken made or done by the
first and second plaintiffs in good faith performance of their duty under the
CSA without the participation of the 13th defendant since 1 October 2014 is
deemed to be as effectively taken, made or done as if with the participation
of the 13th defendant.

(h) A declaration that DLPL has committed a breach of cl 37 (Illicit Payments)
of the Final Terms and Conditions of Tender by making, albeit indirectly, an
offer of extraneous consideration in the sum of $135,000 (“the Extraneous
Offer”) to relieve the non-signatory SPs of their liability under Cll 7.5
(Default Contribution) and 11 (Abuse of Process) of the CSA as an inducement
for the non-signatory SPs to withdraw their objections in the sale approval
proceedings before the STB or the High Court.

(i) An order, consequential on the declaration under the preceding paragraph
(h), that DLPL pay to the plaintiffs to the use of such signatory SPs as the
Court may adjudge appropriate liquidated damages in the sum of $15,016,800 as
provided in cl 37 (Illicit Payments) of the Final Terms and Conditions of
Tender.

(j) A declaration that the 10th to 13th defendants have committed a breach of
their duty as CSC members to act faithfully as agents of the signatory SPs,
including to observe and uphold all the provisions of the CSA and the Final
Terms and Conditions of Tender, especially Cll 7.5 (Default Contribution), 11
(Abuse of Process) and 12 (Anti-Corruption) of the CSA and cl 37 of the Final
Terms and Conditions, and not to subvert or attempt to subvert them.

(k) A declaration that the 10th to 13th defendants as signatory SPs have
committed a breach of their obligations to other signatory SPs to observe and
uphold all the provisions of the CSA and the Final Terms and Conditions of
Tender, especially Cll 7.5 (Default Contribution), 11 (Abuse of Process) and
12 (Anti-Corruption) of the CSA and cl 37 of the Final Terms and Conditions,
and not to subvert or attempt to subvert them.

(l) An injunction restraining the 10th to 13th defendants from engaging in any
activity incompatible with their position as CSC members and signatories to
the CSA, including but not limited to applications to court, calling meetings
of owners or otherwise to alter the provisions of the CSA or the Final Terms
and Conditions of Tender.

(m) A declaration that the 14th defendant as a signatory SP has committed a
breach of his obligations to other signatory SPs to observe and uphold all the
provisions of the CSA and the Final Terms and Conditions of Tender, especially
Cll 7.5 (Default Contribution), 11 (Abuse of Process) and 12 (Anti-Corruption)
of the CSA and cl 37 of the Final Terms and Conditions, and not to subvert or
attempt to subvert them.

(n) An injunction restraining the 14th defendant from engaging in any activity
incompatible with his position as signatory to the CSA, including but not
limited to calling meetings of owners or otherwise to alter the provisions of
the CSA or the Final Terms and Conditions of Tender.

(o) A declaration that the purported requisition by the 10th to 14th
defendants together with others for an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EOGM”)
of the SPs submitted on 22 November 2013 is invalid for lack of proper legal
authority, and that any resolutions purporting to be passed at the EOGM and
any purported action taken in pursuance of such resolutions, including any
purported action taken by the CSC in pursuance of such resolutions, are
invalid and null and void.

(p) An order for costs of and in connection with these proceedings against all
the defendants to be borne by the defendants in such proportion as the court
may think just and appropriate.

(q) An order that the costs and disbursements incurred by the first and second
plaintiffs in and in connection with this application, including the
solicitor-client costs for this application, be paid out of the collective
sale proceeds as provided by the CSA.

(r) Such further declarations and orders as the court may think just and
appropriate.

(s) Liberty to apply for such further orders or directions as may be
necessary.

Background

4 The Development comprises 48 units of residential properties of varying
sizes. In 2008, a few SPs were interested in coming together to collectively
sell the Development by means of a collective sale. It bears mentioning that
there was an earlier attempt at a collective sale[note: 1] between 2005 and
2007, however, for one reason or another, that collective sale was eventually
aborted.[note: 2]

5 On 12 April 2008, at the first general meeting, the CSC was appointed.[note:
3] It comprised:

(a) Sally Ching;

(b) Warren Khoo;

(c) Choo Liang Haw;

(d) Chan Ju-Lian;

(e) Loke Wan Tche;

(f) Lok Kok Poh; and

(g) Charles Ng Pooh Cheok.

Chan Ju-Lian was not involved in these proceedings. It has been pointed out
that Chan Ju-Lian has been sitting on the CSC on behalf of his mother, Mdm
Chong Kwee Leng, who is the surviving SP of unit 50Q. Chan Ju-Lian is not a
registered SP of any unit.[note: 4] I note, however, that a member of the
immediate family of an SP is eligible, upon nomination by the SP, for election
as a member of the CSC (see the Third Schedule to the Land Titles (Strata) Act
(Cap 158, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) at para 1(3)(_c_)). As nothing materially
turned on the precise status of Chan Ju-Lian, or whether a legitimate
nomination was made, I will take it that he was, and is, a member of the CSC.

6 On 5 September 2009, at the first meeting of the CSC, as noted above, Sally
Ching was appointed as the chairperson, Warren Khoo as the secretary and Choo
Liang Haw as the treasurer.[note: 5] These three persons formed the Exco of
the CSC.

7 The second general meeting was held on 10 April 2010. At this meeting, the
CSC was given the power to appoint architects to facilitate the sale.[note: 6]
Ong & Ong was eventually appointed as the architects.

8 In May 2011, a preliminary draft of the CSA was circulated to the SPs for
their comments.[note: 7] The CSA was primarily drafted by Warren Khoo without
the assistance of retained solicitors.[note: 8] On 2 July 2011, a revised
draft was presented at the third meeting with the SPs, for their
approval.[note: 9] On 9 July 2011, the final version of the CSA was released
to the SPs, and the procurement of signatures commenced. The controversial
clauses of the CSA (“the Objectionable Clauses”) which effectively led to
these proceedings, provide as follows:[note: 10]

**7**. **OWNERS’ CONTRIBUTIONS**

**7.1** **Contribution Amount**

As authorised by the EOGM of 2 July 2011, and as the Sellers in any event
agree, each Owner shall pay an initial contribution in the sum of [$2,000] per
Unit (each, a “**Contribution** ”) towards the cost and expenses of the
Collective Sale, provided that:

(a) Any Owner who does not sign this Agreement may also pay the Contribution
at any time before the Closing Date (or the Extended Closing Date, if any);
and

(b) Any Owner may pay any amount above the Contribution whenever he so chooses
(which total amount shall constitute his Contribution amount).

…

**7.3** **Refund on Completion of Collective Sale**

In the event that the Collective Sale is successfully completed, and in
recognition of the Owners who pay the Contribution (each, a “**Contributing
Owner** ”) who by so doing add value to and assume the risks inherent in the
Collective Sale, each Contributing Owner shall be refunded the full amount of
his Contribution from the Sale Proceeds, with simple interest at the rate of
Twelve percent per annum (12% p.a.) on the amount of the Contribution…

**7.4** **Refund on Non-Completion of Collective Sale**

In the event that the Collective Sale fails to be completed, the
Contributions, or the remainder of the Contributions, if any, after paying off
the costs and expenses incurred for the purpose of the Collective Sale, shall
be refunded to the Contributing Owners in proportion to the amounts they have
respectively contributed.

**7.5** **Defaulting Owners**

Any Owner who does not pay the Contribution on or before the Closing Date, of
[_sic_] the Extended Closing Date (if any) shall have an amount equal to two
times the initial Contribution amount of $2,000 (in this case, a “**Default
Contribution** ”) withheld from his share of the Net Sale Proceeds and paid
over to the Common Fund to be shared equally by all the Contributing Owners,
without prejudice to any other liability that such Owner may incur under any
other provisions of this Agreement including Clause 11 (Abuse of Process) or
Clause 12 (Sanctions Against Corrupt Behaviour) below.

…

**11**. **ABUSE OF PROCESS**

**11.1** **Application**

The provisions of this Clause apply only if the Collective Sale is approved by
the STB or the High Court and to an Owner who does not sign this Agreement
before the Closing date or the Extended Closing Date (if any) and who:

(a) Does not seek the assistance of the Sale Facilitation Committee or does
not accept any monetary award made by the Sale Facilitation Committee;

(b) Does not file any objection to the application for approval of the
Collective Sale before the STB or before the High Court;

(c) Withdraws or abandons his objection;

(d) Does not have his objection recognized expressly or impliedly by the STB
or the High Court; or

(e) Obtains a monetary award from the High Court of an amount which is less
than any monetary award the Sale Facilitation Committee has made which he has
not accepted,

**11.2** **Liability for Costs of Proceedings and Set-off**

The entirety or an appropriate part of the costs and expenses of and in
connection with the approval proceedings before the STB and/or the High Court
shall be chargeable to any such Owner to whom the preceding Clause 11.1
applies, and the same shall be withheld from his share of the Net Sale
Proceeds and paid over to the Common Fund to account of [_sic_] the cost and
expenses of the Collective Sale.

…

**12**. **SANCTIONS AGAINST CORRUPT BEHAVIOUR**

**12.1** **Liability for Receiving Extraneous Consideration**

Any Owner who gives to, receives or solicits from any person (including and
not limited to the Purchaser) any consideration in money or in kind which is,
or would be, extraneous to any rightful share in the Sale Proceeds as provided
in this Agreement, or extraneous to what an Owner would otherwise properly be
entitled to receive under this Agreement, as an inducement to do or abstain
from doing or as reward for doing or abstain from doing any of the following
things:

(a) signing this Agreement or abstaining from signing this Agreement;

(b) doing anything which he ought not to do under this Agreement or abstaining
from doing anything which he ought to do under this Agreement;

(c) filing or not filing an objection in the approval proceedings before the
STB or the High Court;

(d) withdrawing or not withdrawing any objection which he has filed in the
approval proceedings before the STB or the High Court; or

(e) doing anything or refraining from doing anything in relation to any aspect
of the Collective Sale process,

shall be liable to the sanctions provided in the following Clause 12.2.

**12.2** **Sanctions against Offending Owner**

In addition to initiating investigations by the appropriate public
authorities, a sum equivalent to twice the amount of consideration shall be
deducted from the share of the Net Sale Proceeds of any offending Owner. The
offending Owner shall disclose the amount of such consideration given,
received or solicited, failing which the Collective Sale Committee will
estimate it and fix the estimated amount as the amount to be deducted from the
offending Owner’s share of the Net Sale Proceeds. The amount thus deducted
shall be paid into the Sale Proceeds Amount.

Also, cl 13 of the CSA empowered the Exco to institute proceedings on behalf
of the signatory SPs without joining them, and to seek approval before the STB
or the High Court where required.[note: 11]

9 By 8 September 2011, after three signing sessions, SPs of 27 units had
signed the CSA. These SPs had paid their respective contributions pursuant to
cl 7.1 (at least $2,000 per unit). On 5 April 2012, a marketing agent, Urban
Front Real Estate Pte Ltd, was appointed[note: 12] with a view to encourage
the remaining SPs to sign the CSA.[note: 13] The appointment of the marketing
agent was announced at the fourth meeting with the SPs, held on 7 April
2012.[note: 14] The measures taken to increase the number of signatures were:

(a) reducing the contribution to $1,000, and allowing a refund of $1,000 to
those SPs who had already contributed $2,000; and

(b) extending the closing date for signing the CSA to 8 July 2012.

10 By 8 July 2012, SPs of 43 units signed the CSA.[note: 15] The requisite
majority of 80% under s 84A(1)(_b_) of the Act had been comfortably attained
as this represented 89.58% of the total share value and 89.42% of the total
area of the Development. As noted above (at [3]), the non-signatory SPs are:

(a) Edric Pan and Quek Chia-Min Valeria—Unit 50A;

(b) Chua Seet Mui—Unit 50P;

(c) Loke Ah Meng and Soh Lay Bee—Unit 52A;

(d) Lim Li Meng Dominic and Lim Sui May Petrina—Unit 52C; and

(e) Koh Nai Hock—Unit 54K.

They were named as the first eight defendants in OS 982.

11 In mid-February 2013, after disagreements with the marketing agents, the
Exco decided to take control of the marketing activity for the sale.[note: 16]
The CSC then prepared for a launch of the tender in May. The tender was
launched on 1 May 2013 and closed on 3 June 2013. There was only one compliant
bid. This came from DLPL, which was named as the 9th defendant in OS 982. It
was for the sum of $150,168,000, which was slightly over the reserve price of
$150,000,000. The other bid was for $105,000,000, from UED Capital Venture Pte
Ltd.[note: 17]

12 The bid from DLPL was accepted on 17 June 2013.[note: 18] It should be
noted that cl 37 of the Final Terms and Conditions of Tender (“the S&P
Agreement”) dealt with “Sanctions for illicit payments” as follows:[note: 19]

_Sanctions for illicit payments_

37\. In recognition of the unquantifiable damage such conduct may do to the
Owners, the Tenderer is liable to pay to the Sale Committee for the benefit of
the Owners not so involved, by way of liquidated damages, a sum equivalent to
ten percent (10%) of the Tenderer’s Bid Price, if the Tenderer should give to
any Owner any consideration in money or in kind which is, or would be,
extraneous to what the Owner would properly be entitled to receive under the
CSA, (1) as an inducement to do or abstain from doing or (2) as reward for
doing or abstaining from doing, any of the following things:

a. signing or not signing the CSA; or

b. filing or not filing objections in the approval proceedings before the STB
or the High Court; or

c. withdrawing or not withdrawing any objection which the Owner has filed in
the approval proceedings before the STB or the High Court; or

d. doing anything which the Owner ought not to do, or refraining from doing
anything which he ought to do, under the CSA or otherwise in relation to the
collective sale.

This no doubt formed the basis of DLPL being brought in as a defendant in OS
982 and the prayers that were sought against it.

13 On 4 July 2013, an application to the STB was submitted pursuant to s
84A(2A) of the Act. The application was made in the name of the three members
of the Exco, pursuant to s 84A(2) of the Act and cl 13 of the CSA. In addition
to an order for sale, the application included a claim against the non-
signatory SPs for:[note: 20]

(a) The sum of $2,000 per unit, which represented twice the reduced amount of
contribution of $1,000, allegedly pursuant to cl 7.5 of the CSA.

(b) The sum of $27,000 per unit, which amounted to $135,000 in total,
allegedly pursuant to cl 11 of the CSA. This sum represented the disbursements
incurred for the STB proceedings, as calculated by Warren Khoo. The breakdown
was as follows:[note: 21]

(i) |  Legal consultant’s fee: |  $120,000.  
---|---|---  
(ii) |  Advertisements: |  $5,278.75.  
(iii) |  Valuation report: |  $6,000.  
(iv) |  STB filing fee: |  $5,000.  
  
  

The total sum of $136,278.75 was rounded down to $135,000. Others disputed
this sum. For instance, Edric Pan, relying on calculations by Choo Liang Haw,
claimed that only $12,077.39 had been incurred as at 10 January 2014, and that
the legal consultant’s fee of $120,000 had never been incurred.[note: 22]
Warren Khoo, however, clarified that the legal consultant’s fee had already
been incurred (as at 19 May 2013) but remained to be paid. As proof of this,
he attached a printout of an email he received from Mr David Mitchell, a
solicitor from Hin Tat Augustine & Partners, in which Mr David Mitchell stated
that $120,000 in legal fees had been incurred.[note: 23]

14 Between 12 and 17 July 2013, the non-signatory SPs filed objections with
the STB.[note: 24] The objections did not pertain to the collective sale _per
se_. This is exemplified in the preface of two of the objections, which
read:[note: 25]

1\. I am not objecting to the spirit of the collective sale however I am
objecting to certain clauses as stated in the [CSA]…

Rather, the objections were directed at the operation of the Objectionable
Clauses in the CSA, as well as the alleged lack of transparency in the tender
process.

15 At the first meeting of the STB on 21 August 2014,[note: 26] the Exco and
the non-signatory SPs were in attendance. Both sides were told to negotiate to
try to come to a settlement and report back to the STB on 19 September 2013.
Heeding the advice of the STB, Choo Liang Haw and Warren Khoo met the non-
signatory SPs on 7 September 2013 to discuss the nature of the clauses of the
CSA and the concerns of the non-signatory SPs.[note: 27] They proposed to meet
again on 14 September 2013.

16 Shortly before the second meeting with the non-signatory SPs, on 12
September 2013, Mr Lee Liat Yeang (“Mr Lee”), DLPL’s solicitor, wrote to
Warren Khoo communicating DLPL’s offer to contribute a sum of $50,000 “towards
the legal and necessary costs of the application to STB” on certain
conditions.[note: 28] Warren Khoo did not respond to this offer.[note: 29]

17 On 14 September 2014, all the non-signatory SPs except Lim Li Meng Dominic
attended the meeting with Warren Khoo. They discussed the issue relating to
the contribution payments. Edric Pan was prepared to pay “a few thousand
dollars more” than $2,000. The rest of the non-signatory SPs stated they were
prepared to pay no more than $2,000 per unit.[note: 30]

18 On 18 September 2013, Mr Lee wrote to Warren Khoo, informing him that he
was instructed to attend the STB session that was going to take place the
following day.[note: 31] On the same day, Mr Lee also wrote to the registrar
of the STB stating that he was “instructed to attend the scheduled mediation
session (on 19 September 2013)”, and that he trusted that the STB had no
objections to his attendance.[note: 32] This trust, as it turns out, was
misplaced, as Mr Lee was informed on 19 September 2013 by the STB that his
request to attend the session was not granted.[note: 33]

19 On 19 September 2013, at the second session before the STB, both Warren
Khoo and the non-signatory SPs were in attendance. Warren Khoo sought more
time to negotiate with the non-signatory SPs. The non-signatory SPs, however,
stated they were not willing to negotiate any further. After the close of the
session, Mr Lee, who was waiting outside the venue, addressed the group.
Warren Khoo told Mr Lee that the matter was between the Exco and the non-
signatory SPs, and that he should not interfere.[note: 34] Warren Khoo and
Sally Ching left.[note: 35] Mr Lee suggested to those who remained that they
should try to settle the dispute amicably, and informed them of DLPL’s offer
of $50,000 which he had conveyed in his email to Warren Khoo on 12 September
2013. He also stated that he could take instructions from DLPL on whether the
quantum of the offer could be increased.[note: 36]

20 On 25 September 2013, DLPL, through Mr Lee, made a second offer on similar
terms to the first, except the amount was doubled to $100,000.[note: 37] This
time, the offer was conveyed through an email addressed not just to Warren
Khoo but to all seven members of the CSC.[note: 38] On 26 September 2013, DLPL
made a third offer, increasing the amount to $135,000.[note: 39]

21 In the evening of 26 September 2013, the CSC met to discuss the offer. Choo
Liang Haw was in favour of accepting the offer. He was supported by Loke Wan
Tche, Lok Kok Poh, and Charles Ng Pooh Cheok (who was absent but represented
by Loke Wan Tche). Choo Liang Haw opined that a vote should be taken on the
matter. However, Warren Khoo disagreed and stated that the CSC did not have
any power to accept the offer, and hence it was not a matter that could be
voted upon.

22 In the meantime, in September 2013, Gary Darwin, one of the signatory SPs,
was contacting SPs to promote the acceptance of DLPL’s offer,[note: 40] and
preparing a petition to the STB for more time to negotiate.[note: 41]

23 On 1 October 2013, at the third session before the STB, three main “groups”
were in attendance. First, there was the group that supported acceptance of
DLPL’s offer, namely, Loke Wan Tche, Lok Kok Poh, Charles Ng Pooh Cheok, Choo
Liang Haw, four of the members of the CSC, and Gary Darwin, a signatory SP.
Secondly, there was DLPL, represented by Mr Lee, who was allowed to sit in for
the session.[note: 42] Thirdly, there were the remaining CSC members, namely
Warren Khoo and Chan Ju-Lian. Sally Ching was otherwise engaged and hence
absent.[note: 43]

24 Gary Darwin’s petition for an extension of time was presented to the STB,
but it was rejected. The STB then issued a stop order pursuant to s
84A(6A)(_b_) of the Act.[note: 44]

OS 941 and OS 982

25 On 7 October 2013, Choo Liang Haw, along with the three other CSC members
who were in favour of accepting DLPL’s offer, filed OS 941 before the High
Court. The non-signatory SPs, curiously save for Edric Pan and his wife
(owners of Unit 50A), were named as the defendants. However, the rest of the
signatory SPs were not joined. There was no claim that the plaintiffs also
represented the signatory SPs or that they were acting in their capacity as
the CSC. When I asked counsel for the plaintiffs in OS 941, Mr Lim Seng Siew,
about this, he could not provide an answer and simply accepted that there were
shortcomings in the OS.[note: 45]

26 Warren Khoo deposed that OS 941 was filed, in effect, to his “great
surprise”.[note: 46] On 16 October 2013, Warren Khoo filed an application of
his own, OS 982. Sally Ching and Choo Liang Haw were named as co-plaintiffs.
The defendants initially comprised the non-signatory SPs, DLPL, and the three
CSC members (other than Choo Liang Haw) who supported DLPL’s offer. As noted
above, OS 982 was later amended to remove Choo Liang Haw as a plaintiff and
added as a defendant. Gary Darwin, too, was added as a defendant. Warren
Khoo’s reasons for these actions in relation to Choo Liang Haw and Gary Darwin
were as follows:

(a) In relation to Choo Liang Haw, Warren Khoo “entertained the hope that it
might be possible to bring Mr Choo back to the true position of the CSA” based
on their past relationship. As such, he was retained as a co-plaintiff.
However, given the difference in views on many of the prayers in OS 982,
Warren Khoo eventually came to the view that the “Mr Choo could not be
retained as a [co-plaintiff], as you cannot have plaintiffs in any proceedings
holding contradictory views”.[note: 47]

(b) In relation to Gary Darwin, Warren Khoo claimed that he had been
campaigning for the acceptance of DLPL’s offer and for the non-signatory SPs
to be relieved of their liability under the clauses of the CSA, thereby
breaching his duties and obligations under the CSA.[note: 48]

27 The amended OS 982 was filed on 17 February 2014. The key prayers sought
have been set out above (at [3]) but can be summarised as follows:

(a) an order that the collective sale be ordered to proceed, subject to any
orders made by the court;

(b) a declaration that the Objectionable Clauses are valid;

(c) an order that the non-signatory SPs are bound by the CSA, and that they
are liable to pay the amounts owing pursuant to the Objectionable Clauses;

(d) a declaration that DLPL breached cl 37 of the S&P Agreement by making the
offer of $135,000; and

(e) an order that DLPL pay to the plaintiffs liquidated damages in the sum of
$15,016,800, pursuant to cl 37.

28 The rest of the prayers pertained to the schism that arose within the CSC,
and the efforts of Gary Darwin to allegedly engage in activity incompatible
with his position as a signatory SP. In its amended form as at 17 February
2014, OS 982 contained a total of 19 prayers. As pointed out by the opposing
parties, oddly, even at this point, it was unsupported by any affidavit. The
affidavit in support of OS 982 was only filed on 18 February 2014, about four
months after the OS was filed.

29 Between the filing of OS 941 and the amended OS 982, a further general
meeting was held. This meeting was requisitioned by Gary Darwin, along with
about 16 other SPs.[note: 49] When questioned on the basis of the requisition,
Gary Darwin cited the First Schedule to the Building Maintenance and Strata
Management Act (Cap 30C, 2008 Rev Ed) (“BMSMA”).[note: 50] Warren Khoo pointed
out through his email dated 20 December 2013 that collective sale meetings are
governed by the Act, and not the BMSMA.[note: 51] Nevertheless, a notice of
the meeting was issued that same day,[note: 52] and the meeting was held on 11
January 2014. Twenty-five SPs attended the meeting, which was chaired by Sally
Ching. Twenty-two SPs voted in favour of a resolution to allow the CSC to
waive any claims against an SP arising under the Objectionable Clauses. Of the
remaining three SPs, two abstained and one left early.[note: 53]

30 Following the general meeting, a CSC meeting was held on 20 February 2014.
Neither Sally Ching nor Warren Khoo attended this CSC meeting. Chan Ju-Lian
was also absent, “with apologies”.[note: 54] At the CSC meeting, the four
members present voted in favour of resolutions to the effect that court
approval for the collective sale should be sought, and that the prayers in OS
982 unrelated to the approval of the collective sale should be
withdrawn.[note: 55]

Hearings in court

7 April 2014

31 Parties first appeared before me on 7 April 2014. By then, there were six
“groups”:

(a) Choo Liang Haw and the three other CSC members who were in favour of the
Objectionable Clauses being declared not binding on the non-signatory SPs and
who supported acceptance of DLPL’s offer (the plaintiffs in OS 941 and the
10th to 13th defendants in OS 982), represented by Mr Lim Seng Siew;

(b) Sally Ching and Warren Khoo, chairperson and secretary of the CSC
respectively, (plaintiffs in OS 982), represented by Mr Michael Khoo SC;

(c) Edric Pan and Quek Chia-Min Valeria, non-signatory SPs who owned Unit 50A
(the 7th and 8th defendants in OS 941 and the 1st and 2nd defendants in OS
982), represented by Edric Pan himself, a practising lawyer;

(d) Chua Seet Mui, Lim Sui May Petrina, Lim Li Meng Dominic, Loke Ah Meng, Soh
Lay Bee and Koh Nai Hock, the remaining non-signatory SPs (the first six
defendants in OS 941 and the 3rd to 8th defendants in OS 982), represented by
Mr Adrian Tan;

(e) DLPL (the 9th defendant in OS 982), represented by Mr Davinder Singh SC
and his colleague Mr Jaikanth Shankar; and

(f) Gary Darwin (the 14th defendant in OS 982), represented by Ms Winifred
Gomez.

Parties informed me that the 3rd to 8th defendants in OS 982 had taken out
Summons No 1126 of 2014 on 4 March 2014 to strike out OS 982, on the grounds
that, _inter alia_ , the plaintiffs in OS 982 did not have the authority to
commence proceedings.

32 There was also an application, Summons No 1169 of 2014 filed on 5 March
2014 by Choo Liang Haw and the three other CSC members who supported DLPL’s
offer, to strike out certain portions of OS 982, namely, the prayers that did
not pertain to seeking court approval of the sale.

33 Shortly after the first oral hearing, on 10 April 2014, counsel for Gary
Darwin also applied, in Summons No 1678 of 2014 to strike out certain portions
of OS 982, namely the prayers pertaining to himself (prayers 13 and 14 of the
amended OS 982 filed on 17 February 2014, replicated above at [3(m)] and
[3(n)]).[note: 56]

34 Not unlike other collective sale disputes, relationships between the
factions became very fractious. Positions became more entrenched and many
applications were filed. To save time, I proposed to counsel that we deal with
all the applications and the substantive applications serially so that any
appeals to the Court of Appeal can be dealt with comprehensively. This was
agreed to by all counsel and I proceeded accordingly.

7 July 2014

35 On 7 July 2014, parties appeared before me again. As this was still a
relatively early stage in the litigation, and given the dreadful prospects of
increased costs and fees and satellite litigation, I encouraged parties to
consider mediation since all the SPs did not object to the collective sale
_per se_ but simply disagreed over whether the Objectionable Clauses should
bind the non-signatory SPs. They seemed amenable to the prospect, and agreed
to try that course.

36 I must record my appreciation to Choo Han Teck J who volunteered to be the
mediator, and at short notice. Unfortunately, despite the valiant efforts of
Choo Han Teck J, the mediation efforts were not entirely successful.

11 August 2014

37 Parties appeared before me again on 11 August 2014, and informed me that
the mediation was unsuccessful but that a settlement had been reached with the
1st and 2nd defendants of OS 982. The terms reached were for the 1st and 2nd
defendants to pay $12,500 (in total) to the common fund, and to withdraw their
objections to the collective sale. In return, the plaintiffs in OS 982 would
discontinue proceedings against them. It was agreed that each party was to
bear its own costs in OS 982.[note: 57] Mr Davinder Singh SC said it was
questionable how the plaintiffs could “settle out” a party in these
circumstances. However, as the matter was between the SPs and did not really
involve DLPL, and none of the other parties were objecting, I duly recorded
the settlement as between those parties.

25 August 2014

38 Parties next appeared before me on 25 August 2014. At this point, the
plaintiffs in OS 982 applied to amend the OS through Summons No 4148 of 2014,
which was filed on 22 August 2014. The amendments pertained to the prayers
relating to DLPL. The plaintiffs proposed to withdraw their claim for “damages
to be assessed or alternatively $15,016,800” and seek, instead, specific
performance on the part of DLPL. Mr Davinder Singh SC contested this
application. After hearing arguments from either side, I dismissed the
application for the following reasons:

(a) First, the application for amendment was filed in a tardy manner. On 11
August 2014, when parties appeared before me, Mr Michael Khoo SC informed me
of his clients’ intention to amend the OS to include a claim for specific
performance. I directed that the plaintiffs file their application for
amendment and supporting affidavit no later than 15 August 2014. Warren Khoo
filed an affidavit “in support of the [plaintiffs’] intended application for
leave to make a claim for specific performance by [DLPL] of the contract for
the purchase of [the Development]”.[note: 58] Oddly, this affidavit was filed
in support of OS 982. The application for amendment, Summons No 4818 of 2014,
was only filed on Friday, 22 August 2014. The hearing was scheduled for
Monday, 25 August 2014. Nevertheless, on 25 August 2014, I allowed the
application to go on as I did not want to hold up proceedings and I commend
opposing counsel for agreeing to go so.

(b) Secondly, with respect, I found this to be an unnecessary application.
There was no basis whatsoever for the plaintiffs to make such a claim when
there were clear, categorical and consistent statements by DLPL through their
counsel at various stages of the proceedings that DLPL fully intended to
honour its contractual obligations in the event the court approved the sale.
For instance, as early as 27 March 2014, when parties met before the assistant
registrar, Mr Jaikanth Shankar, who appeared on behalf of DLPL, stated:[note:
59]

My client’s position is this: if the Court sanctions the [sale], they will of
course abide by the Court’s directions and will proceed with the sale and
comply with all related obligations. If the Court says no to the sale, then
obviously there will be no sale.

This was repeated at two further hearings before assistant registrars held on
7 April and 27 May 2014, in hearings before me on 7 July and 11 August 2014,
and in affidavits filed on behalf of DLPL.[note: 60]

(c) Thirdly, I am not convinced that DLPL has, or is likely to, breach its
obligations. The plaintiffs’ claims that DLPL may or will choose to breach the
S&P Agreement are, in my view, contrived. It is clear that “[w]here there is
no breach to be remedied (whether actual or anticipatory), the question of
specific performance does not arise” (_The Law of Contract in Singapore_
(Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at para 23.074).

(d) Fourthly, whether there was to be specific performance or not depended on
whether the court approves the collective sale in the first place and secondly
upon the terms of the sale and purchase agreement. To my mind, the application
was more like a disguised attempt by the plaintiffs to abandon their claims
for damages or alternatively $15,016,800. If so, the proper procedure was to
ask for leave to withdraw those prayers. I should also add that I entertain
severe doubts as to whether claims of this nature belong within an OS taken
out under a s 84A application under the Act.

I hence found that the amendments were entirely unnecessary and dismissed the
application. I awarded costs to DLPL in the sum of $9,000.

39 During the same hearing, counsel for the remaining non-signatory SPs, Mr
Adrian Tan, made submissions as to why OS 982 should be struck out. First, he
emphasised how it was not supported by any affidavit when it was filed, and
remained so for about four months. Secondly, Warren Khoo lacked the authority
to bring proceedings—particularly because he named Choo Liang Haw as one of
his co-plaintiffs without his knowledge[note: 61] and it was clear, as Choo
Liang Haw’s subsequent conduct showed, that he was against the stand taken by
Warren Khoo. When OS 982 was filed, the requisite three office bearers, who
were designated as the authorised representatives of the signatory SPs
pursuant to cl 13.2 of the CSA, were named as plaintiffs. However, as Mr
Adrian Tan informed the court, Warren Khoo had simply included the names of
Sally Ching and Choo Liang Haw when he filed OS 982, without their knowledge.
Furthermore, Choo Liang Haw had subsequently been removed as a co-plaintiff,
thereby leaving only two office bearers as plaintiffs in OS 982. I reserved
judgment on this application to consider the objections and also because the
time fixed for the hearing had run out.

1 September 2014

40 Parties next appeared before me on 1 September 2014. I dismissed Mr Adrian
Tan’s striking out application (Summons No 1126 of 2014) for the following
reasons:

(a) First, I did not think this constituted a plain and obvious case that
warranted striking out (see _Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee
Chong Jin and others_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [18]).

(b) Secondly, although it is usual for an OS to be filed together with an
affidavit, this is not invariably the case. An application is “made” for the
purposes of s 84A(2B) when an OS is filed under O 100 r 2(1) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“RSC”). Order 100 r 3 provides that the OS
together with the supporting affidavits must be served on every defendant. No
specific time is set for service in O 100, and as such the default rule of six
months under O 7 r 5 read with O 6 r 4 must apply. Order 100 r 4 states that
where a plaintiff intends to adduce evidence in support of an OS, it does so
by affidavit which must be filed and served on every defendant not later than
seven days after service of the OS on the last such defendant. OS 982
(Amendment No 1) was served on 17 February 2014 and the supporting affidavit
was filed and served the next day, on 18 February 2014. Consequently, the
plaintiffs’ filing and service of the affidavits some four months of the
filing of the original OS 982 does not invalidate the OS or the application
under s 84A(2B) of the Act.

(c) Thirdly, as for the alleged lack of authority to commence OS 982, it is
true that Sally Ching and Choo Liang Haw’s permission had not been sought
before their names were included as plaintiffs. However, Sally Ching has since
ratified the use of her name as plaintiff and when it was clear that Choo
Liang Haw was not of the same mind as Sally Ching and Warrant Khoo, Choo Liang
Haw was removed as a plaintiff and added as a defendant.

I reserved costs.

41 Mr Michael Khoo SC, counsel for Warren Khoo and Sally Ching, then informed
me that his clients had withdrawn the prayers in OS 982 that pertained to DLPL
and to that end, he had sent a letter to DLPL’s counsel. Mr Jaikanth Shankar
objected and submitted that the plaintiffs required leave of court to withdraw
the prayers. Instead of a withdrawal, he argued the court should dismiss those
prayers, with costs to DLPL. After hearing extensive submissions from both
sides, I gave the plaintiffs leave to withdraw prayers eight and nine of OS
982 on the condition that they were not permitted to bring another claim in
relation to those prayers.[note: 62] I fixed costs at $20,000, based on the
tabulated account of work done tendered by Mr Jaikanth Shankar (in which he
asked for $45,000), payable by the plaintiffs to DLPL.[note: 63]

42 I then proceeded to hear Mr Adrian Tan. He first argued that the
Objectionable Clauses affected the method of distribution of the sale proceeds
in such a manner that the transaction was not in good faith. He also argued
that there was no valuation report, which brought the sale price into doubt.
He referred to s 84A(9) of the Act, to submit that in light of these issues,
the court should not order the sale. The relevant portions of s 84A(9) read:

(9) The High Court or a Board shall not approve an application made under
subsection (1) —

(_a_) if the High Court or Board, as the case may be, is satisfied that —

(i) the transaction is not in good faith after taking into account only the
following factors:

(A) the sale price for the lots and the common property in the strata title
plan;

(B) the method of distributing the proceeds of sale; and

(C) the relationship of the purchaser to any of the subsidiary proprietors…

In response to Mr Adrian Tan’s allegation that there was no valuation report,
Mr Michael Khoo SC tendered a valuation report dated 17 June 2013[note: 64] to
the court. He also referred to a letter sent by Warren Khoo to all SPs
(entitled “A Guide for Owners”) which explained how the reserve price was
fixed,[note: 65] to make the point that the SPs were not kept in the dark, and
that no one had objected to the reserve price at any point in the sale
process. This point then fell away.

43 Secondly, Mr Adrian Tan argued that there was a lack of transparency in
quantifying both the funds needed to initiate the sale process and the
contributions solicited through cl 7 of the CSA. In relation to the former, he
argued that the architect’s fees only amounted to $50,000, less than half the
amount forecast by Warren Khoo.[note: 66] In relation to the latter, he took
offence primarily with the “penalty” that non-contributors incurred—in that
they would have twice the amount (of $1,000) deducted from their portion of
the sale proceeds if the sale were to go through. He then went further to
speculate, and I use that term intentionally, that some of the signatories
_may only_ have signed (and contributed to the fund) because of the
Objectionable Clauses—thereby impugning the _bona fides_ of the entire
process. However, when queried by me, he candidly admitted that he did not
have any proof, _eg_ , in the form of affidavits or any other evidence by
“coerced” signatory SPs, to support his submission. I told Mr Adrian Tan that
I did not consider this to be a point he could really pursue as there was no
evidence to support such a submission. Without evidence or substantiation, it
may amount to nothing more than speculation. Mr Adrian Tan frankly and fairly
accepted that he could put it no higher than this.

44 Thirdly, Mr Adrian Tan pointed to the instances during the sale process
when directions under the Act were not followed. The examples he cited
included the lack of meetings with the SPs, the restrictive tender process in
which expressions of interest and offers to negotiate terms were
prohibited,[note: 67] and the fact that DLPL did not place the deposit with a
law firm. He also lamented how fundamental documents were missing, such as the
original execution pages of the CSA (which exhibited the signature of each
signatory SP).

45 It seemed clear by the end of the hearing on 1 September 2014 that only Mr
Adrian Tan’s clients took issue with the sale moving ahead.

3 November 2014

46 On 3 November 2014, parties came back before me for the last time. This was
a short hearing, dealing primarily with Gary Darwin’s case to strike out
prayers 13 and 14 of OS 982 (Summons No 1678 of 2014). Ms Winnifred Gomez
argued that the action against her client, Gary Darwin, was taken out for a
collateral purpose—to “shut everyone up”. Gary Darwin was a suitable target to
achieve this purpose, she argued, because he was identified as the “ring
leader”, through his petitioning to the STB for more time and convening a
general meeting among the SPs. Ms Winnifred Gomez explained that Gary Darwin
had taken it upon himself to call for a meeting because the plaintiffs in OS
982 were reluctant to do so. His interest was to see the sale through, and to
keep costs low.

47 I reserved judgment. I gave leave to the plaintiffs in OS 982 to file a
further affidavit exhibiting all the documents that were tendered to me in
court during the course of oral arguments. This affidavit was filed on 10
November 2014. It included copies of:

(a) the valuation report (dated 17 June 2013, by Lock Property Pte Ltd);[note:
68]

(b) written advice on the method of distribution (dated 17 June 2013, by Lock
Property Pte Ltd);[note: 69] and

(c) the original execution pages of the CSA signed by the majority of the
SPs.[note: 70]

My Decision

48 As mentioned above, this case was unique in that from the onset, until the
hearing before me, none of the parties seemed to object to the sale _per se_.
Before the STB, the non-consenting SPs, who eventually became objectors, only
voiced concerns about the applicability of the Objectionable Clauses. It was
only when this matter came before the High Court that the objectors attempted
to impugn the _bona fides_ of the collective sale process. Raising new grounds
of objections before the High Court runs contrary to the express wording of s
84A(4A), which provides that an objector “who filed an objection to the [STB]
(but no others) may re-file his objection to the sale, stating the same
grounds of objection, to the High Court”.

49 In any case, these objections would only gain traction if they amount to a
lack of good faith, within the meaning of s 84A(9)(_a_)(i) of the Act. This is
because the requisite 80% majority, pursuant to s 84A(1)(_b_) of the Act, has
already been reached. This will be considered below. As a preliminary point,
however, Mr Adrian Tan mentioned that the Objectionable Clauses had the effect
of coercing the signatory SPs into signing. As such, he speculated that many
would not have signed were it not for the presence of these clauses in the
CSA. However, he did not have any evidence from the signatory SPs to support
this claim. The closest he had was a rather bald statement by Lim Li Meng
Dominic, in his affidavit, that “[t]he Penalty Clauses caused many SPs to sign
the CSA who would otherwise have refrained from doing so. SPs were fearful
that, if they did not sign the CSA, they would be penalised”.[note: 71] Given
the dearth of evidence, as well as the fact that these allegations were being
raised for the first time before the High Court, I am of the view that the
signatory SPs had indeed signed the CSA on their own volition. The requisite
majority has hence been reached, and the only question is whether the sale
should nevertheless be stopped as a result of a lack of good faith.

The collateral issues

50 Before dealing with the crux of the matter, the Objectionable Clauses, I
turn first to what I consider the collateral issues that occupied much of
counsels’, and the court’s, time.

51 First, the deviations from procedure. Although I accept that this sale
process left much to be desired, as well as deviations from the requirements
under the First Schedule to the Act, these were largely trivial and did not
result in prejudice to any of the SPs. For instance, it was highlighted that
in the lead up to the sale, notices were not placed around the Development in
the four official languages,[note: 72] as required under paragraph 1(_b_) of
the First Schedule. As Mr Michael Khoo SC pointed out, no one in the
Development spoke or read only Malay, and therefore no prejudice was caused by
the fact that there were no notices in Malay.[note: 73] Where no prejudice is
suffered, the court should not allow a “truly technical objection” to
frustrate the wishes of the majority (see _Ng Swee Lang and another v Sassoon
Samuel Bernard and others_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 597 (“ _Ng Swee Lang_ ”) at [35]).
I also note that under s 84A(7C), the STB “shall not invalidate an application
[for a collective sale] by reason only of non-compliance with any requirement
in the First, Second or Third Schedule if the [STB] is satisfied that such
non-compliance does not prejudice the interest of any person”. I am satisfied
that there is no evidence of anyone having been prejudiced by any non-
compliance that occurred in this case.

52 Secondly, the raising of new objections. Most of the objections raised by
Mr Adrian Tan’s clients seemed to be engineered _ex post facto_. This was
telling from the contrast between their objections to the STB and their
position in these proceedings. For instance, in Lim Li Meng Dominic’s
affidavit, he states that “[f]or those of us who live in Gilstead Court, it is
impossible to replace”.[note: 74] This sentiment was noticeably absent in his
objection to the STB, which is understandable given that “impossibility of
replacement” would not amount to a legitimate objection (see ss 84A(7)–(9) of
the Act and _Ng Swee Lang_ at [36]). Rather, his objection to the STB centred
on the Objectionable Clauses, and this should rightly have been his, and his
fellow objectors’, only point of contention before this court (see s 84A(4A)
of the Act).

53 Thirdly, the issues pertaining to DLPL’s offer to make a payment of
$135,000. The starting point is that the law does not prohibit such “incentive
payments” _per se_ (see _Chua Choon Cheng and others v Allgreen Properties Ltd
and another appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 724 (“ _Allgreen_ ”) at [91]). The CSA and
the S&P Agreement, however, did contain express provisions that prohibited
such payments. In this sense, the CSC appeared to be heeding the call of the
Court of Appeal in _Allgreen_ (at [92]) to provide expressly by contract what
the appellants in _Allgreen_ tried, in vain, to have implied into their
agreement. I have dealt with this above, and have not found any breach of cl
37 on the facts. I accept DLPL’s submission that what it did was a “sensible
and practical solution to bridge the gap among the subsidiary proprietors …
which appeared to be causing the rift among the subsidiary proprietors,
provided that all the subsidiary proprietors agreed”.[note: 75] I was also of
the view, with respect, that the claims for damages or alternatively
$15,016,800 against DLPL were entirely misplaced, both as a matter of fact and
law and that it did not have any place in an OS asking for approval of a
collective sale under s 84A of the Act.

54 At this juncture, I note that the breach of a term such as cl 37, which a
CSC may have chosen to contractually provide for, does not _ipso facto_
translate to an instance of bad faith vitiating the transaction pursuant to s
84A(9)(_a_)(i) of the Act. The breach of a contractual clause, however, may be
one of the circumstances which a court takes into account when determining if
the transaction was not in good faith (see _Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata
Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another
appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 at [131]–[133]). In any case, these issues have
since fallen away and I say no more of them.

The Objectionable Clauses

55 I turn now to the crux of the matter, the applicability or enforceability
of the Objectionable Clauses. In answering this issue it would be useful to
examine the legal nature of a CSA.

56 The legal nature of a collective sale under s 84A of the Act has been
explored in various contexts and ruled upon by a series of Court of Appeal
judgments. In _Ng Swee Lang_ (at [5]), the collective sale was described as a
“statutory construct to give effect to the Government’s policy to facilitate
urban renewal by enabling old apartment blocks to be redeveloped by the
private sector”. The Court of Appeal further noted (at [7]) that:

(a) The “basic idea of the collective sale scheme is to enable majority owners
to sell the subject property to a purchaser without the consent of the
minority owners, subject to the approval of the [STB]”.

(b) The sale takes effect “by virtue of the [STB’s] order, and not by virtue
of the sale and purchase agreement. In short, the collective sale is not a
contractual sale, but a new form of statutory sale”.

(c) Once the STB “approved the collective sale application by the majority
owners, the [STB’s] order binds all the minority owners”, and both the
minority and majority owners would be “under an obligation to transfer their
respective lots and the common property to the purchaser in accordance with
the terms of the sale and purchase agreement”.

Building upon the Court of Appeal’s observations, where a stop order is issued
by the STB and the High Court subsequently orders the sale through, the same
principles apply.

57 The process of a collective sale starts with a general meeting of the
management corporation, duly convened in accordance with the Second Schedule
to the Act, where the SPs vote to embark on a collective sale. A CSC is
appointed with its composition, constitution, members and proceedings
constituted and carried out in accordance with the Third Schedule to the Act.
Section 84A(2) provides that not more than three persons from the CSC are to
act jointly as the authorised representatives of the SPs in any s 84A(1)
application for an order for sale of all the lots and common property in the
strata title plan. The appointment of these representatives occurs before the
signing of any CSA (see s 84A(1A)). In the usual course of events, a lawyer is
appointed and the CSC proceeds to have a CSA, and simultaneously or shortly
thereafter, a sale and purchase agreement is drafted by the lawyers. These
drafts are circulated to all SPs and are exhibited on the Management
Corporation’s Notice Board. The collection of signatures of SPs who are in
favour of the collective sale then ensues.

58 The Act does not prescribe the form of the CSA but it must be in writing
and must contain certain provisions, _viz_ , s 84A(1) of the Act and the First
Schedule at paras 1 and 3:

(a) It must be for the sale of all the lots and common property in the strata
title plan to a purchaser under a sale and purchase agreement.

(b) It must state the reserve price for the development.

(c) It must specify the proposed method of distributing the sale proceeds to
all the SPs, whether in cash or kind or both.

(d) It must state the fees payable to the lawyer, the marketing agent and
other persons involved in handling the collective sale.

(e) It must state the amount of the compensation fund, if any.

(f) It must identify the person entitled to any interest derived from moneys
held by any stakeholder.

(g) It must state the date of delivery of vacant possession of the lot or
flat.

(h) It must be made subject to an order being made by the STB under s 84A(6)
or the High Court under s 84A(7).

(i) It must be executed by at least the requisite majority within the time
limit specified but in no case more than 12 months before the application is
made to the STB.

59 The Act is silent as to whether these are the only terms that can be
included in the CSA or whether these are the minimum the CSA must provide for
and if so, what other terms can be included in the CSA. Does that extend to
the Objectionable Clauses as in this CSA? In _Ng Swee Lang_ , the Court of
Appeal presciently observed (at [9]) that “[a]lthough the collective sale
scheme is relatively straightforward, unfortunately, the legislation giving
effect to it – _viz_ , Pt VA of the Act – is not free from difficulty”.

60 In answering this question, we look to the role and powers of the STB or
the High Court in dealing with a collective sale where there are dissenting
SPs. It goes without saying that if there is unanimity in a collective sale,
then recourse to the STB or the High Court is not necessary.

61 However, there are those cases where there are some SPs who are not willing
to sell and will refuse to sign the CSA. It can even be a single objecting SP.
The requisite majority would then have no alternative but to make an
application to the STB under s 84A(1) for an order for the collective sale of
the strata title plan. For one reason or another, the most common being not
having valid grounds under s 84A to object, these non-signatory SPs may not
file an objection. If an invalid objection is filed, _eg_ , one based on non-
financial grounds like personal sentiment, the STB can disregard the same.
Section 84A(6) provides that where no objection has been filed under s 84A(4),
the STB shall, subject to s 84A(9) (the good faith provision), order the sale
of all the lots and common property in the strata title plan.

62 There can be little doubt that these words in s 84A(6) do not mean that the
STB is to rubber stamp the collective sale without satisfying itself, for
example, that the proposed sale does comply with the good faith provisions in
s 84A(9). Its powers must include reviewing the terms and conditions of the
CSA as it is expressly empowered to impose such conditions as it may think
fair and reasonable in approving the application under s 84A(5)(_c_). Under s
84A(11), the STB (or High Court) may make all such other orders and give such
directions as may be necessary or expedient to give effect to any order made
under s 84A(6) and s 84A(7) and these include, but are not limited to,
directions apportioning all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the sale that is the subject of any order to be borne by all
or any SPs, whether or not they are objectors. On the other hand, if the
requisite majority of SPs have signed the CSA, and there is no fraud or breach
of the good faith provisions, the STB’s power to alter the terms of the CSA is
limited (see _eg_ , the powers conferred by s 84A(5)(_c_) and s 84A(11) of the
Act). It certainly cannot extend to re-writing the terms of the CSA or the
sale and purchase agreement without the consent of the requisite majority SPs.
If there are fairly minor adjustments required, such as minor adjustments to
the apportionment of reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with
the sale, there is little doubt that it rests within the jurisdiction and
power of the STB to do so. There is however a whole range of possibilities
between re-writing the CSA and making minor adjustments that falls within a
grey area. As this does not arise on these facts, I will say no more. In the
final analysis, when the STB or High Court forms the view that the CSA is
substantively flawed, but that it is unable to correct the flaws without
substantially re-writing the parties’ contract, it should withhold giving its
sanction for the collective sale of the development.

63 It would be apposite to note that under s 84A(10), where no objection has
been filed under s 84A(4) or under s 84A(4A), the STB or the High Court, as
the case may be, shall make its determination on whether the good faith
provisions of s 84A(9) have been observed _on the basis of the facts available
to it_. There is therefore, to my mind, no obligation for the STB or the High
Court to embark on an investigative journey on its own initiative unless there
are good grounds for doing so.

64 It is important to remember that the collective sale scheme envisages that
only the majority owners are parties to the CSA and that the minority owners
need not be parties (see _Ng Swee Lang_ at [8]). The non-signatory SPs have
the _right_ to withhold their consent by not signing the CSA. However in the
event the requisite majority wish to press on with the collective sale, they
are entitled to apply, in the first instance, to the STB under s 84A(1) for
approval of and an order for the sale.

65 When an application to approve a collective sale is made to the STB under s
84A(1), any SP who has not signed the CSA (and any mortgagee or chargee or
other person (other than a lessee) with an estate or interest in the land and
whose interest is notified on the land register), _may_ file an objection to
the collective sale within 21 days from the service of the notice of the
application to the STB (see s 84A(4)). Accordingly, non-signatory SPs have a
choice at the STB stage as to whether they wish to file an objection or hold
their peace but without signing or assenting to the terms and conditions of
the CSA. If they do not lodge an objection, then they run the risk that the
STB may approve the collective sale as it stands.

66 In my judgment, if a non-signatory SP does not lodge any objection and
otherwise leaves it to the STB to order the sale, the signatory SPs cannot
hold the non-signatory SP liable for the costs of the STB application. An SP
has every right to choose not to sign a CSA, for whatever reason he or she may
have. Provided he or she does not cause the incurring of unreasonable costs,
_eg_ , by making strenuous objections on frivolous grounds, that non-signatory
SP cannot be held liable for all the costs of the ensuing STB proceedings.
That SP may, however, be made to bear, along with all other SPs, a
proportionate cost, as part of the overall cost, of the collective sale of the
development.

67 In keeping with the policy behind the Act, the type of objections that can
be lodged with the STB and Court are limited to financial grounds. This
limitation can be found in s 84A(7) the Act, _eg_ , the court must be
satisfied that an objecting SP will incur a financial loss or the proceeds to
be allocated to the objecting SP are insufficient to redeem any mortgage or
charge on his or her unit. Another limitation is set out in s
84A(9)(_a_)(ii)—the court will not approve an application where the sale and
purchase agreement would require the non-signatory SP to be a party to any
arrangement for the development of the lots and common property comprised in
the strata title plan. Personal factors like proximity to schools, shopping
facilities, age of the SPs and sentimental attachment to the place are not
valid objections (see _eg_ , _Tan Hui Peng and Others v Chow Ai Hwa and
Another_ [2006] SGSTB 2 at [33]). In Tan Sook Yee, Tang Hang Wu & Kelvin F K
Low, _Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (Lexisnexis, 3rd Ed,
2009) at para 22.96, the learned authors state:

… Although during the parliamentary debates and the representations made to
the Select Committee, arguments were addressed to the personal factors when a
subsidiary proprietor is compelled to sell his home … these arguments did not
deflect the course of the Government. As reiterated by the then Minister of
Law, Professor Jayakumar, the interest of the public in maximising the use of
scarce resources must prevail over personal factors. The safeguarding of the
individual interest comes in the form of ensuring that the subsidiary
proprietors all get a fair allocation of the proceeds of sale and the review
by the Board of all applications, even where there are no objections, to
ensure that the transaction is in good faith and at arm’s length, taking into
account certain factors as set out in section 84A(9) of the Land Titles
(Strata) Act.

68 The Act also prescribes the limits within which the High Court can redress
the objection on financial grounds. Under ss 84A(7), (7A) and (7B), if the
court is satisfied that it would be just and equitable to increase the share
of an objecting SP on financial grounds, it can do so with the consent of the
CSC, provided that the total sum ordered by the High Court does not exceed the
aggregate sum of 0.25% of the proceeds of sale for each lot or $2,000 for each
lot, whichever is the higher.

69 Where there are objections or disputes, the STB’s role is to mediate in
matters that are in dispute between the objecting SPs and the signatory SPs to
try and achieve a resolution of those disputes (s 84A(6A) of the Act). If
mediation proves unsuccessful or if there is no agreement within 60 days from
the first day set aside for mediation, the STB will issue a stop order (s
84A(6A)). A collective sale application must then be made to the High Court
within 14 days after the stop order is issued, failing which the collective
sale process will come to an end.

70 When the matter comes before the High Court, s 84A does not give much
guidance as to what the High Court can do. The relevant provisions are:

(a) s84A(5A)(_c_), which provides that the High Court has, without prejudice
to such other powers it may have under law, the power to impose such
conditions as it may think fair and reasonable in approving the application;

(b) s 84A(9)(_a_), which provides that the High Court shall not approve an
application for collective sale if it is satisfied that the transaction is not
in good faith taking into account only:

(i) the sale price for the lots and the common property in the strata title
plan;

(ii) the method of distributing the proceeds of sale; and

(iii) the relationship of the purchaser to any of the subsidiary proprietors;

(c) s84A(9)(_b_), which provides that there can be no increase in the share of
the proceeds of sale of an objecting SP, even if the High Court is satisfied
that it is just and equitable to do so, unless the CSC consents to the same
(and subject to a cap under s 84A(7B));

(d) s 84A(11), which provides that the High Court may:

(i) make all such other orders and give such directions as may be necessary or
expedient to give effect to any order made under s 84A(7) (objections on
financial grounds); and

(ii) the foregoing includes but is not limited to apportioning all reasonable
expenses incurred in connection with the sale under an order under s 84A(7) to
be borne by all or any SPs, whether or not they are objectors; and

(e) s 84A(12), which provides that the High Court may, at any time it thinks
fit, extend, vary, revoke or discharge any order made under s 84A and may vary
any term or condition upon or subject to which any such order has been made.

71 Like the powers of the STB, I have little doubt, given the legal framework
within which the collective sale operates, that the High Court does not have
the power to re-write the contract for the parties. This is because any such
major amendment would result in a CSA being very different from what the
signatory SPs agreed upon for the collective sale. For example, the High Court
might think that a certain division of the proceeds of sale would be fair, but
the requisite majority might not agree and on that basis, might not be
prepared for the sale to go through on such amended terms. For that reason,
upward adjustments to the allocation of sale proceeds to some SPs, modest as
they may be under ss 84A(7), (7A) and (7B), must be agreed to by the CSC (see
s 84A(9)(_b_)), failing which the High Court cannot make such adjustments.

72 Bearing these principles in mind, I now come to the Objectionable Clauses.

Clause 7 – SPs’ contribution towards the costs and expenses of a collective
sale

73 Clause 7 called for _all_ SPs in the Development to contribute $2,000
towards the costs and expenses that will be incurred in a collective sale
(this sum was subsequently reduced to $1,000 so as to encourage more SPs to
sign the CSA). The fees incurred to date were stated at cl 3.3.2 of the CSA to
be $140,632 (comprising the architect’s fees of $120,000, the URA processing
fee of $15,015 and a topographical survey fee of $5,617). An SP who chose not
to sign the CSA could still make the contribution before the Closing Date for
signing the CSA. Upon the successful completion of the collective sale, the
SPs who contributed would be refunded this contribution of $2,000 or $1,000 or
such greater sum they chose to contribute together with simple interest at the
rate of 12% per annum. In the event the collective sale did not go through,
there would be a proportionate refund to the contributors after paying off the
aborted expenses. Under cl 7.5, for those SPs who did not make this upfront
contribution, a default contribution of double the amount of $2,000 (later
reduced to $1,000) would be deducted from their share of the sale proceeds
upon a successful completion of the collective sale and paid over to a common
fund which would be shared by the contributing SPs without prejudice to any
other liability the non-contributing SP may incur under other provisions of
the CSA.

74 Bearing in mind the legal attributes of a collective sale under s 84A, in
my judgment this clause is unsustainable and unenforceable and must be struck
down. This is for the following reasons:

(a) First, the non-signatory SPs are entitled not to join in the collective
sale. This must include an entitlement not to have to make an upfront
contribution to necessary front-end expenses to be incurred to get the
collective sale process going.

(b) Secondly, they are not signatories to the CSA and are not bound by the
CSA. In my view, the signatory SPs cannot impose such financial obligations
upon the non-signatory SPs by a contract signed only as between themselves.

(c) Thirdly, the non-signatory SPs may not, in the first place, want to sell
at all. If for any reason the collective sale falls through, which is
something the signatory SPs embarked upon against the wishes of the minority,
pursuant to the mandated contributions, the minority would have to bear a
portion of the expenses of their venture. This cannot be right, otherwise a
majority can embark on an ill-advised collective sale and yet call upon the
detractors to contribute to the costs therefor.

(d) Fourthly, I do not know of any principle of law that allows a contract
made between the signatory SPs to impose nothing short of a penalty upon third
parties (such as the non-signatory SPs) for having failed to contribute to
what they did not agree to. Here, if the collective sale is successful, a non-
signatory, non-contributing SP has to contribute double the amount called for
and such sums are to be shared amongst those who contributed. The sum may be
modest, but that does not affect the principle behind this reasoning. Perhaps
these are the reasons that caused Warren Khoo to note that cl 7 was “not
drafted in as sufficient detail as might have been desired”.[note: 76]

75 As noted above, the non-signatory SPs are not parties to the CSA and are
not bound by its terms. When a sale is sanctioned by the High Court, it is a
statutory sale that comes into being and it is that order from the High Court
that binds the non-signatory SPs to sell their units along with the common
property.

76 The objections filed by the non-signatory SPs before the STB are telling
and all of them (except for Koh Nai Hock (owner of Unit 54K) who additionally
stated that as a foreigner, the sale would unfavourably affect his chances of
finding a similar apartment in the same vicinity and he may not be able to
afford a replacement apartment in District 11 where his family and children
having been living for the past 12 years) are almost identically worded, as
follows:[note: 77]

1\. I am not objecting to the spirit of the collective sale however I am
objecting to certain clauses as stated in the [CSA]…

2\. The transaction is not in good faith as the proposed method of
distributing the proceeds of sale penalises the minority owners. This is
prejudicial to and unfairly discriminates against the minority owners…

3\. The [CSA] unjustifiably seeks to impose financial penalties and sanctions
against the minority owners, for no reason other than that they have exercised
their legal prerogative not to participate in the collective sale process.

4\. The following provisions in the CSA… that I am objecting:

\- Clause 7.3: Seeks to refund contributions to the majority owners together
with interest of 12% per annum, at the expense of the minority owners.

\- Clause 7.5: Seeks to penalise the minority owners by withholding _twice_
the Contribution amount from their sale proceeds, with no refund or interest
payable to them. The amount withheld from the minority owners in this manner
is then intended to be distributed among the majority owners.

\- Clause 7.5 also unfairly describes the minority owners as “Defaulting
Owners”.

\- Clause 11: Unilaterally seeks to make the minority owners bear the costs of
the STB and High Court approval proceedings. Also seeks to allow the majority
owners to sue the minority owners for “delay in the receipt of the Sale
Proceeds” due to the need for STB and/or High Court approval.

\- Clauses 8.4(b), 8.5(a), 8.5(b). 9.2(d), 9.4.1, 9.4.2: these are related to
the objections above.

…

Edric Pan and Quek Chia-Min Valerie (owners of Unit 50A) additionally objected
to the “Notice of Proposed Application” dated 1 July 2013, where the CSC
stated that it intended to apply under s 84C of the Act for an attorney to be
appointed to effect the transfer of their unit and receive their share of the
Net Sale Proceeds. According to them, such an application would be oppressive
and completely without basis.[note: 78]

77 I am of the view that the High Court has the power to strike down this
clause as unenforceable on the following basis:

(a) First, this is a power the High Court has at common law. It stems from the
“blue pencil” doctrine, and the court can, as such, remove this clause from
the CSA.

(b) Secondly, it is clear that s 84A(5A) of the Act does not purport to
restrict such power, as is apparent from the phrase “without prejudice to such
other powers it may have under law”.

(c) Thirdly, and alternatively to sub-paragraph (a) above, there is also power
conferred by s 84A(5A)(_c_) to impose such conditions as I think fair and
reasonable in approving the application.

78 Although having struck down cl 7.5 of the CSA as unenforceable, I would add
the following view, albeit _obiter_. When the requisite majority obtain an
order of the STB or High Court for the collective sale, I cannot see anything
objectionable that all SPs (including those who are not in favour of a
collective sale), bear the costs and expenses of the collective sale in
proportion to the share values and their unit area. This is but a consequence
or necessary incidental cost in the creation of the sale proceeds which are
divided between all SPs. I also accept that as a matter of practicality, those
SPs who want a collective sale may have to put up the funds for the initial
expenditure necessary to start the process going. The question then is—should
they be compensated for making the funds available upfront? On the one hand,
if some SPs embark on such a venture without having everyone on board, they
have to bear the consequences of the venture failing, which includes bearing
the costs therefor. If for any reason a collective sale initiative fails to
come to fruition, it is difficult to see why those who object to it have to
bear part of the cost. On the other hand, if the signatory SPs obtain a bank
overdraft to fund these initial costs and expenses, it is equally difficult to
see why, if the collective sale succeeds, the cost of the overdraft should not
form part of the costs and expenses to be born proportionately by all.
However, “compensating” the signatory SPs who put upfront money for the
collective sale at a very high rate of 12% per annum (when compared to the
cost of funds), even though it is shared by all signatory SPs, should not be
allowed. This is because it essentially amounts to attractive returns to those
SPs who bet on the collective sale going through. _A fortiori_ , the signatory
SPs should not be allowed to share the “penalty” that the non-signatory SPs
have to pay under cl 7.5.

Clause 11 – Abuse of Process

79 Under cl 11, if a collective sale is approved by the STB or High Court, the
non-signatory SP who did not file any objection to a s 84A application to the
STB or High Court, or who withdrew or abandoned his objection or did not have
his objection recognised expressly or impliedly by the STB or High Court,
shall be liable for the entirety or an appropriate part of the costs and
expenses of and in connection with the approval proceedings before the STB or
High Court. This would be chargeable against the non-signatory SPs and
withheld from their share of the sale proceeds and paid over to the common
fund to account for the costs and expenses of the collective sale.

80 As noted above, one of the original prayers in OS 982 was for the non-
signatory SPs to bear the costs of $27,000 at the stage of the STB
application. $27,000 represented each non-signatory SP’s portion of the
$135,000 incurred, the breakdown of which is provided above (at [13]). This
$135,000 was the same sum DLPL offered to pay so that the remaining non-
signatory SPs would not have to bear the costs and expenses under cl 11 and
proceed to sign the CSA.

81 In my judgment, cl 11 is likewise unenforceable and should be struck down.
As I have noted above, an SP _is_ entitled to withhold signing the CSA in the
event he does not want, for whatever reason, whether personal or otherwise, to
sell his unit. For example, Lim Li Meng Dominic deposed that “[f]or those of
us who live in Gilstead Court, it is impossible to replace”.[note: 79] This
non-signatory SP is unable to raise this personal reason as a valid objection
before the STB or the High Court because he is constrained by statute which
limits objections to financial grounds. Even after the requisite majority is
attained, an application is required in any case for the STB or the High Court
to sanction the collective sale under s 84A, even if the non-signatory SP
chooses not to lodge any objection. In such an event, it is normal and fair
that all SPs are made to share the costs and expenses of a successful
collective sale that is invariably proportionate to their unit share value and
area. However it is unjust and impermissible, by a contract amongst the
requisite majority signatory SPs, to make the non-signatory SPs bear these
costs.

82 What the signatory SPs are in effect doing is forcing the minority to agree
to the sale so that there is no need to resort to the statutory scheme for the
collective sale before the STB or High Court, failing which they will be
liable for the costs of the STB application. There is some evidence of this
from the following a paragraphs in the Notice of Proposed Application to the
STB by the CSC to the non-signatory SPs:

The ground for this application is that there is substantial doubt whether you
will co-operate in the implementation of the order for sale expected to be
issued. Your prevaricating attitude towards the sale, _including your final
decision to refuse, without good cause, to sign the CSA even after the
requisite 80% of the owners had done so, gives rise to such doubts._ [emphasis
added]

83 Unfortunately this is something a requisite or even overwhelming majority
cannot do. As noted above, a collective sale under s 84A _takes away_ the
right of an SP to refuse to sell his unit if the requisite majority SPs wish
to sell. However, it _does not_ require a non-consenting SP to sign a CSA so
that an application to the STB or High Court becomes unnecessary. Until the
statutory collective sale in s 84A came into being, a single SP could exercise
his right not to sell his unit and scuttle any collective sale of the whole
development.

84 I also note that cl 11 does not state who is to decide whether the non-
signatory SP bears the entirety or appropriate part of the costs and expense
in connection with the approval proceedings before the STB or High Court. The
parties cannot by contract take away the power of the court to decide the
question of costs. Costs are, first and foremost, at the discretion of the
court. Any agreement between parties that purports to deal with the
apportionment of legal costs would constitute only one of the many factors
that the court can take into account in exercising its discretion. Who is to
bear what proportion of the costs of a s 84A application to the High Court is
something that is entirely within the purview of the court, not the CSC or the
signatory SPs.

Clause 12 – Sanctions against corrupt behaviour

85 A rather unfortunate view was taken of DLPL’s offer to pay a sum of
$135,000 in an effort to end the dispute over the costs incurred by the STB
application. Sally Ching and Warren Khoo decided that this was an “intrusion”
on the part of DLPL amounting to an “extraneous” payment.[note: 80] Choo Liang
Haw and the other CSC members and SPs disagreed. Clause 37 of the S&P
Agreement has been set out above. The operative words describing the
prohibited payment caught by that clause are

… if [DLPL] should give to any Owner any consideration in money or in kind
which is, or would be, extraneous to what the Owner would properly be entitled
to under the CSA, (1) as an inducement to do or abstain from doing or (2) as
reward for doing or abstaining from doing any of the following things …

86 As pointed out by DLPL, it had simply made an offer to break the deadlock,
which was made openly to members of the CSC and was an offer to _all_ the SPs.
There was no surreptitious offer to any individual SPs. The first email dated
12 September 2013 was to the CSC, for the attention of Warren Khoo. It
followed upon a report in The Straits Times of the dispute which specifically
mentioned the unhappiness of the five objecting owners over Cll 7 and 11. DLPL
offered $50,000 “for the benefit of all owners” to meet the costs of the STB
proceedings and asked for full disclosure of its offer to all SPs. This sum,
following upon STB hearings set out above, was increased to $100,000 and then
$135,000 by way of emails from DLPL to the CSC dated 25 and 26 September 2013.
As pointed out in DLPL’s submissions, there was no response from the CSC that
DLPL’s offers were improper or contravened the S&P Agreement.

87 Unfortunately, Mr Davinder Singh SC stated at the hearing before me on 25
August 2014 that DLPL was no longer prepared to maintain the offer of
$135,000.[note: 81]

88 To put this matter to rest, there was nothing that occurred here to trigger
any issue arising under cl 12 of the CSA or cl 37 of the S&P Agreement.

The Thinking behind the CSA

89 The CSA is a very comprehensive and admirably drawn up contract. I am
satisfied that Warren Khoo wanted to draft a “perfect” document for a
“perfect” collective sale which would sail through without undue hitches and
would treat everyone equally. All the alternatives were thought out. There was
even a mechanism for adjusting the share of the proceeds of sale to deserving
SPs. Under cl 10 of the CSA, a Sales Facilitation Committee was set up to
“[assist] and [give] support to Affected Owners or their next of kin to remove
obstacles to the signing of this Agreement arising from death, mental
disability, insolvency or other disabilities, including where necessary
assisting in making applications to court” as well as to “[assist] and [give]
support to Affected Owners who have special reasons not to sign the
Agreement”. Clause 10 also provided for increasing the share of an SP but not
more than what a court can award under ss 84A(7A) and (7B) and subject to
approval by all the SPs through an EOGM and passing of an ordinary resolution.

90 Warren Khoo argued that the principle behind the Offending Clauses was
equality. He explained this as follows:[note: 82]

The new CSA also seeks to cope with the emerging trend of allegedly
“unwilling” owners who have no reason not to sign up but could be persuaded to
do so by being given special privileges, such as waiver of the contribution to
common expenses of the sale. We proceeded on the assumption that all Owners
must be treated equally in a collective sale. They must share the risks of
failure and the fruits of success equally with everybody else. This is the
underlying basis for CSA Clause 7.5 and 11. …

91 Although borne out of benevolent intentions, the Objectionable Clauses
unfortunately caused strife. The idea behind the Objectionable Clauses,
specifically “that all Owners must be treated equally in a collective sale”,
as I have set out above, fails to recognise the basic rights of objecting SPs
at law.

92 I agree with the non-signatory SPs that the Objectionable Clauses cause an
unjustifiably unequal distribution of the sale proceeds but, I hasten to add,
not to the extent of impugning the _bona fides_ of the transaction.

93 The simple point is, returning to Warren Khoo’s quote, that there was never
“equal treatment” among the SPs from the outset. There never is “equal
treatment” in any case that requires resort to s 84A of the Act. The very
notion of a statutory sale implies that consent from some of the owners is
lacking, and that the majority’s wishes are prioritised, subject to certain
safeguards. In fact, Warren Khoo’s quote on equal treatment is contained in
the portion of his affidavit sub-headed “Prevention of oppression by the
minority”. With respect, it can and should also be “prevention of oppression
of the minority by the majority”, because in taking away the right of the
minority not to sell their units, the law gives them some safeguards and
allows them to object by not signing the CSA, but once the requisite majority
comply with the statutory provisions and obligations, they are entitled to ask
the High Court to sell all the units and common property in a strata title
plan, including the units of those who object to the sale.

94 I find that the principle of “equal treatment”, which allegedly underpinned
cl 7, may have been erroneously pursued. Although the sums involved in the
arguments over cl 7 were rather small, in the region of $2,000 per unit, this
same misguided pursuit of “equality” seemed to be the foundation of the
plaintiffs’ arguments on cl 11, which involved significantly greater sums.

95 Having identified the problems with the Objectionable Clauses, I can either
(1) allow the sale through subject to conditions that I may think fair and
reasonable, pursuant to s 84A(5A)(_c_), or (2) refuse to allow the sale
through. Although the latter would be simpler and neater, it would not be in
the interests of the requisite majority of the SPs, not least given the
present state of the property market. With this in mind, I find that the
former approach, though more tedious, is the fair one. Noting that it is not
the function of the court to meddle unduly with an agreement that was
essentially meant to be as between, at the very least, 80% of the SPs, I
propose to allow the sale subject to the minimal conditions as discussed
above, and reiterated below at [103] and [104].

Want of Authority

96 Although not directly concerned with the issue of the Objectionable
Clauses, one point raised by Mr Adrian Tan was that the plaintiffs in OS 982
lacked the authority to initiate proceedings. This was a serious allegation
that could have led to the striking out of the OS. His main reason for this
was that the OS was not brought by all three members of the Exco, as was
required by cl 13.2 of the CSA.[note: 83]

97 Although OS 982 was in fact commenced in the names of the requisite three
members of the Exco (as plaintiffs), Choo Liang Haw’s name was simply
“provisionally retained” as one of the plaintiffs at that time.[note: 84] In
fact, Choo Liang Haw was not even aware that he was named as a plaintiff in OS
982 at that point. It was only after OS 982 was filed that he stated he “would
have no objections” to be a plaintiff in OS 982, “if it was only about the [s
84A] approval”.[note: 85] However, he objected to the remaining prayers in OS
982, and it was this difference in views that led to him being removed as a
plaintiff and named as a defendant. As stated above, no issue arises with
regard to Sally Ching, who although not originally consulted before she was
named as a plaintiff, she subsequently ratified Warren Khoo’s act in so naming
her as a plaintiff and it is plain in subsequent events, she agreed with the
stand and actions of Warren Khoo.

98 Although I find the manner in which these proceedings were commenced rather
unsatisfactory, notably the use of a party’s name as co-plaintiff without his
or her prior consent, I find that to derail this sale on a such a technicality
would be to the prejudice of most, if not all, of the parties. I accept there
have been no meetings of the CSC to vote in new office holders. However, I
find that I have before me all but one the members of the CSC including the
three office holders, albeit under two OSs. The crux of the issue is the
enforceability of the Objectionable Clauses as more than the requisite
majority has been attained and they are asking for a collective sale under s
84A. It is an absolute waste of time and costs to ask these parties to go away
and regularise the proceedings. Much harm has already been done, much
animosity has been unfortunately generated, legal expenses have been wracked
up and it is in nobody’s interest to have this re-litigated. In my view, the
essential issues are clear, the parties have made their submissions and I am
therefore able to give my decision thereon.

Gary Darwin

99 This issue can be shortly disposed of. The plaintiffs’ prayers against Gary
Darwin (that relate to him breaching his duty to other signatory SPs to
observe and uphold all the provisions of the CSA) are entirely misplaced and
should never have been brought in these proceedings under s 84A of the Act. In
any case, Gary Darwin’s convening of the EOGM was of no effect not only
because it was convened pursuant to the wrong statute and provisions but also
because the EOGM was not entitled to pass the resolutions that it purported to
do. In fact, it was Warren Khoo who pointed out that, because the EOGM was
convened pursuant to the wrong statute, it was therefore legally
invalid.[note: 86] Given that the EOGM was invalid, and that Gary Darwin’s
actions were futile from the onset, it would be difficult to establish that he
had contravened any obligation he owed to observe and uphold the provisions of
the CSA.

100 I also do not find that Gary Darwin was doing anything other than trying
to resolve the situation and not allowing the dispute and the costs to
escalate as is the case now. He was certainly willing to waive the
applicability of the Objectionable Clauses to the non-signatory SPs and so
were the other signatory SPs who voted for the purported resolution at the
EOGM. I have now found and held the Objectionable Clauses to be unenforceable.

101 I should repeat that I find it a shame that DLPL’s offer was not accepted
and so put to rest any disputes arising between the signatory and non-
signatory SPs. None of these disputes would have escalated if this had been
done.

102 Rather than accede to a striking out of the plaintiffs’ claims against
them in OS 982, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ application for the declarations set
out at [3(m)] and [3(o)] and their prayer for an injunction at [3(n)] above.

Conclusion

103 Having considered all the submissions and evidence before me, I order that
all the lots and common property in the Development be sold collectively to
DLPL according to the terms and conditions of the conditional contract of sale
concluded on 17 June 2013, the S&P Agreement and the CSA, subject to the
following:

(a) Clause 7.5 and related clauses pertaining to the consequences that SPs who
failed to pay contributions, pursuant to cl 7.1 are struck out;

(b) SPs who have paid contributions pursuant to cl 7.1 will be reimbursed
pursuant to either cl 7.3 or cl 7.4 but only with reasonable interest which I
fix at 4% per annum;

(c) Clause 11 is similarly struck out; and

(d) Costs and expenses for the collective sale, other than costs of the
proceedings before the STB and this Court, shall be paid by all SPs
proportionately to their share according to their unit share value and area as
set out in Schedule 4 to the CSA. Any dispute or doubt as to the costs and
expenses for the collective sale as set out herein shall be heard and decided
by me through subsequent applications under OS 982.

104 For the avoidance of doubt, the prayers set out in OS 982 are dealt with
as follows:

(a) Prayers 1 and 2 (above at [3(a)] and [3(b)]), have been dealt with above
at [103].

(b) Prayers 3 and 4 (above at [3(c)] and [3(d)]), which deal with giving
effect to the Objectionable Clauses, are dismissed.

(c) No order is made in relation to prayers 5, 6 and 7 (above at [3(e)],
[3(f)] and [3(g)]), which deal with the leadership of the CSC.

(d) Prayers 8 and 9 (above at [3(h)] and [3(i)]), which deal with DLPL, have
already been withdrawn, and were dealt with at the hearing on 1 September 2014
(see above at [41]).

(e) Prayers 10, 11 and 12 (above at [3(j)], [3(k)] and [3(l)]), which deal
with the other CSC members’ actions in attempting to overcome the
Objectionable Clauses, are dismissed.

(f) Prayers 13 and 14 (above at [3(m)] and [3(n)]), which deal with Gary
Darwin, are dismissed.

(g) No order is made in relation to prayer 15 (above at [3(o)]), which deals
with the EOGM.

(h) As to prayers 16 and 17 (above at [3(p)] and [3(q)]), which deal with
costs, unless agreed, the parties are to file written submissions on liability
for costs as well as on quantum including disbursements within three weeks
from this judgment. I shall hear the parties on costs on a date to be fixed by
the Registrar.

(i) No order is made in relation to prayers 18 and 19 (above at [3(r)] and
[3(s)]), which deal with consequential orders and liberty to apply. However, I
grant parties liberty to apply in relation to any issue arising as to the
completion of the collective sale or the implementation of any of my orders
made herein as well as generally. There shall also be liberty to apply in the
event there are any disputes or differences in interpretation or
implementation of any of the clauses of the CSA as a result of the orders made
herein.

105 There shall be no orders made for OS 941. Submissions on costs for OS 982
should include costs for OS 941, and all related applications and matters.

* * *

[note: 1]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 20.

[note: 2]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 24.

[note: 3]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 57.

[note: 4]Gary Darwin’s Affidavit dated 3 April 2014 at para 5 and Warren
Khoo’s Affidavit dated 17 April 2014 at para 10.

[note: 5]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at paras 5 and 58.

[note: 6]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 59.

[note: 7]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 68.

[note: 8]Lim Li Meng Dominic’s Affidavit dated 18 March 2014 at para 12 and
Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 17 April 2014 at paras 17–18.

[note: 9]For the minutes of this meeting, see Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18
February 2014 at pp 260–266.

[note: 10]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at pp 202–211.

[note: 11]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 211.

[note: 12]For the Appointment Agreement, see Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18
February 2014 at pp 280–287.

[note: 13]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 72.

[note: 14]For the minutes of this meeting, see Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated
18 February 2014 at pp 268–274.

[note: 15]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 77.

[note: 16]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 83.

[note: 17]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 15 August 2014 at pp 27–29.

[note: 18]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 347.

[note: 19]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 324.

[note: 20]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 77.

[note: 21]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 90.

[note: 22]Pan Xingzheng Edric’s Affidavit dated 18 March 2014 at paras 41–42
and p 49.

[note: 23]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 289 and Warren
Khoo’s Affidavit dated 17 April 2014 at para 91.

[note: 24]For the objection filed by Chua Seet Mui, see Warren Khoo’s
Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 449. For the objection filed by Lim Li
Meng Dominic, see Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 466. For
the objection filed by Lim Sui May Petrina, see Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated
18 February 2014 at p 472. For the objection filed by Pan Xingzheng Edric and
Quek Chia-Min Valerie, see Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p
446. For the objection filed by Soh Lay Bee and Loke Ah Meng, see Warren
Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 455. For the objection filed by
Koh Nai Hock, see Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 478.

[note: 25]This was contained in the objections filed by Chua Seet Mui and Koh
Nai Hock (Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at pp 450 and 479
respectively).

[note: 26]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 79.

[note: 27]For the talking points of the meeting, see Warren Khoo’s Affidavit
dated 18 February 2014 at pp 80–85.

[note: 28]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at pp 86–87 and Lee
Liat Yeang’s Affidavit dated 18 March 2014 at para 6.

[note: 29]Chong Chou Yuen’s Affidavit dated 20 March 2014 at para 17.

[note: 30]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 94.

[note: 31]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 88.

[note: 32]Lee Liat Yeang’s Affidavit dated 18 March 2014 at p 9.

[note: 33]Lee Liat Yeang’s Affidavit dated 18 March 2014 at para 7(d).

[note: 34]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 99 and Lee
Liat Yeang’s Affidavit dated 18 March 2014 at para 8.

[note: 35]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 99.

[note: 36]Lee Liat Yeang’s Affidavit dated 18 March 2014 at para 8.

[note: 37]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 100 and Chong
Chou Yuen’s Affidavit dated 20 March 2014 at paras 9–10.

[note: 38]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at pp 94–95.

[note: 39]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at pp 97–98 and Chong
Chou Yuen’s Affidavit dated 20 March 2014 at paras 9–10.

[note: 40]Pan Xingzheng Edric’s Affidavit dated 18 March 2014 at p 14.

[note: 41]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 107.

[note: 42]Lee Liat Yeang’s Affidavit dated 18 March 2014 at para 9.

[note: 43]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 108.

[note: 44]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at pp 120–121.

[note: 45]Minute Sheet dated 1 September 2014 at p 24.

[note: 46]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 113.

[note: 47]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 5 February 2014 at paras 12–22.

[note: 48]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 5 February 2014 at paras 26–27.

[note: 49]Gary Darwin’s Affidavit dated 3 April 2014 at para 21 and Warren
Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at pp 167–168.

[note: 50]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 171.

[note: 51]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 176.

[note: 52]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 177.

[note: 53]Choo Liang Haw’s Affidavit dated 6 March 2014 at para 24. See also
Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 184.

[note: 54]Choo Liang Haw’s Affidavit dated 6 March 2014 at para 26.

[note: 55]Choo Liang Haw’s Affidavit dated 6 March 2014 at pp 51–52.

[note: 56]The application was originally made on 3 April 2014. Summons No 1678
of 2014 (Amendment No 1) was filed on 10 April 2014.

[note: 57]Minute Sheet dated 11 August 2014.

[note: 58]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 15 August 2014 at para 2.

[note: 59]Minute Sheet dated 27 March 2014.

[note: 60]See, _eg_ , Chong Chou Yuen’s Affidavit dated 20 August 2014 at para
8.

[note: 61]Minute Sheet dated 25 August 2014 at p 6.

[note: 62]Minute Sheet dated 1 September 2014 at p 6.

[note: 63]Minute Sheet dated 1 September 2014 at p 7.

[note: 64]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 10 November 2014 at pp 7–19.

[note: 65]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 237.

[note: 66]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 242.

[note: 67]Clause 5(a) of the S&P Agreement (Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18
February 2014 at p 317).

[note: 68]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 10 November 2014 at pp 7–19.

[note: 69]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 10 November 2014 at pp 21–25.

[note: 70]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 10 November 2014 at pp 27–79.

[note: 71]Lim Li Meng Dominic’s Affidavit dated 18 March 2014 at para 16.

[note: 72]Minute Sheet dated 25 August 2014 at p 12 and Opening Statement of
the Objectors at paras 79–82.

[note: 73]Minute Sheet dated 25 August 2014 at p 12.

[note: 74]Lim Li Meng Dominic’s Affidavit dated 18 March 2014 at para 10.

[note: 75]Written Submissions of the 9th Defendant in OS 982 dated 22 August
2014 at paras 6 to 8.

[note: 76]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 84.

[note: 77]This is based on the objection filed by Chua Seet Mui (Warren Khoo’s
Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 449). For the objection filed by Lim Li
Meng Dominic, see Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 466. For
the objection filed by Lim Sui May Petrina, see Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated
18 February 2014 at p 472. For the objection filed by Pan Xingzheng Edric and
Quek Chia-Min Valerie, see Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p
446. For the objection filed by Soh Lay Bee and Loke Ah Meng, see Warren
Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 455. For the objection filed by
Koh Nai Hock, see Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 478.

[note: 78]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at p 448

[note: 79]Lim Li Meng Dominic’s Affidavit dated 18 March 2014 at para 10.

[note: 80]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at paras 96–102.

[note: 81]Minute Sheet dated 25 August 2014 at p 19.

[note: 82]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 18 February 2014 at para 52.

[note: 83]Opening Statement of the Objectors at paras 10–11.

[note: 84]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 5 February 2014 at para 17.

[note: 85]Choo Liang Haw’s Affidavit dated 6 March 2014 at para 17.

[note: 86]Warren Khoo’s Affidavit dated 17 April 2014 at para 26.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Feb 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

