Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  TGT _v_ TGU  
[2015] SGHCF 10

Case Number| :| Registrar's Appeal (Family Courts) No 22 of 2015  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 October 2015  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Foo Tuat Yien JC  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gloria James-Civetta and Shen Luda Genesis (Gloria James-
Civetta & Co) for the appellant; Koh Tien Hua and Thian Wen Yi (Harry Elias
Partnership LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  TGT — TGU  
  
22 October 2015| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Foo Tuat Yien JC:

1 This is a father’s appeal against a district judge’s refusal to stay a
mother’s application for maintenance of their son, R, under s 5 of the
Guardianship of Infants Act (Cap 122, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Guardianship of
Infants Act”), on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. The father contends
that the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region is a clearly more appropriate
forum.

2 The mother and R are citizens of and reside in Hong Kong. R, who was born
out of wedlock, is now over 21 years old. He is autistic and has been
diagnosed with obsessive compulsive disorder. The father is a British citizen
who holds permanent residencies in Hong Kong and Singapore. He is currently
employed and resides in Singapore.

3 The mother’s case is that she was driven to make the application in
Singapore because she had not done so in Hong Kong and is out of time under
Hong Kong law. The mother’s Hong Kong solicitors have advised that s 12A of
the Hong Kong Guardianship of Minors Ordinance (Chapter 13) (“the HK
Guardianship of Minors Ordinance”) provides that an application to a Hong Kong
court for child maintenance must be made _before_ a child becomes 18 years
old, the age of majority in Hong Kong. While the Hong Kong Matrimonial
Proceedings and Property Act (Chapter 192) allows applications for child
maintenance to be made after a child reaches 18 years of age, this avenue is
only open for child maintenance for a _legitimate_ child and not a child born
out of wedlock.[note: 1] Both ordinances empower a court, in specified
circumstances, to order child maintenance to continue beyond 18 years of age.

4 In contrast, an application for child maintenance under s 5 of the
Guardianship of Infants Act in Singapore may be made in respect of _any_ child
before he reaches 21 years of age, the age of majority in Singapore. The
mother applied for maintenance for R in Singapore on 5 February 2015, which is
about one month shy of R’s 21st birthday. It must also be noted that under s
69 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Women’s Charter”), an
application for child maintenance (whether for a child of the marriage or one
born out of wedlock) may be filed after a child attains the age of 21 years
and the court may make an order for child maintenance beyond that age in
certain circumstances.

5 The learned district judge, applying the two-stage test in _Spiliada
Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“the _Spiliada_ ”), found
Hong Kong to be the more appropriate forum at the first stage. At the second
stage, she was satisfied that a stay would deprive R of a right of action in
maintenance against the father. An application for R’s maintenance under the
HK Guardianship of Minors Ordinance was out of the question as the mother had
not applied before R became 18 years old. The learned district judge held that
Singapore law regarded the child’s welfare as the paramount consideration. The
issue of comity of nations was also not engaged as there was no competing law
suit in Hong Kong. She therefore declined to grant a stay.

6 This appeal raises three related questions. First, whether Hong Kong is an
available forum within the meaning of the _Spiliada_ test. Second, if Hong
Kong is an available forum, whether it is clearly more appropriate than
Singapore. Third, whether a stay should in any event be refused to prevent
denial of substantial justice.

7 I agree with the learned district judge that Hong Kong is an available and
clearly more appropriate forum. My view, however, is that there will be no
denial of substantial justice if the proceedings in Singapore are stayed. I
therefore allow the appeal and grant an unconditional stay of proceedings in
Singapore. These are my reasons.

The facts

The parties

8 The father is 62 years old and is the regional head at the Singapore branch
of a foreign bank. His monthly salary is about $26,000 inclusive of bonus,
based on figures from 2013.[note: 2] He owns a family home in the UK and lives
in a rented apartment in Singapore. He claims he is due to retire in three
years,[note: 3] and will return to the UK thereafter.[note: 4]

9 The mother is 57 years old. She has been unemployed since February 2014,
save for three months between October and November 2014. She was previously
employed by banks, including investment banks. Her tax documents indicate she
was paid a substantial salary. She earned HK$2,729,915 (about S$500,000) in
the 2011/2012 financial year, HK$2,382,507 (about S$430,000) in the 2012/2013
financial year, and HK$1,857,280 (about S$330,000) in the 2013/2014 financial
year.[note: 5] She has made job applications, including to Goldman Sachs and
Sumitomo Nikko with interviews in London on separate occasions,[note: 6] and
Credit Suisse in Hong Kong.[note: 7] Her applications were, however not
successful. The mother owns a family home in Hong Kong and an apartment in
London, that she bought in 2013 for the elder daughter, who is studying
there.[note: 8] The mother claims she borrowed money from her sister and ex-
husband to buy the latter property. She is not servicing any bank loans for
the properties.[note: 9]

The relationship

10 The father and mother became intimate in July 1988 after meeting at their
workplace in a bank in Hong Kong. The father was her supervisor, and both were
then married with children. The father remains so married. The father and
mother had two children together but never married. An elder daughter was born
to them in 1992, and R, in 1994. The mother divorced her husband only later in
1999.[note: 10]

11 Parties dispute when their relationship broke down. According to the
father, it deteriorated in the mid-1990s and ended in 1998 or 1999. The mother
says their relationship “continued ... until June 2014”.[note: 11] The
father’s position is credible and consistent with his departure from Hong Kong
in 1998 and the correspondence between them in 1995 through their respective
Hong Kong solicitors. The correspondence acknowledged “the relationship
between them [was] at an end” and canvassed arrangements for the children’s
provision.[note: 12] The father objected when the mother wanted to announce
their children’s births to his family members. He wanted to save his marriage
and afford to his wife and family protection from the mother’s
harassment.[note: 13] Their negotiations on the maintenance and setting up of
a trust fund for the children were inconclusive and trailed off when the
mother did not respond to the father’s proposal in November 1995. I will come
back to this correspondence and deal with it in greater detail later.

12 The father left for Singapore in 1998, went to the UK in 2006 and returned
to work in Singapore in 2012. The mother remained in Hong Kong with the
children. Their relationship would seem to have been cordial after the
breakdown. They and the children met up for meals or outings on occasion when
they were both in Hong Kong, Singapore or the UK. The father’s current
employment and residence here are essentially the only connecting factors to
Singapore.

The children

13 Both children are Hong Kong citizens who were born and raised there. The
elder daughter, who is 23 years old, left Hong Kong in 2005 to attend boarding
school in the UK and is reading for a degree in architecture at a London
university.[note: 14] The mother pays for the daughter’s tuition and expenses,
but received sporadic payments from the father for that purpose.[note: 15] The
mother bought an apartment in London in 2013 for the daughter to stay.

14 R has lived in Hong Kong his entire life. He was diagnosed with autism and
later with obsessive compulsive disorder. The mother says he is unable to look
after himself and is also difficult to look after.[note: 16] He is non-verbal,
excitable, easily distracted, and prone to outbursts on occasion. He is on
medication and has to attend treatment and therapy sessions with psychiatrists
and speech therapists. The mother is currently maintaining three household
helpers, including a driver, as this is necessitated by R’s condition.[note:
17] She claims his condition caused six previous household helpers to resign
in less than one year.

The maintenance application

15 The mother claims she applied for maintenance in Singapore only in February
2015 when she began to face financial difficulty having been unemployed since
February 2014. She has “resorted to borrowing from various banks”[note: 18] to
tide herself and R over. She is “amassing a huge debt”[note: 19] to pay for
the son’s living expenses, and needs financial assistance from the father. Her
affidavit suggests this is the first maintenance application she has
made.[note: 20] This contrasts with the father’s position that she had made
two such applications in Hong Kong in 1995 and 1996, but allowed both to
lapse.[note: 21]

16 The mother claims she receives funds on an _ad hoc_ basis from the father
and had received some funds between February and June 2014.[note: 22] It
appears that until as recently as June 2014, the father would have been
willing to continue to provide funds for the family but only on condition that
the mother signed an agreement not to disclose his payments for the purpose of
legal proceedings or to third parties.[note: 23] The mother refused to do so.

The law

17 The applicable principles as set out by the House of Lords in the
_Spiliada_ , have been accepted by the Singapore Court of Appeal (see
_Rickshaw Investments Ltd and another v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1
SLR(R) 377 at [12]–[15]). The test is the practical outworking of a singular
unifying principle, that is, the identification of the court which should
adjudicate the dispute most suitably for the “interest[s] of the parties and
the ends of justice”: _PT Hutan Domas Raya v Yue Xiu Enterprises (Holdings)
Ltd and another_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 104 at [17].

18 The first stage is identification of the most appropriate forum for the
trial of the action. The onus is on the defendant to establish that there is a
clearly more appropriate forum than Singapore. If the defendant succeeds, then
a stay will ordinarily be granted. At the second stage, the plaintiff may
persuade the court to refuse to grant the stay if the plaintiff can establish
that he will be denied of substantial justice if he is forced to pursue his
claim in the more appropriate foreign court.

19 The _Spiliada_ principles have been applied to matrimonial proceedings (see
_Sanjeev Sharma s/o Shri Sarvjeet Sharma v Surbhi Ahuja d/o Sh Virendra Kumar
Ahuja_ [2015] 3 SLR 1056 at [12]) and applications relating to children or
maintenance (see _TDX v TDY_ [2015] 4 SLR 982 (“ _TDX v TDY_ ”) at [14]; _BDA
v BDB_ [2013] 1 SLR 607 (“ _BDA v BDB_ ”) at [21]). These cases involved
situations with parallel proceedings in Singapore and a foreign forum.

Whether Hong Kong is not an available forum within the meaning of the
_Spiliada_ test

20 The legal opinion of the mother’s Hong Kong solicitors have been outlined
at [3] above. The father does not dispute that the courts in Hong Kong do not
have jurisdiction to hear a maintenance application if the application is
filed after a child born out of wedlock reaches the age of 18 years. He was
offered (by the learned district judge), but declined the opportunity to seek
his own legal opinion. The mother argues Hong Kong is not an available forum
because she had “not commenced any maintenance application in Hong Kong, and
there is no possibility of the Mother commencing maintenance proceedings in
Hong Kong now”.[note: 24]

21 The question of when a foreign court is available in such circumstances has
been given only cursory treatment in the literature and case law. A foreign
court will be available if it has “competent jurisdiction” (see J J Fawcett
and J M Carruthers, _Cheshire, North & Fawcett’s Private International Law_
(Oxford University Press, 14th Ed, 2008) at p 429) or “it is open to the
plaintiff to institute proceedings as of right in that forum” (see _Hindocha
and ors v Gheewala and ors_ [2004] 1 CLC 502 at [22] _per_ Lord Walker of
Gestingthorpe). The question of whether a foreign court is an available forum
must be approached in a “practical manner”: _Lubbe and others v Cape plc_
[2000] 1 WLR 1545 (“ _Lubbe v Cape_ ”) at 1564E _per_ Lord Hope of Craighead.
Thus in _Lubbe v Cape_ , a defendant’s undertaking to submit to the
jurisdiction of a foreign court was sufficient to establish that the forum was
available even though the defendant was otherwise not subject to the _in
personam_ jurisdiction of the foreign court.

22 The legal opinion of the mother’s Hong Kong solicitors does not elaborate
on the context in advising that the Hong Kong court “does not have
jurisdiction” to entertain a maintenance application. The precise meaning the
word “jurisdiction” bears when it is used in the common law tradition is
elusive. Lord Bridge of Harwich said in _In re McC (A minor)_ [1985] 1 AC 528
(at 536B–536C) that:

There are many words in common usage in the law which have no precise or
constant meaning. But few, I think, have been used with so many different
shades of meaning in the different contexts or have so freely acquired new
meanings with the development of the law as the word jurisdiction.

23 The mother’s argument[note: 25] confuses the absence of jurisdiction, which
renders a forum unavailable with the unavailability of relief under the law
that will be applied by that forum. The latter situation does not render a
forum unavailable, but rather, is a factor more properly considered in the
second stage of the _Spiliada_ analysis.

24 R, a citizen of, resident and present in Hong Kong remains subject to a
Hong Kong court’s jurisdiction. That the mother can no longer apply for his
maintenance is a matter going to the Hong Kong court’s power. There is no need
to go into the technical meanings of “jurisdiction”. Instead, adopting the
practical approach taken by the authorities at [21] above, my view is that
Hong Kong _is_ an available forum. This case is akin to cases, where a
plaintiff’s claim is time-barred in a foreign court, or where a remedy that a
plaintiff is seeking is unavailable in the foreign court. Such situations have
traditionally been analysed within the second stage, and not on the basis that
the foreign court was unavailable, which would foreclose the _Spiliada_
inquiry altogether.

25 In _Petroleo Brasiliero SA v Mellitus Shipping Inc and ors_ [2001] CLC 1151
(“ _Petroleo Brasiliero_ ”), a time-charterer, Fortum, brought Part 20
proceedings (the English equivalent of third-party proceedings) against a
shipper, who sought to set aside service out of jurisdiction for _forum non
conveniens_. It was argued before the English Court of Appeal that Saudi
Arabia was a clearly more appropriate forum than England. It was common ground
that Fortum’s claim would fail in Saudi Arabia because Saudi Arabia did not
recognise a claim for contribution. Potter LJ, with whom Jonathan Parker and
Sedley LJJ agreed, stated in no uncertain terms that the absence of a good
claim in Saudi Arabia did not make it an unavailable forum (see _Petroleo
Brasiliero_ at [35]):

35\. **It is of course the case that, in principle, Saudi Arabia is an
‘available forum’ in the**** _Spiliada_****sense, in that there is no physical
or administrative barrier to Fortum seeking to take proceedings there, but it
is common ground that there would be no point whatever in Fortum doing so,
since the remedy it seeks is not available.** It is also correct, as made
clear by Mustill LJ in a different context in _The Eras EIL Actions_ at p.610,
that in a case where the parties between whom a contribution is sought have
expressly chosen a foreign substantive or procedural law applicable to all
disputes between them, the fact that that law does not include a right to
contribution will not be sufficient to persuade the court that the foreign
party from whom contribution is claimed should be joined in proceedings in
England. …

[emphasis added in bold]

26 In the same vein, Lord Goff of Chieveley in the _Spiliada_ thought a
plaintiff’s claim being time-barred in a foreign forum was a matter to be
determined in the second stage of the _Spiliada_ analysis. He did not consider
it as affecting the availability of the foreign court.

27 _Baridhi Shipping Lines Ltd and another v Sea Consortium Pte Ltd and
another_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 269 (“ _Baridhi Shipping_ ”) is an example where the
Singapore court held that a foreign court, which declined jurisdiction, was an
available forum. Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then was) had stayed a defamation
action in Singapore on the ground that Bangladesh was a clearly more
appropriate forum. The Bangladesh court, however, declined jurisdiction,
stating that the plaintiff should have proceeded in Singapore. Lee JC, in
dealing with the plaintiff’s application to lift the stay of proceedings, said
“[t]he burden rests on the defendants to show that Bangladesh is the more
appropriate forum ... [o]n the evidence before me, they have clearly not done
so”: _Baridhi Shipping_ at [15]. Lee JC’s statement on the defendant’s failure
to show that Bangladesh was the more appropriate forum appears to have rested
on the basis that it was then still an available forum.

28 The approach I have taken is also consistent with that expressed in _Dicey,
Morris and Collins on the Conflict of Laws_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed,
2015) (gen ed Lord Collins of Mapesbury) (“ _Dicey, Morris and Collins_ ”) at
para 12-032, and by Professor Yeo Tiong Min in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_
vol 6(2) (LexisNexis, 2013 Reissue) (“ _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ”) at p
80:

A third difficulty is _whether the plaintiff who has no claim no remedy or
would face a complete defence, under the choice of law rules applied by the
foreign court, has an ‘alternative’ forum to resort to_. It is clear that if
the plaintiff’s claim is time-barred under the law applied by the foreign
court, the foreign court nevertheless remains an alternative forum, and the
issue of time-bar is considered under the question of substantial justice. It
[is] also clear that the natural forum principle is premised on justice to
_both_ parties, and should not favour either party to the litigation. _These
principles imply that the answer to the question posed is that the plaintiff
does have an alternative forum, and that these factors should be considered
under the question of substantial justice_. [emphasis added]

I respectfully agree with Professor Yeo’s analysis. I therefore reject the
mother’s argument that Hong Kong is not an available forum within the first
stage of the _Spiliada_ analysis.

Whether Hong Kong is clearly more appropriate than Singapore for the trial of
the action

29 At the first stage, where the court determines the forum with which the
dispute has the most real and substantial connection, factors of convenience
and expense are involved. It is relevant to consider Lord Goff’s statements in
the _Spiliada_ (at 477F–478B):

... Since the question is whether there exists some other forum which is
clearly more appropriate for the trial of the action, the court will look
first to see what factors there are which point in the direction of another
forum. These are the factors, which Lord Diplock described in _MacShannon_ ’s
case [1978] A.C. 795, 812, as indicating that justice can be done in the other
forum at “substantially less inconvenience or expense.” Having regard to the
anxiety expressed in your Lordships’ House in the _Société du Gaz_ case, 1926
S. C. (H.L.) 13 concerning the use of the word ‘convenience’ in this context,
I respectfully consider that it may be more desirable, now that the English
and Scottish principles are regarded as being the same, to adopt the
expression used by my noble and learned friend, Lord Keith of Kinkel, in _The
Abidin Daver_ [1984] A.C. 398, 415, when he referred to the “natural forum” as
being “that with which the action had the most real and substantial
connection.” So it is for connecting factors in this sense that the court must
first look; and these will include not only factors affecting convenience and
expense (such as availability of witnesses), but also other factors, such as
the law governing the relevant transaction (as to which see _Credit Chimique v
James Scott Engineering Group Ltd._ , 1982 S.L.T. 131), and the places where
the parties respectively reside or carry on business.

30 In a family case with international elements, a forum court first
determines which court is the most appropriate to deal with the matter. In
_TDX v TDY_ , a wife applied for custody, care and control of the child of the
marriage under s 3 of the Guardianship of Infants Act. The husband applied to
stay the wife’s application in Singapore on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_. Divorce proceedings were already afoot in Hong Kong, and the
husband argued Hong Kong was clearly more appropriate than Singapore. The
husband appealed the district judge’s decision refusing to stay the Singapore
proceedings.

31 Debbie Ong JC allowed the appeal and granted the stay. Her discussion of
the interaction between the _Spiliada_ principles and the welfare principle,
which has been described as the “golden thread” in proceedings affecting the
interests of children (see _BNT v BNS_ [2015] 3 SLR 973 at [19]), is
instructive. Ong JC said it was not inconsistent with the welfare principle to
“allow a court with substantial connection to the dispute to determine the
matter”: _TDX v TDY_ at [13]. The proper approach was not for the forum court
to assess what the welfare of the child required, but to determine _which
court_ was more appropriate to determine the welfare of the child (at
[20]–[22]):

20 ... In my view, the District Judge focused too heavily on the factors
relating to the child’s welfare in the domestic sense and did not give
sufficient consideration to the other factors which are in fact highly
relevant in a case involving international elements and _forum non
conveniens_. ... This is an application for a stay of proceedings. The welfare
principle remains paramount but the court must properly apply the doctrine of
_forum non conveniens_ in this case and decide if Singapore is the more
appropriate forum to decide the matter before going on to make fresh orders on
its merits.

21 I find the exposition made by Lord Donaldson of Lymington MR in _Re F (A
Minor) (Abduction: Custody Rights)_ [1991] Fam 25 helpful in explaining this
(at 31):

The welfare of the child is indeed the paramount consideration, but it has to
be considered in two different contexts. The first is the context of which
court shall decide what the child’s best interests require. The second
context, which only arises if it has first been decided that the welfare of
the child requires that the English rather than a foreign court shall decide
what are the requirements of the child, is what orders as to custody care and
control and so on should be made.

22 It is only in Lord Donaldson’s _second context_ – after the court has
decided that Singapore is the more appropriate forum to decide the matter –
that it may make orders upon a fresh determination on the merits. ...

[emphasis in orginal]

Ong JC thought Hong Kong, where the child was habitually resident, was clearly
more appropriate (see _TDX v TDY_ at [51]). Hong Kong, the “seat” of the
parties’ relationship, was where the husband and wife met, had an intimate
relationship, and had a child (see _TDX v TDY_ at [55]).

32 The mother has not advanced any arguments why Hong Kong is _not_ clearly
more appropriate than Singapore beyond saying she is not able to apply for R’s
maintenance in Hong Kong. She makes extensive reference to _BDA v BDB_ , where
Chao Hick Tin JA refused to grant a stay of a wife’s maintenance application
against her husband under s 69 of the Women’s Charter because the defendant
had not shown that India was a clearly more appropriate forum than Singapore.

33 In _BDA v BDB_ , the parties were Indian nationals, who married in India
and moved to live in Singapore. The son was born in Singapore. When the
relationship broke down, the wife returned to India with the son, after having
been in Singapore for almost three years. The husband continued to live and
work in Singapore. After the wife applied for maintenance in Singapore, the
husband filed for divorce in India one or two months later. He argued that the
wife’s maintenance application should be stayed in favour of the Indian
proceedings.

34 Chao JA refused the stay. He held that the proceedings in India and
Singapore were each distinct and did not cover the same ground. If the husband
were to succeed in his divorce petition, the marriage would end and the wife
would be entitled to apply for post-divorce maintenance. The wife’s
maintenance application under s 69 of the Women’s Charter, however, was
premised on the subsistence of the marriage. While an Indian court would have
been better placed to determine the cost of living of the wife and son in
India, the wife’s maintenance application would also involve determining “the
standard of living enjoyed by the Wife and the son _before_ the Husband’s
neglect or refusal to maintain them” [emphasis in original]: _BDA v BDB_ at
[33]. That, a Singapore court would be better placed to do, because the
parties were then living in Singapore: _BDA v BDB_ at [32]. He accepted that
the wife intended to return to live in Singapore. Moreover, the husband’s
income was derived from his work in Singapore and he maintained bank accounts
in Singapore. Chao JA concluded India was not clearly more appropriate than
Singapore for the determination of the maintenance application.

35 The case before me is very different from _BDA v BDB_. Almost all the
connecting factors point to Hong Kong. Apart from the factors outlined
earlier, the Hong Kong courts will be better placed to determine a reasonable
amount of maintenance for R that is appropriate to Hong Kong’s socio-economic
context. R has been issued with a Hong Kong government card for disabled
persons, which the father says confers on R benefits and privileges that are
in his best interests[note: 26]. The mother has also said she cannot afford to
and is unable to travel to Singapore to give evidence because she needs to
take care of R.[note: 27]

36 Hong Kong is clearly more appropriate than Singapore for the determination
of the mother’s maintenance application for the son. A _prima facie_ case for
a stay of the maintenance application in Singapore therefore arises.

Whether a stay should in any event be refused to prevent the denial of
substantial justice

37 At the second stage, the court assesses whether there will be a denial of
substantial justice if the proceedings are stayed. The learned district
judge’s decision to refuse the stay has been outlined at [5] above.

38 The mother argues there are “special circumstances” for refusal of a
stay.[note: 28] Her arguments appear to centre on the paramountcy of the
welfare of the child[note: 29] and the father’s failure to take responsibility
for R.[note: 30] The father argues that there would be “fundamental injustice”
to him if there is no stay, because the court will “unilaterally alter the
rights and obligations of Hong Kong nationals who are rightly under the
protection of its laws”.[note: 31]

39 In my view, there is no denial of substantial justice to parties if the
application in Singapore is stayed. That the mother is not likely to be
successful in applying for maintenance for R in Hong Kong does justify a
refusal to stay the maintenance application in Singapore.

40 The following five cases illustrate how the courts considered whether there
would be a denial of substantial justice if a plaintiff had to pursue
proceedings in a more appropriate foreign court where: (a) the plaintiff’s
claim would have been time-barred; (b) the plaintiff would have been limited
to a less favourable remedy; or (c) the defendant would have had a good and
complete defence to the plaintiff’s claim. Whilst these cases all arose in a
commercial context, and are not entirely on point, they are nonetheless
instructive in their approach to the question of denial of substantial
justice. Each case is, of course, context and fact specific.

The authorities

41 The first case is the _Spiliada_ , where Lord Goff discussed the issue of
achieving practical justice, where a plaintiff’s claim would be time-barred in
a clearly more appropriate foreign forum. He emphasised that a plaintiff who
_acted reasonably_ should be entitled to take advantage of a more generous
time bar in England even though a time bar in a clearly more appropriate forum
would defeat his claim (at 483F–484A):

... Now, to take some extreme examples, suppose that the plaintiff allowed the
limitation period to elapse in the appropriate jurisdiction, and came here
simply because he wanted to take advantage of a more generous time bar
applicable in this country; or suppose that it was obvious that the plaintiff
should have commenced proceedings in the appropriate jurisdiction, and yet he
did not trouble to issue a protective writ there; in cases such as these, I
cannot see that the court should hesitate to stay the proceedings in this
country, even though the effect would be that the plaintiff’s claim would
inevitably be defeated by a plea of the time bar in the appropriate
jurisdiction. Indeed a strong theoretical argument can be advanced for the
proposition that, if there is another clearly more appropriate forum for the
trial of the action, a stay should generally be granted even though the
plaintiff’s action would be time barred there. _But, in my opinion, this is a
case where practical justice should be done. And practical justice demands
that, if the court considers that the plaintiff acted reasonably in commencing
proceedings in this country, and that, although it appears that (putting on
one side the time bar point) the appropriate forum for the trial of the action
is elsewhere than England, the plaintiff did not act unreasonably in failing
to commence proceedings (for example, by issuing a protective writ) in that
jurisdiction within the limitation period applicable there, it would not, I
think, be just to deprive the plaintiff of the benefit of having started
proceedings within the limitation period applicable in this country_. ...
[emphasis added]

Although there are questions as to whether Lord Goff’s statement is readily
reconcilable with the doctrine of the natural forum as a matter of principle
(see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at p 95; _Lewis v King_ [2004] EWCA Civ
1329 at [38]), this _dictum_ has nonetheless received widespread acceptance
both in Singapore (see _Brinkerhoff Maritime Drilling Corp v PT Airfast
Services Indonesia_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 345 at [38]–[39]) and abroad.

42 A time bar situation (see the _Spiliada_ at 484D–484E) may be overcome by a
defendant providing an undertaking not to rely on the time bar. This is not
open to the father in this case. The power of the Hong Kong court to award
child maintenance under the HK Guardianship of Minors Ordinance appears to be
restricted to applications made before a child reaches 18 years of age. There
is also the issue of whether the mother acted reasonably in not filing any
maintenance action in Hong Kong at all.

43 The second case is _Herceg Novi (Owners) v Ming Galaxy (Owners)_ [1998] CLC
1487 (“ _Herceg Novi v Ming Galaxy_ ”), a decision of the English Court of
Appeal. The _Herceg Novi_ collided with the _Ming Galaxy_ and sank off the
coast of Singapore. Her owners (“the _Herceg_ owners”) commenced proceedings
in the English High Court against the owners of the _Ming Galaxy_ , who
applied for a stay of the English proceedings in favour of Singapore on the
ground of _forum non conveniens_. The limit of the _Ming Galaxy_ ’s liability
in England (under the applicable English legislation giving effect to the 1976
Convention on Limitation for Maritime Claims (“the 1976 Convention”)) was
about $5.8m, while the limit in Singapore (under the applicable Singapore
legislation giving effect to the 1957 Convention on Limitation for Maritime
Claims (“the 1957 Convention”)) was only $2.9m. It was not in dispute that
Singapore was a clearly more appropriate forum than England. The _Herceg_
owners argued that the stay of English proceedings in favour of Singapore
should have been be refused because they would be denied substantial justice
in Singapore, where the limit on the amount recoverable was lower. Clark J in
the English High Court refused to stay the English proceedings.

44 The English Court of Appeal allowed the appeal. Sir Christopher Staughton,
who delivered the judgment of the court, said the _Herceg_ owners would not be
denied substantial justice in Singapore, principally for three reasons.

(a) First, the 1976 Convention had not received universal acceptance and was
not “an internationally sanctioned and objective view of where substantial
justice is now viewed as lying”.

(b) Second, to find otherwise “would be to deprive sovereign states to a large
extent of their right” to choose which regime to adopt. If jurisdiction could
be obtained by arresting a ship in a 1976 Convention country, and the action
could proceed despite there being a more appropriate forum where the 1957
Convention prevailed, the 1957 Convention country would be “left with no
effective use for its own law”.

(c) Third, it was impossible to say that substantial justice was not available
in Singapore because there was “a significant body of agreement among
civilised nations with the law [in the form of the 1957 Convention] as it is
there administered”.

45 Sir Christopher concluded that it was not open to the English court to
decide whether English law was better than Singapore law (at 1494):

[I]n terms of abstract justice, neither convention is objectively more just
than the other. Our task is not to decide whether our law is better than the
law of Singapore. It is to decide whether substantial justice will be done in
Singapore. In our view it will be. This appeal should be allowed, and an
unconditional stay of the English action granted.

46 In the Singapore counterpart to the English decision, _The Owners of the
Ship or Vessel Ming Galaxy v The Owners of the Ship or Vessel or Property
Herceg Novi_ [1998] SGHC 303, the _Herceg_ owners sought to persuade the
Singapore High Court to grant a stay in favour of proceedings in England. They
argued there would be denied substantial justice in Singapore because of the
lower limit on the sums recoverable.

47 The _Herceg_ owners’ argument was rejected by G P Selvam J, who said the
denial of substantial justice could not be shown just by weighing the justice
of another system of law with that of the system of law in Singapore:

The true meaning and effect of the [_Herceg_ owners’] submission based on the
question of substantial justice is that something is lacking in the system of
justice of Singapore as regards limitation of liability. I am not aware of a
decision anywhere whereby a court has stayed an action legitimately brought
before it on the ground that there is something wanting in its system of
justice and that better justice will be done in another jurisdiction. For my
part it would be wrong in principle to do so because I cannot accept that the
law of Singapore is unjust to either party. ...

48 The fourth case is _The “Reecon Wolf”_ [2012] 2 SLR 289, where the tables
were turned from the two cases above involving the _Herceg Novi_. The
plaintiff brought a collision claim in Singapore, which by then, had
legislation to effect the 1976 Convention. The defendant wanted the dispute to
be resolved in Malaysia, which applied the lower limitation of liability in
the 1957 Convention. Belinda Ang Saw Ean J held that Malaysia was the more
appropriate forum. She, like the English Court of Appeal in _Herceg Novi v
Ming Galaxy_ , was not persuaded there would be a denial of substantial
justice in Malaysia just because of the lower limitation of liability in force
there. Ang J said (at [54]–[55]):

54 Mr Seow was unable to point to any personal or juridical advantage in which
the plaintiff would be deprived of if this court granted a stay of the
Singapore Action. In written submissions, Mr Seow argued that the dichotomy
between the two limitation regimes would leave the plaintiff disadvantaged if
the Singapore Action was stayed for Malaysia’s domestic law gave effect to the
1957 Convention. In other words, the plaintiff’s claim would be subject to the
lower 1957 limits of liability. This line of argument would invariably draw
this court to make comparisons between the merit of the statutory limits in
Singapore and Malaysian [_sic_]. I cannot be drawn into making comparisons
between the laws of this country and that of another friendly state to do
justice in such cases.

55 Second, the fact that the law in the alternative forum may be less
favourable to the plaintiff does not necessarily justify a dismissal of the
stay application on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. As stated, the
existence of different limitation regimes is not considered a personal or
juridical advantage under Stage 2.

She therefore allowed the defendant’s application and granted the stay.

49 These three cases have dealt with the situation where the amount of relief
obtainable in the foreign court would have been lower than in the forum court.
The last case, _Garsec v His Majesty The Sultan of Brunei_ [2007] NSWSC 882,
is one where the foreign court potentially would not have recognised the
plaintiff’s claim _at all_. The plaintiff, an Australian corporation,
commenced action against the Sultan of Brunei in the New South Wales Supreme
Court relating for breach of an alleged agreement for the sale of a rare item.
The Sultan applied for a stay of proceedings on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_. The plaintiff argued the New South Wales court was not clearly
inappropriate. They would be denied substantial justice if the action was
tried in Brunei because under the Brunei Constitution, the Sultan enjoyed
complete immunity from suit.

50 Two questions were raised. The first was whether those provisions of the
Brunei Constitution were to be characterised as substantive or procedural
based on New South Wales conflict of laws principles. If they were
substantive, a New South Wales court hearing the case would recognise the
Sultan’s immunity from suit if Brunei law was determined to be the proper law.
The Sultan’s defence of immunity from suit would prevail whether the case was
heard in Brunei or New South Wales. If the provisions were procedural, the
Sultan would not have immunity from suit in proceedings before a New South
Wales court (because it would not apply the Brunei court’s procedure). The
plaintiff would thus have an advantage proceeding in New South Wales rather
than Brunei.

51 McDougall J held that the proper law was Brunei law and characterised the
provisions of the Brunei Constitution as substantive. There would be no
difference to the outcome whether the action proceeded in Brunei or New South
Wales as both courts would have accorded the Sultan immunity from suit.
McDougall J nonetheless went on to consider the position if the provisions of
the Brunei Constitution were characterised as procedural. He would still (at
[129]) have granted the stay because the advantage to the plaintiff in
bringing the action in New South Wales was merely the obverse side of the coin
of the defendant’s disadvantage:

… I have also concluded that the law of Brunei is the proper law of the
alleged contract and the law applicable to the alleged tort. Thus, if the
proceedings were heard in this Court, the substantive law of Brunei including
those immunities (to the extent that they might be found to be applicable)
would be applied. On that basis, the legitimate juridical advantage for which
[the plaintiff] contends would disappear. On the other hand, if I am wrong, in
both assumptions, then this Court might not have given the Sultan the benefit
of the immunities. For the reasons that I have given in para [73] above, that
in itself would be would be oppressive. In other words, the counterpart of
[the plaintiff’s] legitimate juridical advantage is an equivalent juridical
disadvantage to the Sultan ... In those circumstances, I do not think that the
alleged legitimate juridical advantage should be regarded as dispositive.

52 McDougall J’s refusal to grant the stay was upheld on appeal: _Garsec Pty
Ltd v His Majesty The Sultan of Brunei and another_ (2008) 250 ALR 682. This
case is cited by _Dicey, Morris and Collins_ at para 12-038 as authority for
the proposition that:

... [I]f the claimant argues that he will win if permitted to sue in England,
but will lose if compelled to sue in the foreign court, there is no
justification for a presumption that a claimant is entitled to win or that a
defendant must be found to be liable. ...

53 I am aware that Australia adopts a different standard for stay applications
on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. The person seeking the stay must show
that the Australian court is “clearly inappropriate”, rather than that there
is another clearly more appropriate forum. This difference however does not
detract from the need to ascertain whether there is denial of substantial
justice or substantial justice is achieved in a situation where a plaintiff’s
claim would be precluded or met with a good defence in a clearly a more
appropriate forum.

My reasons

54 In these five commercial cases, parties must expect exposure to multiple
systems of law as part and parcel of operations across borders. Even then, the
courts are slow to find there will be denial of substantial justice if a
foreign court applies a law unfavourable to a plaintiff. This philosophy
applies more so to the case before me, where Hong Kong is the only
jurisdiction with which the parent-child relationship has a connection. There
will be no denial of substantial justice if the proceedings in Singapore are
stayed, for three reasons.

55 First, it was not reasonable for the mother to delay and fail to pursue
maintenance in Hong Kong before R reached 18 years of age. R’s autism had
manifested shortly after birth although his obsessive compulsive disorder came
later. The costs for his special care would have been apparent. It would also
have been plain to the mother that she was drawing closer to the horizon of
her employability and she had to urgently review her longer-term financial
situation to see if she should apply for R’s maintenance in Hong Kong. Apart
from saying that she was busy with work and losing her job in February 2014
(after R became 18 years of age on 17 March 2012), she has not explained why
she did not pursue maintenance for R in a Hong Kong court.

56 The mother had held high-paying positions at Hong Kong investment banks and
appears capable. She was advised on maintenance by Hong Kong solicitors in
1995. There were detailed proposals supported by spreadsheets, exchanged
between the parents’ solicitors on financial arrangements. For example, there
was a letter of 27 March 1995 from the father’s solicitors to the mother’s
solicitors,[note: 32] to which the mother’s solicitors responded on 30 June
1995 seeking maintenance for the children “which totals HK$77,497.67 on a
monthly basis to be shared between [the father and mother]”.[note: 33] It
appears no agreement was reached as the mother did not respond to the father’s
proposal. It was not reasonable for the mother to have waited _until_ February
2015 to take up an application for maintenance, some two decades after having
instructed counsel in Hong Kong on this same issue in 1995. The age of
majority in Hong Kong was lowered from age 21 years to age 18 years in June
1997.

57 Second, allowing the proceedings to continue in Singapore would be unfair
to the father. The laws of Hong Kong provide the reference point for parties
to arrange their affairs. The father should be entitled to expect that his
obligations to R should be determined by the laws of Hong Kong. The “seat” of
the relationship in this case is Hong Kong (see _TDX v TDY_ at [55]). The
father and mother had an intimate relationship in Hong Kong and R a Hong Kong
citizen, was born and raised in Hong Kong, where he lived with the mother all
their lives, subject to the protection of the laws of Hong Kong. It would not
be conducive to the interests of justice or achieve practical justice as
between the father and mother for the case to be heard before a Singapore
court (which both parties have assumed will apply Singapore law). To allow the
laws of Singapore to intrude into and augment the father’s obligations based
solely on the arbitrary fact of his residence and employment here would, in my
view, not achieve substantial justice between parties.

58 Third, the mother’s argument, reduced to its core, is that as the interests
of a child is paramount, it is only fair she should be entitled to pursue her
claim for maintenance for R in Singapore as she is out of time in Hong Kong. I
reject this argument because it rests on an impermissible premise that
requires the court to weigh the quality of justice or the justice of the
systems of law available under the Singapore and Hong Kong family justice
regimes.

59 There is no suggestion that the family justice regime in Hong Kong is
lacking. The different age-limits for applications for maintenance of children
born out of wedlock in Hong Kong and Singapore reflect different legislative
responses. This is exemplified by Hong Kong’s move in 1997 to _reduce_ the age
of majority from 21 to 18 years with the enactment of the Hong Kong Age of
Majority (Related Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter 410). The age of majority in
a jurisdiction involves questions of social policy that cannot be divorced
from the social, economic and cultural context as manifested in the broader
social and legal support systems for families. This would include provisions
in a family justice regime relating to children or special needs persons.

60 Weighing the quality of justice available under these differing legislative
responses undermines international comity. Its importance was underscored by
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC (as he then was) in _Q & M Enterprises Sdn Bhd v
Poh Kiat_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 494 where he said (at [25]):

25 The importance of international comity cannot be underestimated. The
domestic courts of each country must constantly remind themselves of this
point – if nothing else, because of the natural tendency towards favouring
domestic law over foreign law. In days of yore, the domestic legal system was
probably the main – if not sole – focus simply because in those days,
jurisdictions on the whole were less interconnected. So it is understandable
if the focus was on the domestic law, simply because the law of foreign
jurisdictions was, in the nature of things then, rarely raised. This is no
longer the case. Nevertheless, it ought to be emphasised that the signal
importance of the domestic legal system cannot be gainsaid either. Extreme
positions on either side of the legal spectrum ought to be avoided. For
example, international comity ought _not_ to be accorded if to do so would
offend the public policy of the domestic legal system (here, of Singapore).
However, that having been said, legal parochialism must also be eschewed. Such
tunnel vision is, as I have mentioned, no longer an option. It will only cause
the legal system adopting such a limited vision to atrophy, even in the
medium-term, not to mention the long-term. This will, of course, have
detrimental effects on the broader social structures, of which the law is an
integral part. [emphasis in original]

This passage was cited with approval by the Court of Appeal in _Good Earth
Agricultural Co Ltd v Novus International Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 711 at
[28].

61 The mother’s argument that the paramountcy of R’s welfare requires the
Singapore court to hear the mother’s maintenance application, because a Hong
Kong court would not be able to grant maintenance, is a non-starter. In _TDX v
TDY_ (quoted at [31] above), Ong JC said the welfare principle is paramount
but it must be assessed through the lens of the _forum non conveniens_
doctrine. In this context, the question always is which forum is _best placed_
to determine the welfare of the child. The question is _not_ which forum will
provide the child the greatest measure of welfare. A Singapore court does not
weigh the outcome of the system of justice in the foreign jurisdiction with
that in Singapore.

62 The present application is not about _whether_ the mother will be able to
bear the burden of R’s upbringing without the help of the father, but rather,
which system of law should govern their rights and obligations in relation to
R. This is, at its heart, a tussle between the father and mother over whom
should bear the expenses of R’s upbringing; it is not over what the welfare of
the child requires. In any case, the evidence before me does not suggest the
mother would not be able to raise R without support from the father. On the
contrary, as outlined earlier, it suggests she is a capable woman of some
means.

Conclusion

63 Hong Kong is the more appropriate forum to determine the issue of
maintenance for R. The mother and R will not be denied substantial justice if
the proceedings in Singapore are stayed. I therefore allow the appeal and
grant an unconditional stay of the mother’s maintenance application in
Singapore.

64 I conclude with an observation. Section 5 of the Guardianship of Infants
Act provides only for the maintenance of an infant (_ie_ , a child, who is
less than 21 years old). Although the mother filed her application one month
before R became 21 years old, he is now an adult. Section 5 of the
Guardianship of Infants Act does not empower a court to make an order for
maintenance of a child beyond the age of 21. This is in contrast to s 12A of
the HK Guardianship of Minors Ordinance and s 69 of the Women’s Charter, both
of which allow a court to make orders for maintenance of a child beyond the
age of 18 years (Hong Kong) and 21 years (Singapore).

65 Simply put, the court is no longer empowered to order maintenance in favour
of R under s 5 of the Guardianship of Infants Act since he is now above the
age of 21. The mother appears to have deliberately chosen to apply for
maintenance under the Guardianship of Infants Act _instead_ of the Women’s
Charter after consideration of both provisions. Section 69 of the Women’s
Charter permits maintenance of a child to continue after the age of 21 in
specified circumstances, and also allows such an application to be made even
after the child has reached that age.

* * *

[note: 1]ROA vol 1 at p 236; ROA vol 2 at p 339.

[note: 2]ROA vol 1 at p 208, para 25.

[note: 3]ROA vol 1 at p 207, para 23.

[note: 4]ROA vol 1 at p 197, para 11.

[note: 5]ROA vol 1 at pp 25–26, paras 23–24.

[note: 6]ROA vol 2 at p 251, para 25.

[note: 7]ROA vol 1 at p 69.

[note: 8]ROA vol 2 at p 354, para 33.

[note: 9]ROA vol 2 at pp 351–353, paras 27–31.

[note: 10]ROA vol 1 at p 20, para 6.

[note: 11]ROA vol 1 at p 20, para 6.

[note: 12]ROA vol 2 at p 315.

[note: 13]ROA vol 2 at pp 315–335.

[note: 14]ROA vol 1 at p 28, para 30.

[note: 15]ROA vol 1 at p 28, para 31; ROA vol 1 at p 209, para 31.

[note: 16]ROA vol 1 at pp 22–25, paras 10–19.

[note: 17]ROA vol 1 at p 23, paras 13 and 14.

[note: 18]ROA vol 1 at p 26, para 25.

[note: 19]ROA vol 1 at p 26, para 26.

[note: 20]ROA vol 1 at p 29, para 32.

[note: 21]ROA vol 1 at p 210, para 35.

[note: 22]ROA vol 1 at pp 29–30, paras 34–36.

[note: 23]ROA vol 1 at p 109.

[note: 24]Mother’s submissions at para 17.

[note: 25]Mother’s submissions at para 20.

[note: 26]ROA vol 1 at p 199, para 18.

[note: 27]ROA vol 2 at p 263, para 8.

[note: 28]Mother’s submissions at para 28.

[note: 29]Mother’s submissions at paras 29–38.

[note: 30]Mother’s submissions at paras 41–42.

[note: 31]Father’s submissions at para 29.

[note: 32]ROA vol 1 at pp 315–316.

[note: 33]ROA vol 2 at pp 319–321.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Oct 2015 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

