Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2015] SGHC 165

Criminal Case No 28 of 2015

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Chang Kar Meng  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Property] — [Robbery]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Chang Kar Meng

[2015] SGHC 165

High Court — Criminal Case No 28 of 2015  
Tay Yong Kwang J  
28 May 2015

25 June 2015

Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The accused is a male Malaysian born on 30 January 1988. He pleaded guilty
to the following two charges (with the female victim’s name and particulars
redacted):

That you, CHANG KAR MENG,

1ST CHARGE

on the 8th day of March 2013, at or about 1.30a.m., at the grass patch in the
vicinity of Blk [X] Paya Lebar Way, Singapore, did penetrate with your penis,
the vagina of one [V], female / 33 years old (D.O.B: [X] [X] 1980), without
her consent, and you have thereby committed an offence under s 375(1)(a) of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

2ND CHARGE

on the 8th day of March 2013, at or about 1.30a.m., at the ground floor lift
landing of Blk [X] Paya Lebar Way, Singapore, did commit robbery of the
following items:

1) one gold necklace with a jade pendant valued at approximately S$760;

2) one Samsung Galaxy S3 mobile phone valued at approximately S$500;

3) cash amounting to approximately S$300;

4) one silver ring valued at approximately S$250;

5) one brown sling bag valued at approximately S$100;

6) one red Casio watch valued at approximately S$90;

7) one pair of gold earrings valued at approximately S$70;

8) one brown ‘Toscano’ purse valued at approximately S$60;

9) one pair of spectacles valued at approximately S$60;

10) one EZ-link card with a stored value of approximately S$10; and

11) cosmetics valued at approximately S$10

with a total approximate value of S$2,210 from the possession of one [V], and
in committing the said robbery, did voluntarily cause hurt to the said [V], to
wit, by hitting her a few times on the back of her neck near her right
shoulder with your hand, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable
under s 394 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

2 The maximum punishment provided for rape (first charge) is 20 years’
imprisonment, with the offender also liable to fine or to caning. For the
offence of robbery with hurt (second charge), the offender shall be punished
with imprisonment of not less than five years and not more than 20 years and
shall also be punished with caning of not less than 12 strokes.

3 The accused admitted the following charge and consented that it be taken
into consideration for the purpose of sentence:

3RD CHARGE

on the 21st day of August 2013, at Blk [X] Geylang East Ave 1, #[X],
Singapore, did have in your possession one black Nike brand sports bra and one
white dress with grey linings, which may be reasonably suspected of being
stolen, and you failed to account satisfactorily how you came by the same, and
you have thereby committed an offence punishable under s 35(1) of the
Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev Ed).

4 I sentenced the accused to undergo imprisonment of 12 years and to receive
12 strokes of the cane for the first charge. For the second charge, I imposed
the minimum sentence provided by law, imprisonment for 5 years and 12 strokes
of the cane. I also ordered both imprisonment terms to run consecutively with
effect from 21 August 2013, the date of arrest. The total sentence was
therefore 17 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane, the maximum
number of strokes permissible by law.

The Statement of Facts

5 The accused admitted all the facts set out in the following Statement of
Facts:

A. THE ACCUSED

1\. The accused is Chang Kar Meng (FIN.: [X]), a 27-year-old male Malaysian
born on 30 January 1988. At the time of the offences, the accused was 25 years
old and was the kitchen-in-charge at DOME Coffee located in Raffles Place,
Singapore. He resided with his girlfriend at a rental unit at Blk [X] Geylang
East Avenue 1, Singapore.

B. THE VICTIM

2\. The victim is [V] (FIN.: [X]), a 35-year-old Vietnamese female born on [X]
[X] 1980. At the time of the offences, the victim was 33 years old and was
unrelated to the accused. She resided with her Singaporean husband at an
apartment unit at Blk [X] Paya Lebar Way, Singapore (“the Block”). The victim
met her husband in Vietnam and came to Singapore to be with him in 2008. The
victim was working as a waitress, and her working hours were from 5.30pm to
1.00am. The victim would usually take a bus to work and take a taxi back home
from work.

C. FIRST INFORMATION REPORT

3\. On 8 March 2013, at about 2.46am, the victim’s husband called the
emergency Police hotline and reported, “WIFE GOT BEATEN AT THE BACK OF HER
HEAD AND THE PERSON TOOKED (sic) HER BACK (sic). HER PHONE IS IN THE BAG. HER
PHONE NUMBER IS [X]. THE GUY IS FAIR AND WEARING BLACK SHORTS AND CARRYING A
SLING BAG.” The incident location was given as the void deck of the Block.
Police officers were despatched to the incident location.

4\. Before the Police arrived, the accused started to run away from the scene.
When police officers arrived, they spotted the accused who fitted the
description provided by the victim’s husband. They chased after the accused,
but lost sight of him.

5\. The police officers interviewed the victim who informed them that she had
been raped and robbed by the accused. The victim was then sent to KK Women’s &
Children’s Hospital (“KKH”) for a medical check-up.

D. FACTS LEADING TO THE CHARGES

6\. On 7 March 2013, the victim reached her workplace at 5.00pm and started
working till 1.15am when she left her workplace and took a taxi home. She
alighted at the open space carpark near the Block and walked towards the Block
while reading news on her mobile phone. She then arrived at the ground floor
lift lobby, pressed the lift button and waited for the lift to arrive.

7\. On 7 March 2013, the accused went to work at his workplace. At around
11.00pm that night, the accused went to Macpherson food centre for a meal.
Whilst he was in the midst of his meal, the accused received a call from his
girlfriend telling him that she would treat him to a meal at McDonald’s. The
accused then told her to wait for him there and that he would make his way
over. He then continued eating his meal and left to meet his girlfriend at or
about 1.00am. As he was on the way to meet his girlfriend at McDonald’s, he
received a call from his girlfriend saying that she was not going to wait for
him any longer and would be going home.

8\. The accused thus headed home and was walking up the overhead bridge in
front of the Block when he heard some noise behind him. He turned around and
saw the victim walking along the void deck of the Block. The accused noticed
that the victim was carrying a sling bag and looking at her mobile phone. This
was at or about 1.30am on 8 March 2013.

E. FACTS RELATING TO THE 1ST CHARGE

9\. The accused observed that there was no one around and decided to rob the
victim as he was short of money. He got off the overhead bridge and removed
his slippers. After placing his slippers in the bushes near the bridge, he
walked quickly towards the ground floor lift landing, making as little sound
as possible. He approached the victim from behind and covered her mouth with
his left hand to prevent her from shouting. He then voluntarily caused hurt to
the victim, by using his right hand to hit the back of the victim’s neck near
her right shoulder. In doing so, the accused intended to make her unconscious,
so that he could rob her. He had seen this being done in movies. After being
hit, the victim felt dizzy. She felt the accused’s hand hitting her on the
same spot a few more times after the initial blow. The victim then felt the
accused’s arm hugging her around the waist before she fainted and collapsed to
the ground.

10\. After the victim had fallen to the ground, the accused saw that the lift
was approaching the ground floor and wanted to drag the victim to the right
side of the lift entrance to avoid being captured on the closed-circuit
television (“CCTV”) inside the lift. The accused was not sure if there was a
CCTV inside the lift but wanted to play it safe. Just as he was about to drag
the victim away, the lift door opened. The accused lowered his head to prevent
his face from being captured by the CCTV. The CCTV inside the lift showed the
victim lying on the ground outside the lift, with the accused kneeling beside
her and pinning her down. In the process, the victim’s Polo t-shirt was
lifted, exposing her bra. It was only after the lift doors closed that he
half-carried and half-dragged the victim to the right side of the lift
entrance.

11\. As the accused was dragging the victim, he noticed that she was still
holding onto her mobile phone and took it from her hand. He then lifted the
victim up so that he could remove her sling bag and took her sling bag. He
then also removed her watch, earrings, necklace, and ring.

12\. In all, the accused took the following items out of the victim’s
possession:

a. one gold necklace with a jade pendant valued at approximately S$760;

b. one Samsung Galaxy S3 mobile phone valued at approximately S$500;

c. cash amounting to approximately S$300;

d. one silver ring valued at approximately S$250;

e. one brown sling bag valued at approximately S$100;

f. one red Casio watch valued at approximately S$90;

g. one pair of gold earrings valued at approximately S$70;

h. one brown ‘Toscano’ purse valued at approximately S$60;

i. one pair of spectacles valued at approximately S$60;

j. one EZ-link card with a stored value of approximately S$10; and

k. cosmetics valued at approximately S$10

with a total approximate value of S$2,210. All of these items were taken from
the victim’s possession without her consent.

F. FACTS RELATING TO THE 2ND CHARGE

13\. As the accused lifted the victim, he came into contact with her body. He
became aroused and had an erection. The accused observed that the victim had
no reaction at all when he took her belongings.

14\. The accused laid the victim back onto the ground and looked around to
confirm that no one was around. He placed all the victim’s belongings which he
had removed into the sling bag and half-carried and half-dragged the victim to
the grass patch at the vicinity of the Block which was about 13 metres away.

15\. The accused placed the victim under a small tree at the grass patch, and
lifted up the victim’s Polo t-shirt and bra. He placed the sling bag beside
him, took photographs of the victim’s exposed breasts, and then started
fondling the victim’s breasts. At this juncture, the victim regained
consciousness and felt that she was lying on grass. She felt the accused
touching her breasts but she was too afraid to shout for help. She thus kept
her eyes closed, and pretended to remain unconscious. The victim opened her
eyes slightly at various intervals through the incident and was aware of what
the accused was doing to her.

16\. The accused removed the victim’s three-quarter jeans and panties by
pulling them down to her knees. He encountered difficulties unbuttoning the
victim’s jeans but persisted and eventually managed to unbutton them.
Thereafter, the accused knelt down and lifted the victim’s legs up to his
shoulders. He then removed his shorts and penetrated the victim’s vagina with
his bare penis, without her consent. The victim dared not resist or fight back
as she was afraid that the accused would hurt or even kill her. The accused
eventually ejaculated outside the victim’s vagina. He did not wear any
protection when he had sex with the victim.

17\. The accused used his t-shirt to wipe his groin, thighs and hands before
using it to wipe the victim’s vagina. He then pulled up his shorts and started
taking photographs of the victim’s bare breasts with his mobile phone camera.
Thereafter, the accused put on the victim’s clothes for her and propped her up
in a sitting position. The accused laid the victim onto the ground again and
started rummaging through her sling bag. He placed the victim’s work permit,
prayer card and house key into her jeans pocket and walked away with the
victim’s sling bag.

18\. The victim sat up and wanted to get away but heard the accused walking
back towards her. She then lay on the grass and closed her eyes. The accused
lifted the victim and carried her towards the lift landing of the Block. He
carried her to the staircase landing between the first and second floors, and
laid her on a discarded mattress that he found there. Thereafter, he took a
photograph of the victim’s clothed body. The accused then left the scene with
the victim’s sling bag and retrieved his slippers from the bushes.

19\. The victim got up and took the lift back to her unit. Upon reaching her
bedroom, the victim sat on the floor and cried, waking her husband as a
result. The victim informed her husband that she was robbed but did not tell
him that she was also raped. The husband thus called the emergency Police
hotline reporting that the victim had been robbed.

G. THE ACCUSED’S ARREST

20\. Following five-and-a-half months of investigative work, the accused was
arrested at his residence at Blk [X] Geylang East Avenue 1, Singapore on 21
August 2013.

21\. All of the items taken from the victim during the robbery were recovered,
save for the items listed in sub-paragraphs 12(c), (i), (j) and (k). The
accused had discarded the items listed in sub-paragraphs 12(i), (j) and (k) in
the drain near Macpherson food centre after leaving the scene and before he
returned home on 8 March 2013. The accused had also switched off the victim’s
mobile phone and threw away the victim’s SIM card. He later gave the victim’s
mobile phone to his girlfriend for her usage and spent the cash amounting to
approximately S$300.

22\. The accused had taken photographs of the victim’s exposed breasts, with
the intention of viewing them subsequently. The photograph at the staircase
landing captured the victim’s face, but not clearly. The accused deleted the
photographs after viewing them. The photographs have been not recovered.

H. VICTIM’S MEDICAL REPORT

23\. The report dated 11 July 2013 prepared by Dr Freda Khoo Wan Yu, a
Registrar with the Department of Obstetrics & Gynaecology of KKH [TAB A]
states that the victim was examined on 8 March 2013 at 8.48am, and was found
to have sustained the following injuries:

a. a less than 1 cm laceration on the lateral aspect of the right upper arm;

b. a 1-cm laceration on the lateral aspect of the right forearm;

c. bruising at the left occipital area with tenderness;

d. bruising at the lateral posterior aspect of the right shoulder and the
posterior aspect of the left upper arm; and

e. superficial laceration over the right gluteal region.

24\. The victim was prescribed contraceptive pills and anti-nausea medication.
She was seen at the outpatient clinic on 16 April 2013 and given an open
follow-up date.

I. HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY (“HSA”) REPORT

25\. The reports bearing lab. no.s DN-1343-00422 and DN-1343-00423 dated 25
September 2013 prepared by Crystal Tan Liang-Sung, an analyst with the DNA
profiling laboratory of HSA [TABS B & C] state that the accused’s DNA was
found on the following:

a. the victim’s left nipple;

b. the victim’s right nipple;

c. the victim’s urethra;

d. the victim’s anus;

e. the victim’s vagina;

f. the victim’s jeans;

g. the victim’s shirt;

h. the victim’s panties; and

i. the victim’s brassiere.

J. EXHIBITS

26\. The CCTV footages recorded by the CCTV within the lift have been
retrieved by the Police and transferred into a CD-ROM [TAB D]. Photographs of
the scene of the offences and the clothing worn by the victim at the material
time are enclosed at TAB E.

K. CONCLUSION

27\. The accused had voluntarily caused hurt in committing robbery when he
committed robbery of the items listed in [12] above from the victim’s
possession. In committing the robbery, he voluntarily caused hurt to the
victim by hitting her a few times on the back of her neck near her right
shoulder with his hand at or about 1.30am on 8 March 2013, at the ground floor
lift landing of the Block, Singapore. Accordingly, he has committed an offence
punishable under s 394 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal
Code”).

28\. The accused had also committed an offence of rape when he penetrated the
victim’s vagina with his penis without her consent at or about 1.30am on 8
March 2013, at the grass patch in the vicinity of the Block, Singapore.
Accordingly, the accused has committed an offence under s 375(1)(a) of the
Penal Code, punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal Code.

29\. The accused admits to having committed the above two offences.

The Prosecution’s submissions on sentence

6 The accused had no previous convictions. The prosecution urged the court to
impose on the accused an aggregate sentence of 18 years’ imprisonment and the
maximum 24 strokes of the cane. This comprised suggested sentences of 13
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the first charge (rape) and
of 5 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the second charge
(robbery with hurt).

7 The prosecution cited Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849 where the
offence of rape was set out in four broad categories with suggested benchmark
sentences for each category. It was submitted that the present case fell
within Category 1 which concerns rapes which feature no aggravating or
mitigating circumstances. The benchmark for this category is 10 years’
imprisonment and not less than 6 strokes of the cane.

8 The Prosecution also referred to the Court of Appeal’s decision in Public
Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Malik [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 which
states that apart from considering the aggravating and mitigating factors in
each case, the court should also be guided by three broad principles. These
principles are the level of culpability of the offender, the degree of harm to
the victim and the level of risk posed by the offender to society.

9 The Prosecution submitted that several aggravating factors here justify a
sentence which is longer than the benchmark sentence mentioned in [7] above.
The accused’s acts in a residential estate would cause public disquiet and
shake the collective sense of safety and tranquillity. Further, he committed
rape in an aggravated manner. He knocked the victim unconscious and half-
dragged her over a distance of some 13 metres. He took photographs of her
exposed breasts. When the victim regained consciousness, she was in fear as
she was unaware of who the assailant was and what he could be capable of. She
suffered injuries from the accused’s rough handling of her body. The accused
had unprotected sex with her, thereby exposing her to the risks of an unwanted
pregnancy or some disease. After raping her, the accused degraded the victim
further by taking more photographs of her. This would allow repeated viewings
and add to the victim’s fear that the photographs could be circulated to
others. After the rape, the accused tried to make it look like it did not
happen. The accused’s actions in themselves also suggested that he poses a
risk to society.

10 The Victim Impact Statement of 8 March 2015 showed that the victim was
affected by the attack even though it happened some two years ago. She changed
her job so that she could reach home earlier. She is afraid of taking the lift
alone when it is dark and needs her husband to meet her at the void deck to
escort her up. She is also wary when walking towards her block. She has
unpleasant flashbacks of the incident.

11 Although the accused has pleaded guilty, he was not truly remorseful as he
did not surrender himself and was traced by the police more than five months
after the offences. In the psychiatric report dated 24 October 2013 by the
Institute of Mental Health, he told the psychiatrist that he could not
remember if he actually inserted his penis into the victim’s vagina as he
ejaculated almost immediately. His guilty plea also had no mitigation value as
the evidence was overwhelming against him.

12 In the same psychiatric report, he was assessed to be suffering from major
depression in and around the time of the offences. The psychiatrist opined
that while there was no direct causal link between the major depression and
the offences, it was clear that the accused was experiencing tremendous
psychological distress and his hitherto fragile self-esteem had been fractured
after repeated real and imagined onslaughts. The accused also suffers from
fetishistic transvestism. He appeared to have some degree of confusion over
his sexual identity. There was no direct causal link between the fetishistic
transvestism and the offences in the first two charges. However, it might have
driven him to procure lingerie illegally as it was embarrassing for him to do
so in a more legitimate fashion. The accused was depressed during his remand
and suffered intermittent panic attacks. He was however not of unsound mind at
the time of the offences and was aware of what he was doing and that what he
was doing was wrong.

13 The Prosecution argued that the accused’s mental condition should not be
accorded undue weight as a mitigating factor. It did not deprive him of his
judgment and decision-making ability. All his acts during the offences showed
presence of mind. He removed his slippers to avoid making noise, he knew how
to subdue the victim and to bring her to a secluded area, he tried to cover
his tracks by wiping her private parts and carrying her to the staircase
landing and he knew he had to throw away the victim’s mobile phone’s SIM card
to avoid detection. In any case, the severity of his offences far outweighed
the mitigation value of his mental condition.

14 The Prosecution cited Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v PP [2014] 2 SLR 998
(“Shouffee”) in arguing for consecutive imprisonment terms to be imposed. In
that case, Menon CJ held that consecutive sentences would not be appropriate
if the various offences involve a single invasion of the same legally
protected interest. In the present case, the victim’s right to her bodily
integrity and her right to property were violated. Indeed, this case fell
within the illustration mentioned at [33] of the case cited above:

An illustration will help in making the point. Take the example of a date
rapist who rapes his unconscious victim and then makes off with her purse.
Notwithstanding the proximity in time and place in which these offences have
been committed, it would be wrong to regard both as forming a single
transaction. It is quite evident that two separate interests, namely the right
to bodily integrity and the right to property, have been implicated and
warrant separate punishment.

15 While there have been precedents involving rape and robbery which resulted
in aggregate imprisonment of between 11 and 15 years, the suggested sentence
of 18 years’ imprisonment would still be justified on the facts here. The
victims in the precedents were restrained but conscious and had a chance to
resist and to plead with the rapist. Here, the victim was attacked from behind
and rendered unconscious. By the time she regained consciousness, she had been
robbed and her body was being violated in the secluded grass patch. The
accused attempted to cover up his crime. He also took photographs of the
victim. Although he deleted them later, the victim was not aware of that and
had to live with the possibility of circulation of the photographs for more
than five months. He remained at large for more than five months, adding to
the victim’s fear that her assailant could still be in the neighbourhood.

16 The Prosecution also informed the court that there were 133 rape cases in
2012, 120 in 2013 and 163 in 2014.

The mitigation plea

17 Counsel for the accused submitted that the appropriate sentence would be a
global sentence of around 10 years’ imprisonment coupled with caning. They
highlighted the findings in the psychiatric report (see [11] and [12] above)
and contended that the accused’s major depression contributed to his
inexplicable offending behaviour. They also cited three precedents which they
submitted involved offences which were more aggravated in nature than the
present but where the sentences for rape ranged from six to 11 years’
imprisonment and included caning of four to eight strokes.

18 It was accepted that the present case was a Category 1 rape. Counsel for
the accused submitted that the benchmark of 10 years’ imprisonment and caning
for this category applies to “contested cases”. Here, the accused has pleaded
guilty and has no criminal record. He acted on impulse rather than out of
premeditation. The penetration by the accused was brief and he ejaculated
outside the victim’s vagina. He is not a risk to society as this was a one-off
transgression and he is receiving treatment to cure the root of his problems.

19 Counsel for the accused submitted that the Prosecution’s suggested 18
years’ imprisonment would be a crushing sentence which offended the totality
principle. Even the cases cited by the Prosecution showed that more aggravated
factual situations attracted global sentences of up to 15 years’ imprisonment
and 24 strokes of the cane.

20 The accused was remorseful and tendered his apologies in court to the
victim. In his handwritten note to the court, he expressed his regret and
stated that he was not a “cold-blooded animal”. He did not run away
immediately after the offences because he really wanted to help and compensate
the victim. He did not have the courage to surrender himself and lived in
constant fear of being arrested. When his girlfriend asked him for a new
mobile phone, he was in financial difficulties and so decided to give her the
one that he had robbed the victim of. Thereafter, he was found out by the
police very quickly. After his arrest, he had suicidal thoughts. He helped the
police during the investigations by providing “lots of evidence” that were
detrimental to himself. His family and his fiancée have forgiven him and he
greatly appreciated that. He hoped for a chance to be able to take care of his
aged mother.

21 One of the accused’s elder sisters wrote to inform the court that “this is
not the type of person that he is and he is ashamed of himself for what he has
done”. She hoped that their mother, who missed the accused very much, could be
reunited with him after his sentence.

22 The accused’s girlfriend wrote to ask the court for leniency for the
accused. She and the accused were from the same town in Malaysia. They have
been in a relationship for 10 years. Although they were not engaged to each
other, they were no different from a married couple. They had frequent
quarrels but she described the accused as a very responsible, generous, kind-
hearted and caring person who also provided her with financial support. She
believed that the accused committed the rape “without a sound mind at that
time” and has chosen to forgive him. In her view, “he is definitely not a bad
guy” and “he is a boyfriend with grade A in my heart”.

The decision of the court

23 In sentencing the accused, I was in general agreement with the Prosecution
that the facts here warranted a deterrent sentence. The accused’s audacity was
amply demonstrated by his acts committed against a helpless female within
metres of the flats in the block in question.

24 All his actions spoke of a clear and determined mind despite whatever
depression he was in around the time of the incidents. He knew he had to
remove his slippers and move silently if he wanted to attack the victim by
surprise. He knew how to render her unconscious. He was mindful of being
caught by the CCTV installed in the lift when he saw the lift descending to
the ground floor. He toyed with her body and took pictures of her with his
mobile phone. He even told the psychiatrist that the flash on the mobile phone
was turned off. He was clear minded in cleaning up after the rape. He could
decide what he wanted to take of her belongings. He had the presence of mind
to take more photographs of her after he had moved her to the staircase
landing. He remembered to retrieve his slippers before leaving the scene. He
knew he had to dispose of the SIM card in the victim’s mobile phone.

25 In my opinion, to say that the above acts were the influence of a depressed
mind would be contrary to logic and common sense. In any case, depression
cannot be used as a licence for someone to harm others and certainly not to
rob and rape a helpless female returning home after a day at work.

26 The offences here fell squarely within the principles justifying
consecutive imprisonment terms as enunciated in Shouffee. The overall criminal
conduct clearly called for a severe sentence to be imposed. The robbery charge
already demanded a minimum sentence of five years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes
of the cane.

27 I would have sentenced the accused to 14 years’ imprisonment for the rape
charge had it stood alone. However, I decided to reduce it to 12 years on
account of his relative youth at the time of the offences in 2013 (he was 25
years old then) and also because he would be receiving consecutive
imprisonment terms and the maximum of 24 strokes of the cane allowed by law
for both offences.

28 For the above reasons, I sentenced the accused as stated in [4] above. The
accused has appealed to the Court of Appeal against the sentence imposed.

Tay Yong Kwang  
Judge

Zhong Zewei and Kelly Ho (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the prosecution;  
Sunil Sudheesan and Diana Ngiam (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

